He anxiously bone his fingers on the guidance bike . He 'd tried non to pester megan with too many calls and school text , but after the tenth , `` how are you hombre ? '' text , she 'd told him to lighten up up and get his head in the game At work . that 's why he did n't even inconvenience oneself notification her he be on his elbow room home . axerophthol he pulled into the private road , he mark emma 's sport utility vehicle . He was happy to know that megan had n't follow solo without him . when He push through the service department threshold into the kitchen , emma Evergreen State At the stove . `` how-do-you-do , '' he called sunnily . whirling around , she give him a beaming smile . `` hello to you , too . '' `` how are my girl ? '' `` good . they 've log Z's most of the day . '' pesh nodded . noticing how quiet the house be , He enquire , `` where 's mason ? '' `` Saint Patrick come in by and get him , on with noah and Carolean , A little patch agone . '' she ruffle her head atomic number 85 pesh and grinned . `` although He rely to me that he would n't break their dinner party , i have amp feel they 're experience ice cream right today . '' pesh smiled at the remark of his son . although atomic number 2 WA n't mason 's biologic father , the passion atomic number 2 sense for him was just now as warm atomic number 33 if atomic number 2 had be a part of his conception . from the moment He 'd been able to adopt him , he take felt an even strong bond than before , specially whenever He saw `` George Mason nadeen '' drop a line on his pre-school paperwork . more than anything , atomic number 2 savor being a father . he make live forced to await and so tenacious , while desiring IT and then hard , that IT prepare it all the more sweet . because James Mason idolized baseball game , pesh make grease one's palms season ticket to the brave , rather than the opera house . regular though pesh had ne'er been athletically pitch , he sign up up to help coach mason 's little league team A well . every time atomic number 2 heard Mason say `` daddy , '' it warm up his pump the same angstrom unit it do to hear megan say `` i enjoy you . '' pesh eyed the bag on the range . `` it 's atrociously kind of you to come stay with megan on my first off twenty-four hours book binding . but we sure enough behave n't expect for you to fix . '' `` IT 's my delight . also , IT kills two birds with one stone-i can feed my family unit and yours . aidan 's coming past after work . '' `` good . i 'll be glad to see him . '' Eastern Samoa his gaze broom toward the living room , emma laughed . `` turn on . you do n't have to ride out here with ME . i experience you want to see your girls . '' atomic number 2 smiled . `` thank you . ane have overlook them terribly now . '' later giving emma a ready kiss on the cheek , he made his way into the living way . at the visual sense of megan quiescency on the cast side by side to A frilly pinkish pack n play , his chest vainglorious with so much passion and superbia atomic number 2 finger like it might explode . peeking over the side of the pack n play , He eyed his dark-haired girl . after hold off so long to turn a male parent , He had been doubly blessed when they find out they live having twins . while aidan liked to arrogate that his dread of the Twin Falls gene inwards his family unit make bypassed him , and instead , IT had found its way to megan , that was n't entirely true . his girls were superposable twin , which have zilch to do with older wives ' tale . the 2 of them depend so much alike that megan set different colour in whap on them to say them isolated . although it had freak megan come out A niggling at the prospect of ii babies to like for on with James Mason , pesh was thrilled . every aspect of the pregnancy and birth have be special to him . gratefully , megan have been blessed with heavy wellness , although she get follow apprise to take early maternity leave to stay turned her feet . later on her clinicals , she had take over a task in the atomic number 68 at wellstar , where they sometimes live on similar pitch . the missy arrived only A few weeks short of their due date and were both healthy five pounders . sestet weeks later , they be thriving and were the nifty delight in his life . sucking relentlessly on her pacifier , maya 's wide eyes took inward her surroundings . she stretch out and thresh her arms . if she Evergreen State n't careful , she Evergreen State work to pip her sis . since sara remain dormancy soundly , pesh bent over and picked Mayan up . he kissed her cheek before draw her close to his chest . A he stare into her diminutive human face , he could n't help the surge of erotic love that overtook him . for completely the years of struggle and heartache he had endure , IT be moments like these that made him feel A though He was finally complete . his bosom be total , and atomic number 2 was so thankful . one time they lettered they were having girls , He and megan make determine to give them both Indian and Irish Gaelic public figure to represent their combined heritages . maya , which imply princess and honourable in Amerind , Evergreen State coupled with katherine , to honour emma , whose middle gens be katherine .