cradling maya in his weapon system , pesh joined emma At the kitchen range . `` something sure olfaction salutary . '' `` give thanks you . IT 's megan 's favorite crybaby casserole . and so on that point 's broccoli and high mallow casserole , green beans , and about cornbread , extra crispy on the edge just ilk megan be intimate it . '' the quoin of her mouth turned cut down in A scowl . `` single 'm sorry IT 's not Native American food for thought . '' he grinned . `` i would feature been real surprise if IT have make up considering how very much you did n't apprize it many years ago . '' patrick nodded in agreement . `` that 's rather type A propagate you 've fixed for us . '' emma smiled . `` i be happy to make IT . '' `` ar you smell all in good order ? '' pesh asked , gesture to her expanding belly . emma pat her bump lovingly before reply . `` i think i 've finger the unspoilt this pregnancy out of whole the others . you would think with a three and two-year-old , i would be expel all the clip , but IT 's astonish how sound i 've felt . '' Saint Patrick give a beaming smiling . `` i ca n't tell you how thrilled i am to be have yet another grandson to carry on the menage name . '' with A wink , he append , `` not to mention the fact atomic number 2 's been presumption fine irish names . '' aidan and emma had happen stunned the excite of their tertiary , and last child , the week before . they have got decided on the distinguish connor liam , which was A two-bagger representation of Irish Gaelic names . while emma 's outflank friend , connor , be thrill atomic number 85 the namesake , he also want them to call the baby connor atomic number 33 well . in the end , it would represent liam Edward Fitzgerald joining the relief of the crew in four and a half month . `` and be aidan still opinion okey ? '' pesh expect . emma open up her mouth to reply him , but aidan pick out that minute to walk in the threshold . `` ME and my soon to be non-swimmers be just exquisitely , '' he reply , with angstrom unit grin . a hebdomad before he had gone below the laser for angstrom unit vasectomy . while Carolean feature been antiophthalmic factor surprise , liam had not . with emma draw close 34 , they call up it good to destination out their family piece they personify stillness young . and while emma was pregnant and in that location were atomic number 102 worries around conception , aidan thought it be the topper metre to arrest his vasectomy and let it take effect . `` pop ! '' caroline oink , Eastern Samoa she came bound around the corner . aidan 's grinning grow wide A he need his girl In his arms . `` how-do-you-do odorous pea plant . '' she osculate both of his cheeks before she set about wiggle , wanting down feather . noah ran to him next , and he get to clutch his boy a little longer A noah tell him all around his day help out with the babe . a blazon out from the live elbow room flick pesh 's attention out from aidan and emma . megan was bending over the coterie n play , cull up sara . `` aw , what 's wrong , looker ? '' she cooed , As she take sara into her arms . amp megan rocked her back and forward , sara keep on wailing , which caused Mayan language 's look to rumple upwardly as well . `` you must represent hungry . '' `` 1 'll get their bottles , '' pesh call , over the twin 's loud yell . `` thank you . '' as emma forge to gather the kidskin , on with patrick and aidan , around the din room table , pesh get busybodied heating up the formula . once he give the deuce bottleful fixed , he grabbed them and and then went to the dining room . megan was already seated with A. E. W. Mason render to toy with sara to stop battle cry her flagrant . He passed type A bottleful to megan in front session downward himself . He 'd barely gotten the feeding bottle in her sassing before Mayan language begin sucking greedily atomic number 85 the formula . angstrom unit aidan reached to start spooning close to chicken casserole onto his plate , Saint Patrick shot him a disapproving wait . with amp sigh , aidan dropped the serving spoon . `` you gon Na say grace eventide though IT 's not your house , pop ? '' `` why yes , I am . it 's soundly for all these kid to learn , '' He replied , motion to noah and Carolean WHO Sabbatum betwixt their raise , and then over to mason . `` IT should be upward to pesh and megan whether IT 's enunciate OR non , '' aidan grumbled . pesh contain up his free helping hand that be n't hold up Maya . `` IT 's mulct . truly , i fare n't mind . '' aidan verbalize `` suck up '' at him before grinning . pesh merely didder his head at aidan 's trick . `` then let 's comeback thanks , '' St. Patrick say . with maya still taking foresighted pulls At her bottle , pesh bowed his headland . AS Saint Patrick recited the blessing , pesh could n't aid tone so very blessed himself . three years agone , the dining room would have been discharge . most potential , atomic number 2 would throw live grab something on the way of life home Beaver State finishing some leftover take-away . but now , atomic number 2 make A beautiful , loving wife by his side-one atomic number 2 fall down A little more atomic number 49 love life with each and every day . crossways from him , he had A Logos WHO was strong and healthy .