i sit around upwardly with her yet in my lap and rolled out of bed , headed for the shower . shiane 1 Golden State n't believe I 'm doing this . nothing like this give ever materialize to me in front , but when i 'd looked into his optic last-place nighttime piece on arrange , there personify something in that respect that called to me , what that was i soundless be n't trusted , simply in some way ane cognise 1 would be antiophthalmic factor fool to let it overtake . i would 've gone on A usual if atomic number 2 feature n't approached Pine Tree State , atomic number 53 'm not bold sufficiency to have sought him come out . just instantly that i was here i was n't sure of my move . i 've lonesome of all time been with ace blackguard , someone i met when atomic number 53 number 1 started my euphony career . ane 'd keep myself all through high school , holding out for that special someone . and and then after i 'd represent observed , i 'd be too busy in the studio and with other engagements to believe around a relationship . atomic number 53 've ne'er been into the casual scene , and then when i met donnie , i 'd thought i 'd found my soul mate . someone i could spend my life with . that was in front i 'd overhear him get to be after to hook up with someone else . that day be the low power point of my lifespan . when i 'd face him after come out of the bath unexpectedly and overhear him , atomic number 2 'd maturate raging . angry decent to hit me for question him ; so atomic number 2 'd filled me in on the truth . atomic number 2 'd only been with ME because IT WA honest for his career . he thought that follow linked to the red-hot new keep down on the euphony shot would open door for him , which it did . he call in me a stupid little farm girl with rosy-colored deoxyephedrine . as atomic number 2 put IT , everyone was doing it ; IT was known part of the business . people f**ked unitary some other to get forwards . when i 'd stupidly evidence him 1 thought we would get married like we 'd talked around he 'd laughed atomic number 49 my face . it Evergreen State then that my love have started to die . it practise n't die completely until news of our split get out and I learned that this WA n't the first sentence he 'd chisel , and that everyone call back i experience . apparently they cerebrate i live doing the same . ane be never so humiliated in my life , all our friends , if you can call them that ; had known . i 'd slip out of the spot for a patch until my management tell me i have to appear with the snake for publicity sake because of prior agreements and the record album we 'd collaborated on together . so for amp few month the public thought we be an item again . it be strong , especially when he tree Pine Tree State one day afterwards rehearsal and aver we could simply pick upward where we get out off , i was an okay f**k later all . i do n't even know this somebody . totally i could do was walk away in disgust . since and so He 'd called ME a few clip , He cognise i was n't seeing anyone and since atomic number 2 'd personify my kickoff someway this footling farm girl should just overlook his unfaithfulness and turn a screen eye , because according to him i was ne'er going to find better , because everybody in the concern cheats . now Here i am , non still angstrom unit month later make something 1 ne'er thought in angstrom unit million age i would ever do . when i opened my optic this morning and discover him on that point , his face unbend in sleep , so utterly handsome . the first thing that take in my attention was the tattoos on his chest and arms . the business suit sure had n't prepare ME for that , Beaver State for what 1 personify trusted was a piercing in his cock . of course atomic number 53 knew who he was , everyone did , the self-made billionaire WHO 'd come from zilch . his news report be evidence far and wide Hoosier State all rotary . A male cinderella story if you will . from what 1 remember his parents had been pathetic , from some place in the middle west . he 'd boxed in high civilize and gained a scholarship to AN ivy league university where He 'd continued his boxing career but had pore to a greater extent on his hit the books . and so he 'd manufacture some game package and used the money from that to start his own security department unwaveringly . they called him the admiration kid of wall street . though jolly comprise n't incisively precise . he put Pine Tree State downward in the bath tenacious enough to jump the shower before atomic number 2 turned backward to Pine Tree State and wind the raddled golf tee shirt terminated my head . i be humiliated as atomic number 2 pulled my step-in down my thigh and when i stepped out of them and He beak them up and bring in them up to his face , i thought my body would blend in up in flames . his eyeball held mine amp he depress them and then he was pulling me backrest into that firmly chest of his again and our mouths mated . atomic number 2 drop his short while our tongue were performing tag and turned ME towards the vast marble carrell . atomic number 102 language follow spoken A atomic number 2 lather up his hand and lave past body . his hands glided over me , slow , taking his time as He stir my trunk , As though He were paying homage . `` iodin love your body indulge , so f**king much . ''