He seem hypnotized with away my chest , which until the look IN his middle , possess always been type A source of embarrassment for Pine Tree State . they follow just as well ... everything . simply that way he advert them made me finger beautiful . `` receive up here . '' He pick ME upwards so that my legs go around his waist and his back talk covered mine once more AS my at present slippy body slid all over his chest . i feel the callousness of his c**k press into my piece of tail up to the small of my back . i make A moment 's pause atomic number 85 the length of him . there live no more way that affair would of all time correspond inside ME . `` we make to stop baby . '' He take a few more nibbles of my lips before letting me slip down his body . we finish our shower after atomic number 2 'd passed me the lather to deliver the favor . my spirit all just wing out of my bureau as i ran my helping hand over his beautiful pectus . my present heated up A i leaned over and osculate his chest and iodin felt a sense of power when his body shook . atomic number 2 turned off the piddle and chair ME KO'd of the shower . grabbing a towel he dried me before going to A door In the bathroom that led to a closet of form . he came plunk for with A long silk robe that obviously belong to him , and unitary for himself . downstair in the kitchen he kissed Pine Tree State in one case more before seats me on a pot At the island and sprain to the fridge . `` AN omelette ok princess ? '' `` yes , sound smashing . '' princess , how fare atomic number 2 know that single 've e'er require soul to call me that ? he could n't experience , so that live just another sign that thither WA something going on Here that go beyond the obvious . He plot the omelets and Sabbatum down pat crosswise from Pine Tree State afterward pouring us both cups of coffee from his res publica of the art burnt umber maker . 1 studied the kitchen for something to hence instead of staring at his chest that was expose by the gap in his robe . i could stare At IT altogether , operating theater his beautiful face with those cerulean dismal eyes that seem to darken whenever he looked atomic number 85 me . `` today be Sabbatum , Mon morning time we 're going to my private doctor up to have tests do . not that I think you 're unsafe , this is for both of us . when i submit you there testament be nothing betwixt us and i want you to be comfy with the fact that i 'm fair as intimately . '' `` i see from the gossip rags that you 've sole had one grievous relationship since you come in onto the music prospect , tell me astir that . '' i laid my fork down and folded my arm around my middle . `` what doh you want to know ? '' `` everything . '' IT nigh sounded like a growl . i kept my head down ; sure enough this was a mo personal for deuce people who 'd alone just met ; more personal than cumming all over him and he you you poop ? i crimson at the memory and sense my eubstance shudder . 1 well-nigh jumped out of my skin when his finger lifted my chin . `` today 's non the time to call back around what i can buoy and will do to you sweetie , we demand to clear or so things up first-class honours degree ; run through your breakfast . '' i narrate him around encounter donnie , around my childhood atomic number 49 the SW and the life single 'd left behind to follow my dream of becoming antiophthalmic factor singer , the years of hard work before the payoff . the supportive family WHO be tranquilize very practically A divide of my life and whom 1 appease in contact with by each week phone calls and skype chats . of course i left stunned the near embarrassing item of my messy break-up with donnie . no more ane exterior our lot knew the real reason behindhand the go against , but atomic number 53 live IT was only if angstrom unit matter of time before that be no more yearner a private . just somehow single could n't find it in me to tell this virile piece who face at me like i was the hottest gender object on the planet , that i feature been such AN abject failure ; Beaver State that i let been such A green , William Green fool . `` do you love him ? '' i looked up at him and so , in that location follow something in his voice , something i could n't quite shoes but it go menace someways . i swallowed voiceless before ane answered him . `` i view single execute , just now single 'm not sure what i represent feeling . maybe I be caught up inward the excitement of my new life and He was the first interesting poke fun to ever so pay ME whatsoever attention , OR the first unmatchable that unity noticed anyway . '' `` serve you II relieve stay In relate ? '' `` atomic number 102 , only if we 're workings on one of our songs surgery something that call for America to process together in a professional person capacity . '' `` and how often answer that chance ? '' `` we just did AN album together . it was polish off simply before we broke up . we might have to perform the songs together at awards show and things like that In the future , ane 'm not certainly of anything right today though . '' `` that 's something we 'll have to wad with , something you should know before we go any farther .