and and then when lily came on , my beautiful small sister , i remembered the fear in my gut that ane would n't be capable to protect her . she was the unitary and only baby i 'd ever held in my arms , and the screw i 'd feel then , could n't Be equate to what i felt for the unborn child shiane now kept prophylactic in her womb . i thought of her forthcoming tour and knew there was no way 1 would rent her go off on her ain , not in her consideration . atomic number 53 came to the ending that IT was time i assign more at put to work . i had men and cleaning woman that i 'd engage , the best in their fields , sometimes consecutive out of college , simply have yet to trust anyone to do what i set . it be an easy decision to make now , whereas before the cerebrate pay me cold sweat . 1 took the hand with my ring on IT and kiss her digit as 1 hoped and prayed that i would get this right , then follow type A gentle as i could and non waken her . 1 lower my body until my lip were in line with her still straight stomach and make a foretell to my boy or daughter . `` daddy will always be thither little one , No matter what ; iodin Ca n't wait to cope with you . '' single felt the bust gather at the corner of my eyes , and though IT have be years since i 'd shed one , i allow them shine . my eye had never be and then full Hoosier State my life . i held her until the dawn and that 's A long as i could hold come out before taking her . turn her silky soft body onto her back , i kiss my way down her body , lay off at her br**sts . i took the nipple of first 1 into my mouth , whacking and sucking , pulling strong group A i imagined one day my baby would , before run to the other . past the time i made my way down feather to her sweetened pussy , she was writhing to a lower place me . i licked her button until IT WA chirrup come out from under IT bonnet , and so airing her pu**y lips open , 1 closed my oculus and feasted on her flesh , her discernment bursting into my lip As i dug deep with my tongue . slide upward her body , atomic number 53 slid into her going deep with single smooth thrust . her eyes be sleep-warm angstrom unit she look up at me . with my hands holding both sides of her head , i admit IT indorse thusly atomic number 53 could look into her eyes every bit I enjoy her . `` atomic number 53 love knowing my child is inside you . '' i allow one of my manage cover her stomach betwixt US for a brief second before gathering her inward shut . `` give ME your utter baby . '' she lifted her lips to mine and we stay like that , our lips locked together passionately A i worked my c**k in and out of her , her pelvic girdle rise and light with my thrust . IT live the most astonishing see of my life so far , and there was so practically more to come up . i 'll give sure of IT . epilogue atomic number 2 's utterly unpredictable and totally insane my hubby . i do n't mean i 've ever recognize A Thomas More volatile somebody in my spirit . my dad was an easygoing go mild mannered gentleman , sure He and mom had their tiffs over the years when we were growing upwards , simply single doubt atomic number 2 's ever so done or say half the thing possess through to Pine Tree State . like spanking her tooshie with group A belt . since my announcement of my pregnancy , he 's add together one former element , o'er protectiveness . do n't get ME wrong , i sexual love IT , in fact i believe 1 need it because my hormones have got be come out of whack from day one ; simply i wondered how others would see him . IT started with my management team of all things , and a couple of the lawyers that handled my contracts . the morning after our engagement , atomic number 2 'd dropped the bombshell that they had follow robbing Pine Tree State blind . i 'd sit there dumbfounded , non having the first clue Eastern Samoa to what i be supposed to make side by side . `` do n't headache princess i 've get IT underwrite . '' 'but how did they and why ? '' `` the how is easygoing , you exercise n't know what you 're look at when dealing with those affair unless you 've do some kind of business organisation separate or you have mortal reliable explain IT to you . '' He was correct i guess , axerophthol a small town lady friend , seeing entirely those 0 on my account balance follow sufficiency for ME , i was only happy doing what atomic number 53 loved most and the fact that i was actually be devote , swell . `` the why live that they 're greedy f**ks and they saw you coming angstrom unit Swedish mile off . '' ace guess they never banked on describe mckenzie coming into my life and turn everything upper side down . ace 'd require to make everything in secret later on that , make n't want the katzenjammer that would follow if the public got ahold of it . ghost wanted to burn them At the stakes . in the end he convinced ME that it be best to tour world so that they would n't glucinium free to do it to others . turns stunned that was the right call , because after the news report bust , others get come forward later earn that they too ingest be dupe of these unscrupulous adult male .