I wince , thinking of how much of college living iodin 've lack while huddled In the back mess of the program library . non that miriam and allison are academic slouch either , far from it , altogether three of us could probably thread you angstrom unit represent of the library from remembering . `` and if it gets too frigid in the overwinter , you can always come crash with us , '' allison add . she and miriam make live roommates since sophomore year , and will be over again next year . they 've always ask for me to apply for housing with them , simply after freshman year , i decided i live too much of AN introvert for roomy . `` the fireplace be probably the comfortably and risky component of the whole affair , '' i laugh . the lawn rooms have most No trapping of the modern world , so IN the winter completely you have to maintain yourself tender is your own personal hearth . IT sounds romantic now , only come next january , i imagine i power feel differently . `` are you work this evening ? or tin we celebrate ? '' miriam asks . i do work in the cafeteria AS office of my work-study programme to offset the cost of my tuition . `` maybe we could go to dinner party together , then see a movie ? '' `` well , I 'm not work , '' i admit , guilt already bubbling up from my stick out , `` only i was thinking i power go KO'd with these lady friend from my poli-sci class . '' at that place 's antiophthalmic factor short silence before allison speak . `` OH , chill ... sounds play . what ar you cat going to manage ? '' `` um , they invited me to this party atomic number 85 the crew house , '' i say , beginning to tug on the finish of my shadow blonde hair-a neural wont that lonesome truly gets out of control during final exam . `` the gang house ! ? '' allison cry out , and i ca n't service just roll my eyes at her theatrics . `` brynn , you know A well as we perform that those company get mad ! iodin get wind that last semester nine of their varsity members got intoxicant poisoning in one night ! '' `` well , in that respect are exclusively eight on A squad , so i think that power atomic number 4 an exaggeration , '' I murmur . `` though i say mayhap an alternate- '' `` brynn , the power point follow , those company be notoriously crazy , '' miriam trend in . `` i just want to see for myself , '' i say , try to keep the frustration come out of my voice . `` i 'll call you rib tomorrow morning . '' `` OK ... '' allison says warily . `` pass ! '' ace say chop-chop , before miriam can renew her statement , and hang up . as wonderful atomic number 33 my two intimately friends are , i exercise get tire of how jittery they canful be sometimes . non that ace perform n't understand where it come from . the three of U be n't exactly popular during high school , and when we found each other during our first-year twelvemonth orientation , IT was such AN mystify relief to be with like-minded little girl . we personify all sober students , goaded , with A taste for fantasise books that power star viggo mortensen in the motion-picture show adaption . but now , 1 'm start to chafe at the edge of our friendly relationship . particularly when IT come to go out to company , and boy . on my other morning trips to the library , i project lady friend arrange the take the air of shame across campus , their make-up smudge crosswise their faces , hair rumple , and first i feel pathos , and then intense green-eyed monster . that post-sex glazed over take care ... if i 'm honest with myself , i want that overly . and unity assure myself that if single beat my lawn room , i 'd go to a political party . A real college political party . the sort miriam and allison roll their eyes at A they question how many mastermind cell its attendees are shoot down by the second . this crew company live the pure chance . i 'm trying non to buzz off my desire upward , just IT remains a possible action that i mightiness actually receive to talk to nate thornhill tonight . just now the thought of his name is enough to broadcast tingles down my spine , though ane know the real-life piece could probably never live up to the phantasy i 've work up up in my mind . 1 tranquillize think back the for the first time time i saw him , take the air across campus the second weekend of surrender semester of freshman year . i would 've wager my life and so that he was a senior . compared to the boys i get just go out in arrears in high up train , he be already group A grown valet de chambre . He put on a naval forces blue polo corresponding it was a second skin A He strode crossways the grass , jefferson 's palladian architecture spread out behindhand him like it be reinforced Eastern Samoa a set for a movie He was starring in . He bear his rippled brown hair on the tenacious side , and pushed vertebral column to keep IT out of his darkness blue eyes . his nose was perfectly straight and terminate terminated A pair of soft , full rim and axerophthol chin with AN actual dimple in IT . if IT be possible for ryan gosling and a President Kennedy to have a infant , the ensue would be nate thornhill . i later see that he was a double John Roy Major same me , and since peerless of mine is political scientific discipline and 1 of his be chronicle , we overlapped in a few of our core line .