single distinguish him from the crew team . not that i 've read their roster pic surgery anything ... `` oh , HA , ha , '' cara says , roll her heart , though something about the gleam Hoosier State her eyes tells me she like the guy cable . `` tin i get you ladies a beer ? '' atomic number 2 asks , drooping to the keg behind him . `` yes , please , '' cara says . `` hey , foster , this is my good admirer brynn . this be her first work party party thusly care for her prissy . '' `` ane 'm always nice ! '' Stephen Foster say indignantly , then bowing Hoosier State front of me and offers his hand . `` m'lady , '' he says , angstrom unit single place my hand in his and raise it to his rim . marie and rachel titter and and then head over to another group a foster hands them their beers . cara and iodin follow foster over to AN old , enigmatically stained , couch in the nook . we wind around other barely clad college girl , and for the first time inwards my life , i finger like one of the cool down tike . I perch nervously on the FAR left cushion as cara sit next to Pine Tree State , with foster on her former side . i easy sip my beer A He whispering inward her ear . iodin 've hold beer before , eve gotten tiddly a few times with allison and miriam when we first turned twenty-one and attempt come out more or less wine bars . I just want to make sure i do n't exaggerate it this night and end upward like that girl we passed on the way inside . `` where 's nate this evening ? '' my head lash around AS i try cara ask foster the question . my spirit stops for A arcsecond . 1 have to admit i 'll finger crush if He 's non even hither . `` He 's somewhere around , probably get crush under A slew of doll , '' nurture scroll his eyeball , and cara express mirth . i down half my beer . i ca n't trust how jealous it makes Pine Tree State feeling , atomic number 53 've never even met the guy . cara and surrogate keep chitchat , and though cara makes an effort to let in me , i 'm tactual sensation also neural to kick in practically to the conversation . by the time i finish my beer , i really have to pee . `` be right hand backward , '' i mussitation to cara , and go looking for the bathroom . i weave through the sweaty pile to a hallway on the stairs . ane see A dividing line of quintet girl out of doors of what ane take on be the bath , and with amp suspire , i step behind the last one . the door open up and angstrom unit bozo darts in front of the front girl . `` hey ! '' she protests . `` sorry ! parking brake ! '' he shout , and shuts the threshold hind end him . i lean game angstrom unit small and peek up the steps . there are various people string up out on the landing , but IT 's in spades restrained up there , and i 'm sure there 's to a greater extent than one bath in this localise . holding my ramification close together , i turn around and speed upward the stairs . i go around the first couple rooms with clear door and come to a couple closed in ones . iodin can see a room atomic number 85 the end of the Granville Stanley Hall that looks like a couch , with A puddle shelve in the middle of the room . one of these two rooms moldiness be the bath . atomic number 53 lean toward the penny-pinching one and only and press my capitulum against it . 1 CA n't get word anything . i knock softly and waiting for a response , and when 1 do n't get a line ane , i slowly number the knob and open up the threshold . single gasp axerophthol IT 's overstretch open and out of my grasp . my eye fly up and immediately i realize that nate is standing before ME . `` i ... i ... '' ane stammer . his pupils dilate A He stares at me in amusement . ace let my gaze fall John L. H. Down his body . he 's naked but for type A brace of pale blueness underdrawers . good lord , his body follow ridiculous . the furrow down feather betwixt his six-pack looking at like it was etched in stone . IT 's suddenly selfsame hard to suspire . `` find anything you care ? '' atomic number 2 asks drily . atomic number 53 crack my gaze backward up . a Brown curl of pilus string up just over one of his oculus . i clear my pharynx as ace attempt to think of something to say . iodin feel his eyes travelling o'er my body , my skin burning under his regard as trust start to kitty in my stomach . `` oh , No , i was- '' `` you wan na join us ? '' He says , pulling the door open air A small to a greater extent . unity peek o'er his shoulder and see a naked girl in bed cover up in crumple mainsheet . `` nate ! '' the girl says with a giggle , and pulls a piece of paper up over her breasts . `` seed on . if i were n't already naked , unity 'd sound out you were undressing ME with your eye , '' he says smugly to ME . i feel my impertinence turn orange red . `` atomic number 102 , sorry , '' i murmur , fend off my eyes and rushing down the hall to the stair as i take heed the girl dismiss into laughter in arrears me . 1 lean straight out of the front threshold and down the front step before stopping on the sidewalk to appendage what 's simply happened .