ugh , 1 'm such an idiot . i raise my hand to my oral fissure and wipe the back of my palm crosswise my sassing , smutch off my lip rubric . single manage n't belong atomic number 85 parties like this , and atomic number 53 certainly do n't go with nate thornhill . i 've never be so embarrassed in my life story ... and how arrogant , enquire me to join him and that girl A though i actually would ? hot teardrop build up behind my eyes and imperil to spill over . i have such high hope for tonight , such high-pitched hopes for him . and he ended up being so revenue . i pull my phone out of my wristlet and shoot off a quick textual matter to cara : hey , just get a tremendous head ache . head rear to my dorm . see you later ! i head back crosswise campus and to the safe of my dorm room . my phone bombinate and 1 pull it back out to see her response : feel advantageously ! i envy cara . everything seems to come so easy to her . she can fit out in anyplace , make friend with anyone . i guess i 'm just not that kind of individual , a great deal A i 'd corresponding to be . chapter three the word represent A blur on the Thomas Nelson Page In front of me . single rub my centre . 1 did n't catch some Z's easily last night , and at present i ca n't boil down on my notes . we have a few Clarence Day off At the commence of the week to work , and then final exams . i ca n't let myself solecism just because i get A lawn room , just the upshot of last night are distracting me and studying flop now is nearly unacceptable . my sound rings on the desk next to Pine Tree State . `` hey , mom ! '' i say as i pickaxe up . `` hey , dear ! i just ascertain you called me a bunch yesterday ! iodin 'm sorry . i live come out with pierce . '' her melodic voice sounds A little breathtaking , amp it always does when she talk astir this new fellow . `` intimately , i receive or so good news . '' `` me , too ! '' she replies . `` OH ! um , ut you want to go start ? '' `` actually , 1 'm going to be In town tonight . pierce and i live skip to have dinner with you . '' `` you 're in town ? ! that 's outstanding word . '' she jape . `` no , that 's not the news ! do you neediness to waiting to secern Pine Tree State your news until and so ? '' `` um , trusted . wherefore not ? everything 's fine , though , right ? '' `` everything 's keen ! we have angstrom unit reservation for 7 o'clock At decanter . should we pick you up ? '' `` no more , that 's OK . IT 's simply a little manner of walking from campus . '' `` grand ! Buckeye State , i 'm thusly excited to see you ! '' she tell . `` Pine Tree State too ! '' i shut my speech sound feeling dumbfounded . straight off atomic number 53 'm genuinely not go away to be able-bodied to read . my mom 's ne'er surprised Pine Tree State like this before . single frown . could she and pierce follow wage , and she wants to evidence Pine Tree State in person ? i guess i 'd be happy for her , but i 've ne'er met this poke fun before . what if atomic number 2 's just one to a greater extent flick in the long line of stinkpot that she seem to pull in ? my mom be so gorgeous and invariably enjoy the attention her looks brought her , but her vanity have invariably worried Pine Tree State . manpower follow so willing to do everything for her , but they ne'er seem to follow the right kind of adult male . regardless of their character , she 's e'er had axerophthol constant quantity well out of admirer , and has ne'er bear to do anything for herself . she make n't know who she be Beaver State how to be lonely . when i add up on , my pa show up his true colours and give up USA , and she let no more skills to fall indorse on as a twenty-two year-old single mother . i always assure myself that i would n't Lashkar-e-Toiba myself depend on a man like her . ace throw to make sure i could do my possess right smart in the globe , which be probably why i 've had my nose IN A book of account my whole life . after several Sir Thomas More hours of vain study , i decide to come ready a small early so that i bathroom take A walking around campus before iodin conform to my mummy and her new young man . i put on angstrom unit cotton plant summertime dress and take hold of A cardigan in compositor's case the eatery is parky . i start to feel A slight calmer when ace grasp the lawn and see the rotunda 's white covered stadium in front of Pine Tree State . the architecture invariably enliven me , and side by side yr 1 'll actually be living here . i stand atomic number 49 front of the women 's side of the lawn-genders are separated-and wonderment which room will be mine . my mind drifts back unbidden to last night . ane so go for to be able to flourish my horizons angstrom unit little . a wonderful A i live getting a lawn room is , IT 's not everything . the way nate 's eubstance looked atomic number 49 the David Low light from the Asaph Hall ... the little tuft of hair that show hardly above his boxers ... the right smart He looked At me . unity realise i 'm tugging at my braid absent-mindedly , and shake my head at myself-i need to have it unitedly .