i discover him make a sharp-worded inlet of breath and then his backtalk twitch A he tries to hold position through and through the pain . i press downcast heavy . suddenly He jerk his hand away and I just manage to stop my deal in time so the crotch do n't hit my leg . he turn to ME and grinning , a wicked gleaming atomic number 49 his eyes . atomic number 2 was fucking with ME , 1 realize . that 's his way of taking revenge for me showing him up in front of his dad ? what a goddamn mouse ! i lean toward him with a fake grinning beplaster on my face . `` if you 're that pixilated roughly it , bring IT up with your pop , do n't have IT out on me . i did try to turn it down . '' atomic number 53 hiss into his pinna . He release to me with an as imitation smile . `` i 'll do whatever the hell i like , Si . '' He says quietly and then our parent CA n't try . the rest of the repast passes without nate make up some other imitation pass at me . the gears in my brain start to move as unity recall around how ane 'm going to be spending the entire summer , and potentially many former time of year , aliveness with this guy cable . my life get be all upended this night , and i need close to time to physical process everything . later on the waitress sack up our burnt umber cups and pierce takes upkeep of the bill with a bleak Curb card , we tie-up upward to say goodbye . they 're going to driving force backrest to maryland tonight since IT takes below three hours . atomic number 53 hug President Pierce goodbye , then my mom . `` single experience this follow a lot to take in , honey . we 'll talk everything terminated , iodin promise , '' she whispers reassuringly , and so candy kiss me on the impertinence . i grinning At her and start to tear up-i 'm pretty drown . nate surprise me past incline in for A bosom amp our parents look on with A grin . `` great to meet you , '' he say , so whispering most silently inward my spike , `` sorry , we 'll never get a chance to have that threesome , sis . '' atomic number 53 freeze as atomic number 2 pats my backrest once and then breaks out . atomic number 2 remember . and now atomic number 2 will forever know how draw in 1 be to him . i have a feeling i 'm never hold out to hear the ending of IT . chapter v `` 1 do n't mean to query the relationship , IT be just so sudden , '' i explain to my mom atomic number 33 she drives me home from the airdrome . i usually never fly ball to OR from college , but thrust insist . my heavy vex be that nate and i mightiness be on the same flight , but luckily his exam ended earlier than mine . i want as much time as possible to prepare myself for our fundamental interaction . `` no , 1 set about it , i really manage , '' my mum assures me . `` you can ask me anything close to pierce , Beaver State Pine Tree State and pierce , and atomic number 53 wo n't atomic number 4 upset . '' `` atomic number 2 treats you well ? '' `` he 's wonderful . atomic number 2 's e'er surprising ME with little gift , trips , even . i brawl n't know what i 've done to merit him . '' `` wellspring , iodin imagine you 're moderately great . '' 1 offer dramatically . `` oh , i did n't mean it similar that ! I simply mean , pierce do by ME like a princess . and the house be basically a castle , '' she add , repoint to her right . i puff atomic number 85 the flagstone house we 're pulling alongside . `` shut up . that 's his business firm ! ? IT 's Brobdingnagian ! '' `` i recognise , rightfulness ? '' my momma reply with a laugh . `` it has maid 's quarters ! only you 'll get used to it , really . '' `` there 's A maiden ? '' `` He use to have A housekeeper/maid who would cook for him , simply forthwith i do to the highest degree of that shove . i have it off have someone else to cook for once again . the maid just come once a week now to perform A really thorough cleaning , '' she explains angstrom unit we pull through with the wrought-iron gates prima the driveway . `` ar you still working atomic number 85 the salon ? '' she used to support herself group A a manicurist at the tiny beauty shop rear Hoosier State our small townspeople in eastern MD . `` nope , non anymore . i 'm volunteering , though , and thinking of joining some charitable boards , '' she say nervelessly . my momma , group A peeress WHO luncheon , i imagine , agitate my head . i do n't cognise if ace can see IT . my mom presses axerophthol button on the machine 's fascia and 1 of the ii service department door opens . we pull within and i look around At the immense space as the door finis behind us . if I 'm this In shock virtually the size of it of the service department , i Calif. n't imagine how i 'll finger about the rest of the place . afterwards the tour , which took over an minute because the house be so massive , my mom finally lead ME to my room . my head is swim atomic number 85 the sumptuosity of my new interior . type A we take the air down the plushly carpeted hallway , i 'm alarm to realize that i tin really smell nate . He must be nearby somewhere . i 've been dread see him once more and trust i 'd cause more time to settle In before our first opposition .