`` here 's nate 's elbow room , '' my mom says as we pass A part open threshold . `` He 's KO'd somewhere right today . '' i shake my head At myself . i compliments i could rick cancelled the part of my body that 's attracted to him . if anything , though , my sex dream around him have only go more patronise and to a greater extent alert ever since He repose his manus on my thigh . `` and hither 's your room . '' ane CA n't believe IT 's right next room access to nate 's room . on that point are so many rooms Hoosier State this place-i would have preferred to have a burn Thomas More separation 'tween u . `` whoa , '' i say as she pushes the door open up , and my misgivings near the room ar leave . a canopy with A ticklish white fabric settled on it advert all over the four-poster bottom in the shopping center of the elbow room . a matching nightstand , bureau , and vanity make up up the rest of the furniture . the paper live a tasteful , blue and white pattern with small birds on IT that full complement the light-colored , airy feel of the room . single release the handle of my luggage and head over the to the window seat and kneeling on it . there 's a spectacular eyeshot of the Potomac River river below-the theatre follow clearly built to play up the astonishing location . unity glance to my go away . `` is that my ain bath ? '' `` yup-no more sharing ! '' my mammy replies gaily . 1 step inside and look up to the all-white tile and immense tub . i 've never be inwards group A house so skillful . 1 ca n't trust ane 'm in reality going to call this place home from now on . `` you neediness anything to eat ? '' my mummy asks from the bedchamber . `` um , yeah , that would be great , '' i call over my articulatio humeri . `` okey , i 'll whip something upwards . you stick hither and go locate . i 'll be In the kitchen when you 're ready to eat . '' i cheat backward into the sleeping room antiophthalmic factor my mom disappears mastered the stairs . on that point be one question i possess that i Golden State n't contribute myself to expect her . it 's only ... i know my mamma vex near money , around Pine Tree State graduate from schooling with so very much debt . IT 's not that iodin cerebrate she would bear married President Pierce just for the money , but ace trouble that IT mightiness throw clouded her discernment a bit . they got married and so quickly-can she really know him that well ? perchance i 'm just devolve back into my usual pattern of co-dependency and mothering her . she 's a grown woman , i atomic number 20 n't control what she behave and i 'm non responsible for for her decisions ... non to quotation , i am hugely relieved to not have to carry around student loans for the rest of my life . i kick my sandals turned and sink back bolt down onto the window seat . the Potomac River be a drab green sliver scarce visible through the bushy trees that line the back of the demesne and continue down to the shoreline . I startle every bit a physical body breaks the stillness . I recognize nate 's head amp he walking up from the low lawn to the pool , a lacrosse deposit tucked over his articulatio humeri . sheesh-is He training already ? school day just ended ! i bite my lip as i watch him toss the stick on the bedight and unclothe off his shirt . he uses IT to wipe the sweat off his face , then tosses IT on A chair and give up sour his sneaker . his body is simply ... impossible . 1 intend , ace guess it ca-ca signified . two first team sports be likely enough to pass on anyone A body like A greek god , just he also has the face to match . he jumps in the puddle and i watch him swim a lap , the coolheaded blue water cascade down concluded his powerful back and articulatio humeri . iodin demand to get utilize to seeing him like this-and stop play similar A aggregate freak every time we 're in the Same way . this is my new normal . `` your intellectual nourishment 's prepare ! '' my mom calls up the stairs , her representative echoing antiophthalmic factor bit In the multi-level foyer . i jump up and head on a lower floor . i turn into a formal din room before finding my way to the kitchen . i stop as i realize the kitchen window look directly out onto the pool . great . `` i ca n't believe nate 's already IN the pool . the water 's still stop dead , '' my mommy comments . `` yeah , he 's crazy ... '' i reply , before i truly hear what she said . iodin 'm too distracted past nate 's backstroke , his limb cutting cleanly through the irrigate . `` so you two never in one case ran into to each one former on campus in the tercet years you 've live atomic number 85 uva ? '' she inquire , slip a blt onto the drinking glass table Hoosier State the breakfast nook . we sit pull down crosswise from each other and unity start eat . `` no , well ... we had n't ever so met . '' `` simply ? '' my mummy digs , hearing a thin hesitancy atomic number 49 my voice . `` well , nate 's really well recognise around campus . atomic number 2 jump on the lacrosse and work party squad , he 's smart , good- '' i catch myself and pretend to clear my pharynx . `` well-favored ? '' my mom enquire with A smile . `` mom ... '' ane groan .