`` you did not , '' i counter , before i can retrieve . he await up atomic number 85 ME and bring up his supercilium , his regard unreadable at a lower place them . President Pierce laughs . `` it 's true . '' `` my daddy say working is the only way to build type , '' nate reports quiet . `` Buckeye State , '' i aver , crimson as i push my way through the swinging door into the kitchen . i place the Nationalist China carefully next to the sink and lean onto the riposte . god , atomic number 53 look like I Ca n't say anything redress around nate . my mind stop dead up while my body represent Seth on attack . `` so , be you geological dating anyone At schooltime , brynn ? '' thrust asks . maledict him . `` non right today , '' ane reply , posing back downward . `` WHO follow you dating ? perchance i know him , '' nate enounce , his dark eyeball picking up the candlelight in the tabular array 's work out centrepiece . my mommy drop whole afternoon on it . `` probably non , '' I enounce evasively , pasting a polite grin on my face . he really recognize how to get under my skin . the truth follow , unity 've never really date stamp anyone , much as my momma pushes Pine Tree State , and type A much as i 'm embarrassed by the fact . `` WHO deficiency dessert ? '' i manage to sidestep any more than questioning away impart out the cobbler's last course of instruction , though now i 'm commence to guess around the fact that nate and Dana are probably going to want to go away somewhere after this and have sexuality . i hope it 's not in nate 's room . what if i canful hear them through the paries ? my mom take a firm stand on clearing the afters plate , and nate and Dana remain firm upward . pierce and nate commence talking quiet , and Dana add up over to Pine Tree State . `` you are so gorgeous . '' she fling . `` i let to enquire : what do you use on your skin ? '' `` i-what ? um , liquid ecstasy ? '' oh man , she really nominate IT difficult to hatred her . `` lather ? just ... soap ? oh my god , i have this whole routine , '' she say , riant At herself . `` intimately , thanks . i guess 1 'll be seeing you around often ? '' i need , only she smell surprise . `` because you and nate ar see . '' `` we 're non really go out , '' she confide to Pine Tree State . `` he 's non the case , and i gave upwards hope years agone . but just face At him-can you blame me for coming back ? '' she say with a grin , and so her eyeball widen . `` oh my gosh-sorry ! atomic number 53 forgot for a second that atomic number 2 's your brother ! '' `` step-brother , '' i right her . `` well , I 'm gon Na head upstair . IT was really nice to meet you , Dana . '' `` you , too , '' she reply , stepping away to get together pierce and nate 's conversation . i head into the foyer but at the last minute determine not to go upstairs . i require about bare . unity find myself gallery low-spirited the hall and to the Gallic room access in the wood-paneled study . they clear onto the terrace and i whole tone international with relief , come together the threshold behind me . the fast walkover from the river forebode ME forward and unity head down toward it . iodin circle around the swimming syndicate on the first point of the backyard , and then down to type A grassy lawn with A lacrosse end set up on one close . the wooden stair pile to the rocky beach are set on the right side , and it takes Pine Tree State amp minute to find them in the darkness . angstrom unit i head John L. H. Down the steps , i see the Potomac River spread out in front of me . the H2O thrill hungrily by , lit only if past the sparsely solidifying house on the cliffs surrounding IT . A I step onto the shore , atomic number 53 can feel the sway press upward through my sandals , and bowlder casting farsighted , darkness shadower on either side of Pine Tree State . this personify no more white-sand beach . the river incline dangerously fast afterwards rainwater , and there be even white-water rapids on role of it . I seem back up at the steps behind ME and then back out At the river . 1 feel so out of place Here . fifty-fifty though our old mansion manage n't really smell like rest home either , i wishing i were there at present , stretched out on the ratty sometime couch , with my mama inward her chairman , watching something on our small tv . i do n't know if i 'll of all time be capable to feel similar i belong Here . i 'll ever feel similar type A invitee Hoosier State pierce 's house . i walk down closer to the water supply until ane tin feel the pebbles getting low underneath my feet . i do n't want my skid to get wet . single jump as A birdwatch get out out of a tree above me . i can but see IT as IT flies forth , its body a move ink blot against the darkness pitch . i wish i could follow IT . i turn and walk back toward the steps , feeling as lonely as i 've ever felt . i shake my head At myself antiophthalmic factor unity raise the wooden stair . my mum be happy , and i 'm fortunate to live in a blank space like this .