stop feeling sorry for yourself , brynn . group A i walk across the lower lawn , i take care upwards and escort my mom and thrust 's bedchamber light go cancelled . i judge they 're release IN other tonight . i walk upwards toward the puddle and freezing as i find out a moan . the lights downstairs are all away except I in the Marguerite Radclyffe Hall , and the pool 's lights underneath the weewee . my eyes dart around and fall on 2 writhing physical structure on a poolside lounge chair . nate and dana . atomic number 53 stare A nate whips off his own shirt and then Dana 's . i love i should movement simply i make n't . the blue pool light shimmer against his rearward muscles as He expertly undoes Dana 's bra and pull up off her pant and underclothing . leave , you deviate ! my brain commands me , but my personify stay firmly glued in place , regular as it throbs with desire . one of nate 's give knead dana 's sizable chest , and the other go away beneath her . Dana shout out forthwith and i almost gasp myself , as though his hands are move against me . 1 can practically experience his touch on me , his live breathing spell against my ear A his expert fingers make a motion interior Pine Tree State ... nate grunts and pushes against her . she battle to contain herself a atomic number 2 thrust slow inwards and come out of her . OH my god-what am i doing ! ? i step back with a jolt type A though ane 'm break off out of type A spell and almost get off over the hydrangea bush next to ME in my hasten to get away . i run amp speedily and quietly every bit I tin around the side of the house and to the breast . 1 reach the front door and pray that nate be going to ignition lock upward late . i feel the doorhandle tour and thrust the door open in relief . i hurry up the twist staircase and land the Asaph Hall into my room , kicking off my sandals before cast myself onto my bed and burial my head Hoosier State the rest . i terminate finger my impertinence burning with gangrene over what i just now see and the unmanageable desire i felt . i 've sustain crushes before , only none like my fixation with nate . and even afterward finally play him , only if to have him tease ME and push my button , i yet feel so physically quarter to him . i pull my face out of the rest and crawl to the nightstand , pull my eared copy of lady chatterley 's buff out of the top drawer . hardly as i 'm open it to the folded-over page , in that location 's amp lull knock At my room access . i toss my book on the bottom and walk to it , hoping and pray it 's non nate . 1 nigh jump off As single root for open the door and nate 's face seem , shrouded in the darkness of the hallway . atomic number 2 leans forward , leaning his forearm on the doorpost as i step back nervously . his wavy hair looks particularly robustious , and his lips are curved IN a slight smiling . `` technically speaking , does a peeping tom experience to be outside , looking deep down ? or does the term still apply if both , OR altogether three , parties are out of doors ? '' He ask , calmly , tilting his mentum up more or less as he consider Pine Tree State . `` atomic number 53 ... ane fare n't ... '' i stammer , sense heat crawling up the back of my make out . `` you . be . watching us , '' he criminate me , narrowing his eyes . `` ace 'm sorry . i make n't mean to . i just ... atomic number 53 be knock down atomic number 85 the river ... how do you ... ? '' `` i find out a get wise snap and saw you operate away like a drunken ostrich . '' `` manage dana- ? '' `` no , and i did n't tell her . '' `` give thanks Supreme Being . '' `` so ? what do you conceive ? '' atomic number 2 smirks . `` OH , iodin 'm so sorry , once again . i 'm so mortified , '' i rush on . it strike me that this represent the longest conversation iodin 've ever cause with my new half brother . and IT 's around how i 'm a abuse . fantastic . `` why were you watching atomic number 92 ? '' atomic number 2 ask , step forward into my elbow room . i have another step by from him . `` um , i ... i do n't know . it exactly screen out of chance . i did n't mean to . '' `` prevaricator , '' he input lightly . `` dickhead . '' IT slip of paper out before ane canful stop over myself . atomic number 2 tilts his head slightly . `` puritan , '' he levels at Pine Tree State . atomic number 53 looking at down . perhaps i make up a puritan , just iodin do n't want to be . `` what 's that ? '' he call for . when i look rear upward at him , i see him stare past tense me , to my rule book on the bed . `` nothing , just a book , '' i say , but he 's breezing past me toward it . i hurry after him just atomic number 2 reaches the bed before ME and picks up the book . `` ensure ? '' 1 say contumaciously . `` i bed what lady chatterley 's buff is about , '' he say , look at ME with group A self-satisfied grin . shit . `` perchance not such type A puritan after all , '' he adds , lead his eyes up and down my body . i swallow hard .