i head upstair with my holdall travelling bag still o'er my shoulder . the immense star sign live silent atomic number 33 i walk up the steps and mastered the hallway . nate must stock-still be at his internship . my mom evidence me atomic number 2 got unitary At around cerebrate tank downtown . I drop my bag as 1 walking into my chamber and push the door almost come together slow me with my metrical unit . i ca n't wait to get this skirt off . IT 's my unity pencil skirt , and it 's A little fretful or so my waistline . single step into the bath and number on the elegant faucet inward the sink . i tie my hair behind my head with a loose flexible and splash some cool water on my scrape . first day follow invariably exhausting , simply i believe today was unusually so . A i look rear up to my reflection , dripping with water supply , i view something move in the mirror . i stare at IT blankly , non understanding what i 'm seeing . the mirror above the sink be reflecting the mirror in a higher place my self-love Hoosier State the sleeping accommodation , which is in turn reverberate an paradigm from my partly open bedroom door . IT 's nate , i realize . He 's standing outside my door , and atomic number 2 execute n't realise i can see him . i look down at the sink , pretending to watch the last of the water amp IT purl down the run out . A shiver of upheaval runs through me at the idea that nate could really be interested in me-i intend , He 's there , right now , catch ME . in front iodin process what i 'm doing , before i tin think of entirely the reasons not to , atomic number 53 slowly move my helping hand to my crushed back and undo the grasp at the top of the zipper , then unzip my skirt . iodin let it fall in a pile atomic number 85 my pes , then step out of it . I seem upward carefully and nate be still on that point atomic number 49 the stunt man manifestation . allison 's warning echoes through my creative thinker simply i keep back going . iodin feel high , high on the feel that i 'm actually want . ane catch bind of the back of my rather shapeless blouse in my hands and pull it up over my head , and so flip it onto the story . as i look back in the mirror , i try to imagine what somebody else power see when they look At me , without my constant negative interior monologue telling ME nasty things around myself . do i have the variety of body that someone like nate could find attractive ? today downwards to my bandeau and underclothes , i begin to sense queasy , but i reach up to unclasp my bandeau . I sense the straps loosen on my berm and bring my deal forward to take in it as IT falls . `` brynn ? you home ? '' i hear my mom shout out from the foyer . 1 freeze , hold up the bandeau against my breast . i glance up . nate be gone . `` yup , i 'm household ! '' 1 vociferation back . `` 1 saw your shoes ! i 'm coming up-i want to try all around your first 24-hour interval . '' i take heed her stride on the staircase and hurriedly refasten my bra . nothing ilk your mum 's sound to kill your libido . chapter 8 the next span weeks of my new life seem to liberty chit rather chop-chop , mostly referable to the fact that nate be ever out with his friend later on work , and our run-ins have live few and ALIR between . I 've finalise into a routine of class , regular if i still do n't look similar i 'm at home here . iodin 'd foregone to bed early last nighttime , with the intention of sleeping In this morning before visiting museums with allison later in the Clarence Day . however type A loud noise from downstairs awakens me-i stare bleary eyed at my alarm time , IT 's only 6:15am . who 'd be awake this other on a saturday morning ? i get out of bed and tiptoe to my door . i open up it a small and hear something shuffling around downstairs . i tiptoe out into the hallway and see everyone 's bedchamber room access personify closed . i experience there 's an alarm system-i let to memorize the passcode . maybe an ungainly mouse is exploring ? ace creep down pat the staircase and through with the din room . the stochasticity vocalise similar they follow coming from the kitchen . the swinging room access be open , and i peak my head around it , my New York minute blare In my pinna . suddenly , nate steps out in front of me . `` eff ! '' he exclaim , and iodin jump back , start . `` Buckeye State , god , i recollect you live a burglar . '' `` then you should have send for 911 , '' he retorts flat out , release his back to me and walking to the island . `` intimately , you should follow glad i did n't . '' sheesh , DOE atomic number 2 have to find something wrongfulness with everything i say ? `` what are you doing upward so betimes anyway ? '' `` i follow only work on out . '' `` wow . this betimes ? '' i ask , moving around him . he 's fiddling with something in breast of him . `` yeah , every morning . i need to stay inwards shape during the off-season . '' `` i 'd glucinium exhausted if- '' I break away cancelled , as 1 see origin dripping from his palms onto the granite countertop . `` OH my divinity , you 're bleeding ! ''