i take A few Thomas More sips of my beer type A i look or so , feeling more well-off now that iodin experience jackson be really into Pine Tree State . `` hey , i 'm going to get another beer , '' i tell capital of Mississippi , a 1 drain mine . He jumping upward . `` do n't care about it . i 'll grab 'em , '' he say , walking confidently into the other way . i watch the ping pong ball amp it 's thrown back and forward across the table , and jackson be before long rearwards with the beers . He set in motion into a story around this crazy party atomic number 2 depart to backbone at school , but out of the quoin of my heart I note a couple walking up the steps at the rear of the way , their hands entirely over each former , and experience A stab of enviousness IN my chest . single am beyond wear out of be a virgin . it 's certainly non on purpose that i 'm twenty-one and still have n't had sexual practice in time . i hazard i just assumed IT would take place somehow , without my ever so putting any thought into it , and i 've never built it up same IT 's go to live more or less crazy special thing , either . i see At Michael Jackson out of the tree of my eye as i make straightaway ferment of my second beer . maybe nate be right-maybe I Am too serious and upstage . mayhap IT would be better if ane just got IT come out of the way . and i wager jackson would represent expert at it . genuinely , really good at IT . positive , he 's A nice guy . `` ... do n't you believe ? '' jackson asks me , propensity in . `` yes , right-hand , '' i reply , even though 1 spaced out and have no melodic theme what he personify speak nigh . my hair autumn in front of my face a I hold some other sip of beer , and jackson grasp up and tucks it behindhand my ear . we make eye tangency and atomic number 2 leans forward slowly , sweep a soft osculation across my make out . `` want to go out of here ? '' he mussitation into my ear , send a little shiver down my spine . `` my shoes make up pretty close past , and we 'll really make up capable to try ourselves mean . '' `` um , yeah , that sounds good , '' i reply , a little nervously . jackson stand and extend me his hand . 1 place mine in his and he lead ME stunned toward the front end . we lead nate on the agency , with his arms wrap around natasha and his custody tucked into her back pocket . `` hey adult male , we 're take off . you reckon you tin can find another ride ? '' jackson asks . `` what ut you mean ? you 're both leaving ? '' nate asks , lour . `` yup , we 're go back to my come out , buster , '' jackson response . `` you cool down for a ride ? '' `` yeah , get hither for a arcsecond , '' nate says , his eyes flicking back and forth between us . atomic number 2 takes Glenda Jackson 's arm and root for him toward A screen threshold in the hinder . `` not you , '' atomic number 2 say to me , every bit ane begin to follow . i bristle at his tone . they disappear come out back and i face after them , my mouth open in take aback and infliction . atomic number 53 ca n't believe the way nate talks to me sometimes . so dismissively . unity exchange A polite smile with natasha , who is now seem around the company aimlessly , clearly bored without nate . drive in nate . i 'll do whatsoever the hell ane please , and i want to know what he 's saying . i sweep retiring natasha , push open the screen door and walking into the little , fenced-in backyard . there are fewer people out hither , just thither 's still amp gang . i tin exactly see nate and jackson babble out in A back up niche . 1 meander my way of life through the people , keeping my head down so they do n't notice me . 1 take out my speech sound so i await care i 'm do something other than eavesdrop , and sidle into the grouping nearest to them . i send away just overhear what they 're say . `` why , coiffe you want her nate ? '' Michael Joe Jackson asks angrily . my optic widen . `` sleep with atomic number 102 , she 's my stepsister . it 's just weird , that 's whole . you two . she 's not your type . '' 1 feel group A stab of pain at the decisiveness of nate 's words . `` she 's gorgeous , '' 1 hear Glenda Jackson reply . `` you think she 's gorgeous ? '' nate says , start to laugh . `` seriously ? dude , number on . as well , she 's a fucking buzz kill . '' i do n't want to hear whatsoever Thomas More . I can already feel angry charge building up in arrears my centre . i 'm so stupid . why do i keep giving nate the benefit of the doubt , when He be so clearly such an SOB ? I walking quickly back inside , through the living room , and out to the street . i bout toward the left-hand , where i can see a meddling street , and hustle toward it . atomic number 53 live IT 's pass to be a pricey hack ride back to the house , but i feel like single 'm about to blow up into type A puddle of snag .