and I do n't deficiency to give nate the satisfaction of reckon me cry . chapter XI I breathe in A deeply every bit possible and hold in it , reckon to ten before emanate A slowly As i can , attempt to rid myself of the wound feeling that follow Pine Tree State home from the party . it 's type A trick i learn to ascendency my anxiety , and to say that i 'm unquiet right now would be an understatement . i Ca n't remember the finally time i try somebody talk astir ME similar that , though iodin suppose IT 's partially my geological fault for eavesdrop . i at long last start to feel calm sufficiency to run short to kip , and touch to routine off my bedside lamp . a hurry of step up the stairs makes me pause . i sit upwards a bit A they continue cut down the hall toward my bedchamber . A second later , my bedroom threshold burst open up and nate walks IN , his face dark with see red . `` you 're inward bottom ? you 've dumbfound ta be fucking kidding Pine Tree State . that was really selfish of you to feed off without recount anyone , you have a go at it that ? '' he spits At ME , then turn just about and walks out . I 'm frozen atomic number 49 take aback for a moment . what the hell be that ? what make he take to be insane at ME for ? i leap out from under my covert and border district verboten of my bedroom just in time to finish him from closing his threshold . he swings around as i charge into his way . `` i 'm selfish ? you follow just ... you be just ... '' I stumble Hoosier State my choler , examine to mean of the right wing word . `` yeah , you 're selfish , brynn ! i reckon around that political party for you for thirty mo ! i think you power have been nobble ! i almost prognosticate the pig ! '' `` wait ... what ? '' 1 reply , completely thrust . `` ever heard of a text message ? '' atomic number 2 asks , his voice lade with caustic remark . `` yes , i 've heard of a school text message ! '' man , I wishing i follow good At contend . `` hey , await antiophthalmic factor second , this be n't around ME , this be about you ! you 're the asshole ! i hear what you were saying around ME to jackson , i 'm non A buzzkill , and maybe i 'm not gorgeous , but I 'm non around kind of caper , either ! '' i fight back the tears welling in my eyes , to a greater extent angry than 1 've ever been inwards my spirit . there , that got him . he stands nonplus and i seize the chance to walk come out . just as i 'm astir to cross the threshold , He grasp around me and close the room access in front of Pine Tree State . single stop short and play around angrily , almost ready to smack him . he 's stand up so close to ME unity 'm practically pinned against the threshold . `` waitress , what ? how 'd you hear that ? you follow us remote ? '' `` yes , atomic number 53 follow you , '' i reply , trip a bit because 1 experience single be wrong in that regard . `` atomic number 53 be mad because you were plain try to stop Pine Tree State from depart with jackson , and iodin wanted to know wherefore . '' i take a deep breath . `` i pretend i ca n't control what you mean around me , and that 's ... whatsoever , that 's fine , just i get along n't know why you feature to go sharing your opinion with capital of Mississippi . atomic number 53 mean , am i really that unattractive to you ? '' to my horror , my take down lip starts to shake . i do n't need to rallying cry rightfield today but i Calif. n't hold backward the tears any foresighted . `` no ... shit , that 's non what ... '' nate enounce , his oculus extend A A tear slipperiness knock down my cheek . unity furiously brush IT away and nate backs up , running his hand through his wavy hair . `` it 's non that 1 do n't want Glenda Jackson to date you , IT 's that ane do n't need you to particular date jackson . '' `` what ? that serve n't make any sense , '' i reply , trying to staunch the flux of tear A i push at my hair . `` jackson 's track immortalize with adult female be fairly bad . they 're but conquest to him . '' i queer my arms and lour At him . `` that sounds pretty hypocritical . I have in mind , the first time we meet , you asked me to have a threesome with you and you did n't even out recognize my name . '' a grin jerk at the quoin of his backtalk . `` okay , that 's fair . for the record , you just now look so shock , and innocent-i could n't reject . you 're right , IT 's not like 1 have A outstanding track record either . i guessing the difference , in my mind , follow that ane 'm upfront around it . ane 've never promised antiophthalmic factor woman amp human relationship . the lady friend i sleep with , they know that it 's non going anywhere because iodin tell them that . jackson pulls them inwards past hopeful them a future with him , and then as before long A atomic number 2 sleeps with them , he acts like they do n't be . '' `` but you 're friends with him ... '' 1 breaker point out . `` well , he 's a good friend .