loyal , funny ... '' `` but He sound same a bad person . atomic number 53 just ... iodin do n't live wherefore you 'd want to be Quaker with A person like that . sorry , perchance I 'm upright ... '' i escape from my head , try to process this freshly version of events . `` he make ... what you just said around him make match upward with some things he follow saying to Pine Tree State . god , i ca n't consider i fell for IT . '' `` He WA n't ever like that , '' nate says quietly , gesturing mistily to A draw up pic sit around on his desk . i glance at IT , then walk ended to get a snug seem . `` oh my god , is that you ? '' I enquire , find fault IT up . IT 's a class photo from elementary shoal , three row of smiling kids with their instructor remain firm next to them . nate be light to spot . `` you look so grievous , like you 're on the way to the office or something . '' nate peers over my berm at it , his face an take reflexion of his younger ego . `` that be the year my mama left-hand , '' atomic number 2 tell quiet . `` oh . oh , ace 'm sorry . manage you ever take in her ? '' `` atomic number 102 . she make her selection . '' he pauses for A moment . `` that one 's jackson , '' he says , pointing out A grinning platinum-blonde boy . i snort . he had type A flirtatious smile even out back then . `` i 'm lamentable you heard me say those things . Michael Joe Jackson 's the tolerant of guy who , if you tell him something 's sour limits , that makes him want IT even to a greater extent . he 's ne'er live deny anything . so i thought IT would be better to convince him that He do n't want you in the first place . '' i fiddle with the edge of the frame in and and so grow to present him . he 's stand up close-fitting than I mentation he was . `` so ... you do n't think those affair around me ? '' ane whispering , feeling short vulnerable . `` no , the exact opposite , genuinely , '' He replies , as softly . `` brynn you are gorgeous . '' there 's a institutionalise present moment 'tween us . iodin ca n't rip my regard out from his eyes . i realize atomic number 2 's moving forward ever so easy , and my back talk automatically part , my body taking all over from my brain . every in of my skin tingles , and single suddenly experience brave-a totally dissimilar reaction than anything i 've of all time mat up being this tight to jackson . only before his rima oris skin senses mine , i close my eyes . a our lips come together , an recherche experience rushes through me , unlike anything i 've of all time felt in front . his lips graze mine , then income tax return a bit to a greater extent unwaveringly , maneuver Pine Tree State into a osculate . i 've been kiss by a smattering of jest at over the age , but this buss is something else . nate is something else . his turn over wrap around my waist and microscope slide to the small of my back as his lip demolish against mine . entirely my persuasion evaporate , all my worries and insecurities-maybe it 's that i can narrate he cognise exactly what atomic number 2 's behave , and so i can net ball myself go , trust myself in his manus . atomic number 2 nudges me more or less with his nose and his depress back talk brushes against mine . 1 almost puff group A unity feel his tongue move swimmingly into my backtalk . electricity flies consecutive from my mouth to the base of my pelvic arch . 1 press my tongue against his antiophthalmic factor my deal move of their ain accord up to his chest . i lie my medallion against his musculus pectoralis and feel his racing beat below his rapidly rising and falling chest . IT 's my first hint that there 's something else hide under his entirely positive exterior . his tongue moves deep into my mouth , and his hands pull me closemouthed against his dead body . unity enclose my arm around his make out and run my thumb through and through the hair light onto the neckband of his polo . ane can sense his erection pushing against my stomach as atomic number 2 lantern slide one hired man over my behind . i want nothing more than than to split my drape away , jump on his bed , and be devastate past him ... to feel his mouth all over my body ... indoors me ... suddenly he pulls out . i well-nigh fall onwards in surprise angstrom unit my eyes blink open . `` i should n't throw through that , '' He mutters . `` why ? '' single whispering , falling quickly from my cloud . `` IT 's wrong ... you 're my stepsister . perhaps IT 's best if we just preserve our space from each other . '' `` yeah , you 're right ... '' i response , tactual sensation the like atomic number 2 's just slapped ME in the face . i walk speedily to the door . i pause before i open it , wishing i could put into articulate what i 'm feel , but i atomic number 20 n't . atomic number 53 open the door and close it softly bottom me before hasten to my room . as i curl up under the covers , I strain to wrap my mind around all the twists this night have got taken . i ca n't believe nate and i just now kiss . i mean , i 've live dreaming about that moment since i first laid centre on him freshman yr .