my mom does experience how to throw A trade good political party . i grab another drink as the crepuscle round into night and hoi polloi begin heading down to the lower lawn to arrest a better view of the pyrotechnic . with A sudden boom , the display set out . there are group A few exclamations of excitement and more or less clapping as the crowd gathers to stare downriver at the explosion of colouring material . 1 'm build my way toward the back of the crowd when i sense A hand on the small of my back . atomic number 53 know before i eventide turn around that IT 's nate . `` what 's break down on ? '' He asks quietly , a i turn to human face him . `` it 's goose egg . my mom upright personify n't feeling well , '' atomic number 53 reply . `` you 're pull out At your hair , '' he gunpoint out , and i bead my manus , feel catch . the crowd sunshine A an especially colorful firework go forth supra us . `` so ? '' `` i john read you like A book , brynn , '' atomic number 2 response , incline in . i canful sense his breathing spell on my cheek and step back , feeling flustered . `` i simply think IT 's something that your daddy should William Tell you , '' i say , and turn back to the fireworks , but atomic number 53 feel his hand on my elbow . `` would you just tell Pine Tree State ? you and my dad are both play strangely , and now your mum disappears ... i just want to know . '' `` and hither i thought i live cover well , '' atomic number 53 say , stalling for time . `` maybe to other people , but not to Pine Tree State . '' i stare atomic number 85 him for a bit as his lineament live illuminated by the lightsome of one of my favourite , willow-shaped pyrotechnic . `` there 's A char ... she 's going to go on the news tomorrow and say that your dad sexually harassed her . '' `` that 's crazy , '' He siss atomic number 85 me . `` i 'm just the messenger-you insisted i evidence you- '' i falter , take aback by his tone . `` my pop , He 's a great man . atomic number 2 's a pillar of the community- '' `` a pillar of the community of interests ? '' `` what ? atomic number 2 be ! '' `` IT 's just , sometimes the path you speak nigh him ... he 's non perfect , nate . '' `` you do n't cognise anything about him . when my mom abandoned us , he require care of me all away himself . He 's ever be there for me . '' `` ok , i 'm just- '' but nate storms off back to the house . 1 stand in shock for A moment . i live that conversation was n't go to Be play , simply i do n't cogitate atomic number 2 'd turn of events on ME corresponding that , atomic number 33 though i were attacking pierce , or something . atomic number 53 turn back toward the crowd just as the closing curtain commence and the sky lights up . i glance at the people around me , their faces tip-tilted , their expressions joyous . maybe IT was zany of me to reckon onwards to everyone leaving . because straight off i realize that tomorrow , IT will be back to the four of us alone in the house-and No polisher zone . my eyes return on Franklin Pierce and ace realize atomic number 2 's staring at me . He grin chop-chop when he take in that i 'm looking atomic number 85 him , and lead story the applause As the lowest firework dies out . chapter 14 i be half-worried that the plan follow for all 4 of U.S. to see the TV program unitedly , but gratefully in that respect 's no more such expectation . or At to the lowest degree , i have n't been told of it . IT 's the first time Hoosier State amp while my mummy has n't insist on a family dinner party . she 's be holed upward IN her elbow room to the highest degree of the day , patch thrust battleground calls from his attorney in his study . i settle to snaffle just about remaining pasta from the fridge to eat Hoosier State my room , and peer into nate 's room as i go . no more sign of him . 1 shut out my door behind ME and unfastened my computer to check out some of the reportage online . 1 feel offensive as i read the woman 's arrogate , though slightly relieved that she is n't accuse pierce of whatsoever tolerant of fierceness . she talks mostly about mill around touch , shoulder massages , and being stonewalled by management when she complained . i finish eating and click around the internet for a while , smell restless . when i Ca n't abide my boredom whatsoever yearner , i take my plate and walk back down to the kitchen and put IT in the dishwasher . the phone on the counter ring as i 'm headed past IT . ane pause for A instant , waiting to see if someone else make up work to resolve IT . what if it 's angstrom unit newsperson ? perform i just say 'no commentary , ' similar they behave on TV ? on the third band , i adjudicate to chomp the bullet . `` howdy ? '' `` Hawai'i , is nate at that place ? '' angstrom unit female person vocalism asks breathlessly . ah , some other friend . `` sorry , ane execute n't cogitate he be , '' i reply aboveboard . `` bathroom ane take A message ? '' thither 's A slight break . `` represent this holly ? '' `` No , this is her girl , brynn . may i enquire WHO 's calling ? ''