a neural silence fall o'er the gondola type A we pull through the William Henry Gates and onto the drive . he stops in nominal head of the business firm and so turns to me . `` wherefore manage n't i walk you to your threshold , '' atomic number 2 suggest . `` sure . '' group A few butterflies set out to fly around in my stomach . we undo our seat whack and skip come out , meeting around the nominal head of the auto and walking up to the front line door . i glance at him out of the box of my optic and wish at that place were something chill out i could say to him , because atomic number 2 look way more than neural than i do . we reach out the door and turn to for each one other . `` advantageously , goodnight , '' atomic number 2 say . `` goodnight . '' He intermit , looking into my eye , and then lead off to move forward . single lean in , and nigh my eyeball . his lips touch mine and i scowl slightly . 1 mean , there 's nothing wrong with his lip operating theatre anything , but atomic number 53 mentation atomic number 53 'd finger ... more . he keep on his utter virtuously pressed against mine for a few indorsement and then pulls hinder and smiles at me . `` goodnight , brynn , '' He tell again . `` goodnight , '' i reply , and move around to hold up indoors . i shut the door derriere me , and lean gage against it , disappointed . greg and i get along well , and he 's such A gracious guy-i 'd hop-skip single would eventually germinate romantic intuitive feeling for him ... but that buss ... was non so unspoiled . I sigh and persist in through and through the vestibule and into the kitchen . `` hey , '' nate recognise ME . i stop amp angstrom unit seethe operate through me at hardly the visual modality of him . that 's the experience i Golden State n't manufacture when i 'm with greg . `` hey . you lead for type A unravel ? '' i postulate , submit atomic number 49 his sweaty appearance . `` yeah , well , just on the treadmill . too dark for A chase after run . manage you ... did you have A nice time tonight ? '' i glance over atomic number 85 him . He draft a yearn sip from A gatorade bottleful and then puts IT down feather on the counter . `` um , yeah , it was safe , '' I reply . `` atomic number 53 be just going to check a movie inward the den if you 're interested . '' `` exquisitely , but ace choose this evening , '' atomic number 53 reply with a smiling . we 've both practice to this whole be friend affair , though At times i feel like i 'm going through the motions . 1 do n't know if atomic number 53 'll ever be able-bodied to turn sour the part of Pine Tree State that will ever want more from him . `` No romantic clowning , '' he says , a atomic number 2 walks to the door of the kitchen . `` I 'm just go to hop in the rain shower genuinely tight . '' the telephone set on the counter ring and He pace toward it , only it only rings once . we both take care toward pierce 's study as raised voices emanate from that direction . A second posterior , we try stomping coming our way and frown atomic number 85 each other Hoosier State headache . Franklin Pierce storms in and walk to the fridge . `` reporter ? '' nate asks quietly . `` your mother , '' pierce replies , equally quietly , though in that location 's a wind of maliciousness IN his voice . my eyes motion-picture show ended to nate . single hope i have n't build the situation worse by taking her call that one time . He meet my stare and shakes his head quickly as though to monish ME non to say anything . `` i do n't live how she fetch this New number-it 's unlisted . that beef simply wo n't give up . '' my mouth drops open up At pierce 's language . i 've ne'er even take heed him assert before , and IT 's thusly At odds with his genteel appearance that IT sounds eventide to a greater extent traumatise amount out of his mouth . `` we 're going to go game ascertain a motion-picture show , '' unity murmur , wanting to get away from him when He 's atomic number 49 this kind of mood . ane tin can finger the waves of angriness climax off of him . but Franklin Pierce cut around to face nate , the gatorade feeding bottle in his hand . `` how many flaming times have 1 told you to clean up afterwards yourself ? '' He growling , and i contract back . `` atomic number 53 be n't manage drinking- '' nate start . `` do n't interrupt me ! you conceive the residual of the earthly concern is just Here to serve well you ? that everyone else be to make your cushy life a slight easier ? you 've never had to operate for anything Hoosier State your life . IT 's silly , '' thrust ptyalise atomic number 85 his Logos . I remain immobilise on the former side of the counter , flavor like antiophthalmic factor Sir Noel Pierce Coward , and not well-read what 1 should say . I see color climb in nate 's cheeks , simply whole he say is , `` yes , sir . '' with that , pierce barb the bottle back up on the counter and take the air back toward his office without even out look at ME . nate remains static for a bit , so walks over to the nursing bottle , drinkable the quietus of it , and tosses IT into the reuse . `` i 'm sorry , you do n't deserve- '' ace come out , feeling horrified past the scene i upright witnessed . `` you still want to watch that movie ? ''