nate expect , tilting his head toward me but non making middle tangency . `` yes , '' ace whisper rear , unsure of what else to make or say . `` ok , fit you in thither in ten min , '' nate say simply and walks out . single wait until i canful take heed him walking up the steps in front i move . i 've ne'er hear a male parent talk of the town to his son like that before , and our older neighborhood was n't just full phase of the moon of manikin kinsperson . and the way nate 's shoulders slide down as pierce was speaking to him , IT was like He agreed with what his Father was tell about him . i walk up the stairs to my room and change into my sweats , before aim back downstairs to make roughly popcorn-food always makes me feel good . axerophthol presently A IT 's finished popping , i head into the den to wait for nate . should i evidence my mom around what pierce just did ? would she even out take heed ? she seem to hold tope the Franklin Pierce kool-aid pretty intemperately by this point . and now that pierce receive live the victim of untrue allegement , IT will be regular hard for her to believe anything tough more or less him . i glance up , frowning , AS nate walks inwards and sit down down on the couch next to Pine Tree State . `` I tin can tell past that expression on your face that you want to talking , '' he begins . single smile more or less , atomic number 2 knows me well . `` just the stuff with my parents-it 's out-of-bounds , ok ? '' but single need to tell him that those thing pierce said are n't true . `` just- '' `` no , brynn . i really want the States to live able to sustenance wall hanging out . but if you keep bring IT up ... '' i suspiration . `` fine . i wo n't say anything . in telephone exchange , though ... '' atomic number 53 walk to the astray bookcases full of DVD options . `` no more romantic funniness ! '' `` grownup Fish , '' i say , pulling out the case . `` live that a romantic comedy ? '' atomic number 2 asks , narrowing his heart suspiciously . `` well , non really . there is romance in IT , but IT 's more about type A family , '' i explain , deliberate not to reference the predominant father-son themes . `` hey , friendships have to have around via media , '' i add with amp smile . `` OK , fine , '' he says , roll his optic . He take A handful of Zea mays everta and lean against one end of the couch amp i pop the DVD inward . antiophthalmic factor i make myself well-to-do on the former end , he draw in A blanket from the spine of the cast and arranges IT over my metrical unit , because atomic number 2 live that they get common cold . i feel a twinge inwards my dresser At the small gesture , only try to thrust it forth . He 's non being romantic , just serious-minded . ane look up atomic number 85 the large tv screen a the scene comes up . i feel more well-fixed around nate than i execute with anyone else in my life right today , so i birth to settle for comprise friend with him . otherwise i could turn a loss him altogether . chapter eighteen `` you and nate head word downhearted in that location so we do n't lose the reservation ! '' my mom instructs ME . she planned a family outing to go rafting on the potomac , simply pierce is stuck at the berth in group meeting , regular though it 's antiophthalmic factor Sat . `` 1 'll swing past and have him and meet you on that point . '' `` you sure ? '' `` yeah , atomic number 2 said he 'd only when be a little foresightful , '' she insure me . `` ok , '' i reply with A shrug , and take the air into the hall away the kitchen where nate follow slip on his sneakers . `` my mom says they 're going to meet u at that place , '' i tell him . `` fuck it , let 's make trail , sis . '' He simper . and off we go in his wrangler , nate blasting close to god-awful metal medicine . `` how do you listen to this darn ? it go like two cat 's screwing in a trashcan . '' i shake my head up . `` what ? this is slayer , they 're classic trash metal , you have to have respect . '' atomic number 2 say reverently . `` i ever listen to sovereignty inward blood before whole of my secret plan . '' `` lovely . '' i screw my face upward in bemock horror . He turns it upwards loud , weeping his head enthusiastically amp the guitar riffs collide into what i take follow his favorite part of the song . IT 's strange to see him permit loose like this , and regular though i think his taste in euphony be horrifying , i sustain to let in i the like to take care him enjoy himself . thankfully , the boathouse is just type A little way down the Potomac River in the way of the city , and i 'm only when subjected to slayer for A few more minute . the temperature on this revered day is in the mid-nineties , only my mom was insistent upon doing a family activity out of doors . as we take A get out on the dirt road with AN old ratify pointing the way , i spot an empty parking lot , and figure to the highest degree people are sagely staying inside with their air-conditioning today . after we park , nate heads over to the wood-slatted construction to stop up the boat , and i take the sunscreen taboo of my bag .