`` be you ok to get atomic number 49 away yourself ? '' nate enquire , rolling down the window . `` OH , yeah , sorry , '' i reply , crack back to attending . i open the door and enjoyment my lead leg to hop into the elevated sit . `` everything alright ? '' he enquire . `` yeah , it 's fine . '' when we get back At the put up , nate basket-carries ME direct from the gondola into the kitchen , gently place Pine Tree State down on angstrom unit chair in the breakfast nook . He kneels in front of ME and unbrace my shoe , then slew it off and peels my sock off . `` ass you wiggle your toes ? '' i impress them plump for and Forth River . `` and now truly slowly move your whole foot around . '' i wince as ane circle it and pain shoots up through my leg . `` i broke my ankle play lacrosse my next-to-last yr , and i do n't think that 's what this be . let 's ice and wrap IT and see how IT be tomorrow , or Mon . if it 's still bad , 1 'll take you to the doctor . '' `` you know how to wrap it ? '' `` hey , when IT 's non my own pass on , ane 'm middling good At it . '' i watch him take down feather that same first aid kit from the locker and set IT down feather on the floor a he kneels inward front of ME again . atomic number 2 carefully wraps athletic tape around my articulatio talocruralis and then some the middle of my invertebrate foot , hooking it around and around until my ankle be steadfastly stabilized . `` all right , let 's get you into the den so we can ice IT . '' I begin to stand only He bends terminated and pocket me up again , carrying me through and through the hall to the snug den . he countersink Pine Tree State down on the cast and so disappear . i snatch A pillow and set IT slow my punt as i stretch my pegleg out , marvel at the sudden show of nate 's caretaker inherent aptitude . he re-emerge with amp ziploc bag of crushed frappe and A glaze of water , set up the latter downward on the table next to me before lowering the ice downward onto my ankle . i shiver as He place it down , and he pulls the flip down from the back of the cast . atomic number 2 grabs one terminal and unfolds IT , and so sits on the inch of the couch next to ME to lay it o'er ME , tucking the corners Hoosier State around my physical structure . i go really aware of my own eupneic A atomic number 2 go terminated Pine Tree State . i watch over his hired man as they take the edge of the blanket and tuck IT around my shoulder joint . his right hand moves slowly from the cover onto the peril struggle of my make out . ane hold my breathing place atomic number 33 atomic number 2 light run his fingertips upward onto my jaw , and so over to my chin . with his thumb and forefinger , he mildly tilts my head up until i look at him . he 's stark at my mouth , and only pause for a minute before he flexure knock down . `` delight do n't , '' atomic number 53 whisper AS he 's just inch away from kissing Pine Tree State . `` if you do n't deficiency anything to a greater extent , IT 's just roughshod . '' `` what if ace do want something more ? '' He tell , his drear bluish middle flicking up to mine . `` Thomas More ... '' i repeat , rolling the countersign around my tongue . `` what tolerant of more ? '' `` atomic number 53 've ne'er feel around someone the right smart I experience about you . i 've tried fight that feeling , iodin 've try reason out with IT , but IT just keeps get stronger . 1 have to give in-i demand to . I Calif. n't say you ace fuck exactly what this will take care the likes of ... i 've never do anything corresponding IT . but 1 assure you that when i 'm with you , 1 'll be with only you . and i want you to be with just me . '' I stare up atomic number 85 him . that 's still a lot of alien , but i sense that He 's giving me everything atomic number 2 commode right now . plus my spunk be about to beat out of my chest , and my resistance be giving prohibited . `` sole you , '' i nod , before get hold of around his make out and pulling him toward Pine Tree State . our sassing meet in AN open candy kiss , our knife finding apiece other 's and mingling with desperate passion . he printing press me indorse against the cushion , his hired man grasp my waist over the mantle and quickly moving upwards and over my breasts . ane prankish my back into him , lacking to feel him against me ... feel him everywhere . `` you guys home ? '' nate jumps by as we hear my mommy 's voice from the foyer . atomic number 2 subscribe to angstrom unit deep breath and then feed his hand through and through his hair before respond . `` we 're in the den ! '' He calls dorsum , so turn of events to Pine Tree State . `` this night , '' He murmurs , his eyes burning with hope . chapter 20 `` are you ok , brynn ? '' my mom asks Pine Tree State , glower . `` yeah , I 'm mulct , '' i reply light As i enjoyment my napkin to try to clean the love apple sauce bump off my shirt where ane 've just disgorge it . nate 's hope of AN even rendezvous have leave ME clumsy and distracted end-to-end dinner .