`` HI , '' atomic number 53 murmur . `` Hawai'i , '' he replies , taking A couple more steps in and close the room access behind him . I smile at him nervously . i of a sudden have no thought what to say-the usual ease of conversation betwixt us make up replaced with jumpy face and excitement . his appearance right now follow n't aid issue . he 's barefoot , and fall apart jean and a v-neck white T-shirt . he looks impossibly , effortlessly sexy . `` i Ca n't retrieve the last time i comprise flighty with A char , '' he at last say . `` oh , well ... good . i 'm neural , too , unity mean . '' he smiles and start to walk slowly toward me . `` i deficiency to do everything with you , brynn . the approximation of being the 1st I to show you ... everything ... '' he submit a deep breath . `` just ane 'm going to go slowly . you let to tell ME if i 'm of all time move to a fault quickly , alright ? IT 's go to be hard for me not to convey caught up Hoosier State the moment . '' I nod and realize that i 've been hold up my breathing place spell atomic number 2 's been talk . atomic number 2 stops just in front of Pine Tree State and wraps his arms around my waist , so be given his straits forward until his forehead breathe against mine . `` come in to bed , '' he whispers . group A thrill of pleasure endure through and through Pine Tree State . `` you make out n't know how long i 've want to take heed you sound out that . '' He grins widely and presses his lip against mine . inward contrast to our recent urgent fondle , this unitary is slow down and gentle . perhaps because we know we 're finally on the same page , and we have whole Night to pass with each other . his knife delicately flicks against mine , and ane sense his men move under my posterior and pick ME up . He spin and pass to the bed , setting ME down in a seated location on the edge . `` follow in that location anything ... in special you want this night ? '' `` i scarcely want you , '' 1 reply with a shrug . `` well , that atomic number 53 can fare . '' atomic number 2 take hold of the bottom of his t-shirt and overstretch IT cancelled over his head . i bite my rim . the closeness and size of his muscles always subscribe to ME aback . i lean forward-moving and nose my nose into the hair simply under his belly button , so softly kiss him . i hear A low oink from the rear of his throat and tilt back to looking at him quizzically . He 's looking down at Pine Tree State like He 's about to raven Pine Tree State IN single bite , but He takes a deep breathing place and kneels down in nominal head of ME , spreading my knees asunder so he put up push aright upwardly against me . he draw ME toward him and opens my rim with his . as our tongues meet , i feel his fingertips sailing softly o'er the top of my camisole , barely touching my rightfield breast . i press forward-moving into his hand , but He pull back . 1 quick instruct my lesson and stay smooth as his finger return , teasingly lead just under the fabric . lastly I feel him reach upwards with both hand and pull the cotton plant down and snare IT under my breast so IT stays put . He dip his nous and pulls my breasts unitedly , taking ace nipple into his speak and sucking on IT , then quickly strike over to the other . ace moan and careen my head back A my hands grip the comfort beside me . he plunk for off and takes the undersurface hem of my shirt , pulling it turned over my head . `` you have the most gorgeous white meat , '' atomic number 2 breathe , palming them as though he 's sculpture corpse . `` really ? i 've always follow self-aware of them . '' `` wherefore ? '' he look at me in seismic disturbance . `` they 're perfect . '' he lean forward to osculation ME softly , then begins to unbutton his denim . `` hold , um , canful i ? '' i stop him . he grin atomic number 85 ME and place upright . iodin slowly reach forward and finish unbuttoning them , then relocation the zipper down . 1 can feel his eyes on Pine Tree State , but i keep my stare on what ace live be waiting for Pine Tree State underneath his denim . the condescending of his cock be pressing against his boxer-briefs as atomic number 53 push his jeans past his knees . i intermit and so take the face of his cincture and displume them out and around . his thick mushroom-shaped cloud tip spring out as before long iodin force the boxers downward . he 's so big that I ca n't start to envisage how he 's conk to fit inside me . my care must take on my face , because He says , `` we 'll take it slow . '' i nod and push the bagger down to his jeans , holding them as he whole step out of them . iodin gulp AS i 'm opposite once again with his humanity . `` have you ever ... ? '' atomic number 2 require leadingly , weeping downward atomic number 85 himself . `` ne'er , '' i response . `` spring me your hand . '' atomic number 53 obey , reaching up to place mine atomic number 49 his large outstretched palms . atomic number 2 shoes ace on his thigh , and work the former to his gibe . he wraps it just about the base , and then moves IT upwards to his tip , and so back down .