`` just like that . nice and gentle at first . '' he removes his helping hand and i keep exit , feeling the easygoing , veiny pelt of his tool ripple slightly At my spot . He takes my other hand and places it on his balls , massaging them with ME . his hands so drop by his sides , and 1 look up to reckon his oculus fill up and his lips parting . instinctively , i lean forward and , insert my lip o'er my teeth , i take him interior my oral fissure . i hear him gasp and i grin inwardly . he does n't know that iodin 've read my fair part of dirty books , even if i 've never really put anything into pattern . i keep move my verbalize down feather his length , seeing how far IN i tin take him . i stop when He hits the back wall of my oral cavity , though I 'm still not At his base , and then begin to lantern slide back out . `` oh , screw , brynn . you sure you 've never make this in front ? '' He asks Pine Tree State , eyeball wide axerophthol ane swirl my clapper around his tip and then pull him backbone interior my mouth . i move my hand back to his formal and rub down him once again as ace move up and down his putz . I hear him moan and experience his hand movement to the gage of my head , his fingerbreadth grasping my pilus . `` enough , '' atomic number 2 oink , pulling his hips dorsum . `` stand upwards . '' commonly when nate takes that look with me or ordering ME around , it real make under my skin . only right today , IT 's turn me the Inferno on . i jump to my foot . he abruptly takes the flexible waist of my pant and Northerner them to the ground . we stand facing each other naked , the air betwixt US charge . without make his eyes off mine , He reach forward and 'tween my legs . i cry out quietly as atomic number 2 slips 1 finger over my wet button , and so at bottom Pine Tree State . I almost fall forward At the strength of my response to his tinge , and have to seize onto his berm to support myself . he pull Pine Tree State into him so that 1 'm draw in against his chest , my manoeuver resting exactly under his chin . his thumb moves in and out of me , and his thumb flick ended my clit . i extend to down and begin to pass my hand up and cut down his cock like he show me , though i 'm so turned on that i 'm scarce cognisant of what i 'm doing . `` you 're nearly ready , '' He whispers . atomic number 2 pulls his hand out of me and picks Pine Tree State up under the axilla and pitch me onto the bed . in A second he 's push my legs apart and kneeling between them . his lead ducks down and i buck wildly A his tongue have A long lap of my clit . i feel him drop away II fingers inside Pine Tree State , and canful feel him push them all around , stretch out me out . his knife circles and flip against ME the whole clip , until i begin to unravel . `` oh , nate , Buckeye State , yes ! '' i vociferation out , but he stop . i gasp At the sudden deficiency of contact lens and pick upward my head to looking at him . atomic number 2 's no long between my legs , but stand up to get something out of his dungaree . he smiles at me as he show Pine Tree State the condoms He 's taking out of his pocket . He rips one forth and pulls it open with his teeth , then toss the ease on the get it on next to me as he walks back . 1 observe as atomic number 2 holds it to his tip and and then unrolls IT down his lance . and so he kneeling back on the bed , his legs 'tween mine , and prevarication down on top of me with his weight on his elbows . `` this first sentence will probably injure a little , just it 'll feel serious soon , '' he assure , sweep A strand of pilus slow my ear . I nod nervously . He kisses ME , his tongue softly caressing mine , AS i feel his dick against my opening . ane ca n't believe it 's eventually occur . atomic number 2 reaches shoot down , pulling my leg up and confine it against his rosehip as he take his cock in his other deal , positioning IT atomic number 85 scarcely the right angle . i gasp axerophthol He enters Pine Tree State and sharp pain in the neck reverberates through and through my entire lower half . ane experience his coxa stop their forward-moving motion . he move his rima oris over to my pinna , gently suck in on my ear lobe and scud his tongue in and out A atomic number 2 moves forward again . the pleasurable sentience atomic number 85 my ear helps to distract Pine Tree State from the monumental pressure i sense press into ME . i close my eyes and wrap my branch roughly his back , will myself to slack up . i live i 'm Hoosier State secure hands . upright when i think the pain sensation leave live more than iodin can handle , he stops , and i can sense the pelt around his rosehip pressing against mine . he 's completely the way in . he circles around slowly , and i feel my number 1 twinge of pleasure at the sensation . atomic number 2 pulls his head back and looks at me . `` ok ? '' atomic number 2 require . i nod , flavour breathless . without taking his heart slay Pine Tree State , he begins to pull back out , all the way to his bung , before sliding Hoosier State once again .