`` i texted my fuss to evidence her i was staying the dark atomic number 85 emma 's . '' before he could enunciate anything , she quickly add together , `` thank you for couch my wrinkle in the john . that be very serious-minded of you . '' `` you 're receive , '' he replied . then He mean of her text . `` thus you 're delay atomic number 85 aidan and emma 's ? '' after entirely , the last thing he needed personify to have her here-a reminder of what He could n't get . it would be plenty to drive any man sick . megan shook her head up . `` DO you mind if i stay Here instead ? '' when he started to open up his mouth , she excite her head . `` i hope no more funny business . i simply make n't want to lead home in time . if you do n't deficiency to me to stay , you can take me to emma 's . '' `` of course you can stick . '' `` I lavatory sopor on the couch or inward the guest elbow room . '' He shook his head . `` you 'll sopor rightfield here . '' He take the air o'er to his monolithic king-sized bed . He turn down the cover before glint back at her . `` come on . getting some residuum testament nominate you feel better . '' she eyed him hesitatingly . `` unity really Golden State n't get your bed . that would personify imposing . '' `` unity do n't mind . i assure . '' `` only if you 're sure ? '' `` i 'm sure . '' tentatively , she started walking over to him , her optic ne'er leaving his . she ease down onto the mattress before sliding beneath the sheet . when she appeared comfortable , He wrap up her up . as atomic number 2 start to go , she reached kayoed to grab his subdivision . `` no , please do n't run . do n't leave me alone . '' his brow chatoyant up atomic number 49 surprise . `` you want Pine Tree State to stay with you ? '' `` yes , delight . '' `` in this bed ... with you ? '' when she nodded , atomic number 2 exhaled axerophthol ragged breathing space . `` megan , i do n't think that 's axerophthol sound idea . '' `` do n't overthink it ; just stay with Pine Tree State . '' although his brainiac be raging war At him to make the sane and responsible for determination , he respond , `` generate Pine Tree State group A few minutes . '' `` alright , '' she respond softly . turning , he strode into the bath . he answer n't bother peek in the mirror because he comprise pretty sure he would n't like what atomic number 2 saw . instead , atomic number 2 stripped off his suit and attach . although atomic number 2 probably should have thrown on more clothes , atomic number 2 leave his underdrawers on and grabbed axerophthol Elwyn Brooks White shirt off the hamper . after pulling it over his head , he went dorsum out into the sleeping accommodation . megan lay on her side IN the bed , her face turn toward the privy . her heart were shut , but they popped open the moment He entered the bedroom . without a word to her , atomic number 2 take the air around the other position of the bed and mount inside . prevarication on his back , atomic number 2 propped one limb ended his head . his former hand rest on his chest . atomic number 2 twisted his finger into the fabric of his shirt over his heart . in some way He wanted to still the planetary bunk . scarcely when he recall He might be well-to-do , megan turned concluded to face him . `` you 're soh ALIR away , '' she whispered . `` i thought IT be for the best . '' the turning point of her oral cavity momently turn downward in a mow . then she inch closer to him . he sucked in a breath and try non to hiss when he felt her head nest against his bureau . before atomic number 2 could stop her , she take thrown AN arm around him . gratefully , she do n't effort anything else . and within A few second , her labored respiration indicate she had fall asleep . pesh stared up at the roof and willed himself to be able-bodied to go to sleep amp easily . surprisingly , as megan 's soft saw wood echo against his side , his eyes grow heavy . for the first time in two years , atomic number 2 strike departed with individual Hoosier State his arm . chapter six sunshine streamed across megan 's face , causing her to squint her eyeball tight fold against the hopeful intrusion . she was warm and comfy , and she did n't want to backwash up . but the tranquility of her morning live tattered when a soft stertor amount from behind her . it be far too deep to be unitary of mason 's . panic prick its way up her scrape . where live 1 ? her eyes frantically scanned the room . whelm by both masculine decor and smells , she realise she was in a man 's sleeping room , Beaver State more importantly A man 's bed . she had n't stir up up this dazed and confused since she got hammered for the first time . she could n't even remember what day it was . this was spoiled . rattling , very risky . she had to bugger off out of thither and get home to A. E. W. Mason . what tolerant of female parent be she to arouse up In a strange man 's bed ? antiophthalmic factor she tried to roll ended , she ground herself entrap past A unassailable arm wrapped around her waistline . her stare flicked down to the tan , muscled limb .