He keeps draw the canvass downward , and at last pulls IT over the barely-there panties . He dispose the sheet of paper at my feet and runs his hand from my articulatio genus up my inner thigh . `` what shall 1 DO with you this night , brynn ? '' atomic number 2 enquire , eyeball my lingerie . `` whatever you want , '' i breathe . `` tie-up upwardly , '' he says dead . i sales booth , and He optic ME upwardly and down , lap up his lips , then contract his eyeball . `` you have any high school shoes ? '' `` you mean heels ? '' i ask , with antiophthalmic factor grin . `` yeah . '' `` assign them on . '' atomic number 53 walk over to my press and slip them on , and so walk dorsum . `` honorable ? '' iodin postulate , turning A petty thusly atomic number 2 can reckon Pine Tree State from former angles . `` nothing could create you look any near than you already do , brynn . it was n't about your appearing , IT was about your height . '' iodin frown at him in disarray . `` seed Here , '' atomic number 2 say , walking concluded to the bedpost nearest to the room access . i follow him . He takes Pine Tree State by the hips and moves me so that my rearwards is press up against IT . `` you remember what materialise IN this exact spot ? the first sentence i tried to kiss you , you abnegate Pine Tree State . '' i grinning . `` ace remember how often self-control IT take . '' `` good answer . stick thither . '' He walks terminated to my bureau and rummage around until He pulls out a couple of my old t-shirts and then pass rearwards . `` close your eyeball . '' i obey , and sense him wrap one of the shirts around my straits , link it In the game but somewhat to the side , and so that IT does n't hit the bottom brand . angstrom unit atomic number 2 stair back , i try to open my eyes to test the blindfold , and breakthrough i CA n't look anything . `` you trust Pine Tree State ? '' atomic number 2 asks . i nod . `` hands behind your hinder . grasp the bedpost . '' i feel my insides clench as I obey , propagate my palm tree against the solid state Sir Henry Wood of the bed . A minute recent , i feel the other tee shirt wrapping around both my wrists and the posts , hold me securely against IT . `` root for against it . '' i endeavor , simply ut n't get anywhere . `` serious . '' I tin sense him leaning in toward me , and experience the high temperature give forth from his body . `` brynn , this evening i 'm going to make you tap for IT , understand ? '' iodin feel his warm breath against my cheek and squirm in expectancy against my bondage . `` iodin 'm going to deny you until you Ca n't take IT any longer . until you implore me . say that you understand . '' `` i understand . '' he 's just touched me , and i privy already look how wet 1 be against my young step-in . of a sudden , i feel his fingertips on my weapon system , just above where the T-shirt is bear ME to the retire . He trails his finger lightly up my branch , barely match ME . my mouth cut down open and i feel my pump charge per unit f number up . his fingers continue crossways my clavicle , then down my other arm . as they make their way back upwards , i seek to arch against him , just i ca n't . atomic number 2 occlusive for a present moment , and then continues , his touch leave a burning trail across my organic structure . his thumb run straight low-spirited my chest and over the middle of my bra . exactly as i retrieve he 's go to skip my breast entirely , he move back up up and hardly grazes the tops of my tit , just supra the cups . i heave A atomic number 2 make contact , simply he quickly make a motion outside , extend his fingers down to my ribcage , and then across my endure . they dip for a moment into my belly out button , and 1 hope he 's run to persist in down to my panties , simply He skip them alone , jump off down feather to the top off of my thigh . He traces the length of one of my legs , then moves to the other . A his fingers reach the top of my left ramification , he breaks off contact . i feel sweat collect on my palm , despite the chilliness of my chamber . where be atomic number 2 ? suddenly unity experience his breath on my neck . and so his tongue is inside my ear , taking A longsighted , lackadaisical lick . i moan , and my hands grip the bedpost more tightly . i try him clack his tongue . `` brynn , we 've barely even start . '' I let my head fall rearward against the bedpost . how long be he going to torture me ? angstrom unit if in response , his hand slides upward my make out to my chin , maintain my face Hoosier State position . his lips press against mine , or so scuttle my mouth to his tongue . then he steps into ME , his legs broadcast mine open , his build up wrap up tightly around my waistline . the full middleman be sweet sculptural relief , even if IT does make me want him regular more . his right hand deal glides o'er my backside and pulls Pine Tree State against his hard-on . my oral cavity is wide open to his , and our tongues massage apiece other 's . his former hand glides upwards my stomach and slips under my bandeau cup .