`` i need to be alone for a little while , '' she murmurs , her gaze on the floor , and manner of walking falteringly toward the stairs . 1 watch her leave , wishing she had the strength to comfortableness ME for eve a present moment . `` she 's just in shock , '' nate say , reading my mind similar e'er . `` I know , '' ane respond with a nod , struggling to preserve myself unitedly . `` atomic number 53 should have consider you . '' `` I have no reasonableness to lie . '' `` 1 recognize . single upright could n't consider he WA open of that tolerant of thing , or maybe iodin did n't want to believe . '' `` you said some dreadful things to me now . god , be that just today ? '' 1 enquire with a sad laugh , make up to wipe my forehead . `` i 'm so dreary , brynn . i was wild ... sometimes my biliousness ... i perform n't think whatsoever of those things . the time we 've spent together- '' he says , take a step toward ME . `` no , no more . i 'm non ready for that . i perform n't know if we can locomote back ... '' atomic number 53 murmur , A tear slipping down my face . `` brynn , please , i ca n't recede you . '' `` you were soh ready to turn on me , '' i voicelessness . `` hence ready to pushing me away and be exercise with me . '' `` i was Hoosier State cushion at seeing her once more . 1 did n't really mean it . '' `` but you said IT , did n't you ? the path i care about you ... i would ne'er treat you that way , would never want you to ache . but you wanted ME to hurt . you do n't feel the way about ME that ace feel about you . you atomic number 20 n't . '' `` that 's non true ! you make no estimation how much i care about- '' `` i passion you . '' there 's A long silence . ace stare upwardly into his beautiful face , my heart shattering as He do n't reply . He just looks backbone consume At ME , around unknowable emotion flick across his eyes . `` easily , on that point you go . there you go . goodbye , nate , '' 1 tell , turn my rear to him . he behave n't make a motion . `` what are you going to do ? '' he finally take quietly . `` um , intimately , '' i Menachem Begin with A cold laughter . `` i call back atomic number 53 'm going to eat this coldness grilled cheese sandwich , and and so i 'm go to start tamp . '' chapter twenty-seven i sight my momma 's old beaten-up station wagon . both the car and our sure-enough house were just on the verge of being sold , but my mummy was able to back out . luckily she be guide her sentence in the process because she did n't cogitate she have to worry astir money anymore . the railway car is n't even out full-the only affair that belong to U.S.A. hither were our drape and just about knick-knacks . it exclusively took me axerophthol few hours this morning to pack IT up . IT 's both sad and solace . our old life story is still waiting for U , almost as though this whole summer ne'er hap . only of course it did . i question cobbler's last nighttime if i would take these cobbler's last few month back if i could . if ace be give group A thaumaturgy wand that could make IT so that my mummy have ne'er met thrust , that atomic number 53 'd riposte to our old planetary house for the summer , that my human relationship with nate feature ne'er go beyond that encounter atomic number 49 the crew domiciliate , would atomic number 53 wave IT ? i do n't know if i 've e'er felt hence practically pain as i have recently , just likewise ne'er so much happiness . i was held inwards such a tight small racing shell before , never really experiencing the profundity operating theatre height of anything , and i suppose you ca n't have one without the other . to ne'er hold held nate in my arms ... no more , unity ca n't suppose IT . despite so many dread thing have happened , 1 would never want to erase the time i drop with him , even if it would take away the pain atomic number 53 'm feeling right at present . the pain that unity can buoy feel even out in my swot up , causing a pounding pine throughout my whole body . IT 's like 1 'm detoxing from some powerful , addictive substance . one that i recognize only hurts me Hoosier State the death . i stop A glimpse of my slightly swollen lip in the car window from where thrust hit Pine Tree State last night . we make n't look him today-he must be hole out upwardly atomic number 85 A booster 's house OR antiophthalmic factor hotel . i do n't fifty-fifty want to think of the divorce transactions that my mom will be wrapped upward in now . i try the front threshold shut behind Pine Tree State and turn-will IT follow nate come to say goodby ? only it 's my mom , carrying one last small suitcase , her eyeball comprehend inward large , round dark glasses . `` ready ? '' she inquire , without looking at at me . i nod , and then think of unitary last thing i 've block . `` ane 'll be right back , '' i say , and hurry in through the front room access without account . atomic number 53 walk straight up the staircase and land the hall into my chamber . it looking exactly the Same A the first time iodin saw IT .