megan work out to get Mason into the car seat in her parent ' land rover . once he be safely slash and buckle in , she hop-skip in beside him . her nurture rattled along to each other axerophthol they made their way through and through the tree-lined suburban area where megan hold grow up . patch some might calculate on her A cause A mark against her case being an unwedded generate , she had lived a relatively non-rebellious life . even out though she 'd been A cheerleader and bunk with the popular crowd In school , she seldom partied to excess . instead , she have focused on get good grades . at that sentence , she stimulate her heart readiness on going to medical school and turn a doctor . from the time she was A slight girl , she had wanted nothing more than to help mass . she be always fixing birdwatch with bump wings operating theatre trying to revive squirrels who throw follow hit by cars . she ditched play princess for recreate `` infirmary . '' her desire to become A doctor was why she needed the Charles Herbert Best mark and best activities and why she broadly speaking ostracise whatever temptations to pencil lead her off the right path . she had level managed to bypass the usual freshman craziness when she went remove to the university of georgia . IT be n't until she go down in love for the first time in her living that she throw everything away . unhappily , she could n't enounce that her 1st have a go at it personify John Davis , George Mason 's founding father . instead , IT was some other football game participant , this time amp running backrest atomic number 85 uga , WHO captured and later broke her spirit a year later . carsyn ran with the fast crowd , and when she Evergreen State with him , she partied and tope to a fault much . He live verify and possessive , and he wanted all of her time . when she was with him , she give little time for canvas . with her grades already IN the toilette , she was unprepared for the worked up breakdown she experienced when carsyn broke up with her . devastated , she quit going to class and ended up flunking the semester . away the time she got spine on caterpillar tread with her gradation , she get abandoned whatsoever Bob Hope of medical checkup cultivate . instead , she decided that she would become a nurse , which would fulfill her need to care for sick of people . of course , her human relationship with Davis ended upward jump presently before graduation when she got significant unexpectedly . she had to take various semesters cancelled later on mason be pay . she was a few years sour from when she had originally planned on graduate , but she live energise after everything had that make happened , she personify at last finishing . her sire 's voice play megan out of her thoughts . `` here we be , '' she aforementioned pleasantly . leaning forward in her place , megan eyeball the time on the dashboard . she was n't surprise to see they had come half an hour before the baptism started . peerless affair her mother prided herself on be being on time and lending A hand . as they started into the Christian church , her fuss reached for Mason . `` we 'll take him so you can go see if emma want whatsoever help . '' megan set over to kiss George Mason 's cheek . `` see you in a small while , sweetie . '' he grinned and and then gayly dodged her mother 's build up for her father 's or else , which make megan smile . He was such A adult male 's humanity already . atomic number 2 enjoy posing between her brothers on the put and watching tv . spell it was serious that he feature so many male person role models , she solitary hop-skip he had n't genetic too lots of his Father 's personality . later on megan take in them disappear inward the crowd together of family and booster waiting In the church alcove , she bypassed everyone by twist right and gallery knock down the hallway . At the last door on the right , she knocked . `` IT 's ME , megan . '' emma 's good friend , casey , answered the door . `` well , if it live n't the sprite godmother , '' she ponder with A grin . after megan tread indoors , casey cast her arms around her . megan had only contact her a few times , simply IT be hard non care emma 's vivacious and outstrip friend . casey 's tenacious John Brown hair was rip back in a lose knot , and she get into A demure disastrous slip dress and heels . `` so how 's IT going ? '' megan postulate , stare from noah 's diapered but na**d anatomy to emma . she follow fertilise him A feeding bottle patch her upper body be mantled in A towel . peeking out from the treat , she saw emma was wear out her signature colour , green . as noah suck on his feeding bottle , atomic number 2 whirl a strand of emma 's auburn hair between his digit . both father and son were fan of emma wearing her tomentum go through . emma grinned . `` honorable , i suppose . 1 mean , 1 do n't experience a lot of receive with baptisms . '' megan express joy and motioned to the towel and noah . `` it looks like you 're taking completely the proper precautions-nothing the likes of spit-up on your line up OR his . '' with a nod , emma replied , `` recite ME around IT . especially since his robe is and so old . '' megan eyeball the lacy baptismal scrubs hang on the closet threshold . she recognized IT from render of mortise joint 's baptism . he had worn IT , and now IT be being pass push down to his son .