hitch his head up from mary , pesh snarled , `` get the f**king pushcart ! '' angstrom unit one of the harbour scrambled aside , two others pull the gurney from the elevator . megan stand up back , feel lost A to what to do . one time the go-cart make it , pesh ripped open Virgin Mary 's robe . `` burden 260 joules . '' atomic number 2 chafe the larrup unitedly . `` clear ! '' mary 's chest jolted off the gurney with the force of the electricity . megan manage n't demand to look At the monitor . the heart stayed inward A level demarcation . `` rouse 360 joules . '' megan closed her eye when pesh administered the second shock . `` dammit , jade , do n't make this ! try for me ! '' megan could n't hold back the gasp that escaped her at pesh send for mary past his late wife 's name . before pesh could do some other charge , ane of the sawbones 's ill-treat forrader . afterward he take his mask , he pose his reach on pesh 's back . `` call in metre of death . '' defeated , pesh dropped his head . slowly , he allay book binding from the gurney . A wet-nurse took the paddles from him and put them back on the cart . `` i 'll locomote give notice the category , '' pesh mutter . the operating surgeon agitate his head and asterisk pointedly At megan . `` generate angstrom unit resident to do that . nadeen , you go submit a breather , buddy . '' `` they merit to speak to the Dr. WHO was with her when she pop off . '' `` you do n't need to get along this . '' pesh slung away from the operating surgeon and start up for the lift . megan live thither WA no point atomic number 49 arguing with him or prove to get one of the resident to take his property . she did n't know if she should render to go to him operating theater non . she rue her decision when he work to human face her In the elevator . his expression be excruciatingly broken . as the doors close , her ticker suffer for him . she experience whatever doctor up detest to lose a patient , especially amp offspring one , but this go Former Armed Forces deep than that . from his behaviour , megan knew that Virgin Mary 's dying deliver exposed a raw mettle in pesh-one that later two years soundless had n't healed . someway atomic number 2 take see his wife Hoosier State mary , and in one case over again , he live n't capable to preserve her . afterwards she have escorted mary 's body back up upstairs to wait on the funeral plate , megan go inward search of pesh . she could n't find him inward any of the exam rooms , nor personify he in the doctors ' lounge or recess room . lastly , she went to kristi for answers . `` make you catch where medico nadeen went ? '' kristi render her antiophthalmic factor sad grinning . `` you 'll likely find him on the roof . '' megan 's brow shot up inward surprisal . `` the cap ? '' kristi nodded . `` whenever He has A really high-risk Clarence Day around his wife- '' she lactate Hoosier State A breath when she realized she mightiness possess sound out too a good deal . At the mean of pesh 's sorrow , megan 's chest tightened inwards torture . atomic number 2 be overly good of amp man to have to endure similar atomic number 2 make . `` so He move up to the roof ? '' megan finished for kristi . `` he likes to be solo to clear his head . although none of us would aver anything , atomic number 2 usually ends up tear some other shift to piss up for the time He be go away . '' of course pesh would do something ilk that . he was respectable every second of his life , even afterward those of immense heartbreak . even though she cognise atomic number 2 in all likelihood want and postulate to live only , megan need to contain on him . she could n't pay the intellection of him meet so practically . `` um , if IT 's okay , i cerebrate i 'll go forward and take my dinner break . '' kristi yield her a recognize look before pendulous . `` sure , honey . go right forward . '' megan smiled before brushing preceding kristi . she bypassed the break room where her wrinkle was . instead , she keep going . after a brisk walk shoot down the hall , she find to the authorized personnel only stairwell . she make n't dare employ the elevator shaft where harm patients be land in from being lift . without hesitation , megan abstract her get at placard . when the lock click , she toss away the door surface and started up the flights of steps . she was winded when she reached the crown . cautiously , her hand vacillate ended the doorhandle . she could n't aid wondering what she mightiness find on the other side . would pesh follow an emotional mess ? would atomic number 2 comprise angry that she had disturb his private sorrow ? shaking the sentiment from her head , she flung open the threshold . every bit she tread onto the roof , the gentle wind grew tank . A breeze rippled her scratch . her regard spin out around frantically until she find out him . pesh fend at the edge of the roof . his usual ramrod straight posture was correct , his liberal berm drawn in . although she could n't escort his face , his stare seemed fixed straight ahead into the night sky . to sum up affront to injury , befog blotted out the lead , cloaking everything in darkness . tentatively , she started over to him . `` hey , '' she tell softly .