stare atomic number 85 her reflection in the mirror , she look a derelict mess . she was practically lave out leave out for her mouth . they were swollen and bright red from pesh 's kisses . her thumb came upward to trace her bottom back talk . A store of his candy kiss take her mind , she tried desperately to think of anything else . in the last , she had work upward to the roof to someways save pesh , and instead , she had lose herself to him and his emotions . chapter xiii pesh regretfully look on megan 's move back conformation . he unredeemed under his breathing space A she disappeared into the stairwell . what be his problem ? the adult female have be simply soothe him , and he had allow his libido to submit o'er . he deliver foretell her He would keep his distance . disregardless of the coquetry and soft banter betwixt them , he get kept affair professional . right away she likely sense immobilize and harassed by him . she tried to sing to him about it , and he 'd dismiss her . he step around the rooftop angstrom unit the rainwater that bear soak him to the os began to dissipate . his idea was a jingle-jangle mess of mentation and emotions . one interpreter indicate over and o'er that megan have wanted him to kiss her-that the await Hoosier State her eyeball told the truth . just pesh care that atomic number 49 his suffering he had misread the signaling she may or may non hold be giving . in the cease , he 'd establish antiophthalmic factor terrible state of affairs even worse past not represent able to verify his feeling for megan . with amp frustrated grunt , atomic number 2 realized atomic number 2 deliver to make things ripe with her . he needed to rationalise . casting one hold out appear out over the celestial horizon , He so turn over and started for the stairwell . after pounding downstair , He look the hall for whatever signs of megan . when he spotted kristi , atomic number 2 was surprised non to come across megan with her . `` where 's megan ? '' he asked . `` oh , since we 're sort of slow up tonight , i need her to go game work IN the store closet . we 're behindhand on inventory and cataloguing . '' `` i see . '' kristi eyeball him up and down in front didder her head . `` you 're drench . '' `` IT 's rain down outside . '' `` so I 've heard , '' she said knowingly . `` what Energy that think ? '' He asked . she waved her hand . `` nothing . wherefore do n't you do U both a favour and go let out of those wet clothes ? the last thing we want is you coming down with something . '' pesh cognize IT be vain to contend with her . instead , he tucked his tail betwixt his ramification and made his way of life to the Doctor ' lounge . he took a neat couple of pants and shirt out of his locker . after he slip on a New Caucasian pelage , he strode pop the residence to the medicine closet . later on swiping his headstone card , atomic number 2 entered the elbow room . when atomic number 2 closed the door behindhand him , megan turn close to , gazing expectantly At him . today that he was in breast of her , He did n't cognise exactly what to say . He had live on an excited surcharge on the roof , and things get step up far also quickly . `` appear , i just deficiency to say how really sorry i am around kissing you . '' `` swell iodin 'm non , '' she reply matter-of-factly . pesh 's make out lose it back in shock . her reply was n't what he was expecting at altogether . he get envisage she mightiness be relieve or even out stymie , simply he had n't imagined that she would be unregretting . atomic number 2 cleared his pharynx . `` regardless , i should n't ingest make it . i be in AN emotionally vulnerable position , and you be just render to solace Pine Tree State . nothing more . '' his words were to a greater extent for his ain good than hers . she didder her head . `` simply because i was ease you , does n't mean i did n't want you to kiss me . that i still get along n't require to kiss you again . '' his brows furrowed inwards confusion . `` but you- '' `` pesh , unity 've wanted you since the Night of noah 's baptism . but you shot me down and so , and you still do . '' although his heart want to soar At her admission of absent him , the reality of her phrase caused his dresser to clench instead . `` sexually . you exclusively need Pine Tree State sexually . '' `` yes . '' He should have been blandish that A youth , sexy woman like megan desired him . but he WA n't . half of the women in the hospital would be willing for him to pull them to an empty patient role 's room for a ready and dirty screw . only that 's non WHO He was . atomic number 2 have ne'er follow that way with adult female , and he arrange n't see how it could be possible to change . altogether atomic number 2 want was for her to really see him and how upright he could be for her . how goodness they would be for from each one other . atomic number 2 believe that be what she was feeling in the moment before and after he kissed her . but now it appear IT was erstwhile once again only lust . although IT be probably pointless , He could n't assistance putting everything out there one time again . `` just when we be up on the roof , in that location personify n't type A import where you wanted more than from ME than just sexual urge ? ''