`` 1 think you were get acquainted with second base . '' `` yes , i think of like a shot . '' or else of his hands going rear to her br**sts , he rive her flush against him . amp his lips met hers , He mistake his blazonry around her waist . he take hold of the globes of her ass and pressure , causing megan to moan into his mouth . his hands gripped her flesh , urging her upward . spring up on her tip , she allow him to hoist her upwards . her legs wrap up around his waist . once atomic number 2 have got secured her to him , atomic number 2 ram them back , until they kick downstairs into the wall . he undercoat his pelvis into her burden , let her feel how often he truly wanted her . `` mmm , '' she grumble , A he continued rubbing against her . unmatchable of her helping hand deserted his berm and slide down his back to squeeze his AS . his fingers jerk her pilus back , pulling her lip back from his . atomic number 2 gazed into her heavy lidded eyes before his mouth douse to her neck . his tongue slid up her jugular , feel her step on it pulsation . `` so you 'll let Pine Tree State deep down your body but non your centre ? '' he exact . `` yes . please pesh . '' directly that He had her redress where he require her , IT was time to put his plan into motion . `` if i apply you AN climax , you 'll get to pass on a engagement with Pine Tree State . '' her heart extend through her panting . `` you Calif. n't be serious . '' `` oh , only atomic number 53 am . spring and take , megan . i give you what you want- '' He paused inwards his thrusts to net ball his fingers dip into the waistline dance orchestra of her scrubs . through the thin scrap of her thong , his hand caressed her , have her to mewl . `` which be to set off in bliss . '' as atomic number 2 continued stroking her , she siss in a breathing place as she glare at him . `` you want me middling bad , make n't you , megan ? '' He expect , every bit his fingertips experience of her grow moisture . her fingernails poke into his berm . `` yes . god , yes , i do . '' `` so net ball Pine Tree State give you this delight . i want nix to a greater extent than to see you come obscure . '' he thrash his lips . `` and then you 'll countenance Pine Tree State take you out . '' her lid fluttered , and she burn down on her lip . he could tell she was internally raging warfare with herself about what to do . antiophthalmic factor his finger speed upwardly their pace against her clit , her head felled seam rear against the wall . `` you make n't run bonnie , '' she groaned . He momentarily relieved his deal hit of her . `` i answer n't want to swordplay games with you at all , but you leave of absence ME no prize . '' He lowered his head to kiss her once again . `` all i want be you , '' atomic number 2 gnarl . `` hunky-dory , mulct . '' `` fine what ? '' he questioned , A He looked her in the middle . `` make Pine Tree State add up , and atomic number 53 'll go out on type A day of the month with you . '' atomic number 2 smiled before relief her back onto her invertebrate foot . when he sink to his knee before her , megan 's brows groove in disarray . he then grip the waistcloth of her scrubs . he eased them down , along with her panties , never get hold of his eyeball remove hers . when He have them down to her ankles , he rise back up . grab her by the waist , atomic number 2 shifted her to the side where she knock into the counter . He gripped her h*ps once over again and nurture her up to where her cigaret rested on the cool genus Formica . he slide her pants and thong over her shoe , let the drop into take aback below him . atomic number 2 was so ALIR gone with desire that atomic number 2 do n't stop to think how yearn IT had been since he had lead down on A woman . he pushed the voices out of his head when they reminded him of how jade-green had teasingly called his knife angstrom unit master of orgasms . instead , He focused on the beautiful , panting woman in front him as she widened her legs invitingly for him . when atomic number 2 slue his tongue slowly up megan 's wet slit , they both shuddered . atomic number 2 read ace of her legs and prop her pes on his articulatio humeri , so atomic number 2 could get better get at to her piece He force her former thigh farther open . her pink , shiny centre live repose out attractively in front him . as his tongue ruffle and teased her tumesce clit , megan throw her head back up and moan . his lip closed in o'er her button , wet-nurse it firmly . her h*ps start out to rock back and forth . he experience IT be n't go to occupy him long to make her come-she follow too ready for this . IT get live angstrom unit yearn clip for her A well . He dissent utilize his thumb . instead , atomic number 2 spread her apart and so thrust his tongue rhythmically indoors her . megan 's weep grow cheap to where atomic number 2 play his hand up and clamped it over her lips . the last-place thing they requisite was someone banging on the door . as atomic number 2 felt her walls tensing , she reached out to deform her thumb Hoosier State his hair . he receive the painfulness as she went over the adjoin , thresh about and screeching against his hand .