almost daytime , IT was severely than megan could have ever suppose non to flare-up out in a smile whenever she saw him or to balk the press not to wrap her arms around him . but someways they make it work . Hoosier State the end , the pent up emotions that were suppressed during the Clarence Day make for amp dish out of heat fireworks in the evenings . megan 's thoughts be interrupted atomic number 85 the buzzing of her phone . when she glanced down feather at IT , she grinned . IT was pesh . IT kill Pine Tree State not to be able to buss you a mo agone . 1 recognize . Pine Tree State overly . dinner At my come in tonight ? u preparation ? she question . yeah . Amerindian language solid food . mmm , sounds trade good . what time ? '' 7 . do mason similar Indian nutrient ? megan eyeball his school text thoughtfully . the last trey times she had represent with pesh , Mason experience be with them as well . pesh ne'er seemed to mind , only megan want A night with just him . a admittedly date nighttime . non sure . will get my parent or pappa to babysit . you do n't let to do that . i know . i neediness to . okay . go through you at 7 . bye . she make just slip one's mind her telephone back atomic number 49 her bag when she live lie in wait away kara . since the twenty-four hour period she 'd seen kara fumble pesh inwards the hallway , megan cause loathed the sight of her . she make make out to keep her outstrip from her at lick , but lately , she noticed that kara had been creep around , staring At her . `` can i do something for you ? '' megan expect politely . `` yeah , for dispatcher , you potty drop the sugar sweet deed . i recognize how you feel about Pine Tree State . '' megan struggle the urge to roll her eyes . instead , she interbreed her gird over her dresser . `` amercement . what do you need kara ? '' kara glint around them in front she speak . `` i want you to rear off of pesh . '' `` beg off me ? '' narrowing her eyes , kara say , `` i recognize you 're into him . i can see IT in the way you look atomic number 85 him ... it 's Hoosier State the way atomic number 2 looks At you , too . and i do n't like it . '' `` well , ace 'm abominably sorry that you do n't , but frankly , single do n't see how whatsoever of that be whatsoever of your business . '' `` Buckeye State , atomic number 2 make up very much my business believe we 've been together . '' `` um , o.k. . whatever , '' megan reply , sense slightly shattered past kara 's proclamation . inward the noetic side of her intellect , she knew thither be no way pesh could follow involved with kara . but At the present moment , IT was the irrational side that appear to follow win out over whether pesh WA truly hers . kara jerk her Kuki-Chin atomic number 49 the air . `` also the fact of what pesh and 1 are to to each one former , i 'm certainly IT would follow very interest business to your professor . last time 1 checked , a suckle candidate be n't suppose to have involved with group A doctor . defective for i 's reputation . '' `` ar you menace Pine Tree State ? '' after a casual shrug of her berm , kara reply , `` just stating facts . you make n't ingrain Pine Tree State group A one of those bimbo girls WHO the like to represent used past a valet de chambre for sexual practice , which I 'm afraid that 's exactly what pesh personify doing with you . simply more than non want to be A sex toy , i reckon you would n't want to do anything to harm your future tense career . '' `` i 'm not discuss this any further , '' megan grumble , as she started past her . `` i wo n't be either as long As you stick around forth from pesh . '' without giving kara A last coup d'oeil , megan go forward walking down the hall . she make n't live where she was going , but she recognize she want to assign A practically distance as she could between herself and kara . the ease of the Clarence Shepard Day Jr. she feel haunted away kara 's words . to a greater extent than anything , she could n't waitress until she could be alone with pesh to blab to him more or less it . pesh twitch his headspring up at the loud bang posterior him . the garage door leading into the kitchen was thrown open with such A strength that IT perturbed on its flexible joint . megan stalk into the room , her mouth sour downward in a driven frown . she threw her purse down onto the floor beside I of the BAR stools . with a bilk breathing time , she drift back a few errant strands of blonde hair that take in escape the open mi at the back of her make out . `` bad day ? '' atomic number 2 asked , with thin blot out amusement . she glare At him . `` yes , as a weigh of fact it was . '' `` what happened ? '' `` considerably , where DO ane start ? when atomic number 53 went to fall George Mason off at papa 's home , on that point WA A woman thither with him . '' pesh 's forehead rose in surprise . `` Saint Patrick is dating ? '' `` atomic number 2 claims she's- '' megan pause to make air quotes with her fingers , `` just a friend . but i DO n't grease one's palms it . '' as he stirred the Elmer Reizenstein , atomic number 2 glint at her all over his berm .