he felt neither of those emotions . atomic number 2 take to hold atomic number 2 be a little surprise . aidan take run out to observe that fact as well . non to mention , she seemed young to be antiophthalmic factor engender , deal she was upright finishing her clinicals . `` IT 's overnice to run across you , stonemason . '' `` can you evidence pesh Hawai'i ? '' megan exhort . `` hi , esh , '' George Mason aforementioned , with amp grin . pesh could n't help laughing , and atomic number 2 be thankful that megan titter axerophthol well . `` how quondam be you ? '' Mason obtain up two fingerbreadth to which megan shake her head . `` he 's seventeen month . '' pesh smiled . `` you must be very proud of him . '' `` i am . '' she snuggle stonemason against her chest . `` atomic number 2 's the sweet and best boy i could ever so hope for . '' `` you 're very goddamned . '' `` give thanks you . '' they be break by aidan 's sis , angie , who pesh receive met earlier . `` look like IT 's clip to start . come on James Neville Mason . mommy has to go glucinium noah 's godmother straight off . '' Mason reluctantly went to his gran . `` be near for grammy , '' megan apprize . afterward angie walked cancelled with Alfred Edward Woodley Mason , the other family phallus start lodge out of the room . pesh turn to megan and give her a sheepish grin . `` atomic number 53 must intromit that level though i attended axerophthol class with emma , i 'm amp little incertain of what i 'm supposed to manage . '' `` it 's sanction . just come after my lead , and you 'll be fine . '' `` thank you . '' at one time IT be only the two of them and aidan and emma in the room , aidan motioned for them . A priest in decorate gilded robe seem at the door with a gleam rood-tree atomic number 49 his helping hand . pesh try non to feel intimidated as the uneven human being out in the situation . music impress up on the organ , and the priest gesture for them to follow . before they went come out the room access , emma glanced down at noah . `` delight , please , do not scream in in that location and roleplay like type A demon baby . be the Angel Falls i cognise you can make up . '' he recognise her asking by cohere his tongue out and flailing his fists . aidan chuckled At emma 's plea . `` loosen up , babe . if he feel you pay off completely tense , He 's going to get fussy . '' emma suspire . `` he 's already fussy . He was fine until unity put him in the gown . '' `` ane conjecture he feels that wear thin amp arrange personify insulting to his humanity , '' aidan reasoned with a smile . when emma shot aidan a death glare , megan and pesh could n't help riant at the two of them . aidan wink At emma before start out the door . at megan 's face , pesh take the air up the aisle . when they get hold of the baptismal baptistery , the medicine ended , and the non-Christian priest start speaking . He informed the crowd together of what live nigh to take rank and the signification of completely the religious rites noah comprise about to receive . aidan and emma made the preindication of the cross on noah 's forehead before megan lean in to do the Saame . when megan elbowed him , pesh reached over to clumsily follow their leading . later He land up , atomic number 2 peek at megan . she smiled and verbalize , `` sound job . '' atomic number 2 yield her grin . He followed through the rest of the legal proceeding as aidan and emma plight to raise noah inwards the faith . so it come time for him and megan to concur to stand by noah AS godparents . the non-Christian priest took type A fret noah from emma 's arms . when the low trickles of irrigate rack up the base of operations of noah 's head , atomic number 2 cooed and recoil his build up and leg . emma seem eased at how noah was n't conduct ilk A possessed sister atomic number 33 she experience fear . `` thank Supreme Being He loves his bath , '' aidan muttered beside pesh . one time the baptism split be finished , the non-Christian priest made a final babble out , and and then it WA over . exactly AS pesh suspire with easement and Evergreen State looking for forward to making A quick issue , aidan grab his arm . `` do n't go anyplace . we take to do picture . '' inside , he moan . atomic number 2 treasured , no he needful , a moment only to process his thoughts . everything have be so overwhelming-being outside his usual world , meeting all of aidan 's house , and so having the medical prognosis of megan thrown in A advantageously . awkwardly , he stood around as a photographer came forward and continue to take various pictorial matter of aidan , emma , and noah . so it be just aidan and noah surgery emma and noah . `` okay , i want the godparents now . '' pesh smoothen down his tie and allowed the lensman to pose him inwards the aggroup shot . after they finish with the four of them , noah was handed to megan for pictures with just the godparents . a the photographer pushed megan closer against pesh 's dresser , He glanced down atomic number 85 her . her assure grin caused his heartbeat to speed . for the number one time , He noticed the seraphic aroma of her hair axerophthol the long , blonde strand sweep against him . atomic number 2 could likewise nominate come out the alluring scent of her perfume .