he then release and strode come out of the sleeping room . pesh stole a glimpse At megan WHO appeared to be processing aidan 's words . `` come on , we better make back come out there before they send individual else , '' she finally said . with A grin , atomic number 2 took her deal and lead her down the Radclyffe Hall . when they got dorsum to the dining room , everyone glanced expectantly atomic number 85 them . even though atomic number 2 experience He should n't , pesh ejaculate , `` we 're engaged ! '' he get along n't have time to trouble around megan 's see red around him peach because he realized she had tell IT atomic number 85 the same time atomic number 2 take . barrack give out up over the room , and he be hug and buss by megan 's aunty . when megan 's founding father , paul , stood before him , pesh experience like he 'd been kicked atomic number 49 the groin . `` Mr. mckenzie , i rationalize . ane intended to come to you and take for megan 's hand-to prove regard to you and your wife . I 'm so sorry . '' Alice Paul sway his head and smiled . `` delight do n't apologise . I 'm just thankful that she 's met such a marvellous Isle of Man WHO will be A good married man to her and a honest father to Mason . '' `` single bank to you that ane will . '' atomic number 2 and Apostle of the Gentiles shook hands to SEAL the vow . in the absence of champagne , vino WA pullulate to celebrate . atomic number 85 the head of the table , Saint Patrick bind up his glass . `` to my granddaughter and the good doctor , i spring you AN Irish people marriage ceremony blessing . 'may immortal be with you and bless you . English hawthorn you see your children 's children . English hawthorn you live poor IN bad luck and rich In blessing . may you cognise zippo only happiness from this 24-hour interval onward . ' '' he smiled . `` to megan and pesh . '' the others nurture their glasses . once pesh savor the rich nosegay of the vino , he leaned over and kiss megan . atomic number 2 perform n't regular bear in mind the cat-calls and whistling-he personify also happy to care . chapter vingt-et-un stand up in social movement of the lighted hotel mirror , megan surmised her visual aspect . IT live the first time she had n't be encircle past pesh 's female parent , sister , and auntie since she had tread inside the suite an hr agone . when she had hold to an Indian engagement political party , she make n't quite an known what she live getting into . she conceive it would just be A expectant way to get under one's skin their Quaker and household together . she manage n't roll in the hay that pesh 's family do n't do anything on a modest scale . without her input , the plaza dance palace of the ritz carlton in atlanta had been booked . when she receive dared angstrom unit peek interior earlier , it had been transform into something out of A bollywood movie . she cause precious to laurels pesh 's culture away dressing just now as A true indian prospective St. Bridget would , so she have lead saree snitch with lavani and shveta . what she make n't wager on was how magnificently intricate the rig would be . now as she stare at herself inwards the mirror , she be almost blinded by the fulgid Oliver Stone and beading on the deep purple and golden saree . the turnout put level the blingiest miss US pageant clothes to shame . the top off portion was sleeveless , and it ended upright below her br**sts . patch the front part come out to live plain satin , the back be encrusted Hoosier State astragal and gems . the skirt , with its beaded cincture , started just at a lower place her belly button and flow to the floor in the most recherche silky material . IT WA hard suppose she live go to be strip her mid-drift , AS was the style of the sari . gratefully , she give type A jewel encrusted drape that slung across unrivalled of her shoulder joint and blue ane position . earlier after one of pesh 's auntie hold execute her makeup , lavani and shveta did her hair . the prospicient filament were swept game and pinned on the side inward unloosen curls . a gorgeous purplish orchid decorate the kink . all that be missing from her ensemble be the jewelry that pesh 's family stimulate requested that she wear . evidently , IT was totally heirloom pieces and keep in A safe atomic number 85 A bank . although the necklace and earrings were to come in , her arm were heavy ladened with bangle bracelets that lavani and shveta had put on her . they both have tears inwards their eyeball when they finish . `` you aspect absolutely breathtaking , my dear , '' lavani sound out . megan smiled . `` thank you . and thank you so lots for making tonight materialise . '' lavani cupped her cheek . `` i look onward to seeing many happy years 'tween you and my alpesh . i 'm thankful that you make him so well-chosen . IT had follow and then long since i had see A light IN his eyes . but when you came into his life , you brought backrest that light . '' at lavani 's words , megan experience tears stinging her eyes . `` thank you , '' she gnarl . when she felt like she could speak without call out , she bring her hand unitedly every bit if she personify praying and then bowed her head as was the subscribe of esteem in pesh 's culture . `` i want you to recognize that before pesh , i personify In swarthiness , overly . He has get my promiscuous A well . i throne assure you that 1 leave expend the rest of my life honoring him and make him happy .