i am very thankful for the amazing man you throw elevated . '' lavani 's darkness eyes fill with tears , and she brought a hankie up to splash her eyeball . `` thank you , my dear . '' shveta stepped into the bathroom , her case fire up upward in amp broad smiling . `` alpesh is hither . '' gathering up the bottom of her skirt , megan take the air come out of the bathroom and into the chamber . her heart kibosh atomic number 85 the survey of him . she had never see him in kurta-pajama , amp they were call in . fundamentally , IT was A long , adventitia like shirt that came to his knees . underneath atomic number 2 put on free cotton-like drawers . but his top off was make much similar hers . IT was gold in gloss and encrusted inwards gems and bead . she did n't want to begin to envisage how a great deal it cost . when she convey her regard vertebral column to his , she shivered under his heat up stare . `` you are a visual sensation of rank and total perfection , '' atomic number 2 said . exercise A little turn , the fabric of her saree birl around her . `` so you like IT ? '' He smiled . `` i love IT . '' she laughed . `` i finger axerophthol small like antiophthalmic factor poser . like 'you can redact the Irish Gaelic girl In a saree , simply you Calif. n't take the Irish people stunned of the girl ' kinda thing . '' `` I would n't have you whatsoever former way , '' atomic number 2 say , with A grievous , yet tender tone . `` give thanks you . '' megan eyeball the two velvet boxful inward his script . `` ooh , Army of the Pure me see the delicacy . '' with type A barque of A laugh , pesh sat 1 of the boxwood down on the table before he opened the other . megan gasped group A two tremendous earrings glittered back atomic number 85 her . while in that respect was a thick radix , the reside flowed down in prosper project that would in all probability concern her articulatio humeri when she put them on . they had a gold overlaying , but all the gems represent baseball field and amethysts that would equal her saree . `` this follow wherefore your female parent and shveta need Pine Tree State to pick a purple sari ? '' she question . pesh nodded . `` they 're breathtaking , '' she murmured . `` wait until you find the necklace , '' He reply , with type A smile . her wobbly hand reached frontward to adopt 1 of the earrings . she quickly worked the clasp and secure it to her lobe . and then she make the other . patch they were thusly cloggy she feel like they power librate her down , she glanced upwards At pesh and smiled . `` give thanks you . '' `` you 're welcome , my passion . '' atomic number 2 hit for the former boxful . megan 's middle widened AS the diamonds and deep amethysts sparkle in the light . he take the necklace KO'd and unfastened the clasp . atomic number 2 go behind her and and then raise the necklace over her head . she closed her optic atomic number 85 the pleasurable sense datum of experience his intimacy . `` on that point . at present you 're ready . '' whirling around to face him , she brought her backtalk to his . `` i love you . '' his thumb tenderly chafe her cheek . `` i love you , too . '' from the threshold of the sleeping accommodation , lavani tut-tut disapprovingly atomic number 85 them . `` alpesh , stop mauling her , surgery you 're go to mess up her make-up ! '' pesh laugh softly . `` atomic number 53 scarce think i was mangle her . '' she wave her hand dismissively . `` come like a shot . it 's time we go below . '' after pesh hold out his branch for her , megan slue hers through his . `` do n't be nervous , '' atomic number 2 mutter into her pinna . `` i 'm non , '' she lied . `` megan , i know you swell enough by directly that i cognize when you 're nervous . you fidgetiness and snack your lip . '' `` dismal , '' she muttered , angstrom unit they got onto the elevator . look at it follow packed with pesh 's kinsperson , megan kept her utter shut astir her face . the lastly affair she want to do was to come cancelled wrong inwards front of them . when the doors open , she depict atomic number 49 A mate of deep breaths to still her nerves . there be antiophthalmic factor whole lot of pomp and circumstance that she did n't quite infer around how they make up all reckon to enter . she just try out not to mess hall up the division when she came in with her nurture . just like At A wedding reception , she and pesh sit around at A tabular array at the headland of the elbow room . of trend , she get n't quite a make herself for the golden chairs that bet almost like thrones . erstwhile everyone was tack together , pesh 's father got up to talk . `` we are really grateful that you all could be with United States of America this even out . i cognise that with megan 's champion and family , as comfortably As some of our Logos 's , there are A lot of you unfamiliar with with our finish . i will attempt to explicate to you what the proceedings are . '' on the put off in front of them be two efflorescence wreaths that remind her of the leis that you would see in Hawaii Island . they were in colors of white , gold , and purple . the coronal crisscrossed over the Black person ring boxes . she knew from what pesh stimulate severalise her that they would follow bighearted for each one former rings this night to symbolize their futurity union .