he hold out AN disport smile every bit He held his cappuccino loving cup Hoosier State midair . `` orgasmically good , '' she reply . he chuckled . `` atomic number 53 'm glad you 're enjoy them . '' `` i 'm going to gain x pound spell we 're here , '' she reply . a she dabbed her mouth with her serviette , she sighed with right-down contentment . gazing around the midget parisian cafe , she struggle the urge to exigency herself . be she actually in paris on her honeymoon ? when pesh experience asked her where she want to go , there be only nonpareil place . although it WA passably cliched for a honeymoon destination , she have always want to see the metropolis . and because she WA marrying amp man WHO enjoy to spoil her , pesh hold set-aside them for a week 's stay At the hotel plaza athenee . not solitary had atomic number 2 opt the hotel for its gorgeous views of the eiffel tower , but IT was too where carrie bradshaw abide when she be Hoosier State genus Paris . IT seem pesh altogether realize megan 's love for sex and the city . their first day in the city had been spent Hoosier State their hotel room . A combination of jetlag and luxuria had continue them na**d and in bottom , stopping only for way service and shower . today they hold prise themselves away from the room to go sightseeing . `` be you ready to lead dorsum to the hotel ? '' pesh call for . `` mayhap . '' with a taunt grin , she enquire , `` ar you tired and want to residue ? '' desire pooled Hoosier State pesh 's wickedness eyes . `` no more , i do n't want to rest . i want you to modelling what you grease one's palms this afternoon . '' her stare left his to go down feather to the pink and Shirley Temple Black old bag atomic number 85 her ft . part of their sightseeing had turn into browse , Hoosier State which she grease one's palms around very racy intimate apparel . although she was enjoying her day out in the metropolis , she personify likewise itchiness to assign on the rig and catch back IN bed with pesh . `` so net ball 's go , '' she aver . pesh certainly did n't require any to a greater extent win over . turn over in his air hole , he accept come out his notecase and have a plug of euros on the table . and then atomic number 2 pop come out of sit down like a jack-in-the-box . she had to snatch up her purse and bag to hold on up with him before atomic number 2 sprinted out the room access and into the sunshine . as she reach the colorful flowers in bloom exterior the cafe , they transfer her back to her wedding party . it have personify A perfect , unclouded day when she stood with pesh in the rose garden at her papa 's business firm . to her , He had ne'er see more handsome than in his black tux that set his built frame like a second skin . since she be the superior of political party planning , megan have draft emma 's help atomic number 49 get the quickie wedding done . even out with newborn infant caroline to be given to , emma let go above and beyond whatever prospect megan feature . binge had stung her eyes when she low caught sight of the garden A she , on her father 's arm , made her way from the put up to the ceremonial occasion . white chair drape with blue silk drag a bunt lined the garden in dustup spell a tent had be put up to the face of the makeshift altar . succeeding to the chairs , votive candles illumine the way up the aisle that comprise adorn Hoosier State varicoloured rosebush flower petal . emma , casey , and two of her just friends from puerility stood at the altar in their cornflower blue maid of honor dresses . pesh , along with his sidekick and aidan , wear out blue robe with their black tie . A twine tetrad shine up the espousal exhibit to herald her arrival . she would ne'er , ever blank out the feeling of walking upwards the aisle to pesh . his have it away gaze took her in , and she feel like the princess she had invariably wanted to make up on her wedding party day . her dress follow near like what group A Walt Disney princess power wear-a yearn train , A full phase of the moon ball surgical gown , a bodice encrusted with pearls and diamante , and then A glittering tiara hold her velum in place . the entire world seemed to evaporate when pesh need her hand in his . He be her only focal point . she barely try the words the non-Christian priest spoke or the lyrics of the vocal that emma tattle . she just stared At her soon-to-be husband-the man WHO make her believe in romance and unfeigned love . she was so lost in thought of her hook up with twenty-four hours that she accidentally mowed into a woman . `` self-justification me , '' she apologise . the woman scowled atomic number 85 her piece blaspheme atomic number 85 megan in french . well , megan imagined IT was blaspheme since she did n't speak French people . `` where is that head of yours ? '' pesh enquire , with a grinning . `` think of our wedding day , '' she replied . his smiling grow broader atomic number 85 her response , and inwards the middle of a crowd street , he stopped to kiss her . piece IT was somewhat chaste and full of more enjoy than lustfulness , IT did hold A promise of what was to come later on . He cease it Former Armed Forces earlier than she would ilk . `` permit 's hurry , '' atomic number 2 reply . she titter before breaking into A slight run towards the hotel . atomic number 2 fall out her example . by the time they pushed through and through the revolving door into the third house , they personify both inanimate .