Hellblazer is the central character of John Constantine.
John Constantine is the creator of Alan Moore.
John Constantine is the creator of Stephen R. Bissette.
Hellblazer is the originally published by of Dc Comics.
Hellblazer publishs Vertigo.
Paul Jenkins is the writer of John Constantine.
Paul Jenkins is the friend of Rich.
Paul Jenkins is the assistance of Aleister Crowley.
Paul Jenkins is the appearance of Samuel Taylor Coleridge.
Paul Jenkins is the descendant of King Arthur.
Paul Jenkins is the attempt of Merlin.
Paul Jenkins is the conversation of God.
Paul Jenkins is the plot of Ellie.
Paul Jenkins is the plan of First Of The Fallen.
Paul Jenkins is the return of Kit Ryan.
Denise Mina is the writer of John Constantine.
Denise Mina sets Glasgow.
Andy Diggle is the writer of John Constantine.
Peter Milligan is the writer of John Constantine.
Peter Milligan is the relationship of Phoebe.
Peter Milligan is the relationship of Epiphany Greaves.
Peter Milligan is the encounter of Julian.
Peter Milligan is the relationship of Terry.
Peter Milligan is the affair of Finn.
John Constantine is the relationship of Epiphany.
John Constantine is the relationship of Finn.
John Constantine is the relationship of Gemma.
Peter Milligan is the relationship of Jeff Lemire.
Peter Milligan is the relationship of Robert Venditti.
Robert Venditti is the relationship of Renato Guedes.
Ming Doyle is the relationship of Riley Rossmo.
Jamie Delano is the relationship of Garth Ennis.
Garth Ennis is the relationship of Brian Azzarello.
Brian Azzarello is the relationship of Warren Ellis.
Warren Ellis is the relationship of Peter Milligan.
Alan Moore is the relationship of Jamie Delano.
Alan Moore is the relationship of Brian Azzarello.
Joshua Hale Fialkov is the relationship of Ian Rankin.
Ian Rankin is the relationship of Leah Moore.
Dan Didio is the relationship of Hellblazer.
Dan Didio is the relationship of Constantine.
Guillermo Del Toro is the relationship of John Constantine.
Guillermo Del Toro is the relationship of Zatanna.
Guillermo Del Toro is the relationship of Swamp Thing.
Neil Marshall is the relationship of Constantine.
Matt Ryan is the relationship of Constantine.
Lorenzo Di Bonaventura is the relationship of Constantine.