Leslie Andrew is the recipient of Victoria Cross.
Leslie Andrew is the service of New Zealand Military Forces.
Leslie Andrew is the participant of Battle Of Passchendaele.
Leslie Andrew is the service of New Zealand Expeditionary Force.
Leslie Andrew is the service of Territorial Force.
Leslie Andrew is the service of Western Front.
Leslie Andrew is the service of England.
Leslie Andrew is the service of New Zealand Staff Corps.
Leslie Andrew is the service of Second World War.
Leslie Andrew is the commander of 22Nd Battalion.
Leslie Andrew is the participant of Battles Of Greece.
Leslie Andrew is the participant of Crete.
Leslie Andrew is the participant of North African Campaign.
Leslie Andrew is the commander of Wellington Fortress Area.
Leslie Andrew is the service of Wellington.
Leslie Andrew is the birthplace of Ashhurst.
Leslie Andrew is the birthplace of Manawatu.
Leslie Andrew grows Wanganui.
Leslie Andrew is the education of Wanganui Collegiate School.
Leslie Andrew is the employment of New Zealand Railways Department.
Leslie Andrew is the participation of Cadet Program.
Leslie Andrew is the service of First World War.
Leslie Andrew is the participant of Somme Offensive.
Leslie Andrew is the participant of Battle Of Flers-Courcelette.
Leslie Andrew is the participant of Battle Of Messines.
Leslie Andrew is the participant of Battle Of Passchendaele.
Leslie Andrew is the engagement of La Basseville.
Leslie Andrew is the recipient of Victoria Cross (Vc).
Leslie Andrew is the service of France.
Leslie Andrew is the service of B Company.
Leslie Andrew is the engagement of Machine-Gun Post.
Leslie Andrew is the service of Second World War.
Leslie Andrew is the defence of Maleme Airfield.
Leslie Andrew is the defence of Point 107.
Leslie Andrew is the opponent of German Paratroopers.
Leslie Andrew is the participant of North African Campaign.
Leslie Andrew is the attendance of Imperial Defence College.
Leslie Andrew is the commander of Central Military District.
Leslie Andrew declines Parliament.
Leslie Andrew is the burial of Levin Rsa Cemetery.
Leslie Andrew is the burial of Levin.
Leslie Andrew is the display of Qeii Army Memorial Museum.
Leslie Andrew is the display location of Waiouru.
Leslie Andrew is the recovery of New Zealand Police.
Leslie Andrew is the contributor of Michael Ashcroft.
Leslie Andrew is the contributor of Tom Sturgess.