Zygoballus Sexpunctatus is the belongs to of Jumping Spider.
Zygoballus Sexpunctatus is the occurs in of United States.
Nicholas Marcellus Hentz is the described of Boston Journal Of Natural History.
Attus Sexpunctatus classifys Pugnatoriae.
Attus Sexpunctatus renames Zygoballus.
George And Elizabeth Peckham renames Zygoballus Sexpunctatus.
Zygoballus Sexpunctatus houses Museum Of Comparative Zoology.
Zygoballus Sexpunctatus houses British Museum.
Zygoballus Sexpunctatus houses Milwaukee Public Museum.
Zygoballus Sexpunctatus houses American Museum Of Natural History.
Zygoballus Sexpunctatus houses Muséum National D'Histoire Naturelle.
Zygoballus classifys Dendryphantinae.
Dendryphantinae is the belongs to of Salticidae.
B. J. Kaston studys Tennessee.
Robert And Betty Barnes reports North Carolina.
Robert And Betty Barnes reports Florida.
Robert And Betty Barnes reports Texas.
Robert And Betty Barnes reports Louisiana.
Robert And Betty Barnes reports Mississippi.
Robert And Betty Barnes reports Alachua County.
Robert And Betty Barnes reports Georgia.
Virginia Tech participates 1986 Peach Bowl.
North Carolina State participates 1986 Peach Bowl.
1986 Peach Bowl locates Atlanta.
1986 Peach Bowl holds Fulton County Stadium.
Dick Sheridan is the coached of North Carolina State.
Temple Owls plays Virginia Tech.
Grant Field locates Georgia Tech.
Wolfpack is the victory of Clemson Tigers.
Wolfpack is the loss of Virginia Cavaliers.
Wolfpack is the victory of Duke.
Wolfpack is the victory of Western Carolina Catamounts Football.
Wolfpack is the participation of Peach Bowl.
Bill Dooley is the coached of Virginia Tech.
Bill Dooley is the successor of Frank Beamer.
Virginia Tech is the player of Erik Chapman.
Virginia Tech is the player of Maurice Williams.
Virginia Tech is the player of Eddie Hunter.
Virginia Tech suspends Jim Davie.
Virginia Tech suspends Morgan Roane.
Virginia Tech is the player of Carter Wiley.
Virginia Tech is the player of Billy Myers.
Virginia Tech is the player of Lawrence White.
Virginia Tech is the player of Paul Nelson.
Virginia Tech is the player of Jamel Agemy.
Virginia Tech is the player of Chris Kinzer.
Virginia Tech is the player of Steve Johnson.
Virginia Tech is the player of Donnelly.
Erik Kramer is the teammate of Nasrallah Worthen.
Erik Kramer is the teammate of Derrick Taylor.
Erik Kramer is the teammate of Haywood Jeffires.
Erik Kramer is the teammate of Ralph Britt.
Maurice Williams is the teammate of Eddie Hunter.
Jim Davie suspends Morgan Roane.
Carter Wiley is the teammate of Billy Myers.
Lawrence White is the teammate of Paul Nelson.
Lawrence White is the teammate of Jamel Agemy.
Derrick Taylor is the teammate of Pat Teague.
Derrick Taylor is the teammate of Kelvin Crooms.
Mike Cofer is the teammate of Chris Kinzer.
Mal Crite is the teammate of Erik Kramer.
Tech is the possession of Ball.
Tech attempts Fourth Down.
Tech is the subject of action of Hokies.
Hokies performs Drive.
Hokies picks Yardage.
Hokies is the continued action of First Downs.
Hokies is the advanced towards of Nc State.
Quarterback Chapman sacks Yard Line.
Quarterback Chapman is the threw of Pass.
Quarterback Chapman is the teammate of Williams.
Williams rushs End Zone.
Williams cuts Wolfpack.
Virginia Tech attempts Two-Point Conversion.
Nc State receives Kickoff.
Nc State returns Ball.
Wolfpack haves Offense.
Wolfpack performs Play.
Nc State ends Quarter.
Nc State is the in possession of of Possession.
Nc State starts Yard Line.
Nc State faces Facing A Second Down And One Yard.
Erik Kramer is the ran of Ball.
Erik Kramer commits Fumbled.
Virginia Tech takes Hokie Offense.
Virginia Tech is the threw to of David Everett.
Virginia Tech is the drove into of Wolfpack Territory.
Tech follows Pass.
Tech drives Field.
Hokies uses Run And Pass Plays.
Hokies penetrates Nc State 20-Yard Line.
Hokies stiffens State Defense.
Hokies gains First Down.
Hokies takes State Seven-Yard Line.
Hokies earns Touchdown.
Hokies attempts Two-Point Conversion.
Hokies gives Touchdown.
Hokies commits Unsportsmanlike Conduct Penalty.
Nc State acquires Good Field Position.
Nc State starts Kickoff Return.
Nc State completes Nasrallah Worthen.
Nc State is the drove into of Tech Side Of The Field.
Nc State completes Bobby Crumpler.
Nc State enters Tech Red Zone.
Nc State tackles Kramer.
Nc State loses Tech Red Zone.
Nc State fails Tech Red Zone.
Nc State attempts Mike Cofer.
Nc State completes Yard Kick.
Nc State regains Field Goal.
Tech follows Post-Score Kick.
Tech begins Offensive Drive.
Tech starts 23-Yard Line.
Hokies picks First Down.
Hokies uses Rushing Plays.
Hokies uses Passing Play.
Hokies is the drove to of 45-Yard Line.
Hokies forces Punt.
Ball punts Nc State.
Nc State is the field at of 14-Yard Line.
Nc State begins Offense.
Mal Crite is the ran for of 40-Yard Gain.
Mal Crite pushs Tech 46-Yard Line.
Mal Crite pushs Seven Yards.
Mal Crite prepares Punt.
Kelly Hollodick receives Snap.
Kelly Hollodick receives Fourth Down.
Kelly Hollodick is the ran for of First Down.
Tech stops Clock.
Tech prevents State.
State punts Ball.
Ball punts Tech.
State runs Clock.
Tech calls Timeout.
State calls Timeout.
State punts Ball.
Tech takes 20-Yard Line.
Tech calls Timeout.
Tech attempts Field Goal.
Chris Kinzer kicks Field Goal.
Chris Kinzer sails Uprights.
Chris Kinzer is the won victory as time expired of Virginia Tech.
Erik Kramer names Offensive Most Valuable Player.
Nc State names Offensive Most Valuable Player.
Derrick Taylor names Defensive Most Valuable Player.
Kramer completes Passes.
Kramer passs Yards.
Eric Chapman finishs Completions.
Eric Chapman is the threw for of Touchdowns.
Eric Chapman passs Passing Yards.
Maurice Williams is the remains longest play from scrimmage of 77-Yard Run.
Maurice Williams finishs Yards.
Maurice Williams bes Leading Rusher.
Hunter bes Place Rusher.
Hunter is the ran with of Carries.
Nc State bes Leading Rusher.
Mal Crite is the ran with of Carries.
Virginia Tech is the brought to of Bowl Win.
Virginia Tech is the brought to of Final 1986 Record.
Nc State takes Final Record.
Virginia Tech bes Bowl Win.
Tech is the first in school history of Bowl Win.
Tech is the only until 1993 of Bowl Win.
Peach Bowl pleases Turnout.
Peach Bowl pleases Action On The Field.
Peach Bowl haves No-Shows.
Peach Bowl is the out of of Tickets Sold.
Peach Bowl is the sought of Corporate Sponsorship.
Peach Bowl is the sought of Television Broadcast Deal.
Peach Bowl makes Profit.
Peach Bowl continues Game.
Chris Kinzer dos Nfl.
Chris Kinzer attends Nfl Teams.
Chris Kinzer is the never materialized of Contract.
Chris Kinzer sells Insurance.
Chris Kinzer reentereds School.