Tommy Lawton plays English Football Player.
Tommy Lawton manages English Football Manager.
Tommy Lawton plays Centre-Forward.
Tommy Lawton plays Burnley.
Tommy Lawton plays Everton.
Tommy Lawton plays Chelsea.
Tommy Lawton plays Notts County.
Tommy Lawton plays Brentford.
Tommy Lawton plays Arsenal.
Tommy Lawton manages Kettering Town.
Tommy Lawton plays England.
Tommy Lawton plays Portugal.
Tommy Lawton is the won of British Home Championship.
Tommy Lawton represents Football League Xi.
Tommy Lawton plays Great Britain.
Tommy Lawton is the ashes held in of National Football Museum.
Tommy Lawton inducts English Football Hall Of Fame.
Tommy Lawton is the mother is of Elizabeth Riley.
Tommy Lawton is the father is of Thomas Lawton Senior.
Tommy Lawton is the surrogate father is of James Hugh Riley.
Tommy Lawton is the teammate of of Dixie Dean.
Tommy Lawton punchs Theo Kelly.
Tommy Lawton manages Tom Bromilow.
Tommy Lawton alerts Charles Sutcliffe.
Tommy Lawton is the contempt for of Walter Winterbottom.
Tommy Lawton emerges Jackie Milburn.
Tommy Lawton emerges Nat Lofthouse.
Tommy Lawton struggles Cecil Smith.
Tommy Lawton marks Syd Bycroft.
Tommy Lawton is the grandfather is of Jim Riley.
Tommy Lawton promises Harold Walmsley.
Tommy Lawton reunites Arthur Stollery.
Tommy Lawton suggests Eric Houghton.
Tommy Lawton approachs Bill Murray.
Tommy Lawton plays Learie Constantine.
Tommy Lawton plays Amar Singh.
Lawton is the teammate of Jackie Sewell.
Club sells Jackie Sewell.
Lawton angers Jackie Sewell.
Lawton disappoints Jackie Sewell.
Lawton is the available for transfer of Jackie Sewell.
Lawton joins Brentford.
Jackie Gibbons is the left club of Brentford.
Jackie Gibbons succeeds Jimmy Bain.
Jimmy Bain appoints Lawton.
Lawton resigns Brentford.
Brentford sells Ron Greenwood.
Brentford sells Jimmy Hill.
Brentford signs Frank Broome.
Brentford signs Ian Mcpherson.
Arsenal trades Lawton.
Tom Whittaker signs Lawton.
Lawton scores Chelsea.
Lawton scores Cardiff City.
Lawton scores Cardiff City.
Lawton is the announced decision to leave of Arsenal.
Lawton is the limited appearances due to injury of Nat Lofthouse.
Walter Winterbottom plays Lawton.
Stanley Matthews praises Lawton.
Lawton appoints Kettering Town.
Lawton wins Kettering Town.
Frank Broome is the caretaker manager of Notts County.
Jeff Astle signs Notts County.
Tony Hateley signs Notts County.
Lawton appoints Notts County.
Lawton relegates Notts County.
Lawton returns Kettering Town.
Wally Akers resigns Kettering Town.
Kettering Town ends Relegated From Southern League Premier Division.
Kettering Town offers Relegated From Southern League Premier Division.
Lawton takes Insurance Job.
Lawton returns Notts County.
Jimmy Sirrel appoints Notts County.