Somerset locates England.
Somerset is the administers of Somerset County Council.
Somerset is the contains district of West Somerset.
Somerset is the contains district of South Somerset.
Somerset is the contains district of Taunton Deane.
Somerset is the contains district of Mendip.
Somerset is the contains district of Sedgemoor.
Somerset is the contains district of North Somerset.
Somerset is the contains district of Bath And North East Somerset.
Somerset is the previous county of Avon.
English Heritage is the responsible for listing of Somerset.
Poyntz Wright is the historical reference of Somerset.
Bath locates Mendip Hills.
Bath locates Cotswold Hills.
Bath locates Wiltshire.
Bath locates Banes.
Banes is the contains principal settlement of Bath.
Banes is the contains settlement of Keynsham.
Banes is the contains settlement of Midsomer Norton.
Banes is the contains settlement of Radstock.
Banes is the contains settlement of Chew Valley.
Banes associates John Wood.
Banes associates Robert Adam.
Banes associates Thomas Baldwin.
Banes is the administrative centre of Shepton Mallet.
Mendip is the contains concentration of grade i buildings of Wells.
Mendip is the contains concentration of grade i buildings of Glastonbury.
Glastonbury locates Glastonbury Tor.
Glastonbury locates Chalice Well.
Glastonbury locates Glastonbury Abbey.
Glastonbury locates St Michael.
Glastonbury locates Farleigh Hungerford Castle.
Glastonbury locates Norton St Philip.
Glastonbury locates Seymours Court Farmhouse.
Glastonbury locates Croscombe.
Glastonbury locates Mells Manor.
Glastonbury locates Southill House.
Glastonbury locates Ston Easton Park.
Glastonbury locates Ammerdown House.
Glastonbury associates Sir Thomas Graham Jackson.
Glastonbury locates Downside Abbey.
North Somerset locates Weston-Super-Mare.
North Somerset locates Clifton Suspension Bridge.
North Somerset locates Clevedon Pier.
North Somerset locates Clevedon Court.
North Somerset locates Ashton Court.
North Somerset locates Nailsea Court.
North Somerset locates Tickenham.
North Somerset locates Tyntesfield.
North Somerset locates Wraxall.
North Somerset locates Castle Street.
North Somerset locates Bridgwater.
North Somerset locates Cannington.
North Somerset locates Cannington Court.
North Somerset locates Gurney Manor.
North Somerset locates Blackmoor Farmhouse.
North Somerset locates St Michael.
North Somerset locates Brent Knoll.
North Somerset locates Charlynch.
North Somerset locates Stowey Castle.
North Somerset locates Halswell House.
North Somerset associates Sir Nicholas Halswell.
North Somerset associates Halswell Tynte.
North Somerset locates Corn Exchange.
South Somerset is the administrative centre of Yeovil.
South Somerset locates Muchelney Abbey.
South Somerset locates Stavordale Priory.
South Somerset locates Stoke Sub Hamdon Priory.
South Somerset locates Langport.
South Somerset locates The Abbey.
South Somerset locates Charlton Mackrell.
Priory locates East Coker.
Abbey Farm House locates Yeovil.
Abbey Barn locates Yeovil.
Burton Pynsent Monument designs William Pitt.
King Alfred'S Tower associates Alfred The Great.
Newton Surmaville builds Robert Harbin.
Lytes Cary praises Nikolaus Pevsner.
Tintinhull enlarges Decimus Burton.
Ven House funds Henry Hoare.
Brympton D'Evercy describes Auberon Waugh.
Taunton Deane centers Taunton.
Castle Bow incorporates Castle Hotel.
Castle Bow is the part of of Taunton Castle.
Gray'S Alsmhouses is the dates from of 1635.
Cothay Manor builds Stawley.
Greenham Barton builds Stawley.
Poundisford Park builds 16Th Century.
Cothelstone Manor builds 16Th Century.
Hatch Court builds 1755.
Hestercombe House is the rebuilt in of 1909.
Culbone Church locates England.
Tarr Steps is the dates from of Bronze Age.
Dunster Castle builds 1617.
Yarn Market builds 1609.
Gallox Bridge is the dates from of 15Th Century.
Priory Church Of St George is the partly from of 15Th Century.
Nettlecombe Court is the dates from of Medieval.
Orchard Wyndham is the dates from of Medieval.