Rihanna is the collaborator of Shontelle.
Rihanna is the collaborator of Rock City.
Rock City is the inspiration of Bob Marley.
Rihanna is the collaborator of Anthony Mandler.
Rihanna mentions Gabrielle Union.
Rihanna involves Chris Brown.
Ray Daniels is the manager of Rock City.
Ray Daniels is the manager of Theron Thomas.
Ray Daniels is the manager of Timothy Thomas.
Shama Joseph is the producer of Rihanna.
Shama Joseph is the producer of Rock City.
Cary Clark records Rihanna.
Kuk Harrell produces Rihanna.
Josh Gudwin produces Rihanna.
Marcos Tovar produces Rihanna.
Bobby Campbell assists Rihanna.
Manny Marroquin is the mixed song of Rihanna.
Manny Marroquin assists Erik Madrid.
Manny Marroquin assists Christian Plata.
Makeba Riddick is the example of vocal producer of Rihanna.
Leah Greenblatt describes Rihanna.
Sal Cinquemani describes Rihanna.
Jon Pareles is the described singer as playing up west indian accent of Rihanna.
August Brown is the described vocals as reasserting caribbean lilt of Rihanna.
Bradley Stern describes Rihanna.
Ryan Burleson describes Rihanna.
Emily Mackay describes Rihanna.
Nima Baniamer describes Rihanna.
Claire Lobenfeld describes Rihanna.
Man Down reachs Uk R & B Chart.
Man Down is the spent 18 weeks in the top 40 on of Uk R & B Chart.
Man Down peaks Belgium.
Man Down peaks Belgium.
Man Down certifys Belgian Entertainment Association (Bea).
Man Down is the spent 1 week at number 8 on of Italian Singles Chart.
Man Down certifys Federazione Industria Musicale Italiana (Fimi).
Anthony Mandler directs Man Down.
Rihanna performs Man Down.
Janell Hobson analyzes Man Down.
Diane Sawyer interviews Rihanna.
Chris Brown assaults Rihanna.
Beck Bain describes Man Down.
Lee Ann labels Man Down.
Theron Thomas is the felt that the video was very theatrical and rihanna played her role perfectly of Man Down.
Julianne Escobedo Shepherd critiques Rihanna.
Kanye West releases Rihanna.
Gabrielle Union is the voiced support for the video on twitter of Rihanna.
Madonna releases Anthony Mandler.
James Lachno highlights Rihanna.
Katie Fitzpatrick comments Rihanna.
Gary Graff expresss Rihanna.
Leona Lewis performs Rihanna.