Hampshire is the points deduction of Worcestershire.
Durham is the points deduction of Sussex.
Somerset is the points deduction of Durham.
Sussex is the points deduction of Worcestershire.
Somerset is the controversy of Middlesex.
Somerset is the victory of Kent.
Somerset is the victory of Scotland.
Middlesex is the lowest total against of Somerset.
Middlesex is the highest total against of Somerset.
Somerset is the highest total scored of Scotland.
Zander De Bruyn is the highest batting average of Somerset.
Somerset is the second highest total scored of Hampshire.
Alfonso Thomas leads Somerset.
Peter Trego is the wickets taken of Somerset.
Chris Schofield is the joint leading wicket-taker of Alfonso Thomas.
Dominic Cork is the joint leading wicket-taker of Alfonso Thomas.
Peter Trego is the wickets taken of Somerset.
James Hildreth is the highest score of Somerset.
Hampshire is the second highest total scored of Somerset.
Justin Langer is the captain of Somerset.
Max Waller is the debut of Somerset.
Max Waller is the wickets taken of Somerset.
Joe Denly dismisss Kent.
Martin Van Jaarsveld dismisss Kent.
Dwayne Smith is the runs scored of Sussex.
Zander De Bruyn is the runs scored of Somerset.
James Hildreth is the runs scored of Somerset.
Craig Kieswetter is the runs scored of Somerset.
Marcus Trescothick is the runs scored of Somerset.
Steve James is the description of Somerset.
Andrew Mcglashan is the description of Somerset.
Scyld Berry is the description of Somerset.
Brian Rose is the support of Somerset.
Wes Durston releases Somerset.
Brett Lee is the bowling display of Somerset.
Stuart Clark is the bowling display of Somerset.
Carl Gazzard is the retirement of Somerset.
Craig Kieswetter is the performance of Somerset.
Murali Kartik is the signing of Somerset.
Jos Buttler is the representation of England Under-19S.
Calum Haggett is the representation of England Under-19S.
Andrew Caddick is the retirement of Somerset.
Omari Banks releases Somerset.
Andy Nash is the financial success of Somerset.