Rio De Janeiro hosts 2016 Summer Olympics.
Rio De Janeiro hosts Paralympics.
Rio De Janeiro hosts Games Of The Xxxi Olympiad.
Rio De Janeiro hosts Xv Paralympic Games.
Rio De Janeiro submits International Olympic Committee.
Rio De Janeiro recognizes Applicant City.
Rio De Janeiro becomes Candidate City.
Brazilian Olympic Committee is the chose as bidding city of Rio De Janeiro.
Rio De Janeiro is the first city in to host games of South America.
Rio De Janeiro plans Usd 14.4 Billion.
Rio De Janeiro plans Barra.
Rio De Janeiro plans Copacabana.
Rio De Janeiro plans Deodoro.
Rio De Janeiro plans Maracanã.
Rio De Janeiro plans Belo Horizonte.
Rio De Janeiro plans Brasília.
Rio De Janeiro plans Salvador.
Rio De Janeiro plans São Paulo.
Rio De Janeiro plans Golf.
Rio De Janeiro plans Rugby Union.
Rio De Janeiro hosts Copenhagen.
Rio De Janeiro plans August 5 To 21.
Rio De Janeiro plans September 7 To 18.
Palácio Da Cidade is the location of bid flag raising ceremony of Rio De Janeiro.
Olympic Museum is the location of applicant cities ' seminar of Lausanne.
Lausanne is the location of bid file delivery of Rio De Janeiro.
Athens is the location of candidate city announcement of Rio De Janeiro.
Greece is the location of candidate city announcement of Athens.
London is the location of ioc official debriefing of United Kingdom.
Baku is the applicant city in previous bids of Rio De Janeiro.
Doha is the applicant city in previous bids of Rio De Janeiro.
Prague is the applicant city in previous bids of Rio De Janeiro.
Chicago is the applicant city in previous bids of Rio De Janeiro.
Madrid is the applicant city in previous bids of Rio De Janeiro.
Tokyo is the applicant city in previous bids of Rio De Janeiro.
Acclamation is the decision to bid for olympics of Rio De Janeiro.
Xv Pan American Games is the legacy of hosting of Rio De Janeiro.
Pan American Sports Organization is the presentation to of Rio De Janeiro.
Paso is the presentation to of Rio De Janeiro.
Olympic Council Of Asia is the presentation to of Rio De Janeiro.
Oca is the presentation to of Rio De Janeiro.
European Olympic Committees is the presentation to of Rio De Janeiro.
Eoc is the presentation to of Rio De Janeiro.
Denver is the presentation in of United States.
Queenstown is the presentation in of New Zealand.
Abuja is the presentation in of Nigeria.
Association Of National Olympic Committees Of Africa is the presentation to of Rio De Janeiro.
Anoca is the presentation to of Rio De Janeiro.
Oceania National Olympic Committees is the presentation to of Rio De Janeiro.
Onoc is the presentation to of Rio De Janeiro.
Ioc Evaluation Commission assesss Rio De Janeiro.
Nawal El Moutawakel is the chairperson of of Ioc Evaluation Commission.
Carlos Arthur Nuzman is the president of of Brazilian Olympic Committee.
César Maia is the mayor of of Rio De Janeiro.
Carlos Roberto Osório is the presenter of venues plan of Rio De Janeiro.
Henrique Meirelles explains Brazil.
Eduardo Paes is the presenter of venues plan of Rio De Janeiro.
Isabel Swan is the olympic sailor in presentation of Rio De Janeiro.
Pelé is the athlete in presentation of Rio De Janeiro.
Daniel Dias is the athlete in presentation of Rio De Janeiro.
Bárbara Leôncio is the athlete in presentation of Rio De Janeiro.
Luiz Inácio Lula Da Silva is the president of of Brazil.
Fernando Meirelles is the director of film in presentation of Rio De Janeiro.
Gilberto Gil is the singer in music video of Rio De Janeiro.
Arne Ljungqvist questions Rio De Janeiro.
Prince Albert Of Monaco questions Rio De Janeiro.
Prince Albert Of Monaco questions Rio De Janeiro.
Austin Sealy questions Brazil.
El Moutawakel presents Evaluation Commission.
Evaluation Commission presents Session.
Ioc eliminates Chicago.
Ioc votes Tokyo.
Ioc votes Rio.
Ioc votes Madrid.
Tokyo eliminates Madrid.
Madrid votes Rio.
Rio elects Madrid.
Jacques Rogge is the revealed winning city of Rio.
Lillian Gjerulf Kretz hosts Session.
Jonathan Edwards hosts Session.
Richard Carrión signs Rio.
Rogge signs Rio.
Nuzman signs Rio.
Paes signs Rio.
Carlos Arthur Nuzman is the chairperson of of Honorary Council.
Honorary Council is the member of of Luiz Inácio Lula Da Silva.
Honorary Council is the member of of Sérgio Cabral.
Honorary Council is the member of of Eduardo Paes.
Honorary Council is the member of of Carlos Arthur Nuzman.
Honorary Council is the member of of João Havelange.
Carlos Arthur Nuzman is the chairperson of of Executive Board.
Executive Board divides Government Coordination Commission.
Executive Board divides Business Council.
Executive Board divides Legacy Committee.
Executive Board divides Athletes' Commission.
Executive Board is the responsible for operations of Government Coordination Commission.
Executive Board is the responsible for operations of Business Council.
Executive Board is the responsible for operations of Legacy Committee.
Executive Board is the responsible for operations of Athletes' Commission.
Executive Board includes Government Coordination Commission.
Executive Board includes Business Council.
Executive Board includes Legacy Committee.
Executive Board includes Athletes' Commission.
Carlos Roberto Osório coordinates Executive Board.
Mike Lee is the lead advisor to of Rio De Janeiro.
Mike Lee is the owner of of Vero Campaigning Communications.
Vero Campaigning Communications is the responsible for planning of Rio De Janeiro.
Vero Campaigning Communications is the responsible for advertising of Rio De Janeiro.
Vero Campaigning Communications is the responsible for presentation scripts of Rio De Janeiro.
Vero Campaigning Communications is the responsible for visual support of Rio De Janeiro.
Vero Campaigning Communications is the responsible for international media relations of Rio De Janeiro.
Vero Campaigning Communications is the responsible for press conferences of Rio De Janeiro.
Rio backs Federal Government.
Rio backs State Government.
Rio backs City Government.
Rio backs All Major Political Parties.
Brazilian President forms Government Action Management Committee.
Orlando Silva coordinates Government Action Management Committee.
Brazilian President creates Olympic Development Authority.
Sydney is the model developed by of Olympic Development Authority.
Organising Committee For The Olympic Games is the responsible for planning of Rio.
Ministry Of External Relations guarantees Rio.
Ministry Of Labor guarantees Rio.
Doha criticizes Rio.
Doha accuses Rio.
Rio outperforms Doha.
Rio rejects Doha.
Rio accuses Madrid.
Simon Walsh accuses Madrid.
Simon Walsh works Efe.
Madrid is the stripped of accreditation of Simon Walsh.
Madrid denys Rio.
Nbc airs Rio.
Nbc is the episode from of Law & Order: Criminal Intent.
Nbc mentions Rio.
Axn airs Rio.
Eduardo Paes criticizes Law & Order: Criminal Intent.
Rio condemns Law & Order: Criminal Intent.
Rio lodges Madrid.
José Maria Odriozola criticizes Madrid.
Richard M. Daley criticizes Chicago.
Mercedes Coghen apologizes Madrid.
Shintarō Ishihara blames Tokyo.
Rio is the repudiated statements of Shintarō Ishihara.
Rio notifys Ioc.
Robin Williams interviews David Letterman.
Robin Williams makes Rio.
Rio De Janeiro hosts 2014 Fifa World Cup.
Rio De Janeiro hosts Summer Paralympics.
Rio De Janeiro hosts Iii Parapan American Games.
Iii Parapan American Games recognizes International Paralympic Committee.
Iii Parapan American Games recognizes Americas Paralympic Committee.
Rio De Janeiro involves Brazilian Paralympic Committee.
Rio De Janeiro is the funding provided of Program For Growth Acceleration.
Rio De Janeiro receives Ioc.
Rio De Janeiro is the responsible for security of 2016 summer olympics and paralympics of Federal Government.
Rio De Janeiro is the main solution for city 's topography of Bus Rapid Transit (Brt).