Mexico City Metropolitan Cathedral dedicates Most Blessed Virgin Mary.
Mexico City Metropolitan Cathedral is the architect of Claudio De Arciniega.
Mexico City Metropolitan Cathedral uses Hernán Cortés.
Mexico City Metropolitan Cathedral is the director of Martín De Sepúlveda.
Mexico City Metropolitan Cathedral promotes Juan De Zumárraga.
Mexico City Metropolitan Cathedral is the carvings done by of Juan Salcedo Espinosa.
Mexico City Metropolitan Cathedral gilds Francisco De Zumaya.
Mexico City Metropolitan Cathedral gilds Andrés De La Concha.
Mexico City Metropolitan Cathedral is the bell towers work of José Damian Ortiz De Castro.
Mexico City Metropolitan Cathedral completes Manuel Tolsá.
Mexico City Metropolitan Cathedral inspires Juan Paul Rubens.
Mexico City Metropolitan Cathedral creates José Zacarías Cora.
Mexico City Metropolitan Cathedral creates Santiago Cristóbal Sandoval.
Mexico City Metropolitan Cathedral builds Lorenzo Rodríguez.
Mexico City Metropolitan Cathedral crafts Pedro Patiño Ixtolinque.
Pedro Ramírez is the paintings depict scenes from the life of christ of Christ.
Silversmith Guild donates Conception.
Silversmith Guild donates Saint Eligius.
Charles V Of Spain is the sent image as a gift from charles v of spain of Our Lord Of Good Sending.
Antonio Gonzalez Velazquez adds Chapel Of Our Lady Of Sorrows.
Francisco Terrazas sculpts Virgin Of Sorrows.
Emperor Maximilian I Of Mexico requests Virgin Of Sorrows.
Juan De Zumarraga is the remains located in the largest crypt in the crypt of the archbishops of Crypt Of The Archbishops.
Philip Of Jesus is the chapel dedicated to philip of jesus , the only martyr from new spain of Chapel Of Saint Philip Of Jesus.
Choir builds Juan De Rojas.
Choir rails Sangley Queaulo.
Juan De Zumárraga is the stone skull incorporated into the cenotaph of juan de zumárraga of Mexica-Style Stone Skull.
Fire Of 1967 is the extensive damage caused by fire to the altar of forgiveness of Altar Of Forgiveness.
Fire Of 1967 is the 75 seats lost in the choir section due to fire of Choir.
Fire Of 1967 names Jaime Ortiz Lajous.
Hernán Cortés is the copy of hernán cortés ' nomination found inside one of the organs of Altar Of Forgiveness.
World Monuments Watch includes Cultural Identity.
Manuel Rivera Cambas reports Cultural Identity.