Zagreb Synagogue is the location of Croatia.
Zagreb Synagogue models Vienna.
Zagreb Synagogue is the architect of Franjo Klein.
Zagreb Synagogue models Ludwig Förster.
Zagreb Synagogue encourages Emperor Joseph Ii.
Zagreb Synagogue is the demolition order of Ivan Werner.
Zagreb Synagogue discovers Lordan Zafranović.
Zagreb Synagogue saves Leonardo Grivičić.
Zagreb Synagogue is the neighbor of leonardo grivičić of Mile Budak.
Zagreb Synagogue is the regime leader of Ante Pavelić.
Zagreb Synagogue is the regime supporter of Edmund Glaise-Horstenau.
Zagreb Synagogue is the homily speaker of Aloysius Stepinac.
Zagreb Synagogue saves Ivo Kraus.
Zagreb Synagogue is the reconstruction proposal of Franjo Tuđman.
Zagreb Synagogue declines Jakov Bienenfeld.
Zagreb Synagogue is the bet israel leader of Ivo Goldstein.
Zagreb Synagogue is the bet israel leader of Slavko Goldstein.
Zagreb Synagogue is the project refusal of Ognjen Kraus.
Hurricane is the location of New England.
Reports reports Rainfall.
Reports reports Deaths.
Hurricane kills Individuals.
Hurricane is the tracked of Track.
Meteorological History occurs Hurricane.
Meteorological History notes David M. Ludlum.
David M. Ludlum follows Disturbance.
Disturbance moves Bahamas.
Disturbance persists Winds.
Bahamas persists Winds.
Bahamas is the east of of Bahamian Island Of Eleuthera.
Hurricane approachs Charleston.
Charleston locates South Carolina.
Charleston indicates Easterly Flow.
Hurricane makes Cape Fear River.
Hurricane causes Impacts.
Hurricane starts Storm.
Storm moves Norfolk.
Storm moves Virginia.
Storm moves Offshore.
Storm moves Nova Scotia.
Vessels owns Jérôme Bonaparte.
Vessels damages Fleet.
Vessels damages French Ship.
French Ship dismasteds Line Impétueux.
French Ship lands Cape Henry.
Lighthouse locates North Island.
North Island flanks Winyah Bay.
Georgetown affects Hurricane.
Georgetown compares Antigua – Charleston Hurricane.
Georgetown is the experienced of Storm Surge.
Georgetown ruins Cotton Field.
Smithville is the experienced damage of Vessels.
Smithville observes Structures.
Smithville wrecks Wharves.
Wilmington affects Hurricane.
Wilmington damages Wharves.
Wilmington loses Salt.
Wilmington loses Sugar.
Wilmington loses Rice.
Wilmington loses Lumber.
Masonry Houses kills Individual.
Masonry Houses destroys Wall.
Wooden Houses is the destroyed of Structures.
Wooden Houses flattens Structures.
Individual dies Wall.
Individual owns Slaves.
Individual kills Slaves.
Individual drowns Slaves.
Individual locates Plantations.
Bald Head Island locates United States Revenue Cutter Service Vessel Governor Williams.
United States Revenue Cutter Service Vessel Governor Williams is the stripped of of Foremast.
United States Revenue Cutter Service Vessel Governor Williams locates Bald Head Island.
United States Revenue Cutter Service Vessel Governor Williams is the ran ashore at of Bald Head Island.
United States Revenue Cutter Service Vessel Governor Williams repairs Bald Head Island.
Diligence tethers Port.
Diligence locates Wilmington.
Sailors strands Vessels.
Sailors supplys Vessels.
Sailors drives Vessels.
Sailors is the experienced damage at of Vessels.
Sailors discovers Vessels.
Sailors washs Vessels.
Sailors eats Vessels.
Sailors is the moderate damage at of Vessels.
Shoreline alters Chesapeake Bay.
Chesapeake Bay is the permitted establishment of of Town.
Town establishs Willoughby Spit.
Rose @-@ In @-@ Bloom is the caught in of Barnegat Inlet.
Rose @-@ In @-@ Bloom locates New Jersey.
Rose @-@ In @-@ Bloom is the en route to of New York City.
Rose @-@ In @-@ Bloom strikes British Brig Swift.
British Brig Swift travels St. John 'S.
British Brig Swift ferrys New York.
Hurricane produces New York.
New York affects Peach Trees.
New York locates Belleville.
Cape Cod strikes Rainfall.
Cape Cod is the observed damage at of Port.
Edgartown witnesss Individual.
Edgartown fills Barrel.
Edgartown devastates Crops.
Edgartown beachs Cargo Ships.
Brewster damages Crops.
Brewster damages Salterns.
Brewster records Rainfall.
Boston reports Rainfall.