Plunketts Creek is the tributary of Loyalsock Creek.
Plunketts Creek is the drainage basin of Chesapeake Bay.
Plunketts Creek is the drainage basin of West Branch Susquehanna.
Plunketts Creek is the drainage basin of Susquehanna River.
Plunketts Creek is the location of Allegheny Plateau.
Plunketts Creek is the location of Lycoming County.
Plunketts Creek is the location of Sullivan County.
Plunketts Creek is the location of Pennsylvania.
Plunketts Creek is the location of Northumberland County.
Plunketts Creek is the location of Hillsgrove.
Plunketts Creek is the location of Cascade Township.
Plunketts Creek names Engle Run.
Plunketts Creek names Mock Run.
Plunketts Creek is the location of Hepburn Township.
Plunketts Creek is the location of Pennsylvania State Game Lands.
Plunketts Creek is the location of State Game Farm.
Plunketts Creek is the location of Pheasant.
Plunketts Creek is the location of Allegheny Plateau.
Plunketts Creek is the geological formation of Mississippian Sub-Period.
Plunketts Creek is the geological formation of Devonian Period.
Plunketts Creek is the composition of Glacial Deposits.
Plunketts Creek is the composition of Alluvium.
Plunketts Creek is the activity of Tannery.
Plunketts Creek is the activity of Sawmills.
Plunketts Creek is the activity of Coal Mine.
Plunketts Creek is the activity of Tourism.
Plunketts Creek is the activity of Hunting.
Plunketts Creek is the activity of Fishing.
Plunketts Creek neighbors Wallis Run.
Plunketts Creek is the location of Plunketts Creek Bridge No. 3.
Plunketts Creek is the composition of Marcellus Shale.
Plunketts Creek is the source of Pennsylvania Bureau Of Topographic And Geologic Survey.
Plunketts Creek neighbors Lycoming Creek.
Plunketts Creek is the geological formation of Wisconsin Glaciation.
Plunketts Creek neighbors Bear Creek.
Plunketts Creek neighbors Big Bear Creek.
Plunketts Creek neighbors Wallis Run.
Plunketts Creek neighbors Mill Creek.
Plunketts Creek neighbors Pleasant Stream.
Plunketts Creek is the location of Cascade Township.
Plunketts Creek is the location of Mcnett Township.
Plunketts Creek is the location of Fox Township.
Plunketts Creek is the location of Hillsgrove Township.
Plunketts Creek names Engle Run.
Plunketts Creek names Mock Run.
Plunketts Creek names Wolf Run.
Plunketts Creek names King Run.
Plunketts Creek names Dry Run.
Plunketts Creek is the location of Coal Mine Hollow.