Eva Perón is the spouse of Juan Perón.
Eva Perón is the citizenship of Argentina.
Eva Perón holds First Lady.
Eva Perón advocates President.
Eva Perón is the ran of Ministries Of Labor And Health.
Eva Perón founds Eva Perón Foundation.
Eva Perón founds Female Peronist Party.
Eva Perón is the ran for nomination of Vice President.
Eva Perón receives Spiritual Leader Of The Nation.
Eva Perón is the career of Actress.
Eva Perón acquires Model.
Eva Perón advocates President Of Argentina.
Eva Perón portrays Great Women Of History.
Juan Perón is the married of Eva Duarte.
Juan Perón wins Argentina.
Eva Duarte campaigns Juan Perón.
Eva Duarte supports General Labor Confederation.
Argentina is the celebrates of Justicialist Party.
Eva Duarte meets Francisco Franco.
Eva Duarte meets Pope Pius Xii.
Eva Duarte meets António Salazar.
Eva Duarte meets Charles De Gaulle.
Eva Duarte is the favored fashion of Christian Dior.
Eva Duarte is the favored jewelry of Cartier.
Eva Duarte founds Fundación María Eva Duarte De Perón.
Fundación María Eva Duarte De Perón renames Eva Perón Foundation.
Eva Perón Foundation is the built of Evita City.
Patti Lupone is the won of Tony Award.
Patti Lupone is the performance of Broadway.
Nicholas Fraser is the claims of Musical.
Musical is the not performed of Antarctica.
Musical generates Revenue.
Musical is the basis for of Movie.
Madonna is the cast as of 1996 Film Version.
Madonna is the won of Golden Globe Award.
American Film is the response to of Argentine Film Company.
Argentine Film Company releases Eva Perón: The True Story.
Eva Perón: The True Story stars Esther Goris.
Eva Perón: The True Story is the submission for of Oscar.
Evita is the depiction of Argentina.
Nicholas Fraser is the writes about of Evita.
Evita considers Scandalous.
Evita accuses Show Business.
Fraser is the claims of Evita.
Evita engrosss Cult Of Celebrity.
Evita is the insignificant of Public Political Life.
Evita is the perhaps of Ahead Of Her Time.
Fraser is the writes about of Evita.
Evita appeals Celebrity-Obsessed Age.
Evita is the confirms of Rags To Riches Story.
Eva Perón reflects Popularity.