Species directs Roger Donaldson.
Species is the writer of Dennis Feldman.
Species is the actor of Natasha Henstridge.
Species is the actor of Ben Kingsley.
Species is the actor of Michael Madsen.
Species is the actor of Alfred Molina.
Species is the actor of Forest Whitaker.
Species is the actor of Marg Helgenberger.
Species is the character of Sil.
Species is the designer of H. R. Giger.
H. R. Giger designs Sil.
H. R. Giger designs Alien.
Steve Johnson designs Sil.
Steve Johnson collaborates Xfx.
Richard Edlund owns Boss Film Studios.
Species is the character of Xavier Fitch.
Species is the character of Dan Smithson.
Species is the character of Preston Lennox.
Species is the character of John Carey.
Species is the actor of Anthony Guidera.
Species is the actor of Michelle Williams.
Species is the character of Robbie.
Species is the actor of Marliese K. Schneider.
Species is the actor of Whip Hubley.
Electric Puppet is the motion capture technique of Digital Sil.
Boss Films is the utilized of Motion Capture Effects.
Giger is the unhappy with of Alien Franchise.
Giger finds Alien 3.
Giger finds Terminator 2: Judgment Day.
Giger is the opinion on of Horror Films.
Giger is the opinion on of Fire.
Giger suggests Headshot.
Los Angeles is the location shooting of Sunset Strip.
Los Angeles is the location shooting of Silver Lake.
Los Angeles is the location shooting of Pacific Palisades.
Los Angeles is the location shooting of Hollywood Hills.
Los Angeles is the location shooting of Biltmore Hotel.
Id Club builds Pantages Theater.
Dodger Stadium is the above location for car chase of Elysian Park.
Utah is the location shooting of Tooele Army Depot.
Rockwell International Corporation is the interior shooting of Tooele Army Depot.
Brigham City is the part of sil 's escape of Victorian-Era Train Station.
Los Angeles is the location shooting of Santa Monica Pier.
Los Angeles is the location shooting of Arecibo Telescope.
Sewer Complex is the complex sets of Tar-Filled Granite Cavern.
John Muto is the production designer of Sewer Complex.
John Muto is the production designer of Tar-Filled Granite Cavern.
John Muto is the inspiration for design of La Brea Tar Pits.
Species is the theatrical release of July 7, 1995.
Species is the box office ranking of Apollo 13.
Species is the box office performance of Mgm.
Species is the release date of Dvd.
Species is the dvd release date of March 26, 1997.
Species is the release date of Vhs.
Species is the vhs release date of August 3, 1999.
Species is the release date of Blu-Ray.
Species is the review source of Rotten Tomatoes.
Roger Ebert is the review of of Species.
Cristine James is the review of of Species.
James Berardinelli is the review of of Species.
Owen Gleiberman is the review of of Species.
Alfred Molina comments Species.
Scott Weinberg is the review of of Species.
Mick Lasalle is the review of of Species.
Peter Rainer is the review of of Species.
Yvonne Navarro is the co-wrote novelization with of Dennis Feldman.
Yvonne Navarro is the novelization based on of Species.
Yvonne Navarro is the details about of Sil.
Yvonne Navarro decodes Alien Signal.
Dark Horse Comics is the adaptation as comic book of Species.
Dark Horse Comics writes Feldman.
Dark Horse Comics pencils Jon Foster.
Dark Horse Comics publishs Species: Human Race.
West End Games releases Masterbook.
Species Ii sets Mars.
Species Ii is the character in of Dr. Baker.
Species Ii is the character in of Eve.
Species Ii directs Peter Medak.
Species Iii is the sequel to of Species Ii.
Species Iii is the character played by of Sunny Mabrey.
Species Iii is the character played by of Robert Knepper.
Species: The Awakening is the sequel to of Species Iii.
Species: The Awakening is the character played by of Helena Mattsson.