John Of Brienne is the parent of Erard Ii Of Brienne.
John Of Brienne is the married of Maria.
John Of Brienne is the father of Isabella Ii.
John Of Brienne is the married of Stephanie Of Armenia.
John Of Brienne receives Philip Ii Of France.
John Of Brienne receives Pope Innocent Iii.
John Of Brienne gives Frederick Ii.
John Of Brienne serves Gregory Ix.
John Of Brienne is the co-ruler with of Baldwin Ii.
John Of Brienne opposes John Iii Vatatzes.
John Of Brienne opposes Ivan Asen Ii.
John Of Brienne mentions George Akropolites.
John Of Brienne is the brother of of Walter Iii.
John Of Brienne is the uncle of of Walter Iv.
John Of Brienne frequents Blanche Of Navarre.
John Of Brienne is the widow of of Elvira Of Sicily.
John Of Brienne is the tense relationship with of Hugh I Of Cyprus.
John Of Brienne supports Bohemond Iv Of Antioch.
John Of Brienne supports Leo I Of Cilician Armenia.
John Of Brienne follows Andrew Ii Of Hungary.
John Of Brienne is the truce with of Al-Adil I.
John Of Brienne opposes Al-Mu'Azzam Isa.
John Of Brienne is the war against of Peter Ii Of Courtenay.
John Of Brienne is the sent for assistance to of Raoul Of Merencourt.
John Of Brienne mentions Jacques De Vitry.
John Of Brienne receives Pope Honorius Iii.
John Of Brienne opposes Cardinal Pelagius.
John Of Brienne mentions John Of Joinville.
Al-Mu'Azzam Isa pressures John.
Jacques De Vitry deserts John.
Stephanie is the wife of of John.
Stephanie is the mother of of Isabella.
Stephanie is the mother of of Son.
John is the father of of Isabella.
Pope Honorius declares Raymond-Roupen.
Pope Honorius threatens John.
Walter Iv is the nephew of of John.
John appoints Odo Of Montbéliard.
John agrees Frederick Ii.
John marrys Berengaria Of León.
John is the father of of Isabella.
Frederick Ii marrys Isabella.
Frederick Ii declares John.
Balian Of Sidon acknowledges Frederick Ii.
Simon Of Maugastel acknowledges Frederick Ii.
Archbishop Of Tyre acknowledges Frederick Ii.
Maria The Marquise is the first wife of of John.
Maria The Marquise is the mother of of Isabella.
Maria The Marquise is the mother of of Conrad Of Montferrat.
Leo Ii Of Armenia is the father of of Stephanie.
Isabelle is the aunt of of Stephanie.
Sibylle is the aunt of of Isabelle.
Bohemond Iii Of Antioch is the uncle of of Isabelle.
Berengaria Of Castile is the spouse of Alfonso Ix Of León.
John is the spouse of Berengaria Of Castile.
John is the parent of Marie.
John is the parent of Alphonse.
Berengaria Of Castile is the cousin of Louis Ix Of France.
Louis Ix Of France is the grand chamberlain of John.
Louis Ix Of France acquires County Of Eu In France.
John is the parent of Louis.
John is the parent of John'S Youngest Son.
John'S Youngest Son is the held of Grand Butler Of France.