Hoover Dam is the also known as of Boulder Dam.
Hoover Dam locates Black Canyon.
Hoover Dam locates Colorado River.
Hoover Dam locates Nevada.
Hoover Dam locates Arizona.
Hoover Dam constructs Great Depression.
Hoover Dam dedicates President Franklin D. Roosevelt.
Hoover Dam is the controversial name of President Herbert Hoover.
Hoover Dam is the impounds of Lake Mead.
Hoover Dam locates Boulder City.
Hoover Dam locates Las Vegas.
Hoover Dam constructs Six Companies.
Hoover Dam is the impounds of Lake Mead.
Black Canyon locates Colorado River.
Imperial Valley builds William Beatty.
William Beatty is the built of Alamo Canal.
Alamo Canal is the provided water of Imperial Valley.
Imperial Canal fills Salton Sea.
Southern Pacific Railroad stabilizes Colorado River.
Edison Electric Company surveys Colorado River.
Arthur Powell Davis proposes Boulder Canyon.
Bureau Of Reclamation considers Lower Colorado.
Albert Fall is the principal author of Fall-Davis Report.
Article I is the authorizes compacts of United States Constitution.
Colorado River Compact signs Seven States.
Phil Swing introduces Hiram Johnson.
St. Francis Dam is the similar design to of Colorado River.
Ray Wilbur visits Las Vegas.
John L. Savage is the oversaw design of Hoover Dam.
Frank Crowe employs Six Companies.
Wattis Brothers heads Utah Construction Company.
Morrison-Knudsen employs Frank Crowe.
Henry J. Kaiser is the joint venture with of W. A. Bechtel Company.
W. A. Bechtel Company is the joint venture with of Pacific Bridge Company.
Macdonald & Kahn Ltd. employs Los Angeles.
J.F. Shea Company employs Portland.
Pacific Bridge Company is the joint venture with of Portland.
Williamsville locates Colorado River.
Ragtown locates Colorado River.
Industrial Workers Of The World attempts Six Companies.
Allen Tupper True works Denver.
Allen Tupper True incorporates Navajo.
Allen Tupper True incorporates Pueblo.
Allen Tupper True receives National Laboratory Of Anthropology.
Allen Tupper True researchs Indian Sand Paintings.
Allen Tupper True researchs Textiles.
Allen Tupper True researchs Baskets.
Allen Tupper True researchs Ceramics.
Allen Tupper True reflects Southwestern Landscape.
Allen Tupper True reflects Machinery.
Kaufmann requests Allen Tupper True.
Kaufmann collaborates Engineers.
Allen Tupper True works Parker Dam.
Allen Tupper True works Shasta Dam.
Allen Tupper True works Grand Coulee Dam.
Allen Tupper True features The New Yorker.
Oskar J.W. Hansen designs Hoover Dam.
Oskar J.W. Hansen designs Dedication Plaza.
Oskar J.W. Hansen designs Plaque.
Oskar J.W. Hansen designs Bas-Reliefs.
Oskar J.W. Hansen designs Elevator Towers.
Oskar J.W. Hansen creates Winged Figures Of The Republic.
President Roosevelt dedicates Dedication Plaza.
Lake Mead is the supplies water to of Turbines.
Allis Chalmers manufactures Francis Turbine-Generators.
Arizona is the operates turbines in of Turbines.
Nevada is the operates turbines in of Turbines.
Hydroelectricity Facility is the operates of Generators.
Generators locates Power Plant.
Pelton Turbine-Generators is the power hoover dam operations with of Hoover Dam.
Electricity generates Hoover Dam.
Lake Havasu supplys Colorado River Aqueduct.
Lake Mead is the supplies water to of Central Arizona Project.
Lake Mead is the supplies water to of All-American Canal.
Lake Mead is the supplies water to of Arizona.
Lake Mead is the supplies water to of Nevada.
Lake Mead is the supplies water to of California.
Los Angeles Department Of Water And Power manages Hoover Dam.
Southern California Edison manages Hoover Dam.
Bureau Of Reclamation manages Hoover Dam.
Bureau Of Reclamation allocates Native American Tribes.
Hoover Dam Bypass includes Mike O'Callaghan – Pat Tillman Memorial Bridge.
Colorado River is the native species of Bonytail Chub.
Colorado River is the native species of Colorado Pikeminnow.
Colorado River is the native species of Humpback Chub.
Colorado River is the native species of Razorback Sucker.
Boulder Dam is the location of Black Canyon.
Boulder Dam is the name change of Hoover Dam.
Secretary Wilbur names Boulder Dam.
Secretary Wilbur names President Hoover.
Secretary Wilbur reasons Hoover Dam.
Secretary Ickes is the name change of Boulder Dam.
Secretary Ickes is the name change reversal of Hoover Dam.
Attorney General Homer Cummings is the congress confirmation of Secretary Ickes.
Congressman Edward T. Taylor is the congress confirmation of Hoover Dam.
President Roosevelt is the name usage of Boulder Dam.
Los Angeles Times is the editorial cartoon of Hoover Dam.