United States Ambassador To The United Nations is the location of Waldorf @-@ Astoria Hotel.
United States Ambassador To The United Nations leases U.S. Department Of State.
United States Ambassador To The United Nations locates New York City.
U.S. Department Of State leases Waldorf @-@ Astoria Hotel.
United States Ambassador To The United Nations considers Sutton Place.
J.P. Morgan is the original constructor of sutton place of Sutton Place.
Arthur Houghton donates Sutton Place.
Adlai Stevenson Ii determines Sutton Place.
Andrew Young explores Waldorf @-@ Astoria Hotel.
State Department pays Waldorf @-@ Astoria Hotel.
Chinese Business Interests raises Waldorf @-@ Astoria Hotel.
Madeleine Albright is the former resident of United States Ambassador To The United Nations.
George H. W. Bush is the former resident of United States Ambassador To The United Nations.
John Bolton is the former resident of United States Ambassador To The United Nations.
Adlai Stevenson Ii is the former resident of United States Ambassador To The United Nations.
Samantha Power is the former resident of United States Ambassador To The United Nations.
Bill Richardson is the former resident of United States Ambassador To The United Nations.
Richard Holbrooke elects United States Ambassador To The United Nations.
Randolph Eddy is the temporary occupant of the suite of United States Ambassador To The United Nations.
Kati Marton is the wife of richard holbrooke of United States Ambassador To The United Nations.
Robert De Niro is the attended parties in the suite of United States Ambassador To The United Nations.
Sarah Jessica Parker is the attended parties in the suite of United States Ambassador To The United Nations.
Cass Sunstein is the husband of samantha power of United States Ambassador To The United Nations.
Jim Dine is the painter of a painting in the suite of United States Ambassador To The United Nations.
Alexander Calder is the creator of a mobile in the suite of United States Ambassador To The United Nations.
Duke Of Windsor is the former resident of the royal suite of Waldorf @-@ Astoria Hotel.
Dorothy Bush Koch notes United States Ambassador To The United Nations.