James Hoyt Wilhelm is the alias of Hoyt Wilhelm.
James Hoyt Wilhelm is the father of John Wilhelm.
James Hoyt Wilhelm is the mother of Ethel Wilhelm.
James Hoyt Wilhelm inspires Dutch Leonard.
James Hoyt Wilhelm manages Leo Durocher.
James Hoyt Wilhelm plays Ray Katt.
James Hoyt Wilhelm plays Stan Musial.
James Hoyt Wilhelm trades Fred Hutchinson.
James Hoyt Wilhelm trades Whitey Lockman.
James Hoyt Wilhelm plays Bobby Bragan.
James Hoyt Wilhelm is the friends with of Brooks Robinson.
James Hoyt Wilhelm plays Gus Triandos.
James Hoyt Wilhelm plays Paul Richards.
James Hoyt Wilhelm plays Al López.
James Hoyt Wilhelm compares Satchel Paige.
James Hoyt Wilhelm plays J. C. Martin.
James Hoyt Wilhelm plays Eddie Stanky.
James Hoyt Wilhelm mentors Wilbur Wood.
James Hoyt Wilhelm trades Ed Kirkpatrick.
James Hoyt Wilhelm trades Dennis Paepke.
James Hoyt Wilhelm trades Bob Priddy.
James Hoyt Wilhelm trades Clint Compton.
James Hoyt Wilhelm trades Mickey Rivers.
James Hoyt Wilhelm trades Hal Breeden.
James Hoyt Wilhelm investigates Bowie Kuhn.
Hoyt Wilhelm is the professor of Walter Johnson.
Hoyt Wilhelm is the colleague of Joe Niekro.
Hoyt Wilhelm is the colleague of Mickey Lolich.
Hoyt Wilhelm is the colleague of Jim Murray.
Hoyt Wilhelm is the family member of Peggy Wilhelm.
Peggy Wilhelm is the family member of Patti Wilhelm.
Peggy Wilhelm is the family member of Pam Wilhelm.
Peggy Wilhelm is the family member of Jim Wilhelm.
Hoyt Wilhelm is the colleague of Moose Skowron.
Hoyt Wilhelm is the colleague of Roland Hemond.
Hoyt Wilhelm is the colleague of R.A. Dickey.
Charlie Hough is the colleague of R.A. Dickey.
Hoyt Wilhelm works New York Yankees.
Mickey Lolich is the colleague of San Diego Padres.
Hoyt Wilhelm manages Atlanta Braves.
Hoyt Wilhelm manages Greenwood Braves.
Hoyt Wilhelm manages Kingsport Braves.
Hoyt Wilhelm manages Western Carolinas League.
Hoyt Wilhelm elects Baseball Hall Of Fame.
Hoyt Wilhelm lives Sarasota, Florida.
Hoyt Wilhelm dies Sarasota Nursing Home.
Hoyt Wilhelm achieves World Series.
Hoyt Wilhelm achieves All-Star Team.
Hoyt Wilhelm achieves No-Hitter.
Hoyt Wilhelm is the colleague of Texas Rangers.