O 'Brien designs United States Navy.
O 'Brien builds World War I.
O 'Brien is the part of of United States Navy.
O 'Brien is the result of discussions with of General Board.
O 'Brien is the result of discussions with of Bureau Of Ordnance.
O 'Brien is the incremental development of of Aylwin.
O 'Brien is the incremental development of of Cassin.
O 'Brien is the incremental development of of Paulding.
O 'Brien is the member of class of Nicholson.
Nicholson helps U @-@ 58.
Nicholson operates Queenstown.
Nicholson operates Ireland.
Nicholson operates World War I.
Nicholson returns United States.
Nicholson decommissions June 1922.
Ericsson commissions United States Coast Guard.
Ericsson is the part of of Rum Patrol.
Ericsson returns 1932.
Mcdougal commissions United States Coast Guard.
Mcdougal is the part of of Rum Patrol.
Mcdougal returns 1933.
O 'Brien sells June 1936.
Congress authorizes Destroyers No. 51 Through No. 56.
General Board discusss Destroyers No. 51 Through No. 56.
Bureau Of Ordnance discusss Destroyers No. 51 Through No. 56.
O 'Brien equips Zoelly Steam Turbines.
O 'Brien equips White @-@ Forster Boilers.
O 'Brien equips Cushing.
O 'Brien compares Tucker.
O 'Brien compares Sampson.
Ford Model T is the nickname applied to of O 'Brien.
Lightship Nantucket is the torpedoed by of German Submarine U @-@ 53.
O 'Brien is the not originally outfitted with of Anti @-@ Aircraft Guns.
O 'Brien equips Mark 8 Torpedoes.
William Cramp And Sons constructs O 'Brien.
Fore River Shipbuilding Company constructs O 'Brien.
Bath Iron Works constructs O 'Brien.
New York Shipbuilding Corporation constructs O 'Brien.
Jeremiah O 'Brien names O 'Brien.
Gideon O 'Brien names O 'Brien.
John O 'Brien names O 'Brien.
William O 'Brien names O 'Brien.
Dennis O 'Brien names O 'Brien.
Joseph O 'Brien names O 'Brien.
James Nicholson names Nicholson.
Samuel Nicholson names Nicholson.
John Nicholson names Nicholson.
William Nicholson names Nicholson.
James W. Nicholson names Nicholson.
Ss J. L. Luckenbach rescues Nicholson.
German Submarine U @-@ 62 drives Nicholson.
Fanning is the sunk by of Nicholson.
U @-@ 58 is the sunk by of Nicholson.
U @-@ 82 drives Nicholson.
John Ancrum Winslow is the honor of Uss Winslow.
Uss Winslow is the belongs to of U.S. Navy.
Uss Winslow is the honor of John Ancrum Winslow.
Uss Winslow is the sank of Css Alabama.
John Ancrum Winslow is the sank of Css Alabama.
Uss Winslow is the part of of American Civil War.
Uss Winslow is the rescue of German Submarine U-53.
Uss Winslow is the rescue of Lightship Nantucket.
Uss Winslow is the part of of World War I.
Uss Winslow is the patrol of Queenstown, Ireland.
Uss Winslow is the patrol of Irish Sea.
Uss Winslow is the decommission of Philadelphia.
Uss Winslow is the name change of Uss Mcdougal (Dd-54).
Uss Mcdougal (Dd-54) is the belongs to of U.S. Navy.
Uss Mcdougal (Dd-54) is the honor of David Stockton Mcdougal.
Uss Mcdougal (Dd-54) is the operation of Japan.
Uss Mcdougal (Dd-54) is the operation of Wyoming.
Uss Mcdougal (Dd-54) is the rescue of German Submarine U-53.
Uss Mcdougal (Dd-54) is the rescue of Lightship Nantucket.
Uss Mcdougal (Dd-54) is the part of of World War I.
Uss Mcdougal (Dd-54) is the patrol of Queenstown, Ireland.
Uss Mcdougal (Dd-54) is the patrol of Irish Sea.
Uss Mcdougal (Dd-54) is the decommission of Philadelphia.
Uss Mcdougal (Dd-54) is the name change of Uss Cushing (Dd-55).
Uss Cushing (Dd-55) is the belongs to of U.S. Navy.
Uss Cushing (Dd-55) is the honor of William B. Cushing.
Uss Cushing (Dd-55) is the sank of Css Albemarle.
Uss Cushing (Dd-55) is the rescue of German Submarine U-53.
Uss Cushing (Dd-55) is the rescue of Lightship Nantucket.
Uss Cushing (Dd-55) is the part of of World War I.
Uss Cushing (Dd-55) is the patrol of Queenstown, Ireland.
Uss Cushing (Dd-55) is the patrol of Irish Sea.
Uss Cushing (Dd-55) is the decommission of Philadelphia.
Uss Cushing (Dd-55) is the name change of Uss Ericsson (Dd-56).
Uss Ericsson (Dd-56) is the belongs to of U.S. Navy.
Uss Ericsson (Dd-56) is the honor of John Ericsson.
Uss Ericsson (Dd-56) is the honor of Swedish.
Uss Ericsson (Dd-56) is the operation of Uss Monitor.
Uss Ericsson (Dd-56) is the rescue of German Submarine U-53.
Uss Ericsson (Dd-56) is the rescue of Lightship Nantucket.
Uss Ericsson (Dd-56) is the part of of World War I.
Uss Ericsson (Dd-56) is the patrol of Queenstown, Ireland.
Uss Ericsson (Dd-56) is the patrol of Irish Sea.
Uss Ericsson (Dd-56) is the decommission of Philadelphia.