Stanley Price Weir is the military position of Brigadier General.
Stanley Price Weir receives Dso.
Stanley Price Weir receives Vd.
Stanley Price Weir appoints Jp.
Stanley Price Weir is the career of Public Servant.
Stanley Price Weir serves Australian Army.
Stanley Price Weir participates World War I.
Stanley Price Weir commands 10Th Battalion.
Stanley Price Weir is the military operation of Anzac Cove.
Stanley Price Weir participates Gallipoli Campaign.
Stanley Price Weir participates Battles Of Pozières.
Stanley Price Weir participates Mouquet Farm.
Stanley Price Weir is the birthplace of South Australia.
Stanley Price Weir lives Norwood.
Stanley Price Weir is the family relation of Alfred Weir.
Stanley Price Weir is the family relation of Susannah Mary Price.
Stanley Price Weir is the education of Moore'S School.
Stanley Price Weir is the education of Pulteney Street Grammar School.
Stanley Price Weir is the family relation of Rosa Wadham.
Stanley Price Weir is the employment of Surveyor General'S Department.
Stanley Price Weir works Government House Adelaide.
Stanley Price Weir works Torrens Parade Ground.
Stanley Price Weir promotes Survey Storekeeper.
Stanley Price Weir promotes Custodian Of Plans.
Stanley Price Weir promotes Custodian Of Government Motor Cars.
Stanley Price Weir enlists South Australian Volunteer Military Force.
Stanley Price Weir serves Adelaide Rifles.
Stanley Price Weir volunteers South African War.
Stanley Price Weir volunteers South Australian Bushmen'S Corps.
Stanley Price Weir appoints 10Th Infantry Regiment.
Stanley Price Weir receives Long Service And Good Conduct Medal.
Stanley Price Weir receives Volunteer Officers' Decoration.
Stanley Price Weir promotes Lieutenant Colonel.
Stanley Price Weir commands 19Th Infantry Brigade.
Stanley Price Weir promotes Lieutenant.
Stanley Price Weir appoints Lieutenant Colonel (Aif).
Stanley Price Weir commands 3Rd Brigade.
Stanley Price Weir is the training location of Morphettville Racecourse.
Stanley Price Weir embarks Ascanius.
Stanley Price Weir is the arrival location of Alexandria.
Stanley Price Weir is the camp location of Cairo.
Stanley Price Weir is the camp location of Mena.
Stanley Price Weir interacts Charles Bean.
Stanley Price Weir is the training location of Lemnos.
Stanley Price Weir reachs Plugge'S Plateau.
Stanley Price Weir is the location named after of Weir Ridge.
Stanley Price Weir serves Western Front.
Stanley Price Weir serves Citizen Military Forces.
Stanley Price Weir is the aide-de-camp to of Governor-General Of Australia.
Stanley Price Weir interacts Ronald Craufurd Munro Ferguson.
Stanley Price Weir commands 20Th Infantry Brigade.
Stanley Price Weir is the chairman of of Central Board Of Health.
Stanley Price Weir is the chairman of of Public Relief Board.
Stanley Price Weir is the family relation of Lydia Maria Schrapel.
Stanley Price Weir is the member of of Norwood And Maylands Churches Of Christ.
Stanley Price Weir is the member of of Benevolent And Stranger'S Friend Society.
Stanley Price Weir is the member of of Our Boys Institute (Obi).
Stanley Price Weir is the member of of Masonic Lodge.
Stanley Price Weir is the member of of Cheer Up Society.
Stanley Price Weir is the member of of Ymca.
Stanley Price Weir is the president of of Commonwealth Club.
Stanley Price Weir is the president of of Churches Of Christ Union.
Stanley Price Weir is the president of of St. Peters Sub-Branch Of The Returned And Services League.
Stanley Price Weir writes The Fighting 10Th: A South Australian Centenary Souvenir Of The 10Th Battalion, Aif 1914–1919.
Stanley Price Weir interacts Cecil Lock.
Stanley Price Weir injures Victor Harbor.
Stanley Price Weir burys West Terrace Cemetery.
Stanley Price Weir receives King George V Silver Jubilee Medal.