Sholay directs Ramesh Sippy.
Sholay produces G. P. Sippy.
Veeru plays Dharmendra.
Jai plays Amitabh Bachchan.
Sanjeev Kumar is the played of Thakur Baldev Singh.
Gabbar Singh plays Amjad Khan.
Hema Malini is the played of Basanti.
Jaya Bhaduri is the played of Radha.
Sholay films Ramanagara.
Ramanagara is the in state of Karnataka.
Sholay mandates Central Board Of Film Certification.
Sholay is the soundtrack by of R. D. Burman.
Wimal Dissanayake fascinates Gabbar Singh.
Wimal Dissanayake fascinates Gabbar Singh.
Wimal Dissanayake is the explains audience fascination with gabbar singh of Gabbar Singh.
Wimal Dissanayake is the views sholay as a national allegory of Sholay.
M. Madhava Prasad is the states jai represents a marginalised population introduced into conventional society of Jai.
M. Madhava Prasad is the states veeru represents a marginalised population introduced into conventional society of Veeru.
M. Madhava Prasad is the narrative reflects reactionary politics through jai 's criminality for greater good of Jai.
M. Madhava Prasad is the narrative reflects reactionary politics through veeru 's criminality for greater good of Veeru.
M. Madhava Prasad is the compels audience to accept feudal order through jai 's actions of Jai.
M. Madhava Prasad is the compels audience to accept feudal order through veeru 's actions of Veeru.
M. Madhava Prasad is the states jai and veeru are humanised by their emotional needs of Jai.
M. Madhava Prasad is the states jai and veeru are humanised by their emotional needs of Veeru.
M. Madhava Prasad is the compares narrative style to political unrest in india at the time of release of Sholay.
R. D. Burman composes Sholay.
Anand Bakshi writes Sholay.
Asha Bhosle sings Sholay.
Himesh Reshammiya is the remixed and sung mehbooba mehbooba in aap kaa surroor ( 2007 ) of Sholay.
Shankar Mahadevan is the remixed and sung yeh dosti for four friends ( 2010 ) of Sholay.
Udit Narayan is the remixed and sung yeh dosti for four friends ( 2010 ) of Sholay.
Barack Obama is the yeh dosti used to symbolise india 's friendship with the united states during a visit of Sholay.
Mac Mohan is the played of Sambha.
Amjad Khan is the played of Gabbar Singh.
Jagdeep is the played of Soorma Bhopali.
Jagdeep directs Soorma Bhopali.
Jagdeep is the lead role of Soorma Bhopali.
Jagdeep is the spinoff attempt of Soorma Bhopali.
Jhagdeep is the spinoff attempt of Soorma Bhopali.
Jagdeep is the spinoff creation of Soorma Bhopali.
Jagdeep is the spinoff film of Soorma Bhopali.
Dharmendra is the cameo of Soorma Bhopali.
Bachchan is the cameo of Soorma Bhopali.
Shekhar Kapur states Sholay.
Salim Khan is the unveiled of Sholay.
Javed Akhtar is the unveiled of Sholay.