June 1941 Uprising In Eastern Herzegovina involves Serbs.
June 1941 Uprising In Eastern Herzegovina takes Eastern Herzegovina.
June 1941 Uprising In Eastern Herzegovina is the against of Independent State Of Croatia.
Independent State Of Croatia locates Croatia.
Independent State Of Croatia is the also known as of Nezavisna Država Hrvatska.
Independent State Of Croatia establishs Axis.
Independent State Of Croatia is the during of World War Ii.
Independent State Of Croatia is the territory from of Kingdom Of Yugoslavia.
Independent State Of Croatia rules Ustaše.
Ustaše persecutes Serbs.
Ustaše is the leadership of Montenegrins.
Ustaše attacks Police.
Ustaše attacks Croatian Home Guard.
Ustaše is the district commissioner for of Gacko.
Ustaše is the district commissioner for of Nevesinje.
Ustaše clashs Italian Army.
Ustaše establishs Avtovac.
Ustaše provokes Italian Soldiers.
Ustaše warns Italian Army Commander.
Ustaše reports Gacko.
Ustaše reports Ndh Government.
Ustaše reports Ndh Armed Forces.
Ndh Armed Forces commands Vojskovođa Slavko Kvaternik.
Ndh Armed Forces includes Bosnia Command.
Ndh Armed Forces includes Adriatic Command.
Bosnia Command headquarters Sarajevo.
Adriatic Command headquarters Sarajevo.
Adriatic Command mobilizes Home Guard.
Adriatic Command is the included districts of of Gacko.
Adriatic Command is the included districts of of Bileća.
Adriatic Command is the included districts of of Mostar.
Adriatic Command is the included districts of of Trebinje.
Adriatic Command is the included districts of of Knin.
Adriatic Command is the included districts of of Sinj.
Adriatic Command identifys Home Guard.
Adriatic Command mobilizes Home Guard.
Adriatic Command deploys Knin.
Adriatic Command deploys Sinj.
Adriatic Command transfers Mostar.
Adriatic Command appoints General Ivan Prpić.
Adriatic Command garrisons Mostar.
Adriatic Command garrisons Trebinje.
Adriatic Command establishs Dubrovnik.
Adriatic Command establishs Stolac.
Adriatic Command establishs Berkovići.
Adriatic Command allocates Mostar.
Adriatic Command garrisons Mostar.
Adriatic Command recruits Ustaše.
Adriatic Command reports Gacko.
Adriatic Command reports Mostar.
Adriatic Command reports Bileća.
Adriatic Command maintains Italian Army.
Adriatic Command garrisons Trebinje.
Adriatic Command garrisons Mostar.
Adriatic Command stations Bileća.
Adriatic Command maintains Nevesinje.
Adriatic Command conducts Gacko.
Adriatic Command reports Nevesinje.
Adriatic Command covers Hum.
Adriatic Command covers Dubrava.
Hum is the included districts of of Mostar.
Hum is the included districts of of Nevesinje.
Dubrava is the included districts of of Bileća.
Dubrava is the included districts of of Gacko.
Dubrava is the included districts of of Stolac.
Dubrava is the included districts of of Ravno.
Dubrava is the included districts of of Trebinje.
Hum is the župan of of Josip Trajer.
Hum is the seat in of Mostar.
Dubrava is the župan of of Ante Buć.
Dubrava is the seat in of Dubrovnik.
Eastern Herzegovina is the population of of Croats.
Eastern Herzegovina is the population of of Muslims.
Eastern Herzegovina is the population of of Serbs.
Eastern Herzegovina is the population estimate by of Professor Jozo Tomasevich.
Lieutenant Colonel Aganović visits Villages.
Lieutenant Colonel Aganović mentions Montenegrins.
Local Serbs wants Greater Serbia.
Local Serbs opposes Ndh Authorities.
Davor Marijan criticizes Ustaše.
Ustaše burns Villages.
Ustaše is the shot of Serbs.
Serbs attacks Ustaše.
German Invasion mentions Soviet Union.
Professor Marko Attila Hoare states Ustaše.
Yugoslav Army Colonel leads Nevesinje.
Colonel Antun Prohaska coordinates Air Force Of The Independent State Of Croatia.
Francetić leads Berkovići.
Ante Pavelić appoints Hum And Dubrava Counties.
Army Chief Of Staff controls Hum And Dubrava Counties.
Italian Army ambushs Bileća.
Laxa is the conversation of Francetić.
Laxa is the criticism of Francetić.
Bileća is the south of of Village.
Village is the destroyed of Gendarmerie Post.
Village kills Gendarmes.
Trebinje is the sent to assist of Village.
Trebinje stops Rebels.
Rebels is the withdrew into of Schoolhouse.
10Th Home Guard Battalion is the sent north from of Trebinje.
10Th Home Guard Battalion is the support of Trebinje.
10Th Home Guard Battalion attacks Rebels.
10Th Home Guard Battalion is the withdrew into of Mosko.
10Th Home Guard Battalion reinforces Defensive Position.
10Th Home Guard Battalion gives Defensive Position.
Rebels attacks Mostar.
Rebels holds Ustaše.
Mostar relieves Ustaše.
Ustaše takes Post.
Mostar arrives 23Rd Battalion.
Mostar arrives 15Th Battalion.
Prpić receives Reinforcements.
Gacko expects Rebels.
10Th Home Guard Battalion stalls Lieutenant Colonel Julije Reš.
10Th Home Guard Battalion clears Italians.
10Th Home Guard Battalion promises Italian Soldiers.
10Th Home Guard Battalion arrives Italian Soldiers.
Rebels is the left of Town.
Rebels is the withdrawn to villages to the east of Town.
10Th Home Guard Battalion relieves Besieged Gendarmes.
Zndh Aircraft is the flew reconnaissance sorties over of Mostar Airfield.
Zndh Aircraft drops Area.
Laxa directs Main Effort.
Laxa directs Gacko And Avtovac Districts.
Italians is the not respected by when they sent their column to gacko of Territorial Borders.
Laxa considers Italian Military And Political Prestige.
Laxa plans Italian Military And Political Prestige.
Laxa intends Italian Military And Political Prestige.
Prohaska allocates Gacko And Avtovac Districts.
Prohaska is the act in concert with the 11th battalion who were already in the vicinity of plužine of Gacko And Avtovac Districts.
Prohaska prepares Gacko And Avtovac Districts.
15Th Battalion trucks Nevesinje.
17Th Battalion conducts Kifino Selo.
Rebels blames Italian Soldiers.
Rebels burns Town.
Rebels is the all the inhabitants had been massacred of Town.
Italian Soldiers passs Town.
Italian Soldiers arrives Town.
Italian Soldiers is the left of Town.
Italian Soldiers is the withdrawn to villages to the east of Town.
10Th Battalion relieves Besieged Gendarmes.
Zndh Aircraft is the flew reconnaissance sorties over of Area.
Zndh Aircraft drops Area.
Nevesinje clears Gacko And Avtovac Districts.
Nevesinje ensures Population Centres And Roads.
Prpić replaces Deputy Prohaska.
Colonel Franjo Šimić seizes Nevesinje – Gacko Road.
Colonel Franjo Šimić secures Nevesinje – Gacko Road.
Colonel Franjo Šimić sends Gacko.
Colonel Franjo Šimić sends Berkovci.
21St Battalion secures Mostar – Nevesinje Road.