Italian Frogmen uses Villa Carmela.
Villa Carmela locates Gibraltar.
Italian Officer marrys Conchita Ramognino.
Italian Frogmen bases Ss Olterra.
Ss Olterra locates Algeciras.
Abwehr Saboteurs recruits Spain.
Spain recruits Campo De Gibraltar.
Abwehr Saboteurs contacts Lieutenant Colonel Eleuterio Sánchez Rubio.
Lieutenant Colonel Eleuterio Sánchez Rubio designates Emilio Plazas Tejera.
Emilio Plazas Tejera is the member of of Falange.
British Intelligence is the against of Gibraltar.
British Intelligence involves Espionage.
British Intelligence involves Sabotage.
British Intelligence involves 183 Spaniards And Gibraltarians.
British Intelligence is the against of Espionage And Sabotage Operations.
British Intelligence is the against of Sabotage Operations.
British Intelligence is the against of Gibraltar.
British Intelligence counteracts Sabotage Operations.
British Intelligence arrests José Key.
British Intelligence executes José Key.
British Intelligence arrests José Key.
British Intelligence executes José Key.
British Intelligence monitors Carlos Calvo.
British Intelligence resigns Carlos Calvo.
British Intelligence is the left of Carlos Calvo.
British Intelligence rejoins Carlos Calvo.
British Intelligence orders Wolfgang Blaum.
British Intelligence ends Abwehr Activities.
British Intelligence is the around of Gibraltar.
Operation Tracer implements Gibraltar.
Operation Tracer captures Gibraltar.
Operation Tracer runs Observation Post.
Operation Tracer is the wire back of Observation Post.
Operation Tracer is the observe shipping movements of Observation Post.
Operation Tracer defeats Germany.
Operation Tracer results Never Needed.
Operation Tracer is the turned attention away of Adolf Hitler.
Operation Tracer is the turned attention to of Eastern Front.
Operation Tracer is the until discovery of Clouded In Mystery.
Operation Tracer discovers Public Record Office.
Operation Tracer discovers Gibraltar.
Operation Tracer discovers Gibraltar Caving Group.
Operation Tracer meets Jim Crone.
Operation Tracer meets Sergeant Major Pete Jackson.
Operation Tracer meets Dr. W. A. Bruce Cooper.
Mediterranean U-Boat Campaign is the isolated of Gibraltar.
Mediterranean U-Boat Campaign is the isolated of Malta.
Mediterranean U-Boat Campaign is the isolated of Suez.
Mediterranean U-Boat Campaign disrupts Britain.
Mediterranean U-Boat Campaign negotiates Strait Of Gibraltar.
Mediterranean U-Boat Campaign attacks Britain.
Mediterranean U-Boat Campaign is the sunk of Nine U-Boats.
Mediterranean U-Boat Campaign damages Ten U-Boats.
North African Campaign plans Allied Counter Offensive.
North African Campaign is the after of Pearl Harbor.
North African Campaign is the invasion of of Europe.
North African Campaign devises Prime Minister Winston Churchill.
North African Campaign devises President Franklin Roosevelt.
North African Campaign is the code named of Operation Torch.
North African Campaign is the occupy of French North Africa.
North African Campaign is the occupy of Morocco.
North African Campaign is the occupy of Algeria.
North African Campaign is the occupy of Tunisia.
North African Campaign is the launch attacks from of French Colonies.
North African Campaign is the drive out of of Italy.
North African Campaign appoints Lieutenant General Dwight D. Eisenhower.
North African Campaign places Gibraltar.
North African Campaign arrives General Eisenhower.
North African Campaign is the command of of Gibraltar.
General Eisenhower stays The Convent.
General Eisenhower headquarters Gibraltar.
General Eisenhower locates Tunnel.
General Eisenhower is the kept in of Signal Equipment.
General Eisenhower communicates Assault Forces.
General Eisenhower directs Operation Torch.
General Eisenhower directs Admiral Sir Andrew Browne Cunningham.
War Tunnels builds Gibraltar.
War Tunnels is the inside of Rock Of Gibraltar.
Władysław Sikorski is the on board of Raf Transport Command.
Władysław Sikorski returns England.
Władysław Sikorski visits Polish Troops.
Władysław Sikorski visits Middle East.
Władysław Sikorski dies General Władysław Sikorski.
Władysław Sikorski rescues Czech-Born Pilot Eduard Prchal.
Władysław Sikorski dies General Sikorski.
Władysław Sikorski is the lay in state of Cathedral Of St. Mary The Crowned.
Władysław Sikorski is the held of Requiem Mass.
Władysław Sikorski carrys H.M. Dockyard.
Władysław Sikorski ships London.
Władysław Sikorski is the remains returned to of General Sikorski.
Italy is the surrender of Rock.
Rock establishs Resettlement Board.
Resettlement Board agrees Rock.
London evacuates Scotland.
London evacuates Northern Ireland.
Governor advocates Rock.