Taylor is the discuss plan of Hnc.
Taylor is the express displeasure of Khánh.
Taylor is the withhold aid of Hnc.
Khánh is the complain dissolution of hnc of Taylor.
Khánh is the threaten expulsion of Taylor.
Khánh is the meet after dissolution of hnc of Hương.
Hương takes Hnc.
Hương is the reject dissolution of hnc of Taylor.
Hương reorganizes Military.
Khánh is the private meeting of Taylor.
Khánh is the express desire to resign of Taylor.
Khánh threatens Taylor.
Khánh is the lobby to expel taylor of Hương.
Khánh is the change stance on expelling taylor of Hương.
Taylor is the opposition of Khánh.
Taylor is the invited journalists of Deepe.
Taylor is the sent to mend relations of John L. Throckmorton.
Lyndon Baines Johnson urges Taylor.
Khánh refuses Hương.
Khánh is the wanted meeting with americans of Thiệu.
Khánh is the wanted meeting with americans of Cang.
Khánh is the falsely attributed statements of Deepe.
Khánh reassures John L. Throckmorton.
Khánh makes John L. Throckmorton.
Khánh sets John L. Throckmorton.
Khánh wins John L. Throckmorton.
Khánh exploits John L. Throckmorton.
Khánh fears John L. Throckmorton.
Khánh leads John L. Throckmorton.
Khánh is the planned peace talks of John L. Throckmorton.
Khánh discovers John L. Throckmorton.
Khánh is the intensified plotting of John L. Throckmorton.
Khánh forces John L. Throckmorton.
Khánh bombs John L. Throckmorton.
Barry Bonds is the former team of Pittsburgh Pirates.
Barry Bonds plays Florida Marlins.
Doug Glanville trades Mickey Morandini.
Jeff Blauser signs Chicago Cubs.
Henry Rodríguez signs Chicago Cubs.
Sammy Sosa is the race for home run title of Mark Mcgwire.
Sammy Sosa closes Mark Mcgwire.
Mark Mcgwire closes Sammy Sosa.
Mark Mcgwire is the second highest home run total of Sammy Sosa.
Sammy Sosa tops Barry Bonds.
Ron Santo is the former player of Chicago Cubs.
Steve Trachsel starts Mark Gardner.
Brian Johnson strikes Mark Gardner.
Henry Rodríguez scores Gary Gaetti.
Matt Mieske scores Cubs.
Cubs relieves John Johnstone.
John Johnstone relieves Rodriguez.
Steve Trachsel allows Brent Mayne.
Steve Trachsel allows Armando Ríos.
Cubs brings Matt Karchner.
Cubs brings Orlando Merced.
Matt Karchner loads Shawon Dunston.
Félix Heredia relieves Karchner.
Félix Heredia gets Barry Bonds.
Alvin Morman is the strikeout of Morandini.
Giants brings José Mesa.
Giants brings Bill Mueller.
José Mesa allows Sammy Sosa.
José Mesa allows Mark Grace.
José Mesa scores Gaetti.
Giants scores Stan Javier.
Giants walks Ellis Burks.
Giants gets Barry Bonds.
Kevin Tapani allows Brent Mayne.
Kevin Tapani allows Mueller.
Terry Mulholland relieves Kevin Tapani.
Stan Javier scores Mayne.
Stan Javier walks Ellis Burks.
Barry Bonds scores Stan Javier.
Rod Beck gets Jeff Kent.
Rod Beck gets Joe Carter.
Chicago clinchs Cubs.
Cubs matchs Atlanta Braves.
Cubs plays Nlds.
Cubs plays World Series.
Sammy Sosa mentions Chicago Sun-Times.
Sammy Sosa mentions Mark Mcgwire.
Sammy Sosa mentions Trevor Hoffman.
Kerry Wood is the won of Rookie Of The Year.
Sammy Sosa is the won of Silver Slugger Award.
J. T. Snow is the won of Rawlings Gold Glove Award.
Sammy Sosa is the won of Most Valuable Player.
Barry Bonds mentions Game Of Shadows.
Barry Bonds trains Greg Anderson.