Aerith Gainsborough designs Tetsuya Nomura.
Aerith Gainsborough influences Yoshinori Kitase.
Aerith Gainsborough influences Hironobu Sakaguchi.
Aerith Gainsborough influences Yoshitaka Amano.
Aerith Gainsborough kills Sephiroth.
Aerith Gainsborough interacts Cloud Strife.
Aerith Gainsborough is the voice actor in japanese releases of Maaya Sakamoto.
Aerith Gainsborough is the voice actor in kingdom hearts of Mandy Moore.
Aerith Gainsborough is the voice actor in kingdom hearts ii and final fantasy vii advent children of Mena Suvari.
Aerith Gainsborough is the voice actor in crisis core : final fantasy vii of Andrea Bowen.
Aerith Gainsborough informs Reeve Tuesti.
Aerith Gainsborough is the adoptive mother of of Elmyra Gainsborough.
Aerith Gainsborough develops Zack Fair.
Aerith Gainsborough assists Bahamut Sin.
Aerith Gainsborough is the ran restoration committee with of Leon.
Aerith Gainsborough is the author of novel about journey through lifestream of Benny Matsuyama.
Aerith Gainsborough associates Aerith'S Mother.
Aerith Gainsborough gives Donald Duck.
Aerith Gainsborough gives Goofy.
Aerith Gainsborough gives Sora.
Aerith associates Video Game History.
Aerith ranks Dengeki Playstation.
Aerith is the ranked second in final fantasy vii character list of Ign.
Aerith ranks Gametrailers.
Aerith ranks Heath Hooker.
Aerith is the icon in video game history of Gamestm.
Aerith requests Yoshinori Kitase.
Aerith ranks Gamespy.
Aerith is the greatest gaming moment of Gamepro.
Aerith is the powerful and memorable scene of Tom'S Games.
Aerith is the dramatic highpoint of final fantasy vii of Edge.
Aerith is the important game of Electronic Gaming Monthly.
Aerith is the omgwtf moment of Screwattack.
Aerith ranks Ign.
Aerith is the emotional playstation moment of Playstation Magazine.
Aerith is the popular among gamers of Japanese.
Aerith is the popular among gamers of Fans.
Aerith includes Gamefaqs.
Aerith votes Famitsu.
Aerith is the voted second favorite female final fantasy character of Square Enix.
Aerith is the ranked seventh greatest final fantasy character of Complex.