Old Pine Church locates Purgitsville.
Old Pine Church locates West Virginia.
Old Pine Church locates Hampshire County.
Old Pine Church is the along with of Capon Chapel.
Old Pine Church is the along with of Mount Bethel Church.
Old Pine Church associates Schwarzenau Brethren.
Old Pine Church associates Dunkers.
Old Pine Church associates German Methodists.
Old Pine Church is the split into of White Pine Church Of The Brethren.
Old Pine Church is the primarily used by of Brethren Denomination.
Old Pine Church locates United States Route 220.
Old Pine Church is the part of of Northern Neck Proprietary.
Northern Neck Proprietary grants Charles Ii Of England.
Northern Neck Proprietary owns Thomas Colepeper.
Northern Neck Proprietary inherits Thomas Fairfax.
Purgitsville names Henry Purgitt.
William Pomkrotz deededs Old Pine Church.
Milly Pomkrotz deededs Old Pine Church.
Nicholas Leatherman is the resident minister at of Old Pine Church.
Elizabeth High is the wife of of Nicholas Leatherman.
George High is the father of of Elizabeth High.
Dr. Leatherman leads Old Pine Church.
Dr. Emmert F. Bittinger researchs Old Pine Church.
Sandra Scaffidi provides Old Pine Church.
Lord Fairfax owns Mill Creek Valley.
Charles Baker is the compliance officer in of Hampshire County.
Church is the exhibits of Architectural Plan.
Church haves Pulpit.
Church is the consists of of Pine Boards.
Church is the consists of of Ceiling.
Ceiling is the clad in of Metal Panels.
Church haves Attic.
Church is the measures of Window Wells.
Church covers Plasterboard.
Church haves Stove.
Stove is the occupies of Sanctuary.
Church is the date from of Pews.
Pews is the consists of of Seat.
Pews is the consists of of Backrest.
Pews supports Supports.
Supports joins Seat.
Supports reinforces Nails.
Pews uses Nails.
Pews uses Timber.
Pews arranges Aisle.
Church locates Piano.
Church surrounds Cemetery.
Cemetery is the contains of Interments.
Cemetery is the contains of Gravestone.
Cemetery is the contains of Headstones.
Cemetery is the contains of Footstones.
Cemetery is the surrounds of Trees.
Trees is the overhangs of Oak Tree.
Cemetery acquires Land.
Land acquires Cemetery.
Cemetery encloses Fence.
Fence supports Gate.