Mitsuyo Maeda is the alias of of Otávio Maeda.
Mitsuyo Maeda collaborates Antônio Soshihiro Satake.
Mitsuyo Maeda mentors Carlos Gracie.
Mitsuyo Maeda mentors Kano Jigoro.
Mitsuyo Maeda collaborates Tsunejiro Tomita.
Mitsuyo Maeda collaborates Soishiro Satake.
Mitsuyo Maeda mentors Kyuzo Mifune.
Yamashita Yoshiaki collaborates Sam Hill.
Yamashita Yoshiaki mentors Theodore Roosevelt.
Yamashita Yoshiaki collaborates Tom Jenkins.
Mitsuyo Maeda collaborates Akitaro Ono.
Mitsuyo Maeda collaborates Nobu Taka.
Mitsuyo Maeda competes Hjalmar Lundin.
Mitsuyo Maeda attempts Frank Gotch.
Mitsuyo Maeda attempts Jack Johnson.
Mitsuyo Maeda collaborates Tokugoro Ito.
Mitsuyo Maeda collaborates Laku.
Mitsuyo Maeda collaborates Okura.
Mitsuyo Maeda collaborates Shimitsu.
Gotta Tsutsumi provides Mitsuyo Maeda.
Nagib Assef is the challenged of Maeda.
Maeda defeats Barbadiano Adolpho Corbiniano.
Barbadiano Adolpho Corbiniano is the disciple of Maeda.
Maeda is the fought of Nagib Assef.
Nagib Assef is the won of Maeda.
Maeda boards Okura.
Okura is the left for of Ss Antony.
Maeda is the split up of Satake.
Maeda is the married of D. May Iris.
Maeda is the fought of Pé De Bola.
Pé De Bola loses Maeda.
Maeda founds Clube Remo.
Clube Remo moves Fire Brigade Headquarters.
Fire Brigade Headquarters moves Church Of N. S. De Aparecida.
Maeda visits New York City.
Maeda boards Ss Polycarp.
Maeda visits Havana.
Satake visits Havana.
Paul Alvarez defeats Satake.
Paul Alvarez defeats Yako Okura.
Yako Okura defeats Maeda.
Maeda defeats Jose Ibarra.
Maeda defeats Fournier.
Maeda attributes Conde Chenard.
Maeda involves Tome @-@ Açú.
Maeda memorializes Hirosaki City.
Hirosaki City erects Japan.
Risei Kano attends Hirosaki City.
Kaichiro Samura attends Hirosaki City.
Gastão Gracie partners Maeda.
Maeda accepts Carlos Gracie.
Maeda accepts Luiz França.
Carlos Gracie founds Hélio Gracie.
Gastão Gracie moves Rio De Janeiro.
Carlos Gracie passs Osvaldo Gracie.
Carlos Gracie passs Gastão Gracie.
Carlos Gracie passs Jorge Gracie.
Hélio Gracie considers Carlos Gracie.
Renzo Gracie mentions Maeda.
Maeda engages Yukio Tani.
Yukio Tani is the fought in of United Kingdom.
Maeda engages Mikonosuke Kawaishi.
Mikonosuke Kawaishi is the fought in of France.