Ghost In The Shell bases Masamune Shirow.
Ghost In The Shell is the writer of Kazunori Itō.
Ghost In The Shell is the director of Mamoru Oshii.
Ghost In The Shell is the animator of Production I.G.
Ghost In The Shell is the voice actor of Atsuko Tanaka.
Ghost In The Shell is the voice actor of Akio Ōtsuka.
Ghost In The Shell is the voice actor of Iemasa Kayumi.
Ghost In The Shell is the character of Motoko Kusanagi.
Ghost In The Shell is the character of Batou.
Ghost In The Shell is the character of Ishikawa.
Ghost In The Shell is the character of Puppet Master.
Ghost In The Shell is the character of Daisuke Aramaki.
Ghost In The Shell is the composer of Kenji Kawai.
Ghost In The Shell is the inspiration of Wachowskis.
Ghost In The Shell is the character designer of Hiroyuki Okiura.
Ghost In The Shell is the mecha designer of Takeuchi Atsushi.
Ghost In The Shell is the art director of Hiromasa Ogura.
Ghost In The Shell is the cg director of Seichi Tanaka.
Ghost In The Shell is the animation director of Toshihiko Nishikubo.
Ghost In The Shell is the symphony conductor of Sarah Penicka-Smith.
Ghost In The Shell is the singer of Fang Ka Wing.
Ghost In The Shell is the sound designer of Randy Thom.
Ghost In The Shell is the voice actor of Yoshiko Sakakibara.
Ghost In The Shell is the singer of Yoshimasa Mizuno.
Ghost In The Shell is the author of Endo Akira.
Japan releases Vhs.
Japan releases Dvd.
Japan releases Blu-Ray.
Japan releases Special Edition.
Theatres releases Tokyo.
Theatres releases Osaka.
Theatres releases Nagoya.
Theatres releases Fukuoka.
Theatres releases Sapporo.
Japan releases North America.
North America releases Vhs.
North America releases Dvd.
Manga Entertainment releases North America.
Anchor Bay Entertainment releases North America.
Manga Entertainment releases Blu-Ray.
Manga Entertainment is the re released with of Anchor Bay Entertainment.
Manga Entertainment is the re released with of Anchor Bay Entertainment.
Manga Entertainment reachs Billboard.
Manga Entertainment ranks Total Film.
Manga Entertainment ranks Wizards Anime Magazine.
Rotten Tomatoes haves 31.
Rotten Tomatoes haves A Stunning Feat Of Modern Animation , Ghost In The Shell Offers A Thoughtful , Complex Treat For Anime Fans , As Well As A Perfect Introduction For Viewers New To The Genre ..
Twitch Film praises Niels Matthijs.
Empire opines Clark Collis.
Anime News Network praises Johnathan Mays.
Helen Mccarthy is the describes of 500 Essential Anime Movies.
Helen Mccarthy is the describes of One Of The Best Anime Ever Made.
Helen Mccarthy is the describes of Praising Screenplay , An Atmospheric Score , And Adding That Action Scenes As Good As Anything In The Current Hollywood Blockbuster Are Supported By Cgi Effects That Can Still Astonish.
Billboard reachs 1.
Total Film is the ranked of 35.
Wizards Anime Magazine is the ranked of 4.