Napoleon Bonaparte writes Pamphlet.
Napoleon Bonaparte involves French Revolution.
French Revolution leads Civil War.
Civil War takes France.
Napoleon Bonaparte is the spoke with of Merchants.
Napoleon Bonaparte is the loyal to of Republic.
Republic responds Merchants.
Napoleon Bonaparte writes Pamphlet.
National Convention becomes France.
King Louis Xvi executes National Convention.
Maximilien Robespierre is the member of of Jacobin Club.
Jacobin Club establishs France.
Jacobin Club supports French Revolution.
Jacobin Club leads Reign Of Terror.
Reign Of Terror results Insurrection.
France divides Provinces.
National Constituent Assembly reorganizes France.
France reorganizes Departments.
France is the subject to of Feudalism.
Captain Napoleon Bonaparte places Jean @-@ Baptiste Carteaux.
Jean @-@ Baptiste Carteaux attacks Avignon.
Jean @-@ Baptiste Carteaux travels Tarascon.
Tarascon is the across river from of Beaucaire.
Beaucaire is the held of Fair.
Napoleon Bonaparte shares Merchants.
Napoleon Bonaparte discusss Merchants.
Merchants discusss Revolution.
Merchants discusss Rebellions.
Merchants discusss Consequences.
Napoleon Bonaparte supports Republic.
Napoleon Bonaparte defends Merchants.
Merchants is the from of Marseille.
Marseille opposes Royalist Cause.
Marseille opposes Convention.
Marseille opposes Decrees.
Marseille opposes Execution Of Citizens.
Napoleon Bonaparte recommends Marseille.
Marseille is the reject of Counter @-@ Revolutionary Ideals.
Marseille is the adopt of Constitution Of The French Republic.
Napoleon Bonaparte is the drank of Champagne.
Napoleon Bonaparte writes Pamphlet.
Napoleon Bonaparte impresss Augustin Robespierre.
Pamphlet reads Augustin Robespierre.
Pamphlet haves Rebellious Forces.
Pamphlet is the advanced career of of Napoleon Bonaparte.
Napoleon Bonaparte recognizes Christophe Saliceti.
Christophe Saliceti arranges Napoleon Bonaparte.
Christophe Saliceti influences Napoleon Bonaparte.
Augustin Robespierre advances Napoleon Bonaparte.
Napoleon Bonaparte recaptures Toulon.
Louis De Bourrienne mentions Napoleon Bonaparte.