Corythosaurus is the exists in of Upper Cretaceous Period.
Corythosaurus is the exists in of North America.
Corythosaurus names Barnum Brown.
Corythosaurus relates Nipponosaurus.
Corythosaurus relates Velafrons.
Corythosaurus relates Hypacrosaurus.
Corythosaurus relates Olorotitan.
Corythosaurus knows Dinosaur Park Formation.
Corythosaurus coexists Daspletosaurus.
Corythosaurus coexists Brachylophosaurus.
Corythosaurus coexists Parasaurolophus.
Corythosaurus coexists Scolosaurus.
Corythosaurus coexists Chasmosaurus.
Red Deer River locates Alberta.
Alberta locates Canada.
Corythosaurus houses American Museum Of Natural History.
Corythosaurus finds Charles H. Sternberg.
Corythosaurus intends Arthur Smith Woodward.
Corythosaurus is the sunk by of Sms Möwe.
Sms Möwe involves World War One.
Corythosaurus studys Peter Dodson.
Corythosaurus bases Rom 776.
Rom 776 finds Levi Sternberg.
Corythosaurus names William Parks.
Corythosaurus estimates Richard Swann Lull.
Corythosaurus models Vincent Fusco.
Corythosaurus estimates Edwin H. Colbert.
Corythosaurus is the belongs to of Trachodontidae.
Trachodontidae is the belongs to of Hadrosauridae.
Trachodontidae is the belongs to of Trachodontinae.
Trachodontidae is the belongs to of Saurolophinae.
Hadrosaurus is the belongs to of Trachodontinae.
Trachodon is the belongs to of Trachodontinae.
Claosaurus is the belongs to of Trachodontinae.
Kritosaurus is the belongs to of Trachodontinae.
Corythosaurus is the belongs to of Saurolophinae.
Stephanosaurus is the belongs to of Saurolophinae.
Saurolophus is the belongs to of Saurolophinae.
Corythosaurus is the ancestor of of Hypacrosaurus.
Corythosaurus is the closely related to of Hypacrosaurus.
Alfred Sherwood Romer is the base model for of Tyrannosaurus.
Alfred Sherwood Romer is the base model for of Corythosaurus.
Corythosaurus is the closest known relative of Olorotitan.
Benson Et Al. finds Corythosaurus.
Benson Et Al. finds Velafrons.
Benson Et Al. finds Nipponosaurus.
Benson Et Al. finds Hypacrosaurus.
Corythosaurus relates Lambeosaurus.
Corythosaurus relates Hypacrosaurus.
Corythosaurus relates Olorotitan.
Corythosaurus relates Kazaklambia.
Procheneosaurus is the synonym of of Corythosaurus.
Daspletosaurus lives Corythosaurus.
Saurornitholestes lives Corythosaurus.
Brachylophosaurus lives Corythosaurus.
Gryposaurus lives Corythosaurus.
Centrosaurus lives Corythosaurus.
Chasmosaurus lives Corythosaurus.
Scolosaurus lives Corythosaurus.
Edmontonia lives Corythosaurus.
Dyoplosaurus lives Corythosaurus.
Panoplosaurus lives Corythosaurus.
Euoplocephalus lives Corythosaurus.
Gorgosaurus Libratus lives Corythosaurus.
Thomas M. Lehman observes Corythosaurus.