Toronto Magnetic And Meteorological Observatory locates University Of Toronto.
Toronto Magnetic And Meteorological Observatory runs Edward Sabine.
Toronto Magnetic And Meteorological Observatory is the demonstrated effect on of Sunspots.
Toronto Magnetic And Meteorological Observatory expands Canadian Government.
Toronto Magnetic And Meteorological Observatory is the director of John Henry Lefroy.
Toronto Magnetic And Meteorological Observatory erects Ontario Heritage Foundation.
Toronto Magnetic And Meteorological Observatory is the director of Charles Carpmeal.
Toronto Magnetic And Meteorological Observatory is the director of R. F. Stupart.
Toronto Magnetic And Meteorological Observatory designs Frederick Cumberland.
Toronto Magnetic And Meteorological Observatory campaigns Louis Beaufort Stewart.
Toronto Magnetic And Meteorological Observatory develops Herbert Saffir.
Toronto Magnetic And Meteorological Observatory develops Robert Simpson.
June reachs Storm Intensity.
July forms Alice.
Alice impacts Bermuda.
Alice impacts Atlantic Canada.
July forms Depression.
July forms Alfa.
Alfa is the developed of United States.
Alfa impacts Maine.
August forms Brenda.
Brenda impacts Mexican State Of Campeche.
August forms Tropical Storm Christine.
Tropical Storm Christine impacts Atlantic Basin.
Tropical Storm Christine is the developed of Guinea.
August forms Delia.
Delia impacts Freeport.
Delia impacts Texas.
August forms Ellen.
Ellen impacts Atlantic.
Ellen reachs Northerly Latitude.
September forms Gilda.
Gilda impacts Atlantic Canada.
Gilda transitions Transition.
Gilda impacts Atlantic Canada.
September impacts Nicaragua.
Hurricane Ellen originates Cape Verde Islands.
Hurricane Ellen moves Atlantic.
Tropical Depression Thirteen forms Bahamas.
Tropical Depression Thirteen makes Marineland, Florida.
Tropical Depression Thirteen is the affected of Georgia.
Hurricane Fran (Bravo) originates Hispaniola.
Hurricane Fran (Bravo) passs Azores Islands.
Tropical Storm Gilda forms Caribbean Sea.
Tropical Storm Gilda impacts Cuba.
Tropical Storm Gilda impacts Jamaica.
Tropical Storm Gilda impacts Bahamas.
Tropical Storm Gilda impacts Atlantic Canada.
2/4Th Machine Gun Battalion (Australia) raises Australia.
2/4Th Machine Gun Battalion (Australia) is the part of of Second Australian Imperial Force (2Nd Aif).
Lieutenant Eric Wankey is the fought of Japanese.
Lieutenant Eric Wankey supports Australian 22Nd Brigade.
Lieutenant Eric Wankey supports 2 / 20Th Infantry Battalion.
Lieutenant Eric Wankey supports Lieutenant John Meiklejohn.
Lieutenant Eric Wankey supports Private Cliff Spackman.
Lieutenant Eric Wankey supports Lieutenant General Arthur Percival.
Lieutenant Eric Wankey supports Lieutenant Colonel Michael Anketell.
Lieutenant Eric Wankey supports Major John Champion De Crespigny.
Lieutenant Eric Wankey supports Fred Airey.
Lieutenant Eric Wankey supports Private Les Mccann.
Lieutenant Eric Wankey is the fought of Japanese.
Lieutenant Eric Wankey supports Australian 22Nd Brigade.
Lieutenant Eric Wankey supports 2 / 20Th Infantry Battalion.
Lieutenant Eric Wankey supports Lieutenant John Meiklejohn.
Lieutenant Eric Wankey supports Private Cliff Spackman.
Lieutenant Eric Wankey supports Lieutenant General Arthur Percival.
Lieutenant Eric Wankey supports Lieutenant Colonel Michael Anketell.
Lieutenant Eric Wankey supports Major John Champion De Crespigny.
Lieutenant Eric Wankey supports Fred Airey.
Lieutenant Eric Wankey supports Private Les Mccann.
2 / 4Th Machine Gun Battalion receives Malaya 1942.
2 / 4Th Machine Gun Battalion receives Singapore.
Richard Nixon participates 1968 Presidential Campaign.
Richard Nixon holds 36Th Vice President Of The United States.
Richard Nixon defeats 1960 Presidential Election.
Richard Nixon defeats 1962 California Gubernatorial Election.
Richard Nixon nominates Republican National Convention.
Richard Nixon elects 37Th President Of The United States.
Richard Nixon elects 39Th Vice President Of The United States.
Richard Nixon elects United States House Of Representatives.
Richard Nixon represents California'S 12Th Congressional District.
Richard Nixon elects United States Senate.
Richard Nixon identifys Anti-Communist.
Richard Nixon selects General Dwight D. Eisenhower.
Richard Nixon serves Cold War.
Richard Nixon gains Barry Goldwater.
New York Post publishs Richard Nixon.
Richard Nixon joins Mudge Rose Guthrie Alexander & Ferdon.
Richard Nixon considers 1964 Presidential Campaign.
Henry Bellmon is the temporarily filled position for of Richard Nixon.
Richard Nixon defeats Governor Harold Stassen.
American Independent Party is the candidate of of George Wallace.
Senator Eugene Mccarthy is the ran in primary for of Democratic Party.
Hubert Humphrey is the ran in primary for of Democratic Party.
Robert Kennedy is the ran in primary for of Democratic Party.
American Society Of Newspaper Editors questions Richard Nixon.
Supreme Court Decisions is the formation of Congressional Committee.
Supreme Court Decisions is the praise of Civil Rights Leaders.
Nixon is the winner of Nebraska Primary.
Nebraska Primary defeats Reagan.
Nebraska Primary is the winner of Nixon.
Oregon Primary competes Reagan.
Oregon Primary is the winner of Nixon.
Oregon Primary dos Rockefeller.
Nixon is the favorite to win nomination of Republican National Convention.
Republican National Convention is the nominee for president of Nixon.
Republican National Convention is the second place of Governor Rockefeller.
Republican National Convention is the third place of Governor Ronald Reagan.
Republican National Convention influences Senator Strom Thurmond.
Republican National Convention influences Charlton Lyons.
Nixon selects Governor Spiro Agnew.
Governor Spiro Agnew is the from of Maryland.
Governor Spiro Agnew is the appeal to of African Americans.
Governor Spiro Agnew works Nixon Campaign.
Governor Spiro Agnew heads Draft Rockefeller Movement.
Republican National Convention is the second place for running mate of Governor Romney.
Republican National Convention is the possible running mate of Governor George Bush.
Republican National Convention is the possible running mate of Senator Percy.
Nixon hires Roger Ailes.
Nixon focuss California.
Nixon focuss Illinois.
Nixon focuss Michigan.
Nixon focuss New York.
Nixon focuss Ohio.
Nixon focuss Pennsylvania.
Nixon focuss Texas.
Nixon encounters Roger Ailes.
Nixon is the endorsed peace talks of Vietnam War.
Nixon receives President Johnson.
Nixon is the operative spoke with of Anna Chennault.
Nixon is the supporter of nixon of Melvin Laird.
Nixon informs Senate Minority Leader Everett Dirksen.
Nixon informs Senator George Smathers.
Nixon is the rivalry of Humphrey.
Nixon is the won state of California.
Nixon is the won state of Illinois.
Nixon is the won state of Ohio.
Humphrey loses California.
Humphrey loses Illinois.
Humphrey loses Ohio.
Nixon is the won region of West.
Nixon loses Northeast.
Nixon loses Texas.
Humphrey is the won state of Texas.
Wallace loses West.
Wallace loses Northeast.
Wallace is the won state of Texas.
Vice President concedes Humphrey.