The Secret Of Monkey Island is the developer of Lucasfilm Games.
The Secret Of Monkey Island sets Caribbean.
The Secret Of Monkey Island is the protagonist of Guybrush Threepwood.
The Secret Of Monkey Island is the creator of Ron Gilbert.
The Secret Of Monkey Island is the designer of Tim Schafer.
The Secret Of Monkey Island is the designer of Dave Grossman.
The Secret Of Monkey Island is the inspiration of Pirates Of The Caribbean.
The Secret Of Monkey Island uses Scumm Engine.
The Secret Of Monkey Island praises Critics.
The Secret Of Monkey Island spawns Sequels.
The Secret Of Monkey Island is the part of of Monkey Island Series.
The Secret Of Monkey Island is the remake by of Lucasarts.
The Secret Of Monkey Island is the sequel of Monkey Island 2: Lechuck'S Revenge.
Remake Of The Secret Of Monkey Island is the developer of Lucasarts.
Guybrush Threepwood is the arrival at of Mêlée Islandtm.
Guybrush Threepwood is the love interest of Elaine Marley.
Guybrush Threepwood is the rival of Ghost Pirate Lechuck.
Guybrush Threepwood is the encounters of Voodoo Priestess.
Guybrush Threepwood is the meets of Stan The Used Boat Salesman.
Guybrush Threepwood is the duels against of Carla The Sword Master.
Guybrush Threepwood is the meets of Otis.
Guybrush Threepwood is the meets of Meathook.
Guybrush Threepwood is the meets of Herman Toothrot.
Guybrush Threepwood is the helps of Cannibals.
Ron Gilbert is the conceives of Pirate Adventure Game.
Ron Gilbert is the previous work of Zak Mckracken And The Alien Mindbenders.
Ron Gilbert assigns Indiana Jones And The Last Crusade: The Graphic Adventure.
Ron Gilbert is the previous work of Maniac Mansion.
Tim Schafer inspires Errol Flynn.
Dave Grossman is the collaborates with of Orson Scott Card.
Dave Grossman inspires Tim Powers.
Dave Grossman is the visits of Skywalker Ranch.
Dave Grossman is the writes dialogue for of Pirate Reggae Music.
Michael Land is the composes of Pirate Reggae Music.
Michael Land is the composes of Special Edition Of The Secret Of Monkey Island.