Fountain is the contribute to of Custom Fittings.
Custom Fittings is the contribute to of Glass Block.
Custom Fittings is the contribute to of Nozzle.
Leds is the use in of Screens.
Leds is the use in of Light Bulbs.
Light Bulbs is the use in of Circuitry.
Fans is the cool of Garage.
Color Kinetics Leds is the use to illuminate of Fixtures.
Pool uses Pavers.
Pavers is the rest on of Screw Jack Pedestals.
Pavers is the affect level of Water.
Garage is the access for of Maintenance.
Garage is the combine with of Outriggers.
Garage is the combine with of Tiebacks.
Glass Blocks is the removal for of Maintenance.
Filtered Air is the minimize need for of Maintenance.
Control Center locates Video Servers.
Control Center locates Hard Drives.
Barco Show Controller is the select sequence of Faces.
Barco Show Controller is the determine lighting of Etc System.
Etc System is the control of Spotlights.
Maintenance Issues is the range from of Maintenance.
Images is the display of Faces.
Water is the draw from of Pumps.
Pumps is the regulate from of Control Center.
Fountain is the befocus of of Surveillance Cameras.
Surveillance Cameras purchases City.
Surveillance Cameras is the part of of City.
City is the consult with of Surveillance Cameras.
City is the notify of Plensa.
City removes Plensa.
Plensa is the support removal of Surveillance Cameras.
Fountain replaces Led Lighting.
Led Lighting replaces Incandescent Bulbs.
Faces is the reflect changes of Humanity.
Faces is the update with of Rotation Of Videos.
Faces is the reflect changes of Humanity.
Chicago Tribune reviews Jumbotron.
Chicago Tribune reviews Philip Jodidio.
Philip Jodidio authors Architecture : Art.
Plensa contributes Architecture : Art.
Plensa locates Historic Michigan Boulevard District.
Historic Michigan Boulevard District is the features of Skywall.
Philip Jodidio mentions Plensa.
Plensa creates Architecture : Art.
Architecture : Art juxtaposes Historic Michigan Boulevard District.
Architecture : Art is the highlights of Skywall.
Architecture : Art is the modernization of of Gargoyle Theme.
Architecture : Art is the humanization of of Gargoyle Theme.
Architecture : Art is the challenges of Gargoyle Theme.
Architecture : Art locates Historic Michigan Boulevard District.
Architecture : Art is the highlights of Skywall.
Architecture : Art is the features of Skywall.
Architecture : Art is the integral part of of Towers.
Towers is the part of of Skyline.
Towers achieves Skyline.