Nicole Franklin portrays Tessa James.
Nicole Franklin introduces Cameron Welsh.
Nicole Franklin is the romantic relationship of Geoff Campbell.
Nicole Franklin involves Freya Duric.
Nicole Franklin is the romantic relationship of Aden Jefferies.
Nicole Franklin is the brief fling of Liam Murphy.
Nicole Franklin involves Trey Palmer.
Nicole Franklin haves Sid Walker.
Nicole Franklin agrees Marilyn Chambers.
Nicole Franklin is the daughter of of Roman Harris.
Tessa James portrays Nicole Franklin.
Cameron Welsh introduces Nicole Franklin.
Geoff Campbell is the romantic relationship of Nicole Franklin.
Freya Duric involves Nicole Franklin.
Aden Jefferies is the romantic relationship of Nicole Franklin.
Liam Murphy haves Nicole Franklin.
Trey Palmer involves Nicole Franklin.
Sid Walker haves Nicole Franklin.
Marilyn Chambers adopts Nicole Franklin.
Roman Harris is the father of of Nicole Franklin.
Celeste Dodwell portrays Melody Jones.
Conrad Coleby portrays Roman Harris.
Melody Jones portrays Celeste Dodwell.
Belle Taylor portrays Jessica Tovey.
Elliot Gillen dates Nicole Franklin.
Derrick Quaid encounters Nicole Franklin.
John Atkinson portrays Derrick Quaid.
Axle Whitehead portrays Liam Murphy.
Brendan Austin portrays Kain O'Keeffe.
Kain O'Keeffe portrays Brendan Austin.
Jessica Tovey portrays Belle Taylor.
Lewis portrays Nicole Franklin.
James is the opinion about of Aden.
James is the opinion about of Nicole.
James is the opinion about of Nicole.
Nicole is the relationship of Aden.
James is the opinion about of Nicole.
Nicole is the opinion about of Aden.
Nicole is the opinion about of Aden.
Lasance is the description by of Nicole.
Lasance is the description by of Nicole.
Nicole is the declaration of love of Aden.
Aden is the appreciation of love of Nicole.
Aden is the inability to reciprocate love of Nicole.
Nicole is the feeling of hurt of Aden.
Aden is the understanding of complicated backstory of Nicole.
Geoff is the attempt to help of Nicole.
Geoff is the observation of erratic behavior of Nicole.
Geoff is the rejection of romantic advances of Nicole.
Geoff is the support of Nicole.
Nicole is the perception as solution to problems of Alcohol.
Nicole increases Alcohol.
Nicole is the association with irresponsible behavior of Alcohol.
Nicole is the company of of Men.
Geoff is the love realization of Nicole.
Geoff is the continued support of Nicole.
Nicole is the relationship of Penn Graham.
Penn Graham is the manipulation by of Nicole.
Nicole is the disclosure of pregnancy of Marilyn Chambers.
Nicole is the offer to adopt baby of Marilyn Chambers.
Nicole is the conflict over baby adoption of Marilyn Chambers.
Nicole is the apology received from of Marilyn Chambers.
Nicole is the feeling of being left out of Marilyn Chambers.
Nicole feeds Marilyn Chambers.
Nicole is the relationship of Angelo Rosetta.
Angelo Rosetta is the end of relationship of Nicole.
Nicole is the support during pregnancy of Angelo Rosetta.
Angelo Rosetta forces Nicole.
Nicole is the birth of of George.
Nicole hands George.
Nicole is the motherly instinct realization of George.
Nicole breastfeeds George.
Marilyn Chambers is the request to stay away from baby of Nicole.
Nicole is the defense by of Marilyn Chambers.