Asahi owns Imperial Japanese Navy.
Asahi builds United Kingdom.
Asahi is the flagship of of Standing Fleet.
Asahi participates Russo-Japanese War.
Asahi participates World War I.
Asahi participates Siberian Intervention.
Asahi complys Washington Naval Treaty.
Asahi participates Second Sino-Japanese War.
Asahi bases Shanghai.
Asahi bases Cam Ranh Bay.
Asahi bases French Indochina.
Asahi transfers Singapore.
Asahi is the sunk by of American Submarine Uss Salmon.
Asahi learns First Sino-Japanese War.
Imperial Japanese Navy learns Jeune École.
Imperial Japanese Navy learns Torpedo Boats.
Imperial Japanese Navy learns Commerce Raiding.
Asahi is the similar to of Fuji.
Asahi is the similar to of Shikishima.
Asahi bases Formidable-Class Battleships.
Asahi orders Clydebank Engineering & Shipbuilding Company.
Asahi modifys Formidable-Class Battleships.
Asahi completes John Brown & Company.
Asahi builds Clydebank.
Asahi builds Scotland.
Asahi powers Humphrys, Tennant.
Asahi uses Belleville Boilers.
Asahi equips Elswick Ordnance Company.
Asahi protects Harvey Armour.
Asahi equips Barr And Stroud Fa3 Coincidence Rangefinders.
Asahi transfers Baltic Fleet.
Asahi escorts Great White Fleet.
Asahi transforms Gunnery Training Ship.
Asahi replaces Japanese Guns.
Asahi assigns 5Th Division Of The 3Rd Fleet.
Asahi participates Russian Civil War.
Asahi escorts Troop Convoys.
Asahi is the guard ship at of Kamchatka.
Asahi reclassifys First-Class Coastal Defence Ship.
Asahi is the disarmament location of Yokosuka.
Asahi is the compliance with of Washington Naval Treaty.
Asahi reclassifys Training And Submarine Depot Ship.
Asahi is the boilers replaced with of Kanpon Type Ro Boilers.
Asahi conducts German Submarine 0-1.
Asahi launchs E2N1 Type 15 Seaplane.
Asahi fits Compressed-Air Aircraft Catapult.
Asahi replaces Gunpowder Catapult.
Asahi reclassifys Repair Ship.
Asahi affects Marco Polo Bridge Incident.
Asahi involves Second Sino-Japanese War.
Asahi is the amphibious landing at of Hangzhou Bay.
Asahi is the conversion location of Kure.
Asahi is the arrival location of Shanghai.
Asahi modifys Torpedo Depot Ship.
Asahi transfers Camranh Bay.
Asahi transports 11Th Base Unit.
Asahi stations Singapore.
Asahi repairs Light Cruiser Naka.
Asahi is the torpedoed by of Submarine Uss Seawolf.
Asahi escorts Subchaser Ch-9.
Asahi sights Submarine Uss Salmon.
Asahi is the location of sighting of Cape Padaran.
Asahi is the sank due to of Attack.
Asahi rescues Ship'S Captain.
Asahi rescues Crewmen.