Sonic The Hedgehog develops Sonic Team.
Sonic The Hedgehog publishs Sega.
Sonic The Hedgehog is the antagonist of Dr. Robotnik.
Sonic The Hedgehog is the features of Chaos Emeralds.
Sonic The Hedgehog programs Yuji Naka.
Sonic The Hedgehog influences Shigeru Miyamoto.
Sonic The Hedgehog is the development team of Am8.
Sonic The Hedgehog influences Super Mario.
Sonic The Hedgehog is the iconic character of Mickey Mouse.
Sonic The Hedgehog is the platform of Genesis.
Sonic The Hedgehog releases North America.
Sonic The Hedgehog releases Europe.
Sonic The Hedgehog releases Australia.
Sonic The Hedgehog releases Japan.
Sonic The Hedgehog is the zone of Green Hill.
Sonic The Hedgehog is the zone of Marble.
Sonic The Hedgehog is the zone of Spring Yard.
Sonic The Hedgehog is the zone of Labyrinth.
Sonic The Hedgehog is the zone of Star Light.
Sonic The Hedgehog is the zone of Scrap Brain.
Sonic The Hedgehog is the antagonist of Dr. Ivo Robotnik.
Sonic The Hedgehog is the location of South Island.
Sonic The Hedgehog is the similar to of Alex Kidd.
Sonic The Hedgehog is the similar to of Mario.
Sonic The Hedgehog involves Hayao Nakayama.
Sonic The Hedgehog is the early design of Mr. Needlemouse.
Sonic The Hedgehog is the antagonist of Dr. Eggman.
Sonic The Hedgehog inspires Michael Jackson.
Sonic The Hedgehog inspires Bad.
Sonic The Hedgehog inspires Santa Claus.
Sonic The Hedgehog scraps Madonna.
Sonic The Hedgehog is the character in sequel of Miles 'Tails' Prower.
Sonic The Hedgehog works Phantasy Star.
Sonic The Hedgehog works Ghouls 'N Ghosts.
Sonic The Hedgehog is the influenced design of Eizin Suzuki.
Sonic The Hedgehog is the influenced design of California.
Sonic The Hedgehog is the similar to of Segasonic The Hedgehog.
Sonic The Hedgehog bases Mighty The Armadillo.
Sonic The Hedgehog is the early design of Felix The Cat.
Sonic The Hedgehog is the character in series of Vector The Crocodile.
Sonic The Hedgehog is the character in series of Knuckles' Chaotix.
Sonic The Hedgehog is the character in series of Sonic Heroes.
Sonic The Hedgehog is the character in series of Sonic Free Riders.
Sonic The Hedgehog is the music by of Dreams Come True.
Sonic The Hedgehog is the character in series of Sharps Chicken.
Sonic The Hedgehog is the character in series of Max Monkey.
Sonic The Hedgehog is the character in series of Mach Rabbit.
Sonic The Hedgehog is the character in series of Vector.
Sonic The Hedgehog illustrates Akira Watanabe.
Sonic The Hedgehog replaces Altered Beast.
Sonic The Hedgehog ports Master System.
Sonic The Hedgehog ports Game Gear.
Yuzo Koshiro composes Virtual Console.
Yuzo Koshiro composes Game Gear.
Master System is the final released of North America.
Master System is the re released of Wii.
Master System is the re released of Virtual Console.
Game Gear is the re released of Nintendo 3Ds.
Nintendo 3Ds includes Sonic Adventure Dx : Director 'S Cut.
Nintendo 3Ds includes Sonic Adventure Dx : Director 'S Cut.
Nintendo 3Ds includes Sonic Mega Collection Plus.
Nintendo 3Ds includes Sonic Mega Collection Plus.
Nintendo 3Ds includes Sonic Mega Collection Plus.
Sonic The Hedgehog Genesis releases Game Boy Advance.
Sonic The Hedgehog Genesis releases United States.
Sonic The Hedgehog Genesis marks Sonic The Hedgehog 2.
Sonic The Hedgehog Genesis includes Sonic The Hedgehog 2.
Sonic The Hedgehog Genesis is the included anniversary mode of Sonic The Hedgehog 2.
Sonic The Hedgehog Genesis includes Sonic The Hedgehog 2.
Sonic The Hedgehog Genesis is the screen zoomed in of Sonic The Hedgehog 2.
Sonic The Hedgehog Genesis adapts Sonic The Hedgehog 2.
Sonic The Hedgehog Genesis receives Sonic The Hedgehog 2.
Sonic Compilation ports Sonic The Hedgehog.
Sonic Compilation ports Genesis.
Sonic Jam ports Sega Saturn.
Sonic Jam ports Game.Com.
Sonic Mega Collection includes Sonic Compilation.
Sonic Mega Collection Plus includes Sonic Compilation.
Sonic Mega Collection Plus includes Sonic Compilation.
Sonic Mega Collection Plus includes Sonic 'S Ultimate Genesis Collection.
Sonic Mega Collection Plus includes Xbox 360.
Sonic Mega Collection Plus includes Playstation 3.
Sonic Classic Collection includes Nintendo Ds.
Sonic Generations includes Sonic The Hedgehog.
Seventh Generation releases Wii Virtual Console.
Seventh Generation releases Xbox Live Arcade.
Seventh Generation releases Playstation Network.
Seventh Generation releases Ipod Classic.
Seventh Generation releases Ipod Video.
Seventh Generation releases Ipod Nano.
Seventh Generation releases Apple 'S Ios.
Seventh Generation releases Gametap.
Seventh Generation releases Microsoft Windows.
Seventh Generation releases Steam.
Seventh Generation releases Google Play.
Seventh Generation releases Amazon Appstore.
Seventh Generation releases Ios.
Seventh Generation releases Android.
Seventh Generation releases Nintendo 3Ds 3D Classics.
Seventh Generation releases Japan.
Metacritic reviews Sonic The Hedgehog.
Gamerankings reviews Sonic The Hedgehog.
Super Nintendo Entertainment System rivals Sonic The Hedgehog.
Super Nintendo Entertainment System rivals Super Mario World.
Computer And Video Games reviews Sonic The Hedgehog.
Gamepro reviews Sonic The Hedgehog.
Mean Machines reviews Sonic The Hedgehog.
Dragon reviews Sonic The Hedgehog.
Gamezone reviews Sonic The Hedgehog.
Electronic Gaming Monthly reviews Sonic The Hedgehog.
Paul Rand reviews Sonic The Hedgehog.
Boogie Man reviews Sonic The Hedgehog.
Hartley Lesser reviews Sonic The Hedgehog.
Patricia Lesser reviews Sonic The Hedgehog.
Kirk Lesser reviews Sonic The Hedgehog.
Frank Provo reviews Sonic The Hedgehog.
Lucas M. Thomas reviews Sonic The Hedgehog.
Ign reviews Sonic The Hedgehog.
Mega reviews Sonic The Hedgehog.
Game Informer reviews Sonic The Hedgehog.