Ise-Class Battleships builds Imperial Japanese Navy.
Ise-Class Battleships builds World War I.
Ise-Class Battleships is the carried supplies for survivors during of Great Kantō Earthquake.
Ise-Class Battleships considers Pacific War.
Ise-Class Battleships is the rebuilt with a flight deck after of Battle Of Midway.
Ise-Class Battleships participates Battle Of Cape Engaño.
Ise-Class Battleships transfers Southeast Asia.
Ise-Class Battleships participates Operation Kita.
Ise-Class Battleships is the decoyed american carrier fleet during of Battle Of Leyte.
Ise-Class Battleships raises Hms Dreadnought.
Ise-Class Battleships is the proven successful in last year of of Russo-Japanese War.
Ise-Class Battleships is the destruction of russian second and third pacific squadrons at of Battle Of Tsushima.
Ise-Class Battleships outclasss British Queen Elizabeth-Class Battleships.
Ise-Class Battleships outclasss Russian Borodino-Class Battlecruisers.
Ise-Class Battleships speculates Satō Tetsutarō.
Ise-Class Battleships is the maintain fleet with at least 70 % as many capital ships as of United States Navy.
Ise-Class Battleships raises Royal Navy.
Gun is the issue of Gun_Sights.
Gun is the issue of Vibration.
Gun is the issue of Muzzle_Blast.
Gun is the property of Effective_Range.
Gun is the property of Effective_Ceiling.
Gun is the property of Rate_Of_Fire.
Gun is the issue of Magazines.
Armour is the part of Bulkheads.
Armour is the part of Turrets.
Armour is the part of Conning_Tower.
Armour is the part of Powder_Magazine.
Armour is the part of Shell_Magazine.
Armour is the part of Double_Bottom.
Armour is the part of Watertight_Compartments.
Armour is the part of Torpedo_Bulge.
Fire_Control is the part of Sensors.
Aircraft is the part of Aircraft_Platform.
Aircraft is the part of Catapult.
Aircraft is the part of Crane.
Aircraft is the part of Flight_Deck.
Aircraft is the part of Hangar.
Aircraft is the part of Lift.
Aircraft is the part of Radars.
Battleships is the part of Steering_Compartment.
Battleships is the part of Fuel_Oil.
Battleships is the part of Radar.
Battleships is the part of Degaussing_Coils.
Ise is the conversion of Kure Naval Arsenal.
Hyūga is the conversion of Sasebo Naval Arsenal.
Ise attachs Imperial Japanese Naval Academy.
Ise ferrys Truk.
Ise is the sea trials of Etajima.
Ise transfers Rear Admiral Matsuda Chiaki.
Hyūga assigns Vice Admiral Jisaburō Ozawa.
Ise transfers Fourth Carrier Division.
Hyūga transfers Fourth Carrier Division.
Fourth Carrier Division assigns Northern Force.
Hyūga is the arrival of Amami Ōshima.
Hyūga transfers Cam Ranh Bay.
Hyūga is the arrival of Lingga Island.
Hyūga sails Singapore.
Hyūga sails French Indochina.
Hyūga attacks Task Force 58.
Ise attacks Task Force 58.
Hyūga attacks Task Force 58.
Ise attacks Task Force 58.