Independiente is the artist of Ricardo Arjona.
Independiente is the producer of Dan Warner.
Independiente is the producer of Lee Levin.
Independiente is the producer of Tommy Torres.
Independiente is the label of Metamorfosis.
Independiente compares Historias.
Independiente compares Animal Nocturno.
Independiente is the chart topping of Billboard Top Latin Albums.
Independiente is the chart topping of Latin Pop Albums.
Independiente is the chart topping of Mexican Albums Chart.
Independiente certifys Chile.
Independiente certifys United States.
Independiente certifys Mexico.
Independiente certifys Venezuela.
Independiente certifys Argentina.
Independiente is the single release of El Amor.
Independiente is the single release of Fuiste Tú.
Independiente is the single release of Mi Novia Se Me Está Poniendo Vieja.
Independiente is the single release of Te Quiero.
Independiente is the single release of Si Tu No Existieras.
Independiente is the promotional venue of Vélez Stadium.
Independiente is the tour location of Toluca.
Independiente is the tour location of Buenos Aires.
Independiente is the tour venue of Mateo Flores Stadium.
Arjona releases Independiente.
Independiente is the topped of Billboard Top Latin Albums.
Independiente is the topped of Latin Pop Albums.
Independiente debuts Mexico.
Independiente debuts Argentina.
Independiente charts Spain.
Independiente certifys United States.
Independiente certifys Venezuela.
Independiente certifys Chile.
Independiente certifys Colombia.
Independiente sells United States.
Tropical Storm Yanyan classifys Jma.
Tropical Storm Yanyan classifys Jtwc.
Tropical Storm Yanyan locates Marshall Islands.
Tropical Storm Yanyan locates Mariana Islands.
Typhoon Kujira (Amang) is the caused fatalities in of Pohnpei.
Typhoon Kujira (Amang) causes Guam.
Typhoon Kujira (Amang) prompts Philippines.
Typhoon Kujira (Amang) prompts Taiwan.
Typhoon Kujira (Amang) causes Japan.
Typhoon Kujira (Amang) causes Ryukyu Islands.
Typhoon Kujira (Amang) causes Ishigaki Island.
Typhoon Kujira (Amang) makes Kyushu.
Typhoon Kujira (Amang) crosss Sea Of Okhotsk.
Imbudo is the struck of Luzon.
Imbudo is the struck of Philippines.
Imbudo estimates Jtwc.
Imbudo strikes South China Sea.
Imbudo strikes China.
Imbudo is the struck of Yangjiang.
Imbudo strikes Guangdong.
Imbudo occurs July 22.
Imbudo strikes July 24.
Imbudo dissipates July 25.
Imbudo is the heaviest damage of Cagayan Valley.
Imbudo is the crop damage of Isabela.
Imbudo is the damage of Philippines.
Koni originates Philippine Sea.
Koni originates July 15.
Koni moves July 17.
Koni moves South China Sea.
Koni is the landfall of Hainan.
Koni is the final landfall of Vietnam.
Koni is the final landfall of Hanoi.
Koni is the comparison of Morakot.
Morakot is the landfall of Taiwan.
Morakot is the final landfall of Quanzhou.
Morakot is the landfall of China.
Morakot is the damage of Taiwan.
Morakot is the damage of Nt $ 70 Million.
Morakot is the damage of Hainan.
Morakot is the damage of Vietnam.
Vamco originates August 18.
Vamco originates Luzon.
Vamco dissipates Taiwan.
Vamco passs Taipei.
Vamco is the rainfall of Wenzhou.
Vamco is the damage of China.
Dujuan is the development of Guam.
Dujuan is the landfall of Okinawa.
Dujuan is the landfall of Shikoku.
Dujuan is the landfall of Honshu.
Dujuan is the landfall of Hokkaido.
Dujuan is the damage of Hong Kong.
Dujuan is the damage of Guangxi.
Dujuan is the damage of Guangdong.
Dujuan is the damage of Guangdong.
Dujuan is the damage of Guangdong.
Dujuan is the damage of Guangxi.
Dujuan is the impact of Vietnam.
Maemi is the formation of Pacific Ocean.
Maemi is the landfall of Busan.
Maemi is the landfall of South Korea.
Maemi is the impact of Jeju Island.
Maemi becomes Sea Of Japan.
Japan blocks Roads.
Japan occurs Deaths.
Japan causes Damage.
South Korea is the heaviest in of Damage.
South Korea locates Busan.
Busan reachs Winds.
Busan sustains Port.
Port is the disruptions to of Exports.
South Korea is the destroyed of Houses.
South Korea damages Homes.
South Korea damages Businesses.
South Korea is the left homeless of People.
South Korea loses Power.
South Korea occurs Crop Damage.
South Korea is the worst in of Rice Crop.
South Korea kills Maemi.
South Korea totals Damage.
Typhoon Choi-Wan locates Luzon.
Luzon spawns Disturbance.
Luzon is the weak of Wind Shear.
Luzon is the favorable of Conditions.
Luzon classifys Tropical Depression.
Luzon upgrades Tropical Storm Choi-Wan.
Luzon classifys Tropical Storm Roskas.
Luzon tracks Okinawa.
Okinawa tracks Amami Ōshima.
Typhoon Choi-Wan locates Japan.
Typhoon Choi-Wan intensifys Winds.
Typhoon Choi-Wan becomes Typhoon.
Typhoon Choi-Wan is the developed of Eye.
Typhoon Choi-Wan reachs Wind Gusts.
Typhoon Choi-Wan is the winds gusted to of Chōshi.
Typhoon Choi-Wan drops Rainfall.
Typhoon Choi-Wan floods Boat.
Typhoon Choi-Wan rescues Coast Guard.
Typhoon Choi-Wan causes Landslides.
Severe Tropical Storm Melor tracks Palau.
Severe Tropical Storm Melor tracks Philippines.
Severe Tropical Storm Melor passs Taiwan.
Severe Tropical Storm Melor tracks Hateruma.
Severe Tropical Storm Melor reachs Rainfall.
Severe Tropical Storm Melor is the record breaking of Hateruma.
Typhoon Nepartak tracks Yap.
Typhoon Nepartak tracks Philippines.
Typhoon Nepartak passs Hainan.
Typhoon Nepartak impacts China.
Typhoon Nepartak names Pagasa.
Typhoon Nepartak issues Pagasa.
Typhoon Nepartak is the post storm report of Pagasa.
Lakay locates Taiwan.
Lakay is the near of Vamco.
Lakay is the affected of China.
Lakay is the affected of Xiamen.
Hurricane Jimena crosss International Date Line.
Tropical Depression Quiel locates Philippines.
Tropical Depression Quiel locates Luzon.
Tropical Depression Quiel spawns Typhoon Choi-Wan.
Tropical Depression 18W locates Luzon.
Tropical Depression 18W is the affected of China.
Tropical Depression 19W locates Taiwan.
Tropical Depression 19W moves Japan.
Tropical Depression 19W moves Kyushu.
Tropical Depression 19W moves Honshu.
Tropical Depression 19W is the affected of Kōchi.
Tropical Depression 19W dissipates Japan.
Ursula locates South China Sea.
Ursula crosss Palawan.
Ursula locates Philippines.
Gulf Of Thailand is the affected of Thailand.
Vietnam locates Tropical Depression.
Tropical Storm Zigzag makes Mindanao.