Kutuzov is the lead army across of Coalition Army.
Kutuzov is the cross at of Danube.
Kutuzov is the destroy bridge behind of Krems.
Kutuzov is the past location of Stein.
Kutuzov is the abandon to of Vienna.
Kutuzov is the unite with reinforcements of Galicia.
Kutuzov learns Suvorov.
Kutuzov is the command with of Miloradovich.
Kutuzov is the utilize for patrolling of Cossacks.
Gazan is the offer bait to of Dokhturov.
Gazan is the offer bait to of Mortier.
Schmitt recommends Kutuzov.
Schmitt assists Charles.
Schmitt is the chief of staff of Coalition Army.
Schmitt finds Stiebar.
Schmitt concocts Kutuzov.
Miloradovich approachs Gazan.
Miloradovich supports Bagration.
Dokhturov outflanks Gazan.
Dokhturov outflanks Schmitt.
Dokhturov arrives Schmitt.
Strik assaults Gazan.
Strik arrives Dokhturov.
Strik pushs Gazan.
Dupont hurrys Mortier.
Dupont attacks Dokhturov.
Dupont assails Schmitt.
Mortier evacuates Gazan.
Gazan receives Legion Of Honor.
Schmitt participates Austerlitz.
Schmitt is the better tactician than of Franz Von Weyrother.
Napoleon is the won of Austerlitz.
Michael Von Kienmayer joins Kutuzov.
Archduke Ferdinand participates Austerlitz.
Prince Schwarzenberg participates Austerlitz.
Maximilian , Count Of Merveldt participates Austerlitz.
Édouard Adolphe Mortier is the commander of of Pierre Dupont De L 'Étang.
Édouard Adolphe Mortier is the commander of of Honoré Théodore Maxime Gazan De La Peyrière.
Édouard Adolphe Mortier is the commander of of Jean @-@ Baptiste Dumonceau.
Édouard Adolphe Mortier is the commander of of Louis Klein.
Prince Pyotr Ivanovich Bagration participates Austerlitz.
Lieutenant General Essen participates Austerlitz.
Lieutenant General Dokhturov participates Austerlitz.
Lieutenant General Schepelev participates Austerlitz.
Lieutenant General Freiherr Von Maltitz participates Austerlitz.
Lieutenant General Freiherr Von Rosen participates Austerlitz.
Major General Johann Nepomuk Von Nostitz @-@ Rieneck participates Austerlitz.
Lieutenant Field Marshal Friedrich Karl Wilhelm , Fürst Zu Hohenlohe participates Austerlitz.