American Beauty is the director of Sam Mendes.
American Beauty is the writer of Alan Ball.
American Beauty is the actor of Kevin Spacey.
American Beauty is the character of Lester Burnham.
American Beauty is the character of Angela.
Angela is the actor of Mena Suvari.
American Beauty is the actor of Annette Bening.
American Beauty is the character of Carolyn.
American Beauty is the actor of Thora Birch.
American Beauty is the actor of Wes Bentley.
American Beauty is the actor of Chris Cooper.
American Beauty is the actor of Allison Janney.
American Beauty is the producer of Dan Jinks.
American Beauty is the producer of Bruce Cohen.
American Beauty is the cinematographer of Conrad Hall.
American Beauty is the character of Jim Olmeyer.
American Beauty is the character of Jim Berkley.
American Beauty is the character of Buddy Kane.
American Beauty is the character of Frank Fitts.
American Beauty is the character of Barbara.
American Beauty is the character of Ricky.
American Beauty is the character of Jane.
Dreamworks contracts Mendes.
Beth Swofford arranges Mendes.
Beth Swofford introduces American Beauty.
Beth Swofford haves American Beauty.
Beth Swofford is the scripts included american beauty of American Beauty.
Beth Swofford is the scripts inspired mendes to direct of American Beauty.
Beth Swofford is the scripts led to mendes directing of American Beauty.
Steven Spielberg encourages Mendes.
Steven Spielberg impresss Mendes.
Steven Spielberg meets Mendes.
Steven Spielberg encourages American Beauty.
Jinks discusss Ball.
Cohen discusss Ball.
Ball supports American Beauty.
Ball is the impressed with mendes'visual sense of American Beauty.
Ball is the felt mendes liked to look under the story 's surface of American Beauty.
Ball is the felt mendes ' talent would be a good fit with the themes of American Beauty.
Ball is the felt mendes ' background reassured him of American Beauty.
Cooper meets Mendes.
Walter Parkes meets Mendes.
Laurie Macdonald meets Mendes.
Cooper pitchs Mendes.
Walter Parkes pitchs Mendes.
Laurie Macdonald pitchs Mendes.
Mendes pitchs American Beauty.
Mendes is the convinced studio to let him direct of American Beauty.
Mendes approachs American Beauty.
Mendes is the accepted minimum salary deal of American Beauty.
Mendes confirms American Beauty.
Ricky is the relationship of Jane.
Ricky is the relationship of Lester.
Ricky is the relationship of Col. Fitts.
Mendes directs Ricky.
Mendes directs Burnhams.
Mendes directs Spacey.
Mendes directs Bening.
Mendes directs Hall.
Mendes edits Christopher Greenbury.
Mendes edits Tariq Anwar.
Mendes directs Fred Elmes.
Mendes recommends Tom Cruise.
Mendes directs Nicole Kidman.
Mendes is the music score of Thomas Newman.
Thomas Newman features Bobby Darin.
Chris Douridas nominates Grammy Award.
Elliott Smith covers The Beatles.
Annie Lennox covers Neil Young.
Dreamworks contracts Amazon.Com.
David Hochman reviews American Beauty.
Sam Mendes directs American Beauty.
Alan Ball writes American Beauty.
Piers Handling awards American Beauty.
Todd Mccarthy reviews American Beauty.
Janet Maslin reviews American Beauty.
Roger Ebert reviews American Beauty.
Kevin Jackson reviews American Beauty.
Gary Hentzi reviews American Beauty.
Kenneth Turan reviews American Beauty.
Sam Mendes directs American Beauty.
American Beauty haves Rotten Tomatoes.
American Beauty haves Metacritic.
American Beauty produces Dreamworks.
American Beauty is the won of Golden Globe Awards.
American Beauty nominates 72Nd Academy Awards.
American Beauty is the won of Chicago Film Critics Association.
American Beauty is the won of Broadcast Film Critics Association.
American Beauty recognizes New York Film Critics Circle.
American Beauty recognizes National Society Of Film Critics.
American Beauty recognizes Los Angeles Film Critics Association.
American Beauty participates Santa Barbara International Film Festival.
Dreamworks advertises Variety.
American Beauty competes Miramax.
American Beauty ranks Empire.
American Beauty ranks Writers Guild Of America.
American Beauty nominates Afi.
Dreamworks recognizes Publicists Guild Of America.