Jacqueline Fernandez is the nationality of Sri Lankan.
Jacqueline Fernandez is the winner of Miss Universe Sri Lanka.
Miss Universe Sri Lanka represents 2006 Miss Universe Sri Lanka Pageant.
Jacqueline Fernandez graduates University Of Sydney.
University Of Sydney is the degree in of Mass Communication.
Jacqueline Fernandez auditions Sujoy Ghosh.
Sujoy Ghosh directs Aladin.
Jacqueline Fernandez acts Mohit Suri.
Mohit Suri directs Murder 2.
Jacqueline Fernandez acts Housefull 2.
Jacqueline Fernandez acts Housefull 3.
Jacqueline Fernandez acts Race 2.
Housefull 2 is the sequel of of Housefull 3.
Housefull 2 acts Race 2.
Jacqueline Fernandez nominates Iifa Award For Best Supporting Actress.
Jacqueline Fernandez acts Sajid Nadiadwala.
Sajid Nadiadwala directs Kick.
Jacqueline Fernandez is the recipient of of Iifa Award For Star Debut Of The Year – Female.
Jacqueline Fernandez is the popular in of India.
Jacqueline Fernandez participates Stage Shows.
Jacqueline Fernandez is the active in of Humanitarian Work.
Jacqueline Fernandez bears Bahrain.
Jacqueline Fernandez is the belongs to of Multi-Ethnic Family.
Jacqueline Fernandez is the father is of Elroy.
Jacqueline Fernandez is the mother is of Kim.
Kim is the of descent from of Malaysian.
Kim is the of descent from of Canadian.
Kim is the of descent from of Goa.
Elroy is the profession is of Musician.
Jacqueline Fernandez dates Bahraini Prince Hassan Bin Rashid Al Khalifa.
Jacqueline Fernandez dates Sajid Khan.
Jacqueline Fernandez supports People For The Ethical Treatment Of Animals (Peta).
People For The Ethical Treatment Of Animals (Peta) is the sent letter to of Mumbai Municipal Commissioner.
Jacqueline Fernandez advocates Philippines.
Jacqueline Fernandez asks William John T Perera.
Jacqueline Fernandez raises Pratham Ngo.
Jacqueline Fernandez is the recipient of of Woman Of The Year.
Woman Of The Year awards Peta (India).
Jacqueline Fernandez raises South Indian Floods.
Jacqueline Fernandez performs Temptations Reloaded.
Temptations Reloaded performs Auckland.
Temptations Reloaded performs Perth.
Temptations Reloaded performs Sydney.
Jacqueline Fernandez performs Shah Rukh Khan.
Jacqueline Fernandez performs Rani Mukerji.
Jacqueline Fernandez performs Madhuri Dixit.
Jacqueline Fernandez performs Got Talent World Stage Live.
Got Talent World Stage Live performs Karan Malhotra.
Got Talent World Stage Live performs Priyanka Chopra.
Got Talent World Stage Live performs Varun Dhawan.
Jacqueline Fernandez acts Karan Malhotra.
Karan Malhotra directs Brothers.
Jacqueline Fernandez is the co-starred with of Akshay Kumar.
Jacqueline Fernandez is the co-starred with of Sidharth Malhotra.
Jacqueline Fernandez is the portrayed of Jenny.
Brothers is the character in of Jenny.
Jacqueline Fernandez supports Charitable Organisations.
Jacqueline Fernandez endorses Htc One.
Jacqueline Fernandez is the ambassador for of Indian Bridal Fashion Week.
Jacqueline Fernandez is the spokesperson for of Gareth Pugh.
Gareth Pugh designs Forevermark Diamonds.
Jacqueline Fernandez inaugurates Forever 21.
Jacqueline Fernandez launchs Gillette Shaving System.
Gillette Shaving System launchs Arbaaz Khan.
Gillette Shaving System launchs Aditya Roy Kapur.
Jacqueline Fernandez features Eastern Eye.
Jacqueline Fernandez features The Times Of India.
Jacqueline Fernandez is the cover model for of Vogue.
Jacqueline Fernandez is the cover model for of Fhm.
Jacqueline Fernandez is the cover model for of Maxim.