He noted that the industry had called it 'sealed' and that the technology had been developed in such a way that it could offer reliable information, at high rates of output. For this reason, many efforts have been made to improve the scalability of the algorithms for the modulation of the signal and the propagation of the information. In the past, wireless communication systems had had to face the problem of delivering reliable information with high rates of output. In particular, the so-called scalability of the transmission system has come into play recently. It was in the era of the so-called software defined radio, sdr, that flexible systems were required, to allow for a wide range of different modulations. In addition, many works were in the process of studying the parallelization of the decoder architecture to attain higher rates of output. To this end, the network-on-a-chip (noc) method was employed to interconnect processing elements of turbo transmitters designed to support multiple modulations. In addition, many works stressed the prevention, or minimization, of collisions that occur when parallel architectures are used (e.g. On top of that, in Section 1: System analysis, we examine the requirements and characteristics of a parallel turbo decoder architecture, whereas in Section 2: noc, we introduce noc-based turbo decoder architecture. in Section 2: noc-based turbo decoder architecture, we introduce generalized de-bruijn and generalized kautz as promising solutions for noc-based turbo decoder architectures. . . . This paper aims to fill that gap, and provides two new contributions in the area of flexible turbo decoders: i) a comprehensive study of noc-based turbo decoders, conducted by means of a dedicated noc-simulation; iii) a list of results, showing the complexity / performance trade-offs of different topologies, routing algorithms, nodes and asip architectures. In section . . . system analysis . . . the requirements and characteristics of a parallel turbo decoder architecture are analyzed, while in . . . . . butterfly and benes, and in . . . binary de-bruijn. in . . . . turbo noc analysis. . . . The minimum time to complete the decoding is directly proportioned to the number of clock cycles needed to complete a half iteration. In this way, the time required for decoding is directly proportioned to the number of clock cycles needed to complete a half iteration. if we assume the form @ xmath25, which is represented by @ xcite, @ xcite, if we assume the form @ xmath25 in [[Eq]][ ][23][24], as a function of @ xmath2 and ___3 derived from the permutation law (@ xmath3 or interleaver) employed at the encoder side. Therefore, the amount of time required to decode the transmitted bit is (@ xmath25], where @ xmath25 - the number of iterations, @ xmath19 for binary codes, and @ xmath20 for double bit . The minimum @ xmath0 ( @ xmath24) needed to achieve the desired @ xmath22 with @ xmath23 iterations can be estimated from [ eq: tapproxy] in some literature. . . . , which is probably the largest of all the asip models in the literature. . . . In most cases the asip-ft algorithm is the best solution both in terms of throughput and area when xmath31 is attained; whereas a ssp-based approach is generally the best approach when xmath35 is attained. As a result of this, several conditions can even further increase xmath0, which are: ) the interconnective structures with larger xmath15 values, ; , ; , ; , ; ; ; , ; ; , ; ; ; ; ; , ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ,   ;  ;  ,  ,  , ,  ;  ;  , ,  ,   ; ,  ,  ,  , ,   , , ,  , . ” [, , , , , ,  ] the area and the percentage are not really zero, but they are negligible in comparison with the i m and lm contribution to the total area. As you can see, generalized kautz topologies with xmath41 and asp ft are always the best solutions to achieve high throughput at a minimum overhead. , e.g., p. - ft , p. - generalized kautz with xmath41 (k4) are always the best solutions to achieve high throughput with minimum overhead. Fig. - The significant results extracted from the table - wimax results - and - node - (c) and d - for the circular shifting interleaver , fig. Fig. - tar-tot - a) and b) for the wimax interleaver , xmath36 and fig. - c) and d for the circular shifting interleaver, xmath37 . (fig. - tar-tot ) The results shown in fig. - tar-tot - a) and b) for the wimax interleaver , xmath36 and fig. , c) and d) for the circular shifting interleaver , xmath37 . At present, an extended framework for the design of network-on-chip-based turbo-decoders has been developed. It has been implemented to investigate various circuits, degrees of parallelism, message-sending rates and routing algorithms. The results of the experiments show that generalized de-bruijn and generalized kautz achieve high throughput with a low overhead . . . besides, different parallelism levels, message-sending rates and routing algorithms can be employed to minimize the network area overhead . . . a . giulietti, l. v. derperre, and m. strum, parallel turbo decoding interleavers: avoiding collisions in accesses to storage elements, '' in 'ieeee international symposium on circuits and systems', 2004 pp. 10991103. c. neeb, m. j. thul, and n. wehn, ' Parallel turbo decoding on chip centric architecture,'' in 'Ieeeee International Symposium on Circuits and Systems', 2005, pp. 10991102 . . . o. muller, a. baghdadi, and m. jezequel, Simulation of parallel processing at intervals of convolutional turbo decoding,’ in _IEE international conference on information and communication technology: from theory to application_, 2006 , pp. 1330-1335.