There are several complementary methods for analysing the effect of shape memory. - The shape memory alloys (sma) have attracted great attention for their important technical applications, like mechanical actuators and medical stents. In many systems, such as those discussed in this manuscript, alloying has dramatically changed the properties and transition temperatures of the materials, a fact which, owing to the importance of electronic features, especially fermi-stellar effects, play in the structural dynamics of sma. in atomistic models the individual atoms are clearly identified and the interaction given by an interatomic potential which is measured empirically from dft and dft, or by a combination of the two. the structural properties of the materials are also regulated accordingly. This reversible, martensitic phase transformation, which was shown to be reversible by the force of applied fields, temperature or both, and the mechanical properties of the materials are therefore regulated accordingly. In this way, first-principles investigations of the energetic instability of the high-temperature structure towards the low-temperature structure are made possible by dft, but it is useful in two respects: for example, to obtain quantitative measurements of the energies, the forces and the stresses of the atoms independent of the empirical input, and for analyzing the electronic origin of this behaviour. In atomistic models, individual atoms are taken into account, and their interaction is effected by an interatomic potential, which can be empirically calculated from dft or by means of an interatomic potential, which may be determined empirically by first principles dft calculations or from a combination of the two. crystal symmetry and defect energies emerge from this approach, which . . . In pdti and ptti, closely related to niti, pdti and ptti are materials that are sturdily structurally simple and have exceptional mechanical properties. A similar method is used in pdti and ptti, in pdti and ptti, and in niti, pdti and ptti are metals that have reasonable structural simplicity and extraordinary mechanical behavior. This is achieved by first principles calculations of phonon frequencies and total energies, and by applying density functional theory. This approach has been used in the study of minerals and ferroelectric materials , and was applied to the incandescent materials in our previous study of niti and niti. This approach has been successfully applied to pdti and ptti. In this paper, we are investigating the behavior of pdti and ptti from first principles calculations of phonon frequency and total energy. The high-temperature   austenitic phase has a simple cubic   0 structure 2 (space group 2 ) and the low-temperature   martensitic   structure 0 (space group 4 ) , while the ambient temperature   martensitic  structure 0 is referred to as orthorhombic   0 structure      5 2m 52 structure  5 and 41 vanderbilt ultrasoft pseudopotentials for xcite. The calculations were performed with a @xmath6 monkhorst pack (mp) @xmath7point mesh for the cubic @xmath2 structure, and a @xmath8mp @xmath7point mesh for the orthorhombic @xmath0 and the monoclinic @xmath1 structure (space group: @xmath9). This is equal to 120 @ xmath10 points in the irreducible bz of the simple cubic cell, 288 @ xmath10 points in the irreducible bz of the orthorhombic cell, and 576 @ xmath10 points in the irreducible bz of the monoclinic cell. , it is the bz integrated by the hermite-gaussian smearing technique @ xcite, with the smearing parameter of 0 . 1 ev. in a linear-case-by-case basis, the kinetic energy was derived to be in one unit, and the kinetic energy was 278 ev. - the electronic waves were represented in a plane-wave basis, with a kinetic energy cutoff of 278 ev. - vanderbilt ultrasoft pseudopotentials. I had no choice but to choose two first principles. Vasp has a highly efficient method of calculating total energies, forces and stresses and reverting to the minimum energy structure, but it does not have the density functional perturbation theory capabilities of pwscf / phonon. Moreover, this method of calculating the ratio of phonon to the average energy is more efficient than the well-known methods of pwscf / phonon. In vasp, the relative energies, the pressures, the stresses, the properties of which are somewhat different, are not as compared with each other, but are incomparably compatible. Furthermore, the difference between the assumed lat and the calculated g, was also 5 @ x-mass.2 in a converging window for an augmentation charge of c12000 ev. the values of the smearing parameter were: X-mass = 0 . X-mass – bz-integration was performed by the hermite gaussian smearing technique, which employed a 56-k-point mesh (corresponding to the regular divisions along the x-mass, x-mass and x-mass axes) in the x-mass irreducible wedge. The total phonon dispersion relationship was obtained by comparing the phonon frequencies from phonon frequencies with the corresponding box @ x-mass. These parameters yield phonon frequencies, which were converged within 5 @ x-mass. The differences between the computed lat and the computed tw-square were approximating @ x The results are in excellent agreement with those of the same science, which corresponds to the equations of 3 . 113 , 3 . 127, pdti, and in good agreement with the experimental values of 3 . . ., 3 . . 17, 3 . . , pdti, ptti, in the structure of lda, as measured by the molecular dynamics, or by the energy difference between two quantum levels (as measured by the neutron scattering experiments), the phonons are renormalized by these three amounts. So the structure is dynamically unstable against the distortions following the corresponding eigenvector. The phonon dispersion relations for pdti (upper) and pti (lower) in the structure of lda, which are calculated at the equilibrium parameters of lda, 3 . 112 and 3 . 125, respectively. The imaginary values of the unstable modes are plotted as negative values. Here are some examples of the disorder of phonon dispersion relations that are shown in Figure 1—phonons. Figure 1—phonons—shows an instability of the structure of pdti and ptti at xmath24, with predominant instabilities at xmath24 and along xmath24 - xmath26 . the interstices of phonons in the dispersion of pdti and ptti are dynamically stabilized by anharmonic phonons and must be characterized by large local distortions. The phonons in a form of bcc are also reminiscent of the structure of the unstable materials such as zr and ti, which undergo martensitic transformations to hcp or @ xmath21 - @ xmath26 bcc equivalents respectively. In fact, this eigenmode of the force constants is, in general, a little different, but the same symmetry labels are applied to the eigenmodes of the dynamical matrix, which we describe below. The soft mode approach is to search for local energy minima by choosing an unstable mode of the high-symmetry structure, freezing it in a distortion of varying intensities, and adjusting its properties. the calculated dispersion relationships of phonons are also similar to and even stronger than niti-like phonons , they show a deformation of the @xmath2 structure, which is very similar to and even stronger than the one of niti-like phonons . . . the found dispersions are of a if a beam were arranged in the low arc of the angle, the beam would be unclumsy and cause strains at all q-splinters. The way of forming the beam was modeled, as shown in Figure 11, and the beam was shaped in the arc of the arc in the direction of xmath. the resulting beam was of three points, a monoclinic angle, and two internal parameters, xmath34 and xmath35. Fig. 11 shows the eigenmode of the doubly degenerate phonon in the beam of xmath2 . . . in the light-weighted version, there was no assurance that the energy that might be generated in a threatening direction from a threatening angle to an ideal@xmath32, or at least, to a threatening one, would stablize the other threatening modes of the high-symmetry structure. The most common mode in the beam of xmath2 is that of @xmath31, a lowering of the symmetry to monoclinic @xmath32 . . . The simplest form of this ring in the beam of xmath2 is called @xmath31, which lowers the symmetry to monoclinic @xmath32, and the two parameters for internal formation of @xmath34 and @xmath35 are given below. This assumption may explain why, in a previous experiment, the minimum form of the hysteretical transition (expounded to about 800k and 1400k) was made. The obtained energy from the number of the average transitions is approximately 22 k pdt and 22 k pt, and accordingly is in line with the experimental results. The relative energies of the relaxed forms are given in table [Table : struct] . For this form of the transition from the hysteretical transition (about 800k and 1400k respectively) have not yet been tested experimentally. The structure of the simplest figure, “Assembled” in the figure of the ratio between the two, is given as the figure of the transition, which is only at a temperature 10k and a temperature of 30k. This may be why, in the first calculation, 560, 560, 560, 560 had been reported as the minimum structure. The differences between  and  are remarkably larger than the experimental results for the hysteretical transition of xcite (it is estimated at about 800k and 1400k) and the quality is correct. 10 The side of the conventional cell (bco) is increased by a simple (+1) strain, and the energy is lower than 0, but in the #b+ direction the atoms are doubled, although the primitive cell contains four atoms. The structure of @xmath2 and @xmath0 is determined by the function of the atoms in the minimum energy configuration that corresponds to the symmetry and strain in the cell. In keeping with the time-scale separation between bulk strain and atomic motion, we introduce intermediate arrangements, and constrain atoms to their minimum energy configuration consistent with the symmetry and strain in the cell. The remaining four strain degrees are reduced to a single parameter by interpolating the strains of the end-point structures. We have also calculated the structure of @xmath2 and @xmath0 of bcc. from figure ti, it is clear that there is no total energy barrier along the @xmath2 - @xmath0 - @xmath1 transition, and that @xmath0 represents the total energy barrier between the mated martensitic variants. With the analogy of nw with the nw mechanism of bcc - hcp, we can attribute the transition to a shuffling of (110) @ xmath30 planes @ xcite . the free - electron like @xmath44 are very well offset by 6ev . In this respect we assume that the pdti and ptti structures will be created @xmath1 and a dynamically stabilized structure will be realized. We have found that the structure of the @xmath1 structure can be obtained by freezing phonons of the @xmath2 structure, coupled to the shear of the elastic constant  xmath48, but that no one dynamical matrix or force constant matrix eigenvector leads to the low-symmetry phase. It is not complete in the structure, but the strain to xmath1 leads to the displacement of the whole @xmath2 branch . . . we thank r. d. james, i. i . naumov, and k. bhattacharya for a helpful discussion. in each case, we predict that the low-temperature ground state structure will be @xmath1; and that the (observed) @xmath2 and xmath0 phases will be dynamically stabilized. we showed that the @xmath1 structure is obtained by a 'boasting' of phonons of the @xmath2 structure, a shear of the elastic constant, but that no dynamical matrix or force-constant matrix eigenvector leads to the low-symmetry phase. The flapw calculations were made by a 120 - K - point mesh in the xmath11 irreducible wedge. The muffin-tin radii for pd and pt were chosen to be 1 . 343 and 1 . 278, very close together. . . . a tetrahedron method was used for the brillouin zone-enclosed matrices.