In the present paper we describe the observations of active star-forming regions, the Carina Nebula and the sharpless 171 (s171) region with the long-wavelength spectrometer (lws; * ? ? *) on board the iso, and the discovery of far-infrared features of 65 m and 100 m in the diffuse spectra. The observations of the iso, too, have revealed many new features of dust in the diffuse spectra, which indicate the presence of new dust components in the interstellar medium . In the present paper, we report the observations of active star-forming regions, the carina nebula and the sharpless 171 (s171) region, and of the far-infrared spectra of 43197 m. and of 100 m. in the diffuse spectra. The central and the vast part of the carina nebula was examined with the lws full grating spectra, and the far-infrared spectra for 43197 m were found. In addition, the observations by lws (slrs) revealed crystalline silicates around young, evolved stars, and it is not yet known whether crystalline silicates are commonly found in the interstellar medium. The two found features are discussed and it is possible that carbon li n-rays of curved graphitic shells are the carriers of the broad interstellar 100 m feature . - the calculated beam size and the correction factors were taken from the latest lws handbook - the corrected beam size and the correction factors are taken from the latest lws handbook - xcite. and even the unstitched spectra of s174 are noticeable in s174, especially in s174. there are also a few space-bound features at a very small wavelength of 65   m , a feature which was not even noticed in the unstitched spectra, particularly in s174. The average size of the spectra of the two channels is small (at xmath2 5 %) except for the three longest channels (at xmath3  xmath0 m) where a scale of 1020 % is necessary to correct the gaps . , and, as is indicated in  , the slope of the continuum gets flatter around the edge of the sw4 and sw5 channels, indicating a starting point at about 80  xmath0 m . . . the symmetrical shapes in the spectrum of the carina nebula are still noticeable in  . in the unstitched spectrum of s171 a very narrow band-marker centered at 100   m is also noticed in  . . . in the unstitched spectrum of the carina nebula , it is slightly disturbed by the higher levels of the adjacent channels spectra (sw2 and sw4) relative to the level of the sw3 channel, but it is still noticeable in the individual spectrum of You will see this characteristic, which is discussed in the following section, in the section - General. The average temperature is much higher than in the figure, and this feature is weakly visible on the steep continuum. The differences between the two characteristics are shown in the next section. For example, in the line - Fig. - Fig. - Fig. - Fig. - shows the spectral spectrum of the neop archival data centre (cf. ? ) , for example, a spectrum of the cryogenic spectrum of diopside, camopsio, camgsio (Casio - Mio) , for example, an icey and a permeable band at 63 xmath0 m - xcite . . . as the features are seen in a broad area of the interstellar medium, a band - carriers of crystalline ice (Casio) . , . . , Mio - Mio: a critical mass for the emission of the spectrum -  xcite . . . and the intensity is very low on the steep horizon - . There is a possibility of detection in the interstellar medium of diopside by the short wavelength spectrometer (sws; *) and the spectra of 2 . 345 m are obtained. However, the spectral range is dominated by a strong continuum and does not show any solid bands, except for the broad 22 . . . m spectral feature. The diopside also has strong spectral features in 3040 . . . if the identification of the interstellar 65 . . . with diopside is correct, it is the first detection of a crystalline silicate in the dense interstellar medium. Such a rapid destruction of dust by interstellar shocks indicates that in the diffuse interstellar medium a large quantity of interstellar dust must be formed. Considering the measured absorption coefficient of diopside at xcite and the measured absorption coefficient of xcite at xcite, it is generally estimated that 510 % of solar abundance calcium in diopside grains is sufficient to account for the observed absorption of xcite at xcite. But large noises in the spectral range prevent the precise detection of this absorption, and further investigations are necessary to confirm it. Moreover, diopside has strong features at 3040 m . . . The carina nebula was observed by the spectrometer sws . . . The rayleigh-jeans rule-out at XMM is based on a rayleigh-jeans basis. the freqdia of the lws beam affects the global shape of the spectrum . This discrepancy can not be reconciled by increasing the freqdia by introducing a second component of a low temperature to the model. the third component is far from removing the freqdia from the temperature scale. in addition, we try to fit the observed spectra in these ranges as closely as possible with the model continuum. For the model of freqdia, whose coefficients are @xmath10, are a constant, are at the base. We observed that the single-temperature model was not able to satisfactorily simulate the temperature scales at all, especially the model always gives more than the observed spectra, especially the model of freqdia of 5560 at xmath0m , but the model of freqdia, which has the spectral dependence of xmath10, is of a rayleigh-jeans nature. We first adopted the dust model with the law of emissivity (at xmath10, where xmath10 is a constant) for the emissivity of the continuum. The discrepancy of the fit at the longest wavelengths arises from the fact that the observed spectrum has gradually varying law of emissivity. It also appears that the light density of the lws beam influences the global shape of the spectrum. The result of the silicate-graphite model is shown in the following figure. We assume different single temperatures for each of the astronomical silicate and graphite grains, and search for the best fit temperatures. The observed regions may contain various temperature components of different dust grains, and thus the results are a simple approximation of the underlying continuum. The graphs of ngc6302 show a very clear slope change around 105 xmath0 m, which indicates the longer wavelength of the feature. the dashed lines show those for the case b baseline, which clearly have higher fluxes at the longest wavelengths ( @xmath13 @xmath0 m) than the graphs of ngc6302 . The range of ngc6302 shows a clearly sharp slope of around 105 xmath0 m, which indicates the longer wavelength of the feature. In the other hand, the graphite-like structure of ngc6302 is seen in a region of 90 xmath0 m . comparison with fig. 2 shows that the 90 xmath0 m feature in ngc6302 is narrower than the interstellar 100 xmath0 m feature. Moreover, the spectrum of ngc6302 shows the slightest inclination in the case of X-rays of high density (about  100  x-rays of high density), which indicates that the feature has an upper end than that of x-rays. In addition, we have taken the interstellar 100  xmath0 100m as the average length of the reference spectrum . Hence, in a graphite sphere, the efficiency in the direction parallel to the c-axis is much larger than in the direction perpendicular to the c-axis in the far-infrared region. , it has an interband transition of around 80 % @ xmath0 m in the direction perpendicular to the c-axis . Thus, the optical properties in both directions are mutually connected, and the interband transition is visible in the emission efficiency of graphite spheres. The estimation of the efficiency of graphite spheres is so-called Approximation - the number of efficiencies perpendicular to the c-axis is averaged by the weight of and . . . in the graphite sphere, the emission efficiency in the parallel and parallel directions is much larger than that in the intermediate wavelengths . In the following we will look at whether carbon onion spheres consisting of concentric curved graphite spheres , whose radius is much smaller than the wavelengths . so the interband transition that was mentioned above was not visible in the averaged efficiency . in the graphite sphere, the efficiency in the direction parallel to the c-axis is much larger than that in the direction perpendicular to the c-axis in the infrared region . in the carbon onion sphere, the sphere is shaped and almost closed shells. The above figure is a comparison of the observed features with those of carbon onions. In order to make the comparison easy, the observed spectra are divided by the assumed continuum, and the efficiency of the carbon onions is divided by @xmath20 . the exact position and profile of the feature are determined by the assumed dielectric constants. The different electronic structures of carbon onions have been suggested not to differ significantly from those of graphite , there is also a possibility that the contribution of free electrons, which dominates the far-infrared regions, may be different. In fact, the electron spin resonance and the electron energy loss spectroscopy of the carbon onion have been proved to be mostly localized in small domains @xcite . the localization of the electron will decrease the contribution of free electrons, thereby reducing the surface mode to wavelengths longer than 100     m . the exact position and the profile of this feature depend on the adopted dielectric constants . as we see, the far-infrared feature of the carbon onion is clearly visible in the diffuse , but in the averaged 2 . the differences between the observed and the observed features, taking account of the uncertain shape of the underlying continuum and the optical properties of the onions (see below) , the similarity of the band feature indicates that carbon onions are a possible carrier of the interstellar 100   m feature . the localization of the electrons lowered the contribution of free electrons, shifting the surface mode to wavelengths longer than 100  m . they are considered a candidate for the interstellar 200 nm hump. - if this is the case, it is not surprising that the features of carbon onions also occur in the infrared. In the present paper we are simply proposing the possibility that the interstellar 200 nm hump could be identified in the emissivity spectrum of curved graphite sheets, and the broad feature of the interstellar 200 nm hump may be accounted for by the hump of carbon onions. carbon onions have recently attracted the attention of astronomy as a new material of carbon, after the discovery of fullerens and their family. Carbon onions are another carbon material that might be derived from the interstellar medium (e.g., it is proposed that the interstellar 200 nm hump has been proposed as a candidate for the interstellar 20 nm hump. In this paper we only propose that the hump of graphite in the hump of the interstellar was to appear in the emissivity spectrum of particle-shaped graphite sheets, and that the broad interstellar feature, approximately 100 nm, was to be found in carbon onions. In the present paper we report that a far-infrared characteristic at 65 nm and 100 nm in the diffuse hump was detected, and that the 45 nm band was attributed to the crystallized silicate diopside, which possesses the characteristic crystalline silicate features in the luminous hump. Manifold etiquette—Cohen, M., Barlow, M. J., Sylvester, R. J., liu, x. w., cox, p., lim , t., schmitt, b., speck, a. k. 2000, 533, l33 de Graauw, T., et al., 1996, 315, l49 demyk, k., jones, a. p., dartois, e., cox, p., dhendecourt, l. . 1999, 513, l135 de graauw, t., et al., 1996, 315, l49 demyk, k., demyk, k., jones, a. p., dartois, e., cox, p., lim , t., schmitt, b., speck, a. k., et al., 2001, 53, 243 clegg, p., et al., 1996, 315, l38 chihara, h., koike, c., tsuchiyama, a. 2000, 533, l38 chihara, h., koike, c., tsuchiyama, a. Henning, th., lemke, d., haikala, l. k., laureijs, r. j., lehtinen, r. j., leger, a., leger, k., leinert, c., & mezger, p. g. 1996, 363, 1115 kessler, m. f., et al. 2002, 382, 610 molinari, s., ceccarelli, c., white, g. j., saraceno, p., nisini, b., giannini, t., & caux, e . . . 478?women 527 savage , b. d., 377  - ohta,  , ohta,  , hayashi,  - - 79 - 30 - 310 - 210 - 260 - 214 -4002 - jan. 638, 258 - 240 - 199 - 201 - 359 - 369 - 185 - - 339 - 264 - 359 - 359 - 410 - 240 - hamabe - r - r - , m . , ohta, he, h. - nakada, y. - 1988339310101111211536 1735249 - 59 - kui , f . ; et al. , 430 - 263  xiang - j, 361 - m . - et al.