The big isovector dipole resonance and the giant isoscalar quadrupole resonance are the most studied phenomena of this class. The nuclei, in interaction with external forces, display a wide variety of collective vibrations known as giant resonances, involving various degrees of freedom and multipolarity. We have studied the problem of collective pairing modes in two-particle-transfer reactions with the purpose of showing the advantages of using an unstable beam as a new tool for excitation of such modes. Nevertheless, the recent efforts to resolve a large part of the high-lineale spectrum in p- - t reactions are still a long way off from confirming it . . . After this the three-dimensional form factors of neutrons have been calculated for a dwba model in the macroscopic model of xcite, and are thus used in dwba computer codes. the proposed concentration of a character at xmath5 in the high-energy xmath5 energy is quite well established, both from the theoretical and experimental point of view, for the measurement of low-level insertions of the particle and the insertions of the particle in open shells. These calculations are used for the calculation of cross-sections of the order of a thousand-millibarn section, and control over the mismatched transition to the ground. we have performed the particle-particle rpa calculation on lead and bcs + rpa calculation on tin, as paradigmatic examples of normal and superfluid systems, examining the response to the pairing operator. The combination phonon, however, can be expressed as a superposition of two p (or two h) states in the next major shell, above the fermi level. We have depicted this in fig. . . in normal nuclei the hamiltonian of monopole strength reads: @xmath8 where @xmath9 annihilates a pair of particles with an angular momentum of xmath12. and the backward amplitude of the pair, that is, @xmath12 . . . without mentioning the technicalities of the solution of the pp-rpa equations (that have already been mentioned in the above-mentioned work by the author) we merely say that the pairing of phonons may be expressed as a superposition of 2p (or 2h) states with proper amplitudes (at xmath11 and at xmath12). For normal nuclei the hamiltonian and monopole force interaction reads: Xmath8 where xmath8 annihilates a pair of particles bonded to xmath10 total momentum. “Bounding-hardness is a sure sign of structural existence.” (See the following figure for the connection between the pairing-hardness parameters for the states of Xmath1sn . . . ) and the same order of the attachment coefficients of the two particles . . . the (reverse) and the (reverse)-hardnesses. In the same figure the matching-hardness of the states of Xmath1sn is given by: “xmath1sn” . . . . This quantity is plotted in the first column of Fig. . . . The pair-hardness of the excitation of two particles is given, for each state of xmath13, by: “xmath15” . . . “This number is expressed in the form of a rectangle ( fig. 1). We study two isotopes of calcium with closed shells. We show also the results of the formulas for the ionosity of the pair of electrons. It is an important factor in this change that is, indeed, due to the different shell structure of the two nuclei, and to the special method we adopted to obtain the absolute particle level. The difference between the two isotopes is an important factor. The coordination of the removal modes of the ca isotopes and the difficulty in finding the collective state of the addition modes is .4 It is here that we report a few other results which we think are quite similar. In the work of Broglia and Bes we estimate the energy of the pairing resonance at xmath22 mev. We have chosen a simple axiom that gives a lorentzian distribution, with a width that grows quadratically with the energy of the light, @ xmath24, and @ xmath25 scaled to give a width of 4 mev for the gpv. The position of the gpv in our calculation is like that of the broglia and bes estimation. We will see this simple formulation in the last table. We will look at the results of this simple formulae, since there are other collective states, of different nature, that are lying in the same energy, in a different energy. And so we were brought to this simple formulation, because other collective states, of different nature, were lying in the same energy. This simple formulae has been employed to calculate the cross sections for the high-energy states, and we shall use the numbers in the last table for the order of magnitude estimates. the final results for the four reactions are presented in figure (fig. 4) where the areas corresponding to the cross-sections have been coloured, to give a feeling of the relative magnitudes of the transition to the ground and to the gpv s. It is worth mentioning that in pb there is a significant advantage in using unstable beams, while in sn there is much less of it. The ph -om is a large gain in the use of unstable beams, while in sn it is much less so. It is also worth mentioning that in pb the transition to the ground is very limited, whereas in sn there is very little . . . . It is necessary to see the importance of unstable helium, when comparing the difference between the resonance of the right a) and b) panels with the peak at zero energy: the transition to the ground is extremely hindered in the first panel. - c. h. dasso and a vitturi (editors) - Collective aspects in pair-transfer phenomena - ( Editrice compositori bologna, 1987) - d. a . broglia and d. r. bes - plb691291977 - w . von oertzen and a vitturi (reporters) - r . h. eta and d. r. bes - plb691291977 - m. w . herzog, r . liotta and l . j . sibanda, phys . . . ‘9’ , ‘1849’ , ‘71’ . . . c. h. dasso and g. pollarolo, plb. 1552231985 . . . c. h. dasso and a. vitturi , prl 596341987 . . .