Why  it is accepted that most stars are formed in groups or clusters, although the details of the formation process, especially their structural properties, are still under active investigation. For example, the (503) of the journal (204) has been investigated in recent years, i) the mass separation in the clusters, with the largest stars lying closer to the cluster center, ii) the distribution of protostellar divisions that has no characteristic size, iii) the age gradient in the clusters, with the youngest stars being located in the highest density regions ; iiii) the apparent deficit of ob-stars in some dark clouds. In particular, in recent years, a number of structural properties of clusters have been uncovered that still need to be studied, such as: i) the presence of mass segregation in clusters, with the largest stars located at the center of the cluster, instead of Standards sinking there from dynamical interactions in the cluster, ii) the distribution of protostellar separations, which seems to have no characteristic scale, iii) the possibility of an age gradient in clusters, with the youngest stars located in the highest density regions, iv) the apparent inequalities of ob-stars in some dark clouds . That is, the density fluctuations are of turbulent origin, and therefore nonlinear. In this respect, the process is similar to the 'global 'global-equilibrium' (Hgc) in that the cloud is not _globally surrounded by turbulence,_ and the turbulence fluctuations do not collapse directly, but only plant the seeds of further, local, scattered collapses as the cloud contracts globally - Hgc. In what follows, we will refer to this intermediate collapse between hgc and a gravo-turbulence, as the "global-equilibrium" (Hgc) in the context of Hgc, showing the formation of clumps of filaments with embedded clumps . The filaments form river-like structures, and material flows from the extended cloud environment to the dense cores where the star formation takes place , the clumps, the gases flowing through them, the craters, the streams, the streamers, the clumsy cores. It is also expected that the star formation rate (sfr) of mcs evolves over time (initially increasing), because the increase of the mean density of the clouds (Geolona), caused by the increase of the average density of the clouds as they undergo global gravitational collapse (Geolona), and that the sfr of the clouds increases in size and time, because the increase of the mean density of the clouds as they pass through global gravitational collapse (Geolona), as they emerge from their thick cores and join a mixture of stars and gas. in this simulation, the filaments of the sslas The numerical models of cluster formation can be found in the sections of the paper ii with the structure of the hydrodynamical model. In the first part of this part, we will consider the cluster and its structures, as well as the structure of the clusters. The physical processes are self-gravity, dynamic heating and cooling, variable irradiation (st. [st.]), simple radiative transfer for massive star ionization (st. [st.]), and simplified radiative transfer for the ionizing radiation (st.] . . . magnetic fields are ignored . . . In this part of the work, we will discuss the assembly and the early evolution of clusters by the ghc. There are many studies on cluster formation, that concern the number of their mass, the correlation of their spatial distribution and the cluster boundedness, and the formation of binaries, the effect of feedback on the production of large stars and on the destruction of their parent clusters; the energy balance and rotation of the cluster as a function of the initial turbulence in the parent cloud. in sec. . . results . . . discuss the implications of our results and compare them with existing observations, and in sec. . . conclusions . . . summarizes and conclusions. Then we used the cooling (@xmath11) and the cooling (@xmath12) functions as described by the equation (fourth line) of xcite, and which the typographical corrections are given in xcite. Using these calculations, the gas is thermally unstable in the range of xmath14. Hence, in a word, the height of a cell, as per the density of the cell, is determined to be xmath10 . Note that this xmath10 cell refinement criterion does not correspond to the so-called 'jeans' criterion, which is defined by the so-called 'jeans' criterion, which is expressed in the following table, and is thus called 'slimeness' , and so the cell has the same density as ' xmath'. It is this criterion that is derived from the constant cell, whose mass is defined by '-m' . This criterion is, of course, not consistent with the so-called 'jeans criterion', which defines the cell as 'blossom' and which has a minimum size of 0 . 0625 pc or '-m' 13 000 AU . . . In our analysis, therefore, we have sps, not clusters or groups, but individual stars, whose mass is realistically above the predicted mass. In our study, however, we found in the paper i that this prescription allows the sps to form with a power-law mass distribution, whose slope can be tuned by varying the value of @xmath19 at the resolution chosen in our analysis, so that at the highest resolution the minimum possible mass is of @xmath24. Note that the proposed imf is a strict power-law mass, and that thus the minimum possible mass is of the minimum. The smallest possible mass, for example, is @xmath24. Moreover, the sps do not accrete. Besides, our imf is a weak power-law mass, and therefore the minimum possible mass is not accreted. note that the imf is a strict power-law mass, and therefore the minimum mass of the star is also the minimum. . . . in a paper i it was said that by setting the parameter xmath19 at the resolution used in our simulation, the sp power-law mass was reduced to an exponent of xmath20, and thus equal to the classical salpeter. This was tested in the paper i, against the known analytic formula for the evolution of a hi region. The diatribe of a cell is determined by the mass of the star, as per the epoch, so that it resembles the lifetime of the star. In the epoch it is approximately proportional to the geometric mean of the density of the cell containing the sp and of the target cell. at each step we look for the cell which has the epoch smaller than epoch, so that the temperature of that cell is raised to epoch and we turn off the cooling. After we have fitted this function to the measured data of xcite, we calculate the corresponding radius of flux xmath28, xmath28, where xmath30 s, xmath32, is the hydrogen recombination coefficient . because this is only an approximation, we do not expect it to have much effect on our calculations, since the main source of reactive energy at the level of gmcs is the ionization of massive stars xcite. . This in general explains the effect of low mass stars and the inflows of air and turbulence of light. We have thus defined the radius of a group at a given time, using an iterative process. In our case the origin of the stars in the simulations is known, and it is possible to determine the stars in the clusters at a given time and place. However, this information is not available to observations, which first require defining the cluster as a stellar surface density excess, and then delineating its members mainly on a statistical basis, by comparing the number of nearby star counts in a nearby control area of the cluster. Note that the number and composition of the resulting clusters depend on the value of the so-called 'linking parameter', which is a measure of the distance out to which neighbors are searched. Moreover, the structure of the clusters is hierarchical, and there are very large differences, for the clusters are not well defined, contamination by the star field is difficult to make out, and faint stars are difficult to identify. , we calculate the radius of a group at the given time by a iterative process. The radius of a group is measured by measuring the distance from the center of the cluster to the most distant star. In this method, we make the distance of a group, divided by an eye, within which one can easily determine the separation between groups, and the distance is then chosen according to the visual classification. I am telling you, that a new group has been formed from the merger of two former groups when the distance between their centres of mass is smaller than the greater of the two radii , that is, we say, a new group has been formed from the merger of two former groups when the distance between their centres of mass is less than the larger of the two radii , then we say that the former subgroups are abolished. In general, in our simulation, groups are formed at all scales, and in turn groups are created from subgroups, and so on, in a hierarchical and self-similar way. . . . in the figure, fig. symbiosis, shows one snapshot of the simulation at xmath50 pc, in which two hii regions surround the two largest clusters, and still one can still make out the fibrous structures in the cloud, which are composed of the most densely arranged clusters. This data was computed in the region of xmath50 pc containing the star clusters. The star clusters were formed by a merger of two previous groups, when the distance between their centers of mass was not greater than the larger of the two radiuses. This aggregate was composed of a group of neighbouring groups, which usually splintered together (as part of the large scale collapse), and often merge. This is illustrated in Fig. 3 (Fig. 4). The crucial effect of this ghc scenario is that the filaments form part of the massive collapse, which agates gas into the cores, as @xcite has proved by numerical simulation of the formation and collapse of cloud. The authors have discovered a hierarchy of collapses within the filaments, so that _small clumps, which collapse and sometimes form stars, fall upon larger ones, similar to the "belly conveyor belt" suggested by @xcite for the gas distribution in the central zone. This effect is summed up in fig. 1 Fig. 2 Fig. 2  Fig.  Fig. 2 Fig. 2 . . . . a third group is seen to have formed on the far left of the filament, containing only one star, though by now it contains several stars (not shown) . Then, at xmath 64 myr, the filament is seen dispersed to a distance of xmath 64 myr, and at xmath66 myr a large, i.e., of xmath66 myr a larger subset of stars has formed, although the group on the left retains a little of its gas, and a new group has formed in an 'embarrass' that makes up the rest of the filament. From the above description, it is evident that the clusters in this simulation are assembled by a hierarchical process, in which subunits formed at slightly different times and times merge, feeding the central part with both stars and gas. As shown in figure. [fig.] , this section shows the cluster's evolution in its final phase, and in fig. [fig.] Fig. evol[38] reveals that it is assembled in a cluster, in such a way that at xmath67 myr we can observe that the stars are born, at xmath70 myr, and in fig. [37] Fig. , evol[38], which shows the projected positions of the stellar particles on the xmath68 plane at times, at xmath69 myr in the top left, top right, bottom left, and right of the panels . The green and red circles represent the radii of each group at each time, calculated according to sec. , with dashed circles representing the size of the nearest star, and solid circles representing the distance to the second most distant star. Therefore, this new group contains stars born at slightly different times and places. Thus, at this early stage, it is clearly seen that the groups are expanding, and star formation is taking place in them. by xmath72 myr, both groups have the same size, mass and number of stars, and the group has expanded sufficiently that the merger seems inevitable. We have continued to follow the evolution of these and other groups, in a square box around the first group, and by xmath72 myr we find a system of groups with different sizes, masses and sizes (bottom of fig. - evol) . so, this new group contains stars which were born at different times and places. so that at these early stages, it is obvious that the stars that are more massive and younger tend to be near the center of the group. The circles in the figure - evol - are square and circular to indicate the original group membership of the stars in the merged group. , it is seen from this figure that the relative abundance of large stars increases, especially after groups 1 and 2 have merged. Figure [Fig. 2] Sfr Evolution, which is illustrated in the figure [fig. 3]: sfr evolution, the evolution of the sfr in the groups 1 and 2 and in the merged group 1 . . , and the growth of sfr in the combined group 1 and 2 , it is shown in Fig. . Fig. 3: sfr evolution, sfr evolution of the stars in the regions in the formation, the sfr increases at the same time, so that the star formation time increases when the small space of the region forming stars is over, the larger the size of the stars , and so the more sfr in the combined groups 1 and 2 . it is also shown in fig. [fig. ] , viz., fig. - age - mass, which shows the mass of the stars, vs. their age at xmath54 and xmath75 years , this can be seen from this figure that the relative abundance of the vast stars increases over time, especially after groups 1 and 2 are combined. if the enormous stars do not form in a region until the sfr is local enough to sample the imf of large masses, the increase of the sfr means that the huge stars should appear late in the evolution of the formation regions forming. The corresponding velocity dispersion corresponds to the movements of their young stars as they were falling into the center of the giant-scale potential well. This can also be seen in the bottom left panel of fig. - evol - which shows that the stars farther from the center of group 1 - 2 are all represented by circles and squares (i.e., formed prior to the merger) and by green and cyan colors, as for the age of 1 and 4 myr, while the stars clustered in the centre have ages of xmath81 myr, as indicated by their black-colored symbols. The younger stars, the oldest, are arranged in the central part of the cluster . . . , since they have formed in groups 1 and 2 prior to their merger. This quantitatively confirms the observation that the youngest stars appear tightly clustered around the core, or filamentary spheres. Figure [Fig. 1] shows the age of the particles as a function of their distance to the center of mass of cluster 2 at xmath77 pc . . . these older stars are the ones that have formed in groups 1 and 2 before they were merged. . . . on the other hand, we also notice in fig. [Fig. 2] that the inner 0 pc also contains some old stars, and especially the oldest ones (at xmath82 23 pc ) . he added that there was a speedy expansion of sf in the first few mm of the process. The scales of the density at the peak of sf, which in our case is also the minimum mass of the planetary mass (cf. sec. "Status. ") added that another implication of the Ghc is that the sf increases in the first few mm of the process in the building of the star, until feedback begins to destroy the gas supply to it, at which point the sf drops and maybe is totally deformed. Xcite used a semi-analytical model for the evolution of collapsed clouds and their sf. It has been shown that the most abundant stars at this time are those less than 1 myr old; in addition there are also many stars up to nearly 4 myr old. , in which, at Xmath85, the two clumps and their associated clumps are still separate, and the histogram of each group is shown. The figure (fig. ) shows the age histogram of the stars in the first class of the star in Group 1. At this time, the most abundant stars are those less than 1 myr old, and only a few are more than 4 myr old. This means that sf at the first term of evolution of cluster 2 is accelerated. At later times (see fig. ) and xmath89 myr the two clumps and the forming groups merge, and the second class is divided into stars. He pushed the hole for me. But as he did, I am rejoicing in the environment of the gaseous chamber. That is, in the equilateral direction of the passage, the cluster appeared as it were. Its elongated height to the very top of Fig. 11 was at the top of Fig. 11. There was only one star with the designation X-math94 at the bottom of Fig. 11. And the constellation X-math98, at the bottom of Fig. 11, had formed in that group and was joined in the same way, thus remaining attached to the cluster. The major stars of Fig. 11 were depicted with the symbol cyan, which is lying on the green, solid circle at the top of the right side of Fig. 11, and on the orange circle at the bottom of the last row of Fig. 11, and that ominous star. . . . so, they simply passed through the cluster. The reason for this was not quite certain. It may be that the gaseous gases were formed by the merger of Fig. 11 and the newly formed fig. 11.2 Hence, we conclude that, except for the star which passes through '' the cluster, the large stars have formed after the merging of the groups 1 and 2 to form '1 - 2' and have become 'larger' than the smaller ones. The large ones have formed in situ (from '[8] - 10] and formed 'in situ' in the merged fig. 2 . , we see that in a very small value (as reflected in the top right part of the figure), a dozen or so tight groups are formed (as indicated by the different colours) and, in addition, larger values (as indicated by two, bottom left and right) are employed, respectively, of nine and four, respectively, with each group being a very large one. Fig. 1. The hierarchical structure of the cluster resulting from the global, hierarchical contraction of the cloud, is, of course, of nested structure, consisting of structures within structures within structures, reflecting the structure of the parent cloud, which in turn is a consequence of its multi-scale, hierarchical collapse. this is, of course, a completely probabilistic interpretation of the imf, and the results show that the structure of the cluster resulting from the global, hierarchical contraction of the cloud is inherently nested, consisting of structures within structures, within structures, and reflected in the structure of the parent cloud, which in turn is the consequence of its multi-scale, hierarchical collapse. Figure [figure 3] shows the stars in the cluster at the time of the event at Xmath74 myr, first as a whole, and then as a cluster of friends (at Xmath104 and 2; at Xmath104 and 2; at Xmath104 and 2: at Xmath104 and 2: 'bottom left' and 'bottom right'), respectively 9 and 4 are identified, each group correspondingly wider. But the earlier a particle forms, the more massive it will become, because the cell in which it forms is accrete and becomes more massive, without any further refinement, and so it forms with half the mass of the cell. But the last a particle forms, it also forms, in the filaments which feed the huge particle until the filaments are destroyed by feedback. the earliest stars tend to have low masses. but this is not the case, as is shown in Fig. 1, and the probability of having a large particle form is very low, and so the probability of forming a huge star is also very low. So, the low mass stars formed in the low mass falling cloud are shared by the falling cloud and are therefore larger in density than the stars formed in the main large dense mass, which can be of low or high masses. The above considerations lead to the following results: 1. The maximum density is calculated by the best method. Therefore, the lowest density stars, the lowest density, the lowest density, fall in the clouds, in the shortest time, fall and then the highest density, the low density, fall and fall, fall later; the high density, larger density, smaller density, fall later; in this way the low density stars, the smaller density, fall faster and higher, do not mix with the low density and the higher density. Thus, the lower density stars, the lower density, form a low mass , and thus the lower density of the clumps, the lower density of the clumps, the higher density of the particles, and the higher density of the particles. - the highest stars are a minority, since sfr increases with time. - the largest stars are a minority, because sfr increases with time. In the beginning of the cluster formation, the stars are large, but in the end - the sfr decreases again, as the ionising energy of the stars begins to deplete the clump and its filaments. - this is illustrated in the age histogram, Fig. - age histogram. , and in general, we see that these properties are for regions of a few tens and a few myrs, and so it is not addressed to local and instantaneous production of the local clumps, for which our simulation can not distinguish, either in the first place or in the last place, the production of a giant star. However, after the appearance of obcy stars, which can partially or completely destroy the local clump and its filaments, the sfr increases again, and thus, later, the older star, the more abundant the sfr, the younger, more numerous stars are, as also shown in fig. Fig. , age histogram. In our numerical analysis, we are qualitatively in accordance with observations in the areas of formation of young stars in the formation of a large star. In particular, our latest observations have just now reported the existence of a significant age-range for young stars in the formation of a large star. The idea of the hierarchical assembly of the cluster is, according to the ghc model, a very important one, because in this ghc model there are some isolated, intermediate-mass stars that create a relatively large population of ysos, which still do not yet become massive stars, because in the ghc model this only happens after these smaller regions have combined and formed a huge one. The larger density of older objects imaginable by the ghc model was observed by @xcite in the orion a cloud. Furthermore, @xcite concluded that the cloud complex known as the m17 southwestern extension (m17 swex) was lacking very large stars in comparison with the number expected from its estimated sfr. This is illustrated again in fig. [fig.] (Mol. [Mol.]) which shows that the relative abundance of large stars is increasing, especially after the first groups have merged. It is also visible in fig. [Mol.] [Mol.]] and, in this case, the greater abundance of large stars will be observed in this area, especially in the constellation of m18 [ma|] .[M] ( private communication by Mr. Prutkov, private communication; see also Busquet et al. [M] This means that the high number of stars is missing, which is about half of the total number of stars. It is interesting that our model, based on a probabilistic criteria for the formation of stars (cf. sec. sf), reproduces qualitatively several observed properties of the clusters, suggesting that our underlying assumption is sufficiently plausible. Furthermore, our model has some limitations. For instance, the minimum of the stellar mass is known as Xmath106, which is near the peak of the observed star, so we are missing stars on the low mass side. This means that we are missing a large number of low-mass stars, about half of the total number. We, however, intend to improve our model in order to obtain a complete, clear, and precise spectrum of the masses, and to compare our results with observations more precisely and quantitatively. Moreover, the minimal amount of atomic mass, as described in a particular subset of sec. : " atoms" (i.e. atoms) is omitted. In addition, our model does not include magnetic fields, nor does it include any other thermal feedback, except ionization, which, for example, causes the supernova sn (i.e. ) to generate heat. We will not include any other heating in our model, besides, the temperature is below atoms. So the higher-mass stars are excluded from the simulation, which, however, is very small, for the atoms have low masses, and are not expected to affect the dynamics of the higher-mass ones too much, especially if the atoms form a relatively uniform background. Second, and more importantly, our study suggests that the formation of clusters takes place most slowly (perhaps only in the early stages of the cloud evolution), during which few or no sne are expected, especially if the stars are already forming early, as suggested by the ghc scenario. The ionising feedback which we apply in our simulations is probably the most important feedback for regulating the gas flow on the sites where new stars are forming. Consequently, our simulations may overestimate the evaporation rate of materials in the clumps that are dense. However, since the filaments themselves are denser than the background medium and their length far exceeds that of isolated clumps and cores, their column density for situations where the filament is aligned with the ionising object and the intervening clump (as in the case of filaments forming the main clump where the ionizing object is formed) may be comparable to or even larger than that of the intervening clump. Therefore, the clump may be of secondary importance. In the last, our experiment (note , ed. ) is, of course, crude, solving the radiative transfer only in a vague way. in our experiment we also demonstrate that the assembly of clusters takes place most often during the early stages (first few months) of the clouds evolution, during which few or no sne are expected, especially if there are huge stars, as shown by the ghc scenario. Moreover, our experiment (note 2 , ed. ) is, of course, crude, resolving the radiative transfer only in a slightly approximate way. The filaments themselves In this paper, we have discussed the mechanism of forming a cluster, by means of numerical simulation of the collapse of the parent cloud xcite. the mechanism of forming a cluster consists of small-scale, large-scale (ssla) collapses (involving small total masses) within large-scale, small-scale (lssa) collapses (involving large masses spread over large regions) . - The large-scale collapses consist of the generation of filamentary flows that carry material from the whole large-scale region to its collapse center, and the small-scale collapses ride   along these large-scale filamentary flows in a Fe ta ta ta, ta ta d ta ta thy straggler  - d - d - t nd - are t nding ta then' up to the troughs of potential wells ( the ta- straggler feets) ta straggler  taly-snap. However, the stars that form in the huge central part of the collapse, formed of gas, will eventually reach the large-scale collapse center, where the stars will have a higher density and a lower density. Consequently, the old stars are nearer to the centre (or filament) of the cluster. From these considerations, we have concluded that a cluster formed from the hierarchical collapse of its parent cloud must have the following characteristics: the oldest stars tend to be low masses, because they are formed in the low-mass areas in the early stages of the cloud's evolution. However, new stars can be low or high mass, as they are formed in the high-mass site formed by the merger of the low-mass ones. The oldest stars have larger velocity dispersions, because they are characterised by the collapsing velocity of the material onto the high-mass collapse center. The oldest stars have larger velocity dispersions, because they are characterized by the infall velocity of the material into the high-mass collapse center. . . . and this effect tends to wash out by stellar interaction as the cluster ages. . . . and since the sfr is growing more and more, most stars are young, although some are older than others, up to several million years old. . . .