In general, although long-standing theoretical and experimental studies have been made, the theory and experimentation of this atomic cascade are still far from being fully understood. In this paper, we present the physics of the non-reactive scattering of the exotic hydrogen atom in the collision with the hydrogenic atom in the ground state: @xmath4 elastic scattering, @xmath5 stark transitions, @xmath5 and the coulomb dexposition (@xmath6). Here, @xmath7 are hydrogen isotopes and @xmath8; , @xmath9 are the orbital and intrinsic quantum numbers of the exotic atom. While dexposition is obviously necessary for the atomic cascade, the role of the collisional processes preserving the principal quantum number xmath10 is also very important. Here, from the classical paper of leon and bethe , the aforementioned arithmetic arithmetic arithmetic arithmetic arithmetic arithmetic arithmetic arithmetic arithmetic was treated, the arithmetic arithmetic was treated in the semiclassical version. The original paper of leon and bethe has been introduced here, in the semiclassical version, in the semiclassical section: here are hydrogen isotopes and there are hydrogen isotopes. The intensity of the acute states is influenced by the compressive arithmetic; there are transitions at the edges of the cells which change into the perpendicular acme, and with the arithmetic arithmetic the excitation of the exotic atom “The first work on the cd process was done by Bracci and fiorentini, in the frame of the semiclassical approach, with some additional approximations. These calculations were performed in the classical-trajectory monte-carlo approach (see for detail at xcite). This approach has allowed the author to describe all the processes (1). It is free from the additional approximations used in previous studies. The differential and integral cross sections derived from the processes (1) have been calculated for muonic, pionic, and antiprotonic hydrogen atoms, in excited states with @ xmath12, and in the kinetic energy range relevant to cascade calculations. The energy changes of the @ xmath0 states due to vacuum polarization and strong interaction (for hadronic atoms) are included in the close-coupling method. the results of the calculated differential and integral cross sections are now included in this paper in order to demonstrate some of the new results obtained quite recently. While the coulomb deexcitation cross sections obtained by ctmc approach are in good agreement with the semiclassical ones of bracci and fiorentini, the more elaborated adiabatic approach (aaa) gives too small cross sections to explain the experimental results. The reasons for such a strong discrepancy are not clear. The complex processes ( 1a) are recently treated in a unified manner in the framework of the close-coupling (cc) approach (see below for details). . . . here we use the ice-house approach. The total wave function of the system is expanded by the base state, as follows: xmath29 - the numerical form of xmath30 is defined as xmath32 , where xmath33 and xmath34 are the quantum numbers of the relative motion and the atomic numbers of the exotic atom in the entrance channel, respectively. The bound energy of the alien atom, xmath35, is the eigenvalue of xmath23, xmath36, and the energy shift, xmath37, due to the vacuum polarization and the strong interaction (in case of the atom adronic) . In the present case, we use the frozen electron approximation. The total function of the system is expanded in terms of the basis states as follows: - 3 - a diffusion of the second order differential equations for the radial functions of the relative motion, - - xmath30 the wave number is given as xmath32, where xmath33 and xmath34 are the energy of the relative motion and the exotic atom quantum numbers in the entrance channel, respectively. The energy of the exotic atom, - xmath35 includes the eigenvalue of xmath23, - xmath36, and the energy change , -math37, due to the vacuum polarization and strong interaction (in the case of the adronic atom) . There are open channels with a different state of being with a different state of being with a different state of being called a ‘closed’ channel. (And a similar phenomenon is also simulated in the adjacent section of Fig. 1). The total cross-sections calculated in adiabatic Xcite and present cc calculations are in good agreement at energies of xmath54 ev. The total cross-sections calculated in adiabatic Xcite and present cc calculations are as a whole in good agreement at energies of xmath54 ev . . . the aggregated differential (elastic and stark) cross-sections (left): the aggregated differential (elastic and stark) cross-sections of Xmath55 collisions vs . . . the aggregated differential (elastic and stark) cross-sections of Xmath55 collisions vs . . . . . It is clear from Fig. 3 that the energy that is being generated by the large cross section of the intermediate atoms (the horizontal atoms, for example, will be of very low lmath73), whereas the elastic atoms are of a much smaller size. Thus, the details of the short-range interaction, which are rather important, are more important for the treatment of the atoms than for the elastic ones. In contrast to elastic atoms, the dispersion of a cylinder is accompanied by a large energy release (tens and hundreds ev) and is confined to a much smaller distance, so the details of the short-range interaction are more important for the treatment of the atoms than for the elastic ones. These differences in nature are completely different from the ones of elastic and definable processes. Fig. 3 shows the ev-dependant influence of a partial wave l, averaged in dispersed cross sections at xmath72 for xmath72 at three fixed energies, 0 . 1 , 2 , and 50 ev. This influence is seen for all hadronic atoms. This proportion of the cd cross section (@ xmath73) is mainly due to the partial waves, with a very low @ xmath73, as compared with the elastic cd process . , they have, it is seen, an overall energy dependence of the cd cross-sections in the region of xmath82. It must be noted that all previous calculations of cd, either as semiclassical or adiabatic, used a two-level approximation. in contrast to the elastic scattering and stark transitions where the ‘  dipole’ approximation (and @ xcite) gives good results (at not too low energies) , the deep inelastic process, such as cd, requires the whole interaction, as it is clear from the present study. At lower energies, the present cd results are a qualitatively agreeable reflection of the xcite and xcite results. so in all our calculations we included all the open channels with a xmath13 suffix. We observed that the energy dependence of the cd cross-sections in the region of xmath82 is qualitatively in accordance with the results of xcite and xcite. “I have therefore determined the angular distributions of cd in an account of the calculations which I have already taken for the purpose of estimating the angular distributions of cd at different values of relative energy from 0 . 01 to 15 ev. ”5 In fig. 7 we show the distribution of xmath85 and xmath90 of a sample set of individual transitions of the same magnitude as the xmath88 transitions and the two at energy xmath89. At xmath90 the averaged cross sections for the transitions of the xmath95 transition have a more pronounced structure with sharp maxima and minima, and a strong peak at zero angle as compared with the smoother angular structure of the other transitions. The increased kinetic energy increases the asymmetry of the angular dependence of the xmath52 transitions and decreases the role of the backward scattering. Moreover, we have detected that the angular distributions of the individual and the averaged cross sections (i.e. at low energies) are far from isotropic: the angular motion of the transitions in the intersection of xmath87 and xmath90 is quite markedly enhanced. The obtained results were obtained by means of the equations of the close coupling equations, which included all the open channels. Although the channels with @xmath15 for xmath105 and at energies of less than or xmath106 ev are strongly closed, they can at least alter the open-channel wave functions at short intervals. The study performed here was based on the calculation of the closed-channels with @xmath107, and we went on to add closed-channel channels with @xmath108 to obtain the convergent results. We also compare our results with those obtained by semiclassical simulation for the transition from xmath104 to xcite. For xmath52 the effect of the transition with @xmath0 is negligible, since the statistical weight of the transition has very little effect on the average state of the transition. We are based on the observation that the distribution over the final states of xmath84 is completely different from the sc results, as it was illustrated in fig. 10. In the present analysis we added all the open channels with @xmath107, and step by step added closed channels with @xmath108, to achieve the convergence of our results. The special feature of these cross sections is that they are of similar energy but sharper than the elastic scattering and stark transitions (see also fig. 10), but the contribution of the transitions with @xmath103 is comparable to that of the transitions with @xmath106 = 1 and is equal to about 50 %. For this step, the kinetics of the atomic cascade are analyzed. We have found that the differential and integral cross sections of the above processes are calculated for the muonic, pionic, and antiproton hydrogen atoms with @ xmath12 and relative energies relevant to the cascade calculations. v . . gusev and v . n pomerantsev, hyp - interact . . . l . i ponomarev and e . a solovov, yad . a fiz . - a . i . ponomarev and e . a solovov, yad . . - fiz . t . . jensen and v . e. markushin, eur  journ . d, p. d. t. s. jensen and v . e. markushin, eur . journ . d. . a . . . r . . jensen and v . e. markushin, eur . journ . d. . . t. s. jensen, v. p. popov and v. n. pomerantsev, arxiv: 0712 . 3010 (2007) . p. popov, jetp lett . . . a . . . 79 . p. popov, phys . a . . . —[83] , 331 . . .