Another method, called Shifting, may help to quench star formation in over-stressed regions. While this is not in the course of a review, one can see several physical mechanisms that may aid in the quenching of star formation in over-stressed regions. Darker, red, elliptical galaxies are dominant in these regions, whereas more sparsely populated regions are dominant in the formation of spiral-shaped galaxies, with young stellar populations and a systematically higher formation of starry nights. In the tidal forces of the halo, a magnification of a galaxy (starvation; a starvation; a halo (death; a halo (atrophy), starvation; a halo (without gas) to the formation of the star and thus prevent a lowering of sf activity , and the long duration of this transition is marked. The relative strength of these physical mechanisms is strongly dependent on the state of the cluster or the group (dynamical state, mass, and the sub-cluster or sub-cluster medium) and on the surrounding environment. The generality of these physical mechanisms is that in extremely dense regions there are objects which form a spiral morphology and in which the more densely populated regions have galaxies with spiral shapes and younger stellar populations and a systematically higher rate of star formation . Thus, there are also specifically several physical mechanisms which could relieve star formation in over-stressed regions (for a complete overview, see . . . and moreover, the simulation of dark matter halo merger trees and semi-analytic models (sams) were used to fill the haloes with galaxies and trace the history of the simulated galaxies, which eventually settled on cluster-mass haloes at different times. @xcite furthermore studied the influence of the dominant physical processes which galaxies may be subjected to in group environments, the frequent weak tidal disturbances of the impetuous disturbance, which are capable of transforming late-type, disk-type galaxies into late-type, early-type galaxies. In our simulation, the fraction of galaxies subjected to pre-processing depended on the assumed timescale at which physical processes in the group have a profound effect on galaxies, and also on the weight of the galaxy. , - ? - . However, see also ,  for a discussion of the history of sf. recent studies have suggested that the quenching of sf activity in cosmic history is mainly driven by two distinct and possibly separable elements: secular evolution (or 'the banishing of mass') and environmental-driven processes (or environmental regulation) - ; - ? - ? In addition to the aforementioned sources of bias, there are a great number of different techniques that can be applied to the study of galaxy evolution. This work seeks to quantify the role of pre-processing in the local universe by analyzing the rest-frame colour and the formation of stars in the atmosphere over three orders of magnitude in the coma supercluster. To achieve this goal, we would have to focus on the low-sullied field, so that our sample of galaxies, taken from the sloan sky survey (sdss) (and thus have a less complete picture of the effect of environment on galaxy evolution. Since the studies carried out above were conducted in the higher frequency, they had to follow a less dynamic range of environments, which would reduce the general ability to conclude general conclusions about the effects of environmental factors on galaxy evolution. In this research, we are trying to quantify the role of pre-processing in the local universe by analyzing the color of the frame, and the formation of stars, in the absence of an environment, of galaxies, which is present in the coma supercluster, where a diffraction-free distance of 300 m is estimated. The higher frequencies of this type, however, tend to cover a smaller dynamic range of environments, which, as a result, reduce the size of the general picture of the effects of environment on the galaxy evolution. In this work, we seek to define the role of pre-processing in the local universe by examining the colours and formation of stars of galaxies in a matrix of eighty percent density, in three orders of magnitude in the diffraction-free range of the coma supercluster. In this work, we want to quantify the role "Because our objective field is situated near to it, the adjacent density contrasts with that of the adjacent halo are most apparent. Therefore we use the mst to differentiate the large dynamic range of densities that we find in the coma supercluster. In the following sections we take a kroupa impos , in which case we will assume a kroupa impos , and in the following sections we will take a kroupa impos , and in the following sections we will assume a kroupa impos , and in the following sections we will assume a kroupa impos , and in the following sections we will assume a kroupa impos , and in the following sections we will assume a kroupa impos , and this is the remainder of the paper. The vt and the mst approach allows us to select different components of the cosmic web by exploiting the fundamental density contrasts of the cluster, the group, the filament and the void. Our combined vt and mst approach can enable us to select the separate components of the cosmic web by exploiting the fundamental density contrasts of the cluster, the group, the filament, and the void. In this section, we describe the coma supercluster and our selection of a few candidates, using data from sdss, galex, and wise. the close proximity of the supercluster (@xmath19) affords us the opportunity to probe its galaxy population in the lowness of dwarf masses (@xmath19) , and the geometrical structure of the supercluster, with its galaxy distribution largely perpendicular to our line of sight (@xcite) makes it an ideal case for studying galaxies in a wide range of environments with minimal projection effects. Earlier studies of the coma supercluster have primarily been focused on the largest cluster — a1656 — their low redshift, high galactic latitude (@xmath21) and richness were shown to draw much attention to this cluster in the early years of extragalactic studies (see ? ? ? and references therein). A considerable substructure, at xcite’s mpc sw, of the center of a1656, was observed first by the abundance of galaxies in the ngc 4839 group, and later by the radial velocities of the member galaxies. The xcite study, which discovered a great many post-starbreaks (or k + a) galaxies corresponding to the ngc 4839 group, and derived the conclusion that the ngc 4839 group had had a tidal wave of star formation, or perhaps it had been triggered by the tidal effect of the tidal cluster blending @ xcite . On this sphere Xcite began a systematic investigation of the influence of local environmental conditions on the properties of the galaxies surveyed by sdss dr7. Then he measured the local density around the galaxies, by measuring the volume density of galaxies in a cylinder with radius xmath25 mpc and a half-length of 1000 km s. xmath15. For these galaxies, at fixed masses, the sfs is sharply decreased at higher density, and that the presence of an active galactic nucleus (agn) is much more common in the higher density. Using the same sample of members of the coma, they examined the optical properties, morphologies and frequency of post-starburst galaxies in different environments, and found a weak correlation between galaxy colour and morphology with environment for the most massive galaxies and a strong correlation between color and morphology with environment for the dwarf galaxies, and also that almost all post-starburst galaxies reside in the highest density. However, for the smaller a1367, they discovered the reverse radial dependence of the fraction of star-forming galaxies when they calculated the optical measure vs the optical measure. This result seems to indicate that it is necessary to account for all traces of sf activity, un-obscured and dust-obscured, for galaxies with a radius of less than one-hundred opacity. So we selected the supercluster members from the dr9 galaxy, based on the selection criteria of @xcite, choosing galaxies with positions (@xmath30, @xmath31) consistent with the coma supercluster and line-of-sight velocities. With the release of the intelligent all-sky survey (sdss) we now have access to the ir component of sf activity for almost all galaxies in the whole coma supercluster, and this work presents the first look at unobscured and dust-obscured sf activity in all the coma supercluster, down to refractory sfrs and with a sample of galaxies spanning two orders of magnitude in stellar mass. Here we choose the coma supercluster members from the sdss dr9 galaxy sample from dr9 of the sdss, and we choose galaxies with positions (@xmath30, @xmath31) in the cluster centric radius. These selection criteria produce a sample of 325 galaxies over the supercluster region, which is roughly 4400 deg. xmath on the sky. There are only 130 galaxies in our sample that are detected in the m and m-bands, but we must also prevent the sample, which is represented by m-bands, from being biased at the lowest globular masses towards the dwarf galaxies, which are active star-forming galaxies. [10] By tinkering with the m-bands, we have calculated the stellar mass - use of the star-index (see "sun"), such that all our galaxies are detected in the m-bands, and we make use of a mass cut-off (using the masses calculated with the star-index - see section "sun" - to a large degree, so that all the galaxies in our sample have m-bands of xmath37, and with this cutting-off we have selected m-bands of xmath37, which excludes only 130 galaxies, but which is necessary to prevent our sample, which is in xmath39 band, from being biased at the lowest level to those dwarf galaxies that are actively forming stars. (Table 2, Figure 2 ) The positions of the two clusters, in which the density is equal to 200 times the critical density, are computed by the figure of xmath40 (the radius of which the density is equal to 200 times the critical density) determined by xcite. So, with the image of the whole coma, we take a look at the galaxy catalogue from the [i.e. galex] universe (ne: a1656, sw: a1367) , the two gigantic clusters (ne: a1656, sw: a1367) are identified by the red circles, which are equal to the radii of their virial radii. [lod] we calculate the optical radii for reddening using the extinction maps of xcite (we assume the extinction curve of xcite with r = xmath45 - 4 - p. for the galex bands we use the extinction maps of xcite - accross the uv to the nir spectrum, and put the extinction curve of xcite = r = xcite = 9 [3] - we adjust the entropy of uv into nir, using the extinction maps of xcite, and assume the extinction curve of xcite with r = xcite - 4 - xcite - p. 1 . We survey a sample of thousands of galaxies, whose territory we cover about 500 sq. miles. That means that the microspheres which are outside of the microsphere’s coverage are flagged so that they are not considered for further analyses of sf activity in the microsphere, since the sf activity measured from the microscope alone will always be below the lowest limits. The conversion between the observed luminosity and the measured sfr will be accurate as long as the light which is collected in one sfr band is dominated by stars younger than 10 @ xmath50 years. Then, to ensure that the sensitivity of our catalogue to sfr@xmath49 is uniform across the microsphere, we must carefully account for the difference in the geographic depth of our survey. almost the entire supercluster has been mapped with sfr at various depths, but about 5 per cent of our galaxy group of supercluster members does not lie in a galaxie of galaxies whose coverage has not been extended by sfr.2 But as the microspheres of the macrosphere are dominated by the light of young stars, it is also the nuv band which contains more contaminating flux from stars of age of xmath010 xmath51 years . so, to ensure that the sensitivity of our catalogue to sfr is uniform across the supercluster, we must consider the differing depths relating to the sfr. The panosamic show is a representative of the microspheres of the Microsphere in coma, including the shallowest ones, extracting a galaxy of the Microsphere in the map and re-inventing it in In this respect, we have taken the fluxes of 75 per cent completeness in the lowest maps of fuv and nuv, indicated by vertical dashed lines in figure [fig] galex completeness, and exclude all data of uv for galaxies detected with fluxes below these levels from our study. This is explained in detail in Section [Galexsfrs] . To avoid having our sfr estimates considerably skewed by the presence of an older stellar population, which can have a much greater effect on the nuv band, we will ignore any sfr estimates of nuv for any galaxy whose sdss spectrum has a strong 4000 drop ' based on @ Xmath56. . . . a significant step in the measurement of star formation in the coma supercluster has recently been made possible by the release of all the sky data from the Wide Field Infrared Survey Explorer (seem?) , which has mapped the mid-infrared sky in four bands (w1 - w4), centered at 3 - 4 - 6 - 12 - 0 and 22 - 0 @ xmath56 . the hyostat of our coma supercluster sample , width = 307 , the hyostat of our sample . It is well known that the recent work of @xcite is a calibration of the flux density of the X-cure and the galaxies, with w1 and w2 photometry, and of the total Galactic mass, ( mjy), for which the calculations of the -cure @x-cure @x-cure are excellent. In our opinion, a key part of our analysis is to make physical measurements of the local environment in a meaningful way. The recent work of @xcite explains the intermixture of the flux density measured in irac ch1 and ch2 with a galaxies sm (and the star) as measured by a salpeter imf. For -cure w4 we are 100 % complete to -cure @x-cure@x-cure , which means that our measurements of sfr @x-cure@x-cure@x-cure@x-cure@x-cure@x-cure@x-cure , is complete to sfr @x-cure@x-cure@x-cure . For -cure@x-cure@x-cure_, we are 75 % complete to -cure@x-cure@x-cure@x-cure66 measurements of sfr @x-cure@x-cure@x-cure@x-cure@x-cure@x-cure||4 at coma (at l-cure@x-cure61) . They are formed from a set of polygonal cells based on the geometry of a line (see Figure 1), which give a clear correlation between surface density and volume density, and are bound to the points nearest to the centre of the field. But this is often the case with smaller-scale density measurements, i.e., one who makes a smoothed transition between density and volume. The surface density of the given point is compared with the volume density in the abell 901 / 902 supercluster . . . , we show in our appendix (see Appendix B) that our surface density in the coma supercluster correlates strongly with volume density estimates calculated according to the procedure 'Algebrain Density'. This method can be used to calculate the density of a large dynamic range of densities, because it combines voronoi tessellation (to calculate the density of a local area) and the minimization of the tree (to resolve continuous structures) . When applying a 2D surface density to calculate the density of a galaxy, one has to be careful not to let projections to much damage the estimates. “The problem with vt, and with any method of measuring the local density field, is that estimates of density rise in the vicinity of the maps, where many cells are artificially large, or even unbounded. we avoid this by placing galaxies from the sdss dr8 in a 10 degree-wide buffer that covers our coma supercluster, which all have redshifts consistent with coma and the same selection criteria for selecting our coma supercluster map. Thus, we exclude the superclusters from further analysis, so that only the purpose of these galaxies is to prevent the edge effects in our supercluster dataset. In figure (Fig. 1), we plot the voronoi cells over the supercluster. As you would expect, since the supercluster contains regions of extreme high density, there is a much greater fraction of cells with density upwards of 100 - 1000 gal h in xmath64 mpc at xmath65 mpc, than in the random distributions. The distribution of cell density in the supercluster is in contrast to a set of 1500 maps, randomly distributed, with an equal number of sources and an area equal to the coma supercluster. We exclude these buffers from further analysis, because this is the only purpose of these buffers, so that the difference between the observed and expected voronoi cell density can be compared. We contrast the distribution of the voronoi cells in the supercluster to a set of 1500 maps generated by random selection, but each with an equal number of sources and an area equal to the coma supercluster map. vt measures the density field across the immense dynamic range of the supercluster, but it is less efficient in detecting continuous structures. In the following figure, h alpha delta compares with a comparison of m2010 ew (h @ xmath24) and ew (h @ xmath43), we show that 91 of the 110 proposed galaxies in m2010 have been selected from a parent galaxy sample similar to that of the present study, and have the same criteria for choosing post-starburst galaxies (see section kpa vs 'e environ'). There are 62 such k + a galaxies. The above-mentioned m2010 k + a catalogue table contains a table of 110 dwarf galaxies in the coma supercluster, which is very similar to the sample in which we have the present study, and which is very close to the sample in which we have found the starburst galaxies. However, only 41 of the 110 galaxies proposed by m2010 show spectral characteristics, as per our sdss measurements, that suggest that they are k + a . the explanations for this inconsistency lie in the different approaches used to obtain the measurements of the two, which are indispensable for the selection of k + a galaxies, and a pronounced systematic oblique in h @ xmath24, and a significant oblique in h @ xmath43. They are responsible for most of the systematic adjustment between the h @ xmath24 measurements in figure [fig. : h  alpha  delta  compare] , because the stellar population has not been subtracted from the h @ xmath24 measurements in m2010. The differences seen in h @ xmath43 stem from a lack of robust continuum fitting and from the fact that the * specline* products are given as simple Gaussian products. . . . there is also a factor of xmath68 for the * specline products which have not been converted to the rest frame, but for the redshift of coma this is a very small factor.