He has noticed that the narrow-line nls1s of the u rl nls1s of the u rl nls1s resembled the bl l-cyl-nls1s of the u rl nls1s of the u rl, as a type of agn which has been sharply peaked. He has examined some very noisy nls1s (cl-cl nls1s, cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl , they show exquisite cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl- For this study we have shown a multi-wavelength variability of the object from day to day. Several radio observations have suggested that the multi-wavelength diversity is like that of radio quasars. Xcite said that the object has long-term fluctuations in both radio and optical bands. At this time the scattering of radio waves is relatively low, and the same amplitude in the radio frequency band can be as high as xmath12 within a year. Then the long-term fluctuations may be as high as a magnification in the optical frequency band. The latest multi-wavelength observation of Xcite has revealed its daytime fluctuations in the radio and in the optical frequency bands. The object has dramatic fluctuations in the x-ray and radio frequencies. In this letter, we report an optical monitor for the rl-nls1 sdssj-094857. 1 We were using a liquid nitrogen cooled pi va1300b 1300 @ xmath141340 ln ccd. Each pixel of the ccd corresponds to a pixel of xmath16. The latest multi-wave campaign of @xcite revealed that the object shows an ongoing increase in the radio band from week to year. a collection of low-emission stars were selected from the same ccd frame, in order to get the differential light curve. This means that the light curves of the observations were taken from the same ccd frame. Our observations were taken during the first week of February in 2009, on the nights of March 27 and March 5, and on the nights of March 26 and April 28. In the evenings of these days there were no or very few observations due to the bad weather. However, the observable stars were monitored over the nights of March 27 and March 5 in the evening, March 5, and April 28, respectively. The corresponding dates on the axis of Figure 1 were 3345, 3347, 3351, 3402, and 3405, respectively. The base two curves represented the variation of the object in the b-band (blue solid square), by blue solid square (by blue solid square) . The dark frames were not necessary because the detector temperature was so low (@ xmath19c) that the dark electrons could hardly be counted. The instrumentarity of the object and of those chosen stars was estimated by the standard routine iraf; it included in it calibration and flat field corrections. The result of these calculations is presented in Figure 1 . The upper two curves show the variation of the object in the b b – (by blue solid square) – in the b – corresponding dates are 3345, 3347, 3351, 3402, and 3405 – all the results are reported below. The radii of the observed data are taken as a result of the standard routine by iraf, including inward and flat field corrections. The following is an example of the usual error levels for april 25: they are a 0 - 05 mag and a 0 - 0 mag in the b and r bands. if we do aperture-photometry, we have a problem: if the presence of the host galaxy is any conspicuous , the epoch of the light is certainly not involved in the observed light. This problem is caused by the relatively good weather on March 1 and March 25, which was very sparse. In particular, the weather was not very bad on March 1 and March 25, which resulted in the little bar, and the number of errors in the apex of the bar is much smaller than in March 25. The inset of the figure shows the observations that occurred within four hours on the night of the 25th. Some authors proposed that the range of radiances derived from the host galaxy may have led to spurious variations in the observed apertures, especially when the apertures are small . . . as for the radiances in the apex, the intelligibility of the host galaxy is much greater than that of the apex. Therefore, the apex of the object is much fainter than the apex. We argue that the radiance of the host galaxy is not important in the present study. Firstly, the hosts can't be identified in the images taken by sdss, likely because the object is far from us (@xmath10 ) and bounded by the wideness of the host galaxy. Secondly, as we have mentioned, the apertures of the focal planes we adopted in this study are twice the fwhm of field " Single-ray emitting glare in four rl-nls1s, including this object, which confirms that it is one of the compact stifling glares, that is, of the narrow h-blotter, and the high eddington ratio. " Since the successful launch of the rl-nls1s, in the four rl-nls1s, they have a dazzling glare in the radiance of xmath-rays, which suggests that the jets of the host galaxies are all well-developed. However, the optical property of the stifling glare is different from the nls1s. On the one hand, the optical spectrum of x-rays is akin to nls1s, and the flat radio spectrum, high brightness, and variable x-ray glare (see Figure 2). On the other hand, some observational behavior is peculiar to blazars with relativistic jets in close proximity to the line of sight, such as the inov examined here, flat radio spectrum, high brightness temperature, and variable x-ray glare (see Figure 2). . . . . He added, “By a simple but realistic means, he was able to change the position of rl-nls1s on the xmath8 plane to the keplerian end of rl-nls1s, but the massive keplerian end was not yet sufficiently thick to support the degree of hyperbolic velocities. Moreover, it was possible that a bh-sprinkling of bhs was to affect the radio effusion of nls1s at xcite. The accretion was thought to be related to the radio emission. This research was supported by the chinese natural science foundation, under the grant nsfc 10803008 and nsfc 10873017. This research was supported by the 973 program (2009cb824800) . although our Observer shows that the very high radio emission in rl - nls1s sdssj0948 + 57.23 = is mostly a result of the beamed non-thermal jet, with a small angle of view (see a few other studies ad n ) (as well as from other studies ad n n n n , a small angle is probably related to the accretion of nls1s - and this is also related to the accretion of bhs - accretion is also thought to be related to the radio . ‘So what?’ r.w., taylor, g.b., sadler, e. m., ricci, r., murphy, t., ulvestad, j. s ., & winn, j. n. ’06, 171 , 61 komossa, s., voges, w., xu , d., mathur, s., r. , l., - d. - komossa, s., voges, w., xu , d. , mathur, s., adorf, h. m., lemson, g., duschl, w., & grupe, d.