It has been known for several decades that the bright, low-mass x-ray binaries (lmxbs) are lmxbs, and lmxbs, as a rule, are overabundant in globular clusters (gcs), relative to the galactic field (katz 1975, clark 1975) . Hence, it is proposed that lmxb formation channels exist in both gcs and the galactic field, and if there are different lmxb formation channels in gcs and in the galactic field, the properties of their respective lmxb populations are also different . ocxbs, which are both highly compact x-ray binaries with very small binary separations (4mi] and short orbital periods (4mii) , are very rare in the galactic field lmxbs: the list of confirmed ucxbs (with measured @ 5mii) is a voluminous list, in particular, for the prominent stars of the galaxy - fabian, pringle & rees 1975; bailyn and grindlay 1987; exchanges between the ns and the primordial binaries (hilles 1976; rasio et al. 2000) - — that, we argue, is a signature of the orbital time. This is because the gc lmxb may be a direct tracing of the dynamic close encounters taking place in gc cores, it is necessary to establish orbital time for as many of these sources as possible. ngc 1851 was observed three times with the f140lp filter on the sunshade channel (sbc) of the accretion and binary evolution on board the hst. here we present time-resolved, far-UV photometry of the lmxb 4u 0513 – 40 in ngc 1851, which was suspected to be a lmxb based on several strands of circumstantial evidence (deutsch etal 2000, verbunt 2005, nelemans & jonker 2006, int zand etal 2007) . We argue that the observable periodic chromatic observables are a orbital signature, and that 4u – 0513 – 40 can be regarded as a confirmed ucxb with a 0.092 sigma time. This procedure is sufficient for the measurement of acs / sbc (stis / f25qtz) images. We have taken this correction factor from a set of (usually blue-arrowed) stars (mostly blue-green) that are common to both images. We have calculated this correction factor from a set of (mostly blue-arrowed) stars which are very common to both images. We have calculated this correction factor from a series of (mostly blue-and-horizontal) stars (mainly blue-and-blue) that are quite common to both images. Having estimated this correction factor from a number of (often blue-and-blue) stars, common to both images, we have calculated that our acs/sbc count rates are 3 . 3 times larger than our acs/sbc count rates. Therefore, we investigated for long-wave dilatation by comparing the acs and stis count rates, by adjusting for differences in wavelength and for the different photometric apertures and background regions that were used . . . . and they confirm the idea of deutsch et al. (2000) that the '' star a'' (as used by deutsch et al.) is the correct counterpart to the lmxb, while two other stars, although 'similar'', are analyzed. At the first glance it is obvious that star a, the counterpart suggested by deutsch and homer (2000, 2001) is indeed an unusually bright star, particularly at the three observing times. Besides, a more pronounced peak is apparent in the star a around a sphere (xmath16) at a wavelength of c d @ xmath10, which corresponds to a period of about xmath16 min) . . . it is immediately obvious that only star a shows any evidence of a signal at a frequency that is other than hst s orbital frequency (xmath15), more specifically there is an obvious peak at a wavelength of about c d @ xmath10 , that is to say, the absolute time of the signal corresponding to a very high peak, which is about xmath19 c d @ xmath10 (that is to say a period of xmath17 min) . . . in order to better understand the astrophysics (that is, the energy excess at xmath15 and the sidebands at xmath18) , we have set up a simple graphical model of light flow. The graphical model is exactly the same as the observations, contains a single periodic signal with amplitude 0 c s @ xmath10 and a consistent long-term trend, namely the power difference at xmath19 and the high evidence at xmath19 , is both a model and a representation of the major features of the data. . . . the total number of bootstrap trials associated with each alias relates to the probability that it is the correct alias (see southworth et al 2006, 2007 , 2008 and dillon et al. 2008) . to this end, we carried out a least squares fit to the orbit-mean-subtracted acs data set for star a. in this fit we were able to define the probability of each alias being probable and to compute the period and period error of each alias. we began by removing the long-term trends in the data stream by estimating the mean count rate in each hst orbit and subtracting these averages from the data. We then computed the frequency of the peak of the histogram which is shown in Figure 5 (exposed on the orbit-mean-subtracted power spectrum of all the data, which is indicated by a dark region) . as can be seen from the power spectrum, there are clearly four such aliases. to this end we performed a least squares fit of the hst + acs data for star a. In this fit we obtained a fairly reliable amplitude of the signal for all the epochs, and proved that the change in the amplitude was not sufficient to enlarge the signal amplitude. In conclusion, we made a bootstrap test of the maximum likelihood and the total error for each of these aliases. The histogram created from this set of peak frequencies is shown in figure 5 (superposed on the average power spectrum for all the acs data, which is shown as the shadow region) We also tested the coherence of the signal, and to obtain its average waveform, we threw the entire data stream for the star a onto the same (sub-) alias that was used for the fit in figure 6. The result is shown in figure 7 along with the phase binned average waveform. We also found that the assumption of constant phase was reasonable, i.e. the observed waveform was consistent with being coherent across the entire set. This assumption was supported by the fact that the signal was coherent across the whole set. Lastly, we performed separate tests for the amplitude of the 17-minute signal, e.g. the total count in the star a was c. sent> in the stis data and in the acs data. - as already mentioned, the signal is only barely detectable if it is examined in isolation. as you can see in the figure 7 above, the average frequency is about threefold and there is a step by step change in the average, but this time it is almost sinusoidal. As for the amplitude, it is well known that the power of the system is increased by the mean frequency of the star a by a factor of three - from 3 % to 10 %, the largest increase takes place in the six-day interval between the two acs. It is precisely a spiral echo, with a amplitude of three to ten times a 10 in amplitude, and is present in all four observable epochs and is clearly coherent. This signal is nearly sinusoidal, has an amplitude of three to ten times a 10, is present in all four observable epochs, and is consistent with the well-nigh complete accuracy of the signal. This property is in agreement with the orbital signals seen in other uv-ray observables (e.g. homer et al. 1996; anderson et al. 1997; dieball et al. 2005) and with a simple model, in which the irradiation / optical signal is attributed to a reflection effect associated with the irradiated donor star (a low-mass, helium-core white dwarf) and with the accretion disk, whose budget is also dominated by irradiation. the difference between the total and the fractional light is defined simply by the relative contributions of the disk and the donor to the averaged flux of the light ... this is consistent with the x-ray skewness of the source in the rxte data, where one sees a factor of 10 changes in the x-ray count on time ... and in the rxte data system the asymmetrical fluctuation in count rate is a factor of a factor of ten , so a factor of x-math0 would require an order of magnitude increase in x-math22 ... if we accept @ xmath27, kpc, and xmath29 (as deloye and bildsten would have suggested by sizing at xmath5 mhz , we find an effect of @ xmath30. In this, we assume a number of xmath32 min, which is the fourth predicted ucxb in a galactic gc. the extra difficulty in detecting gravitational radiation from this source is that it has been observed and confirmed by circumstantial evidence. the lightness, x-ray spectrum and pulses of 4u 0513 , have been known for some time to point to a ucxb class (e.g. verbunt 2005) . , for a circular orbit, we can take the following equation: math23[21]; math23[22] [23], where math24 is the mass of the neutron star primary, math26 is the mass of the white dwarf, with the power of the second harmonic, for a circular orbit. In this case, the weight of the gravitational radiation of the circular orbit is roughly given in the form of the mass of the nucleus of a neutron star, and the mass of the white dwarf (as a donor) and with a power of a second harmonic for the circular orbit. the same result is also true. There is no absolute dividing line between the two orbital periods. For example, the field lmxb 1543-622, probably, has a orbital period of around 18 minutes (wang & chakrabarty 2004) , although it is not yet included in the list of confirmed ucxbs given by nelemans & jonker 2006 and int zand et al. (2007) . apj, 413, l121 aurire, m., le fvre, o. , terzan, a t. a . . . , aurire, m., le fvre, o. , terzan, a t. . . . thank frank verbunt for pointing out that all known x-ray binaries with orbital periods less than half an hour are in globular clusters . . . for example, the ucxb 4u 1543 – 624 probably has an orbital period of about 18 minutes (wang & chakrabarty 2004), though it is not in the list of confirmed ucxbs, which is given by nelemans & jonker (2006) and int zand et al. 2007) . ‘rees m. j., long k. s., charles p. a ., hannikainen d. c ., van zyl l . ; mnras 172, 15p harris , w. e., 2005 apj, 634, l105 dillon, m., gansicke, b. t., marsh, t. r., barros, s . c . . , szkody, p. . . , brady, s . . , krajci, t. . , oksanen, a . . . priedhorsky, w., & white, n. e. 1987, apj, 312, l17 southworth, j., gansicke, b. t., marsh, t. r., de martino, d., hakala, p ., littlefair, s ., rodriguez - gil, p . , szkody, p . 2008, mnras, 373, 1145 southworth, j., gansicke, b. t., marsh, t. r., de martino, d., hakala, p . , steeghs, d., hakala, p . , steeghs, d., hakala, p . , copperwheat, c . m . , aungwerojwit, a . , mukadam, a .