“ the first observations that the universe had entered a period of rapid expansion were given by the supernovae type ia [8], which were found to be fainter than expected. This observation was confirmed by many independent observations, including the temperature anisotropies of the cosmic microwave background (cmb) , the inhomogeneities in the matter distribution (cmb) , the integrated sachs wolfe (isw) effect, the baryon acoustic oscillations (bao) , the weak lensing (bl) , the gamma ray bursts . The cosmological model benefited from the observation that the accelerating expansion is caused by a dark energy component with negative pressure (cmb), which is called dark energy (cmb) , and the dark matter (cmb) giving rise to galaxies and their large structures. . . . thanks to the agreement of observation and observation the model is generally called cmbcdm, to show the nature of its main components. Nevertheless, this model is favored by observations and is far from being good in the theoretical sense: the value of the cosmological constant is many orders of magnitude less than that calculated in particle physics. The nature of the de and the de interaction is not known, so we introduce two possible and different approaches for describing the de and the de, fluids and scalar fields. Here, based on general considerations, such as the holographic principle, we discuss the reason why the interaction in the dark is to be expected. . . . - We review the influence of the interaction on the background dynamics. - In this review, in the following terms: in this introduction, we describe the concordance model and discuss the shortcomings that motivate the assumption of interactions in the dark sector . . . as the nature of de and dm is unknown, in this introduction we introduce two possible and different approaches to describing de and dm: fluids and scalar fields. In this introduction, we describe the background dynamics, the decrease of matter density and the fall of density decompositions are explained. In this introduction, we describe the phenomenological fluid interactions. in this introduction, we introduce two different approaches to the phenomenological fluid interaction, fluids and scalar fields . in this introduction, we introduce two different methods to describe the de and dm: fluids and scalar fields. We study how this interaction modifies the non-linear evolution and the subsequent collapse of density decompositions . . . The current cosmological model is given in a friedmann-robertson-walker metric. The present time is referred to as X-math3, and the present time is denoted by X-math4 and the present time is normalized to X-math5; X-math6 is the gaussian curve of the space-time. if we treat the matter content of the universe as a perfectly fluid, with a mean energy density of X-math10 and a pressure of X-math6, then we may use the metric Fyodor Pavlovitch [4] . . . and a fixed degree is the metric Fyodor Pavlovitch (fyodor Pavlovitch) . . . if we construe the matter-content of the universe as a perfect fluid, with a mean energy density of x-math10 and a minimum pressure of x-math (indeed, the axial line of the line of x-math) . . . . . . . . . The results of the analyses in p-31 are shown in Fig. , sec. 8. the phenomenological description of the interaction between the dark sectors was introduced in sec. , sec. 2 and the linear perturbation theory of the model was described in sec. , sec. 4. the eos of the dm-de, the energy density of the de is ascertained, the distance between the de and the dark sector is much tighter, the distance between the de and the dm is positive at 68 % confidence (cl) . . . more recently the Planck collaboration showed that the dm-de and the de were in agreement with the observations in dm-de. The results of the mcmc analysis in different data sets are shown in fig. . . . in a condition of stability (Sec. Sec. Sec. ). The results of the mcmc analysis in different data sets are shown in Fig. . . the results of the mcmc analysis in xcite. the results of the models with a variable eos are presented in fig. . . . . The phenomenological description of the interaction between dark sectors was introduced in fig. . . . . . I’ll tell you about the five models in the table: dm, de and baryons. let’s suppose the universe is filled with dm, de and baryons. A dm/de interaction would result in a dm/de error (from planck & wmap) and an xmath32 error (from act & spt) for dm/de errors at dm/de errors. It would also explain the discrepancy of the diameter at high redshifts. For instance, if de and dm are interacting and the former transfers energy to the latter, as needed to compensate for the possible variations in the path of the coincidence (see sec. [ Sec.]), it would explain the value of the Hubble parameter, a value which is smaller than the expectation of dm/de@xmath0cdm @xcite. We will now describe the results of the devious scenario. To test the dynamical de, or indeed the interfacing de, it seems to us a simple and efficient explanation. Our results indicate a deviation of dm from dm/de@xcite at low redshifts and a decrease of dm/de@xcite at high redshifts. Then we will evaluate the constraints for @xmath33 and @xmath33. As the statistical evidence is still not significant, but if confirmed, this result cannot be explained by a interfacing de, and a more exotic de is suggested . Let us now briefly summarize the two different models in the table below: dm/de and baryons. ohcx parameter & bestfit & @ xmath42 ,  xmath42 ,  xmath42 ,  xmath42 ,     ,   xmath42 ,      de  end  a right   ] for the model iii, it is easy to prove that the energy density of the de is always smaller than what the standard  xmath40 , so the hubble parameter is given by the same expression, which is the normal expression    . . . , the energy density of the de is always smaller than that of the standard  xmath40 . . . and since  xmath40 is the dominant component of the redshifts , it is smaller than in the concordance, so it is the hubble parameter, as indicated by the information of the de. "Let's study fluid models, especially iv.1, to see if we can achieve the goal. Let's examine the phenomenological fluid model. It is only now that the dm/de ratio in the iv.1 model is of order unity, which means that we must be precise about the initial conditions at the line of 90 orders of magnitude (see sec. : sec1 : coincidence) , and as seen in fig. , in Fig. , ratios a) the ratio has two equilateral solutions in a curve, the timestamps and the present values are given in eq. , eq. , width = 480 , height = 432 ; the ratio has two attractor solutions in a curve at xmath56, in the sphere of the curve . . . as shown in fig. . . , a) the ratio has two attractor solutions in a curve, the former solution and the future solution are given in eq. . . . . the values change with the initial conditions, but they are bound in two attractor solutions at xmath56 in the sphere of the circle . . . . , @ xmath64, @ xmath64, but the density xmath64 is different for different initial conditions, but all curves are bound by the two attractors solutions @ xmath65 and @ xmath66. For this reason, we have fixed @ xmath67 and @ xmath68. so that current and future experiments can be used to make constraints on the interactions between dark regions and to explain the nature of dm/d interactions. since the interactions in the dark regions change the growth history of the universe, the evolution of matter and radiation density, of special velocities and gravitational fields, these new facilities will not only test the current period of accelerated expansion, but also explain the nature of the interactions between dark regions. The fact that the expansion of the universe is accelerating has led to large scientific and experimental projects to understand the origin of it. The de task force (detf) was established to advise the different U.S. institutions on future de research. The report summarized the different experimental approaches and proposed a quantitative ‘cluster of merit’, which could be applied to the properties of de and to its evolution, as well as its evolution at lower redshifts. The density contrast at xmath64 is different for different initial conditions, but all curves are bounded by the two attractors solutions of xmath65 and xmath66. The cosmological coincidence problem of the universe is considerably reduced. In the future, a number of experimental facilities are being constructed and built, which will test the expansion of the universe and the growth of its structure with increased precision up to higher redshifts. the research of snia, galaxy clustering and gravitational lensing. The observations in the snia and snia at xcite and snia at xcite are to be considered as a part of the snia and snia research. In this section, we will review the sites which are currently operating and under construction. The projects in the snia, snia, and snia , the [91]-degree field survey of the southern sky, with galactic latitudes xmath73 , the median redshift of the survey is xmath74. . From the ia space-based experiments the institute of the canada-france-hawaii telescope (cfht), whose tasks had been carried out since the time of the [91]cfht mission in 2009 , the study of snia, and of weak lensing, that ended in 2009. The study of snia, galaxy clustering, and gravitational lensing was extended and improved by the more recent instruments, and the chft lensing survey is still the largest weak lensing study to date. The use of wide field imaging, to measure the weak gravitational lensing and the clustering of galaxies in bins of redshifts, is used to map the clustering of galaxies, quasars, and the forest, and to measure distances and expansion rates with bao, and to reconstruct the history of the building by redshift - space distortions rsd rsd rsd rsd rsd rsd If the data are drawn up by the algorithm of fengshui and an algorithm of fengshui, a hundred-seventh scale astrometry will be obtained. These four surveys will make up the fourth-class sky survey (subject-survey). This survey will be followed by a giant survey (sub-satellite), which will last for six years and extend the main survey to higher-redshifts. b. an analysis of the star-redshift data of fengshui show that the measurement of bao is precise to Xmath79 c. the first instrument is a two-point-brnometer ellipsometer. . . . , a one-point-brnometer of the javalambre physics of the accelerated universe astronomy survey (j-section), which was established in 2009 and which is presently ongoing for five years, and which will continue to carry out the multi-purpose survey. The goal of this multi-purpose survey is to establish a ratio between the distance and height of galaxies, and to calculate the distance and width of these galaxies in xmath82, in a power spectrum constituted by a combination of bao and the shape of the power spectrum. These measures of bao, like those of xmath79, have been employed to calculate a satisfactory precision of 2 - 3 %@xcite. The reference instruments are a 2 – 4 and a 2 – 6 – 15 and have been working for five years, and the primary instrument is a 2 – 6 - deg( -1)a* based on ly One of its main goals is to conduct a survey of the sky above dec = xmath85 xcite, which will go one-fifth deeper than the sdss imaging survey. The aim of this survey is to produce a cosmological survey of the sky, which, when viewed from the sky, will be about one-fifth of its sdss survey, will yield information on the sky at xmath90 xcite. By this means, in addition to a general survey, an ultra-deep field of xmath87 deg @ xmath72, down to magnitude 27 (xmath88) of the xmath88 band, with a photometric redshift to measure the growth of the clustering of stars. For that purpose, in addition to the broader survey, an ultra-deep field of xmath87 deg @ xmath72 will be observed, up to magnitude 27 in the xmath88 band, with photometric redshifts, measuring the growth of the clustering, which ... xmath90 . . . The panoramic survey telescope and the rapid response system (Paradise Starrs) is a facility which aims at the cosmological survey. The experimenter, operating at 148, 218 and 277 ghz, scans the sky with a directional observation, gradually edging the space, resulting in a stripe-shaped area. A Polarization-sensitive Receiver has been placed on the Spit, and a band of 95 and 150 ghz was given to measure the polarization of the polarization spectrum of @ xmath101, of a power spectrum of @ xmath102, of a band of @ xmath103, the whole range of @ xmath103. The data in the three bands was used to produce a power spectrum of the multipole range, in range xmath99. The researchers of the spectroscopic survey (des) has started, and it will continue for five years. The spectroscopic survey (des) is a wide field spectroscopic instrument, starting in 2018 and spending five years in the almost twin Mayall telescope at Kitt Peak (California) , and the spectroscopic survey (des) is a wide field spectroscopic instrument. Its scope is mbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb, oh and acme skylites, and two semi-galactic objects. A new survey in the field of astronomy dedicated to detecting the universe in its 56 colours. This survey, the result of the javalambre physics of the accelerating universe (aka jpa), is a new astronomical observatory dedicated to estimating the universe in 56 colours. The first year of the survey, 2016 in Madrid, will cover the range of 9282deg, 72 in five years, using a system of 54 narrow band and two broad band filters, in the range of 84nm. The filter system was developed with the purpose of detecting 90% of the distance of the galaxy in the redshift range 902 , 7072 and 6025, and it will have to estimate, using different density tracers, the 7002, the redshifts of the 677n202225xmath1222, 223523222222222, 122, and 222222 % accuracy of distances from the 1061020010151225, and in the **2325628 - trde43; , a few years later, jpa will cover 1822 6, and will cover 2103 in 5 years' time, with a c X-ray telescope, a ground-based telescope, designed to be operated for a decade, enabling it to detect galaxies at redshifts well over the unity threshold. The site of the sabre telescope, the lsst, is located on the site of the Cherro pachn (chile), and for a decade it will work on galaxies at redshifts well over the unity threshold. The high-resolution survey of the hi galaxy, according to the 21 cm line, can give us precise redshifts (with the 21 cm line) of millions of galaxies at different redshifts, thus allowing for the precise measurement of the size, distribution, and masses of the galaxy clusters as a function of redshift. The science goal of the wfmos is to provide a high-resolution survey of the black and white galaxy. The large synoptic survey telescope (lsst) is a wide-field, earth-based, earth-based telescope that can make its image in six optical bands, from 320 nm to 1050 nm. The wfmos de survey comprises two parts: a 2 , 000 deg deg survey of two million galaxies at redshifts at xmath110, and a high-resolution survey of about half a million lyman break galaxies at redshifts at xmath110, which can examine the distances and the hubble rate beyond xmath111 (see xcite for more details). The wfmos de survey is a survey instrument specialized for galaxy studies. During the past nine years, the wilkinson microwave anisotropy probe (wmap) was a satellite mission to measure the temperature of the polarized sphere, at a frequency of 23 to 94 ghz. This mission was launched on the 30th of June 2001, and was carried out for nine years up to the end of October 2010. The main results and results of the nine years of operation are described in xcite. These experiments are devoted to the study of polarization; in combination with the low redshift measurements of the polarization experiment the I equation of state and dark matter destruction are confined. The planck collaboration has released data on the temperature and the polarization of the microsphere from August 12th to October 23rd, 2013. The aim was to generate the Microsphere in temperature and polarization. The important advantage of the polarization measurement consists in the fact that it does not require a dedicated facility, and consequently is much cheaper than measuring the temperature from the earth. For the purpose of intensity mapping the microsphere is centered on polarization. This experiment, a polarization experiment such as sppol@xcite and quixote@xcite, was being undertaken in order to characterize the polarization of the Microsphere and of the Galactic and Extragalactic Sources. The planck-planet monitoring the sub-millimeter and sub-millimeter sky from August 12, 2009 to October 23, 2013, viewed the microsphere and sub-millimeter, with angular resolution between 33 and 5 . euclid is a European space agency satellite mission, which is planned to launch in 2020. euclid will map the extra-galactic sky with the resolution of Hubble space telescope, with optical and near-infrared (OIR) imaging and nir-spectroscopy. in the soft x-ray band (0.06 - 0.05), it will be more sensitive than the rosat all sky survey, while in the hard x-ray band (0.04 - 0.02) it will provide the first truly optical survey of the sky. Moreover, the photometric redshifts of the galaxies will be provided by the ground spectral data and from the nir-spectral data . . . . a detailed quantitative forecast of euclid performance has been discussed in . . . . . the euclid data will enable one to constrain many different cosmological models: if the growth factor is parametrized as a 'xmath115', it corresponds to the 'xmath0cdm' model, and euclid will measure this 'xmath115' with a precision of xmath116 . . . the wfirst, for instance, is exploring the low redshift universe through the weakness of the converging eye and the clustering of the galaxy. The ska, for example, is capable of investigating a higher redshift regime and a different range of the magnitude of matter’s energy spectrum, which is linear rather than a non-linear range to which euclid and wfirst are able to be sensitive. This complements euclid in many respects. The core of cosmic origins is a full-height, microwave-frequency satellite proposed to esa by esa within cosmic vision 2015 - 2025. Moreover, because of their different observing strategies, they are able to perform cross-checks that will help to identify and eliminate systematics. Nevertheless, due to their different observations, they will be able to perform cross-checks which will help to detect and eliminate systematics. In addition, due to the differences in observation strategy they will enable the overlap of data that will help to identify and eliminate systematics. euclid and wfirst can probe the low redshift universe by weak lensing and galaxy clustering. euclid and wfirst can probe a higher redshift regime and a different range of scales of the material power spectrum, which are linear scales rather than the quasi-non-linear scales that euclid and wfirst will be able to detect. The polarization study program definition committee (pppdt) came together in the absence of a satellite dedicated to the study of polarization (cmbpol) ... adeque e fe a , thanks fapesp and cnpq (south brazil) and a . a. ferreira, and r . landim for advices and suggestions ... f . b . thank fapesp and cnpq (sunya) for support and a . a. costa, e . ferreira and r . landim for suggestions and suggestions ... f . b . . would like to acknowledge the support of the national basic research program of china (rpc 2013cb834900) and the foundation of the national natural science foundation of china, and would like to thank j . h . he and x . d . xu for their useful discussions ...