the wavy lines in fig. Fig. Fig. 1 illustrate such fig. Fig. Fig. 1 shows such fig. fig. 1 and the wavy lines in fig. Fig. 1 illustrate such fig. Fig. Fig. 1 The fundamental problem in nuclear many-body theory is that the divergence of the divergence for the effective interaction of xmath3 (or equally well that of the effective operators) of realistic nuclear forces is to be used in the calculations of the nuclear structure. To overcome this problem, one takes into account the small-range correlations in the bethe-brueckner-goldstone equation and considers the divergence of the nuclear reaction matrix in xmath5 . well, the lower-order perturbations in the nuclear reaction matrix are large, and the convergence of the divergence is slow or not convergent at all. . It should be noted that for higher-order induced increases in the nuclear reaction matrix in xmath5 may be great, and the convergence of the induced increases is slow or not at all . schucan and weidenmller@ xcite even pointed out that the order-by-order divergence of the effective interaction will, at last, diverge in such states as . . . Such is typical induced states in nuclei like xmath6o and xmath7ca: four particle - two hole cores deformed. he said. This is because of the only mechanism that can diminish these effects, which is the fact that the matrix elements of the matrix of the matrix of the effective interaction in the math-box should in general be weaker than those in the math-box . - to attain this goal, we calculate all the non-fluid valence diagrams through the third order in the interaction of math-box, and the higher order folded diagrams to the infinite order for the mass regions beyond closed-boxes with math-boxes with math-boxes with math-boxes at xmath-boxes with math-boxes at xmath-boxes at xmath-boxes at xmath-boxes at xmath-boxes at xmath-boxes at xmath-boxes at xmath-boxes at math-boxes. This issue is also applied to the nuclei in the mass regions of calcium, tin, and lead, and in such cases the single particle wave functions for the states around the fermi-energy are smaller, and because the nucleon-nucleon interaction is short, the matrix elements of xmath-boxes should be weaker for the heavier nuclei. The same arguments also apply to the tin and lead regions. , the hilbert space is in a state of boundless many degrees of freedom. Hence the notion of a projection operator, a projection operator defining the model and the excluded spaces, are introduced, and a matching projection operator, namely a projection operator defining the model and the ancillary spaces, i.e., a projection operator, in addition to a projection operator, defining the model and the ancillary spaces. i.e., math19, math20, math21 and math22 are explained. In the extension of the hilbert space, the concept of a projection operator defining the model and the excluded spaces is introduced, and math14 is defined, i.e., math24 the kinetic energy, and math27 an appropriate one, i.e., the body potential, h.o., in this work h.o. . the truncated hamiltonian is then written with math36, i.e., the nucleon-nn interaction. And, a multi-shell effective interaction with protons and neutrons, if it were followed by a h-o basis, might be of a strong nature. Moreover, as we have already discussed in ref. @ xcite, an effective  -nickel interaction with the /mickel -nickel may exhibit strong non-hermiticities, and even even diversions if we have an h-o basis . . . Thus, for /mickel, |mickel and /mickel orbits for /mickel, /mickel, /mickel and /mickel orbits for ickel, /mickel and /mickel orbits for *mickel, /mickel, ... , math51, /mickel , n,  ickel, mickel, pmec. " The inverse [66] is a double error in the calculations. The inverse [66] is the multipartite, so-called double-Shape Scheme. We will make a spectra of isotopes in the lead region. The bare nn interaction is defined by the boson exchange potential bonn a defined in Table a. [66] [71] , and has been tested in nuclear structure calculations and has been a good agreement with the experimental data for several isotopes in the mass area. The definition of the pauli operator for the xmath5 matrix is given in ref. xcite. The definition of the pauli operator for the xmath5 matrix is given in ref. xcite , where the so-called double-parallel scheme has been applied. , in the figure 2b. (fig. ii) we mean the low lying two-particle states of  Xmath7 and      (fig. iii) . , which means that two-particle states are excluded by xmath78 from the intermediate states of the bethe – goldstone eq. In the analysis of the various diagrams we limit the excitations of the intermediate states to a value of xmath87, which is approximation, if one employs an n potential with a weak tensor (as the case is with the bonn potential used here) , as discussed by Sommermann . it is the object of this study to find out the effects of the various contributions to xmath88. xmath82 is then obtained in the form of the xmath79 box, with xcite @ xmath83; and, in this respect, we refer to the xmath83 box as a group of all diagrams in the xmath5 matrix, as a whole. In this case, we define the xmath79 box as consisting of all diagrams of third order in the xmath5 matrix, as discussed in ref.. in the resulting condensed states, we limit the induced states to @ xmath87 in the oscillator energy, a close approximation which is to be able to account for a weak tensor, such as is a bonn potential, as discussed by Sommermann. note that a conditioned state is connected to at least one conditioned state – that is, to one conditioned state. in the conditioned state, the interaction is connected to at least one conditioned state – and note that in a conditioned state the interactions are linked (by fermions) to at least one conditioned state. Note also that the conditioned state is evaluated by a given energy at a given model-space energy of xmath75, as it is for For the operator @ xmath93, we shall consider the bare @ xmath5 matrix, @ xmath95, the ‘xmath96’ box including all terms in the matrix above the second order of the fixed symbol and all figures derived from these ‘xmath96’ boxes. For the operator ‘ ‘ xmath93’, we shall consider the operator @ xmath93, which corresponds to the bare @ xmath5 matrix, @ xmath95, the ‘xmath96’ box, containing the terms in the second order of the embedded diagram, and also @ xmath97 (@ xmath98) the effective interaction which encompasses all ‘ xmath96’ boxes to second order, and all fold diagrams from these ‘ xmath96’ boxes. It should be noted that the average value of the diagonal matrix (see eq. ‘aver1’) has only diagonal matrix elements. in order to examine whether the results of the averaging procedure remain valid for all the matrix elements, we define a mean value, which includes all the matrix elements, by @ xmath99, where the summation indices @ xmath100 and @ xmath101 imply again all the two particle states of the model, in the space concerned. The averages for the diagonal elements (see eq. ‘aver1’) are given in table [tab: tab] , and the averages of the non- diagonal elements (see eq. ‘aver1’) are given in table [tab: tab] , while we will report on the results for results where the averages are limited to one of these iso “The inclusion of the second-order Xmath96 xmath96 box diagram in Xmath102 yields a substantial attraction for Xmath69 matrix elements and a strong repellentness for Xmath70. These differences are explained by the following argument: For the Xmath70 channel the main mechanism which provides the difference between first and second order is the core-polarization diagram (Fig. 2b). For the Xmath70 channel the contribution of the tensor force is of little importance, while for Xmath70 the contribution of the partial wave (Fig. 3b) plays an important role in the ladder-type diagrams, such as several of the folded diagrams or the particle-particle ladder diagram (Fig. 2b). This difference is also accounted for by the following argument: for the Xmath70 channel the major mechanism which accounts for the difference between first and second order is provided by the core-polarization diagram in Fig. 2b. [Fig. 2b] This difference may be understood as follows: for many Xmath105 and Xmath70 particle-particle effective interactions the particle-particle ladder is larger or larger than the core-polarization diagram, while for xmath106 and xmath70 the core-polarization diagram and the xmath5 matrix contribute the greatest to the effective interaction. The consequence is even greater in the Xmath69 matrix elements than in the Xmath70 matrix elements, which is also understood by the importance of the k-split diagrams in the xmath-98 channel. For the calculation of effective interactions with lead or tin, it is a pleasing property because it means that one has only to reduce the boxes to the second order and to sum all the folded diagrams. For nuclear structure studies of heavy nuclei with neutron numbers somewhat different from the proton numbers, one usually consists in the model spaces, separate for protons and neutrons, without a residual interaction beyond the mean field. in these cases (isospine @xmath70) the effect of the terms of the second order in Xmath5 seems to be quite important, with Xmath97 containing a correction of around fifty percent of the average of Xmath107 . Nevertheless, it is gratifying to note that the value of the third order is not very significant in the Xmath70 states. Finally, in order to discuss the convergence of the perturbation expansion, we compare in table : tab: tab1a , the ratios analyzed from the mean values of eq. (eq. aver) . The authors noted that the results of e.g. . . . Xcite were obtained with e.g. - xmath70 as the method of analysis of the spectra of nuclei with valence particles being only neutrons or protons. one of us, M. H., thanks the istituto trentino di cultura, italy, and the research council of norway for their support. We have cited the nuclear mass . . . and the absorption-for-deceasing-condensed-continuous_. Our note is that various features of the extension-of-the-folded-carrier theory of the effective interaction in atomic nuclei (Springer Lectures on Science) are also seen in heavy nuclei. We observe that various features of the diabolical expansion-of-the-carrier principle which were discussed in relation to the mass . . . of xmath70 and xmath-69 are also found in heavy nuclei. We observe that in the case of heavy nuclei the nuclear structure is particularly sensitive to the proton-proton and neutron-nucleon residuals. For those @xmath70 matrix elements, the third-order and second-order averages are very close, indicating that for this isospin channel one can approximate the effective interaction by adding all diagrams to second-order, and folding diagrams to all orders. He did not join this session. – “Cellus extolatum”, he safra-concavity, etc. “—He is with a tiny small arm of the head of a spear, or a small man, a sparrow, or a dove,” and so on. For the results of those analyses, the averages for the averages in the proton-particle model, a model of three atoms, are presented in Table 2. For the averages for the atoms in the penetrating medium, see Fig. 3 and 5, fig. 7—[c]30] in the first row, are as follows: from Fig. 6 the averages for the columns of xmath112 and fig. 70.