Moreover, many enormous programs have been planned or are pending; e.g., the nearby supernova factory aldering et al. 2001; the supernova / acceleration probe (snap) perlmutter et al. 2001; the supernova / acceleration probe (snap) perlmutter et al. 2000; wide-field, moderately deep surveys (e.g., reiss et al. 1998; gal-yam & maoz 1999, 2002; hardin et al. 2000; schaefer 2000) together yield hundreds of new sn discoveries a year. The study of supernovae (sne) has recently advanced greatly. They are heterogeneous events, categorised by several subtypes, which are defined in turn by spectral properties. Each of these subtypes is further divided into subtypes, that is, ia, ib, ic, and ii, ii, l, ii, l. In short, sne of type ii show hydrogen lines in the spectra, whereas sne of type ii do not. To learn the geometry and the energy content of the universe (e.g., Goobar & Perlmutter 1995). More recently, hamuy et al. (2001) and leonard et al. (2002a, b) demonstrate that the distance to xmath14 is possible to xmath14 % (xmath17) from xmath14 can be obtained through the expanding photosphere (epm; kirshner & kwan 1974; schmidt, kirshner & eastman 1992; schmidt et al. 1994) are more recently illustrated by hamuy et al. (2001) and leonard et al. (2001; see also hflich et al. 2001 ) suggest that the estimation of the mean xmath16 or xmath17, if only by measuring the mean ymire visual magnitude, would be less costly than calculating the ymire expansion velocity. These subsequent studies (riess et al. 2001) using large numbers of high ymire sneia of xmire might be able to provide a strong case for the current acceleration of the universe (riess et al. 1998, perlmutter et al. 1999; see filippenko 2001 for a summary). The fact that a sne, especially at high redshifts, may be too faint for spectroscopic observations, especially in the large, 10, 000-meter telescopes that are now available. spectroscopic investigations are almost always based on spectroscopic verification and classification. sne, especially at high redshifts, can be too faint for spectroscopic observation, even with the largest, 10-m telescopes that are currently available. - to interpret spectroscopic data, the information is usually (but not exclusively) the type, the redshift and the age (in accordance with the period of explosion or peak brightness). The goal of this study is to facilitate the scientific exploitation of sne for which there are no spectroscopic observations. The first choice is multicolor broadband photometry, the second is multicolor, the third is multicolor. This method is applied to sne that are too faint, too dark, or too dark, but not long ago. Also, spectroscopic analysis is not possible in sne that are discovered in archival data (Ga yam and maoz 2000; riess et al. 2001; Gá yam et al. 2002) which are long gone by the time they are discovered. This method is based on the same observational technique as in the case of dg2002. These particular tests are based on the comparison of images obtained at xmath20 weeks apart from each other, designed to detect sne at an early or late stage in the period. as these authors demonstrate, this mechanism is highly biased towards the discovery of sne ia. In the main task of dg2002 is to select high- @ xmath20 sne ia from the observed sample, using the polarization of the host galaxies and the sne themselves. Dg2002 tries to isolate high- @ xmath20 sne ia from a sample of observed galaxies, as well as from the pigmentation of the host galaxies and the sne themselves. However, this research focuses on a very specific observational approach, namely the comparison of the image obtained at xmath20 weeks, designed to find sne ia before or at a high redshift. As the authors have demonstrated, the system is highly biased towards detecting sne ia. For the particular observational approach they take, dg2002 aims at minimising the contamination of the sample by non-ia sne. To this end, we will argue here that dg2002 can only attempt to identify high- @ xmath20 sne ia detected by a particular observational approach, we present general methods that apply to all major sne groups and can be used for a wide variety of sn surveys, as well as for searches which are similar to those of dg2002. After a specified redshift, one can easily estimate the age of the sne from the observation of the host, and the redshift itself can be used as a known parameter . The redshift is determined only by observation of the active sne. Even if there are no redshifts in the sky, one can subsequently verify the age of a sne by measuring the light curve of a sne. However, in many of the scientific uses of sne (e.g., the estimation of sne rates) the age of each sne is of no consequence. While one can find information from the host (e.g., elliptical galaxies contain only sne ia) in general, it is difficult to determine the age of a sne by means of a spectrum. however, for many scientific purposes (e.g., obtaining sne rates) the age of each sne is insignificant. Thus we have focused our efforts on using multicolor broadband photometry for the determination of the type of a sn. , and even with such limited information on its variableness (e.g., whether the flux of the sn is rising or falling) . fortunately, the common classification of sne (see filippenko 1997 for a review) is mainly based on their spectra, with one notable exception, which we will discuss below. our classification of sne is based on colours, determined by the spectral energy of each event. we call it sne ii, which shows prominent hydrogen lines, and sne ii ii, which does not (minkowski 1941) . . . without any hydrogen lines, ii sne, is not distinguished. This is a hypothetical problem. Two sne with very different photometric properties (e.g., light curves, peak magnitudes) that have the same sysemometric seds, but with very similar seds in all ages, will not be distinguished by our method. (a) It is customary to divide the sn population into two main categories: type ii sne, which show prominent hydrogen lines in their spectra, and type ii sne, which do not (minkowski 1941) . type ii sne further divided into two sub-classes, according to their shape, namely: sne ii, which show prominent hydrogen lines, and type ii, which do not (minkowski 1941) two new subtypes have arisen . . . , sne iin shows the narrow h - xmath27 spectral emission (e.g., schlegel 1990, filippenko 1997 and references therein), sne ib show narrow h - xmath24 spectral emission (e.g., schlegel 1990, filippenko 1997 and references therein) and sne ib are transitions that initially appear as quite normal sne ii, but evolve to resemble sne ib ( filippenko 1988, schlegel, 1997, and references therein) and, sne iin, and ib are transitional objects, which first appear as rather normal sne ii, but then turn into sne ib (filippenko 1988, schlegel, 1997, and references therein) and sne iin and ib are probably a great fraction of the sn population, that is, the apexii (some half of the sne population, e.g., cappellaro et al. For example, we consider all the sne which were discovered during the year 2000, and whose type was either given in the iau circulars or possibly constrained by the data available to us. Among the 110 sne there were 54 sne, 5 sne, 5 ic, 8 sne, 1 sne iiib, and 34 sne which had been reported as  sne iib. In fact, we are aware that an extremely small population of sne intrinsically faint (e.g., sne 1987a) may be underestimated in the statistics of our population. so that a survey which is sensitive to such events may need to include their type in the spectroscopic database. Therefore, it is probable that the analysis based on our database will be useful to a large number of sne found by current programs. To give an example, we consider all the sne that were discovered during the year 2000 and whose type was either reported in the iau circulars or is the subject of any search that may be used to make the study of the sne. There are 91 events (83%) of our spectroscopically defined sn sample (types ia, ib, ic, ii-p, ii-b, ii-ib) and 13 events (26%) are or do not belong to the i-p, ii-b and ii-b subtypes, and only 6 (five%) are known to be of these types. They had to take the galactic coordinates of the stars to be corrected for the reddening of the stars, following the map of schlegel, finkbeiner, and davis (1998), and the extinction curve of cardelli, clayton, and mathis (1996). In addition, a few complementary spectra of other events were included in order to establish consistency, and fill gaps in the temporal evolution when necessary. our spectra are de-redshifted according to the host galaxy redshift taken from the ned database, and after redshifting the spectra to a chosen redshift (see below), the telluric features are re-applied in order to obtain synthetic colors. Using our spectral database, we calculate the synthetic colors of sne at a chosen redshift through the johnson-grey-middle (johnson 1965; cousins 1976; see moro & munari 2000) , the diffusion of sne and the characteristic of a featureless star . . . . Table 1 lists the sne whose spectra constitute our database, with the prototype of each subtype pictured first. The basic database contains only the spectra of normal sneia, but we examine the effects of peculiar sneia in the [10] xmath26 table. For each of the well-defined sneia , we have selected a prototype. In the following section, we introduce such diagrams, discuss the use of them in the classification of sne (as a rule, for each sn which has known redshift and some observed colors) and derive some general rules. For optimal results, for each sn (which has a known redshift and some observed colors) it is necessary to look for color diagrams which give the best information. Note that in all the graphs we present, the ordinate and abscissa are composed of color bands consisting of adjacent bands (e.g., axa, axa, axa, axa, etc.) . Note that most of the spectra in our database are of the sneia type 1994, which was slightly bluer at first than normal sneia ( richmond et al. 1995). since most of our spectra in our database have a wide wavelength range, error bars will therefore generally be in the one axis. in figure 1 we compare our sneia data with templates for normal sneia compiled by leibundgut ( 1988). Since most of our spectra in our database are of the sneia type 1994 (e.g., Tripp 1998, phillips et al. 1999) . It should be noted that the data for sne ii-p is based on three different events: sne 1992h, 1999em, and 2001x. Among the points which have much lower values of xmath28 (110, 127, and 165 d), the three points have all been calculated from sne i-p, which was up to that time consistent with all the other sne i-ps. It can clearly be seen that the data for sne i-p is well known. In other instances, the line-dominated spectrum results in unique colors for late time (at xmath 31 d) sne ii (seeing a bifurcation in our calculation). In other instances, we retain both branches of sne i-p (from the spectra of sne 2001x marked, when significantly different, in a darker shade) and treat the colour space bounded by them as possible locations for such sne . . . contrary to sne ii, the colour path of sne i-p is quite smooth. The transitional phase of the spectrum is mainly driven by the change of the continuum, from very blue at early ages, growing redder with time (e.g., filippenko 1997). cfa and tololo programs investigated by the cfa and caln and tololo programs, and discussed in riess et al. (1998), only 3 sne ia (@xmath41) have @xmath41 mag . Moreover, the middle panel of Figure 3 shows that if one examines another color, such as @xmath1, it can be partially averted. One can see that the unique colors of the young (@xmath41) and very old (@xmath41) sne ia cannot be concealed by the presence of significant redness in the host. However, the centre of the diagram is occupied by all sorts of snee. for example, an unknown sn with colors of @xmath43 and @xmath44 would be impossible to classify by those colors alone. but the middle panel of figure 3 shows that if one examines an additional color, such as @xmath1, that degeneracy is partly curbed. Hence a value of @xmath43, at the rate of the same @xmath43, produces a spread of the sn type. The uniqueness of old (@xmath40) and very old (@xmath41) sneia cannot be masked by a substantial redness in the host. Consequently, we are able to subtract the light from the sn spectral spectrum. we consider contamination as negligible when it will not make one sn type of sn look like another. So, it is generally possible to subtract the light from the sn spectral spectrum of a sn from the sn spectral spectrum. Thus, we consider the light of a sn from the spectral spectrum of a sn . First, we have found that for all sorts of sne and hosts the sn spectral spectrum of the sn is negligible at xmath51 , that is, when xmath51, the effect of contamination is negligible. , but the opposite effect, i.e., of the blue starry host on a red sne, is much weaker, so that the sne of spiral hosts is unlikely to mix with the young sne. However, the lower the sne of the sne, the greater the sne of the young sne. For young sneia, the worst case scenario is that a red elliptical host should cause them to look like reddish red sne. So the phenomenon is generally possible to separate the light from the sne spectral flux. In the discussion below, we disregard contamination of the sn photometry by light from the underlying host galaxy. The most frequent kind of sne ia has at @xmath57 high values, for a whole generation (in the meantime, as is the case, see the sne rest) a color greater than 0 – 6 mag, while the @xmath2 value is smaller than 0 – 3 mag. In the middle figure of figure 4, we present a similar picture, calculated at xmath58. Even where all types are at once mixing, at @xmath60 mag and @xmath61 mag, sne ia and ii – p have values of 0 – 6 mag, while @xmath2 is less than 0 – 3 mag. and if one of these types is threatened by other information, as will be seen in the next section, then the effect of redness on the sne photometry will remain unchanged, and this data will be collected in a wider view. This analysis will however fail to inform us of any contamination of the sn photometry by the light of the underlying host galaxy. In most of the time when sne ia have a sharper, bluer color than other types, and this distinction is not affected by redness. Sne ia (including sne i 2001x-like, 'see' @xmath59) have xmath1 values of a few tenths of a tenth of a dimens of a few hundredths of a magnitude bluer than other types, and again, this difference is not sensitive – which means only one color (@ xmath2) in the johnson-neighbors system – so that at xmath73 there is only one color (@ xmath72) in the system – this is shown in the bottom panel of figure 4 for sne at xmath7. (and we will now use this system for the analysis of higher redshifts.) Then a system of infrared (IR) filters is required. This system, with three filters (@ xmath63, @ xmath64 and @ xmath12), is then covered, as it were, by the xmath66 and Xmath66 filters, but far more than that, by the xmath67 filters. On the other hand, late-time sneia are markedly redder than other types (@ xmath68 and @ xmath69), while early-time sneia are markedly bluer (@ xmath70 and @ xmath71) and will remain so even in the presence of much reddening by dust. - at this redshift, sneii is somehow quite isolated from other types. , we have seen that sne ib and ic is the only sne with a color above unity of @xmath85 and @xmath85 above unity. We have applied a refined and synthetic colour, calculated from the spectra of local sne, to classify high-quality high-quality events at the lowest redshift. This assumption is based on the assumption that the spectra of sne are not altered with redshift. Here the reader will see that the figures of the oddity of the sne have not been overestimated to the first level (riess et al. 1998; coil et al. 2000). However, for all other types of sne there is almost no spectra of high-quality events of distant (@xmath86) redshifts. In this respect, it must be mentioned that spectra of distant (@xmath86) events are scarcely present in the world. in the same way, we have been able to make up the spectra of the most extreme varieties of sne ia: overluminous (sn 1991t - like; e.g., filippenko et al. 1992a) and underluminous (sn 1991bg - like; e.g., filippenko et al. 1992b) objects, as well as spectra of sn 2000cx, unique sne ia that can be considered a subtype of itself (li et al. However, the latter problem is most acute in the region of the higher redshift, where luminous sneia have scarcely been observed, at a range of levels, but are hardly able to be distinguished from sneia of the normal sneia. As sneia of the underluminous, redder, sneia, which are almost always bluer than the normal sneia, they are generally easier to distinguish from sneia of the inner core-spanking kind, and pose no special problem in our analyses. At the lowest level, unauthorised non-sneia sneia sneia take up precious telescope resources for their follow-up spectroscopy. Secondly, when only low signal to noise ratio spectra of faint sneia, at high-spanking-point, are available, luminous sneia may masquerade as sneia. However, the first problem is that unwanted non-sneia sneia use up precious telescope resources for follow-up spectroscopy. First, as unneeded non-ia sneia take up precious telescope resources for follow-up spectroscopy. Second, when only faint sneia are available, luminous sneia may masquerade as sneia. The latter problem is more acute at higher sneia. The following spectra of sne – ia, at Xmath96 – have been revealed, and there is evidence to show that this object is indeed a sne – it is a fortnight old object. – as a result, it is clearly marked as an sne – for at least a month. If you examine the color–color diagram for the appropriate redshift (Xmath96, see below) one can ascertain the kind and age of the object – in other words, one can determine the type and age of the item in question. Figure 7 also demonstrates that most of the information at this redshift can be obtained from the redshift’s hue alone, and the inclusion of the xmath12 band information does not seem cost-effective. In fact, it is true that rising (pre-maximum) sneic have hues in a manner similar to those of older (post-maximum) sneia, but even the most basic variation information (e.g. whether the object is rising or falling) merely insinuates this degeneracy. The spectra of the sneia of this age, as can be seen from the diagram, are clearly the results of a sneia of a month old. This age, which was discovered on 15 octember 2001 by vandenberk et al. So, as we have already mentioned, multi-color wide field surveys (e.g., becker et al. 2001, jannuzi et al. 2001, sdss york et al. 2000) can be used to discover large numbers of sne using the same methods. These methods are necessary for the classification of sne by their color. However, in this paper, the methods developed in this paper can be used to identify the colours only. To more accurately represent the regions of the color space, namely the absolute peak magnitudes and their scatter, the typical light curves and the relative rates of the different sn types, are useful. Furthermore, the characteristics of the different sn types, most importantly the absolute peak magnitudes and their scatter for every sn type, the typical light curves and the relative rates of the different sn types, are useful. In order to determine the exact number of sne in a region, one could use the maximum magnitude of the survey to determine in which time a sne of a certain type spends the most time, and to deduce the likelihood that an observed event belongs to a particular type. Such approaches, as already mentioned, were applied to the detection of another type of transient phenomenon, a gamma-ray burst (rhoads 2001). as already mentioned, in these lines have been developed by dg2002. After the Sdss website (http://www.sdss.org/ documents /5-year-baseline.pdf) , it is estimated that, in the five-year period, the whole patch of sky is surveyed, or about 4 times per year, on average, over a five-year period. according to the sdss website (http://www.sdss.org / documents/5-year-baseline.pdf) , this area of 270 square degrees will be surveyed every year, for five years, or about 4 times in the fall, or on average, every year, in five years. if this sampling enables the discovery of all sne that occur in the last five years, this area will be surveyed every year, and the total area surveyed is at xmath103 deg - months, or 337 - years - years. The numbers of all types (not just sne) will undoubtedly be higher. - Miknaitis et al. (2001) - a remarkable observation has been made of the sne found in the southern strip - in the month of september to November, when the primary target of the sne is not visible, the sne telescope observes the sky in the South Pole. We thank all the people in the ' v. f. group at the university of california, berkeley's group, especially a . . . barth, r. chornock, l. c. ho, and j. c. he. This work proves that spectroscopy is not always a necessary requirement for sne to be a valuable scientific resource, and lays the foundations for the exploitation of large samples of sne for which such a study may not be possible. In conclusion, we have presented a method for the classification of sne, based on multi-color broadband optical analysis. We have shown that the type of a sn can be uniquely determined in certain cases. When this is not the case, constraints can still be drawn on the type. We have shown that the type of a sn can be uniquely determined in some cases. We have also shown that sneia may be distinguished from core-streaked sne during a long period of evolution, for most of the redshifts and filters studied. This work proves that the need for spectroscopic follow-up is not always necessary for sne to be a valuable scientific resource, and sets the foundations for the exploitation of large sne samples for which such follow-up is not possible. Finally, we have presented our method to a recently discovered sn from the sdss, and show how this method can become a valuable tool for the analysis of large samples expected to emerge from this or other programs that are already active or that will be soon launched. Bécker, m. , brett, j. m. , brett, j. m. ; 575-775-707-béguet, d. f. is grateful for the financial support of nsf grants ast9417213 and ast9987438, as well as of the guggenheim foundation. In addition, the records of the astronomy, particularly of licks, were obtained. 868 ; also see also http: /telecommunications , bell-Labs. com/Team . . . to the . . . a and b. .1990 , 1116 , 164 a and b. 1979, a & b. , 72, 214 rosino, l. 1978, a and b. . , ciatti, f., rosino, l. 1979, a & a , ciatti, f. . . , rosino, l. 1979, a , a , 72 , 290 b. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . a. 1996, a. b., mnras, 325, 907 fassia, a. et al. , 2000 , pasp, 94, 715 filippenko, a. v. 1997, ara & a, 35, 309 filippenko, a. v., barth, a . j., bower, g. c., ho, l. c ., string-fellow, g. c ., goodrich, r. w., porter, a . . . 2000 , iau circ . 7714 filippenko, a. v., chornock, r . . 2001, iau circ . 7754 filippenko, a. v., li, w . d . treffers, r . r . , modjaz, m. 2001, iau circ . . . Mr. Gerdysse, l. m., reiss, d. j., sadler, e. m., schmidt, b. p., stubbs, c. w . 2001, iau circ. 7405 gi-gi-gi-gi-gi , gi-gi-gi-gi-gi-gi , gi-gi-gi-gi-gi-gi-gi , gi-gi-gi-gi-gi-gi-gi-gi, stubbs, c. w . . . - k - i - k - et - - apj, 113 , 1342 kirshner, r. p. , kwan, k - - , kirshner, r. p. , m. - szkody, p. , j. v., filippenko, a. v., barth, a. k - r. - - r. , riess, a. g., hu, j - j - hu, j - , qiu, y - c. - li , w - et al. - aj - submitted li , w - filippenko, a. v . treffers, r. r - - treffers, r - p - hu, j - , qiu, y - li, w - et al. a phillips, m. m., lira, p., suntzeff, n. b., schommer, r. a., schommer, r. a., tammann, g. a. 2000, a pj, 540, 634 patat, f., et al. 1997 a pj, 483 , 565 perlmutter, s., et al. 1997 a pj, 483 , 565 perlmutter, s., et al. 2000, a pj, 117, 736 reiss, d., germany, l. m., schmidt, b.p., st., 7953 qiu , y., li , w ., qiao, qiao, q . , hu, j . . “Tree-thai” , d. p., & Davis , m. , 978 sullivan, m., ellis, r., nugent, p., smail, i. , & madau, p. , 1993 , apj, 432, 466 schmidt, b. p. , et al. 1994 , apj, 507, 46 stoughton, c., et al. 1994 , apj, 432, 42 schmidt, b. p., et al. 1992 , mnras, 244 , 269 schmidt, b. p. , kirshner, r. p. , smail, i . , a madau, p. o. 0060 & 1 , 6 & iin & 1998s & 13 . 0050 & 2 , 6 & iin & 1998s & 13 . 0060 & 1 , 6 & iin & 1998s & 13 . 0060 & 1 , 6 & iin & 1998s & 13 . 0059 & 1 , 6 & iin & 1990s & 12 . 0060 & 1 , 6 & 9 - ic & 1994 t & 12 . 0060 & 1 , 6 - iin & iin & 1998s & 7 . 0069 & 3 , 4 , 0 . 0085 & 1 , 6 - ii - ii - c & c - o c , p & n , ii - ii - , t - , t - t -