To make the magnetic field inhomogeneous opens up a wide variety of interesting effects and applications, from the magnetic superlattices and magnetic waveguides, to the magnetic circuits in the hall. The results of these experiments are later interpreted in a classical model of the barrier, which shows that there are large, equilateral drifts at the edge of the barrier and elastic scattering at the top of the barrier, which encloses the resistance to finite values. Currently, magnetic barriers have received renewed interest due to their potential to be tunable spin filters and detectors, both of which are highly desirable spintronic devices. In the traditional diagram, the magnetic barrier is shown to be invariably swarmed in a two-dimensional ejectacle. In the classical picture, magnetic barriers are viewed as selective transmitters that selectively receive electrons according to their angle of incidence. This is surprising, considering the elementary structure and the simplicity of the barrier, it is surprising that only a few experimental experiments have been made on such systems. A cycle of electrical and magnetic fields was measured at the base by water–jet chemical etching. A cycle of electrical and magnetic fields was measured by means of a fluorometric stiffness bar — Figure 3—supposing that it had a thickness of xmath5 —was established by the present study. The experimental results were given in sections ii and iii, and the semi-classical model and its application to our investigation is given in section iv. We summarized the study and remarked on the following: the study is made in the following way: in sections iv and iv the results of the experiments are discussed, and the semi-classical model, and its application to our measurements, is discussed. These results were made by means of the experimental results of ii and iii, while the semi-classical model and its application to our study are dealt with in Section iv. Hence, in order to support this influencing mechanism, we have constructed ferromagnetic films of dysprosium which has a particularly high axial strength of @ xmath2 , and a large pore area of vortex at xmath2 . The sample instrument was equipped with a rotating holder, so that the magnetic field could be oriented in the x-z plane with an accuracy of over x-math18 degrees. The z-factory component of the fringe field, which is in the x-direction, is also strongly localized at the edge of the dy in the x-direction and forms the barrier. This effect was given as a weak and almost parabolic magnetoresistivity. — in this case the diffusion of hall voltage was also regarded as the reflection of the parallel magnetic field. In addition to the multiplicity of b, the effective mass of the electron was slightly anisotropic. — augmented b also magnetizes the dy film in the x-direction. The density of the ungated electrons is @ xmath12, and the mobility at a temperature of xmath8 is @ xmath13, which corresponds to a drude scattering time of @ xmath14 and an elastic mean free path of @ xmath15. The quantum scattering time was calculated from the envelope of the shubnikov-de-haas oscillations at xmath16. Moreover, the electrons' effective mass becomes slightly anisotropic. . . . [7]) the power of which is derived from the voltage measured between the two contacts (fig. 1), with a locking-in amplifier. the magnetic permeability is obtained from the voltage measured between the contacts 2 and 3 (fig. 1); the hall voltage is measured between the contacts 4 and 8 by a lock-in amplifier. . . . this indicates that the magnetic property of the dy film which is most relevant to the coercive magnetic field at xmath29 is at least partially contained in the magnetoresistance of the dy film, the halo, which is measured over a large area at 2deg. figure 2 shows a typical magnetoresistance measurement of the dy film taken at sample a. . the traces are hysterical, reflecting the magnetization of the dy film (figure 2A) . . . that is, we disregard the halo in the following. . . . we assume in the following discussion that the magnetic barriers at both edges of the dy platelet are in the same sense different from one another . . . at the coercive magnetic fields at xmath30 , xmath29 has minima which correspond to the high accuracy the magnetoresistance outside the dy film measured over an identical distance . It was found that the hall resistance of the magnetic barrier, as pictured in Fig. 1 (mb1) was measured at xmath33, a coherence of the perimeter between the room’s contact holes 4, 8—i.e., around xmath33, we obtained a diffusion-mode hall factor of xmath33. It was found, in our case, that the magnetic barrier on top of our room’s cross was sufficiently characterized by the Ballistic Model, though the mean free path of the magnetic probes was still smaller than the mean free path. We attribute this effect to the proximity of the voltage probes (@xmath34) to the magnetic barrier, over which the electrons emitted by the probes may not yet form a fermisphere, although the probes are about eight elastic mean free paths from the barrier. We assume that the hall resistance of the magnetic barrier, as depicted in Figure ——— is assumed by us to be at least as large as @xmath39, but our measured @xmath39 is of a dielectric nature, so that it is not at all bound by 1 in our view. As we know, the Intermediate-Range Model is not quite the same as the former, and, to our knowledge, the intermediate-Range Model is not well equipped. In our case, the fwhm of our barrier is no larger than @xmath40 and thus much smaller than the mean free path, and the maximum magnetic field multiplied by the velocity of electrons [29] has the force of the maximum magnetic field multiplied by the distance [31] of the electrons [30], and since the maximum magnetic field is multiplied by the electric Thence, as temperature increases, the resistance of the barrier decreases. The growth of the barrier is related to a decrease in the circumference of the dy sphere and the increase in the circumference of the dy sphere. The slackness of the dy sphere and the diminution of its substructure is also due to the commingling of the dy sphere. We calculate the magnetic resistance of the barrier from the data of fig. a minor hysteresis is observed at the curie temperature of the dy sphere at xmath46. a slight hysteresis is observed even above the literature value for the curie temperature, @xmath46. A special analysis is made of the billiard-scale of the conductor of some quasi-ballistic conductors and the landauer-bttiker formalism. at the same time the energy of the resistors is reduced, and the maximum value of the resistor decreases, but at the same time the magnetic permeability of the barrier is reduced, as we will explain later. In our analysis the friction coefficients of the barrier, given by the change in temperature, have been made from the theory of billiard-like conductors, Xcite, and the formalism of the Landauer-bttiker formalism Xcite . This inverse reaction is derived from the differential equations of the classical motion of the electrons and determines its trajectories until either it is rejected by the barrier and crosses the starting line in the opposite direction, or it passes through the barrier and passes to the x-position to its right . This distance, @x-position, is _distribution_ is known to form an approximate gaussian distribution of scattering angles . . . if we assume an gaussian distribution of scattering angles . . . in the closed regime, the angle between the initial and the final velocity vector of the electron is varied by the same distribution function as in the closed regime. . . . for each magnetic field, 40000 electrons of fermi energy . . . in our model, the time intervals between two subsequent scattering events form a poisson distribution with an expectation of xmath55. In our experiment, the angle between the initial and the final electron velocity vector is changed according to the distribution function described above. . . . although the angles for the resistance are somewhat higher at small fields, they are still lower at closed ones. we observe that the electron density under the dy film may be different from the density under the cr/au gate, as a consequence of different schotky barriers. This distribution is exactly the proportions of the observed values for xmath52 and xmath57. There are large symbols in the figure which represent the critical energy for which an infinitely extended barrier in a ballistic system will close (the corresponding energy-dependent conductance for xmath73 is shown in the inset). In this case, the numerical results closely approximate the analytical expression xcite, and reproduce the critical angle of incidence for which the magnetic barrier closes to an accuracy of 1 degree . . . , for example, with the experimental trace of fig. 2 (open line), we obtain the longitudinal resistance of a magnetic barrier, for a given carrier density, from xmath68 . . . . , the magnetic field, with a corresponding electric field, is about xmath10 , so that the corresponding electric field is about xmath70 . . . . . in this case the numerical result closely resembles the analytical expression xcite and reproduces the critical angle of incidence for which the magnetic barrier closes to a precision of one degree. In the figure above, a series of symbols corresponds to the critical energy which the infinitely extended barrier in a ballistic system closes (the corresponding corresponding energy dependent conductance is shown in the inset) . . . in the upper axis , with a very large surface in the figure, the magnetoresistivity of the 2deg is not included in the measured value . . . For an infinitely extended closed magnetic barrier in a disordered system, the resistance is also finite by the disturbance of the barrier region, as shown in fig. mb4 (a) in our simulations, this value is interpreted as an upper limit, according to measurements of the steepness of the confining walls, Xcite, and in agreement with the consideration that the possibility of an increase in the order of xmath74 cannot occur over a length smaller than the perimeter of the barrier. This effect is the sole reason for the finite resistance of the closed system, so long as there is no disturbance of the barrier. In our simulations, we have assumed an electric field of Xmath70 , this value can be taken to be an upper limit, based on the measurement of the steepness of the confining walls, Xcite, and on the assumption that, in the absence of scattering, the barrier will reject an electron, which, in the absence of scattering, would be rejected by the barrier. We note, however, that in this simulation, the only variable parameter is the distribution of the diffusing angle, which is set by the constraints imposed on the boundary. The radius of the calculated resistance is a field that does not exceed xmath69. The shape of the measurement line is reproduced, but its absolute value differs by up to 30 %. In comparing this with the experimental data of fig. mb4 (a), we note that the numerical plot for xmath29, which takes only the scattering into account but ignores the edge effects, is in disagreement with the experimental data. We have adduced the energy dependent conductance of Xmath77 in the presence of varying the energy of Xmath78. Thus, in Xmath78 the conductance is obtained at non-zero temperatures, by the equation . . . where Xmath79 denotes the diffusion function . . . Hence the change in xmath29 with temperature is in addition, as a matter of fact, only a result of the temperature dependence of the scattering times . . . . . but the same relation is also established in an analytic study of the infinitely long open magnetic barrier of a ballistic 2deg. . . . in a ballistic 2deg . . . in the present experiment, whose velocity is . . . in a z-shape, the thickness of the ferromagnet is . . . . This effect, in a nutshell, could in principle be avoided by preparing a thin, homogeneous metal insulator between the semiconductor surface and the ferromagnet. . . . . So we conclude that the changes of xmath29 with temperature are, as a rule, directly connected with the temperature dependence of the ferromagnet. There are other properties, which contribute to the reduction of the resistance of the barrier, and which add to it the nature of the magnetic polarization. We have also investigated the resistance of magnetosel barriers, bidirectional and metallic in the quasi-ballistic domain, in the quasi-ballistic domain. It is seen that the resistance of the barrier in the quasi-ballistic domain is due to a scattering in the barrier region, but is below xmath84 for all magnetic fields. We have also analyzed the resistance of the magnetic barrier in the quasi-ballistic zone, as a function of in-line magnetic fields, in a semiclassical model, and we find that the finite resistance in the closed regime comes from both elastic scattering in the barrier region and from the transmission of Xmath0 with the edges of the doorway. It is found numerically that the current's spin polarization increases with the increase in the barrier height, but it is below xmath84 for all magnetic fields. , we conclude that the transmission of the edge tends to increase the current's polarization. Finally, we added the magnetic mass effects of the strong parallel magnetic field Xcite, and find that they are negligible in our parameter range. Also, the results show how the resistance induced by the barrier can be increased, which may be of interest if we want to observe quantum effects such as tunneling, twilight tunneling, or polarization. This is furthermore, the barrier magnetoresistance is not sensitive to thermal smearing, spin polarization and magnetic mass effects. The manuscript was read to a very high degree, and there was a discussion with hengyi xu.