Moreover, the study of the shadow bands, the temperature-dependent pseudogap in the underdoped state, and the considerable doping dependency of the quasiparticle band structure, leave no doubt that a simple, single particle description is fundamentally inadequate for these materials. And recent advances in photoelectron spectroscopy have resisted the obvious truth of the fermi surface of cuprate superconductors—that is, that the surface of the lda band is only the site of the particle band of lda, with the only effect of the proximity of the hubbard insulator being the moderate, insignificant, substrate of the band width. The discovery of the shadow bands, the temperature dependent pseudogap in the decipherable state, and the considerable concentration of the quasiparticle band structure in the underdoped state, leave little doubt that the basic property of the single-particle description is very fundamentally inadequate for these materials. We are motivated by these developments, and have performed a detailed diagonalization study of the electron removal spectrum in 1d and 2d. It is written as Xmath7 by the electron operators, and Xmath9 by the spin operator on the site. Xmath11 is an electron repulsion spectrum. This model reads Xmath7 in one of the constrained fermions, and Xmath9 by the spin operator , this is the complete electron repulsion spectrum . . . The geometry of Xmath0 by Xmath1 is also formulated in the limit Xmath15 by Xmath15, and this value of Xcite makes it possible to calculate the spectral function . . . for a few finite clusters, it can be computed numerically by the lanczos algoritm Xcite . . . Let us first examine the numerical results in order to gain an intuitive idea of the scaling properties of the elementary excitations in 1d, which will become useful also in 2d. , which is to say, the excitations of -sent> (the excitations of -sent>), that is, of excitations of -sent> (that is, of excitations of -sent> . a naive explanation for this remarkable property is the "decomposition" of a hole in a nel ordered spin sphere, into an uncharged, charged, -sent> domain wall and a charged, -sent> domain wall. In order to make mathematical observations, we first need to calculate the scaling of elementary excitations in 1d, which can be used in 2d, too. The charge part of the wave function (i.e., the “holons”), has the xmath0 energy scale, whereas the charge part (i.e., the “spinons”) have the xmath2 energy scale. The other indices show, however, that these two types of excitations do not exist in free particles. The dynamical density correlation function (DDC), which corresponds to the particle-hole excitations of holons and gives the sharp peak at xmath20 in 1d, is virtually incoherent in 2d and shows virtually no sharp peak. That is to say, it is possible, as we will see, to establish some similarities and differences between the spectra of both cylinders. The optical conductivity in 2d is not quite coherent and of a high energy, with a energy scale xmath2 ... xcite. This is entirely unexpected for the current operator, which is operating on charge degrees of freedom. The higher kinetic energy is represented by a certain distance from a hole, like a light wave, in a local cloud of light. To the advantage of our readers, we have inferred that the most striking difference between the cylinders in 1d and 2d is a strong and attractive interaction between spinon' and holon', which leads to a band of bound states, namely simple spins and holons, corresponding to the doped holes. It is also quite clear numerically that the hole, like low-energy excitations, can be described by very good approximation as spins, spinse  spinbags, spinbags  spin bags' " – that is, a phase-filled free electron band surrounded by a fermi level at Xmath24. Figure [fig. 2] shows the electron removal spectrum for the Xmath22 ring. - As a result, the equation is explained in terms of the low-energy physics of the system, that is, the true spin-charge separation, as in a 1d system, is impossible. In this case, we shall describe the theory of the 1d model for the quarter-filled at half-filling. There is a one-pointed band of peaks, connecting by a thin line, whose energies in relation to the single-hole state at xmath23 - xmath13 - xmath24 are practically unchanged, under variations of xmath0 , i.e., those states have a square root at xmath2. As a remarkable fact, this “band” suddenly disappears half-way in the brillouin zone, i.e., there are no peaks whose energy is with @xmath2 in the area of xmath23 - xmath13 - xmath24 ... , that is, to the extremely accurate estimation of the energy scale of these states, namely, xmath0. in addition to this xmath2 band, there are also several groups of peaks whose activation indicates a very systematic progress with xmath0 .. the states which fall on this axis correspond to the creation of a spinon with momentum xmath24 . . . which, however, is rather remarkable, since at half filling the form does not allow for inverse photoemission. In this mixture of states with different energies one can clearly see in the 2 3 3 2 2 2  , 1 2  ,  . . , which is based on the equation of =, which has an excellent approximation in =. Hence the re-telling of the re-verberation of the whole spectra, and the application of it to a fractal spectra can be questioned. It would seem, therefore, that, in this case, not only re-verberation but also all spinner momentum may serve as the starting point for a complete line of peaks, which trace out the full holon dispersion. But if the spinner momentum is fixed, that is, it merely trace out the holon dispersion. [53] [54] where the entire width of the spectrum is shown, and we have chosen the zero of energy at the excitation energy of either the highest reverberation energy of the top reverberation energy at @xmath30 (left panel) or the highest reverberation energy at @xmath31 (right panel) . This is because of this selection of the zero of energy, and the power at xmath6 of the spinon is . . . (62) We have also verified that by pointing out the peak of the spinons in Xm xmath3 the total holon band has been found to be complete. . . . We have thus inferred the following construction for the spectral function: the foundation of the entire construction is the half-filled spinon band with dispersion in Xm xmath35. This is indicated by the thick dashed line in Fig. . . then, each @xm xm point of this band acts as the basis for a complete holon band at xm ... then, each @xm36 point of this band provides the foundation for a complete holon band at xmath36. As already said, the first holon band is shifted by the fermi force of the spinon, so that its dispersion near the band minimum at xm33 is visible in Fig. . . . . as expected, the first holon band is shifted by the spinon’s fermi force, @xmath30, so that its dispersion is near the band maximum at xmath33 . . . "Second, there are some deviations at high energies, which, however, are probably the result of a lack of the lanczos spectrum, which is highly accurate only at low excitation. There are some deviations at higher energies, which are, however, most probably due to the deficiency of the lanczos spectrum, which are highly accurate only at low energy. In addition, the holon bands in fig. (b) have been slightly shifted, that is, they are not precisely pressed to the spinon band, but rather rather at their maximum; we have verified this change with the indication of a whirlwind-shape at different chains, so that it is most probably a finite effect. Besides, the holon bands in fig. (b) have been slightly shifted, that is, not at the maximum, but at the same time not precisely pressed – we have proved that this movement has a finite magnitude, so that it must be a finite effect. “In the thermodynamic limit the density of the bands increases, and simultaneously the spectral weight decreases, which makes a contradictory continuing. Compared with the exact results of sorella and parola for the case Xmath15 Xmath16 Xmath17, it is evident that the outermost holon band in our calculations, originating from the spinon fermi momentum, is a cusp—like singularity of the spectral weight . . . Sorella and Parola found that the excitation energy of the dispersioning cusp was xmath40, which corresponds to a hopping, diagonally disposed neighborly hop . . . And since we have now shown that the whole electron removal spectrum obeys a very simple principle of construction, it will remain this way for all times and frequencies. analyzing the spectrum of spins and hawks, you can easily identify the branches of states which trace out the dispersion of the real elementary eddies of the particle, namely the collective spin and charge eddies. The spectra indicated here are the ones indicated by the common @xmath38 band, the largest band in which we can calculate the electron removal spectrum also in the powdered se> band. the spinons and hawks are both consistent with the simple nearest neighbouring bands, and the hawks have a half-filled fermi surface . We proceed to the 2d model, and, finally, to the case of -filling . The right panel of fig. 3 shows the photoemission spectrum for this cluster, at half-filling. Thus, we again focus on the energy within a few @xmath2 at the peak of the band and measure the energy in units of @xmath2 . then, the left panel of fig. 3 is a photoemission spectrum of this cluster at half-filling; thus, we again focus on the energy within a few @xmath2 from the top of the band and measure the energy in units of @xmath2. an unusual feature is the peak at the peak of @xmath46, whose relative energy decreases rather than increases with the peak of @xmath0 . . . however, the observation shows that the  1imonmonmomosonade, is quite weak . . . It can be shown as an equation, where xmath47 is a numerical constant, the relationship between the hole and the best approximation can be written as a proportion @ xmath44, where xmath16 is a numerical constant. This is possible because a hole in a 2d system has two different ways of propagating, one of which is by string truncation, which produces an effective hopping integral @ xmath19 @ xmath2; and the other way around, by hopping along the spiral paths, which produces (easier) an effective hopping integral @ xmath19 @ xmath0 , this result is explained by the fact that the ratio in this direction is with @ xmath0. comparing 1d with 1d, we note that, except for the exception /sent>, the dispersion on this line is proportionate with @ xmath0. We turn to the right panel of fig. 4 (b) , which shows the whole width of the spectra, and the energies measured in units of xmath0 . The first thing to see is that the spectra generally are more diffuse than in x1, with sharp points only at the top of the spectra (except for one relatively sharp peak at xmath49) . . . and although these peaks are quite broad, so that it is not really meaningful to describe their centers of gravity, their centres of gravity are roughly defined by the expression xmath50 , which resembles the dispersion of the holon-cusp, such as the sorella and parola in xcite. . . . There is strong numerical evidence that this is the character of the low-energy states in 2d at low doping. . . . But if you think that a bound state of spinon and holon is formed, it must be a spin-bag like spin, in 2d, a hole made of spin excitations. And such a bound state of spinon and holon must be the spin-bag like spin, like spin, fermion, i.e. a hole largely covered by spin excitations. . . . there is strong numerical evidence that Xcite is indeed the character of the low-energy states in 2d, at low doping. But it is not unreasonable, but, indeed, expected that . . . however, that this 'bound state' corresponds to the 'xmath2' band (which has a little contribution in the direction of the spiral-path mechanism) . The band of quasiparticles in this picture is not coherently propagating, for it is bound to the much slower spinon by the linearly ascending string potential. As a result, the holon-like pair of holons does not have a coherent propagating propagating excitation, because it is bound by the linearly rising string potential. This picture fits nicely with the diffuse character of the density correlation function in 2d, at xcite: this function, which in a tll should be aimed at measuring the response of free holons, in 2d has almost exclusively diffuse high energy peaks, and almost no sharp low energy peaks. Moreover, the unexpected appearance (in the context of spin charge separation) of xmath2 as an energy scale in the optical conductivity can also be interpreted in terms of the dipole-excitations of the polarized spinon and the holon pair. I will show you how the figure [fig5] shows the spectral function of the ring of @xmath22 in the area xmath26 in the area xmath26 in xmath26 shows the nominal fermi momentum at xmath4 at xmath13 at xmath52 (i.e., halfway between xmath31 and xmath24) and the spinon band extends up to this momentum. As was the case at half-filled filling, other peaks display a systematic progression of their energy, and changing the unit of energy to xmath0 (left panel) again makes a nearly complete holon band visible at which these peaks belong. Figure [fig] shows the spectral structure of the ring of the fermions at the site of xmath22. The formation of bound states of spinon and holon, resulting in a split-off band of spin-sack, explains this in a natural way. Besides, the holon band has the same form as the full-field grained band, but this time the top of the parabola around the @xmath23 @xmath13 @xmath24 is missing. The holon band seems to be a refolded band of light — its tight-linked dispersion is very similar to the holon band — in addition there is a dispersionless low-energy band at the zero excitation of the energy, and it corresponds to the spinon band of the #xmath16_Gather_. 1015 this picture of the spectral function fits very well with the recently calculated results of the limit 15_Gather___ in the limit 15_Gather__ ___. , the solid state for infinite-energy-0 is defined by two branches. The first is the major axis, which touches xmath3 at xmath4, and the second is the shadow axis, which touches xmath3 at xmath5 . . . the fermi level crossings in these two axis may be considered to produce the well-known (subordinate) singularities in the electron momentum distribution xmath57 at xmath4 and xmath5 of ogata and shiba. . . . . , which are found in ogata and shiba. The numerical analysis of the particle distribution gives a peculiar feature of the tll, namely, a pauli exclusion principle which holds for both spinons and holons: the dispersions of both types of excitations become incomplete after the injection, i.e., the surface of the holon surface shrinks as if the holons were spinless fermions, and simultaneously the top of the holon band is 'cut off' as if the holons were spinless fermions. , these two parallel singularities enclose a hole of length xmath61, as one would expect from holes corresponding to fermions of a spinless kind. For a more quantitative analysis of the fermions, we observe that the fermi momentum for the concentration of the hole in xmath58 is xmath59 . this momentum the first branch of low energy recitations reaches xmath3 . for small recitations, the second branch of low energy recitations rises to xmath3 at xmath60. This is particularly relevant for the faubourg decoupling for boson mean fields, since even this approximation cannot be able to reproduce the excitation spectrum even qualitatively in advertent d, the only diffraction at which spin-charge separation can be established. The spectral function of the doped case follows the same building principle as for the half-filled case, with the only difference being that the occupied spinon or holon momenta are no longer available for constructing the final states. — Let us note from the very beginning that for some very simple technical reason the situation is more unfavorable in this case. – From a more symmetrical angle of 2d the single holon pockets are arranged such that their inner edges at @xmath64 form the volume of the mass of the space between the two marginal singularities. The lower charges of the pulse, which might be attributed to a particle holon, have a wave vector @xmath62, i.e., the holon pockets have a diameter of @xmath63, precisely the distance between the two marginal singularities. And we also see that in the first panel (left-hand panel), the energy estimates are measured in units of xmath2 . It is possible, however, that in this open-shell situation, in particular, that multiplet effects can occur, and it is generally unpredictable which of the electrons are occupied and which of the non-occupied (that is, for example, for a liquid , but it is probably also true for other effective particles ) . Moreover, if we consider these with this in mind, one can not expect a correspondingly patterned and lucid picture as in d. . . . but in 2d, where a unique relationship exists between electron density and fermi momentum, the electron numbers in small 2d clusters correspond to open shell configurations with extremely degenerate ground states for non-interacting particles . In a confined-shell configuration, multiplet effects are assured, so that it is very unforeseeable in general which momenta are engaged and which are not (this holds for a liquid, but for other 'effective' particles too) Hear-quod, hear-quod, hear-quod ... [70] The case is not entirely clear, for the peak at Xmath69 is so close to Xmath68 that it is not quite clear whether it is relative to Xmath2 or xmath0. And the topmost peak at Xmath70 and Xmath71 enviably follows this, i.e., their relative Xmath energy to the peak at Xmath68 scales with xmath1 ... [48] , but the proportions are not quite clear. The excitation energy of the topmost peak at Xmath69 and xmath71 are not entirely clear (indeed, the peak at Xmath70 is a little off), so that it is not quite clear if the difference in their energy difference scales with xmath2 or with xmath0 ... (See fig. 5.) ; and it is notable that, although the energies of the @xmath42 mesh are coarse, the data are consistent with a @xmath2 band, which dispenses with the interior of the antiferromagnetic brillouin zone and a @xmath0 band, which dispenses with the outer part, that is to say, the same as in 1d. Besides, a number of diffuse  features, with energies of $xmath72 and $xmath73, can be distinguished by the dashed line. As for the content of the features, which are moreover dispersed than the features at xmath0, there is, moreover, the most significant difference between them is that the features at xmath0 are all very diffuse, at least for at xmath19, at xmath74 and at xmath75 . . . the same as in 1d. And a second unexpected feature of the @xmath38 site cluster was that for the spectra in 1d (and for those in 2d, for instance) the most intense @xmath0 band always seemed to originate from the highest peak of the photoemission. But this is an exception of the order @xmath46, where a very well defined peak is not observed). Changing the units of energy to the units of energy, we see the usual situation: the peak at the top of the States at xmath77 and xmath78 are aligned (though @ xmath25 @ xmath13 @ xmath26 again slightly deviates), while several other peakes appear to be following the line @ xmath0 (there is a particular exception for xmath46, where a well defined peak is not observed). As we have mentioned earlier, we can only speculate that this unusual behaviour is due to, e.g., the multiplet effects that have been mentioned above. But we can also see that the spectra at @xmath46 are quite different from the spectra at @xmath66 and @xmath38, because the significance of the finite size is more apparent. The spectra at @xmath46 are very different, too. Supposedly, in the case of the spectra at xmath66 and @xmath38, the shadow band', having xmath0 as its energy, is more dense than in 1d. . Indeed, if we put the xmath bands in the spectrum of the @xmath66 and math38 site clusters in a sentence, I would suggest that these unusual features are the result of a multiplicity of the axis effects. No example of this except for the direct high energy band of the figure in Figure 7 - the one marked by the dashed line in fig 7. A more striking feature of this analysis is that the energy band at xmath79 was not centered on xmath80 - this is tempting to speculate that it is indeed Xmath80 , as one might expect from the picture of Gutzwiller. But in the above case, we have not found any standardised bands, no series of peaks of a systematic scale . . ., that is to say, there are no single sharp peaks at all , but a mass of smaller, densely spaced small peaks . . . the reason is that for a certain period of time there are no sharp peaks, but rather a great number of small, densely spaced peaks. In addition, we have been unable to find any definite, labeled bands, or groups of peaks that show a systematic scaling of their effervescence energy . . . but we have done this for the xmath82 site cluster, with xmath83 holes, and we find no indication of the energy scale But even so, we note that the shadow band has @xmath0 as the energy scale. This is significant, for the shadow band, as a matter of fact, in principle having the value of @xmath0, but in reality it has a very weak dispersion, so that the structure of the band in the doped case is practically identical to that of the undoped system. We also note that the fact that the shadow band has @xmath0 as the energy scale has deep implications for its interpretation: in bi2212 it was proposed to represent the hollow spectrum as a dynamical replica’ of the main band, whose antiferromagnetic spin is hardly magnetic . The presence of the sun and the presence of the antiferromagnetism of the underdoped xcites has led us to think that this might be because of the fact that the antiferromagnetism of these compounds is quite strong. Therefore, we believe that the sun and the shadow are distinct branches of excitations, probably the most comparable states to those which produce the xmath5 singularity in 1d systems. In the previous sections, we have examined the emission spectrum of the excitation spectrum for the one and two-dimensional xmath0 xmath1 xmath2 model. By studying the parameter dependence of the spectra, we could in 1d determine the branches of states that trace out the dispersions of the elementary excitations, the spinons and the hololiths. , both the relatively accurate and physically different spectrums of the excitations, suggest entirely different propagation routes for the two types of excitations. No Matter what a cone is a dome, a dome is a dome of a dome. The dome of the dome is a dome of two walls. ... They are of the same elementary type, but with a different width of bands: that of the spinons is of the order of xmath19 and that of the holons is of the order of xmath19 , which is of the order of xmath0. - In the outer half of the brillouin zone, there are only states with the order of xmath0 . In the brillouin zone, there are only states which have the order of xmath0 in their energy. In the thermodynamic limit, these bands degenerate into convexities' and merge at xmath3 . But in our finite structures it is not sufficient to express a view of very low energy shocks. The positions of the singularities in the electron momentum distribution as measured by exact solutions clearly indicate that the two branches of states touch @ xmath3. It is thought that the two specialities are enclosing a hole of depth @ xmath85, essentially the image of the holon fermi surface. The matter is a matter of spin-like bag-like quasiparticles as the numerical evidence has shown. This case is somewhat more complex, and, however, there is a less clear view of the situation. The physics of these two groups, however, is that of the spin-charged, small states of excitation. The strong attraction between spin and charge excitations, most probably due to the well-known string effect, is bending the bound state of the holon and the spin-on states. The numerical emission spectrum shows that the emission is a good analogy with 1d, in that there is an enumerable central  main band with an energy of @ xmath2 dispersed in the inner part of the brillouin zone, and a low intensity  shadow band with an energy of @ xmath0 dispersed in the outer part of the brillouin zone (see Figure [fig. 7]). In addition, the enumeration of the shadow band is much weaker, i.e., while the energy of the enumeration is @ xmath0, it has a very small factor (of the order of the hole concentration) . Only in the # xmath66_ band can be seen a diffuse band with energy of @ xmath0 in the inner part of the brillouin zone . . . in contrast to 1d, the dispersion of the shadow band is much weaker, i.e., whereas the energy of the dispersion is @ xmath0, which has a very small prefactor (the order of the hole concentration) . We conclude by laying out a slightly speculative situation based on the assumption /sent> . we imply that the shadow band should have a somewhat different dispersion than the main band . . . our data imply that the shadow band should have a slightly different dispersion than the main band . . . and if one wants to correspond to the situation for the line of @xmath0 @xmath1 @xmath2 , it is necessary to compare this low intensity part with the 237 3 3 band dispersed downwards in the 237 2 band . . . the limitations of the clustering procedure probably prevent any meaningful quantitative calculations, but it would be interesting to see if this difference in dispersion could be experimentally confirmed. It can be argued that these two bands represent excitations which have endured throughout all temperatures and have no correlation with antiferromagnetic elements. In this case, the topology in 2d presents an interesting possibility: whereas in 1d the two classes of low-energy excitations that make up the two classes of @xmath4 and @xmath5 singularities in @xmath86 are well separated in the space of @xmath42 and @xmath84 by only simple topological explanations, the experimental data of aebi et al. indicate that the main and shadow band are at certain points in the brillouin zone (see fig. , left panel) . . . without noticing the small difference in dispersion between the main and shadow band, one could calculate the lowest-energy excitation spectrum by the effective hamiltonian @xmath87, where @xmath88 is the dispersion of the main band, @xmath89 is the dispersion of the shadow band, and the @xmath90 and @xmath91 operators refer to the main and shadow bands respectively. Thus the main band of the fermi surface is dominated by the main ring at its inner edge, and the shadow band at its outer edge, and imply a very different ' visibility' in the photoemission. However, as mentioned above, the two branches of the excitation system are connected at certain points in the brillouin zone, so that, in the first place, a small mixing of the two bands, which in turn may result from the spinon-holon interaction, has a dramatic effect on the topology of the low-energy excitation spectrum. Hence, by adding the form @ xmath93, i.e., a hybridization of the two types, the small values of @ xmath94, and the gap around @ xmath44 forming a hole pocket (see left panel of fig. fig. ). Finally, we are tempting to speculate that the  pseudo gap’ is the  pseudo gap /sent> (see the left panel of fig. c . kim et al. , phys. lett. - - e . . dagotto , phys. lett. - - 71 *, 2757 (1996) . c . . la rosa et al. - preprint . . . a . . a . . d. s. marshall et al. - phys. lett. - 77 *, 4054 (1996) . e . dagotto , phys. , 66 *, 763 (1996) . ‘ bares and m. blatter, phys. b * 41 * , 8705 ‘ b . eder and y. ohta, phys. b * 41 * , 2326 ‘ b . b . eder and y. ohta, phys. b * 41 * , 8705 ‘ d . b . eder and y. ohta, phys. b * 43 * , 8705 ‘ b . eder and y. ohta, phys. b . eder and y. ohta, phys. b . . . . . . . . . l. n. bulaevskii, e. l. nagaev, and d. i. khomskii, sov. jetp. 27 *, 836 (686) . . . r. eder, y. ohta, and t. shimozato, phys . b * 49 *, 3350 ( 1994) . . . a chubukov, phys . . . b * 50 *, 3350 ( 1994) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . b . . . . - . . . . . . . . .