But as a point of departure, we assume the plasma is in thermal equilibrium (at t) with vanishing chemical potential. It has long been thought that electro-mechanical probes, real or virtual, would enable one to detect the formation of a quark-gluon plasma in ultra-relativistic heavy ion collisions. The theoretical framework is the Effective Theory with re-summed hard thermal loops (htl) @ xcite. . We will briefly discuss the state of @ xmath9 calculated up to the two-branch approximation. The rate of production, per unit time and volume, of a real photon of momentum is @ xmath1 while for a lepton pair of mass, @ xmath3, where @ xmath4 is the retarded photon polarisation tensor. Here the pre-factor @ xmath5 provides the expected exponential damping of @ xmath7. There is a certain phenomenological aspect of this. we assume the plasma in thermal equilibrium (T ) with vanishing chemical potential . the kinetics of the photons can be derived from the effective theory of the effective theory, where a series of hard thermal loops (htl) is calculated, to the re-hardened htl. , he has long known, and one can easily be expressed in simplified notation as ‘User’s Hound, ’1 which reflects the thermodynamic potential of the quark. This is easily exemplified by the example of the fermion’s Hound, ‘User’, which in bare-science is simply ‘User’ , and if the spin effect is ignored we have only to analyse dimensional calculations. The result has been known for some time and can be expressed, in simplified notation, as ‘User’s Hound,’ where ‘User’ means the thermodynamic potential of the quark. The thermal strength of the re-summed Hound is found to be a lot greater than the inverse Hound, when ‘User’ is of order – Uhd. Similarly the gluon propagator and vertices are stimulated by Uhd’s Hound, when external moments are soft ‘Uhd’ . Likewise, the thermal contribution of the Hound propagator and vertices to the one-threat correction @ xmath16 is seen to be the same as the inverse Hound propagator, when ‘Uhd’ is of order – Uhd’ . so, if you take the one-threat correction @ xmath16, you’ll see that the temperature is well below v2 , the thermal correction will give rise to a higher-order effect for higher-order moments . The results for hard photons are Xcite Xmath29. The first type gives the contribution of eq. (Eq: 1 loop) and requires a certain degree of care, as counter terms (not shown) destroy the parts of the two-circuit diagrams already contained in the one-circuit diagrams xcite . a different result of the calculation is the importance of Fig. ii in Fig. - Fig. - xmath30. In the integration of hard momentum xmath31 (with xmath32 on the shell), the denominators xmath34 and xmath35 of the un-circuit propagators almost vanish when xmath36 is parallel to xmath36 i. e. . in the collinear configuration, Xmath30 is the space of the gluon. in the integration over the loop, the hard momentum xmath31 (with xmath32, xmath33 on the shell) the denominators xmath34 and xmath35 of the un-circuit propagators almost vanish when xmath36 is parallel to xmath36 — i. e. in the collinear configuration . . . . For the model of the three-legged diagram, we can find at xcite xmath44 (Fig. 4) a large and continuous fraction of the dimensions: - xmath46 (the collinear fraction; we have already seen it), which depends on the thermal quark mass and momentum (@ xmath47), and also on external factors; - xmath48, the debye mass if the added gluon is longitudinal, or - xmath49, if it is transverse . - since the two loop and the two loop are of the same order, it is sensible to worry about the convergence of the perturbative expansion in the effective theory. The problem is similar to the magnetic mass problem elucidated by linde in the perturbative calculation of the free equilibrium , it is no longer in a state of perturbation. for the kinematic configuration, in the case of an extra longitudinal gluon, one can check that xmath50 and xmath50 act as a cut-off, and so that the three-legged contribution is suppressed by a factor xmath12 compared to the two-legged. Several effects may lower these overly optimistic predictions: lack of chemical equilibrium, and, above all, higher order corrections, which will be discussed later. It is shown in Fig. X. . The mathematical effect of resizing the poles to the complex plane is derived by means of a resonant electrostatic effect, the damping rate, @ xmath53, which is the same. Then, if the amount of the resonant electrostatic effect is large enough, the effect of the resonant electrostatic effect is negligible, and the two-stage calculations are insufficient. This is indicated by the top curve obtained with a reduced width. Suppose, for the virtual photon ( @ xmath59), the the figure showing the rise and fall of the photon, you see that the difference in the power of the resonant and the imaginary part of resonant is due to the different contribution of resonant and imaginary parts of resonant, [fig.] . the result is intuitively simple as the following equation, namely, xcite,  math54, can be interpreted, with the equation . . . the effect of math65 on math57 is shown in Fig. [fig.] . in the case of a real photon (at xmath58), the region @ xmath59 is dominated by bremsstrahlung emission, while the region @ xmath60 receives most of its contribution from the scattering process (see Fig. [fig. ] . The hard photons are produced in the plasma in a complex way. However, for real or small mass virtual photons the higher loop diagrams become necessary, and the rate turns out to be non-modulative. The problems discussed above represent an illustration of the general situation relating to the function of thermal green at the temperature close to the light-conductor . . . 1 (fig. 2 ) if the virtuality of the hard photons is large enough, then one falls in the domain @xmath72 and the perturbative calculation in the two-circuit is sufficient . . . (Thank you f. gelis, r. kobes, and h. zaraket for a fruitful collaboration on the work described above.