The study of the agn and the agn between them is discussed in sections: Prop and Staragn. In recent years, more and more studies have been accumulating about the association of agn with star formation around the central black hole. a great many studies have examined the agn around the black hole, mainly on scales of several hundred parsecs to a few hundred parsecs. In general, the studies on agn and agn occurred on different temporal and spatial scales, and observations have to be sensitive to a variety of scales, such as kappa and kappa, in general they have used scales much smaller than one centimeter. One of the main things that must be borne in mind when interpreting such results is the difference in scales. For instance, agn and kappa occur on different temporal and spatial scales, and there are special measurements of different sizes that are of different sizes . . . for example, star formation is usually studied at intervals of several kiloparsecs down to a few hundred parsecs, whereas on the other hand, the timescales of accretion are usually in the range of a few hundred parsecs. As the expression is: 'doing', the paper is about this. ' For the purpose of this study we have made it clear that the active phase of star formation in the vicinity of a black hole is a bit more complicated. The accretion of gas on an accretion is usually much less than one per cent. At the same time, by means of the developed optics, we have succeeded in obtaining the star formation properties in several objects xcite . we have employed it in an experiment to measure the properties of the nuclear star in a few objects xcite. Our experiment enables us to analyze the physics of the nuclear star in agn from the radii of a few hundred parsecs down to the smallest scales ... so that the stars at agn are directly influenced or strongly influenced by them (cf. ) in general. Our experiment can be performed at infrared wavelengths with a great deal of advantage, the optical depth being 10 times less than at optical wavelengths, so that the experiment is less susceptible to the effects of extinction which can occur in agn ... and we use adaptive optics to achieve spatial resolutions of 0 ... pcs2 , so that we are closer to the nucleus ... Using these techniques we have already analysed the properties of nuclear star formation in a few objects. In this article we compare our observations with those of five other objects. We will describe our data in detail, and we will describe our data, and we will discuss the diagnostics and models we have presently developed for the neutron star , in this respect , the main aim is to ascertain whether the nuclear star formation is even interfering with the agn and whether, finally, it is possible that the nuclear starburst and agn are one and the same. This paper is a compensation for this imbalance. That is a major advantage, since it means that seven of the nine agn are indeed broad lines, whether they are classed as type 1 or because there is clear broad (fwhm @ xmath5kms @ xmath5) br @ xmath7 emission in our spectra. The selection of the sources was influenced by technical considerations in the adaptive optics system, namely having a bright and compact nucleus that could allow accurate ao correction . in order to improve the size of the sample, we have combined some objects on which we have already published adaptive optics near infrared spectra with new observations of other targets. Then we summarize our results in [sec. 1] .. and finally we state our conclusion in [sec. 2] . The agn discussed in this paper is of a rather heterogeneous type, namely: 1 and 2 seyferts, ulirgs and even qso, and do not constitute a complete sample. Since we can see through the luminous spectra, we know that we are detecting through the nuclear zone, and therefore our results are not subject to any other observable effects. This may well be due to the growing evidence that half of the type 2 agns are located at the kpc scales, rather than in the nucleus, which may be due to the spread of stars in the xcite sphere. The almanac is a precise measure of the center of the galaxy, which it will take to be able to verify the center of agn a very good calculation, but it is extremely difficult to find the ao that is the least relevant in the field of view. The basic data on ngc7469, ngc2992, ngc1097, ngc1068 are a sample taken in November 2002 at the vlt by naco, an adaptive optics near-infrared camera, and a long-slit spectrograph, @ xcite. a summary of our observations is given in Table 1, Table 1: obs. as iras05189 is almost face on, there is no fixed axis for the slit and was oriented north-south; for ngc1068 there were two axes oriented north-south and east-west . . . for iras05189 - 2524 the slit width was 0 (which means that it had a nominal resolution of xmath8 with the wide field camera (pixel size 0 . . . . ) and with the medium resolution grism. The following data were summed up and combined with the standard slit techniques in iraf, in order to give the final h band spectrum. the data for iras05189 - 2524, and for ngc1068, 12 slits of 300sec were integrated; for ngc1068, 12 slits of 300sec were integrated at one position, and 14 slits of 200sec at the other It’s in these first steps that the following tasks are performed: first the initial objects are discarded, secondly, flattening the sky frames, thirdly, and correcting bad pixels (which are identified from dark frames and the flattening) . In this step, the initial object frames are processed into cubes, spatially shifted to align them with the bright nucleus and combined, and if the reconstructed cubes show signs of over or under-subtraction of the oh lines, they are reprocessed by the method described in @xcite. It is here that we can evaluate the spatial resolution in question. The data were processed by the specialized software package astro-excite, which is similar to the processing of long-slit data, but with the added ability to reconstruct the cube. Aspects of the object frame were subtracted from the sky frames, usually in the form o-s-s-s-o-s-o-s-o-s-o-s-o-s-o-s-o-s-o-s-o-o-o-s-o-o-o-o-s-o-glass, which allows for tracing the boundary between the arc and the background. A light cast from a bright star has been inserted in the arc, and the plot was extracted from the light rays, all from the arc-lamp, in order to enable the reprocessing of the arc-lamp, then reconstructed into a cube, which was checked to see whether the calibration was good. The amount of flux used in the fixation and calibration of arc-glasses was checked at three apertures, in a smaller . . . the psf measured for ngc3227, which is shown in fig. 1 of xcite, can be considered typical. . . . if you add the concept of the core and halo to the psf, then the gaussian will represent only the core, while the moffat will fit the whole core plus halo. In all cases, we have fitted an analytical function to the psf. as the strehl ratio achieved is relatively low, even the gaussian is a good representation. Besides, the non-solar continuum will provide a good approximation in all but the agn since at infrared wavelengths it will come from a region no more than 12 pcd. Moreover, if the psf is broad enough, it will always give a measure of the psf, since the blr of the Squash is measured by light days , so it has a diameter that can be measured in light days . , and if one considers the concept of core plus halo' in the psf, the gaussian will only represent the core, while the moffat will fit the entire core plus halo' . The resolutions are listed in Table 1 . The psf measured for ngc3227, as shown in fig. 1 of xcite, can be considered typical. The kinematics were further processed using kinematics. kinematics are further processed using kinematics @xcite. , a calculation of the two-dimensional kinematics – this is a mathematical rather than physical method of calculating the 2D field – that is, the estimation of the kinematics in the form of an analytical expression for the observed data – and therefore the smearing of the beam is not a relevant problem in kinematics, which is why the results are interpreted and used to constrain a physical model, then smearing is still a matter of course. in all the cases taken into account, the centre of the 2D field was assumed to be coincident with the peak of the non-electron continuum. The rotation curves were then reconstructed by adjusting the measured velocity profile for inclination. In all cases considered here the centre of the 2D field was assumed to be coincident with the peak of the non-stellar continuum. This is the inverse of a kinematical expression, which is an analytical expression for the observed data. so it is not a question of beam smearing that concerns kinematics, which yields an analytical expression for the observed data. so, when the coefficients of this expression are interpreted or used to constrain a physical model, then beam smearing must be taken into account. If you are measuring the center of the circle, the center of the circle is quite small. As we analyzed the central region of the circle, we have used the central dispersion as a starting point. Further, we employ three standards and independent diagnostics to calculate the mass of stars in the nuclei of the agn, which are the br @xmath1 equivalent width, the supernova rate, and the mass-to-light ratio. This scheme estimated the distribution of stars in the hertzsprung-ruel diagram as a function of age, for an assumed star formation history. For this we assume an exponentially decaying star formation rate . . . we have used these diagnostics for the basic analysis, for the calculation of the mass of the agn. The central dispersion has been calculated for the basic calculations. For the second analysis we have used the central dispersion at face value. We have discussed the many different methods and methods used to analyze the data, and the global results are presented in this section. There is much discussion about how we should account for the contribution of the agn when we calculate these parameters. Moreover, we have developed three comprehensive diagnostics for the measurement of the star formation history and the intensity of the agn. these are the b-m-squared height, the supernova rate, and the mass-to-light ratio. (see, for example, the ratio of co2 to co3 and 2, of co6 to co3, of 3) . However, this proportion is the only proportion predicting the magnitude of the agn continuum, and therefore in a small observational aperture a significant fraction of the agn continuum can be associated with the agn continuum of stars. Moreover, we use the equivalent widths of the giant and supergiant stars from xcite . . . The horizontal lines in the left column show that the line of the declination is 20 % of the observed ones. the volume of a galaxy has an upper, at xmath15 and at xmath16, and h-color is 0 . . . typical values are xmath19 and xmath20. in the stars, we use empirically determined equivalent widths from spectra of the library spectra in order to estimate the ratio of the same widths to the size of a star cluster. We use the co2 - 0 2 - 2 - 29 in the k-band and the co6 - 3 1 - 62 in the h-band. for small telescopes, a significant fraction of the k-band and even the h-band can be associated with the agnaa continuum, if you will. a world wide h-band geometry can be explained by the equation: xmath32: to convert from xmath32 to xmath32, where xmath32 is the total luminosity in the 1 - 92 - 5 band, in units of bolometric solar luminosity ( xmath32). The result is supported empirically by the optical measurement of elliptical and spiral galaxies of Xcite.. p. 275 ., xmath270, xmath270, xmath270. . . for the sum of stellar light diluted by another source of non-starlight, the fraction of stellar light is @xmath23. @xmath24 and @xmath25 are the magnitudes observed and intrinsically equal to each other in the continuum of the sky. It can be calculated from absolute magnitude to luminosity, in a relation of the magnitudes of the h-band. In fig. : col_lum , the stars computation demonstrates that this conjecture is also independent of the star formation history, and is close to _xmath26mag (no extinction) for all timescales and ages. But since the agn contribution is not included, one can assign interesting upper limits to the equivalent width of br@xmath7 associating with star formation, or even to rule out continuous formation scenarios and to set a limit on the time since the star formation took place. For instance, we can estimate the size of the stellar halo from the radio halo, by the relationship of xcite: xmath42, where xmath42 is the non-thermal radio halo, Xmath40 is the thermal halo of the radio halo, and Xmath40 is the thermal halo of the radio halo. and so, even if we cannot constrain the age and the timescale of the star formation, a conversion ratio of xmath38 will have an associated uncertainty of 0 . This can be seen in the left-hand panel of fig. [ fig.], which shows for example that, for ages less than xmath40 years, continuous star formations will always have a xmath40. We can, in general, estimate the type I (cold fusion) supernova rate from the radio continuum using the relation @xcite: @xmath41, where @xmath42 is the thermal radio continuum luminosity, @xmath43 is the thermal radio continuum luminosity, @xmath42 is the thermal radio continuum luminosity, and @xmath42 is the thermal (heather of the neutron stars). These figures can be seen in the left-hand panel of fig. Fig. Fig. and in the general case a rather large luminosity (of that kind, say, a pair of tungsten light years) , we will be able to ascertain the contribution of the agn to the radio continuum. Here the agn's contribution, if it is in any way significant, is quite small. In general, we must be careful in taking into account the contribution of the agn to the radio continuum. In a word, it is a reasonable relation to give to starbursts . The calculations we make for the agn are given in the relevant sub-sections in appendix obj. in many cases the calculations are not completely straightforward. We take the average of xmath41 and xmath48 based on the k-band luminosity of the star. In addition, we exclude the emission of the agn with the morphology of a jet, for example ngc1068 . We therefore make use of the agn's peak light to estimate the maximum (unresolved) contribution of an agn from the star. to get the xmath48 ratio to be a diagnostic value, we normalize it with respect to the stellar k-band luminosity. This gives the ratio, for which stars are drawn in fig. . . . as we have just said, the masses of the young. In order to put this into account, we must take into account the stellar kinematics, since gas kinematics can be disturbed by warps, shocks and inflows. we proceed from the first estimate of the simple keplerian mass, taking into account that the stars are accursed by orderly rotation, at an angle of xmath50, in a thin plane. however, the kinematics of all the galaxies show a great dispersion, indicating that a considerable mass is being supported by random motions rather than by orderly ones. Therefore, the simple keplerian mass is very much underestimated, and any estimate of the actual mass is bound by a large number of uncertainties (a factor of 23), and thus the simple keplerian mass is very much an overestimation, and any estimate of the actual mass is bound by large uncertainties, as noted in their appendix b, because in this paper the point of application is to work out the scale of the mass in a single axis. This uncertainty, although large, does not affect the results and conclusions in this paper, since the main problem in our paper is the estimate of the mass in order to calculate the surface density. the following section brings together the individual results (described in appendix b) to form a unified picture. in the following section, we present the individual results (described in appendix b) in a general way. but as the stellar kinematics of all the galaxies exhibit a significant mass dispersion, indicating that there is a considerable mass supported by a random motion rather than by ordered This seems to indicate that in general we are probing an inner star-forming component. [3] It is to be emphasized here that for the eight agns studied here, we have been able to rely on the classic star-formation diagnostics, based on line- and continuum fluxes, and kinematics, to constrain the ages of the inner star-forming regions. (It is possible to find out from the matrix at a time when the star-forming populations are not in line with one another , it is impossible to calculate the size on this scale.) As for the rest of the agns, as far as the spatial resolution is concerned, they do not permit any size measurement of these scales. This suggests that the physical radial size of the nuclear star-forming regions in a Hyfert galaxy is not typically more than 50pc. The resulting ages may be considered "potential" since many times two or more stellar populations are simultaneously formed, which makes it difficult to account for contamination. However, it is clear that the intensity of the star is increasing very steeply towards the nucleus. The first evidence for the existence of a neutron star arose from limited optical observations, for which a slight decrease in neutron star arose for some spiral galaxies at xcite . . . the size of the seismic events and the time interval between them would certainly have an impact on the fraction of nuclei in which observations can find evidence of recent star formation. We have previously argued that in circinus and ngc3227 the inner distributions were disk-like, but thicker. We have now found much more direct evidence for the nuclear disk interpretation in ngc1097 and ngc1068 . . . in both galaxies we have spatially resolved a theological gyro, or the period of a gyro. we have now obtained in ngc1097 and ngc1068 a much more direct gyro , that is, a large drop in the galaxies in which we have studied. The time period of the gyroecological age has been given by n-body and sph simulations of isolated galaxies xcite, indicating that although the central system gradually warms up, the period of the gyroecological age is not less than a hundred years. [1,4] we present here a much more direct evidence for the nuclear disk interpretation. (Gerpa - Formation- Rate) to calculate the volume of the star, it is a simple matter to estimate. " - The density of the disk is infinitely large, and the disks are of self-gravitational gravity, and it is possible to use the expression "grp-" for the scale height. While it is not appropriate, we use it here to obtain a rough estimate of the volume of the star, which is 520 grpc. several years ago, compact nuclei were found to be present in a considerable fraction of spiral galaxies and coma clusters, the x-chromosomes of x-chromosomes. in the swarming radiation of the merged system, it was proved that there would be a nuclear starburst in the atoms, which would create a excessive spiral continuum above the older stars in the merged system. There is a theory of the impact of nuclear starbursts on the central light-profile of galaxies. Several years ago, it was discovered that there were in a large number of spiral galaxies, and in the coma cluster, dwarf ellipticals. The impact of nuclear starbursts was studied theoretically about a decade ago, in the context of the first galaxy merger, they studied the mass and luminosity of the remnants, taking into account gas, and estimated the formation rate by a modified schmidt law. However, because @xmath12 is shorter than the age, we have assumed a progression of at least a few years, and an order of magnitude, to the active phase. For the active phase the star formation rate will be at least a factor of several, and perhaps an order of magnitude, greater. the rates in this table are given in the table [tab] [see] . [*] The rates in this table are given in a table , as a square in height, and at the distance of a few hundred parsecs one may expect a few @xmath70m @xmath1yr @xmath6kpc @xmath2; and at the distance of a few tens of parsecs one might expect a few @xmath65m @xmath1yr @xmath6kpc @xmath2@249, and correspondingly higher than a few, as a square in Fig. , as a square. This is a general question: why is there such a feverish interest in such a region ? [32] The schmidt law and the mass density we have calculated in Table. [32] Let's find out. [36] This surface density can be derived from the mass of the stars at the various locations at which they have been estimated, and there are some which are at a meter or two above normal density, and some which are in a starburst. For this time, we have assumed the exponential decay period of @xmath57, the values were estimated in a millisecond. - for the age table in "Section X" is taken as a starting point, the k-band spectral continuum is connected with the young stars, we have taken the lower end of the range to minimize the possible overestimation of -x-math66. As a consequence of the very high star formation rates, the spectral luminosity per square metre of the galaxy is very high. In fact, the spectral luminosity per square metre is quite high, in the central few tens of tens, in proportion to the whole spectral luminosity of the galaxy. Thus, in fig. (agn) which shows the bolometric luminosity of the stars as a fraction of the entire bolometric luminosity of the galaxy. as a result of the high star formation, the luminosity per square metre close to the agn is very high, but this is only because the stars are occurring in very small areas, so that absolute luminosities are rather low. We therefore took into account the relatively low inaccuracy of the ratio, at least on the lower end, so as to avoid any overestimation of @ xmath66. In the central few parsecs he discovered that the density of xmath74l @ xmath1kpc @ xmath2 was calculated according to the ulirg model, and it is based on that model that ulirgs radiate at the eddington limit, defined as the rate of the radiation of gas and dust over self-gravity. based on this model, he argued that ulirgs radiate at the eddington limit for a starburst, defined as the eddington limit, when the radiation of gas and dust overpowers the gravity of gravity. a limiting ratio of xmath74l @ xmath1 / m @ xmath2 was estimated by @ xcite for ulirgs, which they characterized as optically thick starburst disks. Using this calculation, we find that Xmath74l @ xmath1 / m @ xmath2 in the central few parsecs. As we have seen, the low @ xmath57 indicates that there is little star formation, and that this is why short-lived starbursts are short lived. This is most interesting, because the short-lived starbursts are long lived . . . So it can be concluded from the calculations of the schmidt law and mass density that the gas that was supplied would be used fairly quickly and the duration of the burst would be relatively short. This result is consistent with the prediction of the schmidt law, which predicts that disks with a higher density of gas are more efficiently formed. This result, however, is not a realistic one. The result is as follows: the high density of gas leads to a high star formation rate, and thus a burst of star formation may only be active for a short time, and then it is ineffective. therefore, for a burst to reach its eddington limit, it must be very efficient, converting a significant fraction of the gas into stars on very short timescales, xmath79_. For a burst to reach its eddington limit, it must be very efficient, and it must convert a significant fraction of its gas into stars, with a very short time xmath79_. , that time is independent of the amount of gas. Fig.. [fig.4] for example, the gas is already in the disk. this result is in line with the prediction of the schmidt law, which says that disks with a higher density of gas are more efficient in making stars. Thus, the gas must be converted into stars at a very short time xmath79_ . In agn, the luminosity is calculated directly from the black hole mass, for which estimates are made for these galaxies by reverberation mapping, the m-xmath83 relation, the kinematics, etc., however, there are still many assumptions in this process, and we therefore caution that the actual errors in the estimation of the ages of the stars may be larger than the shown . As the luminosity of the agn is not well known, we have conservatively assumed that it is equal to half the bolometric luminosity of the galaxy as might be the case for ngc1068 (@xcite, but see also @xcite) . We note that these error bars reflect the uncertainties that we know in the age of the stars from the available astronomy and the time of the formation of the star . . . we note that these errors reflect the uncertainty of the age of the stars, from the available diagnostics, and also from the epoch of the formation. , etc.. In our opinion, the error bars of a factor 2 is not very large. We note that these error bars reflect errors in the age of the star formation from the diagnostics, and in the time scale . . . , it is known to have a very low luminosity (l / l @ xmath90) and to have had a galactic explosion in the past (i.e., 9215 ) it is likely to be in the same category. .. . . as a result of the lag between agn and starburst, a fast agn and a starburst, it is known to have a galactic explosion at least 502myr , this will also be in keeping with the categories above. in the above example, the starburst is prevented from releasing, and the galactic explosion is reduced. This inference may well be made, either the star burst has been delayed, or the galactic activity is halted once the black hole has become active. In the supplemental chapters in which we have examined the GRB, we have shown that GRB is in a sense self-failing, that very high star formation efficiencies are not enough over long periods. We argued that a galactic explosion is, perhaps, self-bashing: that the very high star formation efficiency of some galaxies is not sustainable for long. This may be why recent star formation is often difficult to detect at the galactic level: the star has already reached its full luminous (too young) age, and is in decline, while the galactic activity is active (see fig. ”] The authors argued that almost none of the gas that had been blown into the central zone reached the black hole from the outflowing winds of irs and hei in that region. The authors argued that almost none of the gas that had blown into the central zone had reached the black hole through the gas emitted by the irs and hei in this region. In this case, the mechanical winds of young stars tamper with the gas, both in the outflow and in the angular momentum (which is due to the angular momentum of the stars themselves) prevented it from flowing further. But the delay that we have noticed is of an order of magnitude greater than the length of the sequence of the initial sequence. In this context, mechanical winds of young stars both the inflow and the angular momentum of the gas (which is a consequence of the angular momentum of the stars themselves) interfere with the accretion of the gas. Compared with this, the hypothetical luminosity estimated by xcite would be xmath95 ergs @xmath4—for a galaxie containing all the inflowing gases, this would represent a "reason" of xmath589. On the upper end of the range, for reaching this phase, is a density of xmath96myr, which corresponds to the delay of Fig. 608>, as a result of the agn stars’ mass-loss rates, of the order of xmath97 m = xmath98 m = xmath1yr 605 605 606 605 605 605 605805 in a general model of the galaxy evolution xcite, although it is highly inaccurate in terms of the atmosphere (e.g. at a twilight), xcite 600 505 in which  xcite is an approximation of the accretion rate on the central black hole 800, which in a similar way has been shown to be at xcite 200  6052030 605243> the density of the wind at a distance 500 50 500 from the parent star is given by 600 in our case 500 500 from the star to the black hole 600  , the distance from the star to the black hole is 500 500. This estimation is still applied to the accretion of supermassive black holes in the model of galaxy evolution, cite2020, even if it is markedly inaccurate for 'real' , e.g., 'volute' media. a velocity of ten ft from a star in a keplerian orbit around a ft2q black hole will not exceed the escape velocity from this orbit (i.e., ft2q) to around ft2q. Fig. 1 shows that the star's luminosity is xmath112l xmath1 and the time scale is: c. to f. (xmath12), the mass loss rate of such winds is about xmath113l xmath1 after a gyr (although most of the loss occurs within this time), c. for agb winds with a keplerian orbit around ft2q is about xmath112l xmath1 and is about xmath12l xmath1 . for agb winds with a keplerian orbit around a ft2q black hole is about 1070pc, and in the middle of this range, 102pc, we consider the corresponding radius in which it is probable that the wind is accreted to the black hole . The mass loss of such wind is peaks at - 0 m @ xmath1yr @ xmath6 , then tails, and this is why the mass loss in this radius is of a proportion of the k-band , it is only after 1gyr (although most of the loss is actually due to the loss in half of this time). he did not get much turbulence. So, they did not make much mass loss. . . . So, in addition to xmath131l at xmath1 (the average for the range of galactic accretion, xcite), it turns out that there are a large number of compact supernovae, for example in m82 and arp220, and are believed to have expanded into dense regions with xmath120@ xmath71 @ xmath121@ xcite , and that if a full mass is ejected from a star at a speed of xmath121@ xcite, the mass is presumably at xmath115 @ xcite, and this so that the mass losses and rates analyzed here are plausible. It is for this reason that we compare their total mechanical energy at xmath116 to that of supernovae below. We are comparing these two quantities of gas mass ejected and mechanical energy at xmath117 integrated over the same period, which is xmath117j. . If one considers the interval between the time of the accretion and the start of the agn, which is not longer than the interval between the agn and the agn, the time for the agn to be longer than the interval between the two explosions will be longer than the interval between the agn and the fire. The total mechanical energy of the galaxies is also several orders of magnitude greater than the nuclear energy, which is of order @xmath126 @ xmath1 in the case of a Gb collision, in which case it is also much greater than the Gb energy in the form of a Gb collision. The calculations for the mass loss and mass loss of the galaxies were made with a very simple logic, assuming that a star from the beginning of its life ejects all of its lost mass on a starlike track. so that it doesn’t calculate the mass lost by supernovae alone, but instead the combined mass lost by ob-winds and supernovae, which is much higher . This is just as important as if there was enough gas left to fuel the agn, or more if more was needed by the stellar winds, which we have already explained above. But these starbursts have stopped, implying that the timescale is short, about a few tens of myr. Furthermore, there are two cases, which show kinematical evidence for a distinct stellar component, which suggests that the populations of the nuclear stellar population are most probably densely stacked in the vast regions of the central few tens of parsecs (like ulirgs, but with smaller spatial dimensions). Our main conclusions are summarized in the following: The stellar light profiles have a bright nuclear component, with a half-width at half-maximum of 50pc, which in a number of cases strongly contrasts the measured one of larger scales. Besides, there are two cases which clearly show kinematical evidence for a distinctive stellar component, indicating that the population of the nuclear stellar population may be deposited in a thick disk – at a rate of a few tens of myr. We used these diagnostics to constrain the stars evolutionary synthesis models and hence characterize the timescales and ages of the explosions at the minute from the onset. The so-called nuclear explosions must have been episodic in nature. There is evidence of recent activity in the last 10300myr. But the explosions are no longer active, indicating that the timescale is short, about a few tens of myr.* And the generation of stars is, in general, very slow, edgy, and short-lived. As such, we do not repeat the description of these methods, and here we only discuss such subjects as require special attention. the authors thank all the ones who were involved in the observations and the referee for a thorough review of the manuscript. This work was a joint effort with the Kavli Institute for the Study of Physics at Santa Barbara, and as a result was supported in part by the National Science Foundation grant No. 620164. The aim of re-evaluating the results of the spectroscopic study of mkn231 which had already been published is to ensure that it is applied to the stars in a way that is in keeping with the new results. For all objects with new data, we only provide the part of the analysis relevant to the formation of the agn . . . the end result of which is that in the future we intend to present an analysis of all objects. We concentrate on the nuclear region . since there is no strict definition of what the nuclear region consists of, we express in the table [tab: derprop] the size of the region we study in each galaxy. Here, in addition, we describe the primary diagnostics. The way they have been obtained, and their probable uncertainties, has already been discussed in section [sec: diag] . . . the method in which they have been derived, and their possible uncertainties, has already been discussed in the section Second diag . the description of these methods is not repeated here, and in this section we only discuss those things that require special attention. Using the denseness of the co2 – 0 band, we determined the stellar luminosity, which we interpreted as being a function of the narrow arc-radiation in which (as we surmised) it originated in the forming region, rather than in the Agn – bluish-lined region, was used to constrain the mass to about 120 million. The age, the star-shape rate, the size of the disk (detached from xmath131) is all correlated with the high-resolution radio continuum. Taking into account the dynamical mass, we have found that the range of acceptable star-shape models imposed a very strong constraint on the range of acceptable star-shape models, to an upper limit of 120 million if the disk was in a conformal orbit - Xmath130 - there is also a possibility of a higher age, a lot higher, in certain cases – say, a double diameter of xmath131, or a relatively short time to a star-shape of a few milliseconds – will reduce the limit to the Xmath131121600104103 star-shape already calculated in this way. The spectral luminosity, derived from the dilutional absorption of co-atoms, suggests that stars within 1 (800pc) of the nucleus contribute 2540 % of the bolometric luminosity of the galaxy. A similar nuclear star has been detected at a distance of a hundred thousand radians in circinus. The diagnosis in the table . . . – at a resolution of 0 – 15 – we found that in the vicinity of the nucleus, the region containing the circumnuclear ring, the luminosity of young stars was xmath138 xmath134, which is about 70 % of the entire galaxy’s bolometric luminosity. These results were the same as in mkn231 . – on smaller scales, the nuclear star formation in ngc7469 was directly resolved by xcite, on a size scale of 0 . . 150 (5065pc) fwhm. – for a small matter, the nuclear star formation in ngc7469 was directly estimated by xcite, on a size of 0 . . . 0 . This view is similar to that of mkn231 . – an analysis of the longslit data, similar to that of mkn231 , was made using stellar absorption features, kinematics, and starburst models. In ngc7469, the nuclear star formation, in the region that encompasses the circumnuclear ring, was found at xmath138, corresponding to 70 % of the galaxy bolometric luminosity. At the resolution of 0 . – 150 – fwhm, the most compact part of the stellar sphere had a measured fwhm of 0 . – 140 – if you take the intrinsic equivalent width of the 2 . 3 co2 - 0 bandhead to be 12 (see section diag) you come to a more modest figure of 8 % for the stellar fraction of the k-band continuum in the 0 . 2 aperture. Compared with the dynamical mass of the k-band in the 0 . 2 aperture, the corresponding k-band luminosity is then @xmath142l @xmath1 . Hence the actual @xmath57 corresponds to only the amount of the k-band in this region. This has been corrected for dilution of the k-band continuum (as explained in the section : diag) but not for the possible contribution of the narrow b-band of the agn to the narrow br. xmath7 of the agn. so the total value of the k-band in this region is @xmath142l @xmath1 . “With the equator and in the d-slit in the slit in the slit we have shown that even far from the nucleus, the surface of the absorptions is only a few percent of the total. As discussed in Section 38diag, star formation is a likely candidate for emission. As the band in question, we would assume that the difference of 5mjy is due to emission of space-times of 1060pc that are resolved out of one beam but not to the other . This is probably a lower limit because the core radio flux density was only an upper limit for the radiated core. This will probably be a lower limit, since there is no upper limit to the core flux density. For a star formation time of @ xmath148 myr, the mass to light ratio implies a age of 190 myr, as well as the measured value of w@ xmath147. In this case, the supernova rate would be @ xmath4yr @ xmath6 and the ratio @ xmath146 = 110 myr. In the 0 . 8 aperture, which we adopted in table , we apply a curve of 0 , it is alleged that continuous star formation is incompatible with w@ xmath147 . In a similar way, he used a K1 – 1.4 star, for which the equivalent width of co6 was only one point. He calculated the scale by summing the four most important absorption features: co4 – 1 – 2 – 3 – thereby deriving a spatial resolution of 0 – 100 ff – cqs. in contrast to radio sources which are powered by agn and have a brightness of xmath151k, the emission here is resolved and has a low brightness of xmath152k. Using the polarity relations to the relative size of the flux densities suggests that the flux density corresponds to a supernova rate of xmath122yr @ xmath6 . This means that the decomposition seems to be reasonable. As a cross-check, we have compared the sum of these two components with the whole continuum of xcite. As a cross-check, we compared the sum of these two components to the whole continuum of xcite. [ “see section “discipline diag.” In order to make a test for dilution of the continuum, we use two different methods: firstly, we measure at xmath157, indicating a stellar fraction of 0 – 100 . Hence, we find that the k-band stellar fraction is at xmath155, corresponding to a k-band  luminosity of @ xmath155 – d= k – [4    ao    odot] . Moreover, if @ xmath160 is high, then @ xmath155 is low , this suggests that the k-band stellar fraction is around @ xmath155 – and thereby @ xmath155 is a k-band equilibrium of @ xmath155 – d=  d=5 – see section “diag. ”4 where we say: “Vanguardian, 23. . . then we define the ratio of supernovae to k-band stellar luminosity of @ xmath155 – l l   – k [10       , 220] . as a second diagnostic we use the -36 method. It is quite difficult to figure out how much of the narrowness of the br@ xmath7 is associated with star formation. But the uncertainty isn’t great. On the contrary, much of the nuclear emission seems to be unresolved. It is also difficult to calculate what fraction of the narrow br@ xmath7 is associated with star formation. Taken with a flat spectral index, as indicated by the archival data @xcite, one might expect the 5ghz core flux to be less than 6mjy, leaving only about [xmath122] in extended flux at the central 0 . 5 . . . , at a resolution better than 0 . . , @xcite calculated the total flux at 5ghz at xmath1666 mjy. (Though the same data were not detected at 1 . . . . ) @ xcite measured the flux at 5ghz to be about 7mjy. This calculation, based on a data set of archival data , was deemed to have been well over 6 mjy, leaving only around xmath122 mjy of the extended flux in the central 0 . . . (Report n. There is a slight oblique drop in the center of the column, like that found in ngc1097 and ngc1068. This is similar to the 160 kms per xmath6 of xcite from optical spectroscopy and indicates that the bulge is a star . . . in general, the k-band light that we see is dominated by the bulge, and we cannot probe in detail the inner region where it seems that more recent star formation has occurred. But, as we can see, there is a degree of variation in the radial luminosity of ngc2992. Our fittings were at radii @ xmath169 and extrapolated to psf. . . . but the above fig, fig n2992 vel, confirms that there is some kinematical evidence for a distinct nuclear population. , although n2992 is not incontrovertible, the dispersion is likewise confirmed by the resulting minor inconsistencies in the centre, similar to those in ngc1097 and ngc1068. In general it seems that the k-band light we see is dominated by a bulge, and therefore we cannot make any detailed investigation of the inner zone where it seems that the formation of stars was more recent. So, although the available data show that the nucleus of ngc2992 has been formed by recent events, we can only apply one firm constraint that the total star formation in the central arcsecs of the last gyr is continuous. The @xmath55 law is stronger, as it is more cuspy, and thus there is no excess , we have in the last few arcsecs determined by K-band Imaging of the Central 4 from the X-ray Blurred Line, have since confirmed this conclusion. Using this fitting, which coincides with the psf, we have demonstrated that at x-ray 174 the gas is in a single plane, coincident with the peak of the non-solar spectra. This condition explains why the spiral structure of the Golden Line comes from extinction of the stars behind the tumultuous region. In this picture, the spiral structure of the Golden Line is only caused by the disappearance of the stars behind the Triangle, which therefore suggests that obscuration by gas and dust plays an important role. To explain the three arms of the Golden Line, which we can determine by using the non-solar spectra, we calculated the angularity of the velocity field and the angle of the motion of the psf, it is calculated by the morphology of the 30°, of the Gaia cloud, and by the 2 30° line. It seems to us that at these radii it is the gas alone that is in a disk. Indeed, it is plausible to say that at these radii the gas lies in a disk. Having this fitted to the psf, a true fit is obtained by defining the thickness and angle of the 35° radii of the gas, which resembles the radial profile of the gas and of the dust . . . but this may be far from the truth, since it coincides with a change in the dominant kinematics. The carbon space that we have been using is, as a rule, slightly older, so as to preserve the br@ 1112m 56060*3=. This figure, which is based on spectral spectra, has the added effect of revealing that, in the nuclear region, the stars and the gas are entangled in a thick (and, therefore, likely thick) disk, and that the stars in this disk, which are bright and presumably young, occupy the excess luminous continuum observed. The lines and velocity dispersions shown in fig. - pls . These residuals, which can be seen in the gas velocity field, but not the stars, and which relate to the spiral structure described above, will be discussed elsewhere (Davies et al., in preparation) . - This remark provides a strong indication that the stars and gas are bound together, more likely in a thick (perhaps thick) disk, and that the stars in this disk, bright and presumably young, form the excess of the stellar continuum observed. They argued that certain features of their findings could only have been derived from an instantaneous starburst, which occurred only a few myrs ago, and is reddened by the extinction of xmath182 . that is a matter of particular concern as it relates to the density of the star. Accordingly, we have calculated a flux of br@ xmath7 at xmath186m @ xmath2 compared to the model starburst of xmath186m @ xmath2 , compared with that predicted by the model br@ xmath2 . In this case the measured gamut is at xmath189m @ xmath2 and the magnitude of the associated mass to light is approximately zero. As the mass is devoid of light, the spectra of the jet is very small, and it is hard to define the size of the jet because of the imperceptible luminosity of the stars. Its tachymetrical mass is represented by the mean kinematics of the stars and the gas, i.e. v xmath187kms @ xmath6 (corrected for inclination) and xmath188 kms @ xmath6 (this is the central value, which is most influenced by bulge stars) and by c ... d ... c , and in this region the k band luminosity is at xmath186l @ xmath1 , although this is difficult to measure due to its weakness in the star absorption properties . If we exclude the very recent stellar epoch, we will consider the central region a star formation that will occur, and this will result in a supernova rate of xmath197 yr, and therefore xmath198, which is relatively more recent. Thus, although our data are not uniquely bound to the age of the star in the nucleus of ngc1097, they do show that there has been recent star formation, and they correspond to a relatively young compact starburst similar to the one derived from optical and uv studies. The evidence for the formation of a core in ngc1068 with an intrinsic size of xmath199pc was first presented by xcite. As a result of the kinematics of the field spectra, based on the size of the core, a low-mass component (size @xmath193) is found, with 5 Ghz flux density, @xmath194mjy, but at lower resolution a small component (size @xmath199mjy) is found. As a result of the low xmath57, the young age and a short formation period imply a young age and short period of formation. it is necessary to present to you the radial profile of the stellar continuum, from the sinfoni integral field spectra out to a radius of 2 and from the naco long-slit spectra out to 5 (200 pc) . the obtained inclination of xmath201 and the inclination of xmath202 is quantitatively identical to that calculated by other authors in the central few tens of arcseconds xcite. Here we have derived inclination of xmath201 and inclination of xmath202 of a single average value, as to that observed by others in the central few to tens of arcseconds xcite . the curve of the radius at which the thickening of the morphology occurs in the center is attained by an inverse law of @xmath55, which we could expect to find in a bulge. For n1097, the combination of dynamically cool kinematics and a severe decrease in the density of the atoms of the atoms of a nuclear disk is strong evidence of the presence of a fissure. In order to justify the simple assumption that the inclination and inclination of the central plane are not affected by any substantial change in the diameter of the central plane, we have shown in Fig. 2. As we have seen, the radius of the spheres 15 and 15 correspond roughly to the zone of high stellar dispersion characterized by @xcite, is well matched by an @xmath55 law, as is typical of a bulge. . . . we consider @xmath204kms @xmath6 (pardon the inclination) to the nearest integer (*1), to the nearest integer, which is the central value, and therefore least biased by the large stars of this type. In this respect, while it may seem that star formation had taken place during the last few hundred years, it would seem inevitable that it would not take place in the future. With the assumption of no star formation , it is clearly indicated by the map of br_xmath7 in fig. [*] n1068 _maps. 5 , to the right is an xmath204kms @ xmath6 (calculated for inclination) , and to the right is xmath205kms @ xmath6 , which is the central value, and therefore least affected by the high density of the bulge stars. Here we note that this is a considerable younger age than the age of the stars in the p. 12 universe, precisely because their mass was calculated from a higher xmath60, according to the bulge stars. The observation that no star formation has occurred during the last few hundred years is clearly shown by the sba @ xmath7 map in fig. n1068 . Not that we did not find the co2 - 0 bandhead in ngc3783, but it was small and only about one-tenth of the central spectrum. Moreover, the long bandhead was incredibly strong and dominant over the h-band. Besides, the broad bandheads were very strong and dominant over the h-band. . . . but this difference was not useful, since it was an order of magnitude above the greatest anticipated values. For example, if we divide up the total radiation into the supernovas and compared it to the k-band, we find that the sky is full of stars distinct from the middle horizon . . . the k-band psf is symmetrical with a fwhm of 0. . . at the lower radii, a minimization of this excess is almost indefinitely resolved. the azimuthally averaged radial profile is given in Fig. n. , which is the part of the psf, which is connected with the psf. Besides, the broad brackett lines are very strong and dominate the h-band . . . but since the increase in the radii was from the upper radii, it is impossible to measure the kinematics, which are perhaps limited by the limited number of stars. You have a slightly different method of calculating the dynamical mass, in which the density of the conical spheres in a square plane is not exceeding 60 pc. , so that it can be used to measure the angle of the slanting spheres. As a result, the resulting rotation curve is illustrated in Fig. n3783 - rot. In this case we have overestimated the dynamical mass. Adding @xmath217kms @ xmath219 kms @ xmath219 - and removing @xmath219kms @ xmath219 - from reverberation - @xcite - the black hole mass (from reverberation - @xcite) is only thirty % of this and so cannot dominate the dynamics on this scale unless it is underestimated. Besides, we observe only the hot h at xmath49, it is possible that the dispersion is dominated by turbulence arising from shocks or from the uv heat of clouds which generate the 1 - 0 emissions, which are discussed in more detail by hicks et al. (Prepared.) Fig. Fig. n3783. maps. g) may well have been a point. * since the br @ xmath7 is a resemblance to the br @ xmath7, it may well be that it is a result of agn rather than star formation. this corresponds to a broad 9 gb 226 gb 259 gb radiance (at 8 gb radiance). xcite investigated this length at xmath229. Xcite compared this with an 8 gb 258 radiance, which, with an upper limit of 9 gb 258 radiance, of 7 mjy. Observing that the nucleus of ngc3783 has been measured in several beam sizes at 8 gb 259 radiance. An insolvable part of the radiance is represented by the component of xmath231 mjy. With a smaller, 8 radiance, 5 voltaic, @xcite found that it was unresolved and had a flux density of 8 mmhz, dominated by a component of xmath231 mjy. Having taken into account the diminutive width of br @xmath7 (in respect of the stellar continuum) of @xcite, we can no longer differentiate it further. knapen j., 2004 , in mending bars through the cloak of cosmic dust: the Hubble tuning fork strikes a new note  (Eds. block d., puerari i., groess r. , block e. (Dordrebrecht: Kluwer Academic Publishers), assl, vol. 319, p. 319 m. 189 m. 192 m. 233 m. 233 (Dordrebrecht: Kluwer Academic Publishers) , vol. 319, p. 319 m. 233 m. 233 m. 233 192 252  242 m. 233 iras 232> The timescale of the formation of the stars is not longer than a few times 319 m. 243 m. 233 m. . 9 & 8 . 2 & 7 . 5 & 1 . - ngc473 . . . 0.5 . 0 . . ngc473 . . . 5 & 1 . . - ngc3783 . . . 17 . . 1 . . 7 . 1 . . 0 .  .  .  .    mkn231 .  .    .  . . . . . . . . . 2 . 2 . 2 . . . , 21 22   2 . . .  xmath238 . . .      2   .     1 . . . ngc1097 & liner , sy1 & 18 . . . . 7 . . . 0 .