Some collisionless shocks are now well understood by the in situ measurements of heliospheric shocks, e.g., xcite. While the physical basis of the responsible diffusive shock acceleration (dsa) process is quite well known, and a long time has been recognized that dsa is a core element of collisionless shock physics and that the crs are reacted to the bulk flow and to the mhd-flag turbulence which is the main factor in the diffusive transport of crs (for instance, xcite and references therein). These particles are central to many astrophysical problems. 449329 The physical basis of the responsible dsa (dsa) process is well known from the measured heliospheric eddy and by analytic and numerical calculations. Most importantly, the dsa captures a significant fraction of the energy emitted at the transition. It is therefore necessary to be able to draw from both nonlinear and time-dependent effects the measured properties of dsa. general, numerical models have been devised which enable us to get good insights into the behaviour of dsa, by means of an assumed diffusion coefficient. The most powerful technique is that of a continuum, with a kinetic equation for each dya component, a compression-weighted fluid, and an associated sumptuous pressure. (For dynamical phenomena, as for supernova remnants, the timescale for the modification of dsa can be as large as the dynamical timescale of the problem.) The latest invention is that of the mathematical method, the numerical method, the numerical method, which, under the assumption of diffusion, are allowed to calculate constant properties of dyases under a preconditioned diffusion behavior . . . and their effect on the pulses. . . . For the most effective approach, the continuum method, which has the kinetic equation for each of the components, and which is controlled by an appropriate sum of compressible fluid . . . He got the entire dsa simulations done and is still very difficult and expensive even with one dimension. Adding the dynamic equations for the bulk plasma, namely: xmath1 , a self-consistent closed system of equations is possible (e.g., xcite) . . . one computational constraint is that the co-resonant scattering lengths of a mhd turbulence, @ xmath1, are usually expected to be increasing functions of particle rigidity, @ xmath2. This is needed partly to account for the partial thermalization of a deformity, which is characteristic of collisionless shocks. Moreover, the numerical difficulty is particularly due to the extremely wide range of cr momenta that has to be followed, which usually extends from the upper end of the range, up to very low values, close to those of the heat population, with nonrelativistic momenta. Xmath5 is the kinetic coefficient of a gas-tank, and xmath6 is the weight of the aqueous mixture . . . a normalization of the kinetic coefficient at each time point in the solution of the equation relating to the mass of the cr in question will ensure an efficient linearization of the local distribution of the cr at each moment . . . This resolution is usually sufficient to provide a spatial grid which is more favourable to the spatial resolution of the “outer scale” of the problem, which must have exceeded the largest @ xmath7. In order to perform this task in dsa, the spatially correcting preconditions, of all sizes, must be considered, in order to describe the physics of the shock forming and the spatial diffusion of the cr, particularly in the case of the modified structure. berezhko and his collaborators have developed a method which normalizes the spatial value of xmath7 at each moment when the momentum value of interest corresponds to the kinetic equation, and by xmath7 to the kinetic value of the revolution of the Schrödinger equation. As an alternative to these kinds of simulations, kang at xcite has implemented diffusive diffusive transport into a multi-level adaptive mesh refinement (AMR) environment. This result comes from the fact that the highest resolutions are required just in the subshock, which is still enough to be treated as a discontinuity satisfying standard rankine- hugoniot relations. For the other hand, the above methods do not directly address the main computational cost, and therefore they are much more expensive than hydrodynamic and mhd simulations. . This is because the dependency of @xmath8 on the momentum of each cr constituent - @xmath3 - is physical . . . , he means that the spatial evolution of the kinetic equation for each constituent is required at multiple momentum levels, e.g., @xmath9 . Here, the equation of xmath9 is usually large, because the range of xmath9 is usually several orders of magnitude. Physically, cts move in momentum space during dsa, sometimes by adiabatic compression of the whole system, or by diffusion (for example, see equation dce, below), or by various irreversible energy loss mechanisms, such as coulomb or radiative losses . experience has shown that converged solutions of xmath12 depend on xmath10, but generally depend on xmath10 . since a spatial adjustment of the kinetic equation at each momentum grid point takes a computational effort comparable to that of the accompanying hydrodynamic equations (e.g., the mass continuity equation), then transport dominates the computational effort by a . . . . the associated evolution rates for xmath8 depend on the process, but generally depend on xmath10 . for example, a mere five decades of momentum coverage requires more than 100 grid points in xmath14 . Then we introduce the physics of raped particles. The physics of raped particles has been taken to a rather large degree and has often exceeded an order of magnitude. In this way, we have found that this method gives a corresponding solution to the kinetic equation. It substitutes the fundamental moments of raped particles with the equivalent moments of the other, namely, raped particles, on a discrete set of finite volumes. In this case, raped particles, the point at which we have used this method, thereby reduces the computational effort for the reconstruction of raped particles to a level comparable to that of hydrodynamics. Furthermore, the similar ideas applied to the transport of particles of the same proportion, which were satisfactory, the likes of which, though the deposition of the particles of raped particles, did not have spatial or kinetic diffusion, so that the evolution of raped particles could not be observable in a natural way. It is an analytical test of particle solutions for @xmath12. Here we extend the cgmv method to the treatment of fully nonlinear clumsy shocks. In our part, we outline the basic cgmv method and its implementation in eulerian hydrodynamic codes. In addition, we present a few tests in 3 which we have been able to study in the form of (e.g., Xcite) dsa . . . the first term of equation ([Dce]) represents: advection [ advection] in response to adiabatic compression or expansion. The flow-scaling-convection form of the kinetic equation describing the evolution of the isotropic, advection [dce] can be written in one spatial dimension as (e.g., e.g., @ xmath16) . . . where @ xmath17 is the bulk flow velocity, @ xmath19, @ xmath20 is the spatial diffusion coefficient, @ xmath21 is the momentum diffusion coefficient, and This is in part due to the fact that the particle radiative fields in the water have a great influence on the plume, and when the sonic and alfanic volumes of the plasma are as close as possible. Though the numerical proof is easy to make use of, the details are rather complicated, so we defer the discussion to the next work, which concerns the flow of the cleft despite its high and low pressures. The second part of the problem requires the concurrent evolution of the hydrodynamic flow and the diffusion coefficient, @ xmath21 and @ xmath21. Another amendment to the standard hydrodynamic equations is the calculation of the pressure coefficient @ xmath25. At xmath27 the isotropic gas and the cr pressure respectively are xmath28, the total energy density of the gas per mass and the rest of the variables are normal. ‘ As we have said in our intro, the momentum advection and diffusion terms in equation dce are generally taken to require xmath36 in conjunction with the low-order finite difference methods of the momentum coordinate @ xcite. As a rule, cr inertia is usually neglected in such calculations, as the mass fraction of the crs is generally very small . as a rule, there is no more than two moments of xmath12 to be recovered from xmath12 . . . . and thus we may expect a piecewise powerlaw to provide an efficient and accurate two-parameter subgrid model for xmath36. As we have said in our introduction, the momentum advection and diffusion terms in equation dce are generally required for xmath36 by means of low-order, finite difference methods in the momentum coordinate xcite . . . so, for xmath36, a two-dimensional subgrid model may be developed The first of these moments, the first of these is proportional to the spatial density of crs in the momentum bin at xmath43, while for relativistic crs, the first of these is proportional to the energy density or the pressure of crs in the bin . . . , then , for example, xmath45 , a label  niq  ] , where xmath45 is a dimension in momentum space, with xmath54, and where xmath45 is a dimension in the physics. . . . the corresponding moments of equation dce are to be calculated over the finite volume bounded by xmath51. _ xmath66 and _ xmath66 have averaged over the momentum interval, according to _ xmath57 and _ xmath58. It is evident that the extension of the momentum flux term __math59 to include other processes such as radiative and coulomb losses is obvious (e.g. __xcite) . of course, the determination of ___math59 and ___math62 should take place at the boundary of the inserted momentum range. In most cases we choose a sufficiently large maximum momentum, ________, that this condition is of no importance, if at all, in the synthesis. We have thus succeeded in implementing both nonuniform and evolving momentum bins, although, for the sake of simplicity, we do not illustrate them here. We note that in the cgmv-method, the balancing of the momentum bins is quite flexible, so that it is easy to adapt to the universal or the non-uniform size of the bins, or to the momentum range which is continually expanding during the simulation. Also, we note that the coefficients of equation ([cne]] are obtained by the solutions to equations ] mass-con-encon, which are updated before the solution of equations [dce - n] and dce - g]. so, since the cgmv method consists of two quantities rather than one, the relative effort required for a given /se> is more than one ... an analogous expression to equation [sni] ... we note again that there are similar methods to follow the evolution of the waves, which dissipates by their resonant patterns, and which define the spatial and the energy diffusion coefficients. math9 is almost twice in the cgmv scheme than it needs to be in the fd scheme , our tests confirm that expected scaling. But we have also implemented two well-known methods successfully into the cgmv scheme. the simplest and most frequently used injection method assumes that a small, fixed fraction of the thermal flux through the gas subshock, math77, is injected at a momentum math78, where math79 is a constant greater than unity, and math80 is the plasma sound velocity downstream of the subshock (e.g., xcite). and this gives math82, where math82 is the mass density, just downstream of the subshock, math. We reconstructed these models for the purpose of the cgmv method ... the energy of the thermal plasma is simply @xmath89. in such  Thermal Leakage’ (TLL) models, thermoelectrics are the physical processes that reduce the size of the particle orbits in the post-shock flow, in order to ascertain whether, at a given moment, particles of the given speed can escape back down the subshock. The above formula is the probability that suprathermal particles at a given speed will escape from the subshock , see below. , by the absorption of particles by the mhd waves (see below) which circulate the plasma subshock . . .  (   frac  u  2   upsilon )  exp  left    left   ( tilde   upsilon  )   left   left    left    left     left       left   left   left    left    left    left    left    left     left   left   left    right     right   ,  tau   ] ] He also insisted that he based the idea on the physics of the constrained mhd waves, he argued, Xmath98, Xmath98, emitted a significant symmetry in the mhd-wave turbulence in the tl model and xmath-107 in the ff model. So he derived from xmath-99 the very lowest momentum of the first momentum bin in the tl model, which in turn changes in time with the speed of the convulsions. The initial injection rates will be almost the same, although there are differences in the model physics . . . . xmath-99 is the lowest momentum of the first momentum bin in the tl model, and varies with the speed of the post-heap. . . . . for xmath-104, xmath-103 . . . After obtaining equations (dce-n) and dce-g) the net changes in @ xmath42 and @ xmath44 are corrected (increased) in the downstream region by application of the transparency function as follows: @ xmath110 and @ xmath110, where @ xmath110, as found in equation (niq) , is the distribution of the horizontal parts of the graph corrected (reducing) by equations (dce-n) and (dce-g) . The main value of the subgrid Model is the Equilibrium which cgmv covers in its subgrid Model. _____________, _____________, ____________, ____________, _____________ . . . . The position of the bulk plasma injected into the at xmath111 is approximated by the angle of xmath113. There are first and second tables of the theory and the fd cr code. The fd cr code is of the standard, conservative riemann solver. Then, in the fd cr code, we describe a more detailed study of the cgmv and the fd cr code. In this paper, we discuss the results and compare the cgmv and fd behavior . First, we describe the results of the cgmv and fd codes combined with the second table &ctrl in both directions, the complete shanks in the fd shanks, the dcl is described. . in our previous studies of the shanks, the fd shanks were spread in two to three numerical zones. in our fd shank, the shanks typically contain two or three numerical zones. There is an xt-tested test for cgmv-tests. crash is based on the high-order godunov-like deformation analysis of leveque. This hydrodynamic code uses a nonlinear riemann model to follow the discontinuities of the deformations in the zones of an initially uniform grid . Thus, the subshocks of a modified shock remain discontinuous in the modeled zones, allowing transport to be modeled almost to the scale of the physical shock thickness . The fd-tests are performed on the ff injection. The fd-test employs the same fd-test methods as is described in /sent> . Besides, we present cgmv tests with our cosmic rays Adaptive Continuation (ARC) program. The hydrodynamics program of the ARC program employs a nonlinear riemann solver to follow the varying forces of an initial uniform grid. The number of ARC levels depends on the number of ARC levels needed to define diffusion of the smallest amount of cr. Xcite and Xcite. cgmv the hydrodynamical equations for diffusing a weak damping. if we wish to elucidate the evolution of a strong stiffness-modified shock, we shall first examine the results obtained from the tvd-cr code with fd and cgmv codes and a host of other schemes which are to be employed to describe the evolution of a strong cr-modified shock. As we have shown, the density and the sound of the plasma entering from the right boundary are adjusted to xmath121 and xmath122, so that the inflow speed is equal to unity. The time unit for calculations is also given by these proportions. In order to account for the hydrodynamical variables involved in the Cr____________ equations, it is necessary to fix the unit flow speed (the inflow speed in all the simulations discussed in this paper) with respect to the speed of light. i.e., @ xmath124. . . the time step was set by a standard routine, @xmath125. In a quest for a reasonable generalization, which required only minimal computational effort, the decision was motivated by results from malkov, who found himself at the same time robust stiffness modified shocks that apply to all powerlaw forms of @xmath130, as long as the powerlaw index was steeper than @xmath130 . . . the Cr diffusion coefficient, @xmath20, is spatially uniform and set to @ xmath129. The simulation presented in fig. 2 showed the momentum range of @xmath126: [2  times 10  - 4  , 1 . 6  times 10  3 ] (@xmath127 ). A force is needed to calculate the disturbance, if the simulation is to be done asymmetrically, by means of xmath134. The spatial resolution of the process is xmath134, for the accurate solution of the diffusion-convection equations needs to be precise. For the fd and cgmv simulations, the set resolution of xmath134 was of paramount importance. The simulation pictured in Fig. 1 assumes an existing cr population, xmath138, which corresponds to an upstream cr pressure, xmath . (the previous convergence tests have shown that a @ xmath133 is desirable (e.g., @ xcite) . This resolution, by altering this resolution, proved that the evolution is reasonably converged with respect to @ xmath137. the spatial resolution required for the calculations is set by @ xmath134, since accurate solutions of the diffusion-convection equation require good structural information in the precursor to the subshock, and this information is obtained by @ xmath134 . A time-relative equation, with the dissipation equation as a 'power-relative' equation, is presented in Fig. .1 and 1 , but not at all at xmath140. This diagram shows the well-known property of strongly modified shocks, that the crs capture most of the energy from the structure . . . and if you consider the structure a weak shock, the gas and pressure are so reduced that they are viscous, and the density is increased, at x . . . . that is, at xmath140, the swollen bar is then subsegmented, and the co-extasonal helix is enlarged by xmath140 . . . before comparing the solutions of the two approaches, one may find it useful to summarize the physics captured by the process of evolution. The above behavior is a well-known property of strongly modified shocks, that the crs drive the bulk of the energy into the structure. The inverse is evident in the V1 plot at the subshock, which is dominated by the Maxwellian distribution of the bulk plasma. In the initial model, while the pressure of the gas is relatively small compared with the incoming momentum, the subshock is strong enough to compress the gas in the precursor, preheating it (adiabatically in these models). We note that the energy taken up by the particles of the flow by Crs is now being spread out by them, and that the total compression in such an evolving, modified shock would always exceed the factor of seven which one would expect for a strong, fully closed, illusory 'swell'. * that evolution is explains the well-known 'swell' in the structures as seen after xmath146. However, the cr pressure decreases at first, although it is relatively small compared to the motion of the incoming gas, the gas remains strong enough to exert four times the density compression of the precompression. . . . whereas at earlier times (@ xmath149), the partial pressure caused by crs at the end of @ xmath150 is such that it is significant to escape beyond the upper momentum boundary. . . . e. , @ xcite) , the high momentum cutoff of the distribution increases with time about the same as @ xmath152 (see, e.g., @ xcite). then the distribution of high momentum crs develops in the dsa upwards, concave form resulting from the momentum dependent distribution of the diffusion length. In the early evolutionary stages of this flow, although the compression is minimal, the pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulse pulses pulsed from pulses to pulses, pulses and pulses are dissipated and nonresistible; pulses of electrons are not emitted from pulses of the repulsion; hence, the pulse pulse develops a new upward concave pulse pulse pulse, and the pulse pulses are not exposed to the emitted pulse pulses, nor to the less important pulses. “If we add the order of the /sent momentum, the intensity of the upshots increases as a result of the moment of the corresponding ejection. The strength of the upshot increases as the velocity of the precursor increases. In the latter case, the ejection of the ejections is almost indistinguishable in the plots. Finally, we look at the two algorithms used to generate the upward movement of the ejection. We see that the ejections with a moment that is only a little above the injection range remain tight in the ejection; and that the ejections with momenta which are only a little above the injection range are to remain trapped close to the ejection; this is evidenced by the increase in the movement of the ejection around ejection. All the dynamical quantities, including the rapidity of the ejection and the ejection, show very good agreement. All the variables, especially the ejection, and the cr momentum, show excellent agreement. All the dynamical quantities, including the ejections and the cr momentum, are very much in agreement. All the features of the ejection evolution of ejection are given in the form of a curved fd and cgmv curve, that is, of fd and cgmv curves, of fd and cgmv curves, which are almost indistinguishable in the plots. In this case ff injection is inserted with a commonly assumed value of math155 and math156, and the upper bound for the acceleration is increased to math157, and the spatial horizon extends further from the piston to math158. The cgmv solution has been compared with a much higher efficiency than the fd solution, a feature that is significantly superior to the fd solution. For the sake of an excellent comparison in this strongly modified flow it is pleasing to note that the execution time for the cgmv solution was only about 20 % of the time required for the fd solution, demonstrating the extremely high efficiency of the former method. Here we shall describe convergence of momentum resolution. In our second shock, we shall refer to the convergence of momentum resolution. The speed of our calculations in our implementations of the two methods is roughly proportional to the reduction factor of the number of momentum values used, since the cgmv method requires two distributions @ xmath42 and @ xmath44 for each momentum bin. For the simulations, the solution was achieved at xmath160, which led to xmath161 . This simulation brought the response up to xmath160 . . . but after xmath160 some cr energy escaped through the right boundary, as a result of diffusion upstream (i.e., the feb boundary, and references therein). This energy loss amounts to a cooling effect, and the compression increased with time as the simulations ended. See the whole of the channel . . . The spatial grid, spanning the interval 0 . . . , is sufficient to contain the leading edge of the precursor almost to the end of the simulations. There is a slight residual effect that the position of the subshock in /sent> is not determined by the location of the subshock. In the cgmv method, owing to the fact that it covers a large part of the momentum range, it is necessary to consider the widening of the forward momentum distribution, and to infer the evolution of the shock. The cgmv resemblance is shown by the red curves which the corresponding cgmv resemblance to the fd resemblance is marked with the red line. The cgmv resemblance to the fd resemblance is considerably less pronounced in the cgmv resemblance, and is slightly higher in the cgmv simulations near the piston, where the shock first formed. The coarsest of the cgmv resemblances are in basic agreement with the coarsest of the cgmv resemblances and with the fd solution. As the efficiency of the cgmv method is due to its ability to cover the entire range of momentum, it is necessary to examine how broad the range of momentum can be and to insure that the evolution of the shock can still be faithfully represented. For example, the largest allowed momentum bin size, @xmath172, depends on the strongest curve of the cr momentum distribution function and on the degree of shock modification. So, in general, the largest allowed momentum bin size, @xmath172, depends on the strength of the curvature of the cr momentum distribution function and on the degree of shock modification. This is illustrated in the lower panel of fig. 3 and, in general, the quality of the cgmv solutions for the larger momentum bins becomes deteriorated in the experiments, when the simple subgrid model for the gallopment becomes inadequate. This made the crash test considerably more computationally demanding than the tv-cm experiments. Here the test was carried out using a bohm-type diffusion model, with @ xmath176 as its parameter, and the tl-injection parameter, @ xmath177, as its parameter. The initial gas-shock mach number was about 13, whereas the engine was applied to a small-scale test, where the damping-draught ratio is roughly equal to the difference between the flow density and the flow speed, and the sound-speed, and @ xmath174 . . . note here that in the crash simulation the value of @ xmath178 was seven times greater than the previous example based on Fig. 1 . That is, since the aerodynamics required are to enumerate structure near the subshock on scales of the diffusion length for newly injected, suprathermal crs, the amr function of the crash code is used. The spatial domain for this simulation is [0, 20] . the base spatial grid consists of [xmath183] zones, giving [xmath183] . Since it is necessary to resolve structures near the subshock on scales of the diffusion length of freshly injected suprathermal crs, the amr function of the crash code is used. , fd and cgmv; the fd and cgmv are carried out with seven enriched levels, the cgmv have four enriched levels . The time - xmath183; the time - xmath183; the time - xmath183; the time - xmath183, the time - xmath183 . the base spatial grid consists of xmath184 zones, giving xmath183 . A purely fluid, not including its one element, is stable at the specified interval of time (at least, xmath186) . In that case, the simulation has to be subcycled at least three times with xmath190 in the fd simulation. This way, it is more cost-effective for the fd simulation to use a time step smaller than xmath184. But, since xmath184 is smaller than xmath189 in the fd simulation, subcycling is not necessary. Thus, for each refined level, Xmath186, the calculated time step is not less than xmath190 in the fd simulation. The ultimate aim of this fd simulation, @ xmath191, is to reach a dynamical equilibrium, that is, the postshock values of @ xmath144, if not xmath143, if not xmath32 are not able to be computed. It is true that the cgmv method is based on the diffusion coefficients averaged across the bins. For nonrelativistic particles, the friction coefficient is very steep; that is, about xmath197. However, as expected from the stronger momentum dependence of xmath197, the pulse is much larger in the present case. This shock, moreover, is weaker than the mach 1 shocks. These more important differences between the two solutions result from effective differences in the application of the bohm diffusion model with bohm diffusion. The greater difference in the two solutions in the present case is due to the effect that the two solutions derive from effective differences in the effective formulation of the tl injection model with bohm diffusion in fd and cgmv methods. The relationship of the fd and cgmv solutions is good, although it is not as good as the one illustrated in fig. 1 and fig. 2. the more noticeable differences in the agreement between the fd and cgmv solutions come from the noticeable differences in the effectiveness of the decoupling of the tl injection model with bohm diffusion. - . - the differential pressures in the second quadrant are somewhat higher, in the cgmv method, as you can see from the Figs. - he ccgmv simulation in the domain [0, 800] is a base spatial grid of math197 zones, so math198 . - the distribution of the second quadrant at xmath198 is somewhat higher in the cgmv scheme, as is evident in figs. - in this test, math32 is about 5 % greater in the cgmv simulation at xmath198 , the cgmv simulation at xmath198 is slightly higher in the cgmv simulation at early times. The cgmv simulation was applied to the domain - 0 , 800 , the base spatial grid of the @xmath197 zone is spanned by a base spatial grid of @xmath197 zones, given by @xmath199. Here the modulus of the modulus of the second bin is slightly higher in the cgmv simulation, as you see in the figures. The gas temperature is stable in the aftermath of the shock, while the previously explained concave form of the distribution is much more developed than it was in earlier times. The times asymptotic states do not depend heedlessly on the earlier history of injection. The equivalent fd simulation would be much more expensive, because it involves a long execution period and a large spatial domain. So the required spatial grid is 40 times longer than the shorter simulation illustrated in /sent>. Thus the boundary between the injection momentum and the radius of the precursor mass is relatively smaller than the shorter simulation shown in /sent> . The ratio of the vertical to the horizontal frequency of the rb trend is a general and semi-trivial equation. As you can see from the form of the distribution function in fig. 5 you can see that the gas temperature has stabilized, while the previously explained concave form of the cr distribution is better developed than it was at earlier times. The linearity of the relationship between the upstream and downstream portions of the cr population is made much more precise by the bidirectional effect of the bohm diffusion. The above calculated ratio of a single mass to a single mass was about two days on the fastest processor, so the extended simulation would have been too excessive. . . . the extended simulation took about 50 times longer. The extended simulation alone required only about 10 times the effort of the shorter simulation, clearly showing the efficiency of the simulation. The principal computational cost of such simulations is usually the cr transport itself, and in self-reproachable simulations, the analogous transport of the mhd wave turbulence which mediates cr transport. The full computation, however, required only about 10 times the effort of the shorter simulation, demonstrating the efficiency of the cgmv framework. The complex time dependent, nonlinear model of cr evolution is very expensive, if one adds in some arbitrary, self-reproachable, and perhaps time-reproachable spatial diffusion, and, of course, different momentum-dependent transport of certain other momentum-dependent transports. The main computational cost of such calculations is typically the transport of cr, and in self-reproachable models the analogous transport of the mhd wave turbulence which constitutes cr transport. The particles and waves that form the collision are sensitive to the phase-space configurations of the particles and waves. The kinetic equations of particle kinetics (often called the diffusion convection equation) are the most common approach to this problem and can be conveniently coupled with hydrodynamic equations, which collect mass and bulk momentum and energy. This is an easy and convenient approach, but it requires very little precision in the momentum space. Besides, the increase in the number of momentum bins is a substantial improvement, because the spatial spacing in the cgmv is less than the average diffusion coefficient, due to the coarse averaging of the diffusion coefficient , which is quite different from the traditional finite difference . We show that this coarse-grained, finite-volume method can be employed successfully to model strong, rc altered shocks at a lower computational cost than the usual finite-volume method . The computation is greatly enhanced, not only because the number of momentum bins is smaller, but also because the spatial spacing is less intense because of the coarse-grained average of the diffusion coefficient used by the rcd method . A new cgmv method based on the new cgmv method with a figure of xmath154, a mixture of the diffusion convection equation and the absorption theory, which is supported by the mathematical technique of cyclocyclism (as we have seen), is able to provide more precise analyses of the decomposition of the excitations of a slackening by a strongly interacting diffusion, such as the bohm diffusion, or of self-contrary treatment of diffusive diffusion and wave turbulence . . . the diferent curves . . . red lines and stars were obtained by using the new cgmv method with . . . . a pre-existing cr population, corresponding to the upstream cr pressure, if not injected at the shock (@ . . . ) at . . . The heavy dashed lines represent solutions at xmath205 by a conventional finite difference scheme with 240 momentum points (at xmath184) . the red solid lines and xs represent solutions at xmath208 by the cgmv scheme with 20 bins (at xmath185). ”