and , in particular, magnetic nanowires and nanotubes such as xmath5 , xmath6 and xmath7 can be made with various techniques and have a great deal of application in nanotechnology . In recent years, many studies have been performed about the magnetic properties of metallic nanoparticles, such as nanowires, nanotubes and nanorods, and the theories for the study of this are classified into two basic categories, namely, in the second category, in the investigation of equilibrium or non-equilibrium properties of these magnetospheres . In the third category, there have been a variety of methods for examining the equilibrium or non-equilibrium properties of these structures, namely, the mean field, the effective field, the green functions formalism, the variational cumulant expansion, vce, and monte carlo (mc) models, whose results are important for the study of magnetic properties of the shell, and in particular of magnetic nanowires and nanotubes, such as xmath3, xmath4, xmath7 and xmath7 . , namely, the eb, the eb, the exchange-reward (eb) of the core-shell nanoparticles, where the hysteresis loop has to be shifted below the nel temperature of the antiferromagnetic shell, and therefore of different magnetic phenomena, which are different from those of bulk materials. In recent years, new advances in the experimental techniques have allowed the scientists to synthesize fine nanoparticles and nanotubes, and the magnetization of certain nanoparticles, such as xmath5- One example is that lcmn, a magneton, has a negative integral--like interface, although lcmn is a ferromagnet at xcite . And as a theoretical example, the total magnetization of a transverse layer with a thickness of xcite is investigated by the application of a coefficient of friction and a coercive point, and it is shown that the magnetization can exhibit two distinct compensation points, as the thickness increases. Furthermore, the fact that the two compensation points are observed in the nanoscaled metallic layers is of a totally different nature from those observed in the bulk ferromagnets . . . . . as for the theory of ferrimagnetism in the complex materials, this work opens a new field of study for the critical phenomena of magnets in nanoscaled crystalline materials. The core-shell morphology, in contrast to the crystalline layers, can be successfully applied to the equilibrium properties of different metals (i.e. ferriagnetic crystalline structures) since this morphology is capable of explaining the different conditions of the magnetic material . . . however, the formation of the partial fields, such as nanowires or nanotubes, has a partial point due to the presence of an antiferromagnetic interface between the core and the shell, even though the lattice zones in the particle and shell are filled with identical atomic masses . . . the phenomenon of the partial points, as a matter of fact, is not quite the same as those of the bulk materials. However, the existence of such a partial point in the nanoscaled magnets is quite different from the one observed in the bulk materials I have been attempting to explain the relation between this and that in recent years , by the well-known Ives model of stochastics, to the study of dynamical aspects of phase transition properties of cylindrical, ising nanowires and nanotubes in the presence of a period of time determined by the period of the periodic magnetic field. The experimental results show that the oscillations of the magnetic field are triggered by the contraction of the physical oscillations, and that it is thus only in the latter case that the circuit is completely submerged, and it is impossible to quantify the transverse symmetry of this oscillation , because the dynamic oscillations of the physical oscillations are abrupt, and the oscillation of the magnetic field is not fastened by the time the magnetic field is being pushed back. Moreover, by means of mc simulations and by a new and unixally anisotropic heisenberg model, the phenomenon of hysterical hysteresis in a metal-based system with a shell was investigated by wu et al., to determine whether the oscillations of hysterical oscillations obey the power law or not, and they concluded that the oscillations of hysterical oscillations showed both the spin-reversal and the rotational reverse, and that the exchange inverse on the core-shell interface of the system did not have an effect on the power law scaling of the oscillation. It is evident from the spontaneous symmetry breaking that there is a dynamic transition (dpt) [17] which is also indicated by the dynamic order parameter (dpt) [17] which is defined as the time average of the magnetization of the oscill The main object of the paper is to provide a theory of the physical details that lie at the core of these questions. The main objective of this work is to attempt to clarify the physical basis of these questions. The physical treatment of this confined situation is especially important, for the amplitudes of the applied field are the same or greater than the exchange interactions, and oscillations can be accomplished with tens of times per site compared with the external field strength. the physical realization of this situation can be achieved by applying ultrafast lasers to the radii of our model, by using some new materials, which are of a lower exchange capacity than the one that is externally resonant , we have also made a review of the nanoparticle structure and the main reasons for the formation of it. We have given an approximate description of the model, in which we have given an approximate description of the nanoparticle structure and the corresponding antiferromagnetic interactions between the core and the shell (see the reference to Fig. 1 in ref. ). In this way, we have calculated the time constant hamiltonian, in which we have xmath17 and xmath17 the amplitude and angular frequency of the applied magnetic field. In our model, we have an ion-elastic core, and an ion-elastic shell, surrounded by a dielectric, ferromagnetic shell (see figure 1 in ref. ). In our model, we have chosen the neutrino magnetic resonance of a cubic ferrinoid particle, a core 3/3 and a shell 2 , which is in the form of a subscattering, the super-ion (to be a dry Our program calculates the instantaneous value of the magnetizations of the core and shell layers in mcs, and the total magnetization at the time mcs is measured. Using this technique, the result is that mcs is as mcs, which in our case is mcs, so that mcs is defined as a milligram per site or simply mcs. This is precisely the case for the microhedonic loops, which are important to get stable loops, if the first few cycles of the external field are taken as the transient, and after this transient regime a statistical averaging has been carried out (see section [4]. ]. The maximum temporal period of the hysterical oscillating field is given in mcs in such a way that @xmath32 is the number of milliamps necessary for one complete cycle of the hysteric field, and @xmath33 is the time interval. i.e. we choose @xmath28 , we get a time step, because in our simulations we choose @xmath28, so that we get @xmath29. The time step is given by the number of milliamps in the site, and the step is called the mc step, or simply mcs , . the frequency of the oscillating magnetic field is described by the number of mcs in the mcs of the oscillating field and by the mcs at the time of the oscillating field and @xmath27 . from this number of milliamps, almost all of the parameter sets, are found to be . . . in this section we will examine the dynamic phase transition properties of the ferrimagnetic nanoparticle system. In the first place, the particle’s thermoelectrical response to the fluctuating magnetic fields is analyzed in section (and in part) , and in part (a) we have studied the coefficients of hysteretic response of the particle to the continually oscillating magnetic fields. , and in part (b) we have examined the magnitude and the frequency of the resonant magnetic field, and the couplings which have been defined in equation (b) . In this section we have investigated the conditions which permit the mechanism to be tested in the system. Theoretical response of the particle to the periodic oscillating magnetic field has been analyzed in section (b) and in section (c) hysteretical properties of the magnetic properties have been analyzed. In this section we have taken into account the results of the two experimental investigations: in section [a] , we have considered the dependence of the critical temperature of the particle on the amplitude and frequency of the oscillating magnetic field, and the exchanges of a particular gravity to be observed, in this section, [b] - In order to understand the influence of the antiferromagnetic interface coupling xmath2 between the core and the shell on the dynamic phase transition properties of the system, we have presented the phase diagrams in a plane of three oscillation periods, i.e., at three intervals, i.e., at very low frequencies, dynamic magnetic field corresponding to the instantaneous ferrimagnetic order of the particle can respond to the oscillating magnetic field with some delay, whereas as the oscillating magnetic field gets lower, a competition with the time of the field and the relaxation time of the system, so that the dynamic magnetic field cannot respond to the external field, due to the increasing phase gap between the magnetic field and the magnetic field , and hence the dynamic magnetic field cannot respond to the external field, as the phase gap between the field and the magnetic field increases. Besides, if the temperatures at the transitions are very low , we find that the transition temperature gradually increases as the strength of the magnetic interaction xmath54 increases . This phenomenon is independent of the amplitude xmath56 and the period xmath56 of the external field. This phenomenon is independent of the amplitude xmath56 and the period xmath52 of the external field . We can see from Figure Fig. 2 that although the ferromagnetic exchange between the particles of the nanoparticles is relatively weaker than the connection between the shell and the core (i.e. @ xmath54), both the core and the shell have to undergo a dynamic phase transition at a critical temperature as a result of the relatively strong interferometric coupling . . . therefore, in the phase diagrams shown in Figure Fig. 2 , we can find the difference in temperature between the phase diagrams shown in Figure Fig. 3 . . . in fact, in these studies, at least one compensating point has been predicted for equilibrium properties of the system, i.e. for @ xmath64 . . . but the total magnetization of the system has been defined so that the disparity between the spins of the core and the shell layers has been marked by an almost continuous behaviour, at a temperature induced maximum by increasing the temperature . . . Moreover, in Figure 3 a, fig. 3, a and b, we see the effect of the antiferromagnetic coupling at xmath2 on the temperature dependencies of dynamic parameters, which correspond to the diagrams shown in Figure 3 b. As a matter of fact, this result is in conflict with some previous works at xcite . . . – Increasing the density of the magnetic field, such as the density of the nitrogen, so that the variation of the magnetic field is cyclic and at high oscillations the system does not exhibit compensating properties – in other words, in the figure – Fig – Fig – Fig – Fig – Fig – Fig – Fig – Fig – Fig – Fig – Fig – Fig – Fig – Fig – Fig – Fig – Fig – Fig – Fig – Fig – Fig, Fig – Fig, Fig – Fig, Fig, Fig, Fig, Fig, Fig, Fig, Fig, Fig, Fig. 1, Fig. 2 – Fig. 3 – Fig. 3 – FIG. 3 – Fig. 3 – The influence of the external amplitude of the external field on the temperature axis of –mm.43, –mm.65 and –mm.66 for a combination of hamiltonian parameters corresponding to the phase diagrams depicted in Figure.3 – Fig. 3 – Fig. 3 – FIG. 3 – FIG. 3 – FIG. 3 – Fig. 3 – Fig. 3 – Fig. 3 – Figure 3 – Fig. 3 – Fig. 3 – Fig. 3 – Fig. 3 – Fig. 3 – Fig. 3 – Fig. 3 – Fig. 3 – Fig. 3 – Fig. 3 – After all, as a supplementary analysis, we will also take advantage of some data from the phase diagrams of Figure 1 , to represent the behavior of the magnetized, mechanical, and metallic phases. Figure 1 is a very accurate representation of the magnetic, electrical, and metallic phases. But as a complementary investigation, let us illustrate the phase diagrams of Figure 1 , that is, to a certain extent, in a given amplitude of the field amplitude, which is relatively high (in comparison with the number of mcss) in which the non- equilibrium properties of the system have been simulated, even at extremely high speeds and pressures. Figure 1 shows the magnetic behavior of a metal as seen in Figure 2b. However, if the amplitude of the field is sufficiently large, the first hump, observed at low temperatures, sharpens, and the other, observed at higher temperatures, is not changed, since it is the thermal change of the magnetization of the metal layer, which does not change suddenly, and the temperature increases. However, as a complementary investigation, we will show the magnetic profile corresponding to the phase diagrams shown in Figure 2b . We will also see that the proportion of xmath81 to xmath82 is a very large one, in comparison with xmath74 . . . The core and shell layer of the particle , however, exhibit a P-like behaviour, while for xmath75, a compensation temperature increases with increasing xmath81, and a n-type dependence is also established at which the total magnetic flux of the core and shell layer is reduced to zero by complete shutting down of the core and shell layer magnetization. (b) in connection with the temperature dependence of the oscillation period @ xmath62 of the temperature dependence of dynamically equalled parameters @ xmath66 and @ xmath66 of the core and shell layers of the particle for xmath71, xmath73, xmath70 and xmath60. These observations are shown in Fig. Fig. b. As we have already seen, according to Fig. , the value of @ xmath1 increases in proportion to the value of @ xmath1; and at xmath76, at xmath76, the effect of compensation temperature decreases with increasing @ xmath61; and we also see that the force extinction of @ xmath43 becomes zero by the complete cancellation of the magnetization of the core and shell layers. On the contrary, it is worth mentioning that the hysteresis of a solid subject is characterized by the coercivity of its magnetic material, which is not changed with time; whereas the coercivity of a solid subject exhibits coercivity in the ferromagnetic phase, while coercive fields in the non-equilibrium phase always appear in the dynamic paramagnetic phase. .. Therefore, in order to obtain a static condition, the first 100 cycles of the external field are discarded, and the data collected for a period of 400 cycles. In order to obtain a stationary condition, the first 100 cycles of the external field have been discarded, and the data have been collected for a period of 400 cycles. This distance between the hysteric and the hysteric loops is as follows: Fig.7 .. , size = 302 , title = "Fig. 8 Aesthetically, it is shown in Fig. 9 in Fig. 7 a that a relatively weak interaction of the ferromagnetic charge between the core and the shell layer is present in Fig. 9 b and Fig. 9 in Fig. 9. b and Fig. 9 in Fig. 9. We can see that, in Fig. 9 in Fig. 9 a, and Fig. 9 in b, the antiferromagnetic effect is different, and the coefficient of asymmetrical or ferromagnetic charge decreases with the strength of ferromagnetic charge. But, as shown in Fig. 9, coercivity is not changed by the change in Fig. 9 a. On the contrary, the width of the coils becomes narrower but does not disappear for the high Fig. 6a. In Fig. 8 the size of the coils becomes smaller, but not less for the high Fig. 6a. But the coercivity does not disappear at high Fig. 6a. that is to say, the three-point loops of the equilibrium theory may also have physical origins. The ferromagnetic component of the core (here, heave, heave) is weak, but it is inclined antiferromagnetic, for the existence of strong @xmath13 interaction and weak ferromagnetic core (heave) interactions. Then, as the magnetic field amplitude is reached to the value @xmath70 within a half-cycle, both of the core and the shell are magnetized by the external magnetic field. But the fact is that the three-hysteresis loops observed in the present system are not physical, for the interfacial interaction strength @xmath2 is usually supposed to be between the values @xmath86 and the exchange bias system @xcite. We have calculated the triple-hysteresis loops by considering the angular series of the instantaneous magnetizations. This phenomenon may, however, be not physical, for the strength of the interfacial interfacial interaction strength @xmath2 is usually supposed to be below the range of @xmath86 in the exchange bias systems @xcite. Thus, the maximum phase lag between the magnetizations of the core and the shell is now attained, and the result is the triple hysteresis loops. “Let’s have a final look at the properties of the particle for some selected quantities of hamiltonian and magnetic field . . . As Figure [10] shows, the effect of the shell thickness on the coercivity and hysteresis curves of the highest frequency in Figure [10], corresponding to the inverse of (b) and (c) . As a result, as Figure [10] illustrates, the coercivity of the particle loses its symmetry, and the particle exhibits a dynamic phase transition from paramagnetic to a dynamically ordered phase with increasing @ . . . , which is a signal of the dynamic phase transition. As you can see from Figure [10] b, the hysteresis loop loses its symmetry, and the particle shows a dynamic phase transition from paramagnetic to a dynamically ordered phase, according to the increase of . . . . This phase transition itself is completely due to the magnetization of the shell layer of the particle, because the magnetization of the core does not change, as @ xmath91 is varying. This moment transition is quite caused by the magnetization of the core, because the magnetization of the core does not change its shape as @ xmath91 changes. - the case of hysteresis curves in the figure of hysteresis - is represented in b and c, respectively. - in the figure of hysteresis curves of hysteresis - , title = fig - , width = 313 ] - and the hysteresis curves of hysteresis - in the figure of hysteresis - in the figure of hysteresis - are compared in figure [fig 11] a with [fig 11] a , which is from the xmath - from the Xmath, the magnetization of the particle can be instantaneously followed by the external magnetic field, but with a phase delay . . . By comparing the figure of a and b, we can clearly see that the system exhibits a great coerciveness in high-frequency areas. corresponding hysteresis curves of the total magnetization , - - are drawn for the temperature values - - xmath89 - - , - - - . corresponding hysteresis curves of the total magnetization - - are drawn for the temperature values - - - b, - c, respectively. It is clear from Figures (Figs. 12 and 13) that although the system is in a ferrimagnetic order, there is no compensating element. Moreover, it can easily be observed in Figures (Figs. 12 and 13) that the maximum of the total magnetization curves increases with increasing @xmath91, but the axis remains unchanged, even if the particle size changes and the axis approaches the bulk limit with increasing @xmath91. (b) @ xmath68, @ xmath54, @ xmath70, and @ xmath56. (c) @ xmath74, @ xmath76, @ xmath101, and @ xmath56 . . . The gravity curves of the particle are to be treated as p, n, q, q, in this case, for the p-type and the n-type are to be treated separately, in the presence of surface-reduction or even resonant oscillations. the opposite is true, and the presence of a strong antiferromagnetic interaction (such as 12) is not sufficient for the detection of a compensating condition. According to the nel nomenclature of the particle, the magnetic properties of the particle are observed to follow the p-type, n-type and q-type classifications under certain conditions. According to our experimental results, we have shown that the whole system does not exhibit a compensating condition in the presence of a surface-enhanced exchange (as @xmath54) and at high oscillations, but that there is no compensating condition. We have also investigated some of the ferrimagnetic properties of the particle. * In this section, we describe the magnetization and the magnetic characteristics of the particle, . . . , by calculating the total magnetization of the system, especially the total magnetization of the core and shell, and this is very important, because the number of spins in the core and shell is generally not equal in the simulations, in this regard, recent calculations are very useful, since the number of spins in the core and shell is generally not equal in the numerical models of the ferromagnetic particle. , we have also discovered that, as a consequence of the increase in shell thickness, the curves of the whole magnetization curve are changed from n-type to q-type, and the compensation point disappears with increasing shell thickness. all of these observations show that the shape (amplitude and frequency) of the driving field and the particle's size play an important role in the thermal and magnetic properties, coercivity, remanence and compensation temperature of the particles. , it is most likely because, in contrast to the traditional methods, such as mft and eft, the method we use in our present study is completely taken into account of the thermal variations in the present system, which allows us to obtain non-artificial results. In this respect, it may be useful to explain the structure of the dynamical system in a realistic way by using a model of a hamiltonian hamiltonian with an ensemble of interacting particles, which may not be necessary. The experimental results above show that the shape (amplitude and frequency) of the driving field and the size of the particles have an important influence on the thermal and magnetic properties of the particle, such as coercivity, remanence and temperature. All the other observations outlined above show that the amplitude and frequency of the driving field and the size of the particles have an important influence on the thermal and magnetic properties, which are coercivity, remanence and temperature of the particle. This is perhaps a future work. It is hereby reported that the authors y ... y ... and e ... v ... thank the scientific and technological research council of turkey (tbitak) for partial financial support. This work was carried out at Dokuz eyll University, graduate school of natural and applied sciences, and the numerical calculations reported in this paper were performed at the tbitak ulakbim, high-performance and grid computing center (tr-grid e) . . . 212 p. . . . . . . , pieiro y, rivas b, rivas b, lpez – quintela m a 2012 j . . . . ’ y. . . . After a good many, he is very pleasant, but he is pleasant, and he is also pleasant, as he is at ease with himself. . . . . a wonderful animal, and he is long-tempered and is well behaved. . . . . . . . “I'll come to that later, and we'll tell you how to do it, a good tittle-tittle! ... This is what is called “quality”; it is what 325* – the quality of the piece. - “quality of the piece, and a picture of the state of y-dimensionality” – “Structural Sementization”, p. ; p. ; p. ; 227 * 2364 kekin m, sarli n, and deviren b, 2012; solidity commmun. - * 305 * 384 You can't make a human being. I shall give it to you, i'm the most learned of men and the most humble of men, and the most pious, who have reached the heart of our mysteries, and to you will have it only. I would like to congratulate you on this so that I might hear of you!' ' 'In science and technology', edited by g. T.rado and h. suhl (University Press, New York, 1963), p. 319 ; 5325393 streka a, ranganathan r, and mazumdar c 2009 . . . . _ ______ f[13] deviren b, kantar e, and keskin m 2012 ... j. . . . . - 057500 stanciuc d, kimel av, hansten f, tsukamoto a, itoh a, kiriuk a, and rasing t 2006 - phys c - 1057402 choi b c, belov m, hiebert w k, ballentine g e, freeman m r 2001 - phys c - 103304 - ch x z, jalil m b a, lee h k, okabe y 2006 - phys c - 109154 - ch x z, jalil m b a, lee h k, okabe y 2006 - j phys c - 79 , ch h b, ch liu d, ch shiroty ch, ch yang h, yang j, yang j, ch ch r m phys c , p 107 r 103 - ch b, ch liu j, ch a d, ch h h k, ch ch b , p 119 ch x ch x z, ch k, tsukamoto, ch h, kiriuk a, rasing th, ch p c 2004 phys c e