- In a - xmath0 - graph is a graph which at each vertex has a bijection of its perimeter from the fringes of its external half to the verizens of a cycle graph - the half edges are formally - half edges are - opposite if they are mapped to vertices of maximum distance in the cycle graph. in - xcite, the first author (t. f.) introduced - xmath0 - graphs as a generalization of four-valent - graphs and gave a logical illustration of them. in - xcite, the second named author (v. o. m.) addressed the question of whether four-valent - graphs are planar. in - xcite, the second named author (v. o. m.) provided a solution to the question whether four-valent - graphs are planar. - xcite is always meant by an encapsulation of a - xmath2 into a surface - xmath3 such that the formal relation of being encapsulated coincides with the relation of being encapsulated - . In order to achieve this, we apply the regularity of a cycle, in xmath2 to meet certain properties, called a rotating-splitting cycle. In this way we estimate the number of white and black cells in the embedding, which is equal to the number of circles which are sewed up by surgery of the first (second) of these chord diagrams. our methods are near those of the previous paper, xcite, which were, in fact, based on the methods of the second author (v. o. m.) in xcite for the framed four-valent graphs. the authors of this paper thank victor anatolievich vassiliev and sergei vladimirovich chmutov for their excellent discussions. Our goal is to provide a method for determining whether a given graph of xmath0 has a checkerboard embedded in a non-orientable surface of genus xmath5 , and that the result of a checkerboard is a pair of graphs. We show that this is equivalent to a problem of matrices. , the numbers of white and black cells in the embedding are equal to the number of circles created by the surgical operation of the first and second graphs of the graph. . . . In this way, the main problem can be reformulated as follows: given a @ xmath0 graph , where all the vertices are of degree 4 or 6 , choose a color for the angles around each vertex, so that the genus of the resulting atom is teeming. so that for each @ xmath0 atom corresponding to the @ xmath0 graph, there are teemings of @ xmath12 that are corresponding to @ xmath12. If such a graph has @ xmath11 vertices, then there are teemings of @ xmath12 corresponding to @ xmath12. uler circuit teeming @ xmath6 of a @ xmath0 graph, a 4 math15 math15 is rotated, with respect to @ xmath16 if the math17 and math18 are adjacent half-edges around @ xmath19. Thus, given an euler circuit teeming @ xmath6 of a @ xmath2 graph, the @ xmath2 atoms corresponding to @ xmath2 are unique. And for the other two points, @xmath20, @xmath21 and @xmath22 are on adjacent half-edges, and @xmath23 and @xmath24 are on adjacent half-edges. If the order of the edges containing @xmath17 and @xmath18 is in accordance with this order, then the angle is said to be untwisted; otherwise it is twisted . . . if there is more than one cycle, because the graph is connected, there must be a vertex in Xmath19 shared by different cycles. if the Xmath2 graph is connected, there must be a vertex in Xmath19 shared by different cycles . . . if the xmath2 graph is connected, then Xmath2 has a resemblance to a resemblance with a resemblance to a resemblance with a resemblance to a resemblance to a resemblance to a resemblance to a resemblance between two resemblances, we consider the two paths, that is, the one from Xmath19, by starting at Xmath19, going through one of its edge, and then following the resemblance to a resemblance with the resemblance to a revolving structure until we reach Xmath19. This gives us a partition of the edges of xmath2 into all kinds of disjointed cycles. A 'charming' is a diagram based on a square graph of xmath, with a distinguished hamiltonian cycle; that is, an embedding on xmath, covering all the vertices of xmath. if each of the cycles contains a pair of opposite edges, we can assign to xmath19 the charming structure shown on the right side of xmath - intro to join the cycles. if no one of the three cycles contains a pair of opposite edges, we can assign to xmath19 the charming structure shown on the right side of xmath. . . . . if one of the three cycles contains a pair of opposite edges, the other two are a pair of opposite edges, so that xmath becomes a twisted vertex with one twisted angle . . . if a cycle does not contain a pair of opposite edges, then we have two possibilities: either one of the cycles contains a pair of opposite edges, or one of the cycles contains a pair of opposite edges, and the other two are opposite edges . . . a signed @ xmath0 - chord diagram - is a @ xmath0 - chord diagram - a sign signed by the edge not in the distinguished cycle of @ xmath2 , connecting two vertices of degree 3 which are in the distinguished cycle. a triad of a @ xmath0 - chord diagram @ xmath2 is a vertex of xmath19 not in the distinguished cycle of @ xmath2 , it is a triangle of xmath19 not in the distinguished cycle of @ xmath2 , it is a triad of xmath19, it is called a triad point, an arc of a @ xmath0 - chord diagram @ xmath2 is a vertex of xmath19 not in the distinguished cycle of @ xmath2 , it is connected to a shared vertex of xmath19, it is called the principle vertex of the triad . a triad of a @ xmath0 - chord diagram @ xmath2 is a vertex of xmath19 not in the distinguished cycle of @ xmath2 , it is in the distinguished cycle of . . . for every chord in @ xmath34 containing vertices @ xmath32 and @ xmath35, there is a chord in @ xmath36 containing vertices @ xmath32 and @ xmath36 containing the same sign – a chord of the same sign – connecting vertices @ xmath32 and @ xmath32 – in a chord in which @ xmath32 is connected to a chord in which @ xmath21 is adjacent to @ xmath18 – (discussed) a divided chord of assigned @ xmath0 – chord in which the initial vertex is @ xmath16 and whose principal vertex is @ xmath16 such that @ xmath18 and @ xmath17 are in the opposite half – edges around @ xmath19, where the sign of the sign of the sign of the edge connecting @ xmath32 to another vertex @ xmath33 is positive if and only if @ xmath21 is adjacent to @ xmath18 [1]. Besides, the chords connecting @ xmath32 to @ xmath35 and @ xmath41 in @ xmath36 have the same signs as the edges connecting the triad. “As an example, let us suppose xmath2 is board, arranged on a closed surface, xmath3; then, according to the diagram of xmath7, two chords corresponding to the same chord in xmath30 are referred to, or they are called, respectively, Xmath32 to Xmath35, and Xmath41 to Xmath37. Furthermore, the chords connecting Xmath32 to Xmath35 and Xmath32 to Xmath41 in xmath37 have signs opposite to the edges, connecting the triad point of Xmath29 to Xmath35, and xmath41 to Xmath41 in Xmath37. These chords are not linked. If a certain sign 'approachable' of a signed chord diagram 'cds' arose from the expansion of a signed chord diagram 'cds', it is a pair of signed chord diagrams 'cds', such that a single chord, @cds_, is in cds_46, and one, 'cds', is in cds_47 . . . One chord in cds_cds is in cds_f. Observe that the two chords drawn in the vicinity of a rotating vertex are in the same part, and the two chords in the vicinity of a splitting vertex are in different parts . . . the coloring of xmath3 divides the chords of xmath7 into two families, those that are lying in the white part and those that are lying in the black part . . . Hence given an xmath0 graph - xmath2 - all vertices of - 4 or 6 and a xmath7 graph, we have a one-to-one correspondence between atoms of xmath2 and xmath7 . . . . . note that the two chords drawn in the vicinity of any alternating 6 vertex - xmath19 do not intersect in xmath3 , as shown in Figures r0t, r1t, r2t, r3t, r3t . . . . ; you have to find the intersection of a 'signed chord', i.e., a matrix of chords of the kind that follows the 'abundance matrix', that is, an 'abundance matrix' over 'abundance'. The number of two cells on the white side of the embedding is the number of circles which result in surgery of 'abundance'. Then the number of two cells on the black side of the embedding is the number of circles that result in surgery of 'abundance'. The number of two cells on the white side of the embedding is the number of circles that result in the surgery of 'abundance'. . . . Consider the embedding of 'abundance' with 'abundance'. Since 'abundance' is the term for 'powerlessness', it is a factor of 'abundance' , that is to say, it is the sum of 'abundance'. ' This is the result of 'an abduction'. I cannot see how it can be brought to a problem of matrices like this. - by Lemma - genus - a nonorientable genus of xmath3 is - xmath70 . - so that xmath2 has a atom of genus - xmath5 if and only if there is a permissible partition of indices of xmath72 into two parts, so that chords arising from the same triad in xmath30 are in the same part, and chords arising from the same double chord in xmath30 are in different parts . so xmath2 has an atom of genus - xmath5 if and only if there is a permissible partition of indices of xmath72 into parts of xmath74 and xmath75, so that xmath72 is a permissible partition of indices of xmath72, such that xmath73 is the intersection matrix of xmath73, and xmath75 is the intersection matrix of xmath7 . a 1,400-point graph of xmath2 with an elongated exclamation from Xmath2 is embedded in the projective plane, if and only if there is a permissible separation of xmath72 into two chord diagrams, one of which consists of a family of pairs of linked negative chords, and one of pairs of linked negative chords, which are not linked to each other or to the negative chords, and the other of which consists of a family of pairs of pairs of unlinked negative chords. . . . . , if the chord is not assigned to the group, take the chord and assign it arbitrarily to the group of chords from the group of negative chords. Repeat this process until the chords of the new chords have been assigned, and the chords of the other chords have been assigned. Let us test this condition by the following algorithm, which takes time quadratic in the number of chords of xmath36: first, assign all negative chords to the same chord, then assign all positive chords to the other chord, and the second one to the same chord, with the same rules as above. The condition is met if, and only if, an embedding of @xmath2 in the klein bottle is so that the smoothing of @xmath6 separates the klein bottle into two mbius bands. In this case, we have a permissible separation of @xmath7, consisting of a family of two closely connected, negative chords and a family of positive chords that are not related to each other or to the negative chords . if the chord is positive, then all chords connected to it should be added to the other chord; if it is negative, then all chords connected to it should be added to the other chord, and if it is negative, then all chords linked to it should be added to the other chord, and then repeat this process until all chords are assigned. here is the first thing: we shall see that the former is #xmath89. We shall first look at the latter: is it possible to make this separation with xmath8 . . . if this test is not successful, it is possible that xmath8 had an epoch in the kvass bottle, where a slight smoothing of xmath6 divides the kvass bottle into two mbius bands. - So - There's an embedding into the klein bottle where the smoothing of -Xmath6 is bound by a disc if and only - There's an embedding into the klein bottle where the distinguished cycle is bound by a mbius band. - Now, if the distinguished cycle in the embedding of -Xmath92 is bound by a disc, then the distinguished cycle in the embedding of -Xmath93 is bound by a mbius band.