In the past, attacks on the power grid generally concerned hacking and stealing meter readings and breaker statuses. They aim at changing the estimation results without being detected by the estimator. Attacks of the cyber-power grid, however, primarily concerned those who change meter readings and breaker statuses in order to alter the state of the power grid. These attacks are described in the following: a mixed integer approach, a heuristic detection method, a sparse recovery method with @ xmath0 relaxation, a graph-cut analysis method for systems with phasor measurement units (pohus) . the collected measurements are generally divided into two classes: meter readings and breaker statuses. The breaker statuses on the transmission lines define the present operational topology of the power grid. The meter readings, consisting of lines and bus power injection, are used to estimate the state variables over the estimated topology. The effect of this noise is minimized by the placement of redundant/updated meters and the use of suitable bad data detection and correction techniques by the estimator xcite . cyber attacks on the power grid usually refer to the transduction of malicious measurements into meters (meter readings and breaker statuses) and are intended to change the state estimates without being detected by the estimator. In the past, the literature on cyber attacks has focused more on adversaries who are able to change the meters and not the breaker statuses. These attacks involving the injection of malicious data into meters have been first studied in xcite . The authors of xcite based their attack on the projection matrix We present a new hidden attack model based on changes in the status of the breakers. This model is more or less similar to the one of @xcite which studies the attack of graph partitions in the context of graph partitioning. the structure of our model is based on the analysis of the lines with flow and injection metering, and the new, graph-coloured analysis of the metering focuses on the hidden attacks, which are based on changes in the status of the breakers. The changes in the status of the breakers are less insignificant, because the watch can focus on the destruction of the communication lines to the tune of a certain amount of information, but the adversary does not modify any measurement to an arbitrary value. We conclude that a well-designed hidden attack depends on changing the status of the breakers, and therefore, by changing the status of the breakers, the hidden attack will also be possible. This work generalizes the concept to any grid with leakage and injection meters, and makes the optimal hidden attack. Nevertheless, the exact pattern remains the same, for the case does not involve the corruption of the leaks, and instead only binds and sends signals to all the breakers, and thus, the clearer the attacker can be, the less demanding the target is, because there is no escape from leaks, since the manifold must be disconnected. The mysterious finding of our analysis is that, under normal operating conditions, a single change in the breaker status (which is the necessary flow measurement jamming) is enough to create an undetectable attack . We consider, however, that in such cases the subtle changes in the status of the breakers are less severe than the other checks, because if the network is interfered, a noticeable loss of We will now consider the dc power-line model for state estimation in this paper, and will use this dc-based model to depict the state of the grid. The state variables in this model are the duct-hole angles, denoted by the vector xmath20. state estimation in the power-line consists of the variable xmath20 of the meter. The meter measurements are labelled as xmath20. the direction of flow on edge xmath12 is taken to be from xmath13 to xmath14, without any loss of generality. First, we explain the notation used. , we show the current operational structure of the grid, with a graph xmath3, where xmath4 denotes the set of buses / nodes of size xmath5 and xmath6 denotes the set of operational edges of size xmath7 , the line flow measures are included in xmath24, and the injection measures are included in xmath24 , the direction of flow on edge xmath12 is taken to be from xmath13 to xmath14, without any loss of generality. We discuss the state variables in this model by drawing a diagram, xcite, representing the current electric network. The state variables in this model are the phase angles of the buses, denoted by the vector xmath20, and the vector xmath25 is the meter angle, which is the vector xmath22. We therefore, for the convenience of reading and analysis later, insert all zeros to the matrix, which is, in short, a diagonal square matrix of dimension xmath7. The matrix xmath39 is formed by the rows in xmath10 that correspond to the nodes with injections . . . b—— ab . . . b—— a—b——a——— (“sample”—“backward,”“sample,”“survey”—“ruinment,” “circle”—”[11] . [11] When the minimum residual is not satisfied, the corresponding flags turn on and the corrections performed by the estimator. . . . by means of the matrix in xmath10, which includes the top xmath10 rows that correspond to the lines with injected data, the optimal state vector estimate is given by minimizing the residual of xmath43 . . . . if the minimum residual does not satisfy the tolerance, the sensitivity of xmath4 will be turned on and the corrections are performed by the estimator. —Then we refer to the extrapolation of the figure referred to in the following section: What is necessary and sufficient? In the next section we describe a graphic chart showing the necessary conditions for a successful break-in-defense. In order to calculate the changes in the estimation of the state vector relating to the break-in-defense, the equations (flowcond) , -flap, -flap, -flap, - flap and - rank. — On the right side we note that if the status of a line is changed (flow cond), then the cond remains unchanged after the attack. And, on the left side, if the cond is changed, the cond is no longer needed, and -63 = new state vector. In the next section we will describe a graphical analysis of the necessary and sufficient conditions, and we will use it to explain the optimal state for the design of optimal routing.  In the next section, we shall describe a graph coloring of the necessary and sufficient conditions, and shall explain the reasoning for the optimal routing. The cond is followed immediately by the release of the line with the flow measurement changed (@xmath51), so that the measurement on this line remains unchanged (@xmath53) . In a single attack, the cond is preceded by the errant break-in, whose boundary line with the unfazed breaker is affected, then the determined flow will be divided between lines, connected to the same bus, whose breakers are still intact, but the measured flow will not be received (right) . These are transports whose interiors are the same color as their neighboring nodes; they are drawn in a pattern such as: the dotted red lines represent broken lines, the solid black lines represent operational lines. The gray lines with red bars represent the buses connected to the bus #xmath59. The bus @xmath59 is not jammed, but the bus #xmath59 is a color that corresponds to the map shown in figure [fig.1]. Here is a test model of transport. A network of buses connected through lines of available flow (not jammed) is of the same colour. The lines between the buses of different groups do not carry any flow measurement or are jammed by the adversary. Thus a network of buses connected to all buses with available flow measurements is of the same color. There are two types of such buses: a) connected to lines with a smitten breaker (see bus h. h. h. h. h. h) and a) connected to lines with a smitten breaker (see bus h. h. h. h) , and b) connected to buses with smitten breaker (see bus h. h. h. h). The dotted red lines represent the smitten lines, and the solid black lines represent the operations. h. h. (f) Figure “Supernode” illustrates the reduced graph construction of the example given below. ‘ In this simplified example, the lines between the buses of different colors are abolished. The flow on the red lines does not yet be measured; the grey lines with red bars represent the lines that have been attacked and influence the injections on the two buses of the same color. Thus, in this simplified case, the boundary-injected buses are restricted to the same colour as the interior buses. In each colour, enlist boundary-injected buses in each supernode of the same color. to the same-coloured supernodes as well as between the opposite supernodes. the injection-measurements on the same-coloured supernodes are equal to the sum of original flows on the lines with their attacked breakers connected (positive for inflow, negative for outflow). if no line with an intact breaker has been interrupted, the injections are equal to the sum of corresponding flows on the other supernodes of the same color. Figure 13 illustrates the reduced graph construction for the example of Graphcoloring. There, we have now seen the condition ('rank') necessary for unique state estimation under a plausible attack by graph coloring. We now look at the condition ('rank') that is necessary for unique state estimation after a feasible attack by graph coloring. Here, let the number of groups be @xmath72, and let the number of independent entries in @xmath72 be @xmath73 (one entry being @xmath2). Then, the number of independent entries in @xmath73 is equal to the number of injection measurements at the supernodes in @xmath72. Note that the equation for injection measurements is equationd, which is a row of the laplacian matrix of the approximated form of the laplacian matrix for @xmath62. Using the reduced form of @xmath62, we show the following result: the number of injection measurements at the boundary buses should be one less than the number of distinct colors in the grid buses. Note that the number of degrees of freedom in @xmath66 (proportional to the number of distinct values in @xmath57) is one less than the number of colors, because one color is denoted the reference phase of @xmath2 . "Tell me!" if the reduced graph Xmath62 contains a closed circle of supernodes with injection measurements, then the measurements will represent the entire fluelmetric curve of the ring, that is to say rank deficient. if multiple attacks can be made with the minimum number of injections, we select the attack that requires the least number of measurement changes. we call an attack a feasible one if it requires only minimum number of patched repair jobs (as this is much more resource-consuming than a measure jamming) . , if a possible attack can be designed with the minimum number of patched repair jobs, then the attack is a feasible one such that all but one patched repair jobs are changed back to their original operational state ( @ xmath73). , it is an independent, linear system of cuts and the like. If multiple counterattacks are possible by the minimum number of patched repair jobs, we choose as the optimal attack the one that requires the least amount of measured rips. In the next section we show that our graph coloring method has an unexpected result that simplifies the design of an optimal attack. if the modified graph @ xmath62 contains a closed ring of supernodes with injections, then the measurements will represent the whole graph laplacian of the ring, which is rank-inficient. The real valued entries in the left side of the “fixed comma” column will not cancel out in the normal operational conditions. However, the real-valued entries in the “fixed commas” column” on the right side of the “lowered commas” column” will not cancel out under normal operation. In this section, we will show that the The blue, green and black solid circles represent the supernodes of the bus @ xmath13, @ xmath14 and @ xmath59. As discussed in theorem - one insufficient, the coloring is still feasible and leads to a non-zero change in state estimation. If we revert the breaker status of an attacked line to xmath1 while maintaining its flow measurement, the only change in any constraint equation involving that line will be that the injection measured on the incident node (a entry in the index at xmath77) will become xmath2 . . . if the breaker status of a attacked line is changed back to xmath1 while maintaining the flow measurement, the new reduced graph which will be derived is given in figure : supernode1. As we have already noted in theorem [oneenough] , the coloring is still possible and the state estimation results in a non-zero change in state estimation. At xmath81 we put all lines of flow measurements on all lines and injection measurements on a fraction of buses randomly selected. In a simple version (an extension of OPH attack) the corrections for OPH attack are based on non-zero observations of OPH attack on the diagonal of OPH attack , in addition to the non-zero observations in OPH attack , we replace them with values which are not zero. The improvement of these parameters, under normal conditions, does not affect the optimal solution, because they preserve the linear independence of the injection constraints given by the reducedinjcond, which is a perfect in itself . In this paper we have been practicing our attack on the ieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeees . . . . so that a tight slack-down (or a maximally sparse slack-down slack-down slack-down slack-down slack-down slack-down slack-down slack-down slack-down slackness) produces a convergent attack. To consider a feasible attack on a line, we change its condition and solve the problem of “opt-attack – a view of the failure of a force controller against a heat source damage, – a report from the ieeeee syst. 18 – 23 March 2004 – d. shepard, t. humphreys, and a. fansler, – evaulation of the vulnerability of phasor measurement units to gps damage by gps ", "International Conference on Critical Infrastructure Protection", – d. - k. – d. - o. vukovic, k. c. sou, g. dan, and h. sandberg, - a splinterable prevention of data-injection attacks on power system state estimation, - o. vukovic, - k. - c. sou, g. dan, and h. sandberg, - avoiding false attacks on power system state estimation, - ieee journal of selected areas in communications, vol. 30 - 6 , 2012 - o. kosut, l. jia, r. j. thomas, and l. tong, - limiting false attacks on power system state estimation , - This work is based on the work of Vishwanath, the inventor of comminutions. This work is based on a study of smart grid systems. — the conference of the ieeeinfocom’s, vol. 4, no. 313 (2013). - abur and a . g. exposito — “Power system state estimation: theory and practice” — ccs —2000. — pstca — pstca — pstca — tna et bn va naintye edu — University / Research / pstca ...