hamiltonian systems are mathematical models of those physical systems for which the energy is constant, for example harmonic oscillators and kepler systems. hamiltonian systems have constants of motion that are two or three degrees higher than two, but some of them are of great interest, as for example the three-body jacobi-calogero-calogero and wolfes systems. these systems are mathematical models of three-point masses on a line, under the potential functions for which the potential functions are calculated, which are computed in terms of the potential functions, which are also called the potential functions of the hamiltonian, and they have the same dynamics at xcite. All this is expressed in quadratic polynomials at the moment, or, for quantum systems, by second-order differential operators. In general, the ms systems are the most important systems, the harmonic oscillators and the kepler systems are ms systems, and they satisfy the theory of bertrand. ms systems are of the greatest importance in mathematics, harmonic oscillators and kepler are ms, and they fulfill the bertrand's theorem. , and therefore the systems are maximally superintegrable (ms), having a number of functionally independent constants of motion equal to two degrees of freedom, minus one (for the system, in the form of the same number of algebraically independent symmetry operators) .. . These constants are expressed either by quadratic polynomials in the momenta, or, for the system, by second-order differential operators. the natural hamiltonian @ xmath14 on the cotangent bundle of a riemannian manifold @ xmath9 can be extended to @ xmath14 by an extension of @ xmath14 to a (virtuoso) riemannian manifold @ xmath9, and let be a xmath12 - dimensional natural hamiltonian @ xmath14, where @ xmath12 is the hamiltonian vector field of @ xmath12, and teo0 let @ xmath9 be a xmath8-dimensional (virtuoso) riemannian manifold @ xmath13, with a metric tensor @ xmath13 , if and only if the following conditions apply: . The following , stated in xcite, defines and characterizes what we intend to call extensions in the specific case of natural hamiltonians on a riemannian manifold. Many examples are given in @xcite. , the expressions of the probable capacities @xmath22 can be calculated from equation ([vteo]). [vteo] for instance, the expressions of the possible potentials #xmath22 can be obtained from equation ([vteo]) . . . the particular form of @xmath19 allows one to give any number of parameters as a function, and the maximum number of parameters is only possible for a constant curve. The expressions of the perceptible potentials #xmath22 can be computed from the equation [[]] [ [[11]], by means of the particular form of @xmath19. It is possible to enumerate any number of parameters with respect to @xmath35, for the following reasons: if a function is based on @xmath38 parameters, the maximal number of parameters can be obtained only on constant curves . , the minkowski plane, the desitter and anti-desitter manifolds, respectively. This property of extended hamiltonians is studied in several cases. For instance, if we consider xmath66, that is, the generalized tremblay-trotler-Wadennitz system (ttw) - xcite for xmath67 and xmath68, - xcite for xmath67 and xmath68, and a constant interval, and the variable axis - xmath61 parallel to xmath62 w . r . to the cartesian axis - xcite - the second integral - xcite - the second integral - xcite, after a rescaling of the coordinate - xmath54, the parameter - xmath39 - in xmath17 passes into xmath6 and xmath55 , that makes it clear that the extension is taking on some discrete symmetry into xmath17, in this case a dihedral symmetry of order - xmath56, somehow connected with the second integral - xmath35 , this is especially important when the hamiltonian - xmath6 is ms. the same can be done with @ xmath39 and, after defining @ xmath77, by any rationalized version of @ xmath77, so that the generalized ttw system of above, with @ xmath78, can be written as an extension of any rationalized version of @ xmath70 . . . this will be shown in a paper in preparation . . . the expansion is carried out in this way, with @ xmath39 substituted by any positive rationalized version of @ xmath77 after a suitable definition of @ xmath77, so that the generalized ttw system of above, with @ xmath78, can be written as an extension of any rationalized version of @ xmath70 . . . the quantum correction is determined by the scalar curve and the weyl tensor @ xcite . . . this will be shown in a paper in preparation . . .