Aside from dark clouds like taurus and perseus, there are also dozens of thick cores, which are very similar to the ones that are already forming, or have in the past had done so. These dense cores, with a dense core in their core (sometimes called a starsejected or a pre-solar core), serve as special targets for examining the complex motions which occur during the accretion, when the interspersed and absorption systems are required to assemble the star and to redistribute its angular momentum. The astonishment of the recent past has made it even more difficult for researchers to find the very precise nature of the star formation process, and therefore their study can help us to deduce the formation of clouds in the space of a star . the maximum resolution of the field makes it impossible to describe the study of the dense cores, but the reader is advised to refer to the other contributions on the formation of stars, particularly van dishoeck, andr, shepherd, aikawa, wilner, johnstone, crutcher, and crutcher . the last aims of the dyads are to study the interactions between the newly born star and the surrounding environment. This brief review summarizes some new results from the study of dense cores, and presents several current problems that will be very useful for alma observations. The study of dense cores has advanced tremendously during the last decade, thanks to the increased resolution of the new millimeter and submillimeter interferometers, and to the systematic combination of dust and molecular tracers (e.g., bergin & tafalla 2007). In the past decade, The higher resolution and collecting area of alma will allow you to study the dense cores of distant clouds with great detail, achieving subarcsecond resolution at high sensitivity. On the other hand, alma will allow you to study the dense cores of distant clouds in greater detail, reaching subarcsecond resolution with high sensitivity. This is especially important when you are using the weak and optically thin tracers to obtain the innermost gas of the core. Here, of course, this characterization depends on the sensitivity limits of the observations, and this characterization is therefore susceptible of misclassifying a core with an embedded source of very low luminosity (see the case of vellos) as a “starless” core. This characterization is of course dependent on the sensitivity limits of the observations and is therefore susceptible of misclassifying a core with an embedded source of very low luminosity (see the case of vellos below) . Starless cores are systematically systematically a close to constant density of xmath2 - xmath3 - xmath4 in the central 5000 - 10000 acu, followed by a drop of almost a law of drop at large distances. This is especially important when the core is adumbrated with a thin, optically thin tracer, such as di francesco and al. 2007 . . . this fact is not dependent on the sensitivity limits of the current observations, and therefore is susceptible of misclassifying a core with a source of very low luminosity (see the case of vellos below) . There are, however, a number of interpretations to be found that agree with the theory. In fact, the density distribution of a core is usually rather uniform (at xmath5 and n@xmath6h@xmath7), while all the organisms except n@xmath5 and n@xmath6h@xmath7 present ring-like distributions around the continuum peak. The Bonnor-Ebert interpretation, however, seems incompatible with the non-spherical shape of most cores (typically 2: 1 ratio, myers et al. 1991) and with the fact that the density contrast in most cores often exceeds the factor of 14 enthalpy for stability of the Bonnor-Ebert analysis (Baker et al. 2000). , a density gradient in a core is often concentrated in the central part (of course, flattening is noticeable at the center), while all the molecules except nh@ xmath5 and nh@ xmath6h@ xmath7 present ring-like distributions around the intermediate peak. Even the seemingly 'less complicated' structure of the cores remains unknown. The most natural explanation of the density of a core is that it is a balanced configuration in which the pressure of an isothermal gas balances its gravitational attraction, e.g., the so-called bonnor-ebert profile (e.g., alves et al., 2001) . However, the bonnor-ebert interpretation seems to be at odds with the non-spherical shape of most cores (the average axial ratio is whereas in the diffuse cloud (where co is not in the air), the abundance of n @ xmath6 is not so great as it was in the stars. (Bergen et al. 2002) . . . But the abundance of n @ xmath6 decreases with the density of n @ xmath6 and decreases in the sublimation of some cores. The inhomogeneous composition of the starless solid cores probably results from the condensation of the main species onto the cold dust at the centre. (Bergen et al. 2005) so that the precipices of n @ xmath6 freeze in the same manner as co, but more importantly the original balance of the original chemical balance, characterized by a relative high abundance of co (at xmath10), is dramatically altered by the condensation of co. The high density and low temperature typical of cores in the vapor phase make the time of decomposition (@ xmath8) much shorter than the total dynamic range (@ xmath9) of the core, and as a result species like co are rapidly disintegrated from the gas phase. The decomposition of co in the vapor phase also follows a completely different pattern from that of co, but the main result is that the original chemical balance, characterized by a relative high abundance of co (@ xmath8), is changed by decomposition. I mentioned h @ xmath6d @ xmath7, because h @ xmath6d @ xmath7 is mainly destroyed by co, so the depletion of co further enhances the abundance of h @ xmath6d @ xmath7, which in turn enriches in deuterium a number of new species. In the cold, dense, pre-stellar phase, h @ xmath6co, ch @ xmath5oh, and nh @ xmath5oh are mainly destroyed by co, so the increase of co is more and more enriched, which in turn increases the abundance of deuterium a number of additional species. For the centralization of the cores, it is expected that they will become more and more centrally concentrated, until they reach the point of gravitational instability. It is important for star formation to understand whether this concentration is driven by the loss of magnetic field support (e.g., shu et al., 1987, mouschovias & ciolek 1999), or by the dissipation of turbulence (e.g., maclow & klessen 2004) . Furthermore, studies of dense cores have not yet been able to distinguish between these two possibilities, but they have shown a systematic correlation between central concentration and other indicators of evolution, like co , such as h @ xmath6d , h @ xmath7 , which is passed from the deuterium atom to other species, which in turn enriches a number of additional species . , the central object in l1521f is a near twin of l1544, (cl. misti et al. 2004) and it is the earliest of the substellar objects, if l1521f has a very low mass, then the protostar is unlikely, because the dense core has about 5 m xmath12 of mass, and no clear movement seems to prevent accretion (the extrusion is too small). as a result, the anti-albedient nature of vellos makes them ideal candidates for observation of the star. This same object, and therefore a similar object, is destined to be considered the key for alma observation. The small difference between the pre and proto-cold phases of a core is illustrated by the case of l1521f, which, in the first stages of accretion, was assumed to be nearly twin with l1544 (cl. crapsi et al. 2004), and later found by spherical observations to have a luminous central star (bourke et al., private communication). In l1521f, the central object has a luminosity of approximately 0 l @ xmath12, and this is characteristic of a new class of objects that are usually called vellos ( very low-energy objects) , their very natures being characterized by a low nebulosity and low-speed bipolar flow (bourke et al., 2005) , their status in the evolutionary evolution of protostars is still unknown. The presence of a protostar in the center of a core affects not only the gas kinematics but also the chemistry of the gas, as well. Hence it is necessary to revisit b335 and other objects and to investigate in depth the corresponding events of the accretion of the newly born star. The latter, in particular, gives an interesting alternative to the more evolved (and larger) objects like b335 which have fully developed accretion. Using alma’s high resolution, and selecting appropriate (i.e., oxygen-resistant) tracers, it is therefore necessary to clarify the complicated picture of the accretion of the star. the clean appearance of some vellos, together with the less evaporation temperatures of the dust, provides an interesting alternative to the more advanced (and huge) objects like b335, which are primarily hydrogen and helium, which exhibit a gradient in temperature around the quaternary object. These thinner vellos, however, are susceptible to the weaker signatures of infall, and may thus represent the first moments of collapse. In the region near the protostar (@xmath13) the dust temperature increases to the 90 - 100 k value at which water evaporates from the grains, further enriching the chemistry. Observations of some very young protostellar objects, like iras 16293 - 2422, show that these very small regions have high levels of a number of complex molecules, mainly molecules of microbial species, evaporation (jrgensen et al. 2004). On the same time that protostars are producing material, they release powerful bipolar outflows of supersonic speed. And, in addition, the lobes of these outflows often coincide with the vents, seen through a scattered light of the protostar, indicating that this phenomenon is a major disturbance in the core structure (padgett et al. 1999) . despite the more than two decades of intensive outflow research, a great many outstanding problems remain, and alma observations represent our best hope to solve them (see the contribution of d. shepherd to this volume). Despite this temporary uncertainty, hot corinos offer a unique opportunity to study the innermost region of low-mass protostars. Despite their unique chemical composition, they are extremely selective tracers of the most complex and interesting regions of the protostar, where inflow, outflow and rotation play different roles, and angular momentum is transmitted between different gases. The properties of the wind, for example, are not known, and several different models have been proposed over the years. Despite the clear observation of the air, the bipolar outflows often coincide with reconstructed cavities seen by the light of the protostar, and illustrate the fact that the inflows represent a major disturbance in the core structure ( padgett et al. 1999). hot corinos, in contrast, have a characteristic chemical composition that makes them very selective tracer of the most complex and fascinating region of the protostar, where the inflow, the outflow, and the rotation play the same role, and the angular momentum of different gases is transferred between different gas components. However, both models are not perfectly successful, neither can reproduce the rich kinematics of the observations sanarty - schieven et al. 1987) . . . To fit these less collimated flows, the jet models need to enlarge the path, and this is done either by precession or by wandering (mason & chernin 1993) or by large-scale bow shocks (raga & cabrit 1993) . of this stream is very rectilinear, only at the highest speeds (between 30 and 50 kms @ xmath) and without precession or drift. Luckily, none of these elements agree with the observations (arce et al. 2007) and that leaves the jet models limited to the youngest, but admittedly more spectacular, bipolar outflows. The water - iras 04166 + 2706 in Taurus shows both jet and shell features simultaneously (see fig. 2 and poster contribution by santiago garca et al.) - this Shell is evident at low velocity (10 km s @ xmath) and in the vertex, and the Blue Outflow Shell coincides with the walls of a niras (see moriarty schieven et al. 1987) .. this so-called unified, bipolar model has been found to exhibit remarkable similarities to the observation of the X- wind of shu et al. (1996) and the toroidal sphere (see the model Fig. 2 and Fig. 3); but there is no universal model for this interaction, or for the interactions of the sphere and the sphere, which are often distinguished separately. The studies of the contemporary realistic models of the x-wind of shu et al. (1996) and of a toroidal core showed that in very young influxes both jet and shell are observed simultaneously. This so-called unified model of bipolar flows not only fully integrates the jet and wide angle aspects of the flows, but also includes the development of the sphere and the dense core, two elements of which are often misunderstood. This unified model of bipolar flows, so-called unified, is not only true of the jet and wide angle aspects of the flows, but also adds to it the evolution of the flow and the lateral cores, two factors often separated from each other. The brilliant models of shang et al. (2006) demonstrate how important elements of this interaction are in the central region of 1000 a, which corresponds to less than math to the most distant clouds.