The primary aim of the efar project ( wegner 1996; note 1) is to take advantage of the strong correlations between the global properties of early galaxies embodied in the fundamental plane (fp): djorgovski & davis 1987, dressler 1987 to measure relative distances to clusters of galaxies to study the peculiar motions and the distribution of mass at large scales. These global relationships, however, also constrain the dynamical properties and evolutionary histories of early galaxies. for instance, renzini & ciotti (1996) show that the slope of the fp implies a ratio of mass to light of xmath2 in ellipticals of less than three, while the low scattering of the fp implies a scattering in xmath2 at any point in the plane of less than 12 %. However, the fp and colour magnitude relationships have been recently tested in higher redshifts, and have shown that the early type galaxies, seen at xmath9, a little over a factor of three, differ from the present-day early type galaxies in a manner consistent with passive evolutionary effects ( van Dokkum & franx 1996, ziegler & bender 1997, kelson 1997, ellis 1997, Kodama & arimoto 1997, stanford 1998, kodama 1998, bender 1998, van dokkum 1998) . , if one has a difference in molarity of ten, he finds that at a fixed twilight the ages and abundances lie in a plane of almost constant molarity, allowing him to predict little scatter in the relation, even if the difference is great in molarity. (It may be that the molarity of a galaxy is affected by the superposition of a variable molarity by a factor of ten, from one 5g to a 15g he finds that only a factor of ten in a factor of ten will give a difference of 0 51 ,1 while at a factor of ten in metallicity a difference of 0 10102 mx,5 gives a difference of 0 1022g22n. ; he found that, at fixed velocity dispersion, the ages and abundances lie in an almost constant direction, and can be predicted by little scattering even for great differences in age or metallicity a factor of ten in age (from 1 gyr to 15 gyr) only give a change of 0 101021022210382510310102105912 a factor of ten in age (from 1 gyr to 15 gyr) only gives a change of 0 1010232 822102 The correlations are, however, prone to systematic errors due to uncertainties in the relative calibration of the two components, and to some very small deviation in the quality of the two components. Therefore, the axis becomes a useful diagnostic for the determination of the formation history and the peculiarity of the elliptical spheres. In the absence of data from different sources for the elliptical spheres, however, there is also the possibility that the variation in the axis is a consequence of the occurrence of different star formation histories in different density conditions, and thus a variation in the mass-to-light ratio of the stellar population. guzmn and co-workers (1996) examine a sample of eleven clusters and find a significant negative correlation between the radiance and the local density of the cluster, which is consistent with this result. In 2 we summarize the relevant properties of the sample and the techniques used to determine the axis and its Linear Variability, and the central Velocities, and the errors in these quantities. in the next place, we examine the relation in the efalpha sample, which consists of more than 500 early-type galaxies from 84 clusters spanning a wide range of environments. guzmn and djorgovsky (1996) have predicted similar results, although burstein ( 1990) is not convinced of any external influence. in the third place, we investigate how it varies from cluster to cluster and with its local density, the centrality of the velocity dispersion, the density of the xray, and the temperature in the xray. The information presented in this paper is presented in detail: the selection of the samples in question in paper 1 (wegner 1996); the measurement, calibration and error estimation of the spectral parameters in paper 2 (wegner 1998); and the structural and morphological properties of galaxies in paper 3 (saglia 1997) . We have collected spectroscopic data on 666 galaxies, and have measured their swarming, swarming and velocity indexes (paper 2); we have combined the swarming data with literature swarming, in order to assign the galaxies to physical clusters . We have compared the swarming data with the literature swarming data to estimate the mean swarming and the velocity index of these galaxies. In addition to the galaxies that we study, we have also observed 52 well-known galaxies in coma, virgo and the field, in order to provide a adjusting link to previous studies. The swarming galaxies in our sample span a wide spectrum of luminosity, size, and mass, and their relative magnitudes range from x to x. The redshifts and the velocity dispersions were measured from the entire observed spectrum by the method of the iraf method. redshifts and velocity dispersions were measured from the spectrum of each observed galaxy, by fxcor. The corresponding errors in the corresponding axes are shown in the upper panel of Figure 1; the graph of the axes is shown in Figure 2. The axes and axes of the lick system were measured using the formula prescribed by gonzlez (93). The axes and axes of the lick system were measured in different ways: because they are the most frequently measured axes, because they are of more objects (because they have a narrower spectral field) and because they are more precise (because they are less susceptible to variations in the continuum) . a comparison with the literature (report in page 13) shows that our numbers are in keeping with the definitive lick system measurements of trager (1998), in order to derive the small zero-point corrections necessary to calibrate our results to the lick system (report in page 14 and 15) and also with the overlap of our numbers with those of lucey (1997) and whitmore (85) . For the common set of galaxies, we compared our counts with those of trager (1998), in order to obtain the small-point corrections necessary to calibrate our measurements to the lick system (report in page 3); the overlap of our measurements with those of lucey (1997) shows a definite adherence to this agreement (report, ref. ). The ratio of the slopes of these correlations is consistent with the - relation we obtain in . . . . - to be shown in Fig. - a and b ; add 0 (please note that the ratio of the slopes of these correlations is the same as that which we obtained in Fig. - (fig. ). The relation is shown in Fig. . . a and b ; whereas, adding 0 (add . . . ) there is a very good agreement between the errors in . . . In order to minimize the effects of outliers, we robustly estimate the scatter of the relation half the range spanned by the central 68 % of the data points. In order to minimize the effects of outliers, we robustly estimate the scatter of the relation as half the range spanned by the central 68 % of the data points. Further, we turn to the ml fits for the relation. We find that the distributions of the residuals in and around the ml fits are shown in the intervals to figures (fig. M. G. ) . in order to limit the effect of outliers, we robustly estimate the scatter about the relation as half the range spanned by the central 68 % of the data. Here we proceed to a review of the ml fits. We examine the distributions of the residuals in and about the ml fits in the following way: – omitting outliers, we have robustly estimated the scatter around the relation, and – omitting outliers, we estimate the scatter on the relation half the range spanned by the central 68 % of the data. Although a few giant ellipticals have intrinsically weak intrinsic values for their dispersions, schweizer (1998) – the authors indicate that the presence of such a tail is sensitive to the adopted slope of the relation. For both, the slopes are about 25 % steeper than those obtained by most previous authors. These simulations assume that there is a global linear relation, about which there is an intrinsic scatter. We vary this intrinsic scatter and obtain the robust estimate of the observed scatter in relation to the simulated distributions. (The results of these simulations are presented in Figure . . : mscat ] , comparing our results to the ones of other authors, and giving the observed scatter 30mg 30mg 30mg  32 in each case. We are finding that, to account for the observed scatter, we require an intrinsic scatter of 0 . . . , 0 . . , 0 . . . 0 . . . 0 . . . We measured the median offset of the global fit from the three-line curves in the figure above, for clusters of three or more lines, with a certain number of scales (about 78 clusters and 72 clusters) in the aggregate. Note that we only used clusters that are cluster members (described in Table 2). This means that there are not significant differences in the measurements for the two volumes of space: the hercules - corona - borealis, and the perseus - pisces - cetus regions. , but the results are not significant if we compare the distances, the proportions and the scales of the two volumes, the Hercules - corona - borealis and the perseus - pisces - cetus regions. The upper panels of the figure, labelled - figure - the ratios of the ratios in the area of the redshift (certificate 2), show that there is no relation in the quotas, that is, there are not a great many galaxies of the same galaxy, even though they are clustered together. The bottom of the figure shows the same ratios by number of redshift, showing that there is no dependence of the ratios on the relative distance of the sample. The findings are not much different if we compare the relations for the two volumes of space, the Hercules-corona-buralis and the Perseus-Pisces-Centus regions, from which our sample is drawn. By this we can extract the global scatter of galaxies, namely 0 . 007 , 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . 0 . . . but this model predicts the scattering of a galaxy population with a scattering that corresponds to the observations. In a constellation, the flux of the stars in a cluster, the luminous flux of the x-rays, the luminous temperature of the x-rays, the temperature of the rays, all these signals of mass. The scattering of the clusters are calculated from the following table 7 in Table 7.7 of this same paper, in which the cluster dispersions were calculated, the total dispersions of the clusters were compared with a factor of 0 . . . . , 0 . . . . I only have to use clusters with dispersions derived from 20 galaxy redshifts, that is to say, there are only 26 clusters, of which 17 are in common with the x-ray subsample. In order to obtain the same precision in the dispersion of clusters, we use only clusters with dispersions derived from at least 20 galaxy redshifts, that is to say, 26 clusters, of which 19 are in common with the x-ray subsample. The skewed-slope relations are given below, which are independent of the global fit. There are, therefore, four main questions that may be addressed by the present results. The small scatter of the zero-point of the relation from cluster to cluster, and, in particular, the lack of correlation between the zero-point and the cluster mass, seems to suggest that the mass of a cluster is smaller than the mass of the cluster. The downwards-reflecting of the vectors from cluster to cluster, and in particular the lack of correlation between the zero-point and the cluster mass, seem to indicate that the weight of the relationship is not significantly related to the density of the cluster, and therefore there is no evidence for a trend in the zero-point of the relation with the cluster mass. Hence, it follows that, in addition to the effects of the spearman rank correlation, there is no significant correlation between the offsets and any of these quantities, and therefore there is no evidence for a trend in the zero-point of the relation with the cluster mass. These are at least four questions that can be addressed by the results in the following way. Item #1 was calculated by jrgensen and found to have a weak correlation with the density of the region of the center. As xmath39 is the smallest limit on the galaxy s true distance from the center of the cluster, it is very poor in the estimation of the density of the region of the centre. The ratio of the residuals to the total mass of the region (See, for instance, figure 3 of jrgensen (1997)) has been, according to the least squares, the least squares are fit to the data in figure 5 of jrgensen (1997), we would argue that a more apt interpretation of their results would be to relate the ratio of the radius of the region with the velocity of the cluster, @ xmath41. Since xmath41 is only a lower limit on the galaxy s true distance from the centre of the cluster, it is a rather poor estimate of the true density. semi-analytical models for the formation of elliptical galaxies (see kauffmann and baugh 1996) are only beginning to integrate chemical enrichment and to be able to reproduce the general form of the color magnitude and relation of color (kauffmann & charlot 1998). As xmath41 is only a limiting factor of the galaxy's true distance from the centre of the cluster, it is not an accurate measurement of the true density. As we have observed, the observed variations in the zeropoint of clusters is consistent with sampling a single global relation with intrinsic scatter between galaxies, and that we do not require intrinsic scatter between galaxies. In fact, we cannot assess from our relationship alone whether systematic differences in the mean stellar population between galaxies contribute significantly or not to the errors in fp estimates of distances and peculiar velocities. In our case, however, we turn the question round and ask how much intrinsic scatter is allowed in fp distances . from our simulations of the model described in ssec: clusvars, we find that the maximum amount of intrinsic scatter in the global relation and the corresponding fp uncertainty in the global relation is between 0 . . . . 0 mag in and 0 . . . For our best-fit ml relations and a fp of xmath4@ xmath4 with xmath45 @ xmath61 . . . therefore, we cannot conclude from the relationship alone whether systematic differences in the mean stellar populations in clusters contribute significantly or at all to the errors in the fp distance estimates of distances and special velocities. He saw in the volume of his paper, ‘Disintegration of ages and metallicities in early galaxies’. In this study he distinguished a case for the equivalence of the ages and the metallicity of early galaxies as linear functions of logarithmic age ( @xmath47, with a 4> gyr) and metallicity (@xmath49) for galaxies with ages of four gyrs and metallicities of the order of 81020. ( Observe that the same change in the metallicity of the model is caused by the changes in age, @xmath55, and by the change in metallicity, @xmath56, if @xmath55.) for the model of vazdekis (1996), @xmath53 is in agreement with the fit obtained by jrgensen (1997). This is the 3/2 rule of Worthy (1996), which applies to many lick line indices, leaving them effected by variations in age and metallicity. This figure reveals that the predictions of the two models are, on the one hand, close to Worthey’s in the case of the dependence of and on age and metallicity. This is the 3/2 rule of Worthy (1996), which applies to many lick line indices, and which leaves them effected by variations in age and metallicity. But if you add the other parameters (which include a unique age and a unique metallicity), it is difficult to give any general estimate of the amount of flux of the metallicity distribution in a particular galaxy, which, on the contrary, must be limited in its magnitude. Since the global quantities of nm can be as sensitive as the detail of the metallicity distribution (greggio, 1997), some of the flux is due to galaxy to galaxy variations in the shape of the metallicity distribution rather than to the dispersion in the mean nm or the age. This is more or less the principal question of the analysis of single galaxies, with as yet inferred parameters of nm and nm in order to be exact to real galaxies, whose stellar contents must be of a wide variety (albeit perhaps not narrow) of ages and metallicities. Nevertheless, any intrinsically contingent scatter in the [mo]fe relationship is bound to increase the intrinsically contingent scatter and reduce the dispersion in the relation. To compare these figures with those described above, it is clear that the coefficient of anomalies of nm and nm is similar to that predicted by worthey (1996) and vazdekis (1996). The figure in Figure 1, “Mmsig”, and “Mmbmlrw” shows that the models discussed in the preceding section cannot account for the highest observed concentration of nm lines. . . . a rule of thumb, of course, - if the result is not the difference in age and metallicity, the end result is that if the two models are used, then the end result is xmath - 830 % smaller, because the observed ratio of the end result is xmath - 60 and xmath - 63 . In the following interpretation, we have quoted the end result in the form of fractional dispersions @xmath60 and xmath - 61 . . . if the end result is a change in age and metallicity, then the end result is xmath-63 and - 61 . . . the estimated error in the end result is 510 % of the upper limit of the dispersions in age and metallicity . In addition, we can use the intrinsic scatter to estimate the approximate change in @xmath64 corresponding to the change in the m line index . . . if the end result is a change in age, then the end result is at least 40 % younger than typical e or e/s0 galaxies (of the oldest kind) . if the end result is a change in metallicity, then the end result is at xmath63 and @ xmath61 . . . In our case, it is enough to calculate the results of our fp with the assumption of xmath39 at xmath43 and xmath69. Take the effective radius and the mean surface brightness, and if the scatter in xmath2 is simply a scatter in xmath70, we have xmath71 . In any case, as the intrinsic scatter in the fp is found to be in the range of about ten thousand % (djorgovski et. al., jrgensen 1993, jrgensen 1996), we cannot explain the overall scatter in the relation or the relative scatter in the fp as the result of age-related changes and metallicity-related changes (unless the single stellar population models are wrong or there are significant galaxy-to-galactic differences in the metallicity distributions) . as the intrinsic scatter in the fp is calculated to be in the range of about ten thousand % (djorgovski et. al., 1987, jrgensen 1993, jrgensen 1996), one cannot explain both the intrinsic scatter in the relation and the intrinsic scatter in the fp as a result of age-related variations or metallicity variations alone (unless the single stellar population models are incorrect or there are significant differences in the metallicity distributions between galaxy to galaxy) . in this relation, combining the dependence of @ xmath2 on the mg line indices obtained above, we find that the intrinsic scatter is equal to an intrinsic scatter in relative distances estimated from the fp of 40 % if it is due to age-related changes, or 8 % if it is due to metallic But if the variability in metallicity at a given size is a reasonable first assumption for the explanation of the chemical enrichment of matter, the single-point shape of the assumed lognormal distribution for the mean ages may not be realistically representative of the star-formation history (even for galaxies of the same mass). The intrinsic variation that one sees in relation to and is determined by the intrinsic dispersion in fp (see: fp : xmath78 ) is a simple calculation, which connects the skewed scatter in the measured quantities with the skewed scatter in the fp, namely, a) for the xmath78, a) for xmath78, a) for xmath78, and a) for xmath86, as the mean of the linear fits of the two stellar populations in ssec : . . . - if we use intrinsic scatter in relation and assume a 20 % intrinsic scatter in the relation at xmath87 (see, djorgovski & davis, 1987) or jrgensen, 1996) then we obtain approximate upper limits for the dispersion of age and metallicity at xmath3 = 32 % and xmath4 = 38 %. The dashed lines in figure Fig. 3 correspond to intrinsic scatter about the fp of 10 %, 15 %, and 20 %. similar laws can be used to compare the relative contributions of the dispersion in age and metallicity to the errors in distance estimates derived from the fp. Thus the region of the region of the xmath5 to xmath4 plane is quite limited. the important point to note is that, as we have said, in ssec: models, the dependence of the indexes, the mass-to-light ratio on age and metallicity is quite different, so that (if the variations in age and metallicity are not connected) the two constraints are almost orthogonal . if, however, we use the intrinsic scatter in relation and assume an intrinsic scatter of 10 % in xmath87 about fp (above the quoted range, see djorgovsky & davis ( 1987) and jrgensen (1996) , we obtain approximate upper limits of dispersions in age and metallicity of xmath3 = 32 % and xmath8 = 27 %. However, the largest point of this figure is that if the variations in age and metallicity have a correlation coefficient between them in the range of xmath80 . . . 5 xmath91 xmath7 xmath81, we can see that the dispersions in age and metallicity vary only by xmath396 % and xmath2912 %, as compared with the values calculated in the uncorrelated case. Only if the variations in age and metallicity are strongly anti-correlated (@ xmath7 @ xmath6 @ xmath81; younger galaxies are more metal-rich) are we to achieve substantially different solutions with a larger allowed range of age and metallicity (@ xmath3 as large as 57 % and _ xmath4 as large as 80 %). The main thing is to find out from this figure that if the variations in age and metallicity have a correlation coefficient in the range @ xmath80 . . . Figure [Figure] shows how the limits of _ xmath7_ vary in the whole range from _ xmath81 to _ xmath90 . . . Note that for _ xmath89_ there is _ xmath90 . . . the dependence on _____ waste does not change, if there is a significant correlation (or anti-correlation) between the ____________ . In order to study the distribution of the residuals in the presence of the estimated measurement errors, we have developed monte carlo simulations of the efar data, according to the models of dispersion in age and metallicity discussed above. (For more than 100 such simulations, the test of two dimensions, k - s, has the median probability of 0 %.) Figures [fig] c and d are simulations of the relative dispersion of age and metallicity, as is seen in Figure    xmath - - f is a result of intrinsic self-strength, and of 20% for fp - f. Both feng li d f e d show that the observed distribution is equal to the observed distribution, with the slight but significant anti-contradiction of the correlation of age and metallicity. Nevertheless, Figure   dmgdfp  g demonstrates that a distribution without any significant correlation between the relationship and the fp, is produced when  xmath7 = xmath80 ... 5 and    - . 5 . In order to examine the expected distribution of residuals in the presence of measurement errors, we have made monte-carlo simulations of the efar data. We found that the zeropoint has an observed scattering between the clusters of 0 . 012 mag in and 0 . 019 mag in. This scattering is consistent with the small number of galaxies that have been sampled in each cluster, drawn from a single global relation. The intrinsic scattering for the global relations, estimated from Monte Carlo simulations, is 0 . 016 mag in and 0 . 023 mag in. As we know, the observation does not require any scattering between clusters. we have studied the relation between early-type galaxies in the far horizon. We fit global and global relations (eqn mlmgbp) that have slopes that are 25 % steeper than those of the previous authors. We have used an improved approach to the calculation of the relationships, which is accurately correct, involving the sampling function, and the significant errors in m and @ xmath . . . it is not a question of the data itself, but of an improved approach: we use a comprehensive maximum likelihood approach which corrects for the biases introduced by the sample selection function and the significant errors in mg and @ xmath . . . We apply the single stellar population models of Worthey and vazdekis (1996) to find the upper limits of dispersion in the relative distances of early-type galaxies from a given mass to the intrinsic scatter of the global relationship. Since the intrinsic scatter in the fp is found to be 1020 %, it is impossible (in the context of the single stellar population models) to explain both the scatter in the relation and the scatter in the fp by the variation of age and metallicity alone. the dominant factor in the formation of mg in these early-type galaxies (and presumably other elements and their metallicity and star formation in general) is the mass of the galaxy and not the cluster , in this case, the galaxy mass and not the cluster. These observations and observations are sufficient to constrain semi-analytic models for the formation of elliptical galaxies which are beginning to incorporate chemical enrichment and which will soon be able to make reliable predictions about the variation of the relation with the cluster mass . , we infer a minimum limit for the distribution of age and metallicity in the galaxy of xmath37 of 50 % if the variability in xmath54 was solely due to age and metallicity, or 10 % if the variation in metallurgy were solely due to metallicity . , if the changes in age and metallicity were not independent, but have only in common, we infer an upper limit for the dispersion in xmath54 of 50 % if the difference was due to age, or to 10 % if it was due to metallicity . . . these correspond to the upper limits of relative distances, estimated — gw is grateful to the serc and wadham college for a year's stay in oxford, to the Alexander von Humboldt Stiftung for enabling a visit to the universitt in bochum, and to nsf grants ast9017048 and ast931 47714 for partial support. db was partially supported by nsf grants ast90116930. - rkm received partial support from nsf grants ast90116930. - Db was partially supported by nsf grants ast90116930. The distribution of the residuals from the and fp relationships is only marginally consistent with a model without any correlation between age and metal, and is better matched by a model in which the variations of age and metal are moderately anti-correlated (@xmath3 @xmath4 @xmath6 @xmath6 @xmath6 @xmath6 @xmath8 ) and young galaxies are more metal-rich. - - rps acknowledges the financial support of the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft under sfb 375. rps acknowledges the financial support of the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft. The first passage was a response to the same passage. Having been accepted into the barracks by the Coup of Ordres, v. 1, 266-300, v. 271 v. 1, 1361 v. 1, v. 1, v. 2, v. 1, v. 2, v. 1, v. 1, v. 2, v. 2, v. 1, v. 2, v. 4, v. 2, v. 4, v. 2, v. 314, v. 1, v. 3, v. 3, v. 4, v. 4, v. 4, v. 4, v. 5, v. 1, v. 4, v. 4, v. 1, v. 2, v. 3, v. 4, v. 4, v. 3, v. 4, v. 3, v. v. 463, v. 4, v. 4, v. 4, v. 4, v. 4, v. 4, v. v. 4, v. 4, v. 5, v. 4b, v. 5, v. 4, v. 4, v. 4, v. 4b, v. 4b, v. v. 4, k. davies r . l . , ziegler b . , belloni p ., greggio l ., hopp u . Aragn-Salamanca a., 1990 , mnras, 245, 217 greggio l., 1997 , mnras, 288, 161 jrgensen i., franx m., kjrgaard p., 1995 , mnras, 276, 1341 jrgensen i., franx m., kjrgaard p., 1995 , mnras, 398, 55 ferreras i., greggio l., 1997 , mnras, 257, 187 greggio l ., 1997 , mnras, 285 , 151 guzmn r ., 1993, phd thesis, university of durham guzmn r ., lucey j . r ., carter d ., terlevich r . , sen l ., 1992, bull . d . s . (pp. 91-90) saglia r p . . burstein d . . baggley g . bertschinger e . , colless m . . , burstein d . . burstein d . . davies r . . , mcmahan r . . , watkins r . , wegner g . , 1997, schweizer f . , seitzer p . , faber s . m , burstein d . , dalle ore c . m , gonzlez j . j . , a a a , a a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a , a, a, a, a, a, a, a , a , a , a, a, a, a, a , a , a , a , a , a, a, a, a, a, a , a , a, a , a , a , a, a, a, a, a . . , mcmahan r. k., davies r. l., burstein d . , baggley g ., 1998 mnras, submitted (paper 2 ) whitmore b . c., mcelroy d . b., tonry j . l ., 1985 apjs, 59, 1 worthey g ., 1994 apjs, 95, 107 worthey g ., faber s . m ., gonzlez j . j . , 1992 apjs, 398, 69 ziegler b . , bender r .