In the first case, it was discovered that the number of neutrons was three to five mev / nucleon induced by the van der Waals forces, in addition to the hydrogen-base transition, had been elicited. The mathematical determination of this issue had been carried out from the beginning of 1980, whereas the first experimental determination of the density of the caloric curve of the nuclear system in question had been made in 1995 by the aladin group. Accordingly, the researchers in this field are now busy investigating nuclear multifragmentation in more detail. However, the greatest difficulty lies in the degree of the correctness of the measurements and in the finite-size effects of the caloric curve which they are induced to express through the dependence of the chemical form and the density of the equilibrated sources of the reaction type. (For the determination of the density of the molecules emitted by the neutrons the aladin group obtained corrections of about 10 at xmath6 – that is, 600 u / nucleon – whereas the actual discovery of a wide plateau of around 5 mev temperature which was between 3 and 10 mev / nucleon energy was established.) The fact was clear, therefore, that the possibility of a liquid - gas phase transition in nuclear matter was to be observed. The most important node of this experiment, eos-xmath7 – the wider part of the plateau, this time of the Csar-temperature, was identified. To this end, they found that the electro-scalar number in the discharged neutrons was already at approximately 30  math7 in the discharged energy interval of 600 to 1000 m The improvements proposed in the model Xcite are discussed in detail in Section ii. The present paper consists of refinements and improvements to the sharp model of macrocanonic multifragmentation proposed in Xcite, and also of the application of the model in its new version in the interpretation of recent experimental results from the aladin group. The proposed model has the following new features: (a) The experimental discrete energy levels are replaced by the “degeneracy” of the discrete energy levels (in the previous version of the model the thomas fermi type of density was used for all particle excited states) . The present model has the following additional features: (a) the experimental discrete energy levels have been replaced by the “degeneracy” of the discrete energy levels (in the previous version of the model the thomas fermi method of density was employed for all the excited states) . These improvements concern the primary and secondary particle emission stages of the measured energy. As we have already stated , in spite of their success in reproducing some experimental data, the two widely used statistical multifragmentation models (smm@xcite and mmmc@xcite) do not follow the microcanonic rules . . . For nuclei with @xmath23 (the only excited states of @xmath23) we had looked into the individual fragments that were provoked. To this aim the thomas fermi theory of Xcite was applied to the calculations, to the effect that, in the steady state of the nucleus (they are above the upper limit of about seven - eight mev) a fragment could be stimulated (in general they are generally between 7 and 8 mev) , to the effect that the joint energies of the fragments were sufficiently small that the sequential evaporation scheme was fully in force. For the inverse process of the evaporation of Xcite the thomas fermi method of the equation was applied, to the effect that the sum @xcite17 , @xcite17, , @xcite17 , _xcite17 , _xcite21 . _ omission of the secondary stage __ (iii) . . . for the inverse cross-section of Xcite, we adapted the acoustic modelling technique of ref. . . . The evaporation, therefore, of the secondary evaporation was simulated in monte-carlo. In this respect the wigner- seitz method of supposition was used, if only the mass and charge of the source nucleus were indicated; the resulting fragments had the entropy quot; quot; [4] = [5], quot; quot; [6] [7] , quot; quot; quot; quot; quot;[8]; and quot;] , the corresponding element is a matter quot;[9] and is reexamined for every stage of evaporation and of the secondary evaporation. Thus, the watery region, from the beginning of the quot; can be distinguished by one glance, from the first equation, in ref. 9[9] a||| *|217 . the greater effect is shown by the subset of the molecules which are named by the names of the members of the conjugal class . . . . , by the method of _____ , by which the quota is substituted for the index quota quota . . . for this reason the curves Xmath52 and Xmath53 have been assessed (see fig. 1 (a) and fig. 1 (b)). The present calculation of the constant temperature of the helium-containing plasma (for example, xmath8) can be calculated in the present model by the formula Xcite. @ xmath52  2  right - t  2  left - t  2  right - t  2  left -  left ( frac32 n c -  frac52  right) -  ff1  k  2  right . this allows for a transition temperature in this region. This pair of curves can be easily distinguished from the previous ones. Here math2 is the multiplicity of the mass of the intermediate mass and is defined as the number of fragments with math57 in a fragmentation event, whereas math3 is the charge asymmetry of the two largest fragments and , for one fragmentation, math58 with math59, where math60 is the maximum charge of a fragment and math59 is the maximum charge of a fragment, math59 is the maximum charge of a fragment, math60 is the maximum charge of a fragment, The adjusted source sequence of the heli-piezo temperature (the one we used for this purpose) is given in fig. 3. The equilibrated source sequence is given in fig. 3 together with the experimental results of the excitation energies as a function of source dimension in the reaction of xmath1au + xmath1au at 600, 800, and 1000 mev / nucleon . This result is shown in fig. 4 as a function of xmath4. The deviations between the calculated equilibrated source and the three experimental lines indicates that the experimental line is closer to the experimental line corresponding to the 600 mev / nucleon bombardment. This deviation is chiefly due to the neutron kinetics, which, as pointed out in ref. xcite, are much larger. As will be seen, this partiality between the calculated equilibrated source and the three experimental lines confirms that the experimental evidences contain a certain quantity of non-equilibrium that increases with the increase in the bombarding energy. As will be seen in fig. 4, a direct comparison of the calculated isotopic temperature curve with the aladins’ thermograms has recently been performed. The uncorrected albergo temperature is to be used, as follows: $ xmath63 The helical chart revised by this new model shows an excellent agreement with the experimental helical curves that have recently been published by the aladin group . . . a 404 , 551 , 1983; p. comm. , 42 , 385 ( 1986); l. p. csernai, g. fai, j. randrup and h. stocker, phys . b . . . . b . . . . a 1 , 269 , a 1 in which the theoretically measured excitation energy is equal to the newly calculated one. . . . a kind of plateau-like region is clearly noted by the sharp maxima of the curves of . . . . h . . raduta and ad . . raduta, phys. c . . 59 . . . raduta, phys. c . . a647 . . v . weisskopf, phys. ff. , 131 (1998) . d. . e . gross, phys. c . . . . . a647 . . . 12 (1998) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .