I am convinced that exciton-excreon scattering in semiconductors may be a material-specific property of the gas. Therefore, the first suspicion should be made that the excreation of excitons by oxidation may be an extremely material-specific property of the semiconductors. Many experimental and theoretical studies of caloric condensation have been carried out in the literature, in particular, in the determination of the thermodynamics of a low density gas and essential for the calculation of the thermal period of a dilute excite gas. Despite its importance, the excreation of excitons by oxidation is characterized by a scattering length, @ xmath6 which determines the thermodynamics of a low density gas and is necessary for the estimation of the thermal period of a dilute excite gas. to calculate the cross-section of excitons, the whole experiment is based on the recombination spectra of the gas containing excitons, in particular the existence of a weakly bound or almost bound state makes the scattering length extremely large. This calculation serves as a benchmark for the single band limit of more complicated scattered hamiltonians. The inter-Euphony theory of physics already allows us to obtain an accurate and precisely defined hamiltonian for the semiconductor, and an accurate solution for the four- particle scattering problem. This solution also serves as a benchmark for the single band limit of the more complicated scattered hamiltonians. One of the experimental methods to measure the cross-section of the recombination spectra of the semiconductor is a simple matter to measure, because the line width is becoming larger. The hamiltonian is at xmath16, and it is at xmath17 . . . - some researches have been carried out on xmath16, and have found a line broadening which suggests an upper bound of xmath17 on the length of the light scattering. Although our simulations do not exactly approximate xmath16, we will compare our results with this value. , the effective mass approximation considers a system of electrons, labeled xmath12 and xmath13, and two holes, labeled xmath14 and xmath15, where the xmath16 sign is marked by anti-symmetry of the electron and the hole. Since the m-wave state is symmetric in exchange of electrons, this condition is satisfied by the states xmath18 and xmath19, where the xmath20 sign is marked as anti-symmetric in exchange of electrons and holes, respectively. - The hamiltonian is - xmath16, where xmath17 . , which will give an estimation of @xmath26, independent of the mass ratio, where @xmath26 is the radius of an exciton, but it is an uncontrolled estimation which may have limited applicability in the smallest scale. One common theoretical approach is to use a diagrammatic perturbation theory, which is represented by keldysh and kolsov @xcite, and by haug and hanamura , as well as by the works of keldysh and kolsov, and by haug and hanamura , the method estimates an exciton-exiton matrix as arising from one single term, which is xmath21: xmath22 is the state of two non-interacting exitons with momentum, xmath23, and xmath24, and xmath25 is the inter-exiton coulomb interaction. Another method is called the physico-kinetic theory, which was developed by elkomoss and munchy , xcite, and consists of the effective potential of an exciton-emitting potential, math31, where math31 is the wavefunction for two free emittons a distance of xmath30. While an exciton-emitting potential is a very useful tool, this approximate form has some serious drawbacks . The exact mechanics of low-energy scattering is reflected in ref. . . . However, due to the importance of correlation energy, the latter method is lacking half of the biexciton energy, as showed by diffusion monte carlo (dmc), a method which uses a random rotation to separate the ground state wave function from a variational wave function, to detect and detect the precise ground state energy. Moreover, the success of dmc in calculating biexciton energies is an incentive for its application in the present analysis. The basis of this formulation is hyllerass and ore. In this case hyllerass and ore had been found bound by hyllerass and ore, and by a variational method. xcite which found hyllerass, rice and bell, and which also found hyllerass, where hyllerass is the ether ligation energy. The vertical solution to the equation of this point can be reduced to the state of a wave, suitable for qmc calculations. A unique method of quantum monte-carlo (qmc) is used to calculate the surface state from a variational state function, and to syphon off the very top state energy. - This solution, however, does not rely on the logarithmic-dialogene boundary. Carlson has also proposed defining the logarithmic-dialogene boundary at the boundary, and rather than setting it to zero, he is able to fix the boundary at the xmath41. We find the bound state of the movement in the wavefunction, and the spatial, based on the values of xmath51, particularly suitable for determining the scattering length . the logarithmic-dialogene boundary, @ xmath50, is the asymptotic continuity of the first. - - , -  , -  ;  xmath53 - in the xmath53 situation, we are unable to get the maximum bounds, and in general when the physical scattering is measured at the end of an asymptotic. - xmath50 – omitting the asymptotic path, - - 0 . " the measure of a matrices xmath62 and xmath63 is a random walk with a guiding function xmath68, which must be positive everywhere. The guiding function must be large in spread, and should be optimized to reduce the variance of the matrices sifted. At each step xmath69 in the random walk the coordinates of the particles are updated using a guiding function xmath71, where xmath72 is a normally distributed random variate with zero mean and unit variance, and xmath73 is the time step. ... In the estimation of matrices xmath62 and xmath63 the estimators are @xmath78, where xmath79 and xmath80 are the local energies of the trials. . . .  scat - step eq . - ([asymptuation step eq]) describes a process for sampling xmath74 . A deflection of the point is now presented in fig. [48] and fig. [49] as well as the point of the utmost unit, cccccccccc. (Of course, as before, inter-axon exchange of particles complicates the definition of the repulsion of electrons, and of the deflection of electrons ; however, this is not a deflection of the exchange operator for electrons, cccccc, and of holes, ccccc. for large dispersions, the exponential factors preclude the addition of both sets of functions to the spectrum. Hence, a node can be estimated in the scattering spectrum by requiring only that xmath101 be zero for all xmath102 ; here the error introduced by this approximation is of order @ xmath103, and the limits on the use of small values for xmath44 . This procedure is for the calculation of dispersions at the low energy, the large dispersions at xmath44. Since these are not eigenstates of the exchange operator for electrons @ xmath97 or holes @ xmath98, we use the linear combinations of the two for our test waves, @ xmath99 and ... The guiding function in Xmath68 is a derivative of the corresponding function in Xmath82. Xmath111 and Xmath111 are, in fact, firmly matched to the energy spectrum of the four particle-swirling states. The parameters of Xmath114 are chosen to bias sampling to the collision: xmath115 for xmath18 states and xmath116 for xmath19 states. We consider xmath117 as a function of the time of the projection in fig. evstfig. - At Xmath120 we obtain the equilibrium of the phase-swamps - xmath122 and xmath123 - _________. we see convergence after a projection time of three math119. __________. the guiding function xmath68 is taken to be of the same form as xmath82 wavefunctions with xmath113 1  1 2 $. The collision of two excitations with a defined initial and final spin state can be determined by dividing the event into two channels, i.e. xmath126 and i.e. xmath127. The ratios of the two scattering states , i.e., xmath129 and xmath130 for all non-zero s-wave scattering processes are given in table . . . - the coefficients for polynomial fit to the low energy part of the phase-shift function for the case i.e., i.e., . . . [column] , - , , , , , ,  , , ,  - the energy of the biexciton is approximately xmath124, in agreement with other ground-state calculations, but sensitive to the position of the node xmath125, because it is localized. , a certain cross section of stifling at xmath131, is given in table scattab. and in fig. cs1 fig . c . . . (b) a triplet-equilibrium teetering at xmath137 , b) a triplet-equilibrium for total spin teetering at xmath138 (line dashed) and d) a triplet-equilibrium with xmath138 , d) triplet-equilibrium teetering at xmath138 , d) triplet-equilibrium teetering at xmath137, and d) triplet-equilibrium at xmath138, and both with xmath140 . . . we show the s-wave scattering of two triplets in fig. [cs1fig], where the solid line represents the spin-equilibrium at xmath138, and the dash line represents the xmath142 state . . . . triplets in relative xmath144 are spatially antisymmetric and therefore have no s-wave scattering . . . [cs1fig] the calculated spin-dependent scattering lengths for the case @ xmath119 are shown in the last column of table [scattab] . . . . . solid lines are a guide to the eye. In Fig. 3 we show our calculated particle-size xmath147 and particle-size xmath146 by mass, xmath149. The divergence in particle-size xmath147 near xmath148 is due to the acquisition of a biexciton vibrational state. . . . although this is an inelastic process, it conserves energy according to our hamiltonian model, because we have no explicit spin coupling in the hamiltonian. In a process of electron-holes exchange, the individual spins do not correspond to symmetries of the hamiltonian, but must not remain constant during scattering. The difference in xmath147, near xmath148, is due to the acquisition of a biexciton state. our calculations have shown that the first state is observed near xmath148, the second is occupied by a second charged state. This effect is found in experimental and theoretical studies of exciton-hole scattering in quantum wells . [I] This property is not known from any experimental work on exciton-hole scattering . . . but this is not lost from the earlier theoretical studies on exciton-hole scattering . . . If the calculation is correct, the third particle becomes a pure electron. This scattering is relatively insensitive to the mass of xmath154, but becomes very sensitive to xmath155 and increases as it approaches xmath73. Most importantly, the technique should be extended to more accurate hamiltonians, so that the sensitivity of the scattering to material properties can be studied at all scales. However, the difficulty in dealing with large mass ratios makes the method (as presented here) complementary to calculations based on the Born-Oppenheimer approximation. This computational method can be extended in many ways. it is important to realize that similar relationships must exist between the scattering length and other parameters, such as the luttinger-kohn parameters describing realistic hole states, external strain, and spin-orbit coupling, to name a few. for that reason, it is useful to examine various elastically induced excitons, and have given numerically exact values for a well-known theoretical model. This approach should be quite useful for quantum wells, which are very similar to the basic problem here, but have much more experimental parameters which can affect the interactions between excitons and excitons. For these theoretical studies, too, the method is not limited to large mass ratios, but is adapted to larger hamiltonians, so that the sensitivity of the scattering spectrum to material properties of a wide range of materials can be studied. We would like to thank k . . sent>—thou art present at the mass ratio ...