It has been well known for more than 60 years that the quiet solar corona is heated to a temperature of about 12 million kelvins, while the visible surface of the sun is nearly 250 times cooler (grotrian 1939, edlen 1942, phillips, 1995) . it has also been well recognized that magnetic fields or waves play a key role in the heating of the solar corona so that convective energy in the photosphere is somehow converted into thermal energy in the corona by magnetic fields or waves. There is currently a debate about whether the energy for the heating of the corona comes from dissipation of magnetohydrodynamic waves (e.g., hollweg , 1981) or from numerous small-scale magnetic reconnections, e.g., parker , 1988, aschwanden 2001) or from countless small-scale magnetic reconnections (Parker, 1988, aschwanden 2001) . It has been assumed theoretically that the interaction of the magnetic field with convection in or below the corona can create two kinds of magnetic disturbances in the corona: firstly, the granulation of magnetic fluxes in the photosphere by the granulation generates mhd waves, which are then directed into magnetic flux tubes and dissipate their energy in the chromosphere or corona (e.g. ofman et al., 1998) . This is as good as any before. Of course, one may think of little flares as being small, but the total energy is tantalizingly close, and most probably less than the energy required (ref. porter et al., 1994, 1995), and several theoretical studies have demonstrated that only high-frequency electromagnetic waves (@xmath2hz) can generate significant heating (e.g. porter et al., 1994, 1994), and by phillips and rudawy and their colleagues (red line, total eclipses in 1999 and 2001; phillips et al., 2000; rudawy et al., 2001; rudawy et al., 2001; rudawy et al., 2001; rudawy et al., 2001; rudawy et al., 2001; rudawy et al., 2002; rudawy et al., 2004).Several theoretical studies showed that only high-frequency, at the xmath2hz frequency, are capable of a considerable heat (e.g. porter et al., 1994, aschwanden 2004). These studies are somewhat contradictory and more than a little contrary, and the results are somewhat contradictory, with the positive and the negative signs of oscillations (e.g. pasachoff et al., 1995, 1996, 1994) The observatories at the mountain of the tree of the mountain are: the lyot type, the secis instrument (two fast frame-rate ccd cameras, auxiliary electronics, and a dedicated computer) and a special optomechanical interface between the astronomical observatory and the secis instruments. The main instrument in the observatory at the mountain of the tree of the mountain is a 20 cm lyot coronagraph, the secis instrument (two fast frame-rate ccd cameras, auxiliary electronics and dedicated computer) and the special optical interface between the coronagraph and the secis camera. The front part of the optical system consists of a single objective lens (bk7 glass, xmath5 = 1 . . 0 m, xmath5 = 17 . 0 m, xmath5 = 17 . 0 m, xmath5 = 17 . 0 m, xmath7200 mm, xmath83 m) and a primary diaphragm which obscures the lens to a final clear aperture of 195 mm. The central part of the telescope consists of an artificial moon (the occulting disk) which is a fat mirror which is inclined to the optical axis and shines the sun's light from the telescope tube. the artificial moon is fixed in front of a field lens in a hole in the middle of the lens and can be changed to other sizes. In the same way that the synoptic link of the two telescopes is sewed together by a special, special and electrical connection, a parallel disc-and-repeat optic is laid down. The two synoptic- and transverse-hole lenses are arranged together by a special and special optical connection with the lomnicky-peak coronagraph. Fig. 1 shows the configuration of the two telescopes. The parallel beam from the telescope is directed to a splitter (bspl, shorter dimensions, 50 mm), then it passes through a broad-band and neutral density filters (as indicated by the marked nd / wb filter) and again into the flat mirror (m3), and finally gets on to the ccd camera (marked ccd wl) by an achromatic lens (l120 / 50). The parallel beam which is directed from the telescope is reflected by a flat mirror (m1), passes a narrow-band fexiv530-3 nm interference filter (fe5303), is reflected by a second flat mirror (m2), then it is focusing on the ccd camera (marked ccd fe5303 ) by an achromatic lens (l120 / 50) . the horizontal lines show rays of the sun which are at the extreme of the coronagraph. a compact black aluminum box, used as a rigid optical frame for the optical system, was made by the astronomical institute of wrocaw. The astronomical equipment was built and tested in the british team of physico-chemical laboratories in a british, british collaboration. A total of 100 coronal rays of light were extracted by this instrument in the course of 1997 in a british partnership, with the purpose of detecting a short period of coronal light oscillations, as well as the same source of light in the narrow band and the narrow band. A large-band and narrow-band filter was chosen, because it was centering on the green ray of light and giving a larger transmission range (central wavelength 530 nm, bandpass fwhm10 nm) a neutral density filter (nn) in the white-light channel was chosen, so as to ensure that all images of the narrow band and the narrow band were made equal in number. The filter used for the optical system is fitted with a thermostat, so as to maintain the required temperature under various atmospheric conditions. ent> three narrow-band filters with passbands around the green rays are available (two by barr associates and one by andover corporation) . all filters have passbands of xmath10 nm and diameters of 50 mm. The camera electronics operate the cameras in an asynchronous mode, where a signal pulse from the control systems commands one of the cameras to capture an image at a specific moment and for a precise time. This feature gives the two cameras perfectly synchronized images. The information is collected and stored on a personal computer. The computer has dual Pentium processors, 128 megabytes of memory, four 9-gigabyte disk drives. The images are recorded and analysed on a personal computer. The data collected and stored on a personal computer are obtained and described in detail by phillips et al. (2000). since 2003 secis has been used for the observation of the sun's flares on the xmath13 at xmath13 (630 nm) line, with the use of the multi-channel inductive double-pass spectrograph (acme mein, 1977 and 1991) and the large coronagraph (for the 530 mm objective) or horizontal telescope (for the 150 mm objective) installed at biakow Observatory (astronomical institute of the university of wrocaw) (radzewski et al., 2007a, 2007b, 2008) , they took a whole sequence of images, taken from the camera, resembling them, and exporting them in a suitable format. The models of the maximum radiance of the lenses and of the central wavelength of the filters were measured in a dimension of 10% from the mean value, the wavelength of the slits by up to 2 m, and the width of the slits by only 4 %. This test showed that the filters had to be heated to a fairly high temperature (4550 degrees C.) in order to tune the filter radiance to the green line wavelength. Examples of the mean reference disk centre spectra taken with and without the narrow band filters are shown in Fig. 4 . at nine places along the slit (which is oriented along the radial direction of the filter) we also measured the variation of the same quantities in the variation of the radial distance over the filter; these are indicated by the thin lines in Fig. 5 . These measurements show that the maximum transmission of the filters is averaging at xmath010 %, and that the minimum transmission is averaging at a temperature of about 0 . 31 nm, i.e. the minimum transmittance is about 0 .31 nm, and the minimum transmittance is about 0 .31 nm, and the minimum transmittance is about 4 % . . . A candidate to be investigated is the lyot coronagraph, which is presently being installed at the Lombardy Observatory (slovakia). Moreover, the instrument installed at the Lombardy Observatory and the lyot coronagraph will permit measurements of a number of active regions in the corona that are seen under coronal sky, that is, with low amounts of light scattering by the earth’s atmosphere. Secondly, the spectral resolution of the narrow band of light in the narrow band, which is confined to the artificial moon, is very low, at 8 dn s @ xmath15, only a little less than the dark current level of 23 dn s @ xmath15. The authors acknowledge the services of the astronomical institute and the slovak academy of sciences, namely assistants k. mank, r. maura, and p. . . a substantial improvement in the physics of active regions, flares, the solar wind, and solar activity, as well as the mechanisms of the solar-terrestrial relations. , the astronomical institute, mainly in cooperation with the slovak academy of sciences, provided with the grant of the contract No. apvv-0066-06 in which the authors, mainly the authors, entrusted to the science of astronomy, in particular with the support of the staff of the institute of astronomy, namely assistants k. mank, r. maura, p. . .