A brief time-scale for the production of partons and transverse energy by semihard collisions is generally limited to @xmath6 @xmath1 , where @xmath7 gev is the smallest transverse momentum included in the calculation. With rising energies, semihard and hard processes are expected to become more and more important. The non-polluting, soft process of supercritical heavy ions can be modelled either through strings @xmath3 or through a decaying strong background color field @xcite. with increasing energies, the semihard processes become increasingly important. This is due to two reasons: firstly, in @xmath2 collisions the rapidity of the total and inelastic cross sections is explained by copious production of semisoft partons, minijets, with transverse momenta @xmath3 gev @xcite. with this, it is expected that this is also likely to happen in the @xmath4 collisions at extremely high energies. The hard processes are finished in the later stages of the collision, at @xmath8 @xmath1 .. the soft processes are finished in the later stages of the collision, at xmath8 . . . if the density of partons produced in the hard and semi-hard stages of the collision is high enough—as will be the case— a saturation of initial parton production will occur @ xcite, and the soft production will be screened out . . . In addition, in recent years a promising novel approach to minijets has been developed. Here, too, new discoveries have been made and very useful discussions have been had. Of late a certain innovative approach to minijets has been developed, particularly in the field of partonics. The main object of these studies is to discover the initial conditions for qgp formation in the early stages, including the transverse energy deposited in the lower half of the rapidity, the chemical composition of the parton plasma, and to investigate the possibility of a very rapid thermalization and the first-order net baryon to entropy ratio. i will also discuss the situation of the light partons, and will discuss the latest results. also recently a promising new approach to partons has been developed xcite . The main goal of these studies is to find out the initial conditions for early qgp-forming, including the transverse energy that is deposited in themid-speed region, the chemical composition of the parton plasma, and, most importantly, to investigate the possibility of a rapid thermalization and to estimate the entropy of the initial baryon-to-entropy ratio. i will generally present the first half of this talk and will then summarize the basic characteristics of semi-hard partons and review our recent results. however, the semi-hard partons are expected to contribute a great deal to the early formation of qgp. They have produced also new insights and very useful discussions during the last years. The formula below is defined in the lowest order (lo), and it is a good approximation of the ratio (Lo) for one inelastic collision . the proportion (lo) in the least order (lo) is about two partons in each semihard collision. In the most detailed formulas, in ref. xcite, are given. Studies of the nlo parton cross-section with a proportion @ xcite, show that (with a proportion @ xcite and a proportion of the jet size @ xcite) this is a reasonable approximation, . the equation * (Sigmajet) in ref. xcite is in ref. xcite . The results i will summarize in ref. xcite are obtained with the Msh - @ xcite and Msd - @ xcite – Parton Distributions with a proportion @ xcite, of a height @ xcite . The equation * is defined in the lowest order ( lo) in a nuclear collision, and an acceptance window in the central rapidity unit defines such a function, but for this acceptance criteria and for the resonance -= @ xcite gev the exact nlo contribution has not yet been calculated. This is the ratio *, which is due to the fact that, in the lowest order (lo) there are two Partons in each Semi-Hard collision. . . . (et) and (et) above, is the average number of semihard collisions, and Xmath47 is the average transverse energy accumulated by the partons produced in each of these collisions . . . but in reality, in the typical xmath53-region @ xmath54 there are significant errors in the shadowing correction of gluons by fusion. In ref. xcite we describe the first conditions at xmath49. * However, the scale evolution of nuclear shadowing has been shown to be a potential factor in the analysis in ref. xcite . . . . . and in ref. Xcite the development of a central rapidity unit for pb-pb collisions is summed up in tables 1 . in our study we have neglected the nuclear effects of partons: - . (*) In the result given, we have neglected nuclear effects in partons: - xmath53 . . . (*) in ref. xcite, the analysis of the central rapidity unit by Hera is small - xmath53 - xcite is a very detailed investigation of the nuclear shadowing effects of gluons. Again, there is a higher degree of gluon density in the upper partons of the pb-pb-pb, moreover, compared with the low partsons of lhc collisions, the more dramatic the shadowing effects of gluons. also, the large scale of nuclear gluon-shadowing of gluons and gluons are explained in separate tabulations (Table 4) let's look more closely at the results in Table 1. First, the gluons clearly dominate both the initial parton energy and the transverse energy of the parton; the initial parton system is about 80 % glue; second, the effective transverse area of the semihard partons is at xmath58 ; and secondly, the effective transverse area of the produced semihard partons is at xmath60. Compared with the effective nuclear transverse area, @ xmath60, one sees that the saturation of partons occurs at smaller values of @ xmath15 (at xmath60 @ xmath60), that is, in a region where pqcd cannot be trusted. The quantitative conclusion is supported by a more quantitative, though still phenomenological, examination of ref. # @ xcite, where we propose that at sufficiently high energies (lhc) and large nuclei (@ xmath64) a dynamic mass is created, causing a saturation in the cross sections of the minijet (@ xcite) at a perturbative scale, at xmath65. I was not thinking of isotropization in the first place. There was, however, no discussion of isotropization in this case. Note that it was not mentioned above that i had even thought about isotropization of the system. A very brief discussion of isotropization is needed in order to obtain a more complete picture of isotropization. Specifically, we have found @xcite@xmath74 that the average energy of gluons is already as in an ideal gas in thermal equilibrium. note that in the simplified picture, the transit time of the gluons and the initial spread of the partons in the central rapidity are neglected, but a more bjorken - invariant picture is possible, and in the central rapidity there is a special time, a proper time. Note also that the conclusion of the possibility of an almost instant thermalization is owing to the very small increase in the density of the hera gluons, for which a high initial temperature is necessary. Note, however, that i did not consider isotropization of the system above. Note also that from the energy - gluon angle, it also seems that thermalization for rhic is a little later . . . note, that we already concluded from the energy - gluon angle that thermal dileptons would be thermally effected at some point in the future. , if the non-demanding portion of the particle production is of the same order of magnitude as that which was found in the present pb and pb collisions at sps, then the final baryon to entropy ratio is about xmath85. then, to the rhic nuclear collisions, the thermalisation of the system is probably not so instantaneous, but, observing the same principle, and taking into account the fact that the non-demanding portion is of the same importance as the entropy produced by the non-demanding component, we assume xmath86 for the final baryon to entropy ratio. The minijet, for which I have been describing it, is based on the method of factorization of the partonic partonic cross-sections, and where the perturbative parton cross-section is factorized at a momentum scale, if not at the rate of the momentum of the parton distributions, we assume that the final baryon to entropy ratio is xmath86. The small, @xmath53 increase in the entropy of hera and gev @xmath90 @xcite can be explained by the leading - @xmath90 evolution @xcite and also by the leading - @xcite evolution , this is also a self-reproducing, @xmath93–driven force, The joint is then described by a feynman graph, consisting of two incoming partons and one incoming parton, marked by a zero . . . afeynman graphs between the two tagging jets, the pressure corresponding to xmath96 and xmath97, the tagging jets rapidies between xmath98 and xmath99 (= xmath100) and the transverse momenta between the tagging jets. . . . the final state is described by a feynman graph with 2 incoming partons and - xmath103 of feynman gluons . . . so that only the transverse degrees of freedom of the virtual legs are important. the lhc, as we will examine, is strongly ordered, but the transverse momenta are not, at xmath105 . Therefore, this last part of my talk, based on ref. @ xcite , will be relevant only to the lhc. , then only the transverse degrees of freedom of the momenta of the virtual legs becomes important . That is, if the virtual corrections and the real ones are ignored, the ladder subsumes to xmath117, and the Born Limit for two jets separated by a large interval is determined to xcite. This, for example, is marked by the black lines in fig. 1., that is, the color algebra can be performed by summing (averaging) over the final (first) color and applying the polarization to the  xmath103ratio. The first is the cross section, which is [9] @xmath115, where xmath117 and xmath118 are the same, and the doublets are as follows: xmath115. For further details, see, for example, [10] and - Laplace transformation (in @ xcite ) - are discovered. We shall then consider the colour algebra by dividing the final, initial colour into polarizations, and the polarization is determined. Also, the propagators are effective, since they are exponentiated (restricted) after the computation of the leading virtual corrections for the exchange of gluons with xmath110. (Note that the propagators are indicated by thicker, vertical lines in fig. 1a . , and then, having no tagging jets, we will be obliged to give up the theory of collinear factorization. - by understanding the factor that arises from fixing one rung of the pomeron ladder, the corresponding free gluon cross section is now written down as xcite , where xmath15 and xmath129 are the transverse momentum and the rapidity (in the hadron cms) of the jet. Then, since we do not need any tagging jets, we must give up the theory of parallel factorization. () So the best we can do is to adopt the method for deep inelastic scattering (dis) in xcite, where an addition of each rung of the pomeron ladder between the two hadrons or nuclei is expected to be described by the homogeneous bfkl equation for the unintegrated gluon density xmath125, xmath126. The cross section becomes xcite xmath123 . Since momentum conservation and the multi-restriction of kinematics, the momentum fractions become xmath130 . The lower value of 2 (2 3 dsdpt) is given in 3 xcite. we can thus argue that 2 xcite . The mixing of 2 2 into smaller sizes in 2 2 with collinear factorization produces the measured cross sections well. Hence, we do not trust the 2 calculation with 2       xcite . bfl/strength at 134  134 can now be estimated from  135 the coherence of the bfl ladders, and the cross section diverges at  133  . for comparison, the traditional 2/2+-32 cross sections, discussed in the first half of the talk, are also shown with mrsd-partons. a cut-off is needed also in the case of bfkl. therefore, we do not trust the bfk/2 computation with   138 gev . with these values, we find for central pb-pb collisions (as considered in the first half of the talk) the saturation of the cfltlo minijet cross section in the lhc pb-pb collision (as considered in the first half of the talk) suggests that the bfk/2 is not much larger than the curve 2 in Fig. dsdpt . a curve Fig. 3 and a in fig. a . . blaizot and a . mueller, nucl phys. – but the contribution of the kinematical region to the hard bfkl – pomeron is less evident at the present value of xmath53. in this case, however, the xmath61 in the cfltlo- computation should be lower than two gev, and the bfkl contribution again would be smaller. the results of this talk are based on the following. – we worked on the assumption that the bfkl – evolution is responsible for all the tiny – @xmath53 rise at hera, i.e. we studied the largest contribution from the kinematical region necessary for hard bfkl-Pomeron. – apologies . – thank you, k . kajantie, a. leonidov, b. mller, v. ruuskanen and x – wang for a fruitful collaboration. – thanks to a. leonidov and v. ruuskanen for the study of bfkl-Pomeron, and for the successful collaboration with a. – e. – thank you, k . kajantie, a. leonidov, b. mller, v. ruuskanen and x – wang for a fruitful collaboration. " - d44 " ( 1991) 3501; - c.. - ibid. - a. kovner, l. mc lerran and h. weigert, phys. ' - d45 " ( 1992) 844; - phys. - f. 427 (1996) 128; - eskola, b. mller, x. wang, phys. - b344 [88] 373, - eskola, b. mller, and x. - wang, phys. ... - b374 (1996) 10; b. mller, in this workshop . . . . - f. - b. - (1996) 10; - b. - - 844 (1996) 844; - phys. b. - (1996) - 1260 . . . d474 * ( 1992) 468. d474 * ( 1992) 192c. - z. kunszt and d. e. soper, phys. t, b400 * ( 1993) 463; zeus collaboration, p. amaudruz et al. , z. phys. t b439 * ( 1993) 471; zeus collaboration, m. derrick et al. , z. phys. b404 * ( 1993) 471; zeus collaboration, m. derrick et al. , b316 * ( 1993) 412; z. phys. d467 * ( 1992) 379 . . . . u. heinz, t. u. heinz, t. a. h. mller, m. h. thoma, and x. - wang, phys. f . b. i. d539 * ( 1993) 208 . . . . , 28 F. (Fall 1978) 104 . . . a. . mueller and h. . navelet, b. . v. del duca, m. e. levin and m. g. ryskin, phys. ,  p. 102 . . . Phys. - b 100 . - 178 . ; phys. - b121 . - 66 . e. m. levin and m. g. ryskin, phys. ,  p. . - f.  h . bazov and h . - k tang, phys. - p. - d49 - 94 .