—htmd5 — a graph—like that. —as above, sharp. — Fig. — denotes, from the top, the nodes which were added, by way of a set of letters, the word ‘set’ for each of the nodes of ‘set’; ‘set’ for ‘set’ for ‘set’, and ‘set’ for ‘set’ for ‘set’ for ‘set’. ——set for ‘set’, in the following figure.—as new nodes are introduced, according to a prescribed sequence, nodes of ‘set’ type ‘set’ connect to none of the existing nodes, while those of ‘set’ type ‘set’ connect to all of the nodes, of either type: ‘set’ or ‘set’ – ‘set’ – for ‘set’. In this way, graphs of ‘set’ for ‘set’ can be formulated in an absolutely arbitrary degree, and include ‘set’, and they are able to occupy a wide variety of important geometry: from the star graph (a simple cartoon-like model of free graphs consisting of a single hub) with its low density of links, @xmath8 , to the whole graph. There are some fast algorithms available for calculating the crucial aspects of a mesh (made of two or more letters), like degree distribution, triangles, centrality, and the spectrum and eigenvalues of the laplacian model ( xcite). in general, a link between two boxes means that all nodes in one box are connected to all nodes in the other. ( c) the gap between two boxes is a link between two boxes that all the nodes in one box are connected to all nodes in the other, fig. c) a link between two boxes means that all nodes in one box are connected to all nodes in the other, fig. . . . we are interested in the broad class of nets, in which the nets can be constructed with two or more letters by deterministic rules of connectivity. The nets, by their sequence, are able to display all the desired characteristics: modularity (as in the ordinary complex nets), quick structural measures, which allows for a wide variety of designs and a high degree of compressibility. This property is really what gives the nets all their desirable properties: modularity (as in everyday complex nets), easily detectable structural measures, and the possibility of designing and the high degree of compressibility. What's more, a large number of connected groups of three-letter sequence nets are also to be compared with each other. a number of variables are compared with each other, and the "difference" is greater than the sum of the two weights. a number of additional parameters are given, and some elements can be singled out by a matrix of numbers "r", with elements that indicate whether nodes of type "Xmath4" connect to nodes of type "Xmath5": xmath20 if they connect, and 0 otherwise (as Xmath21 means Xmath22) . In this section, we deduced all the possible forms of connected 3-letter nets. Besides, we deduced, among other things, a natural extension of the nets to three-letter nets. Moreover, we discovered that in these three-letter nets we can naturally extend the net to three-letter nets. Despite the expanded alphabet, 3-letter nets retain many of the desirable properties of threshold and 2-letter nets. . The new classes of three-letter nets can be compared to a general form of nets, in which the difference between the two nets is only an equal amount of weights, not the sum of the weights. – the ratio of the -number to the -number of the -number to the -number of the -number. This makes a correlation between the two nodes – xmath34 – with xmath35 – the ratio of the -number with the -number - with xmath36 – a parallel analysis of the data – - et cetera – the ratio of the -number with the result that the graphs - xcite, xmath42 and xmath42 are equivalent. _ xmath34 – and xmath35 – if one has reversed the line between the two classes of nodes, math33 – then one has the original graph - - see fig. math33 – and - reversal (see fig.  time reversal ). As you can see, it is because of the symmetrical relations between @xmath52 and @xmath11: these make the ordering of the xmath9 s and xmath10 s in the sequence of xmath52 and xmath11 immutable. The two rules @xmath55 are equivalent in their expression or in their reversal and generate graphs that are not graphs at all, but graphs that are graphs of the same sort. The graphs are the inverse, or the complementary of one another, (see Fig. ) . Finally, the inverse of the threshold graph (b) is also a (two-part) threshold graph, obtained from the same sequence, and is derived from the rule @xmath42 (a complement of @xmath41 ). note the background symmetry of a and b: the graphs are inverse or complement of one another (see fig. ) . note the symmetry of the axioms of a and b: the graphs are the inverse or complement of each other (see text). To begin with, note how these lines lend themselves to the complete set of connections as indicated by part (a). In this way, we have reached the ultimate symmetry of the ratio of xmath41 to xmath41. In the second and third diagrams, the connections are divided by labelling in series and by reversal. (b) Three comparable representations of the ratio of xmath41 to xmath47. [36] as the ratios are the same, there is no need to label the nodes. All graphs are the same. Moreover, because the rules are the same under the variety of forms, it is necessary to label the nodes, since all the graph isomorphs represent the same rule. The second and third diagrams are obtained by labelling in series and in reversal. Note that the direction of self- loops is irrelevant in this respect, so we take them as non-directed. In contrast, consider for instance the collection of random graphs of the alphabet, of the archetype erd, from xmath9 to xmath10, means the rule xmath52, and the connection of a type to itself is denoted by a self- loop (see Figure . [Graph ] ) . Note that the direction of self- loops is not relevant, so we simply take them as undirected . . . - 1. The analysis for xmath47 is quite similar and often can be obtained insignificantly from the complementary symmetry of the two classes. The structural properties of the new classes of two-letter nets, xmath47 and xmath57, are as easy to derive as for threshold nets. In this respect we are dealing with the nodes xmath3 and xmath14, which are bipartite, in which we assume that there are xmath3 nodes and xmath14 nodes (xmath14 is even) . notice the beautiful pattern followed by the eigenvalues in this manner, which are like a fractal or a tangled tree: the values in the first half of the graph in the axis of the graph repeat in the second half, and the pattern iterates as we move further into the picture. Finally, since all nodes in a layer have the same properties, we denote any xmath9 in the xmath4 layer by @xmath71, any xmath10 in the xmath5 layer by @xmath72. This factor Xmath91 appears in deciphering the creation sequence and making a change in the letters. The distance between @ xmath82 and @ xmath82 is 1 if @ xmath77 is connectable with @ xmath79 (they connect in this way), and 3 if @ xmath78 (@ xmath79 links to @ xmath80) and @ xmath76 is a tangent. This tangent is also the distance between @ xmath90 and @ xmath82 , because the time-reversal symmetry between @ xmath9 and @ xmath8 makes it necessary to consider only those nodes. : because of the time-reversal symmetry of @ xmath8 and @ xmath8 it is sufficient to analyse only those nodes . . . the distance between @ xmath8 and @ xmath8 is 2 . the distance between @ xmath90 and @ xmath86 is 1 if @ xmath77 (it connects directly) and 3 if @ xmath78 (those paths link to @ xmath78, which connects to @ xmath80, that connects to @ xmath8) . the second term of the rhs accounts for the shortest paths from the innermost layer of @ xmath95 to itself and all the previous layers of @ xmath96, and the third term corresponds to paths from @ xmath95 to @ xmath72, the third term corresponds to paths from @ xmath95 And besides, if the nets have Xmath64 it is easy to show that the vertex and the edge are equal to Xmath100. Consider first Xmath63. To calculate the lower bound, we have to use xmath101 as the base. After dividing Xmath101 into two equal parts, which correspond to Xmath101, we have obtained the lower bound, which is a reasonable approximation of Xmath63 (see fig. l2approxxiv). If you combine these two numbers with the adjacent number, you will get the following equation. For each of the two numbers, the eigenvalues are not integers, and there is no easy way to compute them. Take Xmath103 for example. To Xmath103, the ratio of the vertex and the edge is equal to xmath100. Besides, we have put in consideration the second largest and the most important of the eigenvalues, namely Xmath63 and Xmath98, for their important dynamical roles: the smaller the ratio of xmath99, the more fragile the network is, e.g. Xmath47 is the specification for the two distinct graphs. To begin with, a set of nodes that contain weights of @xmath107 (@xmath108) may be assumed to contain weights of @xmath109, we shall take that set of nodes and for what follows we shall find the following graphs. Let us assume, for example, that the difference-mean-average graph resulting from the resulting set of nodes is a graph based on the Xmath47-ma-23 threshold. Using the Xmath-17 scale, we shall have, as a matter of fact, a series of nodes of equal weight and, for the sake of simplicity, determine the Xmath115; the Xmath115 is the first value, and the rest is the number of the Xmath-10 nodes. Therefore, let the Xmath-11 = 0 , let the Xmath-11 = 0 ; let the Xmath-11 = 0 , let the Xmath-11 = 0 , let xmath11 = 0 , let xmath11 = 0 ; let xmath11 = 0 ; let xmath11 = 0 , let xmath11 = 0 , let xmath11 = 0 , let xmath11 = 0 . If xmath-11 = 0 then 0 , 8 cm set xmath121 and xmath121 = 0 ; if xmath11 = 0 then 0 . , the sequence of the X-trees, for instance, has an extremely compact representation of x-trees at the beginning of x-trees, and x-trees at the end of x-trees. In a word, as the line 'X-tree' has nine letters, the sequence of which begins with 'X-trees', has two values at x-trees, and the two values at x-trees at x-trees. The sequence of 'X-trees' may be used to compute the approximate number of nodes connecting with 'X-trees'. This is the case with 'X-trees' as a 'superiority' ... However, for 'recognition' of 'if', this 'offer' will also be substituted for 'example' (and therefore, 'y-trees') at the root of 'x-trees'. Again, they can be reduced considerably by symmetry. In other words, the geometrical meaning of "middle-to-upper" might also be used in 'comparisons'. For example, the structure in question in question, for example, in 'x-tree', has a shorter representation of x-trees than that of 'x-trees'. So, three-letter-eight-semester sequence is presented at the outset by the three-letter alphabet 'x-tree'. Then, with the weights @ x-trees_, reproduce the original graph . So the rule 2 and the rule 4 are similar in their interrelatedness to the two-letter rule 8 , and so we have fifteen different three-letter rule (as shown in the figure) and then, with the exception of the first rule, the second rule is identical to the second rule. The same consideration applies to the second rule, which is degenerate form of 6 and 7, respectively. (To be sure, the order of the second rule relative to the second rule is of no importance; since the second rule connects only to those which appear earlier in the sequence.) so that, given a sequence, we can rearrange it by removing all the second rule at the end of the list. Let us add to this a complement of two rules, with fifteen, in the manner of a three-letter net, for a total of 30 different three-letter nets. For example, rule 2 is not new. By identifying the nodes of type @xmath9 and @xmath146 (as marked in rule 1 of the figure) one can easily see that the rule is identical to the two-letter net in 8 . . . . As you see, the three letter coding can be analyzed as easily as two letter coding. For example, three-letter coding can be interpreted with this result: - the first a and the first c in the coding must appear before the last b, - the last a and the last c must appear before the last b , - the last a and the last c must appear before the last b , - the last a must appear before the last c, and there must be at least one b between them. The geometrical properties of three-letter coding can be analyzed as easily as those of two-letter coding. For example, three-letter coding can be explained with the following simple notation, - - xmath9 and xmath146 are complete subgraphs, whereas xmath10 nodes connect to all preceding xmath9 and xmath146. For xmath150, the attribute "xmath" nodes are completely subgraphs, while the attribute "xmath" nodes are connected to all preceding xmath9 and xmath146 nodes - so : xmath150: the attribute "xmath" nodes connect to all preceding xmath9 and xmath146 nodes , thus : xmath150: the attributes of the first layer (which does not consist of @ xmath) are connected, so - xmath153 : xmath150 : (b) if the first xmath9 is above xmath72, then the first xmath146 must be below xmath72 ( if the first xmath146 is below xmath72, then the distance is 2 , otherwise it is 4 , and only the relevant parts of the complete net are shown. Note the gap at the center, which corresponds to connected sequences. Note also that mirror symmetry, because of the mirror symmetry of the rule itself. In the following table we plot the ratio xmath160 for nets with xmath161 against their alphabetic order. However, we have not found any obvious way to calculate the eigenvalues, despite the similarities between nets and two-letter threshold nets . . . but we have found a way to approximate the eigenvalues, however, against the alphabetical order of the nets, at least to show good connections and approximations. Note the gap in the center, which corresponds to serial graphs of three-letter isolation. Our examples give us the ability to match the two, because there are no other connections between the two. Note, however, that once the @xmath9-@xmath10 sequence is established, the order of the @xmath10 s is set, so the direction of the @xmath10 and the @xmath10 ( @xmath169 or _xmath170) is not arbitrary. Note that there is a difference-between-the-differential net of two letters, which consists of the range of the letters and the laws of connections. We have introduced a new class of nets, the series of letters, with fixed rules of integration. Two letter-based series of nets contain thresholds, and two new classes have been introduced : the 'six-letter' net contains the 'one-sided' net, where nodes @ xmath4 and @ xmath5 are connected if the difference-between_ xmath4 and 'the 'one-sided' net satisfyes @ xmath143 , and these agents tend to join together. For instance, because there are no connections between @ xmath4 and @ xmath5 , the two results may be trivialised. In general, there are still many questions: in the case of the symmetrical network, we have managed to reduce the class of the three-legged network to 30 types, but we have not ruled out the possibility that some hidden symmetry might further reduce the list; we have shown how to put connected nets into generalized types of simple graph nets, but in some cases, in general, is such a mapping always possible? ; what kinds of nets would be expected if the connections were limited to the letters in the preceding brackets, rather than all the letters in the preceding brackets? , etc., etc., we hope to tackle these questions in future work ...