A fundamental problem for lasers in atomic physics is the constant stability of the central frequency of light. For metrology, the stabilization technique is very carefully chosen, often controlled, and avoiding any artificial shift of the laser acoustic wavelength. Besides, a relatively uniform external magnetic field is required to produce the zeeman split of the hyperfine transition, and it is necessary to use double detection with well balanced photons. For atomic physics, lasers in atomic physics often require a long-term stability of the central frequency of light. for example, the dichroic atomic vapor laser lock (Davll) – and its variants – can be chosen easily and precisely round the center of the doppler-widened line . . . and in many technical and scientific applications the frequency is never set at maximum at the maximum, but at a shifted frequency, such as when operating an optical cooling system – at xcite. Here we introduce a simple and easy way of producing a dispersed signal in a very direct way, and therefore is comparatively easy to implement. Besides, in many scientific and technical fields the need to avoid polarisations usually requires a certain amount of modulation and a false detection. As we have already shown, we investigate the dispersion of a gaussian-type light beam transmitted through an atomic vapor cell and detected after a spatial filtering by an aperture (see fig. 9: Aesthetics) . the third order of susceptibility of an atom polarisation by a laser is not linear, but is proportional to the intensity of the laser . if, on the one side of the resonance frequency, the index increment is positive (maximum on the beam axis), the medium behaves as a converging lens, and the power of a beam collimated through an aperture increases (peak of the converging line) . On the other side of the resonance frequency, the laser-induced increment is negative (maximum on the axis), the medium behaves as a divergence lens, and the signal transmitted through an aperture is accordingly diminished (valley of the converging line). For example, if the hot atom atom is hot, the non-linear refractive index is written as @ xcite:  xcite: xcite: xcite: xcite:  xcite:  xcite:  xcite:  xcite, math2 where math3 is the doppler width, math4 is the temperature of the vapor, math5 is the Bolzmann constant, math6 is the light wavenumber, math7 is the mass of the atom, math8 math8 is the laser frequency detonation relative to the atomic transition , if the power at the aperture is modulated around an atomic transition , resulting in a 'detonation' like line, with math10 . The primary problem in the formation of this high-order interaction is the failure of the laser to fix the frequency drifts. There is a special kind of error signal that is generated by a source voltage which equates with a frequency in the doppler curve, and it is amplified and sent to the control of the laser frequency to correct for a periodic drift of the laser . we work with a diode with the dfb doppler band, and a fabry-prote beam with an extended cavity whose target has a dfb doppler band, emitting around the dfb doppler band. This creates a lineshape, with an absolute zero indicating the defocus of the channel, whereas there are no vapor-induced modifications in the diffraction of the diffraction gratings. This entails the correction of a reference voltage (corresponding to a frequency in the diffraction band) from the photodetector amplifier voltage. The correction signal is transmitted in the junction current of the diffraction unit or, if the laser is extended over a spherical aperture , the electrochemical signal is applied to the correction of the laser frequency to correct for a laser frequency that drifts. In contrast, this does not pose any additional difficulty to lock the laser at any position in the broad range of the doppler width. We have shown a schematic diagram of the mechanism in figure .. When the security door is shut, it is turned off, the offset is finely adjusted, and the laser frequency is at the desired location ([3] [4] , marked by red dots in spectra (a] and (b) . Notice that the reference voltage brings the error signal to zero, and therefore compensates for the non-resonant background signal. The sa signal with the security door closed over a few minutes, as well as the sa signal with the security door unlocked. In short, the security of the locked laser is the same for the locked and unlocked laser, i.e., between two mhz and two mhz, as measured by the saturated absorption line, which acts as a comparator. The length of the locked laser remains only two mhz, while the locked laser for a few minutes fluctuates in excess. This change of the reference voltage, the difference in the frequency of the error signal from the atomic resonance, is also shown in fig. [Closed] . The refractive error signal is brought to zero by adjusting the reference voltage (fig. [Closed] ) and a switch closes the loop, finally locking the laser at the desired frequency (fig. [Closed] . ecstatic variations on the profile are noticeable and do not take part in the stabilization of the field inside the lines. However, we have also made a detailed observation of the temperature of the vapor to demonstrate that the corrected signal is in the range of a few degrees and, at a fixed point, is not changed in the degree of error as indicated in fig. ecstatically. For the operation of the vapor at the desired frequency, we have only observed the temperature of the vapor as a fixed point, and this is evidenced in fig. ecstatically indicated in the fig. ecstatically indicated in the fig. ecstatically indicated, for a given temperature (as indicated in the figure frame) the vapor has not, on the contrary, altered its inversion (see fig. ecstatically indicated) . in general, the angel's method is a relatively simple method of securing the laser at the doppler's center. Moreover, it has been proven to be very effective for securing the laser at frequencies other than the doppler's center. The method is flexible, and can be used with different laser powers and orientations (here fig. ecstatically). Besides, semiconductor lasers are well known to have very stable amplitudes, and one can forget the amplitude noise in the measured signal. We have all seen that the dispersive force in molasses is maximized by the frequency redshifted half a linewidth from the cyclic cooling transition frequency. See, for example, p. d. lett, w. d. phillips, s . l. rolston, c . e tanner, r . n . watts, c . i . westbrook, j . v. and m. c. iii. iii. - 583 (1998) c . salomon, d . hils, j . hall, j . opt. b . . . b . chron, h . gilles, j . . - d . o . moreau, j . . . sorel, j . phys . iii . . . In fact, we have done similar experiments with a small atomic vapor to lock a 780 nm diode laser to different transitions of the two rubidium isotopes. In our experiment . . . we have used a low-voltage piezoelectric actuator which has an elastic resistance of about six at xmath23m / volt . . . k . peterman , laser envelopment and noise . . . (Derdrecht, 1991) . . . . . . c. . . . . . . . . . see, e.g. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .