blazars show two broad non-thermal spectrums in which the low-energy peaks may arise from the synchrotron emission of electrons. The second is believed to arise from the inverse compton emission by the same non-thermal population of electrons responsible for the synchrotron radiation, and the synchrotron photons (synchrotron self-coordinated: ssc) at xcite. In this section we will give an example of the ssc model. The ssc model assumes a spectrum of the accelerated electron density @ xmath5 which is a broken power law with exponents @ xmath6 and @ xmath7. The minimum, the maximum and break-lorentz factors for the electrons are usually called @ xmath8 and @ xmath10 respectively. active galactic nuclei (agn) are the most powerful, stable sources of light in the universe. However, the center of the agn is believed to consist of a super gigantic black hole (smbh) surrounded by an accretion disk. The jets viewed in this direction are called blazars. The blazars are sometimes seen as a compact group of non-thermal peaks . The low energy peak is thought to originate from electron synchrotron emission; the second peak is thought to arise from electron enphases . . . . this is the inverse compton energy density, which is more than the thermal energy density of the electrons. The minimum, the maximum, and the break-rotation factor of the electrons are usually called @xmath8 and @xmath9 respectively. In our first and second iterations, the data sets used in this study are shown. At the same time, the levenberg-marquardt method requires the calculation of the partial derivatives of @xmath14 in respect of the ssc parameters, which have been computed numerically, by means of a sampled sed. In this way we can evaluate the behaviour of the parameters with the source activity. For this reason we have set up the algorithm in order to minimize the number of calls to @xmath14 in different iterations. For the purpose of the study of the behavior of parameters with source activity, we have chosen the study of the observation period. [5] l2ea4 – t1 . The crucial point in our methodology is that, from @xcite, we can only obtain numerical sed for the spectrum of ssc. although an observed point is not a result of the observed point, it will fall between two observed points, so that the interpolation can be used to estimate the value of the sed. We have also determined the numerical basis of the levenberg–marquardt method by comparing the proportions of the partial derivatives of the sed with respect to the ssc parameters. these proportions have also been computed numerically by comparing the increment in the sed proportion to a sufficiently small, dynamically adjusted increment in the sed. The comparison of the four couplings is shown in fig. 3 (bottom) . The anti-relative correlation between xmath1 and xmath15 is an effect of the constant synchrotron and compton frequencies of the radiation emitted by a plasma, which has a relativistic motion towards the observer. This can be explained by a system where the synchrotron power and peak frequency remain constant in the presence of varying source activity by decreasing the magnetic field and increasing the number of low-energy electrons . This system leads to an increase in electron-photon scattering efficiency and hence a higher compton power. In Fig. 3 (bottom) the @xmath1- @xmath15 anti-contrarry is based on a roughly constant synchrotron peak frequency . The ks test always confirms that the residuals are normal at five % confidence . . .