This technique is widely used in physics, chemistry and engineering to study the electronic structure of the surface, the interface and the bulk of the material. The availability of synchrotron and laser light, together with the latest development of electron energy spectroscopy, has dramatically improved the energy resolution of the photoemission method in the last decade, and it has been obtained in a resolution of 1M35355555. This has made it possible to investigate the intrinsic properties of materials and many body effects, for example, the thickness of the superconducting channel 1 M345 is measured by the fast electrons behind them, the slow electrons behind the fast electrons. This energy redistribution distorts the intrinsic information contained in the initial photoelectrons, and reveals two kinds of phenomena: one is a general increase in the energy distribution, due to acceleration and retardation of the electrons in the contact; the other is a systematic shift of the energy. During the last decade, the use of synchrotrons and lasers, in combination with the latest technology of electron energy analysis, has made an enormous improvement in the energy resolution of the photoelectrons, and it is today, with an energy resolution of almost 3molarity, of about 5molarity or better. He is a third-generation synchrotron source. It produces a pulse of light of 500 mHz at the rate of xmath360 ps., which has a flux of 10 xmath3 photons / second, and a resolution of e / xmath2e of ten , 000 (e is the photon energy and e , the energy resolution of the source and the electron analyzer) , whereas a second beam of light of the third-generation synchrotron consists of a perfect polarization of bright ultraviolet light, of a flux of 10 xmath1 photons / second, with a resolving power e / xmath2e , e is the electron energy, e is the beamline energy resolution, e is the time resolution, and e is the electron energy. These effects are also a crucial feature in the energy-splitting and broadening of the spectroscopic data and in the designing of the next generation experiments. Here is a typical photoemission spectrum of polycrystalline gold taken at 35 ev . . . a sharp edge, e @ e. e at e. . 1 na is the average current, in which 12 na is the pulse . . . this is a third-generation synchrotron which generates a pulse of light with a frequency of 500 mhz, and a duration of Xmath60 ps. . . . . . What we have estimated, assuming a photon flux of xmath010 xmath8 photons a second at 35 ev, is corresponding to xmath006. It is also probable that local heating may take place because of high photon flux, since temperature only affects the broadening of the ethereal side, but does not affect the position of the ethereal side. We can thus prevent the possibility of local heating of the sample by high photon flux, because temperature is only changing the sharp edge, and not changing the ethereal side. Thus it was very surprising when we first found out that the gold ethereal side was changing positions with the incident photon intensity (fig. 1) - it was a measurement of the structure, that is, by measuring the thickness of the gold ethereal side with the corresponding thickness, i.e., at a temperature of one meter at xmath9, a width of fwhm, at xmath7 - this width of fwhm - which includes all contributions from the thermal broadening, analyzer resolution, beamline resolution and so on - note that the fermi energy increases with the ethenian stress; the observed temperature is negligible, the temperature is hardly substantial, so that the temperature is only increased with a small power, spreading over a size of one mm, xmath9 , which is negligible, so that it is also a concern for local cooling, which usually occurs due to poor electrical grounding. It was measured using the transmission mode of the analyzer, calibrated with samples of known size. in this way, the movement of the beam line is subdued by the photon flux. The flux is subdued by the vertical focus of the beamline; the horizontal focus is fixed. as you can see, the changes in the width of the beam are influenced by the size of the spot. Therefore, the observed movement of the beam is not caused by problems with the electron analyzer . therefore, the observed movement must be attributed to the action of the electron emission. To observe such an effect, we have to reduce the resolution of the beamline in such a way that it has a relatively high flux to cause an obvious enlargement, and a relatively high energy resolution ( @ xmath0mev) to resolve the additional enlargement from all other sources. so, in addition to the distance slanted, there is also an increase in the width slanted (see fig. 4) with the increase in the flux of the electrons. the measurement is possible with the use of the beamline to offset the amount of electrons emitted by the analyzer. in this case, it is based on the transverse mode of the analyzer, calibrated on known samples. The width slanted increases with the increase in the flux of the electrons (see fig. 4). When the flux of the electrons is fixed, the edge of the beam changes little with the number of electrons emitted by the analyzer. As shown in fig. 4, it is of a type comparable to the energy of the emitted electrons. The golden element was fixed at various angles and the coefficient of error for the angle of the analyzer was determined according to various photons. As we saw in the figure, the coefficient of error was quite large, and so it is evident that the broadening of the light rays is smaller at lower angles, but slightly larger at lower angles. In other words, the coefficient of error was somewhat larger than the inflection point. However, as we observed in Fig. 7, the coefficient of error was very large, and as we saw in Fig. 7, the coefficient of error was significant, especially at high angles. The coherence of the angle relative to the thickness of the gold atom was not exactly flat, which was perhaps due to a small systematic error in the experimental setup. and that it is interesting to observe that although the coherence of the atom was proportional to the angle of the electron, as we have already seen, it deviates considerably from the straight line. when the angle was at 90 degrees it was observed that the energy shifted less with the angle of the atom, which may be due to a systematic error of the experimental setup. Fig. 7 shows that the coherence of the coherence of the coherence increases with the angle of the electron, and it is compared with the calculated one. Observed from fig. 7 it was observed that the coherence of the electron was stronger at the smaller angle, and that the currents were less in the smaller angle. And as we can see in fig. 7 the coherence of the coherence was almost linear at the higher angle. Nevertheless, the coherence of the coherence was as large as the increment of the current. Hence the coherence of the coher The high current part of the curves is adjacent to each other, and the surface of the curves is equal to that of fig. 8.a and b of the curves is symmetrically curved; we extracted the slopes of these curves and plotted them in fig. 8c for two sample angles. b) The angle of the peak of the curve is even with the degree of the curve, which is evident, as you can see in fig. 7, the aspect of the curve is similar to fig. 8. To test the energy shift and the spread of the lines, we performed numerical simulations, using the monte-carlo method, to obtain the results. For the quantitative measurement, we compared the spectral weight of a large energy range (5 xmath035 ev) with a second, which is a factor of approximately the same amount, in the inset of fig. 9 . to verify the origin of the angle-dependent energy shift and the spread of the lines, we used the Gold Ring at different angles (Fig. 7). We found that the angle-dependent intensity of the valence band is identical (see fig. 7 ) the shape of the valence band is not apparent, but the relative intensity changes dramatically . we have applied the Monte Carlo method to our analysis to find out quantitatively the results. Our analysis showed that the angle dependence of the fermi power is directly related to the angle dependence of the number of electrons emitted from the light source. On the measurement geometry of the eddy analysis device, the fractions of electrons for which the energy level and the spread of electrons are to be calculated (referred to as the “test electrons”) are started at random times, with a varying initial energy, but with a random distribution in the starting position and time. the activation of a single test electron and the creation of a new test electron. In this way, the energy of the two pairs of electrons is assumed to be in a straight line determined by their initial conditions, that is, all the mutual interactions between them are ignored. For the accuracy of the integration to be of the same order of magnitude as that of the statistical uncertainty, the cut-off distance has to be at least one mm, and for most calculations, it is usually two mm. Here we assume that the energy of each test electron is concentrated on one interaction electron, so that the energies of each interaction electron are always accounted for in the matrix. The mass of each test electron is assumed to pass through the distances determined by the inversion angle, and there are a number of variable energy intervals, each of which has a different resemblance to the background in the pulse, including the many low-energy secondary electrons (fig. 6). Since the acceptance angle of the electron analyzer is small, the electrons for which the energy of spread and enlargement of the spectrum (as known as the “test electrons”) are carried forward in the direction of the laboratory, with a fixed initial energy, but with a random variation of energy and position. Such extreme outliers are ignored when calculating the distribution width. This is usually well matched with the Gaussian distribution, but the number of electrons which experience a great the resolving charge is always present, so it helps in balancing the resolving charge. for the higher energy of the interaction electrons (25-35 ev), this is not true, especially when the electrons are enlarged. For the resolving charge to broaden, the resolving charge is accompanied by a mirror charge in the sample (inset of fig. 12a) which also relates to the test electron. the test electron is accompanied by its own mirror charge (inset of fig. 12a) which also interacts with the test electron. In this case, the resolving charge is accompanied by a mirror charge in the sample, which also interacts with the test electron. This way, the energy resembling the pulses is equal to the energy resembling the radial layer. The effect of the mirror charge is not shown in the final model, since it is always present. Fig. 12a and 12b demonstrate the simulation of the movement and the enlargement of different energies in different intensities. For the highest intensities of the resolving charge (28-31 ev) the relation between the heat and the condensed water is made more complex. In this case the experimenter is provided with a mirror charge in the experiment, which is also present in the spectra of the contact, and the slope is calculated in Fig. 12b. The energy is spread out linearly with the number of test electrons per pulse and the slope is plotted in Fig. a fine-toothed study of the energy evolution of individual electrons has shown that the random part of the energy change is often dominated by a single event, i.e. a close encounter with another electron. The energy shifting would have to be of the same order of magnitude as the energy shifting from a pulsed source with the same number of electrons per hour. in the case of a pulsed source, because the electrons are not spatially divided according to their energy, they would expect to receive the energy shift from the space charge at a distance of less than a millimetre, while the mirror charge would give a negative shift. since the pulsed source is not spatially proportioned, the proportion of electrons in the flux is insignificant, and the force of the moment is the same, i.e. the smaller energy shift is much more of a neighbouring effect, and this is strongest when the pulse is dense. As the flux continues to grow, compared with the interval between pulses, we have also investigated whether it could be affected by the remains of the slow electrons from the previous pulse: it is not so, and this contribution is quite negligible. In our example we have taken a typical case of the helium i radiation (the electron energy of one atom) on polycrystalline gold (radioactive energy 116) and varied the sample current from 0 to 50 ps. It is, firstly, a function of the shape of the valence band, that is, the flux distribution of the electrons, and secondly, the relation between the phase length and the power per second, and the proportion of the signal strength. (b) It is a more complicated effect, because it depends on the number of electrons per pulse, the pulse length, the spot size of the sample, the angle of the electrons, and the amount of the emitted light. In fact, it is quite general. As we have already seen, the intensities of the energy of the pulses and the intensities depend on many parameters, including the number of electrons per pulse, the pulse length, the spot size on the sample, the angle of the light emission and the electron energy. In addition, it is a matter of material: if we assume an asymptotical behavior, the broadening of the pulses is close to 1 mev for a current of 1 . 5 @ xmath11 @ xmath1 electrons / second and can be significant when the flux is larger. According to Figs. 4 and 5 , the energy in the range is proportional to the current, the volume is nearly linear at high current, the volume is a bending curve at lower current. in a word, both results are consistent with the simulated results of the space charge (fig. 10), or the combined, space and mirror charge (fig. 12). Since there are so many variables involved, it is hard to take into account all the possibilities, and the proper approach is to measure or simulate on an individual basis. After considering both effects (fig. 12) the calculated energy shift becomes quantitatively inconsequential to the experiment, as can be seen in fig. 6 for different spots. As the light spot is much larger than the distance between electrons (for electrons traveling at a velocity of 30 ev), the shape of electrons is generally flat. For light spots that are very small, the distribution of electrons is a half-sphere. Here, if the light spot is larger than the distance between electrons (from the moving distance of 30 ev electron, the distance is 100 mm sqh ) , the shape of electrons is essentially flat. The relation between the relative ratios of the space charge effects is different. The spatial interaction between electrons is defined by the time interval, rather than by the distance between the points where they start. In that case, the effect may be independent of the size of the spot. After considering both effects (fig. 12) and comparing them, the calculated change becomes quantitatively consistent with the experiment, as seen in fig. 6 for different spot sizes. Fig. 6 shows that the area dependence on the spot is important, because the number of electrons and the area is important. The large discrepancy shows that the effect of the space charge alone cannot account for the observed energy shift. in a small spot, the spatial distribution of electrons is like a half sphere . in the limit where the spot is very small, the spatial distribution of electrons is a half sphere. One immediate issue is the electron energy reference in spectroscopy. It is common practice in the photoemission industry to use a metal reference as a reference, as it is a material, electrically connected to the sample. The reference, in fact, is made from a metal, a metal, or some other metal, which is electrically connected to the sample that is being measured. This reference is normally obtained by measuring the electron energy of the sample from a metal, which is electrically connected to the sample at which it is being measured. The moment of the excitation is limited by the number of electrons at the corresponding angles (fig. 8). This contribution, however, is little to the overall extension of the positive energy of the experiment. At the beginning of this observation, it is important to interpret the polarisation of the photon flux. As mentioned earlier, the average of electrons in the transverse-magnetic chamber is a time-consuming matter, and the same is true of the polarisation of the light from a second-generation synchrotron . For many synchrotrons the polarization of the light is finite and the concentration of electrons in the ring in the ring always changes with the time horizon, and, as we have already seen, a fermi-level uncertainty of about ten mev is inevitable at all times. but when the change in the polarity of the polarity of the electrons is very high, the contribution is not large to the overall enlargement. The angular dependence of the energy-scaling Fig. 7 can be attributed to the angle-dependent number of electrons at different epochs (fig. 9), which is probably related to the linearity of the light There is no doubt that this is not an ideal choice, especially when the high photon flux is necessary to obtain data with a good count and high efficiency. For instance, in material of high temperature, the nodal direction of the metal may be used as an internal reference to determine the fermi level, because it has been shown that the superconducting gap and the pseudogap approach zero along this direction except for slightly discolored samples. The energy resolution of the fermi level is related to the energy range, which is xmath0k/xmath15t t, near the fermi level (xmath0k is the boltzman constant and t is the temperature), so to probe the intrinsic properties of the material, the energy resolution has to be as good or better than k/xmath15t, which is 0 .8 mev for 10 k . so, the progress of the photoemission method has been rapidly accelerated by the scientific impulse to improve it to a higher energy resolution (in the sub-moon) and accompanied by greater sensitization. Thus, we have a great scientific impulse to improve the photoemission technique to even higher levels of energy (sub-moon) . as for the decay of the fermi - to the time, as the energy change is linearly proportional to the flux of the photon, it is possible to correct it by examining the current or the flux of the sample. So, as the uncertainty or the velocity increases with time, the energy waveform is linearly related to the flux of the electron, and it is possible to make corrections by calculating the current or the flux of the electron. This is interesting, for instance, to find out whether applying a bias voltage between the sample and the electron detector can affect the space charge effect. Moreover, in addition to increasing the sensitivity of the light sources, one must also make an effort to enhance the sensitivity of the electron detection . . . One must examine how the new electron detection schemes could possibly be adapted to overcome this sensitivity. It must be noted that even for the state-of-the-art, displayed electron detector, only less than 1° of electrons are collected in the examination, while all the other electrons that were emitted over 2° of angle are wasted. The other task is to keep improving the efficiency of the electron detection . . . a new method of capturing large absolute angles at the same time at high energy resolution. . . . special issue of science . . . 79 , no. 5465 . . . And so, the effect of the radiated photons is measured, taking into account the surface, beamline, the analyzer, and the temperature. The division has also given support to the work at ssrl with contract fg03 - 01er45929 a001 . the sub division has also provided support to the work at ssrl, under contract de fg03 - 01er45929 a001 . the radiated beam is in the xy plane, and its angle to the yaxis is called @ xmath4 . The result of this experiment is a multi-dimensional incense pipe, which is operated by the doe's office, under contract de fg03 - 01er45929 a001 , the detector is rotatable, and the lens is in the y-axis , the angle of the lens with respect to the z-axis is called @ xmath4 . the average power is in the x-axis and parallel to y-axis . ... In the inset, we show the integrated spectral weight over the whole range of 5 . . . - xmath4 in relation to the inclination of the instrument (black solid square), in proportion to the horizontal angle of the inclination of the instrument (blue circle) . . . but when energy grows, the curves do not quite converge, especially at the longest pulses. . . .