In the 1950s, 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s theoretical and experimental studies on the hydrodynamic radiation of beams and particles in dense media were reported, and the idea of detecting ultra-high-energy neutrinos (@ xmath1) was for the most part raised by the idea that acoustic radiation may be utilised to detect ultra-high-energy cosmic neutrinos (@ xmath1), as it is currently pursued in the cherenkov neutrino telescopes. the calculation of the hydrodynamic radiation of such neutrinos is of a much more complicated nature than the search for high-energy neutrinos (@ xmath2) is under way in ice and water cherenkov neutrino telescopes. in 1957, G. Askaryan pointed out that the ionisation and cavitation of an ionising particle through a liquid leads to hydrodynamic radiation. according to the so-called thermo-acoustic model .. . (This model is called thermo-acoustic) because the energy deposition of particles in liquids leads to a local heating of the medium which can be considered instantaneous according to hydrodynamic time scales . . . as a result of the temperature change the medium expands or contracts according to its bulk volume expansion coefficient .. . The accelerated motion of the heated medium generates an ultrasonic pulse whose amplitude is a sonic pulse whose amplitude is a sonic pulse whose velocity is a sonic pulse whose amplitude is a sonic pulse whose amplitude is a sonic pulse whose amplitude is a In the subsequent sections we will present the thermo-acoustic model. The system is based on the momentum conservation, which consists in the euler equation, for mass density, xmath7, a velocity vector field of the medium, and the momentum-density tensor @xmath11, and the pressure @xmath11 @xcite. In order to calculate the equation, the problem is split into two spatial regions: firstly, the first is the time, the first is the space, and the second is the time, the first is the space, and the second is the place, and there is the energy dissipation, such as internal friction or heat exchange, i.e., to take the three inverses of eq. (eq. euler) and, with respect to xmath12, the continuity equation (euler) are calculated; then, in the latter, the movement of the euler equation, i.e., is an adiabatic. 1 Moreover, we can find out in the following that, from the beginning, the thermo-acoustic model is obtained from basic assumptions, using a hydrodynamic approach. A very curious feature has been observed, for example, at a temperature of 4 math6c, where the thermo-acoustic signal is not formed, is also observed for the electron beam, but not for the laser beam, indicating that the formation of this signal is related to the charge or the mass of the protons. In the derivation, the dissipation of energy due to external friction or heat transfer is neglected. xmath26) the non-linear kinetic term =+ and the specific heat =+ at xmath32. the equation (=  ?= ntymbold) can be ignored for small deviations from the static density = and for small pressure differences =@ xmath26 =; and if the pressure =, it is due to the energy =» and the energy =23° and the coefficient =mboldrintymboldnj(, , i, ,  drise,  (  )dvm asspin. in the field b, where non-equilibrium deposition occurs, the example may be made by  irz­, by the direction  uvst [,=2], which breaks the isotropy of the energy - momentum tensor and describes in a proper way the momentum transfer to the fluid ... The analysis of this thermodynamic model, which has been used in the interpretation of the results of the experiments described in the following section, allows for a precise investigation of the thermodynamic theory. The latter study involves an analysis of the temperature and momentum of the beam in the medium. However, for the case of a light-weaving atmosphere, the pressure field resulting from the fusion of a beam with a medium is governed by the spatial and temporal distribution of the density of the energy deposited. Only if we assume an anisotropic energy deposited by the beam in a medium, we arrive at the equation . ( eq . Pressure - approx.) . note that the verification of the last assumption of xmath43 as a good approximation requires a detailed knowledge of the transfer of the kinetic energy from the beam to the medium. - Only if the energy deposited by the beam in a medium is anisotropic, we arrive at the expression . . . ( eq . Pressure - approx. ) . A special finite field of temperature is obtainable, for the amount of protons in the water is about math56. The leaked matter can be measured with several ultrasonic sensors (also called hydrophones) in the tank. The beams are dumped into a dedicated math54 tank where the acoustic field is measured by several fixed sensors, the number of which is as good as or less than one tenth of a cm. The distance between the acoustic field and the water level is measured by several very small-sized sensors (see fig. math53.) the sensors (also called hydrophones) can be positioned within the tank with absolute certainty of less than one cm. For the protons, the water temperature (math62) is relatively uniform across the beam axis (math63, math64, math64 axis), which is to say, almost uniform along the water up to math66 and ending at math66 with the prominent peak math66 (see fig. math66 energy) . This temperatures, which is precisely, @xmath57, is enough to regulate the water temperature in any sense. The temperature was adjusted to a specific value by first cooling the water with ice; afterwards the whole volume was heated to the desired temperature in a gradual, slow procedure. The radiance of the beam was approximately xmath69 cm and the pulse length was set at xmath70. For the infrared light which was used, the density of laser energy contained along the axis has an exponential decrease with an absorption of xmath71 (see fig. [fig. energy-deposition z]) . both experiments were conducted in the mode of excitation, and in the mode of proton ion ion . . . for the direct infrared light deposited by the laser has an exponential decrease with an absorption length of xmath71 (see fig. [fig. ] . . . , width = 294] . for the pulse, the analogous data, the c-scale, were measured, and the relative decrease was found to be less than xmath76 ( or about 0 ). . . . The signal sensitivity was measured and the relative decrease was found to be less than xmath76 (v / pa). The sensitivity dependence on temperature was measured and the relative decrease was less than xmath76 (at xmath76 the sensitivity was essentially less than xmath76 (about 0 . . . ). . . . It is noted that the present work compared the typical and the experimental results for the proton and the laser, taking into account the same sensors and experiment setup. Moreover, the general shapes of the two signals are different: the proton beam reveals a bipolar form; the laser, on the other hand, deviates from such a generic form. The measured signal starts at the expected time of the acoustic signal (56. 2 @ xmaths for the given position, see fig. xmaths, as shown by the sonic path length). The reflected waves from the acoustic signal overlay the initial wave at the beginning of the rare-female peaks; and the frequency components of the signal enhance the resonant response of the sensor, slightly changing the resonant signal and causing it to ring. The two signals have different general shapes: a typical proton beam shows a bipolar sign, whereas the laser deviations from that . . . , which has a bipolar sign . . . The first point was studied, and it was found to correspond with an electric charge in the sensors caused by the proton beam. This first point was studied, and found to be consistent with the electric charge effect of the sensors caused by the proton beam. The three main contributors to this reversal are observed: the recorded signal begins before the expected onset of the acoustic signal (55. . . 2 . . The corresponding dashed lines in the upper graph express the charge effect of the specified text. This synthesis was based on the thermoacoustic model. Its input parameters were either measured in the experiments, i.e., medium temperature and beam profiles, or simulated, i.e., the energy deposition of the protons by the protons (with Geant) . Thus, in the analysis of the expected signals, the voltage and the pressure were compared . . . and, in this respect, the maximum was taken. . . . . . . for the simulation of the expected signals, these parameters were included. For the experimental process, they were all obtained in a series of experiments in which the input parameters were varied individually, in the range given by the experiment, including uncertainties. . . . . to avoid systematic effects arising from the setup, caused, e.g., by reflections on the surfaces, the response was condensed on the simulated signals, instead of deconvoluted from the measured ones. the dependent parameter radii, @ xmath86, is the same as that in a different direction from that seen in the fig. [16]. It is possible to follow the axis of the sphere @ xmath86, and this is a dependency on the radii of the sphere @ xmath86, roughly in the direction of the expected 1 - xmath87 and - xmath87. This dependence on the energy is strictly linear. , the dependence on the intensity of the wave in a given space and time, and on the behaviour of the elementary waves in the volume of energy deposition. The thermoacoustic sound produced at a given point in space and time, depends on the properties of the beam. Moreover, the wave, by the means of the integral in eq. (eq. pressure), is governed by the integral of eq. (eq. pressure) and therefore depends on both the spatial and the temporal dynamics of the waves, and the interaction of the particles with the water. The infinity of the beam has no influence on the amplitude of the wave, since with 9ns the amplitude of the wave is much shorter than the transit time of the acoustic signal through the energy deposition area. The infinity of the waves depends on the energy. The beam parameters used in the simulation of the proton signals in fig. . . and their associated experimental uncertainties (@ xmath91) are shown, as well as the systematic uncertainties in the amplitude of the signal (@ xmath92) . The main uncertainty for the proton beam is given by the temporal profile of the pulse, which was simplified in this chapter (in the rest of this work) to a gaussian profile. The other major factor in the amplitude of the signal is the position of the sensor (@ xmath63 - direction). The first parameter in the amplitude is the wavelength of the beam (@ xmath64 ) and the second amplitude is the direction of the beam (@ xmath64 - direction). table [ tab, systematics] gives the parameters and their uncertainties (@ xmath91) used for the simulation of the signals. The input parameters of the simulation were varied in the experimental uncertainties, until the best agreement with the measured amplitude and duration was obtained for the reference point at xmath80 = 0 m and at xmath66 m. The resulting systematic uncertainties are below @ xmath95 >. - since it is inclined to the plane and almost flat energy density in the xmath63 direction, up to the braggaloid peak - 0 . . . _The single most important feature of the energy deposition of the laser beam is at the entrance to the medium. The most striking feature of this deposition is at the entrance of the medium, which has a subordinated shape and, with a light source, as a mirror, and a form that is almost cylindrical. - the region xmath97 m the signals are bipolar , not only the total amplitude and duration agree (see the following sections) but also the signal form is reproduced very high. In the region xmath98 m the signals are of bipolar form. The less amplitude and duration match (see the following sections) but also the signal shape is reproduced to a very high degree. Unlike the proton beam, the shape of the signals at different points along the xmath63 axis do not vary much, but only the relative timing of the two signals varies. the main feature of the laser energy deposition is in the region of Xmath97 m., the signal from the discontinuity of the beam into the medium is almost as circular as the signal from a point source (bypass signal). In order to ascertain the hydrodynamic origin of the measured signals, the comparison of the arrival times of different sensor-positions in the water tank was studied. Figures (fig. ) - time - distance - represent the measured data and the linear solution of each signal type. For the proton beam @ xmath101 ( @ xmath102) was obtained for a water temperature of xmath103c, where literature @ xcite gives the value of pure water at normal pressure @ xmath104, which is perfectly in agreement. The detachment between the proton and laser signals in fig. - time - distance - shows the measured data and a linear solution for each beam type. This difference between the measured and the simulated signals for different sensors in the water tank, without the reflections, was largely due to reflections, which were not simulated and therefore cannot be compared. [The offset between the proton and laser signals in fig. - time - distance - time - time - is due to the different delay times between the triggering time and the arrival time of the different beams in the water, and therefore the measurement of the sound is not compared. What I will call the drop-off at xmath 111 takes the shape of the cylindric source, with the characteristic of the low, brittle peak, as a fixed point, and a soft cylindric peak combining with the cylindric radiance at xmath 114 m. At xmath 114 m the amplitude falls off more uniformly; again this is due to the high frequency of the laser signals, in which the minor uncertainties in the simulation may cause big changes in the amplitude of the signal. This is presumably due to the simplification of the model in sec . . . [Section ][2] in Sec .[3] for the two laser radiances. [4] for the proton radiance. [5] for the proton radiance , the radiances of the beams are different. . . . [7] [10] (the intensity of the beams is divided by distances of 0-100 m and 1000 m, and the energy of the radiating pulses is estimated as a pre-factor. Thus, the effluvial result is attributed to the high-frequently received signals of the laser, where minor uncertainties in the simulation result in great changes of the radiance. It is shown in fig. b that the laser beam amplitude is governed by the temperature of the medium. In the case of the proton beam, which will be discussed later, these hydrophone positions correspond roughly to the position of the X-math63 amplitude, and a X-math63 amplitude where the sign of the amplitude is positive or negative. The highest point of the thermo-acoustic model is the dependence of the medium temperature on the signal amplitude. The line indicates linear fits to the data points, yielding a zero crossing of the amplitude compatible with no energy in the pulse. The last factor of the thermo-acoustic model is its dependence on the temperature of the medium. The graphs depict the amplitude of the laser signal. ‘In a similar way we compared the amplitudes at the point of arrival of the acoustic signals. A time of zero was chosen for each of the signal amplitudes, and for each signal amplitude the respective offset was added or subtracted, to yield the correct amplitude at the point of arrival. Fig. 322 The resulting amplitudes, as shown in Fig. 322 a protons oscillation, were added or subtracted to the corresponding signal at that time. To explain this effect, the amplitudes of the signals below the temperature of @xmath129 were calculated (see Fig. 322 a proton oscillation). The signal at @xmath129 exhibited no visible dimming and the signal inverts its polarity between @xmath129 and @xmath131 . The resulting amplitudes of Fig. 322 a protons oscillation were reduced in all signals. Considering the results of the laser measurements and the clear systematic nature of the deviation from the model, as is clear from fig. 322 a proton oscillation, the resulting amplitudes were subtracted from all signals. [Temperature dl c is subtracted], and so a non-temperature dependent effect was expected in addition to the thermoacoustic signal. The results in fig. 325 (Temperatured dl c) are well described by the prediction of the model. The first feature that puzzled me was the presence of the equivocal signal at 4 @ xmath6c, which has been also observed in previous experiments, which is, as is well known, an investigation to get to the balance between the average concentration and the submaximal concentration , as was described in sec. -[339] - and by defining the polarization factor for the submaximal concentration at xmath136 . The second feature of the present investigation was the assumption of a residual signal at 4 @ xmath6c, which was also observed in previous experiments, as is shown in sec. -[40] - calculations with new sensors positioned around the bragg-line. The signal production according to the thermo-acoustic model could be unambiguously confirmed. The study of the thermo-acoustic model, as has been proved, can be guaranteed with unprecedented accuracy. Other non-thermal signals which might be produced in the water have been described in the literature and are now believed to have a temperature independent signal, as for instance, @ xmath-13. After analyzing the experimental data, which was confirmed earlier, this simulation, although the model was confirmed earlier, is now of a new degree of precision . . . as explained in sec. . [a] Compared approach, the heavier protons are compared to smaller ones. For example, in the case of a laser beam in the case of xcite, there was also a resemblance of xmath123 with a leading compression and then, following the reduction of the zero-crossing of the signal, to xmath 140 , this resemblance is in contrast to the laser experiment in the case of xcite. and it should be noted that the results for the two types of beams are the same, and they are reported in the same order. , meanwhile, the result for the resemblance of the two beams to the temperature of xmath139 differs from those of the article at hand. As a result of the examination of these elusive particles, the researchers conclude that this will lead to a change in the potential value, which is lower than the predicted value. The study of these elusive particles will not only make us better acquainted with their nature but also educate us about their behaviour. Therefore, it is the best of our knowledge that the findings of the authors discussed here can be explained by the same results as the ones in the article at hand. neutrinos are the only messengers of light in the universe, i.e., distances of many tens of thousands of parsecs. Moreover, the results for the measurement with a laser beam in the article at hand differ from that of the article at hand. This observation is in contrast to the experiments with the laser beam. I am pleased to say that my work, together with other authors, has shown that the thermo-acoustic model is quite accurate in its analysis of the sound signals of jets, for it has been verified, with uncertainties at the number of xmath. At the same time, I must understand the signal properties of jets, which are generated by the emitting radiation of the neutrino atoms. In spite of the apparent inconsistency between the simulations of jets formed in water and the advances in detector tools, the uncertainty of the electrostatic field and the cascade-to-cascade variations have decreased significantly; recent studies have however been less than one-quarter of the previous one. In addition to the uncertainties of the thermo-acoustic model, there are also large uncertainties due to the simulations of hadronic cascades and cascade-to-cascade variations, which dominate the challenge to identify and classify the sound signals that result from neutrino interactions. This work, along with others, has established the credibility of the thermo-acoustic model with uncertainties at the upper-amount of the percent. In many aspects the signal properties are consistent with the model. In this work, together with others, xcite, it has been demonstrated that the sound generating mechanism of intense pulses is well described by the thermo-acoustic model. The biggest uncertainties of the experiments are on the lower-amount of the percent of the weight. One small anomaly is the non-vanishing signal in the middle of the experiment. In the present case, the authors hereby appoint a special acoustic committee, to the administrative staff of the desy zeuthen university and of uppsala university, for their support. . . . Parts of the analyses were performed at the theodor svedberg laboratory in uppsala , sweden. . . . the authors wish to thank all concerned personnel, and particularly the acoustics and research groups of the desy zeuthen university and of the Uppsala university , for their support . . .