This has been very well studied, especially in the case of the so-called ratchet system, which is asymmetric periodic potentials, where the group of particles experiences directed transport. – this is particularly important in cases like those with the hamiltonian ratchet system, which, for example, is asymmetric periodic potentials in which an ensemble of particles experiences directed transport – this is how the transport properties of nonlinear dynamical systems are far from well understood. A few years ago mateos, as a parameter of a ratchet system, studied a particular model with a periodic under-damped particle, he compared the forces of the particles, particularly the current and velocity, and the entire ensemble, and he showed that this quantity, which is an intuitively reasonable definition of current,  could be either positive or negative depending on the amplitude of the periodic force for the system , if the current was irregular or positive, mateos conjectured that this quantity, which is an intuitively reasonable definition of current,' could be either positive or negative, depending on the magnitude of the periodic force for the system. The corresponding transport properties can also be dramatically changed. As a matter of fact, the reason for interest in this is that there are some models that are so asymmetric periodic potentials where the ensemble of particles experience directed transportation. . . . We report here the properties of the current in a chaotic deterministic ratchet, specifically the same system that was studied by Mateos and Barbi and Salerno. They formulated a new explanation for the current reversal, and thought that this was due to the different stability properties of the rotating periodic orbits. These results are fundamentally sensible. However, the paper does not rely on the dynamics of the system, that is to say, on the behaviour of a single particle as opposed to an ensemble, as in such a case. We shall now describe studies of the current in a chaotic deterministic ratchet, especially in the same way as described by mateos xcite and by barbi and salerno xcite. However, there is a considerable dependence of the result on the statistics of the ensemble to which we have taken recourse. The details of this dependence on the ensemble are especially relevant to the possible experimentation of the results, because experiments are always conducted, with finite precision, with finite time, and finite ensembles. in particular, there can be extreme dependence of the result on the statistics of the ensemble. Hence it is advisable to understand how the probability ensemble may behave in such a system. We report here on experiments on the properties of the current in a deterministic ratchet, specifically the system considered by mateos and barbi and salerno. These two studies were based on a detailed methodology to study the transport properties of this mixed-normal and chaotic system. the details of the dependence on the ensemble are particularly relevant to the issue of the possible experimental validation of these results, because experiments are always conducted, by virtue of finite-resolution, over finite intervals Then we consider an ensemble of particles moving in an asymmetric periodic potential, driven by a periodic time-dependent external force, which is also zero-time average. Thus, in our study, we find that the behavior of a chaotic ratchet is not as simple as the initial hypothesis. we take, therefore, the non-linearity of the effects of bifurcations in the dynamics of the velocity of a system, in general, seems to be induced by the slightest change in the current, which might, depending on the specificity of the current, lead the net current to reverse, but not necessarily so. We introduce, therefore, the principles and procedures for finding the following heuristic rules in order to understand the behavior of general chaotic ratchets. In the next section, we discuss the subtleties of establishing a correspondence between the behaviour of individual trajectories and of groups. if we consider an ensemble of particles moving in an asymmetric periodic potential driven by a periodic external force which has a zero-time average. The equations of motion for an individual trajectory for such a system are given in dimensionless variables by @xmath2, where the periodic asymmetric potential can be written in the form of @xmath3 + frac   1   4 . , title = fig. “ fig. “” , the surface of which is figuratively asymmetric is the phase space of the unfeasible ratchet. The ratchet is like a series of asymmetric pendulas. In a system like this, the dynamics of individual trajectories are quite complicated and depend on the choice of parameters and the initial conditions. The dynamics of individual trajectories in such a system are now extremely complicated and depend especially on the choice of parameters and initial conditions. When damping is introduced by the xmath13-dependent term in eq. eq. dyn, it is the only trajectories for the system. Fig. 3—Fig. 3—we have shown examples of this type of chaos in the Poids section (fig. 3). Then a period four attractor is formed from the four centers of the circles with xmath13. when the driving is turned on, the phase space becomes chaotic with the usual intertwined separatrices and homoclinic tangles. The trajectories of the undamped uncontrolled crank of the system of the unsteady potential . . . in the wells the trajectories and all their properties change, leading to a zero net transport. The stable fixed points have corresponding net transport depending on their initial condition. The result is that all coexisting attractors in the system have the same position, @xmath30. if the system has a fixed point attractor, all the data lie in one place @xmath28. We have constructed several experiments to test this and the results are identical. Note that this procedure uses several initial conditions, and a bifurcation diagram is not the behavior of a single trajectory. Then we present several examples of this bifurcation diagram, which we have made as a test, and the diagrams are exactly the same. Note that here are various initial conditions, and the bifurcation diagram is not a single trajectory . . . that is, the bifurcation diagram is created by stretching out the relevant parameter, in this case, the period of the flow, from @xmath27 to some maximum value @xmath37. . . . the minimum number of observations is taken at intervals of xmath27, and the result is plotted against xmath27. . . . if the system has a fixed point attractor, all the data is situated at one place @xmath28. Note that this is necessary to discard transient behavior, and will be discussed more extensively below in the context of the net transport and current. There is a more particular factor which has been suppressed by the definition above: the shape and location of the ensemble. There is, in general, a dependence on the form and location of the ensemble. a variation of the three initial conditions can be produced by a single, even linear, approach. The first direct result is given in Fig. 1 (figure 2); that is, a regular approach is often adopted, and this approach is then taken to yield the average velocity of the particles of the original experiment, which is then averaged over a discrete time period, a difference of xmath40, where xmath25 is the number of observations made. The curves resulting from the varying number of points in the initial ensemble are given in a more efficient manner. However, it is interesting to note that in the regular case it is possible to use a single trajectory to produce the same result as in the many experiments of the experiment. the other parameter, which has been suppressed in the definition above, is the form and location of the ensemble being used. The current current at xmath38 compared with the number of paths @ xmath44 for xmath7; dashed lines indicate a regular motion with xmath46, solid lines indicate a chaotic movement with xmath44; dashed lines represent a regular motion with xmath47, and solid lines represent a chaotic motion with xmath47. Therefore, it is necessary to consider many different initial conditions to generate a current. While the former, merely a single trajectory, dominated the dynamics of the oscillations, we do see in Fig. 4 a little-known "average" current. if it is given in the ordinary domain, it is only about xmath50. , for example, a large math51 current - its centroid is inscribed by xmath54. It should be noted that, if a particular ensemble is gaussian, the width of the ensemble also affects the current, and it is possible to observe a false constant, as we see in Fig. 4 - width = 348 [3, width = 326] . note that the value of the one-direction current is usually significantly greater than that of the ensemble. Note also that in fig. 3 , the concentration of the current is in effect, and it is more or less the same in the small and irregular ensembles, for the fact that the ensemble is invariably more or less regular. They , as a matter of fact, have the classical structure of stable islands embedded in a chaotic sea, of which a lot of variation has taken place. As a matter of fact, if you look at the classical phase space for hamiltonian or under-damped motions, you see the typical structure of stable islands embedded in a chaotic sea, which have a rather complicated character. Suppose we look at the classical phase space for the hamiltonian or the under-damped motions, we see the typical form of stable islands embedded in a chaotic sea with a complex diffraction pattern. In this case the dynamics of the disturbance depended on the location of the initial conditions and on the spread of the initial conditions. In this way the synthesis is more rapid, the ensembles’ independence more rapid, as a function of @xmath0. To this result we are presented with a series of heuristic statements, which are summarized in a series of heuristic statements. Having outlined these results, we can now turn our attention to the bifurcation of the table to the current, as will be explained later in this chapter. ‘1’ ‘The bottom of this figure is an account of the current and its bifurcation compared with the one at @xmath66 and @xmath8 , whose grid is based on the underlying grid for @xmath66 and @xmath8 , the corresponding grid for the current at @xmath68 and of the grid for the grid at @xmath68. The current, however, is not without structure, which changes very abruptly with the change in parameter. (the reversal is at @xmath53 , and therefore there are no reversals at all. ) , and the grid for @xmath68 and @xmath72 show the aggregate parameter range chosen very arbitrarily. in a) and b) we have shown the grid dependent on a grid, i.e. in a) and b) the black curve represents an ensemble of paths starting at the stable fixed point @xmath67, with a root-mean-square gaussian width of @xmath68, and a brown curve for paths beginning at the unstable fixed point @xmath69 and of width @xmath72. note again that the grid has considerable structure, even if it is negative. Note again, however, that the grid has a lot of structure, even though it is negative . . . . In general, our results are consistent with barbi and salerno, although in several details they are displeased with one another. In particular, we look at their figures. (Figs. 2 and 3a, 3b) in particular, we examine the region at xmath72 of their data. (Fig. 2c). The converged data is (a) more agreeable and can be more easily interpreted as transitions in the stability of periodic orbits. However, we are a search for positive correlations and have not excluded the more limited assertion that all current reversals are associated with bifurcations, which is, of course, the mateos conjecture. (A) The ensemble results are, not surprisingly, cleaner and may be more easily interpreted as transitions in the behavior of the stability of periodic orbits. a) The current results of the current are substantiated in the vast case with the largest at xmath44. note, for instance, that the bifurcation of xmath74 is a little gentler than the individual's, which has been growing for some time, while the single-stream results abruptly change. b) The current results of the current are in general in agreement with barbi and salerno, although they differ in some details. For the sake of a better explanation, we will examine two more details: the first is the reaffirmation that there is substantial information in the ensemble current that cannot be obtained from the single-trapping current, and the second is that the heuristic result is again a negative one: that “most” current reversals are in turn accompanied by bifurcations. Fig. 8 is one of those diagrams that do not bear on the mateos conjecture. (fig. 8). The bifurcation diagram shows that there are transitions in this case before or after the spike. Moreover, a certain kind of different rule of thumb, that had been proposed earlier, comes out: if xmath7 and xmath79 are analyzed, then a current (upper) and a bifurcation diagram (upper) versus xmath0 . . . Note, however, that the eye-tracking tests are misleading. The result is that in certain situations the heuristics do not seem to be applicable. This result is in fact in accordance with the possibility that in certain circumstances there are occasions when these heuristics do not seem to apply. For example, the results in fig.6 do not express an example of the mateos conjecture, nor a failure of it. Moreover, in fig.6 it completely reproduces the behaviour of fig.6 (see figure 6, above) which can neither be understood as an example of the mateos conjecture, nor even as a failure of it. This result, the fact that there are cases where the heuristics are inapplicable, is one of the open questions of this problem, of course. Nevertheless, in not all cases can we find such hidden bifurcations. When we look at the relevant figures, we see that this rule of thumb is very useful. As a result, one of the changes in the behavior of the currents appears to occur without bifurcation, as in fig.6 (‘Sunny') , which cannot be understood as an example of the mateos conjecture, or even a failure of it. (Rev. Nobifur) . we see an example of this in fig.6 (‘Sunny’) . It seems that the current is moving smoothly across the parameter space without bifurcation, even though one does a careful scan of the data, as in fig. (‘Sunny’) . the current seems to be flowing smoothly over the data, and no corresponding bifurcation is apparent, even when we zoom in at a fine scale, as in The challenge is to make clear whether the reason for ignoring or recognizing the rule can be made more concrete. We have then made the observation that the heuristical characteristics of the individual-elementary behaviour often correspond to sudden spikes or jumps in the current in the same system. A shortcoming is thus marked in the observation that the two parameters are rather more critical than the other at certain intervals. The lecture notes in physics of complex systems, vol. 476, edited by j. parisi, s. c. mueller, and w. zimmermann (Springer Verlag, Berlin, 1996), pp. 294 - 308; r. d. asturmian, science, p. 276, 917 (1997); f. jlicher, a. ajdari, and j. prost, rev. mod. phys. 69 , 1269 (1997); c. dring, nuovo ci. p. hnggi and bartussek, in nonlinear physics of complex systems, lecture notes in physics vol. 476, edited by j. parisi, s. c. mueller, and w. zimmermann (Springer Verlag, berlin, 1996) pp. 294 - 308; r. d. asturmian, science * 276 - 917 (1997); f. jlicher, a. ajdari, and j. prost, rev. mod. phys. 69 - 1269 (1997); c. dring, nuovo ci.