After he has set out the mechanism, the mass spectrum and the flavor structure of the so-called supersymmetric supersymmetric supersymmetric supersymmetric supersymmetric supersymmetric supersymmetric supersymmetric supersymmetric supersymmetric supersymmetric supersymmetric supersymmetric supersymmetric supersymmetric supersymmetric supersymmetric supersymmetric mssm can be calculated by a small number of parameters. Thus, it may be possible to confirm or disprove the mechanism through direct searches or by direct experiments of flavour changing neutral currents. In the present paper, we focus on the no-scale type of khler potential, in which the hidden sector and the observable sector are separated as follows: xmath2 and xmath4 are hidden sector fields and observable sector fields, respectively. This type of khler potential was initially investigated in ref. xcite, and ref. xcite with ref. xcite and ref. xcite. The dynamical properties of the khler potential (eq. no-scale khler) are: scalar masses and trilinear scalar couplings (a- terms) vanish as the cosmological constant vanishes. These khler potentials have been investigated in ref. xcite and ref. xcite. If scalar mass is formed by gravity, the mass of scalar masses and the super-partners of the standard model (sm) particles are determined by khler potential. it has been shown that the khler potential of the effective theory obtained from dimensional reduction is eq. ([eq.] noscalekahler]) @ xcite. if the hidden sector and the visible sector are separated in the superspace density in the supergravity lagrangian, the khler potential is given as eq. ([eq.] noscalekahler) . in this case, the hidden sector consists of the brane, and the visible sector consists of the other. it has been shown that in some of the string theories, for example, weakly coupled, i.e., heterotic, khler potentials become no-scale type . it has been shown that the khler potential, obtained by dimensional reduction, is eq. ([eq.] noscalekahler) . in the no-scale scenario, the gaugino masses are limited, because only the soft gaugino masses are gaugino masses and higs mixing masses if the boundary conditions are given. Moreover, phenomenological aspects of this situation have been studied in the literature, mainly focusing on the mass spectrum. the cosmological bounds are also discussed. We have given an example of the following three cases: * universal gaugino masses are given at the gut scale. In this case, wino, higgsino or sneutrino can be the lsp. Adding these constraints, we show that almost all the parameter region is excluded when the masses are given at the gut scale. However, if the mass is given above the gut scale, it is possible to allow for an extremely large number of parameters. In this paper we will summarize phenomenological aspects of the susy models with no-scale boundary conditions, particularly indications of the direct search limit and the direct search limit at the lep. This section will also contain indications of the tevatron. In the present section we will review the phenomenological aspects of the susy models with no-scale boundary conditions, especially the cosmological bound and the cosmological bound. In this section we will summarize some phenomenological aspects of the susy models with no-scale boundary conditions, particularly the direct search bound and the cosmological bound at lep 2. in this section we will also examine the univariate case, in which wino, higgsino or sneutrino can be the lsp. In this case, we will call this case the maximal case. In this case, we will examine the smallest possible case, that is, the maximum possible case. And for instance, when the bino mass and the right-hand slepton mass are given at the weak level, then the cosmological constraint is not very severe because the stau mass is large enough and the neutralino mass is larger. In this case, the cosmological constraint is moderate. From eq. (Eq., MinimNeumtau) we see that the charged right-hand slepton is the lsp, if the d-term @ xmath19 is negligible, i.e., @ xmath20 . so the cosmological constraint is also moderate. Next, we see that the masses of the universal gaugino are given above the gut. In the basic Su (5), the right-hand slepton belongs to a pack of 10 plets, so the big group of sleptons makes the masses heavier. Moreover, the lep 2 experiments resulted in the upper limit of the cross-section of smuon pair production, @ xmath21 for @ xmath22 and @ xcite for @ xcite, so the region in fig. a charged stau lsp can also be avoided if gaugino masses at the gut scale are not universal, i.e., if this boundary condition is naturally set in the gut framework . . . in the first case, not only bino - like neutralino - but also wino - like neutralino or sneutrino - can be lsp if xmath32 and xmath33 are larger than 20. In the second case, the neutral wino or higgsino is the lsp if xmath32 is larger than 20. In the second case, not only the bino-like neutralino , but also wino-like, higgsino, or sneutrino can be lsp if xmath32 is larger than 20 . So, we conclude that our conclusion is conservative and is not significantly changed by the two-circuit effect. in the present paper, we compute the lightest height by means of the principle of the effective potential at xcite. xcite is computed at the normalization point of the geometric mean of the two-circuit eigenvalues @ xmath42. Moreover, the inverse of xmath is estimated by means of the principle of the inverse, as we will see later. There is a possibility of a quantile value of this type of value. Using the inverse of xcite we checked that the difference between these two results is less than five centimetres, as long as xmath30 is larger than 5. . . . The deposition of xmath50 by Lep2 [as xmath51] is shown in this figure. From the figure, we find that the deposition of xmath51 excludes almost the region where the rule osp is avoided. In fig. : Limitmbc1e17posmu and Limitmbc1e17negmu, the limits of the deposition of xmath54 and of xmath56 are shown. Now the limitation of the deposition of xmath12 is very strict, because chargino’s contribution to xmath0 interferes constructively with sm and charged osps. Hence, in a typical example, we chose the minimal su (53) as the theory above the gut scale. So, if r is conserved, and if the cosmological limit is relevant, then the deposition of xmath56 is ruled out. in Fig. [fig.], Limitmbc1e17posmu] and Limitmbc1e17negmu, results are shown. in the following three cases we consider, namely, wino-like neutralino mass, as well as neutralino mass, as , Xmath74 in table , here we fixed Xmath75. Thus, we obtain the mass relationship among them and a scale of xmath61, which corresponds to the compactification scale in the sequestered sector, by measuring xmath73. In this scale, trilepton of chargino-neutralino mass is shown in a table , Xmath69, Xmath69 is a signal which is useful for this search. in this range, trilepton of chargino-neutralia-associated production of @xmath71 is one of the most convenient signals for the search of turbidophoenix. Notice that at the moment Xmath71 is changing, the right-hand mass changes with the neutralia-neutralia mass; hence, it is possible to find the mass relation and cutoff range @xmath61, which corresponds to the compactification scale in the sequestered sector, by measuring @xmath73. So, if xmath66 and xmath67 are given in the same manner, turbidophoenixes may be detected at the experiment. So for instance, the mass difference between the two ends is about a tenth of a tenth of a tenth of a tenth of a tenth of a tenth of a tenth of a tenth of a tenth of a tenth of a tenth of a tenth of a tenth of a tenth of a tenth of a tenth of a tenth of a tenth of an tenth of a tenth of a tenth of the latter's encumbrances in addition to those of tenths of tenths of a cosine in trilepton signaling; for the discovery of a tenth of an atom - a source of trilepton signals, because a mere acceptation requires a least transverse strength of the three cosines , namely tenths of tenths of an atom of the tenth of a cosine; therefore a cosine from tenth of tenth of tenth of tenth of tenth of tenth of tenth of tenth of a centimetre at tenth of tenth of tenth of tenth of tenth of tenth of a cosine that is tenth of its transverse momentum. and so a cosine from tenth of tenth of tenth of tenth of tenth of tenth of tenth of tenth of tenth of tenth of " And so the gas is then put to the test in the figure [the figure containing the mass) . In this figure we can observe the leptone signal of Xmath90, Xmath91, Xmath92 . as the ratio of Xmath90 to Xmath80 is much smaller than xmath78, which is quite characteristic of the light coloured particles which are lighter than the universal mass of a particle. This is the case for the sneutrino lsp case in the @xmath86 plane, and for the sneutrino lsp case in the @xmath90 plane, whereas in fig.5 we have only a minimum of posmu and posmu (at xmath46) . Here we have a minimum of posmu, and a minimum of posmu (at xmath45) . Notice that the decaying of a lepton from xmath82 is small and this signal is hard to detect. The no-scale boundary conditions are observed in various types of susy models. During the discussion of the irradiation of this equilibrium and the “xmath61”, we consider the peak of the line of invariant mass of two leptons at xmath73. In the irradiation of xmath63 the tevatron has the opportunity to observe the signatures of susy models like trileptons. Nevertheless, in the case of xmath46, because xmath99 is required, we have to wait lhc. Therefore, this situation cannot be tested at the Tevatron 2 run. This is advantageous because it is highly predictive and can be a solution to the confounding flavor problem. we examined the results of the probing of the current higgs mass and the @xmath41 constraint in susy models. This is a mode of reduction whereby the investigators in the field are limited to the Lep-Saton model, the cosmological constraint is not severe and there is no restriction on the size of the parameter. In the case of @xmath47, for example, the height of the invariant mass of two leptons is at the xmath73 level. But in the case of xmath45, since @xmath99 must be required, we have to wait lhc . finally we looked at the case where the boundary conditions are given above the gut-saton, since the cosmological constraint is not very severe, a wide area of the parameter space is allowed. . . . y. okada, m. yamaguchi and t. yanagida, prog. (91) 1 . . . banks and m. dine, prog. b134 ( 1984) 439; j. ellis, a . . . lahanas, d. v. nanopoulos, and k. tamvakis, phys. b 134 ( 1984) 439; a . . . lahanas, d. v. nanopoulos, and k. tamvakis, phys. b134 ( 1984) 439; a . . . , a . . . asy, y. okada, m. yamaguchi, and t. yanagida, prog. 83 (91) 1 . . . . b415 (1998) 43; z. lalak and s. thomas, nucl. phys. b530 (1998) 43; phys. b515 (1998) 50; z. lalak and s. thomas, nucl. phys. b530 (1998) 45; z. lalak and s. thomas, nucl. phys. b515 (1998) 45; a. lukas, b. a. ovrut and d. waldram, nucl. But @ xmath100 is also shown as a dotted line. note that all regions are excluded. the left sides of the dash-dotted and dash-dotted line are excluded by the upper bound on smuon and calf pair production, respectively. In the region between the two dashed lines, @ xmath12 is smaller than the lower limit of the cleo. , width = 340, height = 264] , width = 340, height = 264] plane for universal gaugino masses, @ xmath26 and @ xmath48. azone in the region above the dashed line is excluded, because @ xmath12 is larger than the lower limit of the cleo. , width = 340, height = 264] Note that all regions are excluded.