– Despite the fact that the chamber is very small, the degree of resonant – i.e., that the i.e. is extremely small, and the degree of i.e. is very high, even when the chamber is given small power, even if it is not as large as several mw – but in the case of such small power (as few as a few mw) the i.e. intensity of the chamber is extremely high, even in a case of small-power, even for a single-voltage power of a few mw – in this way the cavity is able to achieve very high-level properties, such as raman scattering, second harmonic generation, and four-wave mixing – and these processes are very efficient for the cavities in wgm cavities, as they are able to generate extremely efficient non-linear processes, such as raman scattering, second harmonic generation and four-wave mixing – whereas in many cases it is advantageous over conventional optical methods, since it consists of a dry-space injected into the test cavity without an influx of non-linear processes. However, there is a lack of data on this subject to the best of our knowledge. This approach is based on the fact that squeezed vacuum fields of vacuum and light can be used in many different ways, as improvement of interferometric and absorption (also known as teleportation), quantum teleportation, quantum cryptography (and a particular focus on xcite ). The instrument is a blowing vacuum, a planed and a swollen ring of wave-shaped particles of material, a shaft of solid tribs, and a length of linear snubbing a beam from the swollen ring of the same diameter as the load. Its transmission and its removal from the ring is as follows: in sec. [31] the principle is formulated; in sec. [32] the theory is formulated, and in sec. [34] the theory of the method is described, and in sec. [34] the method is compared with classical measurements; in sec. [35] the test cavity, as in Sec. 11, is fitted with a fitting, a new ring, an object, a squeezed ring, at a resonance-frequency of xmath9 and mirror reflections of xmath9, in and around Xmath11, the reflected field consists of a cavity coupled with a reflection, xmath18 and a surrounding reflection, xmath19, which is a coupling coefficient of the cavity, and the combined ring is not connected with the cavity, which is caused by the presence of the channel, and which math19 is spatially orthogonal, and math21 A number of intra-cavity losses can be compensated for by @ xmath5. In the frequency domain, as in the frequency domain, it is possible to converge into @ xmath5 the mirror reflection and transmission of the mirror. The mirror reflectivity and transmission of the mirror satisfy the value of @ xmath25, where l - xmath25 is the ratio of the mirrors to the total loss of the mirror. In this respect, the vortex coefficients of @ xmath25 are then given by @ xmath25 where l - xmath25 is the number of lost mirrors in the vessel . . . ) since the carrier is detuned from the vortex resonance frequency, the reflection acquires a second frequency dependent phase shift at the detuned vortex frequency and at the sideband frequencies, respectively given by @ xmath36, where xmath37 and xmath38 are the round trip length and the free spectral range of the vortex, and xmath33 is the speed of light in the vacuum . . . And if you use a straight line in the mirror to draw the reflected field, if you use a resonant lens (like a beam), then you get an amplitude and a phase quadrature from the reflected field. This is what you get in a single line in the reflected field, and if you take the reflected field as a component of a local oscillator (LO), then the measured amplitude and phase quadrature of the reflected field is equal to the measured amplitude and phase quadrature of the field, defined by xmath65 and xmath66 (as a result of Xmath67 and Xmath6 and xmath6 respectively), and when we compare amplitude and phase quadrature variations of the field with the recorded amplitude and phase quadrature, which are defined by xmath65 and xmath66 (as well as for xmath67 and xmath6). Thereupon we shall consider the quadrature variances of the incident field in the following way. In our example the same incident field is reflected in a cavity-containing and in a cavity-containing manner. In this respect, we shall consider a separate reflection in the vicinity of the bare cavities, and the adjacent cavities are reflected in a different manner, and so the detection efficiency is the product of the maturity of the light from the LEDs, and the maturity of the illumination from the calorifice . . . in the formation of the cavities, and thus the formation of a cavity. Where math72 and math73 represent the fractions of the combined effect of the corporeality of the photodiodes, and the proportion of the collision of the two modes. Hence, math80 . . . . Note that if the input field is in a vacuum or coherent state, such as @xmath81, then @xmath82 as expected, and that there is no cavity information in it. The knocking process may be implemented with vacuum but it may be imitated only when the truck is absorbed into the cavity and the upper or lower sideband is reflected. Thus the number of coherent photons is reduced to zero (= xmath95), so that the frequency becomes zero (= xmath95). The measured pulses are impossible to measure if all the pulses are reflected. Thus, we need to define the line width of the test cavity, the quality of the instrument @ xmath0 and the sensitivity @ xmath84, as @ xmath85  non-umber    & frac The amplitude and phase quadratures of the field are now found to be @ xmath110 in the absence of coherent light. The upper sideband is fully reflected at the input mirror, so that @ xmath102 and @ xmath107 are reflected at xmath108, respectively, which gives @ xmath110 from eq. Thirty-two db. Compared with e and c, we see that squeezing improves the signal contrast, but the classical noise and the anti-squeezing quadrature behave almost the same way [cf. d and f] similar, and this is instructive to compare this technique with the classical . . . for the sake of simplicity, and assuming that the quadrature in both quadratures is frequency independent, we consider the case in which the lower sideband is fully transmitted through an impedance matched cavity, and the upper sideband is fully reflected at the input mirror, so that @ xmath110 and @ xmath110 at xmath110, respectively, that is, @ xmath110, and at xmath110 the signals are both at xmath110 and @ xmath110 , and thus the amplitude and phase quadrature of the reflected field are @ xmath110 in the absence of coherent light, the signal contrast is defined as the quadrature variance at detuning frequency, @ xmath22, compared to the quadrature variance at detuning frequency, @ xmath111, in which case @ xmath110 and @ xmath105, respectively, The measured path width is defined by the sloping servo and the sloping servo, while the spaced bandwidth is defined by the sloping servo and the sloping servo, while the field length is defined by the sloping servo and the sloping servo, and the straightness of the comb is determined by the sloping servo and the sloping servo. . . . the standard deviation of the sloping bandwidth is given by @ xcite @ xmath123 mhz and dc 12 mhz, respectively. The typical parametric metering device is composed of an optical parametric oscillator and a second harmonic meter (Sem) that pumps the oscillator. . . . In this case the measurements are fundamentally limited by shot noise: the number of measured photons (n) is uncertainty proportional to @ xmath123 . Thus the signal to noise ratio increases as the number of the photons are transmitted. The servo-locking apparatus is formed of an optical parametric oscillator (opo) and a second harmonic generator (sem) that pumps the opo. This experiment is schematically shown in fig. [14] The cavity length is locked to the laser frequency by the pdh-locking apparatus and the pzt-locking apparatus (pzt1) . . . the homodyne angle is locked by the noise-locking apparatus and pzt-locking apparatus . . . The resemblance The result is a squeezed vacuum field, with a squeezing bandwidth of 66. 2 mhz, as defined by the linewidth of the opo cavity. This subcarrier field is frequency-shifted by an acousto-optical modulator (aom) to a frequency coincident with the cavity tem @ xmath127 mode, so that the carrier frequency is detuned from tem @ xmath127 mode by 220 mhz from the carrier frequency, by the pdh locking technique. This frequency-shift is necessary to assure that no cavity transmitted light at the fundamental frequency is injected into the opo cavity, since it acts as a seed and degrades the optically isolation of the faraday isolator teem @ xcite. Thus the cavity is locked to tem @ xmath127 mode and shifted by 220 mhz from the carrier frequency, by using the pdh locking technique. ” I think we have put in the observation that the linewidth of the cavity is given by eq. , and the fittings are given by eq. , we ignore eq. 132 because the mode-matching efficiency is @ xmath138, and hence @ xmath139, which is @ xmath140 , which gives us @ xmath140 , the sum of the eq. and the quantum efficiency are separately measured. This proves that the accuracy of the collision of the cavity does not change the fsr. we have proposed and tested a non-invasive method for measuring the cavity parameters by the squeezed vacuum field , this method has the advantage over traditional optical methods in that the penetration of a squeezed vacuum field as a probe of cavity parameters is without any distortion, so that the linewidth of the cavity is equal to @ xmath145 khz, which agrees with the classically measured linewidth of the cavity in uncertainty (@ xmath2 khz). The equations and the results are shown in fig. [ linewidth] , the measure is @ xmath136 , the measure is :  , , , . We have also shown that the use of extended fields gives a better contrast in the results, as expected. We thank our colleagues at the ligo laboratory, especially thomas corbitt and christopher wipf, and stanwhitcomb for his valuable comments on the manuscript. We would like to thank the colleagues at the ligo laboratory, especially thomas corbitt and christopher wipf, and stanwhitcomb for his valuable comments on the manuscript.