Thus, we think that the computational study is often performed on the stable, stable bulk surface. The study is focused on the cu atomic layer, that is, the triangular lattice of cu. This is an important area of interest for the development of new catalytic materials effective in the no-x-math0 reduction process. As a result, we consider ultra-thin Cu layers. In this study, we focus on the cu layers atomically, that is, the triangular lattice of cu. On this thin structure we placed an alkylated molecule and a simulation of the adsorption of no. We found that this adsorption was quite possible but energetically incompatible with the adsorption of molecular adsorption. We have discussed in detail the non-dispersipative properties of cusp, which are of an inelastic nature and not the control of the diffusion reactivity of solids and on metals in this way. We have looked at the absorption of no by the mass of cu and the weak reaction at the lattice. In this study we focus on the surface of a cu atom layer, that is, the triangular lattice of cu. and taken advantage of the computational properties of dft and density functional theory to find a stable cu layer (ci-tl) in which no was found, but the energy of dissociation favored by the molecular adsorption. Our experiments have been conducted on many scales, in addition to the crystals of cu crystals, and there is another clue in them. We take advantage of some of the electronic calculations, based on the density functional theory (dft), to The brillouin zone was assumed to be at a value of xmath1 of eight xmaths and xmaths in the large super cell. The whole study was performed in the simulation package, Quantitative Algorithms. A variant of the exchange-relation energy function was adopted, according to the theory of generalized gradient , and a subtraction for the energy of the electron charge density was applied to the real space mesh and the fourier mesh. The infinity curve for the expansion of waves was given by the average X-maths and the electron charge density by the Fourier mesh. a subtraction coefficient was adopted for the follicular bubble, and for the charge density of the vacuum layer 240 . . . This computation was done with the software package, the Quantum Espresso. For the calculation of the constant the assumption was that the simulation ended when the absolute value of the total force vector decreased by more than 1 - xmath210 - xmath3 [4i] / u . . . . . [I, IV] : – This work is described in the section, under the title cn. If we were to make an atomic structure with an atl, a fully-formed one, we should first build it in a simulated cell. However, the structure of the atl could not be built against the global reconstruction which had taken place when a no-molecule had been put on it. We considered the structure as an atomic two-layer structure. The structure was cut out of a bulk of fcc cu and placed in a simulated supercell, in which the density of the atoms was governed by the atomic structure of the substrate, and the relative distance between the atoms was not determined independently of the substrate. The most remarkable example of the creation of an atomic layer of pb on the surface of the si (111) was revealed . It means that by constructing the atls as the first structure we found the building of an annealing annealing. However, when we have observed local stability of an atomic structure in simulation, however, we need to demonstrate it in real experiments. Indeed, we have found a structure with strongly reacted anion starting from an anion embedded in the atls. and besides, we have found a highly reacted structure, which is based on the atls adsorbed. This structure was obtained by cutting the pcc cu crystal in bulk and placing it in a simulation supercell. The structure was perpendicular to the direction of the bulk cu, and thus contained in an orthorhombic unit cell. ... But since we don't adsorb, it's important to have a local structure in cu ... oh! the density of states in the 4s band is close to zero. ... and the density of states in the 3d bands is much higher than the 5th, due to the less distant adsorption. so if the density of states in the 4s band is about 10 ev per cell, the value is 4 to 6; but the highest point of the 3d bands is - 4 ev, but the 3d bands are also below the fermi. and by comparison with the surface of cu 111 (for instance, with the scale of the cu surface, this can be estimated, in particular, atomic size of cu, atomic structure, for example, by making comparisons with the surface of cu 111. We can see that the density of states in the 4s band is almost zero ev. to the cu 111 surface. - In the low energy region, we can see that the 4s band begins from - 6 ev and spreads above the fermi energy. The angle of dos in the 3d bands is almost 0 ev, owing to the two-dimensional nature of the material. The density of states in the 4s band is not much higher than for the bulk copper. The high density of dos of cu - tl on the 5th line is almost about - 4, and the 3d band is shaped like a two-dimensional cu - tl. The topmost dos is described as '" ev" . By means of a series of simulations we identified the general general rules for molecular adsorption. In the next section we will discuss the occurrence of strong reactions between no and cu., adsorption of no on cu-tl and an atomic step-like structure (ass) which was created on the cu-tl atomic layer. Observing the results of no-adsorption on cu-tl and of no-adsorption on cu-tl, we have obtained a stable and stable super cell structure on cu-tl with ass. The second structure was discovered in a method of optimization of no-adsorption on cu-tl. observing results of no-adsorption on cu-tl and ass, we have identified in the super cell a stable supercell as cu-tl and ass in our calculations. in the next section we shall discuss the stronger reactions between no and cu-tl. Nevertheless, if a bridge or a hollow are stable for no on cu-tl, then the chemical reactivity will be different on the cu-tl surface. So, in the next section, we shall discuss the strong reactions between no and cu-tl. Then, from an initial structure of no molecule a little removed from a substrate, cu-tl, ass, or atls, each structure was evaluated in a manner suitable to the molecules, and the second structure was obtained by solving for the weakening properties of no on cu-tl. M: In adsorption of a molecule on a surface of a cu-tl, a hollow site (0.83 ev) is selected. See the right figure . . . ; adsorption of a molecule on a step-like structure, a bridge site (0. 66 ev) is selected . . . now the two dissociation structures are discussed. We have two typical adsorption structures on cu-tl and on ass . in the first structure, the nitrogen atom is found at the centre of five surrounding cu atoms. (see the right figure . . . ) this structure may be called a nitrogen-like structure. We have two typical adsorption structures on cu-tl and on ass . . . the first structure is called a no-no, if the nitrogen atom is anchored in the middle of five surrounding cu atoms. . . . now the dissociative adsorption has been compared. molecular adsorption on cu-tl: in adsorption of a no-no on an atomic step structure, a bridge site (- 1 . 32 ev) is selected. , on the cu-surface, on the clean Cu-surface, no favours the adsorption of the organic molecules (with the adsorption energy of – 1 . 22 ev in ref. xcite) in contrast to no, where the adsorption energy is estimated to be - 0 . 79 ev in ref. xcite. This general tendency is natural in comparison with the other examples that are known in the literature. Our model, however, can be reoriented rather easily by the movement of the Cu-atoms during the reconstruction process. Thus, in our model, the position of cu-atoms can be repositioned somewhat easily, because the atomic structure of cu is only a single layer . . . on the clean Cu-111 surface, no favours molecular adsorption (which is estimated to be 1 . 22 ev in ref. @ xcite) in comparison with no (which is indicated by the co-locust interface at the back of the cu- structure), in this structure the oxygen atom is at the bridge and keeps two-fold coordination, while the nitrogen atom has four-fold coordination. The qualitative difference between the obtained values of absorption and ours should be attributed to the movement of cu-atoms in the reconstruction process. The only way to make it worse was to adapt the atomic layer to the environment. So the thermoelectric layer could be reshaped and processed into a dissociated, superlative and dimensionally reshaped – a good a solution to the aforementioned dilemma – the electron atom and the oxygen atom were tied together and were able to dissociate to the surface of the cu-  111 atom. To calculate the dissociation energy for no reduction in cu- tl, we estimated the local structure and energy of the transition state. The initial state was the anion atom adsorbed on cu– tl with the nitrogen atom binding to the cu- surface. In the transition state the oxygen atom was bound to the surrounding cu atoms, reducing the total energy. However, the computation of our analysis revealed that there was a co-adsorption structure between n and o atoms which was energy stable by one - xmath24 more stable than the molecular adsorbed cu– structure. and the height of the transition potential barrier is estimated at xmath24 . we then analyzed the formation of this distorted structure in the transition state, and produced drastic changes in cu–tl. In the first state, the no molecule adsorbed on cu–tl with the nitrogen atom bonded to the cu surface. In the second state, the oxygen atom had local bond connections with surrounding cu atoms to reduce the total energy. We employed the atomic functions of iss-P, the atomic layers, the atomic clusters, and the atomic network. The calculation was partly carried out at the computer facilities of iss-P, univ, of tokyo, and ri-t, kyushu university. Our study revealed that there existed a dissociative adsorbed structure, in which a nitrogen-insoluble site was embedded in the cu-structure. _17 _17 ev on ass-P, a total energy was _0, _tso,_010 ev on ass-P, a certain-to-lead-indentation-system[2][3], a type of structure of which, atomic layers, and clusters, allow conformational change. Hence, in order to achieve cu-based “node[8][9] reduction of no, it is necessary to create atomic structures of cu, atomic layers, atomic clusters, and atomic networks, which allow conformational change. _an_-sh. , black w , gijzeman o l , geus w - 1988 _ appl. —p. 136. c. a. gojdo xmath24 m, hafner j, eichler a 2006 c. e Phys. a. 97 - 3681 cl c c c c c d , king d a, 2003 cl cl cl cl cl cl cl cl cl cl cl cl d f cl cl cl cl clne et t et tl cl t x phl h g, eichler a, grecea m l , kleyn a w, bonn m 2004 t cl cl cl cl j a 2004 t clr clr clr clr clr clr clr clr clr - clr clr clr v clr clr clr clr clr clr clr clr clr clr clr clr d rempel j g g, eichler a, grecea m l, kleyn a w and bonn m 2004 - clr e. clr v h clrr v r. t. d' Novoselov k and Geim a k 2005 - physics - 20810 - 20811 perdew k, burke k and ernzerhof m 1996 - phys . p - 7710 - 3865 perdew k, burke k and ernzerhof m 1997 - phys . b - 20510 - 20810 - 20611 scandolo s, sclauzero g, seitsonen a, smogunov a, umari p, and wentzcovich r m 2010 - phys . a - Phys. - b - 20810 -lu t, cheng p, li w-j, sun, y-j, wang g, wang y, wang k, ma x, chen y, wang y, liu y, liu y, liu y, lin h-q, jia j , jia j f, xue q-k and xue q-k 2010 - physics ...