It has been shown in the natural sciences that a class of diffeomorphisms in a two-dimensional manifold has infinitely many periodic orbits (sinks), a result which was later extended to higher dimensions. However, a sufficient amount of dissipation is necessary for a conservative system to become a 'sink'. To this the stability of the phenomenon is examined under small random perturbations. There is ample evidence for this in the natural sciences, with examples from neuroscience and neural dynamics, and from neuroscience and neurodynamics, and from neuroscience and neural dynamics, as well as from neurology and neurodynamics, , optics, chemistry, chemistry, condensed matter , geophysics ... The second dynamical mechanism of a 'sink' is the addition of little perturbations to conservative systems. conservative systems have a large number of coexisting invariant sets, namely periodic orbits, invariant tori, and cantori. Adding a little perturbation to a conservative system, some of the invariant sets become perturbations. However, as the amount of perturbation is sufficiently small, many perturbations (mainly periodic orbits) have been observed in typical systems. You should compare this, for instance, with the concrete models for the Newhouse phenomenon. The emphasis on quadratic maps near the feigenbaum accumulation point has a underlying idea to do with the idea of controlling chaos. The occurrence of a large number of stable periodic orbits for two quadratic maps, for instance, is a simple model in which multistability is very well understood, in the sense that not only the nature of the phenomena is fully understood, but one can also compute the range of parameters which give the desired number of stable periodic orbits. Thus, by coupling, as we will show, an arbitrarily large number of orbits may become stable. We will compare this phenomenon with concrete models of the newhouse phenomenon. These results of the multistability phenomenon at xmath0, and their correctness, for example, are greatly extended and also correct some inaccurate statements in xmath0 . The presence of a large number of stable periodic orbits for two quadratic maps, and the phenomenology of two quadratic maps, especially the bifurcations of periodic orbits and the regime of synchronization . These orbits are then stabilized by several methods. . . . if @ xmath7 , then @ xmath7 , then @ xmath7 , the map @ xmath9 maps into itself the 'sequence of' xmath1 . . . because @ xmath30 is equivalent to @ xmath30, so the 'sequence of' - is a subset of - 1 and 1 , so the dynamics are well defined . in this case the orbit is synchronized (from @ xmath25 on) . For the sake of simplicity, we often use the variables Xmath16 and Xmath17. The previous notation of orbits also applies to these variables, where the relation  def becomes  xmath18 where  xmath19. Hence the convex combination of ( ) and the symmetry in  xmath19 is , where  xmath19. So the convex combination in  def ensures that  2  2)  subset [1]  1  2  2   2 , and the dynamics are well defined. I mean, this is the well-known trifle trifle triangle of xmath9, which creates a synchronized trifle orbit of xmath9 . to find the conditions of the corresponding bifurcation theorem (see e.g. xcite) , we can now see that the periodic orbits of the time of xmath9 are non-synchronized. Thus, we can see that the derivative of xmath43 is negative for any of the xmath49, that is, xmath44. for any of the parameters, the jacobian of xmath39 is diagonal . in xmath38-variables, the jacobian of xmath39 is diagonal. In this condition, one eigenvalue is @xmath40, and the corresponding direction is @xmath42, and the corresponding direction, orthogonal to the diagonal, is called the anti-lateral. Hence the condition of xmath44 and xmath47, i.e. @xmath48, determines a second co-dimension 1 period doubling bifurcation of the synchronized fixed point. “As long as there is continuity in the parameters of @xmath2, it is stable against perturbations in one direction (the anti-vertical direction at the bifurcation) and since @xmath59 it is unstable in the other direction. Then, by increasing the value of @xmath46, the symmetric orbit suffers an inverse pitchfork bifurcation at @xmath75. The equilibrium of this bifurcation will be considered later. ] We have the equation for the multipliers of @xmath63  lambda +  left (from 1 – 2  varepsilon  right)   2  (s s   2  d   2 )  2  = 0 ] . By such continuity in the parameters of @xmath2, sufficiently close to the equilibrium, this symmetric orbit is stable with respect to perturbations in one direction (the anti- diagonal direction at the equilibrium), and since @xmath59, it is unstable in the direction 2 . In this work the system is also defined by - def - (an increase in the ratio of the period doubling cascade) - the symmetric orbit is stable in the interval between @ xmath79 and @ xmath91. - Note that in two dimensions the symmetric orbit is destabilized, and its normal form has already been described in - xcite. - in the figure, from @ xmath79 (the circle) to @ xmath91 (the point labelled 1) the symmetric orbit is stable. At point 2 the pitchfork occurs, the symmetric orbit becomes unstable and non-symmetric orbits are formed. Figure 2 shows the invariant circle for @ xmath92. - Note that, in this work as in the following, the map is @ xmath89 (the accumulating point of the period-doubling cascade) , the symmetric orbit is stable. the numerical calculation shows that it is destroyed when @ xmath46 is too large or when @ xmath85 is too small . - if @ xmath44 and the curve @ xmath86 is crossed upward, this orbit suffers a bifurcation, creating a local stable invariant circle. - at the point 3 , the symmetric orbit is unstable. ‘Perhaps the points @ xmath97 are the components of the synchronized period, @ xmath94 orbit. This is confirmed analytically by the state of instability of the synchronized period, @ xmath103 orbit. In other words, the synchronized period, @ xmath94 orbit exists only if the synchronized period, @ xmath94 orbit exists. This is the case with the period @ xmath99, in which every jacobian of @ xmath98 is diagonal, and the corresponding multiplier on the anti- diagonal is @ xmath99, so that if @ xmath44 it is a co-dimension 1 period-doubling bifurcation. In figure 3, we have calculated the results of the calculations at xmath0 and conclude that the phase opposition period—@ xmath98 orbit exists only if the phase opposition period—@ xmath98 orbit does not exist. Figure 3 also shows that a numerical calculation at xmath0 shows that the succession of bifurcations of a phase opposition orbit does not depend on the period. We now examine the existence and stability of other period-accursed orbits for accursed periods. These orbits are followed numerically when accursed periods are increased, and we refer to their phase shifts at accursed periods. At accursed periods, for instance, the coordinates of the components of the accursed orbit are 0 and those of the accursed orbit are -1. This accursed orbit is the result of the series of gravity factors which are reflected in the scaling laws for the periods and values of accursed periods (see Figure 3 and 8), which are based on the accursed periods and values of accursed periods. The number of these orbits is called the dyadic distance, and the numbers describe the order in which the components are visited and the tree-structure indicates the origin of each component in the process of accursed formation. For instance, the coordinates of a synchronized orbit are at the distance 0 and of the opposition orbit at the distance 1 . this dyadic distance is also used to describe the families of periodic orbits we are considering. For example, the coordinates of each component of a synchronized orbit are at the distance 0 and the ones of a phase opposition orbit are at the distance 1 . Thus, in this picture the numbers represent the order in which the components are visited, and the tree structure represents the origin of each component in the synchronization cascade. For @xmath79, the only symmetric orbits are those at distances 0 and 1 . . . there are two mechanisms for this stabilization . . . the higher the value of xmath35, the shorter the period of the eigenvalues that cross @xmath100, and then the orbit is stable. When xmath35 increases, it suffers two collisions with orbits of twice the period of the eigenvalues, when they cross @xmath100 and become stable. if xmath35 increases, it meets with an unstable orbit at the same period in a saddle-node bifurcation, when the larger eigenvalue reaches 1 . for greater distances, the variation of the eigenvalues is like the case of the case of the case of xmath129. figure 7 shows a typical example of these phenomena for the case of xmath129 . . . The unstable orbit that it crosses is the one at the interval between xmath94 and xmath148 . . . (the doubling of eigenvalues in the interval are called phase-doublings) if the interval reaches xmath35, then the orbit vanishes at the point 2 when it collides with a distant one of the same period. “Poor xmath134 is merely the square of the multiplier of xmath9 for the periodic orbit. The contraction of the coupling changes the positions of the orbit components so that this factor also decreases. In this respect the result is seen in Figure 8, which shows the destabilizing and destabilizing lines for the orbits of the one to four axis. The fact that xmath136, which is equidistant from xmath139, is maintained in the one-dimensional map, is because each time the period doubles, the increment in the number of factors greater than one is compensated for by the fact that the component nearest to zero approaches the one with half the period. Thus the difference in xmath139 is also diminished. This effect is more noticeable in Figure 8, which shows the decreasing and enhancing lines of the orbits for the distance from 1 to 4 . The more dyadic the distance between the orbits along the axis, the greater the perturbation that the original (one-dimensional) orbits experience. The constant condition of xmath137 in the one-dimensional map is therefore, in this case, simply geometrical. The smaller the dyadic distance between the orbits of a given orbit, the greater the perturbation that the original (one-dimensional) orbits are. The greater the dyadic distance between orbits, the more disturbances that the original (one-dimensional) orbits suffer. ‘Xmath 148’ (stiffness of the orbital time) is equal to the power of xmath117 (one would be able to find the value of the largest value of the size of the dyadic distance of xmath118) . . . Note that in Figure 9 there are more than one data point for each pair of xmath143, which correspond to orbits that are not parallel to one another with the same dyadic distance . . . . . . In the case of the fixed xmath35 there is an arbitrarily large number, not an infinite number . . . In this way the resulting calculation is based on the implicit function theorem as used in xcite. Hence the use of a reason based on the implicit function theorem, as used in xcite, is ill-suited to the case. Note that in Figure 9 there are more than one data point for each pair of xmath143, which corresponds to non-equivalent orbits with the same dyadic distance. But for a sufficiently small xmath137 orbit, that is, when it becomes a cycle, that it is no longer a cycle.