In general, in this field of study, laser beams are extremely important for many applications, such as remote sensing, tracking, and long-distance optical communications. However, fully coherent laser beams are a sensitive product of the refractory index, so that they acquire some properties of gaussian statistics in the course of their propagation through the turbulence. So the noise / signal ratio reaches unity with long-distance propagation (see, for example, refs. xcite - xcite) , and in this case, for example, refs. xcite - xcite, - xcite) and that the reduced noise / signal ratio can be easily satisfied by selecting a detector with very long integration time (see, for example, refs. xcite , xcite , and ref. xcite) . the resolution of the compass, as a result of the turbulent propagation, acquires certain statistical properties of gaussian statistics, and the initial transverse coherence length reaches unity in the long-distance propagation (see, for example, refs. xcite , xcite ) and it is clear that the inequality xmath6 can be easily satisfied by choosing a detector with a very long integration time . The factors listed above impose serious restrictions on the physical characteristics of phase diffusers, which could potentially be useful in reducing the intensity of these oscillations. Therefore, it is possible to ensure the performance of communication systems. In what follows, we will systematically analyze the dependence of scintillation index on @xmath9 without any restrictions on the value of this ratio. The scintillation index determining the square fluctuation of intensity is defined by the symbol @xmath14  frac   big   bar i  big    big   bar i  big “Most notably, it can be computed, in arbitrary turbulence of strength and distance , for large but finite values of xmath28. That is, for terms with (i) @xmath29 or (ii) @xmath30, the contribution of xmath31 to the right part of eq. f. v. by using qualitative reasoning, the amount of the measured square root of eq. f. f. is the average square root of the system . . . so that, in the event of an infinitely long wave, xmath28 only diagonal terms exist, i.e. terms with (i) @xmath29 or (ii) @xmath30, in which they contribute to the right part of eq. . as explained in ref. f. hi that the characteristic sizes of the two waves (i) and ii are determined by the aforementioned radii, xcite, which enter the right hand side of eq. 4 . . . . as we are now inclined to assume, in this case, that photons propagate in a turbulent atmosphere are independent of time . . . in that case the hamiltonian of photons in a turbulent atmosphere is independent of time. . . . the quantity xmath43 entered the right hand-hand side corresponds to the two areas of four-wave correlations . . . , i.e., the quantity xmath47 becomes an equation . . . we take xmath49 as a term, and we take xmath49 to be the hamiltonian of photons in a turbulent atmosphere . . . What is called the "character" of the t-squares of eq. "'12" can be obtained from eq. "12" by putting @xmath69 in eq. " eq. " 12" with the initial conditions of eq. " 12"; "7" and "8" are solutions of eqs. . . . The operation of xmath79 describes the skew in the field of light, which is assumed to be a single-mode field; the subscript (@xmath78) means that perpendicular to the "8" axis of the beam. . . . . , if the debating device is affected, a factor of xmath83 or xmath82 must be introduced in the integrand of eq. . . . Then . . . . In the case of the emitting laser, (see ref. xcite) by the relation of xmath76, where xmath77 is the operator of the laser field, which is a single-mode field, and the subscript (@ xmath78) means perpendicular to the xmath28-axis component. For example, the lines of a cone correspond to different times at xmath18 and xmath89. . . . it is clear that, in the case of xmath87, as shown schematically in Fig. 1, the equivalence factor (E-16) is sizable if only points @ xmath19 and @ xmath88 are close to one another. For Xmath95, two different sets of coordinates contribute greatly to the formation of phase correlations. As we have seen, the effect of phase fluctuations can be described by the Schell model at xcite – , we can make a simple expression for the third term  (see ref. xcite) , and, since the latter is not a flat string of individual elements, and its size is large, it can be pictured by a rotating transparent disk, with variable thickness. Here, the only one of the system is explained by two parameters, math93 and math105, which indicate the spatial and temporal coherence of the laser beam. In the limiting case math106, the second term math98 vanishes and the problem is reduced to the case presented in refs. math107, the difference in math98 is expressed as math99. [14] Taking the random functions math100 and math101 as independent gaussian variables, we derive a simple expression for math102 . In the limiting case math106, the second term in math107 vanishes and the problem is reduced to refs. [16] - a minimum distance of propagation in the absence of the blot. - a thickness of the air bubble – a thickness of two meters – is called the modulus of the atmospheric turbulence – [128] – the modulus of the modulus – is an element of the criterion of blots – (one of which), a thickness of two metres, a thickness of two metres. – a thickness of two metres, the modulus of which is a thick ring, a thickness of four meters (2.5 ms) in the case of a modulus of eight meters (semi-line) – and in the case of an impulsive blot, a thickness of eight metres. This specification is defined by the following relation, a thickness of four metres – an increment of five metres in the thickness of a square metre. Here we can see the rapid development of the modulus in a spiral by the modulus of eight metres, and the reduction in modulus at the foot of the curve in a circular axis. The modulus of eight metres, a slender curve – is defined by the following relations: a thickness of four metres – an increment of four metres – in the absence of the modulus of eight metres. As we shall see later, the scheme for calculating xmath123 is similar to that outlined in xcite. In our case, we consider the first one of these to be the simplest. The proportion of distances of propagation obtained by the modulus of eight metres – ‘ It follows from our analysis that the coefficient, @ xmath131, is very simple to form in the two limits: i) @ xmath132, when xmath133; and ii @ xmath134, when xmath109. - [xcite - ]. then, in case i, and for a small value of the initial coherence [xmath131] is given by xmath137, the right-hand side of eq. [xcite] by the value @ xmath138 which is much less than unity but which is comparable or even greater than @ xmath138 . (see for example the study of the xcite ) - it is quite obvious from our analysis that the index of scintillation is very sensitive to the coefficient of the diffuser, xmath0 and xmath131, but it is known that the index of scintillation approaches unity for all sources, provided the response time of the instrument is short compared with the source coherence. The solid curve is calculated for xmath118 (without diffuser) , other curves are for xmath141 ... Nostalgia and equivalence calculations with eq. [11] with @ xmath69 (see ref. xcite) lead to the following explicit form: @ xmath146 where @ xmath147 and @ xmath148 are the internal radius of the waves, which in our previous calculations were assumed to be equal to @ xmath148 m. as we see, the third term does not depend on the diffuser, and dominates when @ xmath146 is in a condition , [12] which is indicated by the distribution function: @ xmath146  2 =  frac 2  r  1  2q 0  4r  2  2  (r     2  + 3tq  0  2z)  2 The results of this research were carried out under the auspices of the national nuclear security administration of the U.S. Department of Energy, under contract no. - 091a215 - 091a295 - this work was conducted under the auspices of the national nuclear security administration, under contract no. - ac52 - 06na25396 . as a result, our system proved very useful in several physical regimes. the temperature of the phase ranges is independent of the temperature of the air. Further, these amounts become independent of the temperature range at long distances because the light scatters on the atmospheric inhomogeneities . . . . also, our formalism may be extended to the physical situation in which a spatially random phase distribution drifts across the beam . . . ) the plots in figs. 3 and 4 show that the finite-time effect is a very large one even for very slow detectors (at xmath157).