The phenomena involving multiscales are many, e.g., turbulence, finance, geosciences, etc., to name but a few. In many multiscaled systems, the self-similarity is broken, in which the notion of multiscaling or multifractal is relevant , as well as that of scaling and discontinuity. Note, for the self-similarity process, e.g., fractional brownian motion (fbm), the measured @xmath0 is linear with @xmath12, while for multi-fractal processes, e.g., turbulence, it is usually convex with @xmath12 . Xcite was able to analyze experimentally the non-universal large-scale structure, with eulerian and lagrangian sfs. The results showed that the influence of the large-scale structure could be as large as two decades down to the smallest scale. . . . For instance, praskvosky et al., showed very strong correlations between large-scale structures and the small-scale structures at all distances. . . . p. . the scaling exponent, the corresponding exponent of the scale, is thus biased when the large-scale structure is present. . . . . . the equivalent scale exponent is therefore biased when the large-scale structure is present . . . , praskvosky et al. , , found significant correlations between large-scale structures and the small-scale structures at all lengths. . . . praskvosky et al., showed in an analytical way that the influence of the large-scale structure could be as large as two decades from the small scales . . . , they tested the large-scale structure velocity in various turbulent flows. They concluded that the conditioned sfs is strongly dependent on the large-scale structure at all scales. Later, blum et al. investigated the conditioned sfs for various turbulent flows systematically. They confirmed that the conditioned sfs in various turbulent flows depends strongly on the large-scale structure at all scales. This procedure is called dsf-detrending (da). The dsf method is called detrending-distribution (da) , which omits a first-order polynomial, in a window of size xmath2 before calculating the augmented velocity. The immittency of the da is still preserved . And it turns out that the two Sq .Fs of dsfs give comparable scaling exponents @ xmath0 and singularity exponents @ xmath4 as the original dsfs. Besides, a corresponding proportion of the square root of the square root of the square root is also represented by a fixed height @ xmath21. Thus, the square root of dsfs has been calculated to the size of @ xmath2 . . . The diagonal, numerically square, is computed with the m (xmath) 12th-order dsf. a certain torque of Xmath12 is assumed. The values of the fourier coefficients in dsf are measured. It is this that is why we have come here with a solution to the root of xmath22, a generalized proportional representation, i.e., xmath24, in which xmath24 is the scaling exponent of xmath25 . note that the scaling exponents are directly extracted, without resorting to the extended-self similarity (ess) technique . . . for the large-scale induced of the effect known as infrared, the sfs are biased. . . . The parseval's theorem states the following relation, i.e., xmath26, where xmath27 is an average, xmath25 is the fourier spectrum of xmath22. We consider, however, only for the first-order detrending, i.e., @xmath33 , the linear trend is emitted from a window size of xmath2 , i.e., @xmath33 , to elucidate a detrended signal, i.e., @xmath33 , the kinetic energy of @xmath37 is directly related to the fourier power spectrum of @xmath37, i.e., the fourier power spectrum of @xmath33 , ideally scales larger than @xmath2 are removed or constrained from the original data , i.e., to elucidate a detrended signal, i.e., @xmath34 , to eliminate the linear trend, i.e., @xmath36 , a linear trend is removed or constrained from the original data , i.e., for a python process , i.e., a quadratical dsf then occurs, that is, a quadratical wavenumber in a Fourier band [218] ( resp. the scale range @ xmath46]. This dsf is then defined by the square width of the window—that is, a quadratical dsf defined by a square measure of xmath in which xmath30 represents the quadratical dsf . . . We will see in the next subsection why we define an increment with half the width of the window. a dsf of 18 in which xmath24 represents the physical range xmath22. Again we emphasize that the da acts as a high-pass filter in the physical domain and that the intermittency of xmath22 remains. No further consideration is given to this point. Moreover, for each measure of power, we are expected to expect a general law of scaling, i.e., the function of xmath54 (intense, straight line), first a first-order diffraction analysis, xmath55 (difficulty oblique), and the diffraction function xmath56 (i.e. the horizontal average of the first-order diffraction analysis) . Moreover, if a local average of the local average is to be decomposed for the second-order diffraction, the diffraction diffractions are defined as, i.e., xmath53 in which the scale exponent xmath0 is similar to the one supplied by the original diffractions. The average size of the first scale, @xmath2, is indicated by a vertical line with @xmath39. Note that an integral constant is ignored in the eq. (eq.: weight) . To understand better the advection property of the detrending process and the dsfs, we introduce here a weight function of @xmath58, i.e., @xmath58, in which @xmath25 is the fourier spectrum of @xmath22, and @xmath60 is a second-order moment, that is, @xmath44, @xmath61, or @xmath62, respectively. for the second-order moment, we have the following weight function of @xcite, i.e., @xmath63 . . . note that the integral constant is neglected in the equation . . . thick line) . —reflecting the fourier spectrum, i.e., @ xmath42 with @ xmath64. Thus the contribution from the small scale (or the high wavenumber fourier mode) is decreasing. [fig. 39] -48 Figure 1-47 shows the corresponding xmath58 for sf, detrending analysis, and dsf. According to the definition of eq. — dvi — (as the dsfs combine), the corresponding xmath61 has the corresponding weight function, i.e., xmath65, comparing with the original sfs, the dsfs defined here can elude / limit the sfs. therefore, the contribution from the small-scale ( resp. high-wavenumber fourier mode) is decreasing. I suggest that the variable degrees should be given half the width of the window. This is why the data should be expressed as a proportional increase with half the window width @xmath2. This argument is very true for both a linear and a stationary process. However, the data is always non-linear and non-stationary for certain reasons, see ref. # xcite . the error bar is the standard deviation of the number of realizations. The above argument is valid for linear and stationary processes. However, in the present study we only apply the first order polynomial detrending procedure, which is most efficient for many types of data. The detrending procedure is discussed below. In the inset shows the singularity spectrum of @ xmath70 on the range @ xmath71 . for a fractional brownian motion with @ xmath70 on the range @ xmath71 . . . This method gives the same X-math74 and X-math4 and statistical error . . . we perform 100 realizations with a data length of X-math77. the corresponding spectral singularity is represented by a solid line. The fbm is a gaussian self-similar process, which is characterized by x-math75, namely a hurst number x-math75 . . . the errorbar is the standard deviation from 100 realizations . . . the power-law behaviour is observed in a wide range of scales for x-math78. The theoretical singularity curve is illustrated by a solid line . . . the power-law spectral curve is illustrated by a line . . . But it is in practice that the measured singularity is always in a narrow band. Now we consider a multiplicative discrete cascade of a lognormal statistics with a lognormal statistic . . . we now consider a multifractal random walk with a lognormal statistic . . . figure fbm (fig. 4) shows the measured singularity spectrum . . . for sfs (@ xmath80) and dsfs (@ xmath81) for dsfs (@ xmath81) for xmath78. In the figure, the singularity spectrum . . . is estimated on the range . . . i.e., at xmath90 (@ xmath91) , cells are retrieved . . . In the following example, according to the multifractal random walk principle, Xcite, a nonstationary multifractal time series can be synthesized as , i.e., @ xmath98, where @ xmath98 is the lognormal measure of the square root, i.e., @ xmath99. Then the doubling factor at xmath100 is the immutable element, which characterizes the lognormal multifractal cascade @ xcite ... There are 100 realizations of this type. An intermittent parameter xmath17 is chosen for each of the xmath103 levels and for a data length xmath104 - xmath104 - a total of 100 realizations are performed. (fig. - wfbm) shows the corresponding measured singularity spectra xmath4 in which the theoretical value is represented by a solid line. The statistics for both estimators are again found to be the same. We would like to make a few comments on the performance of these two estimators . Synthetic multifractal time series are generated according to eq. - (Eq. - multitime) . the two recursions are then taken as the standard deviation from these recursions. for the synthesis, they have the same performance since there is no intrinsic structure in the synthesized data. But for the real data, as we have already mentioned, they possess non-stationary and nonlinear structures @ xcite . thus, as shown in the following illustration, they might have different performances . The horizontal solid line indicates the Kolmogorov four-fifth law. . . . Note that the Xmath110 is the height of the xmath112 , xmath112 , xmath113 , xmath21 , in which the statistical error is the standard deviation of the xmath111 . . . the horizontal solid line indicates the four-fifth law . . . a plateau for xmath108 indicates the inertial range on the range @ xmath110 , corresponding to a wavenumber range @ xmath8 . . . . . the horizontal solid line indicates the Kolmogorov four-fifth law . . . “You’re reading a velocity database from a high reynolds number wind tunnel at johns-hopkins university. It’s the reynolds number of xmath18. This tool employs four x-type anemometers, and at a swathwise direction @ xmath119, xmath119 is the size of the active grid. The error is 95 % fitting confidence in the inertial range. We have an x-type anemometry method of measuring the speed in which the measuring-wires are inserted in the middle of the wind tunnel and measuring the turbulent speed in parallel for a period of thirty seconds. . . . To find out the inertial range in real space, we plotted the compensated dissenting moments in fig. 3. Fig. 3. For sfs (@ xmath126 with (@ xmath80) and without (@ xmath81) absolute value), dsfs (@ xmath105 with (@ xmath105) absolute value), dsfs (@ xmath105 with (@ xmath106) and without (@ xmath107) absolute value) . note that we have converted our results into spatial space by applying the Taylor’s frozen hypothesis . , the corresponding height and scaling exponent is @ xmath21 with absolute value ( resp. @ xmath113 without absolute value) and @ xmath127 ( resp. @ xmath128) , respectively. Note that the kolmogorov four-fifth law, by implication, signifies a linear relationship at xmath129. The statistical error is the standard deviation obtained from the range @ xmath7 . Then, for comparison, we also see the 3rd-order sfs . . . note that the kolmogorov four-fifth law is linear in the case of @ xmath130. A simplified dsfs curve recovers the lognormal curve not only on the left side ( resp. @ xmath133), but on the right side - resp. @ xmath134 - as well. The dsfs curve fully recovers the lognormal curve on the left side ( resp. @ xmath134) and ... figure - singularity - shows the measured singularity spectra on xmath4 for xmath78, in which the error bar is a standard deviation from 120 realizations. - The figure of the singularity spectra on xmath4 for xmath78 is shown as a solid line ... for comparison, the lognormal model on xmath133 with an intermittent parameter on xmath9 is shown as a solid line ... figure - singularity - shows the measured singularity spectra on xmath4 for xmath78, where the error bar is a standard deviation from 120 realizations. . . . and also on the right side (so-called singularity) . . . or else the finite reynolds number effect manifests itself at the largest scale motions, which are usually anisotropic, too. But when you use the Ess algorithm to measure the Ess scaling exponent @ xmath0, the corresponding Ess spectrum @ xmath4 is horizontally turned to the theoretical curve. In this paper we present a detrended structure-function analysis to remove/restrict the influence of large-scale motions, and to recover the Ess exponent @ xmath0 ( resp. Ess spectrum @ xmath4) without using the Ess technique. A synthesis of the fractional brownian motion of a monofractal process and the lognormal random walk of a multifractal process is examined. In the first step of the design, the Xmath1st - Order polynomial trend is subtracted from the Xmath2 window. Besides this, the larger scales, i.e., xmath136, are expected to be displaced or constrained. Note, despite the sign, that the kolmogorovs four-five law is computed for the Xmath1st - Order dsfs. The numerical testing shows that both sfs and dsfs are more or less equal to one another in synthesis of processes without intrinsic structures. The dsfs proved to be more than a good match for the infrared effect, known as the infrared effect. But the classical sfs are biased by the larger structures, known as the infrared effect. This is interpreted as a finite number effect and can be corrected by the ess technique. The scale exponents @ xmath4 are estimated directly without resorting to the ess technique. The corresponding scale exponents @ xmath4 are supplied in the dsfs to fully recover the lognormal model, with an intermittent parameter @ xmath9, on the range @ xmath69. However, the classical sfs overestimate the left side of the scale exponents @ xmath4 (it is not impossible to overestimate the scale exponents @ xmath0) on the range @ xmath138. This method, to our knowledge, is general and applicable to other complex dynamical systems, in which the multiscale statistics are relevant. In turn, this work is supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China (Ns. 11072139, 11161160554, 11272196, 11202122), and the experimental program of shanghai municipal education commission (no. 11z787). We thank Mr. f. schmitt, y. huang, z . lu, y . liu, and n. fernandez for the useful comments and suggestions. f. schmitt, y. huang, z . lu, y . liu, and N. Fernandez, analyzing the effect of temperature fluctuations and the speed of the waves in the surf zone by applying the empirical method. thanks to prof. meneveau for the useful comments and suggestions. The work was supported by the national natural science foundation of china (no. 11072139, 11032007, 11161160554, 11272196, 11202122, and 11332006) and by the shanghai municipal education department (no. 11zz87), and by the shanghai municipal education commission (no. 11zz87) j . mar. 77 (2009) pp. 473481 . . . j . muzy, e . bacry, a . arneodo, a multifractal spectral formalism for fractal signals: the structure-function approach versus the modulus-maximum method . . . e 81 (2011) pp. 125101 . y . huang, f. g. schmitt, j . p. hermand, y . gagne, z lu, and y . liu, arbitrary-order hilbert spectral analysis for time series with scaling statistics: comparison with detrended fluctuations and wavelet leaders . . . , e 47 , 1993) pp. 875884 . . . “The order of conditions for calculating general terms in various tropic flows,” j. fluids., 248 (2002), p. 493; blum, g. p. bewley, e. bodenschatz, m. gibert, l. mydlarski, g. a. voth, h. xu, and p. yeung. The proofs of the hilbert spectrum of nonlinear and scalar time series, london, ser. a 454 (1998), p. 903995. n. huang, z. shen, s. long, m. wu, h. shih, q. zheng, n. yen, c. tung, and h. liu, e. “The findings of the asymmetry of the various turbulent flows” , new j. phys. 14 (2011) , p. 113020 .