It is an important task to examine the classification of a time series dataset, among other methods, such as the support vector machine svm , the artificial neural network ann , xcite , and the decision tree. The classification of a time series dataset is one of the most important tasks in the field of time series data. In particular, the dtw distance was first proposed for the speech community, and the width of the global constraint was fixed at 10 % of the total length of the series. Similarly, the dtw band was introduced to generalize the global constraint by a one-dimensional array, in which each band represents a different class of data. The main feature of the r-k band is the multi-band character. Its size and range are limited to the length of the data. In a word, the sakoe-chiba band (s-c band) was introduced first for the speech community, and the width of the global constraint was fixed at 10 % of the time series length. The first time the s-c band was introduced for speech applications, and the size of the global constraint was set at 10 % of the total length. This band was used for detecting the dissimilarity of two time series, but the d-c band was better suited and more accurate. the more suitable r-c band was tested, and the band with the highest training accuracy was chosen. ai In the first place, it used a dynamically programming method to find the shortest distance between two time series, and then to select ashortest path between them, which is the minimum distance between two time series. This is a well-known measure of similarity based on shape, and it uses the technique of dynamical convergence to find all possible paths of convergence and chooses the one with the minimum distance between two time series. Here we consider two time series, a Xmath sequence of length Xmath0, of length Xmath1 ( xmath1 - xmath1), in which a certain distance between the two time series is given in the form of a distance matrix, which is composed of three elements of the matrix plus the distance of three adjacent neighbours, and that our knowledge of the intersection of these two numbers is briefly explained in the following sections. in this subsection we consider the background of our proposed work. In section 3, we introduce the methodology of our methods, and a number of examples are given. Our new methods are based on four major concepts: dynamic time-warping distance, sakoe-chiba distance, sakoe-chiba distance, sakoe-chiba distance, ratanamahatana-keogh distance (r-k) , and the silhouette index, which are briefly described in the following sections. The effect is that if dtw has the least residual distance of @xmath12 and @xmath13, it will find an optimal alignment between the two time series. However, in many cases this may not be what we want when the two time series are of different classes. In this work, we propose a new efficient time-series classification algorithm based on the 1 nearest neighbor theory and the ratanamahatana keogh band (r-k band) as a global constraint. The two well-known global constraints - sakoe chiba band and itakura parallelogram @ xcite, and a recent one - ratanamahatana keogh band @ xcite, are proposed. The Figure [Float: Float] shows the example for each of these constraint types. Then, in order to find the optimal path, we choose the path which yields the minimum distance (as @ xmath16) , which is defined as: ah19, where ah19 is the sum of ah19 and the minimum distance of three elements surrounding the (ah19) element. The length of the rm. I will say three myths about dynamic time-warping. In the Proceedings of the Fourth Siam International Conference on Data Mining (SDM 2004), in the Proceedings of the 21st Sima International Conference, pp. 1122, fl., usa, april 21-23, 2004. eamonn keogh and chotirat ann ratanamahatana. eamonn keogh and chotirat ann ratanamahatana. in the Proceedings of the Fourth Siam International Conference on Data Mining (SDM 2004) , pages 1122, lake buenavista, fl., usa, april 22-23, 2004. in _ Proceedings of the fourth siam international conference on data mining [4][6][7], pages 506510, newport beach, cl., usa, april 21-23, 2005 . hiroaki sakoe and chiba .