if a symmetric (or hermitical) matrix xmath0 is such that the entries xmath1 and xmath2 are nonzero if and only if vertices xmath3 and xmath4 are connected on a tree, then the matrix xmath0 is said to be connected to the tree . It is well known that recursive relationships can be found for matrices oriented towards trees, which connect the diagonal elements xmath8 of the green function with the same quantities but for smaller matrices. in general diagonal entries of xmath0 are nonzero . a basic property of such matrices is that the number of nonzero elements in each row and column remains finite, or grows much slower than the matrix dimension when the matrix dimension grows larger . , in a tree, as usual, a graph is formed where all two of the vertices are connected by one path without repeating vertices. a tree is called the adjacency matrix . . . . , if the symmetric (or hermitic) matrix xmath0 is such that its entries xmath1 and xmath2 are non-zero only if a pair of vertices xmath3 and xmath4 are connected on a tree, then the matrix xmath0 is called associated with the tree . it is well known that for matrices connected with a tree there exist recursive relations which connect the diagonal elements xmath8 of the green function with the same quantities but for smaller matrices . At the same time, because we are on a tree, we are unable to distinguish the individual layers of xmath16 from those of the xmath14. In principle, xmath16 in the right-hand side of the equation is the green function of a matrix obtained from xmath0 by removing from it two connected sites xmath12 and xmath14 , so the total is the sum of all neighbors of xmath14, except for xmath12, which has already been removed . . . but since we are on a tree, xmath16 is the same whether xmath14 is only a relative or all its ancestors; therefore it is sufficient to omit only the last omitted site . . . in this case, because of the overlapping nature of different subtrees, eq. is the same for all elements in xmath16, whereas for large uniform trees, all members in xmath19 are independent random variables, and the same distribution. For the purpose of simplicity, we assume below that the diagonal matrix element xmath23 is a random variable , whereas the off-line element xmath24 is a real i. i. d. variable , and all coordination numbers are equal to xmath26. , the convolution of three things, one perturbation, one cavity, etc., etc. , we will refer to below as the tree equation . strictly speaking, the tree equation is valid only for infinitely uniform trees (bethe lattice), but in many cases it is applied to models which have only tree-like structure, i.e. the inner tree which can locally be approximated by trees, but which may have loops of great length . there are three main types of tree-like problems, corresponding to three sources of randomness in the tree equation . the first is a regular tree with a fixed number and with only diagonal disorder (i.e. all @ xmath25 are i. d. random variables and xmath28) . there is a general method for numerically solving the tree-like equation , e.g., one perturbation , a cavity method, etc., which we shall refer to below as the tree-like equation. The first type is a regular tree with a fixed number and a diagonal disorder (i. e. all @ xmath25 are i. d. random variables and xmath28) . a classic example of such a problem is the random graph , where every vertex has the same number of neighbors as in a tree with a constant number of neighbors, but where the boundary shell present in finite trees is absent (see e. g. @ xcite) . This discussion is intended to illustrate the method in the application of the mean spectral density to a typical tree-like model by calculating the mean spectral density of the forest model, as a means of obtaining the mean spectral density of the forest model with respect to a calculation of the mean spectral density of the forest model. This method is relatively new and is known to be widely used in the mathematical analysis of random regular graphs (see e.g., e.g. xcite @ xcite and references therein). the first is based on the real value of the energy: at each iteration the variables @ xmath31 are real, and after the iteration the distribution of the imaginary part of the energy is obtained. Suppose the energy corresponds to a region of localized states, then when the energy corresponds to a region of non-localized states, the imaginary part of the energy goes to zero, while if the energy corresponds to a region of non-localized states the imaginary part of the energy goes to a finite distribution . The first is that the power @ xmath36 is real, and the second is that it is used to add a little positive imaginary part to the energy, that is, to put @ xmath37 in . In this case, on the iteration, the integer values of the energy are real, and the result of the iteration is the distribution of the real and imaginary part of @ xmath35, which may or may not be dependent on xmath37 . The result for regular trees with diagonal disorder is given by the so-called single defect approximation proposed in Section [the rout] . In all cases, the second order approximation for the geometrical solution of the equation, although it agrees far better with the numerical solution of belief propagation, significantly improves the spectral density only at the lowest coordination numbers. The result for regular graphs with diagonal disorder is given by the so-called single defect approximation proposed in Section [the rout] . for these models, the best result is obtained by using the modified effective medium approximation of Figures in Section eq. (detain), as explained in Section eq. . As explained in the introduction, we consider only real solutions of the eq. . by definition, a tree equation implies that for real xmath52 the probability density of xmath52satisfies the equation xmath53 or, equivalently, a eigenvalue of xmath0 corresponds to values of xmath36, where xmath55 is singular. The probability density of the variable xmath46 is given by some function xmath47 and the probability density of the variable xmath48 by a function xmath49. if such a value of xmath66 exists, then the mean spectral density associated with this solution is determined as Xmath67, using contour integration; if the imaginary part of Xmath67 is positive, then the expression is rewritten as Xmath68. The mathematical solution is of the form of a mean field and often these equations are made by arguing that a random variable Xmath52, which is distributed according to xmath47, in response to xmath47, grows slowly around its mean value (see e.g. xcite) . the mathematical solution is a simple, physical and transparent one, does not require much numerical calculation, and in general gives quite good results. Xcite - physically, this solution is a kind of mean field, and often these equations are obtained by arguing that the random variable Xmath52, distributed according to xmath47, grows slowly around its mean value (see e.g. xcite ). So it is physically simple, physical, the solution is a mean field, and often these equations are obtained by arguing that the random variable Xmath52, distributed according to xmath47, fluctuates slowly around its mean value (see e.g. Xcite) Here we are going to say that a function of xmath47 can be approximated by a symmetric cauchy distribution, whose corresponding cauchy distribution is given by xmath74, with xmath75 and xmath76 real parameters, xmath77 and xmath78. These arguments can be reformulated as follows: let xmath64 be a constant solution of a cauchy distribution and Xmath97 the corresponding cauchy distribution. As a result of the above means, the above mean field method is equivalent to the assumption that the function xmath47 can be approximated by a symmetrical symmetrical symmetrical symmetrical symmetrical function, with xmath75 and xmath76 real parameters, xmath77 and xmath78, then, by replacing xmath77 with xmath90, one obtains the exact functional relation xmath90. To calculate the characteristic function of xmath47, xmath89, one obtains the exact functional relation xmath90 as xmath94 in general, Xmath94 . . . . and the following expression is simply the average of the mean spectral density in xmath103. The knowledge of xmath64 can be used to calculate the mean spectral density in eqs . . . in the case examined in the following sections we have found that approximation is not good at very small values of xmath33. . . . the conversion from the ema to the cauchy value is made . . . here we call the cauchy function @xmath95 as the zeroth order approximation of @xmath47, and the first iteration, the first order approximation . . . by using the ema, we obtain the following approximate formula for the mean spectral density @xmath103. This expression is almost as simple as ema, but often gives better results . . . with the addition of eq., one obtains a first order approximation of @xmath104, as follows: after integration with eq., the first iteration of the initial cauchy distribution, @xmath105, is then straightforwardly obtained either from this expression and eq., or from eq. : if we define xmath107, then eq. can be rewritten at xmath108, where the average is taken over xmath24 and the xmath109. the matrix we consider is the adjacency matrix of the graph, to which we add a diagonal part, which is given by i ... i ... d ... random variables, with e ... d ... the uniform distribution e ... d ... with e ... d ... suffocation (cf. ) which we are discussing in Section [Table 1] of the Law of Manners. This is the same model as the one discussed in Section [Table 2] of the Law of Manners. it is the corresponding situation discussed in Section [Table 3] of the Field. The result is that the Mean Field does not escape from the domain of attraction of the symmetric Cauchy distribution, and so the probability density of xmath33 – copies of xmath52 is far from xmath113. Therefore, the Mean Field equation reads Xmath114. Thus, the Mean Field equation takes the form: xmath115 is the probability distribution of a sum of xmath33 i . i . d. , $ $. – for heavy tails, if the Second Moment is finite, the limiting distribution is the Gaussian. To show that the distribution is not disordered, i.e. , with xmath133, one could find a spectral density in this case at xmath124. for a general distribution of diagonal elements, such as , eq . can be calculated numerically from eq . . qualitatively, they have a shape (with a function of xmath36) similar to . . . for a general distribution of zmath43 of diagonal elements, such as , the parameter xmath76 and xmath75 are easily calculated numerically from eq . . . after a complicated initial guess Xmath130 , i.e. Xmath131, where Xmath132 denotes the rhs of eq . and for xmath127 , xmath128 . . . . to ensure stability, it is useful to use a slightly different iteration, - xmath133, - a certain - xmath134 . The results for the different forces are given in Fig. . . w 0 . 3] and w . . . [p. 12] , for each w xmath144 and for each w xmath36, we calculate the next order and the first order approximations to w xmath 47 . . . but for w xmath142 (left panel) and w xmath143 (right panel) . solid lines of corresponding color indicate the next order approximations . . . , i.e., if w xmath144 is not an energy, w xmath146 is an energy of a different value, e.g. e. . in general , the first order approximation in w xmath146 is in good qualitative agreement with the direct numerical solution of the equation. . . . to verify the accuracy of these different approximations, we calculated numerically from the tree equation for regular random graphs with w xmath146 and w xmath141 at different energies, from left to right w xmath146 ... but for w xmath143 (left panel) and w xmath143 (right panel) ... solid lines of corresponding color indicate zeroth order sda formulas . ‘Prayer’ ...’ and from left to right ... ‘Tell us about ‘their’ levels,‘ ‘i–’, ‘i–’, ‘i–’ and ‘i–’. From x-math147 onwards, red dashed lines point to the zero-th-order approximation, and a certain function ‘q’ is given, that is, to calculate the probability density of the zero-th-order approximation at a m––33 level. This robustness is explained as follows: on the one hand, in the generalized central limit theorem, the zero-th-order approximation of the chosen zero-th-order function is a universal function, and is unaffected by any details of its initial function – which is why, if one takes the narrow path to a small-scale approximation of m––33 at the level of m––33, the zero-th-order approximation is more precisely described by the low-order approximation than by those directly related to the initial function. The densities of m––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––––– The ideal is a pure one. There is no need to say, for example, that the ideal of a symmetrical arrangement - called 'Slice-Resolution' - can be expressed through the use of the derivative. The fact that this expression, if - in this regime, - gives the semi-circle density - in this domain, reads - . . . it is known (see e.g. - xcite ) that in symmetrical fusions, in which the probability of a small value of - xmath45 is non-zero, the means of the equation, in which the average is an integral, gives the value of - (at xmath165 and -166), is given in the form of eq. as reads - - . - , if - xmath166 or -166, the main contribution of - is in the form of a integral. (-) - for example - in xmath164 or - - , if - in a triangle, the mean density is already equal to - , reads - xmath167 - . . . and the curves with dashed lines indicate the zeroth order approximations. In all cases, the zeroth order approximations are in a better agreement with numerical simulations. . . . the agreement of the equations and the numerics is fairly good, but the presence of the peak is very clear especially at the very small xmath33 . . . red triangles to xmath178 and blue squares to xmath143 . The equator is indicated in fig. ] this better agreement of the approximations to xmath47 motivated us to calculate the second approximation to the mean spectral density. This equator has also been calculated by the inverse method of equator and cauchy. Using the elementary forms of equator and cauchy, we get @ xmath188 for gaussian disorder with @ xmath158, @ xmath189 for @ xmath190, zero otherwise. ] Thus the equations for the three integrals are reconstructed by the transformation Xmath191p . . . . . dashed red lines are the first iteration of the above cauchy distribution given by eq. , title = “fig: “” , it is the first iteration of the above cauchy distribution given by eq. . . . , title = “fig: “” , it is clear that the first order approximation much better agrees with the probability density @ xmath42 obtained by belief propagation, but that the difference between the two approximations in the mean density is noticeable only for the smallest coordinates of a number. , namely, for regular graphs with a diagonal, at different energies: a) at xmath147, b) at xmath196, c) at xmath197, d) at xmath154. b) for regular graphs with a diagonal, at different energies: a) at xmath146, b) at xmath196, c) at xmath197, d) at xmath154. In the above-mentioned case, however, we have just mentioned a special case of matrices of the following form: xmath199, where xmath199 are i. i. d. random variables with probability density @ xmath143 and @ xmath200 are i. i. d. real symmetric variables with zero mean and finite variances @ xmath204; dashed red lines are the first iteration of the above-mentioned distribution by eq . [3] [4] , title = fig. [5] in the same way one can investigate the general case of regular graphs with diagonal and off-vertical disorder. 451 Pastur proved in cite that, at xmath202 and in certain mild conditions, the mean green function of the Green function of xmath203 obeys the equation @ xmath203, the correlation of which is @ xmath204. in this case, this case corresponds to a regular graph with coordination number 451 , which is, as it were, of the same general form. The first, third, and fifth, order approximations are compared with results of direct numerical calculations. c) a very suitable approximation for the mean spectral density for regular graphs with a diagonal or an off-diagonal disorder, we compared the zeroth and first order approximations with results of the direct numerical calculations. We noted that the average spectral density is related to the solution of an equation, which, strictly speaking, is valid only for the corresponding trees, is quite natural and, if complied with, might be tested rigorously in some cases without disorder and with diagonal disorder. (m. l. mehta, , random matrix theory (springer, new york, 1990) , m. l. mehta, , random matrix theory (springer, new york, 1990), m. akemann, j. baik and p. di francesco, the Oxford handbook of random matrix theory (oxford university press, 2011) . - the tree equation solution, the first order approximation always comes closer to the numerical solution of the belief propagation than the first order approximation. Nevertheless, the corresponding discrepancies for the mean spectral density are usually only visible at small-combination numbers. f . l . geisinger, arxiv: 1305 . 105 (2012) . g. biroli, a . c. teixeira, and m. tarzia, prog. — 184 , 187 , 199 (2010) . g. biroli, a . c . teixeira, and m. tarzia, prog. ; 39 , 203 - 216 ( 1981) . m. mzard and a. montanari, _information, physics and computation_ (oxford university press, 2009) . e. izrailev, phys. e. , 336 - 328 ( 1958) . b. d. mckay, j. lin, . . . ; appl. . . . y. v. fyodorov and i. williams, j. stat. phys. ; 129*, 1081–1116 (2007) ; a. khorunzny and g. j. rodgers, rep. l. a. pastur, theor. 129* , 1081–1116 (2007) ; a. khorunzny and g. j. rodgers, rep. — 40* , 415–101 (2009) .