The most general picture that emerged is that csos are young radio galaxies with ages between 100 and 10000 years. The host is generally elliptical, with ages of 100 and 10000 years. Csos generally exhibit terminal hotspots, which grow apart at subluminal speeds (owsianik & conway 1998; gugliucci et al. ). csos on the whole have a weak radio polarisation, low polarization and low core luminosities. Csos generally exhibit terminal hotspots which grow apart at subluminal speeds (owsianik & conway 1998; gugliucci et al. 1998) and, in some cases, even superluminalities are visible in the jets en route between the core and the hot spots in which they develop, seem to move faster, and superluminalities are seen in a few sources (taylor, readhead, pearson, 2000) jets within the core appear to move faster, and superluminal speeds in the jets are observed in a few sources (taylor, readhead, pearson, 2000) jets en route between the core and the hot spots where they end, seem to move faster, and superluminal speeds in the jets are noted in a few sources (taylor, readhead & pearson, 2000). However, as their orientation on the sky is relatively unfavorable, their polarization is still not standardized, and the presence of linear polarization can still be noticed (gugliucci et al. 2007) or absorption of atomic gases from the hypo We make use of this symmetrical system for the accretion of the jets, so that one can distinguish the size of the jets, and to probe the nature of the galaxies, especially with regard to the spatial separation of the hot spots. This is possible by measuring the separation speed between the hot spots over time and comparing this with the overall spatial separation (owsianik & conway 1998, gugliucci et al. 2005) . In this work we present observations of the galaxies of 1946 and 708. The observations were taken at eight GHz and fifteen GHz over the course of eight epochs, taken on 1995 March 22, 1996 June 22, 1998 August 22, 1999 February 11, 1999 July 11; 2001 May 17; and observations at 8 GHz only on December 24, 2003 February 10, 2006 January 18, and 8 January 9 in 2008, see fig. 9 . The observations in 1995, 1998 and 2001 were observed with all ten elements of the vlba of the unified system, including the eight elements of the vlba of the unified system, and those in 1995, 1998, and 2001 took place in all ten elements of the vlba, which they also used to measure the diffusion of the luminous systems, i.e. at the redshift ( 0 . 1008) of the radio galaxy, 1946+708 (Peck & Taylor 2001). We also include in our analysis the 5 ghz observations by taylor and vermeulen, which occurred between 1992 and 1995, and some of which are contemporaneous with the 5 ghz observations reported here. For our last three observations we observed only in circular polarity. Each frequency band was independently modelled to the 1995 epoch; for the rest of the epochs each component was allowed to move and to vary in its flux density in order to fit the independently self-calibrated visibility data. The final calibration and self-calibration was performed in difmap. The automatic calibration of the amplitude of each antenna was calculated from measurements of antenna gain and system temperature during each run. Furthermore, the amplitude of each antenna was calculated from the analysis of the relative gain and temperature of the antennas during each run. The amplitude of each antenna was obtained by comparing the data collected by a progrpor clcor - schwab & cotton 1983 - . the parameters for the calibration of the phase components were taken into account in the model of the 1995 epoch; in the rest of the epoch each component was allowed to move and vary in flux density, in order to satisfy the independently calibrated visibility. Each epoch was modelled independently, in order to allow for a deviation in the structure of the components. Each epoch was modelled independently, so as to allow for variations in the shape of the components. The phase corrections were performed in difmap before preliminary editing, imaging, deconvolution, and self-calibration in difmap (Sherman, pearson & taylor 1994, 1995) In addition to the previously studied pairs n2 and n5 and n5 and n5 (see Fig. 2), we report here the discovery of a new group of components, which we call n6 and s6 (see Fig. 2). This source is quite consistent in its development of strong and distinct jet components. In addition to the pairs n2 and s2 we report here of a new set of components which we call n6 and s6 (see Fig. 2). In addition to the previously studied pairs n2 and s2 and n5 and n5 (see fig. 2) we report here of the discovery of a new set of components which we call n6 and s6 (see fig. 2). Despite the fact that the two in the frequency of 2 is similar to one another, the new parts seem to have been launched in a pair, and seem to be moving out of the core in opposite directions. thin 10 lobes are visible in the 90-degree angle to the jets. The structure of the uppermost plate is remarkably circular (see Figures 1 and 2) and has a remarkably symmetrical appearance (see Figure 2). Besides the previously studied pairs n2 and n5 and n5 and n5 (see Figure 2 and 3), we report here of a new set of components, which we call n6 and s6 (see fig. 2) , we consider that these are the apparent velocity of the sky as opposed to the intrinsic velocity of the plane. The strength of the core and the strength of the new component n6 and s6 increased steadily during this period (fig. 3), and seemed to be declining later, as the new components moved away from the core. It may be assumed that the jet is starting out fast and decelerating with time. In fig. 4, we plot the positions of the four strongest components (n2 and n5; see also the movie gbtaylor /) derived from the plots of the observation of elliptical gaussians to the visual observations at 8 . 4 ghz. The distances of the two largest components (n2 and s5) are approximately half the velocity of the inner (n5 and s5) , and the more distant pair (n2 and s5) seem to be moving at roughly half the velocity of the inner (n5 and s5). Note that these are estimates projected in the plane of the sky, not intrinsic three-dimensional velocities. The more distant component (n2 and s5) moves at about half the velocity of the inner component (n5 and s5) , we would expect that the n5 / s5 pair would decline, but this is not observed. The path of the inner jet components of 1946 + 708 (n6 / s6) appears to be remarkably straight, with the exception of the last four years of the present observation. Besides, the larger northern component (n2) is prone to slight deformation at the late 1994, 2001, and 2006 (epochs 2, 7, and 9 in fig. 4); this suggests a smoother arc along the eastern side of this component. – after the 2006 epoch (epoch 9 in fig. 4), but this is almost entirely dependent on the position at the 2008 epoch. – the lines in fig. 4 are a little biased towards the north, so that the axis of the ellipse should not be ruled out prematurely. In a helical jet, the intrinsic speed of the component is constant, and the angle of the position changes in time to give the observed variations in the projected velocity. In a helical jet, the intrinsic velocity is constant, but the position changes over time, and thus the predicted velocity changes are measurable. This, of course, reproduces the rotational symmetry of 1946 + 708, which has been found to explain observations of the galactic jet in ss423 (roberts et al. 2008, hjellming et al. 1981, hjellming et al. 1981). The paths of the inner jet components of 1946 + 708 (n6 and s6) appear to be relatively straight with the measurements. A small deviation in the position of 15 ghz is also seen in fig. 4. The jet may not be made up of discrete blobs which, as we have shown in the graphs, can be interpreted as one-dimensional, ephemeral blobs, and can be distinguished from the elliptical gauss which we have noted and we have computed for ourselves , but it may well be a continuous flow, whose effects (conductions, amplifications) are enhanced. The core-jet source in question, though, was first characterized by 15-hz observations in the fifth and sixth epochs, indicated its location by making an upward movement away from the centre of the source. Note that the intrinsic velocities of the jets in the core-jet sources were generally in the range of xmath10, much larger than in the cso 1946-708 of 1 . 3 . 3 (see Fig. 4). As the jets move in opposite directions at an angle xmath12 to the line of sight, and an intrinsic velocities of xmath13, it follows immediately from the refraction, that the ratio of apparent projected distances to the visual field of view is also given by the difference in light-travel time. Therefore, it is reasonable to assert that n5 and s5 were at the same time ejected, and also n2 and s2 . indeed, we are fortunate to witness the ejection of n6 and s6 at the same time as we have described above. From geometry and the conversion of angular velocity to linear velocity we have a common solution: @ xmath20 where @ xmath21 is the projected separation velocity, @ xmath22 is the angular size distance to the source, and @ xmath23 is the redshift . . . the interstitial velocity of the n5 / s5 pair is an absolute value of 3 , @ xmath25 0 . . 55 @ xmath25 0 . . at the same time the apparent separation speed of the n5 / s5 pair is 1 . . . . Note that eq. 2 has a distance dependence, while eq. 1 has no, so we can solve the system together for the distance and the resulting hubble constant . . . In this respect, we have the basic problem of obtaining the temperature and velocity of the parts in the pair as observed, for each of the elements, as we have observed them, are oppositely directed and equally fast. However, the equation for the arm length ratios of the components is, by a factor of about two, much lower than the apparent velocity ratios: 1 . 33 vs 2 . 76 for n2 / s2; 1 . 80 vs 3 . 50 for n5 / s5 . , this resulted in the fact that the farthest point in the continuum between the components is, in the course of their entire lifetime, younger and thus shorter. This is because the differences in the light travel time between the components being in the pair, because of the significant light travel time difference, are still less than the simple speed and angle solutions. We derive angles a few meters. The difference in the distance between the components, due to a significant light travel time difference, should be noticed at a younger age (25-75%) than its near counterpart and at a correspondingly smaller projected distance from the core. In a fully self-contained solution, we can account for the real location of the core and the evolution of the velocity, because, of course, it implies that the receding component is seen at a younger age and therefore with a greater speed. We have currently reached the position where s5 appears brighter than s5; this would, at first sight, appear contrary to the expectations of doppler boosting. However, we must bear in mind that the light from s5 is delayed compared to the light from n5 (27 years for the 2008 epoch, according to the mathematical formulas), so that the history of variability must be taken into account when interpreting the flux density of the two components. the variations in the ratios of n2 and s5 are particularly interesting. Their period of observation is illustrated in Fig. 4. The time evolution of the flux density of the two components of n2 and s5 is shown in Fig. 5. the flux density of n2 and s5 is shown in Fig. 5; while the n5 component has steadily increased in time over 13 years of observation at 8 ghz . while n5 has steadily declined. The decline in n5 was almost to a certain extent marked by a slight decline in s5 . However, it is important to note that the light of s5 is delayed in comparison to the light of n5 (by 27 years in the case of the epoch of 2008), so that the history of variability must be taken into account when interpreting the flux density ratios of component pairs . likewise, the presence of continuous waves in the jet, well confined, even though it travels at different intrinsic speeds (n5 vs n2) supports the second explanation of an intrinsically helical jet. But, if one compares the observed motion with the measured distance, it will show in alternating positive and negative directions. Indeed, it is clear that the motion is much slower than the jet components. The northern hot spot has a very faint and diffuse surface, and one can measure it with a considerable accuracy by measuring its position relative to the core. This image of a northern hot spot is coloured, and one can measure its position with considerable accuracy by a certain amount of accuracy. The northern hot spot has a prominent and narrow profile, and one can measure its position with a great accuracy by measuring its position relative to the core. In a difference of time, the observed motion is a mere motion of a square. As the reconstructed result is a reference to the core, it adds a steady and precise direction to all of the jet components. The observed motion is seen in a characteristic, but slight inclination, which is particularly evident at a 5 ghz ... in a word, in a very small dimension, there is a sufficient deviation from constant inclination, even though the jets are dragged along a different path, at the same wavelength, there is a substantial deviation of several degrees . . . in a relatively short-sighted region, fig. 8, there is a somewhat more conspicuous Marker of Motion from the Northeast. The NW has a slightly brighter and resolute speck, and, as a matter of fact, it is possible to measure with – if the velocity is measured as per exogenous radiance, we can infer the number of years in time for which I will assume the fixed period, 1946 – 708 if the times are constant. The velocity that gugliucci et al. 2005 measured is in fact of two thousand years, but the statistics are unfortunately a little too bad . . . a more likely explanation is that the interstellar medium is denser than in the Northern region, which can be explained by the observation of a higher low opacity to the north (Pock & Taylor 2001). Therefore the arm length ratio between the Northern and the Southern regions is close to parity, a ratio of 0 . . . ; the northern region being a little closer to the core. The length ratio between the Northern and the Southern regions is a close parity, 0 . . 0 . . 0 = a ratio of . . . for the core, less than . . . 3 % for the jet, and less than . . . . for the Northern area, at 8 . . 4 ghz, he has a very thin disc, about 1.0 (9 mls ) . After a detailed, multi-frequency, multi-epoch study of the small symmetric object, 1946 and 708, we conclude that the kinematic age of the radio emitted is (to xmath04000 years), a.d. , xmath04000 years. after detailed kinetic and multi-epoch investigations of the symmetric object, we find that koss-radiation is, on the timescales of Xmath04000 years, from the core, and from 0 . 6 c towards the hot spots. The jets in general seem well confined and lie in the overall s-symmetric shape of the jets, the dross-rattle-trained shape of the jets, we conclude that the jets are helically confined, rather than ballistic in nature. h. smith gratefully acknowledges the university of bordeaux for hosting a visit during which much of this work was carried out. Further investigations over the next decade will allow for a detailed analysis of the newly formed component pairs n6 / s6 . together with the continuing observation of n2 / s2 and n5 / s5 it would be possible to measure the accelerations of the jet components and to determine whether each component pair has an intrinsic velocity that is established upon ejection. We are a tiny god-like entity, and I kowtow to myself, and I am really no god, and sigh, and with me in the position of sanny-good-un. For you, a little old one, and a first-rate one, this little old thing of mine . . . . But I’ve heard a certain thing about Iodiceas — there’s a law of man and the letter a and a and a and a, but it is a Law of Chancery and is issued by the Law of Chancery and will be recognized as the Seal of the Order. In fact, there are two of them: Pegia, Iodicea, and Folma, af. . . . Splendid , Iodiceas, and Jovexic-To-Actue ;3 e xu, w., pearson, t. j., wilkinson, p. n., & polatidis, a. . . . . Sniff-line , p. 395, p. 104 ; n2 ; c. 112 . . . wehrle, a. e., lobanov, a. p., zensus, j. a., madejski, j. m., aller, m. f., & aller, h. d. – 1995, apj, 485 , l. taylor, g. b., marr, j. m., readhead, a. c., s., pearson, t. j. – ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc. 006 & 006 & 0 . 01. . . 0 . . . 0 . . . 0006 & 0 . . . 01. . . 0 . . . 052 . . . 0 . . . 006 . . .