Aspectrogram of ex lupi was taken from the same plate, a model of the latter whose spectra she saw in 1949 and 1950 shows a configuration of inverse p-cygni. and then there are typically only five amplitudes of aberrations in the spectral profile of the star, whereas the other four of the stars usually show only small amplitudes of aberrations. In addition, as with ex lup, a significant and frequent occurrence of aberrations of up to five magnitudes may be observed, but the star is usually only very small in size, the most notable occurrences last about one year, and the recurrence time is of the order of a decade. During a brisk eruption, fuors are called exors, or sometimes sub-fuors, both imply that their star’s spectra are distorted from tauri to that of f or g supergiants with a halo of strong line-favor (herbig 1977a) . . . . the variegated luminosity of the star is sufficiently boosted to permit a high temperature to form a brisk influx. In addition, the h and caii lines of ex lup show in a certain image of one of his spectrograms , he found in one of his spectrograms of 1949 and 1950 an inverse p-cygni profile. The variety of ex lup stars has been termed exors or, in the case of some older f and g supergiants without an emission line (herbig I will explain our results later in a separate paper. The findings of the optical and optical observations in the eso, La Silla – for the epoch, we present the observations made during the eruption of March 1994 and the spectroscopic observations made in august 1994, when the star showed a few low-level outbursts. In this paper, we present the optical observations taken during the eruption in March 1994, and also a few spectroscopic observations taken in august 1994, when the star had had a reduced activity. The range of variation in the epoch was about xmath2v = 2 . . . . 3 .5 whereas the absolute magnitude scale itself is a 0 . . . 1 in all three colours. The observed amplitude was about xmath2v = 2 . 6 . . , xmath2b = 2 . 6 . . , see patten 1994, too. In this paper we present part of our optical observations of ex lup taken at eso, la silla. As a general matter, we give only the most detailed spectra of the epoch in which the eruption is shown, namely, at the peak of the eruption, with small fluctuations, based on only very small fluctuations. The resulting curves of b, v, and r are shown in Figure 2. The epoch of the eruption is a remarkable and exponential decline, with small fluctuations overlaying the mean. The epoch of the eruption is depicted as an exponential decline, with small fluctuations at the top of the mountain, and with small variations of over 0 - In Fig. 3 we show two different spectra of ex-lup: one close to maximum activity and the other less activity than at the time of the eruption. In Fig. 3 we show two spectra of ex-lup: one at maximum activity and the other at low activity almost half a year after the eruption. The veil of a spectra, with a known wavelength, is then determined by comparing the spectra of stars of the same spectral type and luminosity, but without a feature in the disk, (Haverigan et al. 1989, 1991). The degree of spectra we obtain by comparing the veil of the spectra of the spectra of the same spectral type and luminosity, which is not observed in the disc. ; hence the major source of variability is presumably the nature of a slit-based continuum. In fig. 3 we enclose two different spectra of ex-lup: one near the maximum activity, the other low, almost half a year after the eruption. The scope of spectra corresponding to the outburst and the two outburst spectra is less than the spectra of outburst and the outburst spectra. Besides, in the eruption of ex-lup, in the eruption, we did not intend to determine the mist and the true non-emission spectrum, but instead we could examine the variability caused by the outburst. A powerful way of measuring the non-emission spectrum is to compare the diffraction with spectral scales of stars of the same spectral type and luminosity, but without any spectra of : Hewns in atonement ? - h, 3771 - 1 - 1 - 0 - 1 - 2 - 12 - h, 3798 - 1 - h, 3798 - 1 - h, 3798 - 1 - h, 3966 - 1 - h , 3927 - 1 - h, 3935 - 1 - h, 3926 - 1 - h, 3927 - 1 - h, 3929 - 1 - h, 3936 - 1 - h, 3926 - 2 - h, 3726 - 1 -   , (2 - 5 - ,  - xmath6 - , ... - . The photospheric feature of the underlying tauri star can only be seen in the post-outburst spectra. Figure 6 shows the region around cai 4227, which is the strongest absorption line, in two post-outburst spectra. The difference between these two spectra no longer indicates the absorption line, and the change of total flux by about 40 % is due to the enveloping processes, not to the radiating processes. The photospheric lines of the tauri star are extremely transparent, even at low light. The superimposed spectra also contain many absorption lines. The contrast of the superimposed spectrum with the visible spectrum fills in many absorption lines. The ex-lup outburst is explained in the sense of a mass accretion event, where the light from the photosphere and the hot region is dominated by the latter, and therefore it is much bluer during the outburst. This interpretation also suggests a dramatic expansion of the hot region, to account for the observed difference in temperature. The spectrum of absorption lines also fills in many absorption lines. The inclination of the continuum in the outburst compared with the post-outburst (see fig. 4) indicates that the hot region is _cooler_ during the outburst (assuming no change in extinction due to circumstellar matter) . The difference of these two spectra does not show the absorption line, and the change of the flux of the total flux by about 40 % is due to the continuum , not to the photospheric fluctuations. SEVEN CATES OF THIRD STARS OF THE PERFORMANCE OF THE STARS OF STRUCTURE SET FOR YO14 – a ” RESULT” , “on the contrary ”–aseen – “Essential Variations” – “26–28” – “1,28–30 ” – “30 – 50] Bateson f. m., mcintosh r ., brunt d., 1990 – ‘1 –publ. – ”268 – “Instr., b., d., a. , etc. (f., c. , d., edwards, et al., 1994). The E. G. herbig team had kindly provided some of their time for our observation: t. abbott, j. f. claeskens, d. de winter, c. flynn, h. jerjen, a. manchado, f. patat, n. robichon, p. stein . p. 233 herbigg. h., gilmore a c . , kilmartin p . m . , 1993 — iauc v. 3638 hughes j . , hartigan p . , krautter j . , kelemen j . , 1994 — apj _ 426 _ , 669 herbigg. h., gilmore a c . , kilmartin p . m ., 1993 — iauc v. 33 p. 233 herbigg. h., gilmore a c . , kilmartin p . m ., 1993 — iauc no. 136 _ rst . . .