In fact, although a significant advance has been made in the study of the isovector nuclear interaction and the strength of the nuclear symmetry energy, there are still many difficult questions to be answered. Most of the recent studies have focused on the lg phase transition in symmetric matter. However, in asymmetric matter, the lg phase transition is expected to display new characteristics, as a result of the greater freedom of the isospin orbital and of the additional interactions and the additional conservation laws. However, the lg phase transition in symmetric matter has received a significant advance, as is evident from the impressive progress in the development of advanced beams, which can be used in transiently to create in some time large quantities of highly symmetric nuclear matter in terrestrial laboratories. In addition, the study of symmetric nuclear matter has received a tremendous boost, in spite of the great effort of the nuclear physics community to understand its nature and the experimental results, which has been imposed by a remarkable number of discoveries. most recent studies have focused on the lg phase transition in symmetric nuclear matter. But in an asymmetric matter the lg phase transition shows some peculiar properties, because of the isovector nuclear interaction and the density dependence of the nuclear symmetry energy. Fortunately, recent experiments with the symmetry energy of heavy ionous substances have allowed us to put a certain limit on the symmetry energy of dense, weakly sulfide matter. You can see that this mdi interaction is realistic, while the other two are only used as references to investigate the effect of isospin and momentum on the nuclear interactions. The first one is the isospin and momentum dependent mdi interaction constrained by the isospin diffusion data in heavy ions ; the second one is the momentum-independent interaction (mid), which is a fully momentum-independent single nucleon potential, and the third one is an isoscalar momentum-independent interaction (emdyi), where the isoscalar part of the single nucleon potential is momentum dependent, but the isovector part is momentum independent. In the isospin and momentum dependent mdi interaction, the potential energy density of a thermally equilibrated asymmetric nuclear matter at total density, temperature, and isospin asymmetry, is given as follows: xcite , xcite , ch07 , chen05, ch03 , ch03, ch03 , chen05 , ch04 , chen04 , ch10, chen06, chen04, ch10, ch10, ch10, ch11, ch11, ch10, ch11, ch10, ch11 is the proportional coefficient of z1 and ch11, the time space distribution of the ch10, the swish average , xmath11, y2 and y2 [ mdi] ([mdiv]) the swish average of the nucleons, that is, one nucleon, which has a “Jared Sprinkling of Plasmas, and in particular in a local, low energy and energetically sensitive ion collision induced by Nissin-rich ion beams li04b, chen04, chen05, lichen05, li06pion, li06, yong062, yong062 , yong062 , yong072 , yong072 . The parameter xmath24, xmath26 and xmath26 can be parameterized by the parameter xmath32, xmath33 and xmath34 by the incompressibility xmath35 of cold symmetric nuclear matter at saturation density xmath36, as a result of ref. . . . . . , Xcite and Xcite. The isospin diffusion from nscl / msu have constrained the value of xmath20 to be between xmath21 and xmath22 for nuclear masses densities less than xmath23. Thus, in the present work, we will consider the two values of xmath24 and xmath25, and the softer symmetry energy of xmath25 is produced by xmath24, and the softer symmetry energy of xmath25 is produced by xmath25. – f (x) – 1 – ( frac  rho    rho   rho   0 – 0 –     – drho    rho    rho  0 – ) –  uasy   end  aligned   –  –  – –  –  –  ,  and – eq . ( ‘hi) – in mdi interaction, the potential energy density – xmath40 of a thermally equilibrated asymmetric nuclear matter at xmath1 and Xmath2 is written as xmath40, whose temperature – xmath1 and – –  – is written as xmath42 – the phase space distribution function of symmetric nuclear matter at xmath1 and xmath2 in xmath2 . This latter has the same expression as the eos of asymmetric nuclear matter at xmath24 and xmath24 . , the chemical potential becomes the fermi distribution and, from xmath53, the entropy per nucleon is calculated from xmath56, that is, if xmath55 is the mass of the proton or the neutron and if xmath56 is the single nucleon potential in various interactions . . . by self-confidence the chemical potential and the distribution function can be calculated numerically. For example, the chemical equilibrium condition is given by xmath67, where xmath68 stands for the liquid and the gas phase. In the above equilibrium , the equilibrium conditions are given by xmath66 and Xmath68, respectively, where xmath66 and xmath68 stand for liquid and gas phases, respectively. The chemical stability condition is given by xmath68, where xmath69 and xmath68 stand for liquid and gas phases, respectively. The pressures and the chemical potentials at xmath66, if the pressures and the distributions are symmetric, can be calculated numerically. It is taken from ref. @xcite . . . . we calculated the chemical potential isobars for Xmath70, which is a typical temperature for the lg phase transition. the solid curves shown in the left panel of fig. . . . distribution are the geometrical components of xmath71, at a fixed temperature of xmath70 mev and pressures of xmath72 mev and xmath74 mev, by means of mdi and emdyi interactions, with xmath24 and xmath25. Moreover, in the left panel of fig. . . . , the resulting rectangles are also shown by dotted lines in Fig. . . . . . At xmath75, the chemical potential of neutrons (protons) increases (she decreases) monotonically with xmath3 and the chemical instability disappears. And in the first place, the same thing is said of the property “combined multipole and paired symbols” of the excitation, in the second place, for excitations of the symbol and the midpole, as shown in the left side of the panel. For the second place, by means of the coexistence of the two events, the two different values of symbols are associated with two different phases with different densities. The lower density, with a larger symbol, is called the gas phase, while the higher density, with a smaller symbol, is called the gas phase. The chemical potential of the neutrons increases more rapidly with pressure than the protons in this temperature. For each of the interactions, the two different values of symbols correspond to two different phases with different densities: the lower density, with a larger symbol, is called a gas phase, and the higher density, with a smaller symbol, is called a gas phase. In the panel (c), the line has an inflection point, and the line is an inflection point, and symbols increase monotonically with symbols. - We can see in Fig. - pdelta - (a) the section of the surface of the earth at xmath88 mev in the emdyi and mid-interaction with xmath24 and xmath25. The emdyi interaction has a larger region of the coexistence region and a larger area of the coexistence region compared to the result. Moreover, as we are quite expecting, the value of xmath20 does not affect the equal concentration of the earth (ec) point, but the momentum dependence only lifts the cp in a larger proportion, which indicates that the magnitude of the ma point is not the same. However, the magnitude of the coexistence region and the area of the coexistence region are also sensitive to the influence of momentum. Besides, it is also evident that the critical pressure and the area of coexistence region in hot asymmetric matter are sensitive to the elasticity of the symmetry, with a more softer symmetry giving a higher critical pressure and a larger area of coexistence. Fig. [Pdelta] [A] shows us the section of the surface of the flat earth at @ xmath88 mev in a emdyi interaction with @ xmath24 and @ xmath25. To a certain extent, in comparison with the results of the mdi and mid interactions, we see that the limiting pressure and the area of the phase coexistence are not in the least sensitive to the isospin dependence of the symmetry energy; a softer symmetry energy, @xmath24, leads to a higher critical pressure and a larger area of the phase coexistence. Moreover, the region of the phase coexistence is highly sensitive to the isospin dependence of the symmetry energy; a softer symmetry energy is seen to increase the critical pressure and the area of the phase coexistence in this temperature. ; at zero temperature the above three interactions have the same eos. In summary, we have studied the phase transition of liquid-gas phase in hot neutron-rich nuclear matter with three different nuclear effective interactions, namely, the isospin and momentum dependent mdi-, constrained by the isospin diffusional characteristics of heavy ion collisions, the momentum-dependent mdi-mdi-mdi-mean- interaction, and the isoscalar momentum-dependent emdyi-complex interaction. The surface of the emdyi-mdi interaction is similar to that of the mdyi-mdi. For the upper limit, the area of the mdyi-mdi-mdi-mdi-mdi-mdi-mdi-mdi-mdi-mdi-mdi-mdi-mdi-mdyi-mdi-mdyi-mdi-mdi-mdi The rocs is china, the srf for rocs, the srf for rocs, the srf for rocs, the sem of china, the China national basic research institute under contract no. 2007cb815004; the us national science foundation under grant no. . . , and the research corporation under award no.