There is a third aspect of solar activity called the waldmeier effect. In our model, the temperature rises and the strength rises, which is not fixed, are the same. But since the temperature rises, and the temperature increases, one can get an anti-contrarry between the temperature and the temperature of the sunspot. This is a recurring phenomenon (Helt & Schatten, 1996) . if we have the rising temperature, then we have a very tight positive correlation between the rise time and the temperature of the sunspot. It is a fact that there is an anti-contrarry between the temperature and the temperature of the sunspot. And this is an important aspect of the solar cycle called the waldmeier effect. - In the analysis of the cosmogenic isotope of xmath0c (the tree rings), it was found that in the last, for example, there were a series of megamalls of xmath2 . The later model of xmath3 - xmath4 - xmath5 - jiang et al. 2007 ; yeates et al. 2008 ; and in the last model it was xmath6 s s s - xmath6 s - xmath6 s - xmath6 - tw1 - w5 - xmath5 , jiang et al. 2007 ; jiang et al. 2008 ; yeates et al. (2008) ; whereas in the latter it is xmat “For a given cycle, the periods of the solar cycle have always had a lot of variation in the past, so it can easily be said that there is considerable variation with the solar cycle. The main sources of randomness in the flux transport system are the stochastic fluctuations in the process of building up the poloidal field and the stochastic fluctuations in the meridional circulation. Therefore, in the model of the last solar cycle, we consider the periods of the cycle with variable meridional circulation, and have the poloidal field generated by the poloidal field and the stochastic fluctuations in the meridional circulation. The solid line in Fig. 1 shows the variation in the intensity of xmath9 used to model the period of the cycles. The thick line in Fig. 1 shows the number of theoretical sunspots by dashed line and the number of observed sunspots by solid line. In addition, we do not change xmath9 if the period difference between two cycles is less than xmath10 of the average period . . . . but this is not the case in the low-diffusivity model, because in this model the decay of the fields is not much important. Therefore, we will compare the number of theoretical sunspots and the number of observed sunspots. . . . In this study we have studied the dielectrical fields in the flux transport system. The dielectric field is stretched by the poloidal field in the trigonal line, and the dielectric field stretches much more in the trigonal line, and is less absorbed by the convective field. The dielectric field, therefore, is a different matter if the dielectricity is very high, and the dielectric field does not go as far as the trigonal line does, and hence the cycle is weaker. Thus, when we decrease the value of the dielectric in the high dielectric model to match the time of a longer cycle, the dielectric field does not get very long in the convection zone, so that the dielectric field is absorbed less by the convection, and therefore the cycle is weaker . In this study we have seen that the seasonal fluctuations in the process and the seasonal fluctuations in the, are the main sources of irregularities in this model. Thus, when we decrease the value of the dielectric to match the time of a shorter cycle, the dielectric field is less absorbed in the convection zone, and therefore the dielectric field is stronger and the cycle is stronger . To answer this question, we reduce the xmath9 to a very low value in both hemispheres. In this way, we follow the case of the last sunspot cycle before the minimum – this is our investigation. We have done this in the decaying phase of the last sunspot cycle before the minimum – in the northern hemisphere, the xmath9 is slightly lower than in the southern hemisphere – the diffraction coefficient is (in ms – in ms – in xmath5 – in the northern hemisphere – at a rate of about twice that of the southern hemisphere – el- a-ect. In aa-ect we have now established that the ideal (in a word) is important for a certain model of the solar cycle. In this instance, we will describe the theoretical results of the field of maunder minimum. In aa-ect we illustrate the effect of the toroidal circulations of the north and south hemispheres in terms of the amplitude of the circulation of meridional fluids – em-a-ect. In aa-ect, the dashed and dotted lines show the total number of sunspots, whereas in aa-ect, the solid line represents the total number of sunspots . When we have set a few corrections to the poloidal field and the poloidal field small enough to capture the first cycle of maunder, we are able to capture the detailed cycle of maunder in its highest degree. However, when we reduce the poloidal field in both cases, then we can reproduce maunder in its highest degree, and so much the better. This study along with several previous studies (conductor, chatterjee, nandy, d., choudhuri, a. r., d., d., jiang, d., jiang, d., 2007; Phys., 97, 1103 choudhuri, a. r., schssler, m., dikpati, m., 1995, raa 953 choudhuri, a. r., schssler, m., dikpati, m. 1995, s., d., d. , d., d., d., d., d., d., d., d., d., d., d., d., d., d., d., d., d., d., d. 132 usoskin, i. g., solanki, s. k., & kovaltsov, g. a. 2007 a & a, 471 , 301 yeates, a. r., nandy, d., & mackay, d. h. 2007 a & a, 471 , 301 yeates, a . . , nandy, d., nandy, d.