It is necessary to look at the pressure and the wind in real time at all the points in the sky. in xcite, a database is presented with the solutions of the 3d incompressible navier-stokes equations. Xcite’s equations were solved numerically by a standard pseudo-spectral simulation in the periodic domain, with the reference to the real space grid of xmath0 points. – a large body force drives a taylor-scale turbulent flow with a reynolds number of xmath1 – a big-scale body force drives a turbulent flow with a taylor-microscaler reynolds number of xmath1. – The data from Xcite shows an extremely noisy picture and not very informative about the turbulent dynamics. – In this work the dynamics of a turbulent field is studied. For example, the images from Xcite are shown in a simple geometry, see for example the plots from Xcite – the results are usually very crowded, a structure of many intertwined thin vortex tubes forming an extremely complex structure. , we take a different approach. , we have a scalar system, a box filter, of size Xmath5, and we create semitransparent surfaces delimitating the domains Xmath6 where Xmath7 is, and a scalar system, a scalar system, a scalar system, which = Xmath7 is. we will scalar the field xmath5 with a scalar filter, and create semitransparent surfaces delimitating the domains Xmath9 where Xmath10, but only if those domains are contained in one of the domains xmath7 ; this method can be applied iteratively with several scales (at most 3 scales, because the images become too complicated for more layers) . Besides, alinrnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnntroto respond, which has in the way of resisting certain action-bars and drew the widest dimension, namely the 2m increments of the lattice, and to account for the lack of a uniform line between them. In the first place "In a next step, we will remove all the fine-scale vortices outside the large-scale tubes. The opening of the vortex tubes is a very similar one to the traditional depiction: a maze of vortices. " We employ a special colouring scheme for the angle xmath11 between the filtered vortices and the filtered vortices. " For xmath14 the surface is green for xmath15, yellow for xmath16, and red for xmath17, with a continuous gradient between these three for intermediate values. The color for the small scale vortices is as follows: green signifies a connection with the large scale vortices, red signifies an anti-connection. Besides, most of the small scale vortices are oriented with /sent> . In this way we see that the smaller vortex tubes are carried by the larger vortex tubes. We remove the fine-grained vortices and we see that the fine-grained vortices are also complexly tangled and intertwined. After that, we examine the configuration of the vortex tubes at all three scales simultaneously. Here we clearly see that the small vortex tubes are transported by the larger vortex tubes. However, it is not just a passive advection , the small vortices are also distorted by the large - scale motions. The stretching of the small vortex tubes by the large one was proposed by orszag and borue_1 as the basic mechanism of the kinetic cascade. Next, we examine the structures of the three scales, one inside the other. The relative orientation of the vortices at the two scales is the same as those of the first scale . . . It is not all the turbulent process is tube within tube. Not all the turbulent process is tube within tube. In the last scene we depict in the right half all the small-scale vortices, and in the left half only the small-scale vortices in the large-scale tubes. This video enables us to observe the formation of the turbulent energy. At the same time, the elongated small-scale vortex structures can be seen growing inward to the large-scale tubes. , bib , in this link :  doi-basis-10. org / xpls / abs ... all ... jsp? arnumber = 1592886 [ , ) () p . - [18]   [17] -  p .   [17]  - [18] -  p . . .