a ray of light from a phosphorescent to a semiconductor conduction band has been studied in recent years. The highly sensitive interfacial et between a single molecular level and a conductive surface is the simplest of all surface reactions: it is only an exchange of electrons, so there are no bonds broken. Recent studies on the et of electrons in the conduction band of phosphorescent semiconductors show that the phenomenon of et of a phosphorescent molecule is known. The et of a phosphorescent molecule is described by the time-dependent schrdinger equation and neglects the relaxation processes. This neglect of the relaxation processes was caused by the finding that injected electrons relax only within 150 fs in the phosphorescent phosphorescent phosphorescent system. Thus, in the reduced density matrix (rdm) the whole system consists of three terms: the system part, the bath part, and the phosphorescent part. In the reduced density matrix the whole system is divided into a relevant system part and a heat bath. In the reduced density matrix, the whole system is divided into a hamiltonian part and a bath. Therefore, in the reduced density matrix (rdm), the total hamiltonian consists of three terms: the system part, the bath part, and the system-bath interaction. At xmath5 the rdm is obtained by tracing the degrees of freedom of the environment. In the other way, the rdm is made up of a second-order perturbative treatment. — - this, then, is an elliptic equation, so called diabatic. — It is a hamiltonian model, in which the ground and the excited state of the molecule are represented by a quasi-circular describing the conduction band and one vibrational coordinate - the above mentioned - is equal to the correspondingly adjusted xmath16 operator, and the correspondingly adjusted xmath14 operator can be written as xmath13. - This is the oscillation of the quasi-circular state. The magnetic coupling between the excited state and the quasi-circular state is assumed to be constant: xmath22 . . . . the induced potential energy surface is shifted 0 . . . 1 along the resulting contact with the ground state potential energy surface. The equilibrium between the excited state and the quasi-circular state is assumed to be constant: xmath22. We enumerate the following diagram: an excited molecular state and a conduction band . . . the so-called diabatic-bubble approximation is not invoked, for it would lead to incorrect results in the present system studied. . . . because this is a simplified model, one would have to use the Monte Carlo wave function . . . This calculations are already required by a p-seudo-transformation method, but they are almost impossible with direct density-matrices . . . we use a much simpler model and we take into account only that part of the conduction band that plays an important role in the injection of electrons. The structure in the upper panel of fig. 1 has already been explained by ramakrishna et al. . we know that this is a very simplified model but hope that it catches the effects of dissipation on the injection of electrons. In this case, a band of width 2 ev is described, with an energy difference of 2 . 5 mev, leading to 870 electronic surfaces. as already explained, the four lowest vibrational states populated significantly at xmath29. The two probabilities, after xmath 30, give some clues about the dissipation. This is given by the golden rule . The electronic probabilities in the quasi- continuum are given as follows: xmath30, where xmath31 is the initial tHz in the excited state, xmath32 and xmath33 are the tHz in the excited state. These two probabilities give some clues about the dissipation of the electrons. "Thirdly we extended the work oframakrishna, and we may possibly have added some relaxation to the description of electron-fispation into the conduction band of a semiconductor. In that way, at least, the variation of energy in the form of electron-fispancy will be much less , it would only be necessary to have an excitation of the energy within the sphere of the substance.