the axoplasmic reticula are present only in axons, which imply the identity of the surrounding process and lead to automatic segmentation. The results of this work are presented in color, by the color-correcting technique of gradient-domain image-selection, by xcite, and by the integration of the features and of a high-resolution wiring diagram of the brain, called the 'connectome.') Its aim is to make it easy to analyse the axoplasmic reticula, because it is extremely time-consuming to draw them up. ; this work has been very little done to date. the open connectome project (commonstr. openconnectome.) aims to annotate all the features in a volume of neural EMG, connect these features, and reconstruct a high-resolution wiring diagram of the brain, known as a connectome.  (  p-p-q-q-p) A 3x3 laplacian filter. Using a laplacian filter to find and mark dark features, such as axoplasmic reticule . . . we implement this by iterating over the filtered image and looking for dark pixels, which are defined by a value less than the value of the center pixel, and a decrease in intensity in areas of constant intensity. For each slice we traverse the annotations and check if an axoplasmic reticule is present in the corresponding xy-location of the adjacent slice. Then we check the pixels around it, and this is done until there are only high intensity pixels, or until we grow larger than the diameter of an axoplasmic reticule. we implement this by iterating over the filtered image and searching for dark pixels, where a dark pixel is defined as a pixel less than the average intensity, a decrease in intensity where the average value is greater, and no change in areas of constant intensity. Finally, we track our annotations through the volume, checking the correctness and identifying axoplasmic reticules that were missed before. Moreover, our algorithm can be extended to detect axoplasmic reticula with a fuller morphological region. In the future, we plan to extend our morphological region growing algorithm to also detect axoplasmic reticula with a more robust tracking method, such as kalman filtering or particle filtering . . . These figures are approximate, because there is inherent ambiguity among experts.