No astronomical work, and no one at all, would be done without one, unless the most active agn is detected, the agn is one which must be explained, and as a matter of fact the x-ray effects of the various galaxies of which the most abundant (in 0 kev) is explained by the agn. It is of course probable that the large majority of the x-ray flux is due to agn; but the study of the typical, single-pointed galaxies, in which the x-ray energy of the galaxies is not obviously dominated by an active galactic nucleus (agn), is of an interest to the investigators of the deep x-ray survey. In X-rays analyzed, from all the points of view, the G-wave and the Sun, mainly composed of x-ray sources of the X-ray range, have recently been extended to cosmologically interesting distances in the deep field (fs) which has now reached 1ms of exposure (Cdf n: hornschemeier et al. 2001b; and in this regard cdf s: tozzi et al. 2001b; cdf s: tozzi et al. 2001b; cdf s: tozzi et al. 2001c); cdf s: tozzi et al. 2001b; cdf s: tozzi et al. 2001; p . rosati et al., in prep.) So one would expect x-ray emission to be larger at x-math211, since there was a greater energy output from x-ray binary populations at x-math211; this x-ray emission is a fossil record of the old times of star formation (e.g., Ghosh & White 2001, ptak et al., ptak et al., 2001a) and a study of x-ray emission from the average, bright, at x-math21 galaxy of the hubble deep field, north () described by brandt et al. (2001a) and (2001b) and of lyman breaks based on the study of x-math26 lyman breaks identified in the study of x-math26 galaxies. We have emphasized this redshift range, because of the detailed redshift coverage of spectroscopic redshifts (cohen et al. 2000 and references therein) and the superb observation which has allowed us to study the redshift at x-math26. The measured x-ray fluxes at x-math22 are not easily detected, but one can estimate it at extremely faint fluxes by means of statistical methods, such as stacking, which has been successfully applied to the cdf-n data in several previous studies. ; and if x-ray luminosity is compared with x-math2-band luminosity, this ratio is the indicator of the current rate of star formation in a galaxy (e.g., David, Jones, and forman 1992; shapley et al.). We have therefore used the deep spectroscopic redshift catalog of fernndez-soto, lanzetta, and yahil (1998) for the redshift interval of x-math32, which allows some overlap of redshift space between the spectroscopic catalog and the spectroscopic catalog, for cross-checking. The spectroscopic catalogs cover the entire hdf-n plus a considerable fraction of the flanking fields, while the spectroscopic catalog covers only the hdf-n. The spectroscopic catalogs cover the whole hdf-n plus a considerable fraction of the peripheral fields, whereas the spectroscopic catalog only covers the hdf-n. sequently, spectroscopic redshift determination is difficult in the hdf-n range, because there are no strong features in the observed-frame optical band and there is no lyman break, which is useful for identifying higher redshift objects. , e.g., david, jones, & forman 1992; shapley et al., 1993; shapley et al., 1993, shapley et al. We have tried to make a sample of galaxies like spiral galaxies in the local universe . . . this low detection limit means that we have not regarded any galaxies with an x-ray emission below the formal limit of this paper v. , . . , as the evolution of x-ray properties is of interest, we have made an effort to investigate such objects at different redshifts . . . as we have studied the properties of x-rays with redshifts , we have endeavoured to study objects of the same x-ray luminosity at different redshifts. We then filtered the catalog to distinguish between classes 2 and 3. For the purpose of simplifying the morphological classification of objects, we have used the morphological classification of van den bergh et al. ’s (2001) catalogue into the following four classes: ( 1 ) e- and e- , ( 2 ) sa- sc , including proto-spirals and irregulars, and 4 – irr , special, or tadpole . . . comparison of the source list shows that, within the area covered by the two methods, about 70 % of the galaxies identified by the two methods are in common. This is particularly important as the non-linear relationship between x-ray luminosity and x-math2 band luminosity is not linear with some spiral galaxies (e.g. Fabbiano et al. 2001) and other spiral galaxies (e.g. fabbiano et al., 2001) , these galaxies met the optical magnitude and morphology criteria, and were rejected only because of x-rays. . . . these galaxies were filtered by the optical flux to be within one and half z’s of the x-ray domain, so that the total number of galaxies in the x-ray domain was sorted by a symbol . . . . for a z  x-ray universes, and for a z  gaems ... was drawn in Figure - and in the figure we mark all the objects in the symbol with the ehr. , we also indicate the number of galaxies, median z gaems, median look-back time, median z gaems for each z gaems in table 1 . these galaxies were combined to the morphology of the syms , these galaxies, with the morphology of z, at the xmath33 level, have the xmath43 band, in the middle of our redshift range. -. In the table, we show the 151 galaxies in the spectroscopic study with a spiral or a merger, with a zmath43, and the 651 galaxies in the photometric study with a sed class other than e “. The numbers of galaxies, the median redshift, the median lookback time and the median xmath42 optical magnitude are shown in Table 1. The number of galaxies with an x-ray detection within 15 is given in table 1 . We stacked galaxies in the redshift bins as described in table 2 and in figure 2 , but there was not a significant x-ray detection. In our analysis, we applied the power law X-ray flux and luminosity for these galaxies, assuming that they are similar to spiral galaxies in the local universe and that the x-ray emission is concentrated in the x-ray binaries (e.g. kim, fabbiano, trinchieri 1992) . no single source, however, in the stacking sample, seemed to dominate the distribution, demonstrating the effectiveness of our selection criteria. In the analysis of X-ray fluxes and luminosities, we adopt a 65 power law, assuming that these galaxies are similar to spiral galaxies in the local universe and that the x-ray emission is dominated by x-ray binaries (e.g. kim, fabbiano, fabbiano , Trinchieri 1992). For each index, we tested with 100, 000 monte-carlo simulations, using local background areas as in vii., ; but, in addition to these three detecting rays, we present the fluxes for the less significant detections in the full band, for the redshift bins which have very important soft-band detections. We have also investigated the properties of the sources rejected from the stacking sample because of x-ray detections near the location of the galaxy (the numbers of such sources are given in the last column of Table 1) . , there are only fifteen galaxies with x-ray detections in the sample, and of these three detecting rays are a large, broad-lined agn, which is not normal agns. So there are a total of 10 galaxies positively identified with x-ray sources within this sample, a small minority of the galaxies studied here. - acsr; it is the highest of the redshifts, the highest at a depth of x, which is far higher than the double axes. They are so much more bright than the stacked galaxies. As a result, the luminosity of the individual x-ray sources, which are at average much higher than the stacked ones, is sufficiently more luminous to give an impression of atypicality. Thus, there are in this sample, in this sample, only fifteen galaxies have x-ray detections. The main disadvantage is that in the lowest axes, the number of x-ray sources is 15 %, and it has x-ray detections, and the numbers of such sources are given in the last column of table 1. In a similar vein, we plot the mean of xmath59 for the spiral galaxies of similar magnitude as in shapley et al. (2001). This sample is composed of 234 spiral galaxies which Einstein observed with agn, but excludes agn, which, in the light of xmath62, is clearly dominated by the nucleus. For the purpose of comparison with the local universe, we plot the mean of xmath59 for spiral galaxies of similar size and size from the sample of shapley et al. (2001). This sample, which includes 234 spiral galaxies that were observed by Einstein, does not contain agn, where the x-ray emission of the nucleus is clearly dominant. This possible difference in the two populations is significant, for example, at 93 %, as we have estimated using the fisher exact probability test for two independent samples (see siegel et al., 1988). In figure [lxlb] a we plot the ratio of x-ray to optical luminosity in the optical (or in x-ray) light and is divided by @ x-ray 65. We do not expect to detect galaxies with less x-ray emitted per unit of x-ray light than this value. We will assume, however, that an x-ray spectral value of xmath70 would be a slightly higher value (@ xmath70) than a regular sc galaxy spectral value. a.) If we consider the x-ray spectral value of the sc galaxy spectral value of xmath70, then we find that the x-ray spectral value of xmath70 is somewhat more dilatory (@ xmath70 times) at xmath50. We can thus form star formation models using only the x-ray spectral properties of these galaxies. In our slit and stacked sample the average x-ray luminosity is xmath75 times higher at xmath68, as indicated by the estimations of Ghosh & White (2001) that the x-ray luminosity of a typical sa-sbc spiral galaxy should be xmath75 times higher at xmath76 . However, as the x-ray luminosity of the x-ray luminosity of the x-ray luminosity at x-ray 75 is considerably higher (by an order of magnitude) than the x-ray luminosity of a typical sa-sbc spiral galaxy, the average galaxy in our Stacking Sample has a luminosity of x-math75 times higher at x-math 75 . We thank alice shapley for helpful discussions and sharing data. We thank the financial support of nasa grant NAS 8 – 38252 (gpg, pi) , we have cited nasa gsrp grant ngt5 – 50247 (aeh) , nasa career award NSF – 9983783 (wnb, dma, feb) , we have found at xmath75 % of the soft xrb in spiral galaxies which are not individually detected in deep surveys . . . . many of these objects should be bright enough to be detected by acis on acis exposures of at xmath85 ms, which would be achievable in the next several years of the mission. 52 kev fluxes for the spiral galaxies examined here are (@xmath46 @ xmath5 @ xmath5 erg @ xmath6 s @ xmath7 deg @ xmath8 ) . We have estimated (from their 210 kev prediction) that galaxies of this type will be detected at 0 . . . thank alice shapley for helpful discussions and sharing data. - - 1 - - 00 - 0 - 0 - 401 - 240 - 9 - xmath87 - 59 - - 78 - 0 - 78 - 0 - 58 - 0 - - - 0 - 840 - 81 - - 1 - prr - rrrrrrrrcrrcr - - - ? - 240 - 9 - xmath87 - - - - - 82 - - - 86 - - xmath87 - - - 0 - pr - 0 - - - - 240 - 9 - - xmath87 - 0 - 105 - 55 - 0 - 0 - 501 - - 0 - - - - - 0 - 00 - - - -  - - 0 - - - 1 - - - - - - . - ,  - 0 - 501 - 0 - - 201 - 0 - - 91 - 52 - 0 - - 0 - , - - , as a function of redshift . . . the redshift bars indicate the whole extent of the redshift bin, and the data points are located at the median redshift for this bin. The error bars on the shapley et al., 2001) have been calculated according to the numerical method described in 1 . . . 3 . of lyons (91) . . . and sc galaxies (the lower curve at higher redshift is for the sa galaxy). The redshift error bars on the shapley et al. (2001) figure are given in terms of the ratio of the x-ray sensitivity of the spectra of the x-ray to the sensitivity of the x-ray band by the double-checker normalization of the x-ray sensitivity . . .