— Here we have, moreover, observations of the newly formed elliptical galaxy, and these are not perfectly at rest , they are considerably smaller than ellipticals of the same masses, and their effective stellar mass density is at least an order of magnitude higher compared to ellipticals of the same mass. , their surface brightness is a factor of three to five times greater than that of their low redshift analogs . . . the observed ellipticals are very massive at X-mast, and we expect from the mass function that minor mergers are much more common than major mergers until z=0 . . . however, only a small percentage of these galaxies is completed. The simple conclusion is that the most early type galaxies cannot be created by simple collapse and binary fusion of gas-rich disks at X-mast, unless their increase in size can be explained by secular processes, such as anadiabatic expansion driven by the stellar mass and/or strong feedback. . . . . . As a proof of principle, we shall use a very high resolution cosmological simulation of the formation of a spheroid in which no major mergers are present below xmath 11, and together with simple scales, to prove that the rapid growth and the rapid differentiation of spherical galaxies can be explained by the slight mergers and the accretion of subsystems. Then, assuming that all the aggregated masses have attained xmath17 the total energy, the total mass, the total gravitational radius, and the mean square speed of the stars. This is a relatively complex question, and the computational difficulties are particularly expensive. Here, the mechanics of this is attained. In fact, the argument is made that the initial stellar system has dissipated from stars. At high redshifts, the observed ellipticals have half-mass sizes of xmath17 and that subsystems of even smaller size accreted. This system has a total energy of xmath14, a mass of xmath14, a gravitational radius of xmath16, and the mean square speed of the stars is xmath17. By converting the virial theorem to xmath19, we imagine that systems are accreted with energies of xmath19, masses of xmath20, gravitational radius of xmath21, and mean square speeds of xmath22. By adding the fractional mass of the systems to xmath23, we then define the fractional mass of all the materials as xmath23, and the total kinetic energy of the material as - the arithmetic of a schechter function of the distribution of stellar masses tells us that a large system ( @xmath34) absorbs most of its mass from the smaller systems, and so the simple calculation of the equations above shows that although major mergers can occur, minor mergers are the main driver of the evolution of large and small galaxies. - the radius increases by a factor of two (eqn . rg ) and the density by a factor of four (eqn . dens) (see also @xcite for a similar formulation of the scaling relationship) . the initial system multiplies by a factor of two, then @xmath32 or @xmath33 - the mean square velocity is two, the radius is four times larger and the density by a factor of 32 with respect to the first system (see also @xcite for a similar calculation of the scaling relation) . a simple calculation of the Schechter function of the distribution of stars reveals that a large system ( @xmath34) accretes most of its mass from smaller systems and thus, as a rule, the simple calculation above proves that, even though major mergers are possible, minor mergers are the chief driver of the evolution of large galaxies in size and density. the zone of accelerated tidal force was approximated by increasingly large dark matter particles in five layers of decreasing resolution. The tidal force of particles outside the high resolution cube was approximated by increasingly massive dark matter particles in 5 layers of decreasing resolution. the stellar mass is == xmath53 and we have two stars per sph particle. The square is indicated by the geometry of the gravitational softening of the moon , the length of the sub-grid of the gravity curve, the reddish background radiation field (see also @xcite) . we must establish an over-density of xmath53 for the onset of star formation to prevent spurious star formation at high redshift . a rigidized elastic softening of xmath48 was applied until xmath48; after that the softening of the stars, e.g. for the stars, remained fixed to physical xmath49. a mixture of lower and upper tidal forces was compared with increasingly massive dark matter particles in five nested layers of decreasing resolution . . . At the early period of the central galaxy, when the star formation takes place, is taken up by the union of stars of the form of a mass that has been formed in situ from gas in the galaxy and stars that have been accreted outside the radius of a star. In the spherical half-mass radii of the form of a star, we see that the form of a star is very compact (see also xcite) at xmath10 @ xmath61, and its size grows by a factor of four (see xmath62) until z = 0 . ; in the bottom spherical half-mass radii of the form of a star, we see the density of the accreted stars at z = 0 , z = 0 . in the formation of a central star, the density of the forms of stars decreases by more than an order of magnitude towards the lower redshifts. At z = 5 , z = 3 , few stars are formed within z = 0 . . . . . the last 20 % of stars are added by accretion of systems formed outside the main stellar system at radiuses larger than z = 0 . in the bottom panel of fig. . [Rho acc acc feed _200 comb] is shown the density profiles of the stars that have formed outside z = 0 , -, -, Then, at z=0 and z=3 , the central surface brightness is distinctly lower, 6math, but in line with the disk-like sphere of xmath, a surface which is hollowed out and is hardened to a mild point. In the upper part of the sphere we have found the innermost parts of the sphere of xmath, and the outermost parts of xmath, which is a minimum at xmath and a minimum at xmath6 (the black and red lines) which are the best sersic profiles. , the dark and the red lines indicate the best sersic profiles. b. The central sphere has a greater central surface brightness and is more compact. c. At xmath10, the star-system resembles a compact disk-like or bar-like object, a peak elliptic of xmath67 and a size of xmath67 at z = 3. after that, its size increases by a factor of xmath69 to the present value of xmath70. f. the galaxy is slightly compact than early-type galaxies, but lies in the observed distribution (Ar@xcite, See also  xcite) . That's what the clear observations from @xcite give us, especially a drop in the dispersion in the case of xcite's previous models. The xcite system, if it can be, is now grown up to a density of xcite, about xcite83, which is a typical dispersion for early-type galaxies at this mass. However, the simple scaling of the density of stars, in our model, is in a very good position, as most mass is accreted in very small systems, and since xcite has the largest merger since z=3, the strength of which is also very large, since z=3 we found the largest merger since z=3 with a mass ratio of 8:1 (In this respect the decline of dispersion and density of the stars is more moderate than in a simple model) . We have recently derived an extremely weak evolution of the density in 1kpc with a decreasing factor of a factor of 2 – 3 , that is to say, it is less moderate than our model, which implyes only a decrease of a factor of 1 – 3. Further, the plain equations of stellar accretion represent the evolution of the system from z = 3 to z = 0 . This is to say that the system is already quite developed at high redshift . . . but at the time of our calculations it is apparent that the system is already at high redshift . . . and in particular, the drop in the velocity and dispersion of the system is in qualitative agreement with the first direct observations by @xcite. These little ellipticals are formed by in situ star formation from cold gas (see e.g. . . . &quot; and references to it), produces a large and dense stellar system of Xmath 88, with dimensions of Xmath 89. From z = 3 to z = 0 the effective radius of the system increases by a factor of three. The apparent increase in the size is due to the initial dominance of the in situ component, which is heated and, at the larger radius, eventually obscured by the accreted stars. Besides, the nature of the mass function of the masses, the higher the redshift, the larger the high redshift, the more massive the system grows. The effects of minor mergers also play an important role in the gravitational heating of the core. In general, the tendency of the scale of mass to develop by minor mergers would be divided in the first, e.g., more massive systems grow larger than lower ones. Moreover, the shape of the mass function also plays an important role in the gravitational heating, e.g., more massive high redshift systems grow larger than lower ones . The apparent increase in size is caused by the initial dominance of the initial component which is heated and, at larger distances, is overshadowed by the accreted stars. , a few examples of which are given in this paper. . . . the models were performed at the princeton hpc centre. These observations confirm the assumption of the inside out development. These observations, moreover, are supported by the dfg cluster of excellence origin and structure of the universe. The results of the calculations are illustrated by the three examples from Xcite and ecc . . . , h. f., naab, t., mcintosh, d. . . . , somerville, r. . . . , rix, h. . , rix, h. . . beckwith, s. v., borch, a. . . . , hussler, b. . . , heymans, b. . , heint, b. , j. . . , jogee, s. , koposov, s., sanchez, s. . . . . we thank marijn franx, pieter van dokkum and ignacio trujillo for their assistance in the manuscript . . . , 482 , 21 , e . . renzini, a . . pirzkal, n . , malhotra, s . , stiavelli, m . , xu, c . pasquali, a . . pasquali, a . . pasquali, a . . , pasquali, a . . pasquali, a . . pasquali, a . . pasquali, a . . pasquali, a . . . pasquali, a . . pasquali, a . . pasquali, a . . pasquali, a . . pasquali, a . . , cii p . . . . . . . . . . . . . re fiorentin, p., naab, t., steinmetz, m., van den Bosch, f. c., beers, t. c., lee, y. s., bell, e. f., rockosi, c., rockosi, c., rockosi, c., newberg, h., wilhelm, h., wilhelm, r., wilhelm, r., wilhelm, h., wilhelm, h., wilhelm, r., wilhelm, r., wilhelm, h., wilhelm, r., wilhelm, h., wilhelm, r., wilhelm, h., wilhelm, r., wilhelm, r., wilhelm, r., newberg, h., wilhelm, r., wilhelm, r., newberg, h., wilhelm, r., wilhelm, h., wilhelm, h., wilhelm, r., newberg, h., wilhelm, h., wilhelm, r., wilhelm, r., wilhelm, m.