Hemispheres, resembling high-energy collidings, were discovered in cosmic ray experiments in the chacaltaya emulsion chambers, by lattes and colleagues of the Faculty of Sciences. These events were very different from what is generally seen in crs, exhibiting large numbers of hadrons and small numbers of electrons and gammas, indicating that there are very few rapid-flowing hadrons. Thus, a possible imbalance of neutral to charged pions could be imagined. about forty years ago, some apparently unrelated, ambiguous and unexpected phenomena, dubbed centauros, were observed in cosmic ray experiments in emulsion chambers in chacaltaya by lattes and collaborators. Moreover, centauros were the main experimental motivation for the development of the theory of disorientated chiral condensates (dccs), which was developed in the early 1990s (see e.g. for a detailed overview, see ref. xcite. The nature and reality of centauros involved a long, extensive debate, which consists of the reexamination of the original emulsion chambers and is still not resolved. Nevertheless, centauros were indeed an experimental reason for the development of the theory of disorientated chiral condensates (dccs) that started from Xcite . The temperature at which the chiral condensate was formed in a recent heavy ion experiment was high enough to produce a quark-gluon plasma, and the subsequent rapid expansion cooled the system to the vacuum, thereby, as the chiral symmetry deteriorated, so that the dynamics of But as this is asymmetrical quantity, in isospin space, it should be washed out by ordinary events averaging methods. In the event of the formation of dccs in high-energy nuclear collisions in the atmosphere, the relevant outcome from the primary collision is very large fluctuations in the neutral-to-charged fraction of pions, which would affect the nature of the atmospheric shower. Since we have not been able to obtain much higher statistics in the current ultra-high-energy cosmic ray (uhcr) experiments than we have done in the past, so that an event by event analysis for very high-energy collisions can be achieved, we consider possible signatures of dccs in cr showers. although this is a very crude description of the dynamics of the primary collision, we believe that it includes the essential features which are necessary to be tested in order to verify the feasibility of detecting dccs in cr showers. In the present paper, we search for fingerprints of dccs in two different observables of cr showers. in the simulation, we examine the depth of the maximum ( @ xmath) and the number of muons on the ground, assessing their sensitivity to the neutral-to-charged fraction of the primary pion fraction. In this case, however, there has been no evidence from colliders or cr experiments. Therefore, this paper is divided into sections. In Section I, we describe the simulation results for the height of the maximum (@ xmath) and the number of muons on the ground, and compare them with the neutral-to-charged fraction asymmetry produced by the primary pion. However, because of its symmetric nature (in But for the low temperature, he had a non-vanishing value, and had irrevocably broken the chiral symmetry of qcd@xcite. Here we had, in fact, the chiral condensate, as the order parameter of that transition, vanishes, whereas for the low temperature, the condensate attained a non-vanishing value, and was able to break, without any conscious effort, the chiral symmetry of the QCD. The reverse is true only if current quarks were strictly massless) and the chiral condensate, which is the order parameter for this transition, almost vanishes. In a given model, one can obtain the effective degrees of freedom of the condensate, and study the mechanism of the restoration and breaking of the chiral symmetry. if we set the model in two flavors of light quarks, in addition to pions, we can easily realize the linear sigma, coupled to pions xcite. But the process may proceed along many different paths in the chiral space, and in each event the ratio of neutral to charged pions produced depends strongly on the metastable condition chosen for each event . . . but if the shell of this fire-ball is long enough to be described in semiclassical terms, then it is possible to apply the linear sigma model with explicit symmetry breaking to the analysis of the dynamics. If the shell of this fire-ball is spherically expanding, then the reorientation of the external contact by the warm-shelled shell is reflected in the produced pions, which are coherent and show fluctuations in an event-by-event analysis. The number of pions follows a poisson distribution, with average @xmath23; and the number of pions produced per unit phase space is approximately given by @xcite @xmath24. If the lifetime of the shell is short enough, the quark condensate in the interior might be rotated out of its ordinary direction, since it consumes relatively little energy, @xmath7 mev / @xmath8 . quantitatively, one can model the shell of this fire-ball as the source of these excitations of pions: @xmath9, where @xmath10 is the isospin index . . . After the excitation of pions, the currents in @xmath14 vanish, and the fields in @xmath3 decay to the vacuum, free to move. But if pions are produced by a decay of a dcc, that probability is quite negligible. However, if pions are the product of a decay of a dcc, it is not negligible. So, in the limit of large numbers, if there is no privileged isospin, the vector in question can point in any direction within the sphere. This is why, for any experiment to study the effect of a dcc on the physics of showers generated by uhecr, we must consider the sensitivity of a given observed parameter to the neutral fraction generated by the first interaction. The large aperture of a detector such as the Pierre auger observatory (combining water sampling on the ground and longitudinal reconstruction of the uhecr and air-filled thunderstorms) has been a source of high quality data and new statistics in the field of xcite. So, the neutral pion fraction, eq. (Square - a binomial distribution) is the basis of our strategy to search for the dcc in uhecr showers. This distribution, which is well known, is based on the scientical analysis of the neutral pion fraction of xcite: xcite: xcite, the probability of less than 10 pions to be neutral, for example, is xcite. This probability is, however, not negligible if pions are the product of a decay of dcc. therefore, the investigation of a dcc that is forming is, as we have mentioned, rare. if dccs really exist, the conditions for generating them should not only be high energy densities, but also the regions where such densities were achieved should not be so small, because dccs are considered to be microsphere,' space-time regions, where the chiral parameter is not oriented in the same direction as the vacuum. In order to satisfy these requirements we have chosen to employ dcc-like showers at @ xmath41.4 As shown below, the dcc-like showers in the central collisions are predestined over all the peripheral ones by selecting events with a large number of nucleons ( mainly pions and kaons) in their first secondaries, and then an increasing number of charged particles is converted to pricks; the resultant particle list was then returned to corsika and went on with the usual cascade of the atmosphere through the atmosphere. Then the dcc-like shower in the central collisions is also predestined over the peripheral ones by selecting events with large numbers of nucleons (@ xmath43) which in turn leads to a higher number of interactions in the first interaction. We have taken these conditions into account when we consider that dccs are really there, not only high energy densities, but the regions where those densities are obtained must not be small, since dccs are considered 'macro-cosmic' space-time regions where the chiral parameter is not oriented in the same direction as the vacuum. fe dcc and fe dcc are shown, whereas they do not include fe dcc or fe dcc. They are exhibited by four different fe dcc types: normal fe (central collision: fe dcc) and fe dcc. There is an extreme asymmetrical situation fe dcc corresponding to an extremely asymmetrical position fe dcc , that is, where all the initially produced fe dccs are converted to fe dcc. This is so, for the proportion of the distribution of the eq. (square root) peaks sharply at fe dcc47, whereas, by way of contrast, the probability of less than 0.1 % of fe dcc s being produced is merely 10 %. - In this sense, it is also evident that one should search for the low fe dccs in the signatures, and this property is independent of the initial fraction of fe dcc. , it is clear that both samples of fe dcc and fe dcc have lower than average fluctuations in this respect, since the higher the multiplicity in the first interaction, the more rapid the development of the next cascade in the atmosphere. “For the purpose of this study we have applied a linear discrimination (lda), similar to that of Xcite, to a decomposition of the number of muons in the atmosphere, as the difference in the proportion of xmath53 and the degree of atmospheric attenuation in the atmosphere. Because the number of muons on the ground depends on the square root of xmath53 and the zenith angle caused by the atmospheric attenuation, we have decided to apply a more systematic analysis by changing the parameters of the regression. While the fraction of the neutral pions is smaller than the square root of the square root, the high multiplicity events (the small = xmath50) show a greater density on the ground than the low = xmath50 , as can be seen from fig. , scatterplot. As a result of collisions with all the centralities, iron showers exhibit a positive correlation between xmath0 and xmath40. This positive correlation can be understood, as it was added to the interferometric coefficient of the square root in the first interaction, with low = xmath0 events corresponding, in average, to high . . . in fact, the additional correlation between xmath0 and the multiplicity in the first interaction, with low = xmath0 events corresponding to higher = xmath0. As we convert neutral pions to charged ones, high _xmath_ events (small @xmath_) are more dense on the ground than small _xmath_ events (large @xmath_) , as you can see from fig. . . I have analyzed half of the simulated showers, the other half of which I used for the determination of the concentration of dccs. (Supplementary Figure.) The second figure shows two-dimensional scatter plots in the mid-axel plane of fe-dcc and five xmath64 and xmath65 degrees . fe-dccs showers in which the first interaction produces large amounts of xmath64 are very poor in muons and may be readily distinguished. The concentration of fe-dccs in general is only attainable at low values of xmath53, when the excess of muons in the ground is large enough to separate the fe-dcc population from the fe-dcc population. Therefore, in order to arrive at a sufficiently strong measure of the merit of fe-dcc, we need a priori information of the frequency of proton and fe showers, and the frequency of dcc occurrences. However, even if dccs existed in nature, such large-pointed - xmath53 counts are very unlikely to occur, taking into account the distribution of eq. ( ). For fe-dcc showers, of course, as we approach the xmath66 fraction, the separation power weakens. and the poles of iron are therefore of course in a close relation to one another – this is especially true of protons and iron. This is a difference of dimension that is not seen in a normal iron shower. For instance, in the extreme case of @xmath47, where dcc events lead to strong nudity, we showed that this signature distinguishes the two cases of iron (even for the central collisions) and that of dccs. In fact, we investigated the type of air showers produced by protons and iron. dccs are expected to form in central collisions, which lead to smaller than average values of xmath0 (a difference of about @xmath69g / @xmath50, for instance) , so we should search for larger xmath0. For the great xmath53, one could also separate these two cases, as they were caused by a large depletion of muons on the ground. In fact, this effect is not expected in a normal shower of iron. Especially for large xmath53, there is clearly an anti-correlated correlation between xmath0 and xmath40. for large xmath53, one can also differentiate these two cases due to the large depletion of muons on the ground. This fact was observed in the early studies of ref. @ xcite. n a ohsawa, e . h shibuya and m tamada, phys. d * 70 *, 074028 (2004); v kopenkin and y . shibuya, phys. rev. d * 69 *, 054001 (1998) . . . d * 68 *, 054001 (1998) . . . e gladysz-dziadus, phys. d * 59 *, 054001 (1998) . . . . f. ohsawa, e . . . . shibuya and m. tamada, phys. d * 69 *, 054001 (1998) . . . . , v . kopenkin, y . . , y . . fujimoto, y . . . . . . d * 69 *, 054002 (2001) . . . , r. engel p. stankus, d. silvermyr, s. sorensen and v. greene (eds.) , Proceedings of the International Conference on the Ultrarelativistic Nucleus: Nuclear Collisions, nucl. a * 74 *, 5005 (1996); a . abada and j. aichelin, phys. lett. , 82 *, 4779 (1998); i . n. mishustin and o . scavenius, nucl. phys. lett. o . scavenius and a . aichelin, phys. lett. , 73 *, 3080 (1996); o . scavenius, a . - dumitru, e. s. fraga, j . t. lenaghan, and a . d. jackson. ht j . bjorken, k . l kowalsky and c . taylor, slac-pub-6109 (93) . . . ht j . d. bjorken, k . l kowalski and c . taylor, slac-pub-6109 (93) . f. j . d. heck, g. schatz, t. hatsuda, y. miake, camb. monogr . part . part . part . part . p.  .