– the brain, for example, in a neuromorphic computing device, for example, is a mind-like, neuromorphic, neurons, that are constrained by the specific symmetry between neurons and thus affecting the magnitude of the signals that are transmitted. While boolean computation consists of sequentially fetching, decoding, and executing cycles, the neuromorphic computing device is massively parallel, and events are driven, which is attractive for neural and synaptic computations. For that reason, researchers have attempted to make use of various nanoelectronic devices that the underlying physics of the device makes it possible to model the neuronal and synaptic activities of the brain. The main reason for utilizing these non-Neumann post-cmos technologies as neural and synaptic devices is that the large difference in the physics of the electronics of the cmos and the underlying neurosciences is in a way different from the exact one that the same device is designed to represent in the device. In the case of neuromorphic devices, the synapses form the pathways between neurons and their strength modulates the signal sent between them. Although the energy required for a cat's brain will rise substantially as we progress in the hierarchy of the animal kingdom, it is only a few watts for the mammalian brain. The main reason for the use of non- von neumann post-cmos technologies in the realm of neural and synaptic devices is that the large invariability of the cmos transistors and the underlying neuroscience is in a way directly proportional to the amount of area and energy necessary for the equipment to be implemented. The main motivation behind the use of non- von neumann technologies for neural and synaptic devices stems " Xcite has shown that synapses exhibit a natural learning ability, where they undergo dynamic plasticity, and also undergo long-term plasticity, depending on the frequency of incoming action potentials. This process is called short-term plasticity (stp) , whereas stp is a meta-relative state and lasts only a very short time, while stp is a stable state and lasts for hours, days, or even years . This is called long-term plasticity (ltp) . But when action potentials are often triggered, the concentration of ions is not able to settle to the equilibrium concentration, and the concentration in the end results in long-term plasticity of the synapse. [xcite] (a) shows the biological process involved in such volatile plasticity changes. This dynamic or meta-stp state, or ltp, can lead to neuromorphic architectures where the synaptic memory can be adapted to the changing environment, because sections of the memory that have not been able to receive the frequent stimulus can be ejected and used to remember the more frequent information. The drawing (a) explains the biological process involved in such volatile plasticity. This volatile or meta-stp state is a meta-stp state, and it lasts only a very short time, ltp is a stable state that can last hours, days or even years While   forgetting' phenomena is constantly occurring in the stm, it can be stored for a much longer time in the ltm. In the next section, we will describe the structure and principle of an mtj - xcite. - A. the mtj is composed of two ferromagnetic layers separated by a tin-capped barrier (tb) . the magnetization of one of the layers is magnetically  pinned '' and therefore it is called  pinned '' , whereas the magnetization of the other layer is magnetically   free '' (fl) , , is manipulated by an incoming spin current . - The synapse in the synapse is sent in the synapse . . . and the information that is sent' in the synapse is stored for a long time in the ltm . . . so the competition between the synapse and the memory of the younger generation or the strengthening of the old generation is crucial for the synapse . . . consider the first state of the synapse in the low conductive ap- state . . . . the other layer, called the f-free layer ' , is influenced by an incoming spin current . So, if you provide an input stimulus, the fl magnetization proceeds uphill, downhill, downhill to point 1. If you give an input stimulus, the fl magnetization proceeds uphill' along the energy profile, from point 1 to point 2 in fig. [Drawing2] (a) but since point 2 is meta-stiff, it goes downhill to point 1 after the stimulus has been removed. fl's energy as a function of @xmath10 is shown in fig. [Drawing2] (a) where the two energy minima points (@xmath11 and @xmath12) are separated by the energy barrier, @xmath13. it is to be noted here that after a high energy at @xmath14, it becomes more difficult for the fl to forget information during the transition from stm to ltm. The enzymatic behavior of the synapse can also be explained by the magnetization dynamics of the fl described by landau-lifshitz-gilbert (lg) equation with an extra term to account for the spin momentum of the fl, according to slonczewski, where , xmath20 is the unit vector of fl magnetization, xmath21 is the electron-electrode ratio, xmath22 is the gilberts damping ratio, xmath23 is the effective magnetic field with an anisotropy of elliptic disks calculated by xmath23, xmath24 is the number of spins in free layer of volume, xmath25 ( xmath25 is saturation magnetization, xmath27 is bohr magneton), xmath28 is the polarization efficiency of the pl. it is worth noting here that, like the memory of a semiconductor, the magnitude and duration of the stimulus will certainly have an effect on the stp-ltp transition of the synapse . However, the frequency of the input is an important factor in the equation. This simulation is similar to the one that has been carried out in feng shui in the brain, and it can be interpreted as a matched, coupled pulse. The paired pulse facilitates synaptic plasticity by following the reversal of a previous similar stimulus, and a ptp (ptp): progressive plasticity by a large number of successive pulses of the same pattern ) , xcite, xcite. iii The device and its parameter were derived from experimental measurements by xcite and are shown in table i. The device and its parameter are obtained from experimental measurements by xcite and are shown in table i. . In Fig. iv, the probability of ltp transition and average conductance increases with the number of pulses and the time interval between stimulations. [25] Fig. iv , the probability of ltp transition and average conductance at the end of each stimulation increases with the increase in the interval between the stimulations. Fig. iv, the probability of ltp transition and average conductance at the end of each stimulation increases with the decrease in the interval between stimulations. The following Table iv – Device simulation parameters [23] One stimulus was taken at the position of xmath45. Where a set of five pulses (one of xmath45 and one of xmath46) were applied for each pixel . . . the snapshots of the memory array after each stimulus were shown for each stimulus interval of xmath47 and xmath48. In the simulation not only illustrates the temporal evolution of a large range of mtj conductances, as a function of stimulus, but also provides the inspiration for the creation of adaptive neuromorphic systems, exploiting the concepts of stm and ltm. however, it is worth mentioning that the same amount of flux is passed through the mtj in both cases. This is the first theoretical demonstration of stp and ltp in an mtj synapse. There are recent proposals that exhibit such stp-ltp processes, like xcite synapses and xcite memristors xcite. Moreover, in the recent past, many new devices have been proposed that could exhibit such stp-ltp mechanisms in an mtj structure, such as xcite synapses and xcite memristors xcite . It is important to note here that the same amount of flux is transferred through the mtj in both cases. b . l. jackson, b. rajendran, g . s. corrado, g . s. corrado, g . . bone, g . . hobaroux, c . t . rettner, a . padilla, et al. ;  - nano-scale electronic synapses on () nano-size silicon, ' (ieeeeee International , ' ieeeeeee International Journal on ' ieeeee', pp. 431438, eeee international meeting on ' em-'. ' acm journal on emerging technologies in computing (Vie)' (n. ), pp. 431438. - cf . - fert, f . fert, f . petroff, p. etienne, g. creuzet, a. friederich, j . chazelas, , , , , , , , , ,  , -es,  , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , - H - noguchi , - K - ikegami , - K - kushida, - k - abe, - takaya, - takaya, - takaya, - shimomura, - j - ito, - h -hara, et al. - 'State circuits in the Solid State (isscc) - 'State circuits in the Solid State (isscc) , pp. 591595 , 2011 . - r yang, k. terabe, y. yao, t. tsuruoka, t. hasegawa, t. tsuruoka, t. hasegawa, j. gimzewski, and m. aono - ' Memory and synapses of a nanoionic device are enhanced by the principle of atomic switch operation,' - 'Nanotechnology - '24 , no. 39 , pp. -