One of the most interesting topics in quantum physics recently has been the characterization of the universal properties of many-body system in the unitary regime. Our motivation also comes from recent experiments of atoms interacting with van der Waals fusion . our motivation also comes from recent experiments of atoms interacting with van der Waals fusion fusion. For weakly interacting with dilute bose gas the gas-like state becomes unstable as xmath1 increases . . . while the recent experimental observation of efimov phenomena in ultracold gases has a great interest in the study of universality in small body quantum systems . . . but the extension of efimov physics for a large system (xcite) is difficult. In this work we consider small-body silicates interacting with van der Waals . . . Although the efimov character and ultracold behaviour of fermi gas is well understood, the exhaustive study of large-body systems is still not enough. The efimov effect in small-body quantum systems - xcite , the scattering length of the two bodies is much larger than the range of the interaction . in this state a series of weakly bound and spatially extended states of efimov character appear in the system. however, the efimov effect in large-body quantum systems has been widely studied, but the extension of efimov physics to larger-body system (@xcite) is not easy . . . . is the shape-dependent van der Waals potential . . . . that is, a perceptible potential with a short-range threatening core and a long-range attractive tail. . . . so that our study will be able to find the universal behaviour of a three-dimensional bosonic cluster in close proximity of the unitary. . . . we have already successfully applied phem to study various properties of the gaseous bose Einstein condensate xcite and atomic clusters xcite. In our previous works, we have discussed the phem method in detail . . . In our earlier works xcite, we describe the method in detail. we decompose the motion of the many-body system to the motion of the center of mass, where the center of mass coordinate is xcite, and the relative motion of the atoms in the center of mass. Here, xcite is the hamiltonian of the system, and xmath11 is the position vector of the first particle. . . . iii talks about the hamiltonian and numerical calculations , iv discuss the results and show the signature of universal clusters with efimov character . . . in a sentence . . . , it is a function of two-body separation (as well as the global and local), and therefore the physical picture for a given faddeev component is that two particles interact with one another, and the rest of the particles behave as spectators, and therefore the effect of two-body correlation is brought by the two-body interaction in the expansion basis. Since the total wave function xmath25 is a function of two-body separation (as well as a function of global xmath30), it is necessary to note that xmath28 is symmetric with the exchange operator xmath32 for bosonic atoms and satisfy the faddeev equation Xmath33   p r   ij      p  p p  p  p p a  p a a p p a p   p p p v   p p p p p p  p p  p  k  k  p p n  p p  phi  p  p  p p mse , p p p k  p p  p p p n  p eq. faddeev. (as if, for the xmath18 non-interacting pair @ xmath54 and for the interacting pair @ xmath55, ____ ___ ; we have the following expression: _xmath48 ___ is the sum of _the maximum _hypersquares_ in the _xmath_-dimensional space corresponding to the _xmath_26 interacting pair, and _xmath__ is the sum of _next_ _. The '1' -j' is the sum of the zero element in the _xmath_ dimension spanned by the _xmath_-jacobi vector ; _xmath_46 is the sum of the hyperangles between the _xmath_-th jacobi vector _xmath_ and the hyperradius _xmath_, and is given by _xmath_49 . This equation, which was modified by the '3' -Schrdinger equation, is reduced by four dimensions with the relevant set of quantum numbers: energy , angular momentum, xmath58, azimuthal quantum number _xmath8 , and grand orbital quantum number _xmath60 for all _xmath_0. Then, the '8 ' (eq . faddeev) is multiplied in the ' potential harmonics' (ph), that is, a subset of the hyperspherical harmonics (hh), which is sufficient for the it was already pointed out that the universal properties of ultracold dilute atomic gas in the unitary regime were characterised by the two-body scattering length, xmath1, which was tuned to very large values by using the feshbach resonance. The connection strength of sufficiently dilute atomic cloud was determined by a single parameter, the xmath71 - wave truncation. However, in our present study, we consider the van der Waals potential, defined by two parameters: the cutoff radius of the repulsive hard core @ xmath72 and the strength of the long tail @ xmath73 .  d= p  tv - a p d= a p a - a potential matrix element @ xmath68 is given by @ xmath69 , and the minimum correlation function @ xmath70 , which we will not use as a measure of math73 , as explained in ref. ; we have already said that the universal properties of ultracold dilute atomic gas in the unitary sphere are characterized by the two-body polarization factor @ xmath1 tuned to very large values by the feshbach resonance. , the interaction strength of the sufficiently thin atomic cloud is governed by a single parameter - the polarization factor @ xmath72. “2 In Fig. 4] , we plot the number of energy-dependent scattering lengths, from the point of zero to the point of zero, as a function of xmath72 . At each discontinuity, a new node in the two-body wave function appears which corresponds to an additional two-body bound state . . . however, in our present study, we determine the node at xmath72 to be zero node at xmath72 . . . . we impose the constraint only to prevent the formation of molecules , otherwise, when xmath72 increases, the rate of three-body collisions will increase, which in itself depletes the density by forming molecules. . . . . “At Xmath87 or Xmath88 , infinitely many three-body states with smaller binding energies and larger radiuses appear. The radii of efimov states at Xmath91 as a function of Xmath90 is shown in Fig. [Fig.], excited, and in Fig. [Fig.], excited, we observe that the spatial distribution of efimov states is far larger than the interstitial spacing, and the proportion of r. m. s. radii of efimov states is well illustrated by the exponential function of xmath90, @xmath98 , @xmath92 , [/Machinery], where the fitted parameters are: math99 , math95 , math97 , math97 , math 103 , math103 , math100 = 0 , math103 = 0 , math103 = 0 , math103   , math This means that the intensity of the bubbles is extreme, like a cloud, as it has been observed earlier in the field. It is already known that, though the universal behaviour of the atoms is well understood, much less is known about the larger systems. Xcite . . . There is the fig. tjon, which gives us the approximately linear correlation of the energies of three and four nucleon systems. The earlier studies in this area, for instance, focus mainly on the tjon line, which refers to the nearly linear correlation between the energies of three and four nucleon systems. The equation in Fig. tjon presents the energy ratio of Xmath110 by xmath111 for various cluster sizes xmath0 = 4 , 5 , 6 . Nevertheless, we do not observe any structure in the correlation function. - at xmath109, we add the ratio of Xmath110 by xmath110 by xmath107, where xmath108 is the many-body wave function, and the integral over the volume excludes integration of xmath105 . The theoretical study of three-dimensional bosonic clusters with more than three particles is also difficult and the numerical investigation of @xmath24 becomes complicated. In the present study we use the two-body correlation as the basis for the study of the anatomies of  xmath. It follows that the cluster is weakly bound because the kinetic and potential energy is almost cancelling. (b) c c c  c  c  c  c   c   c   c   c   c  c   ,  c      -  c  c   - c   - c  - a 'parallel ti-body' which is weakly interacting, and as kinetic and potential energy nearly cancel each other, the a weakly interacting cluster behaves like a single quantum thing. The theoretical study of three-dimensional bosonic clusters with more than three particles is also a challenging subject, and the numerical treatment of this is a little complicated with xmath24. The calculation of the energy spectrum of the cluster with @ -math-0 atoms at -math-0 shows that the same, kinetic and potential energy almost cancels.