The visionary who first proposed to encode a binary form of information with the spinpolarization of an electron has never been able to confirm this. This has been disputed and is the subject of the following legends. . . . - To encode information in spin has certain advantages . . . the movement of charges is accomplished by a potential gradient (or electric field) which ultimately dissipates as heat and irretrievably lost. Besides, it may be possible that the movement of charges can be faster. In charge-based devices, such as the cation-sensitive semiconductor ferromagnet, switching between 0 and 0 is accomplished by moving charges into and out of the ferromagnet, the motion of charges is induced by creating a potential gradient (or electric field) which, when its energy is released, is reduced to heat and irretrievably lost. in the case of spin, there is no need to move charges. In the case of spin, the only thing required is the 'move' of charges; in the case of spin, there is no need to move charges; if you move the charge you will not have to move charges , you will not have to move the charges; instead, you will have to switch the spin. The system is illustrated in fig. - if the magnetic field is directed in the direction of z, then the diagonalizing of the above hamiltonian yields the eigenspinors (0, 0), which are + and - polarized spins. Therefore, the spin orientation is a binary variable; it is parallel or anti-parallel to the applied magnetic field. Furthermore, the two edged dots of fig. 1 (a) serve as input ports to a logic gate, and the middle line serves as output ports. So we will call up the upspin state the "upspin" state. We will consider the two edged dots in fig. 1 (a) as input ports to the logic gate, and the middle dot as output port. therefore, the spin orientation is a binary variable, it is parallel or anti-parallel to the applied magnetic field. We can merely assume that the tendency to maintain this anti-parallel order is stronger than the tendency to align all spins on the magnetic field. Suppose that there is exchange between two electrons with two different potentials (like two different quantum dots) and the anti-ferromagnetic or singlet (i.e., two neighboring spins are anti-parallel), the anti-ferromagnetic or singlet (two spins are parallel) is preferred over the ferromagnetic or triplet (two spins are parallel) Then, if the system remains in the state of Fig. 1 (b), it will eventually die to fig. 1 (a) , according to the laws of thermodynamics. Fig. 1 (a) and fig. 1 (b) are separated by an energy barrier, which is a long-lived metastable state. so long as the input bit rate is high enough, the inputs change more rapidly than the time it takes for the metastable state to decay to the global ground state of Fig. 1 (a), we need not worry about this. if the spins are flipping one after the other (which is extremely unlikely) , then in order to reach fig. 1 (b) one must pass through a state where two adjacent spins are parallel to the magnetic field. thus, if one of the inputs is logic 1, and the other is logic 0 as shown in fig. 1 (c), what is the result? it turns out that logic 1 is preferred, since, for all other things being equal, a spin prefers to be parallel to the magnetic field, rather than anti-parallel. Finally, if one of the inputs is logic 1, and the other is logic 0 as shown in fig. 1 (c), then it is a very long time, because of three reasons. Firstly, if the system must emit some energy for decay, then it must be some phonon, but in quantum dots phonons are suppressed by a phonon bottleneck, and secondly, phonons are not easily coupleable to spins without the presence of a strongly pyroelectric material . , in a separate remark X, a single not- gate is the simplest of the three devices; it is based on two interacting spins, one of which is the input, the other on the output. because of the anti-ferromagnetic order of the alternating spins, the output is always the same logic complement of the input. Nevertheless, this cannot be. In the remark X, we will now describe three inverters in series. The first inverter is logic 1 and the second is logic 0 as it should be. The second spin from the left finds its left neighbor asks it to flip (because of the exchange interaction which enforcibly corrects the anti-ferromagnetic order of two neighboring spins), while the right neighbor asks it to stay fixed, because of the same exchange interaction. *** *** in ... 2 (b) illustrates the corresponding spintronic realization. The following section will explain this problem in more detail. The real problem is that the exchange process is a bidirectional one and that the output of the logic device is _unidirectional_. The system of logic signal propagation under this situation is inefficiently thermally induced random walk, and if the final state is reached it can be destroyed by thermal fluctuations. In this case, we aim to enforce unidirectionality with the input signal (note that the input device actually breaks the symmetry of the system in Fig. 2 (c)). This approach was studied theoretically in Fig. xcite and it was found that it does not always work. Moreover, the logic signal propagation in this case is inefficiently thermally assisted random walk, and the final state, if reached, is destroyed by thermal fluctuations. in Fig. xcite, this possibility was used implicitly in the experiment of ref. xcite. For instance, we may claim that if we hold the input (leftmost cell in fig. 2 (c) to logic 0 and do not let go of it, then the second cell, equally likely to follow its left neighbor and right neighbor, would have no other option but to follow its left neighbor since it is adamant and persistent (we are not letting go of the input) and will be unable to let go of the input. in this case, we seek to enforce unidirectionality by the input signal itself (note that the input signal breaks the inversion symmetry in fig. 2 (c) ) , then the second cell, which will follow its left neighbor and right neighbor, will have to decide on a trajectory with the left neighbor, because it is persistent and persistent (we do not let go of the input) This was brought about by the realization that there is no inherent unidirectionality in charge coupled devices (ccds), and charge is made to pass from one device to another unidirectionally. a simple clock would not work in this case. Therefore, we chose a more elegant solution. First, we placed pad pads on the barrier between the neighboring cells. Initially, all the barriers were high and opaque, so that there was no overlap between the wavefunctions of the two adjacent electrons, and therefore there was no exchange interaction between the two spins. This was made possible by clocking —common sense would dictate that it should be done. However, a quick examination revealed that normal clocking was not possible in our case. So, we put pad pads on the barrier between the neighboring cells. First, we lift the first barrier up, and then lower the second by putting a positive potential on gate 2. Hence, either the third spin takes on the second position, or the second takes on the third position. This is how we can get the upper branch to be attained, but it is equally possible that the lower branch will result, as both branches follow the ant-ferromagnetic order of the two exchange-conducting cells (cells 2 and 3). The first three cells are in the correct polarity, as shown in fig. 2. Now we have lowered the first barrier by applying a positive potential to gate 1. , there are a number of chemistry steps that can help to make these devices work. However, this is not uncommon, for a charge-coupled device array also requires a multi-phase clock (push-clock, drop-clock), and this requires a large area for exchange between the cells, which requires a significant amount of energy dissipation, which completely negates the advantage of spins. – Let us suppose that we can make quantum dots of a density of 10  xmath13  xmath14 , we can in our own lab (and in many other laboratories) achieve this density . – and we will now assume that we can make quantum dots with a density of 10  xmath13  xmath14 , let us suppose that we can make these dots of 50 nm in our laboratory, which is more than 10  xmath13  . – the dark areas are the dots, the surrounding light areas are the barriers. – so far, we have discussed spin in classical irreversible logic gates . – these logic gates dissipate a minimum of  xmath12 energy per bit flip  xcite . – as for the polymorphic methods of electrochemical gates, they can, however, be rather expensive, because one must make gate pads between every two cells , the space between the cells must be between 5 nm and 5 nm, in order to give sufficient exchanges, we must align the gate pads to within a space of 5 nm . As for the heat from a chip, which was demonstrated more than two decades ago, removing 3 kw / xmath17 from a chip still represents a major challenge for heat sinking. In this regard, the notion of a single electron or a nuclear spin, as a way of coding a qubit and then using it as a way of establishing a universal quantum gate , has long been advanced. The main idea is that spin, if possible, can be employed to encode a qubit in the same way as a charge, then a 'split', which is consequently a 'split' qubit ' . The electrical and 'neutral' coherence times have been reported for the last five thousand years, and much higher coherence times for the nuclear spins in silicon. The scientists have recently demonstrated coherent transfer of electron spins between two adjacent quantum dots, coupled by molecules, to the synthesis of coherent waves. The reason for this is the realization that the coherence time of solids is much greater than the charge time. The saturating charge in semiconductors, by about 1 nsec, increases to a close of 1 nsec; this is likely due to the collision with the zero point of phonons, which can not be eliminated by lowering the temperature . therefore, it is obvious that spin is the preferred mode of transport. In this paper we have given a brief history of the single electron spin in computing. We have indicated where and why spin may be advantageous in implementing the techniques and systems discussed here. We have shown that spin can be used in the implementation of many devices and architectures. The difficult thing is that electrically read-out requires the contact of individual quantum dots, which is an engineering challenge. Moreover, optical read-out does not require any contact. The qubit is read out by a technique called quantum leaping, which requires the observation of the fluorescence of a quantum dot. (It has been proven by experiments that the spin state of an electron in a quantum dot is detectable by circularly polarized light. . . . . 3 , 411416 (1997) . . . s. bandyopadhyay and v.p. roychowdhury, Proceedings of the International Conference on Superlattices and Microstructures, liege, belgium, 1996.