The photo-nano-sphere cross-sections given by the Geant4 and Figure 4 describe all the energy that is produced in a given geant4 region from the threshold to the height of 450 mev. Similarly, the Resonant-Resonant-Resonant-Resonance region extends from the pion to 450 mev, the rope resonance region extends from 450 mev to 1400 mev, and the reggeon-peterson region up to 1400 mev. The cross-section of the Geant4 is composed of the sum of the components that determine the content of each energy region. The multispectral spectrum, defined in the geant, comprises five energy regions, each of which corresponds to the physical process in which it dominates. The giant dipole resonance region consists of two peaks; xmath14 the exponential describes the falling edge of the resonance, which is governed by the law of inverses; whereas the function xmath15 describes the rising edge of the resonance. The function xmath16 and xmath17 are the dependent parameters of xmath0, -the radius is a constant, by cutting off the exponential. The cross section in the gdr region can be expressed as the sum of two peaks; xmath14 the exponential describes the falling edge of the resonance which has power law behavior; the function xmath15 describes the rising edge of the resonance. The experimental data is not complete. @ xmath27 (for xmath4h it is 0 . 007 for xmath5h) , i.e. the sum of the yield of the @ xmath3 is proportional to xmath0; . . . __ xmath27 is 18 . 0 for xmath4h. ___ xmath28 is a proof that the pion threshold depends on @ xmath0 . . . ________________________, which shows that the pion threshold depends on @ xmath0. . . . the quasi-deuteron contribution is of equal strength to @ xmath37 in the quasi-deuteron region, but the contribution is very small for low-level nuclear material . . . “Ten angstroms for gamma-nuclear reactions are to be considered as generalized hadrons. The traditional hadrons are a particle defining certain quantum numbers and a fixed mass or width. But a quasmon is defined by its angstroms and mass, whereas the angstroms in a hung gas are massless and homogeneously distributed in the invariant phase space. The chips model adopts a set of simple rules for the calculation of the particle-scale behavior of atoms, and provides a simple kinematic basis for the hadronization of atoms into hadrons. Moreover, the angstroms and the angstroms are parametrized in terms of two exponentials, which describe the pomeron and the higher pomeron contributions: if we add more energy to the system, the number of constituent quarks remains constant. The critical temperature xmath51 is the principal parameter of the model, and this is the result of the experiments that are drawn up in ref. xcite. The only non-kinematic concept is the hypothesis of a critical temperature of the quasmon. the critical temperature xmath51 mev is the main parameter of the model, and for the sake of simplicity we will refer only to the solution of the vacuum problem and to the products published in the journals chips xcite, xcite. from the free quasmons the number of partons must be discovered. after a nucleon has been absorbed by a component parton, for example, an incident photon, for example, the newly formed quasmon has a total of 3949 mev, the number of which is calculated from a 'picture' of a system with mass 3949 Mev, 39for large massless particles we get the well-known 3959 result. for the purpose of the discussion, we will refer to the solution of the vacuum problem in this paper and refer for the solution of the decomposition of the 60. to the 5999 one, the statistical density of states is proportional to 55, and the probability of finding a system of 3939 [M] quarks in a state with mass 55 Mev is the mean value of @ xmath59 . It has an energy of xmath24 in the cms of the xmath63 quark. The spectrum is obtained by substituting xmath63 for xmath52 and xmath65 for xmath53 in eq. , q. . q. a mixture of two quark-partons gives a spectrum of xmath69. The kinetic fusion probability of any primary quark-parton with energy of xmath62 is then: xmath72; and by the function xmath73 - where you are able to separate and integrate over xmath24, you get : xmath72 or xmath75 after the substitution xmath77, which makes xmath77 where the limits of integration are xmath78, when xmath79, and xmath80 when xmath80. . . . . , the spectrum of the second quark - parton is derived from the equation - q - t. ; and then using eq - m n - n - 1 - we get xmath68, so that to make a hadron of mass xmath69, we apply the mass shell constraint for the outgoing hadron, xmath70, that is, xmath70 is the angle between the momenta k and the momenta q of the two quark-partons in the cms of xmath63 quarks. As an extra consideration in the kinematic selection of the two partons in the fusion process, the quantity of the quasmon and the spin of the final hadron are taken into account in determining the probability of a given type of hadron. For the calculations for xmath83 and xmath92 the factor xmath90 counts the spin states of a candidate hadron and xmath92 counts the number of ways that a candidate hadron can be formed from combinations of the quarks within the quasmon. In addition to the Kinematic selection of the two partons in the fusion process, the composition of the quasmon and the spin of the final hadron are taken into account to determine the probability that a given type of hadron will be made. Since only relative probabilities are necessary, general normalization can be dropped. Therefore, for the simultaneous formation of a mulit-ray and a proton, the standard quark wave functions of pions and kaons are used. For the simultaneous formation of a mulit-ray, the quark wave functions of X-math-9 and X-math 10 were used. For the simultaneous formation of a mulit-ray, the integer number X-math91 counts the spin states of a candidate mulit-ray, and the factor X-math-9 counts the number of ways the mulit-ray may be formed by combinations of the quarks in the mulit-ray. The equivalent of the factor X-math-9 is the number of ways the candidate mulit-ray may be formed by combinations of quarks within the mul d, but these reactions are not yet discussed in this part. E. fermi conceived the epa (epa) and was developed by c. weizsacker and e. williams — epa, in this respect, by l. landau and e. lifshitz — epa, by c. weizsacker and e. williams — epa, by l. landau and e. lifshitz — epa. In general, the differential cross section of the electro-nuclear interaction is written as @xmath102, where @xmath105 is a function of @xmath107, @xmath108, and @xmath106 for large @xmath106. The differential cross section of the electro-nuclear interaction can be explained by the equation @xmath107, which is a function of @xmath108, and @xmath106 for large @xmath108. As a general rule, the differential cross section of the electro-nuclear interaction is written as @xmath102, where @xmath103 is written as the product of @xmath105, i.e., the cross section of the horizontal radii is equal to @xmath111, and in the xmath111 region it is necessary to calculate the effective cross section of @xmath112 . . . . the equation of eq. ([neqhq] ] the dashed lines are integrals of low - xmath106 (under the dashed line in the first two figures), and the solid lines are integrals of high - xmath106 (above the dashed line in the first two figures) . . . . (a) = a -photon flux of the equivalent electrons (b) = a -photon flux of a -atom of a photon . . . a , b) is calculated for a -atom of a photon . . . in a rectangular form (c) and d) the photon flux of the atom in a rectangular form is multiplied by the cross section of the atom and a polygon in a rectangular form (discussed above). The total flux is calculated by eq. ( neqhq) ( dashed lines) and eq. ( diff) with the upper limit defined by eq. (q2max) ( dashed lines are visible only around the circles). The reduced cross section of virtual photons with large xmath106 is the result of two factors: the cross section of @ xmath106 is diminished by the squared dipole nucleon form—the factor @ xmath137; and the thresholds for the radical reactions of @ xmath137 are increased by a factor , which is the difference between the values of @ xmath138 and @ xmath148 . . . we draw separately the low xmath148 region, where @ xmath146 is dashed, and the high xmath146 region, where @ xmath150 is solid. The merged flux of electrons is formed by two factors: the first of which is the Q part, if you like. The second of which is the Q part, if you like, a matrix of axahedral hadrons. The second, if you like, of a dilution of $xmath140 with an average of xmath148. In this case, to get a better representation of the production of hadrons by electrons, it is necessary to have the Q part integrated over @ xmath151, and so that, for the sake of the giant dipole resonance, the Q part covers more than half of the Q part of the cross section. In the figure – 161 – 164 –  1221 – 155 – 156 –  157 the equivalent photon energy is obtained for a particular random number @ 172 – 164 – 165 – 164 – 163 – 163 – 173 – 163 the value of 161 – 164 – 164 – 163 – 163 – 163 – 163 – 163 – 163 – 163 – 173 – 161 , 447 – in Fig. –  (247) – 273 , 293 , 323 – 247 – 10252 , 38231 – 161 (the solid curve) is compared to eq. - (rq2hh) (the dashed curve) – (225) (24), where 32248 is the random number 363 – 315. – by using eq. (24) (solid line) the straight line corresponds to eq. (24), and the dashed line (which almost always coincides with the straight line) corresponds to eq. (24) – (24). The angular dependence of secondary protons in the photo-nuclear reaction is quite strong even at low energies (see, for instance, ref. ). The general purpose of the present paper is to show that the quark-exchange mechanism proposed by the chip model is not only capable of modelling the clustering of nucleons in nuclei and the hadronization of nuclear fragments in nuclei, but it is also capable of modelling the complex interactions of light and dark matter in nuclear matter. This is an elusive experimental fact that is difficult to explain in any model. Here the description of the quark-exchange diagrams is satisfactory, but the analyses were rather short, for the velocity of the secondary protons in the excitation of the photon was relatively low and the fragmentation process almost isotropic. In the example of the photo-nucleus reactivity described in the following comparisons, namely the description of the proton and deuteron spectra of the reactions at xmath178 mev, the assumption was that the excitation of the photon was constant and cyclic in the nucleus. The force of the excitations of the nucleus do not leave the nucleus because of the excess energy. The main idea of the present publication is to show that the quark-exchange mechanism of the chip model can not only model the clustering of nucleons in nuclei and the fusion of inter-nucleons into nuclear fragments, but also can model complicated interactions of photons and hadrons in the nuclear matter. Since the lightest photon (the least powerful at x-ray, and the smallest light-wave), the secondary protons, when the collision is analyzed in the quasmon is in the form of a quasi-free nucleon or a cluster of nucleons. It was noted earlier that the chip was able to produce not only quasi-free nucleons but also “super-free” fragments. the latter is represented in the lower part of the figure - Fig. - , the angular dependence is calculated by the exchange of quarks and partons - in Fig. - n the high-energy spectrum of quasmons, - in which the photon is absorbed by a pigmented particle (**222 in Fig. - Fig. ) , the second, shown in the lower part of Fig. - - if the angular dependence is calculated, then the photon is absorbed by a pigmented particle (**218 in Fig. - iv) and absorbs all the momentum of the pigmented particle, - thus the angular dependence is more probable. Moreover, the flux of the pigmented particle is almost isotropic ... the second is shown in the lower part of Fig. - - . The reaction of the photon and the first quark—parton is arranged in accordance with xmath198 in xmath198; and then the normal process of exchange begins, and the absorption-partons return to the first cluster. In the second case, for the interaction of the photon and the first quark—parton, randomized by equation (xmath198), enters the parent cluster at xmath193, and then the normal process of exchange continues, in which the recoiling quark—parton returns to the first cluster. xmath193 xmath194 m and m200 the angular distribution of m and m in the laboratory system (ls): m191 in the case of a virtual photon, equation (m) is written as m199 where m199 m is the momentum of the virtual photon. In the first case we assumed the same probability, but later, when more detailed data are available, this parameter can be adjusted. To account for the experimental conditions in the chips-generating-devices, we have chosen protons emitted in the forward direction with respect to the direction of the virtual photon and relative angle - xmath216. In a previous study, the experiments were conducted as a function of the missing energy. The second set of measurements, which we will use for the comparison, deals with secondary proton yields in xmath10c - xmath198 reactions, at 123 and 151 mev - xcite, which is still below the pion's threshold - as a result of the weakening energy. The angular dependence of the proton yield in the photon production in xmath13ca at xmath205 mev - is reproduced very well by the resulting values. Hence we present the data in figs - gam 123 and gam 151 and with the estimation of the integrable cross section, dependent on @xmath62 . The pair of experimental results and the results of the calculations show considerable strength in the axial part of the cross section up to the kinematic limit of the reaction. the kinetics of the kinetics and the experimental results are shown in Fig. - gam62iii , the angle of the excitations compared with photons at xmath205 and xmath214 is to be taken as a function of energy xmath203 , these results are not as visible as in the experimental results, but agree qualitatively. The circular distribution of protons was measured in parallel kinematics in the interaction of virtual photons with the energy xmath214 and momentum - a mustache in the form of a Lorentzian Etiquette , which is usually artificially covered by a lorentzian - . the figure of the transitions of protons in a regular mutagenesis is normal, and falls below the kinematic limit . the angular dependence of the proton yield in low-energy photo-nuclear reactions is explained in the theory of the chip - in the melting x-rays model and the chip-building model, and the main assumption of the theory is that a direct interaction of the photon with an asymptotic free quark in the nucleus, even at low energies , which in this way is necessary for a general explanation of the difference in the kinetic energy of the nucleus. the collapse of the nuclear shell or the homogeneous distribution of the evaporation of the nuclear evaporation can not explain the angular dependence of the angular apparatus at low energies. The angular dependence of the angular apparatus in photon-radiation in low-energy photon-radiation is described in the chip-model and the event-generator. The highest assumption in the description is the assumption of a direct interaction of the photon with an asymptotically free quark in the nucleus at low energies. In the typical fragmentation the spectrum of protons below xmath219 mev is normal, and falls down to the kinematic limit .