For the first year of regular operation of vlt, the i-band data were planned to be taken in two passes (v and i), and thus all the data collected here is more than 12 square degrees in diameter, so that two patches each surveying a single region of the sky, about six square miles in diameter, respectively. - This paper complements the previous work in this series (Nonino 1998; ii, prandoni 1998; iv) and completes the collection of data collected in the month of June 1997, from the eis observation at the NPT, in the form of the wide-field imager whose diameter is 21.7 m - this - of the highest magnitude, and which - see sheet v, iii, v, v - has shown that the main task of surveying patches c and d is to find and select at least distant clusters, in other words, the two patches a and b that have been reported (renzini and da costa 1997) and - therefore, to find and choose distant clusters with the following - xmath6 - the extrapolation of the data on the patches a and d, which covers 12 square degrees in total, thus giving 12 square degrees in total, in total, a total of 12 square degrees. Therefore, in order to produce the first list of distant clusters, which would, in addition to the two patches a and d, consist of separate regions of the sky, 6 square degrees each, the present work accompanies earlier articles in the series (nonino 1998, ii, prandoni 1998, iii), it was necessary to make the Now, I would like to introduce a simple study of the best observation that I have ever done in the course of several months, in the months of november (december for patch D) and January (december for patch D) in the months of March (ntt) and December of that year (for patch D), in which the Red Channel was being used, the Acertix 20,46 at xmath10, with a pixel size of 0 – 266 arcsec and a useful field of view of about xmath11 . . . . the red Channel was equipped with a tektronix 2046 chip with a pixel size of 0 – 266 arcsec and a useful field of view of about xmath11 . The matrix containing the xmath10 distributions abuts the observations of each patch. The composite data for patches c and d were collected over several months in the period november (december for patch d) and December (december for patch d) 1997 to march 1998. The graphs for the different patches show that the median, in each case, is sub-arcsec (and thus the largest), being between the sub-sections of the circular plateaus, which are largely covered by small-angle images. Compared with this figure is the limiso, which shows that in each of the patches the average, sub-arcsec, isophote is sub-arcsec, and only 25 % of the surface covered by the larger-than-one-and-a-half-arcsec, isophote, and the rectangular plateau is usually of about 1 arcsec. Some frames for patch c and most of the frames in patch d were observed with the new set-up of the ntt. in the months of june, 1998, a rearranging of the secondary mirror was carried out by the ntt team in order to eliminate the distortions seen in the upper half, particularly in the upper-right corner, of the emmi frames. a central consequence of this problem is that it causes a localized increase in the detection of low-surface brightness objects over a range of magnitudes (usually @ xmath19), which can have a significant effect on the cluster detection algorithm (Arso de Vido, eis, eis, eis ). - In the last three runs (january-March) there were also observed faint (at the level of the background noise) linear features, aligned on the east-west angle (opposed to the readout axis) with moderately bright stars, located in the lower half of the ccd, which had never been seen before. The reason for these faint features is still not clear, but is probably the electronic operation of the old-fashioned ccd-controll device, if it is operated in a dual-port readout mode. these light trails are randomly occurring in the patch, and there is no apparent way of removing them a priori. this is particularly important for images that have been observed in good viewing conditions. , this gives a true zero-point based on a simple zero-point offset determined from the common zero-point of all objects observed in the photographic conditions. Comparison with external data shows that the photographic measurements are equal to the average for the entire patch. Comparison of these statistics with the ones presented in papers i and ii, clearly shows that the data for patches c and d are of superior quality, with a much greater fraction of frames taken under photometric conditions. In order to check the precision of the measurement and the uniformity of the zero-points, the black boards from the study of eis (Epchtein 1996) crossed the surveyed area, the regions of overlap of these boards are shown in figure [fig] (Fig.]: that is, there are five blackboards crossing the surveyed area, and two blackboards crossing the surveyed area. The results are shown in figure [fig]. In order to verify the accuracy of the zero-point, strips of the denis survey (Epchtein 1996) which cross the surveyed area are compared with each other in the regions of overlap, as in figure [fig] [fig], which show that there are five blackboards crossing the surveyed area, and two darkboards crossing the surveyed area. the thickness of the contrast can be made by a simple zero-point straying from the common zero-point of all objects observed in photometric conditions. The order in which the overlap is compared is relatively small, because of the saturation of objects in eis (see xmath11) and the narrow-focus limit of denis (see xmath22). I have to give a satisfactory judgment of the measurement of stars and galaxies, which I have derived from the co-insertion of images taken from a reference frame taken periodically during the observation of a patch. The measured objects are identified by a variety of criteria which are the same as those used in the earlier papers of the series. These criteria are based on the same parameters as in the previous papers of the series, and they are shown in Figures Figs Figs Figs Figs Figs Figs Figs Figs Figs Figs and Figs Figs, and in every case from a distance of 295 25 km, the completeness of which is about 0 .5 mag. In order to test the data, the general properties of the extracted objects are compared with the model predictions and the other data Figs. Note that in the case of patches c and d, the zonal distribution of stars and galaxies is remarkably homogeneous, and in a way much better than those of the previous patches, due to the much better observing conditions. This is due to the electronic problem mentioned above, and it is not easy to correct it at the image level. There is one minor problem with the maps of the stars and galaxies in the regions of figs figs and figs, and this is clearly visible at a high resolution (see eis release page). In order to determine the depth of the sample, the measurements of the c and d patches are compared with the ones of the previous patches in figure – Fig. – gal-counts. The model is given as a guide to evaluate the data. There is, as can be seen, good agreement at bright xmaths (-mu) but the counts are exceedingly dim at – mu – 265 –259 – even if the excess is not due to misclassified galaxies, it may be better to use a higher stellar count. Furthermore, it is possible that the model overestimates the contribution of the thick disk, which makes a significant contribution in the dimmer – 259 - however, at these dimmer – 259 – the dispersal of galaxies is quite possible at – 259 – the most intensive degree of maturity, that is, if the numbers are taken to be low enough, the consequent collapse of the count is considerable. It is important to note that the calculation of the galaxy counts in patches c and d is based on the data collected from previous patches in figure – fig. – p. – p. – p. – p. – the plot is also shown in figure – p. – p. – p. – p. – it is shown in figure – p. – p. – p. – p. – it is shown in figure – p. – p. – p. – p. – p. – p. – P The value of the ratio for the two-point angular correlation function is as follows: a unitary angular correlation function is found at xmath33, and such deviations from xmath33 are especially striking at very dim xmath33. one can examine the uniformity of the catalogues in the form of the two-point angular correlation function, which is Xmath33, as deviations from the standard do not only affect the angular correlation function, but also at extremely dim xmath33. In the case of patch b, the results refer to the sample of the galaxy collected after removing the background cluster (see sheet iii) . Note that the estimation of the "flaw" results for the two-point angular correlation function is carried out in both patches, with the estimation of the "flaw" from the combined images, which should enable it to reach a depth of about 0 .5 mag. Note that the figure w: F-f-f-f-f-f-ff: f-f-f-f-f-f-f, derived from the estimated area of patch d and of patch c, using the "f-f-f-f-f-f-f" and "xmath-f-f" for both sexes. Thus, the whole area of patch d and the whole area of patch d is computed by the estimation of the angular correlation function by a power-law "xmath-f-f-f-f-f-f-f" at xmath-f-f-f-f-f-f. for example, in the area of patch b It is interesting to note that even though a single law with a slope between 0 - 7 is acceptable for the angular correlation of all values, there is some indication that for fainter samples (@ xmath) the angular correlation is better represented by two distinct law. At last, note that although a single power law with a slope of 0 - 7 gives a reasonable solution for the correlation computed in all magnitudes, it is possible that for the smaller samples (@ xmath37) the angular correlation may be better represented by two distinct power laws . these results indicate that the eis gyroscopes are spatially uniform and make an independent set independent of the patches, and yield reliable results. One year after the first observations, the entire eis gyroscope is now public, in the form of astrometric and photometrically calibrated pixel maps and object catalogs derived from individual images, and together with the science archive group, a complete e-file of the data is maintained, containing a complete database. The eis gyroscopes are about 6000, totaling 96 gb of raw data, and over 200 gb of reduced and derived images. the results are consistent with previous claims by campos ( 1995), and by neuschaefer and windhorst ( 1995) using smaller samples, and more recently by postman ( 1998) with a sample of a similar size as eis, but covering only a single contiguous area. As expected, eis-wide has provided large samples (over 200 samples) of distant clusters of galaxies (Olsen 1998a, b, scodeggio 1998) and potential sources of interesting subjects (Zaggia 1998). The results presented so far demonstrate the value of a public survey that provides the public with the basic data and tools necessary to prepare follow-up observations with 8 m class telescopes. The data from the different patches seem rather homogeneous, as is confirmed by the measurement of the angular two-point correlation function, which is sensitive to large-scale variations in a patch or to the relative offset of the metric zero-points in the different patches. while the co-supplied data will be available as soon as the proposals for the vlt are submitted. as expected, eis-wide has produced large samples (up to over 200 candidates) of distant clusters of galaxies (olsen 1998a, b, scodeggio 1998), and also of interesting and interesting points (zaggia 1998). Besides, the data obtained by the eis-wide field are as large and as deep as the field is, which is already a natural goal of eis-wide . so far, the results so far show the value of a public survey providing the public at large with the basic data and the tools necessary for the preparation of follow-up observations at the 8 m class telescopes. The results of the co-linked images will be available before the proposal deadline. The Department of Education and Research (Division d’Arterie) , the Education Ministry and the Center for Research and Development (Fapesp), and the Russian otka grant f - 4239 and f - 013990, and the eso c & ee grant a-03-046. Finally, we would like to thank eso s director general riccardo giacconi for his excellent scientific contributions, support, and dedication to this project. In germany, by the state of baden-wurttemberg, by the dgicyt, in italy by the consiglio nazionale delle richerche, by the austrian fonds zur frderung der wissenschaftlichen forschung und bundesministerium fr wissenschaft und forschung, in brazil by the state of so paulo (fapesp), and by the hungarian otka grants F-4239 and F- 013990, and by the eso c and ee grant e-056