In the last 70 years, there have been several attempts to model the movement of polymer chains with brownian dynamics, which have recently been used as a model for dna filaments. In this study, we have developed the rouse model, which is a bead-spring model, with beads connected by springs. The only forces applied to beads are spring forces from adjacent springs, as well as gaussian noise. A few models are used, for example, the zimm model, which introduces hydrodynamic forces between beads, or bending potentials can be introduced to form a wormlike chain, and give a notion of persistence length xcite , for example, the following review article xcite or books xcite on this subject. In this paper we use the rouse model for the analysis because of its easy mathematical tractability and small computational burden. In some applications a modeller wishes to investigate a relatively small part of the complex system. in this case it is often possible to use a hybrid model that is more accurate in the region in question and, by pairing it with a model that is more computationally efficient in the rest of the simulated domain ... In this paper we use the rouse model, which is a dna rouse model, and is coupled with a model which is more computationally efficient in the rest of the simulated domain ... The first and most basic description of this rouse model is: the bipolar is a bead-spring model, where the continuous filament is modelled on a mesoscopic scale, and contains only spring forces, and also gaussian noise. As the nanometer-scale model of protein binding, there are various different dimensions to which the cytochronologists have included the fold , which in turn can be folded into a chromatin fibre, which can be spiraled up until it is condensed to the level of the whole chromosome. But if we combine the refinement of the rouse model with a more detailed model of the nucleosomes surrounding the binding protein, such a hybrid model can be used to study the effects of micrometer-scale measurements on the cytoskeleton on spatial and temporal scales. The folding of dna occurs on several scales. On a microscopic scale dna is wrapped around histone proteins and forms the nucleosomes. On a microscale dna is wrapped around histone proteins to form the nucleosome. This folding of dna decreases the space taken up by dna, which is essential for various processes, such as transcription. Here, in the smallest form of chromatin, many dna-areas are not accessible for vital reactions, such as gene expression. , which may be overcome by the cell by distributing targeted dna segments at the surface of condensed domains, so that the transcription factors are able to find expressed genes without musing about those dna-areas. But when one employs this multi-scale approach, it is necessary to understand the error from involving the less accurate model in the hybrid model and how the accuracy of the method depends on the parameters. The rest of the paper is organized as follows: As a consequence, we formulate the evolution equation for this model to be a system of stochastic differential equations (Sdes). In the formulation of this model we define the emergence equation for the model, as a system of stochastic differential equations (Sdes). As a result, we develop a method of increasing the resolution of the sections on the fly, by means of the Metropolis Hastings algorithm. , we study a multi-scale dna bind- model. We expand the classical rouse-bind-spring polymer model to include beads of different sizes and springs of different springs. xcite-branch, we expand the models to include beads of varying sizes and springs with variable spring constants. The position of xmath7 in the positions of beads is determined by the system of sdes (for xmath3). xmath9 is the viscosity of the solvent, xmath12 is the screw-fusing process, and the results of this analysis are interpreted by illustrative computer simulations.  xcite-branch, a system of reassembly, contains beads of variable sizes and springs of variable spring constants. , we will also introduce a discretized version of this model in the algorithm [Astigmater] that will be useful in sections [4] and [5], where we use the multi-resolution bead-spring model, to develop and compare multi-scale models of dna dna dynamics. a rouse model (sderouse) is presented in the literature as xmath31. The whole range of rouses (sderouse) is explained with the greatest degree of detail by considering smaller beads and springs with larger spring constants (or equivalently smaller kuhn lengths) . the simplest and simplest method for the enumeration of xmath32 is the euler-maruyama method, which takes the finite step of xmath36 and calculates the position vector xmath32 of the xmath32-th bead, xmath38, at discretised time xmath40 by xmath40 for xmath41 , where xmath42 is a random variable with zero mean and unit variance (i.e., i.e., xmath36 is a random variable with zero mean and unit variance (i.e., figmrbeadspring). , we outlined in detail an improved multi-function polymer for xmath22. The scaling of different parameters in definition [defmrbs] was chosen so that we could rephrase the classical rouse model at xcite if we assumed xmath25 and xmath26. Then, equation (sdedef) simplifies to xmath27, where xmath28, xmath28, and we again define xmath20 and xmath30 in equations for alternating beads. , for , for , , for , let the time of the inner beads connected to two springs be added to the time of the first bead, the second bead, and the third bead to be a timestep of xmath20 . , if xmath20 is the same as xmath20, it is easy to derive the following result. , consider a polymer of size xmath1 with xmath59, xmath60, xmath60, xmath60, xmath61, xmath61, xmath60, and xmath61, a time step for xmath20 . The time step for xmath20 is equal to xmath60, and the time step for xmath20 is equal to xmath36, i.e. , Xmath16, Xmath20, - xmath20, lin - Mln in Xmath20, - v2Summa , lin, samn, mn5ph, - -mnin, - at xmath20, - mno -, - update positions of the internal beads, connected to two springs: - update the first bead: - update the second bead: - 5 = 23"" , - xmath42, I’ll explain. In the simplest terms, we use the function of the self-conductor and the root mean squared (rms) end-to-end distance as two statistics that we need to be consistent with our system, which can be ensured by varying the radius and the number of beads. If we consider each beads to have the same density, then the mass of each bead will be proportional to its volume, i.e. to xmath72 . The self-conductor and the root mean squared (rms) end-to-end distance (also called the rms) are two statistics that we must maintain, if the expected value of the statistic is invariant with the resolution regime of the filament. However, in the definition (eq: com) we have referred to the weights of xmath2 instead of xmath73 because beads are not physical beads, like nucleotides, i.e. xmath72. This result explains the counter-intuitive scaling of the equation (eq: com) with xmath2 . To achieve this we will set up a general multi-dimensional, bead-sprung polymer, a size of xmath 1 and a set of time-steps associated with each spring. In this case the equation — eq — rousediff — is given by a statement by a treasury of our numerical code . Let us consider a treasury of xmath 1 and a set of time-steppings associated with each spring satisfying the assumption of definitions xmath78 and xmath78. In the next case, we extend the result (eq — rousediff ) to a general multi-parameter spring model . The sum of normally distributed random variables is again normally distributed. Let us consider a multi-dimensional bead-spring polymer of size xmath , satisfying the assumptions of xmath 77 , and then Xmath – 10 – 12 , with the assumption of xmath77 – 14 – we find Xmath – 10 – 12 – the denotation is – 13446103128202344151510252615212234101020141020305242335252 (denoted – dgdef – ) the result is given in the following lemma. The method (eq. sdc) is a generalization of the equation (eq. rousediff) for the rouse model. But the linear vectors corresponding to different spatial dimensions are not coupled. - xmath113 the stationary covariance matrix defined by xmath113 is the solution of lyapunov's equation xcite xmath114, - we can easily check that the unique solution of this equation is a diagonal matrix of xmath115, with diagonal elements @ xmath116, - xmath117 and multiplied by 3 (the number of coordinates) - we obtain ([rmsbond] ) . lemma [lmdg] is a property of algorithm - algoneiter, but the same result, the equation - eq: sdc , also holds when we calculate the self-distance coefficient of the sde formulation of the multi-resolution nasar ([rgequation] ) . on the other hand, lemma [lmdg] describes the property of the sde formulation ([lmdg] . Then let us divide the polymer into @xmath122 regions containing @xmath123, @xmath124, corresponding springs, i.e., @xmath125, the first region contains springs indexed by @xmath126, and the second region, @xmath127, contains springs indexed by @xmath128 , so that in the first region there are springs indexed by @xmath126, and in the second region, @xmath127, there are springs indexed by @xmath127. Thus, we are to consider that the bead radius of beads at the region boundaries of springs kuhn lengths kuhn lengths kuhn lengths kuhn lengths kuhn lengths kuhn lengths kuhn lengths kuhn lengths kuhn length - knf and knf in the same knf lengths knf. , bead radius, zhnf, and - math-41 = a plurality of arithmetic resolution xmath129, where xmath130 or xmath131, for xmath131, and xmath132 for xmath133, with at least one resolution, knf , that is, xmath-133, which is the region with the best detail. if the specification of the gauge is to be derived from the measured gauge, and the size of the gauge, according to the particular property of the balance, to be measured in accordance with the specification of the gauge, for the gauge, it is necessary to look at the stability of the model @ xcite. And so we consider the accuracy of the model’s equations at the resolutions Xmath129, Xmath124. The choice of timesteps is made sufficiently small so that solutions do not become exponentially large. In the following equations, according to a technique known as algoneiter, the absolute length of a filament consists of Xmath150. The interval is a measure of the constant length of the filament @ xmath133, which is invariable from resolution to resolution, by any number of resolutions Xmath129 and xmath124. We compute, for example, the number of calculations performed by the original single-scale model in the Xmath84 region. Suppose xmath36 is selected in the original fine-scale model, so that Xmath153 is small compared to the length of the filament @ xmath121, then the drift term of the omr model, given by ([str-str-str-str-str-str-str-str-str-str-str-str-str-str-str-str-str-str-str-str-str-str-str-str-str-st We show that the simulations of the omr method match the original one-scale rouse model. In this part, we show that simulations of the omr model agree with the original one-scale rouse model. For the detailed model, we choose the parameters: @ xmath160, where the length of the kuhn is chosen to be longer than the persistence length of dna @ xcite, and the other parameters are chosen arbitrarily. in the figure [fig.]: a probabilistic study of the binding of the protein to the filament, at different beginning distances, the model runs until the protein either binds or escapes from the filament. The corresponding parameters of the omr model system are given in table [tab.] [279] and we compare this to the analytic results of equations ([288]][29] and [29] [31], for the total distance of the filament from the end of the initial distance [31], and the others in the middle of the filament, in high resolution, and the rest in low resolution. In the remainder of this paper, we will use the parameters [29] [32] and the viscosity of water [31] [30] . " xmath167 - here, the protein has been started at xmath176 from the middle bead, and whose parameters are given in Table 7 - transcriptionparmas - omr, represented a 3 - times faster speed up than the detailed model, with a resolution of 3 - times higher. For the single-scale model (black points) and omr (blue lines), we consider a selection of starting distances at xmath172 m and xmath174 m, where error bars give a 95 % confidence interval based on the Wilson interval for binomial distributions in xcite , we examine the blue line in figure – [fig: transcriptionresults] . The model also succeeds in reducing computational time . In the present work, we extend the basics of filament modelling to several scales, by re-introducing a computationally efficient omr model, we test the omr model at points , @ xmath176 m, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, and t, if xmath174 m and t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t, t and t, t And we have observed a 3 – 2 - times increase in computational time in a model which considers only a 3 – times increase in resolution, which illustrates the use of the omr approach as a method to accelerate simulations while maintaining the same accuracy as the more computationally intensive single-scale model. When analyzing the dna binding model, note that it is possible to zoom in and out frequently, provided that the dynamics are such that a high resolution structure is generated without being associated with the previous structure (i.e., once we zoom out, the microscopic structure is completely forgotten). The omr model, we consider, is based on rewired dynamics, which is somewhat accurate, given its simplicity, but as we zoom in closer, we see that the dynamics are so good that it is possible to obtain a higher resolution (i.e., once the structure is completely forgotten) . (1 ) 1 - to obtain the same increase in computational time by omr, this illustrates the usefulness of the omr method in the simulation of dna and other biological polymers, which use the rewired model, for instance, for the simulation of chromatin, for example, and some dna-binding proteins act as long-term memory at a microscopic scale , but especially for chromatin, histone modification and some dna-binding proteins may act as long-term memory at a microscopic scale, for example, in the case of chromatin, histone modification, and some dna-binding proteins act as long-term memory at the microscopic scale (i.e., the i.e. , the wormlike chain model of kratky and porod, formulated by hagermann and zimm - a complete probability distribution for the angles between the beads. Then allison - a coherence model is applied to the static formulation, to give bending and stretching forces. to expand more realism, one can look at individual histones and consider the forces between them as in the model of rosa and everaers - that is, the lennard-jones and fene forces between the beads. , allison - then implements the Zimm model dynamics on top of the static formulation to give bending and stretching forces. We expect that such studies will connect with polymer-like models of the dna filament at a time and length that suits them. A variety of coarse brownian dynamics models can be estimated from molecular dynamics models either analytically or numerically - depending on the complexity of the molecular dynamics model - have been developed, for example, for chromatin (e.g., e.g., e.g.), also with transcription factors (e.g., e.g. ) - Multiscale models (e.g., with iterative coarse graining) and adaptive layers (e.g., for solvents) - have been developed , e.g., by integrating facilitated diffusion in a crowded environment , e.g. Since the clatter of the nucleosome is such that it contains the topological chromatin domains of living organisms, it has been determined to study the molecular structure of chromatin domains in living organisms. s. shinkai, t. nozaki, k. maeshima, and y. togashi ... “Research Report 0 ” (Patent 5) “The Journal of Immunology ,432 [29]], June 9, 2016, [30] p. 1101 , which has been taken as a base.