We think of a long-term cyclone of a kind, consisting of a White-Dwarf (dwarf) Primary (with mass @xmath2) and a Low-Mass Secondary (dwarf @xmath3), which fills its roche lobes and transfers mass to the dwarf through the inner lagrangian (dwarf) point. So we can conclude that there is an accumulation of systems (a surge) at @xmath9 where @xmath10 is a reflection of secular period derivatives, but this is not the case in the observed distribution. and the probability of finding a system in a given period range is proportional to the time taken to evolve through that region. the main features of the orbital period distribution of cvs with hydrogen-rich donors are the absence of systems in the 2–3 hour period (the so-called period gap) and the sharp cut-off of the distribution at 77 minutes, as shown in figure [3] (upper frame; e.g. ritter & kolb 1998) . So far, theoretical models have not been able to reproduce the precise position of this cut-off and the observed shape of the orbital period distribution at that cut-off. X-math16 The orbital am loss rate X-math16 of a cv can be summed up by two terms: sys+caml, where x-math17 is a systemic am loss rate, such as gravitational wave radiation, which is independent of the mass transfer, while x-math18 is an explicit function of the mass transfer rate. In this section we introduce our general assumptions, and introduce the prescription for caml. In particular, we investigate the effect of the cause of the occurrence of a consequence of the propagation of secondary mass, i.e., @ x-math15 (e.g. webbink 1985) . The position of the minimum period is therefore affected by the assumed mass transfer rate, and particularly by the assumed rate of orbital angular momentum (am) losses. In general, we consider the general case in which the caml mechanism, along with nova mass ejections, forces a fraction of the transferred mass to leave the system. in particular, we study the effect of the causal loss (caml) of the primary, which is not accounted for by the mass of the secondary. We estimate the number of masses that go to the secondary through loss of an axis that is symmetrically disposed on the wd center but perpendicular to the orbital plane. we obtain the percent of the mass that goes to the secondary that leaves the system , and thereby we define the fraction of the mass which leaves the system , that is to say, by means of an axis fixed on the wd center but perpendicular to the orbital plane. Some of these evolutionary sequences are the basis for the theoretical distribution of the theoretical period. for the calculation we used the stellar code of mazzitelli ( 1989) and adapted to the cvs of kolb & ritter ( 1992) . to be precise, the material carried away by the specific orbital angular momentum of the primary, and by the fraction ( @xmath24) of the loss. For our calculations, we use the approximation 1, +, 3,3 = . In this section we present a calculation of the long-term evolution of cvs, as they approach and exceed the minimum period. The maximum caml efficiency is still compatible with mass transfer stability. The system possesses, at first, cycles of high mass transfer rate @xmath36 (at xmath36 close to 0) and of very low mass transfer rate @xmath37. This upper limit is obvious: it implies the transfer of all the angular momentum of the transferred material. Although the ejected material may yield more angular momentum than it had been injected (such as a propeller system whose spin is increased by the wd), this does not affect the loss of orbital angular momentum. The maximum value of the caml efficiency which is still compatible with mass transfer stability could be insignificant. a steady state of Xmath30 is given in figure [fig][17]. The curve of @xmath30 versus @xmath32 for a marginally stable system (@xmath33, @xmath34, and @xmath35) is given in Figure [17][17][18]. At Xmath30, the maximum caml efficiency reaches a maximum of about 70 min for Xmath29. at around xmath40, @xmath30 will begin to decrease, but always remains positive, settling around xmath41. , the photospheric pressure scale height of the secondary (see e.g. ritter 1988) . Figure [1] Barraffe presents the effect on the minimum period and mass transfer rate for systems with various deformation factors, from one (no deformation) to one (beam) . this is somewhat larger than the intuitive expectation ()  = 1  =  = 1  . this is from the functional dependence of orbital time and the donor mass of the quadrupole formula (see e.g. Landau & lifschitz 1958) . although the quadrupole formula is strictly valid only when both components are point masses, rezzolla, ury & yoshida (2001) observed that the vacancy rate for the donor star was no more than a few percent compared to the point mass approximation. This was seen from the figure, with the deformation factor of 1 . 6 (i.e. no deformation) to an x . . 1 . . and d. . . * we note that patterson (2000) claims to have obtained observational evidence from observations . . . and that the general quadrupole formula is only valid if both the components are point masses , rezzolla, ury, yoshida (2001) found that the percentage of the distribution of the donor star from the point masses of the donor star was less than a few percent. The quadrupole formula is purely mathematical, since it is only valid for the point masses . . . although the formula is strictly quadrupole, the result is quite a k-s (kolmogorov-smirnov) test is insensitive to the differences between the parent distributions. The optimal period distribution of the model population is calculated for various assumptions of the evolutionary parameters . . . we started with a mathematical method of calculating the relative age of the species in various values of xmath54, where xmath54 is the square root of the mass fluxes at the minimum period for the species (of which we are concerned, of course, about xmath55). In order to extend the period distribution we began with an analytical method as follows: from the data of each swarm, we calculated xmath7, from the roche lobe condition, and xmath53 from the stationarity condition as in section maximum – see figure – combined – for an example of a fully extended swarm. As the swarms progress after the minimum period (typically at the point when xmath55 falls below xmath55) numerical fluctuations in xmath55 become so great that the henyei scheme no longer converges. We tested the relative distributions of the model population for various values of the free parameter xmath54 against the observed cv distribution . A k-s (kolmogorov-smirnov) test is insensitive to the difference between the parent and child distributions. The following figure shows the intermediate distributions of each evolutionary group, which correspond to the least value of .25 . . . The Xmath50 value equivalence is approximated by r_2 = r_ 0m_2 , where @ Moreover, we compared the measured variables with the measured variables @ xmath55 to the measured variables in the model. We thus found no significant difference between the two distributions. As a rule, we cannot preclude that the observed distributions are of the same parent. To test this, we compared the measured variables with the measured variables @ xmath55, giving the reduced @ xmath55 probability @ xmath55. Consequently, we find no significant difference between the two distributions. The following is to be noted as a proxy for the the measured distribution of non-magnetic and magnetic fractions (Figure [fig. 1] ]) and of the measured distribution of magnetic fractions (Figure [1] ): the amount of differences between the measured fractions, i.e., their difference in the period of time. Then the associated periodicity of the observed population (Figure [2] [3] , i.e., the upper part of the period, shows no significant difference. During the series of tests, which are carried out by the xmath55 test, the same estimates are obtained, and the deviation of these estimates is therefore, when compared with a parent distribution that is flat in xmath7 (also see the table, Tabcomb] [10], the expressions F and G, and the values of p = 0 . 739 and p = 0 . 781 , they are called "rejections." “As shown in the figure “Compliant with the One” the weighting required was a $xmath63 ” (the endowed cap for a parent based on a flat cell base) . This weighting is a mirror of the stiff, slanting sheets. in the case of the slanting sheets the fit was marginally better (@xmath63 versus @xmath64; a quarter of a minute binning, @xmath67) . . . this was probably because the upper limit of @ xmath31 does not permit a large enough range of @ xmath58 . However, such a parent population is incompatible with the observed distribution of longer periods . as can be seen from figure [fig. 7] . . . king et al. ( 2002) found that the range of the parameters is so high that the periods redoubled. Hence we can improve the accuracy of the fit by combining systems with the elastic coefficients to a value of 1 . . . ; but this does not affect the actual behaviour of the relative motion of the child . . . this of course must be surprising, for the two functions involved are obviously quite different. I'm considering as a consequence the pronounced feature at the upper limit of two hours of orbit is due to the adiabatic reaction of the stars of the donor as a result of the mass-transfer of the stars (see e.g. ritter & kolb 1992). A maximum of 10.5 mol/l is needed to produce a jump of @ xmath 45 minutes. This is not in the observed range. The loss of energy in a certain extent, as an appendix, is not sufficient to overcome the necessary jump. ; as the true population is likely to consist of systems with a range of caml losses, we expect that our distribution will be similar to that shown in figure (Fig.) (fig. - gsum1), would cover a similar range but with a lesser magnitude ; in addition, the additional am losses needed to eliminate the surge at xmath would cover the same range but with a smaller magnitude. even a maximally efficient consequential loss ( caml) can't increase the rise in leaping from the theoretical theoretical value of xmath0 to the observed value of xmath72 , and we considered the stars which were 'bloated' by intrinsic forces, as in the space-time calcination of roche-lobe-shaped stars. . . . In the case of non-magnetical and magnetic cvs, the very different values of @xmath9 (see figure [Figure] mnmcvs] show almost the same value (see Figure [Fig. 1] )) strongly indicates that the physical cause of the potential fading of the system might be in the donor stars or the evolution, not in the accretion physics or emission properties of the systems. Nevertheless, in all models with @xmath79 and above the initial period, the rejection probability is less than the average, because the densities in the range of mass will be increased by the whole mass spectrum, which will introduce an additional density of the period. There is also the possibility that systems die or fade before reaching the period-bubble, and hence become indistinct as cvs. Nevertheless, in the majority of the models with @xmath79 it is not possible to reject them without the rejection probability being in the clear. None of our synthesised models fits as well as the distribution which is just flat in orbital period (deficit probability : xmath79) , only models where the brighter systems have a much greater weight than expected in a simple magnitude-limited sample (electronicity factor of xmath79 with xmath80 rather than xmath81) are almost identical to each other in the detection of a scv. Some models with a large spread of the camlen efficiency are generally better suited to the model population of species derived from stars, which are subject to a wide range of intrinsic deformation factors. We have described, for the purpose of our discussion, the analysis of the period minimum and the period spike. It is possible to simulate a period distribution, where the period spike is sufficiently washed out so that it cannot be entirely ruled out without unambiguous reason by an objective statistician test based on the observed period distribution . . . , schenker & hameury (2002) developed a flat orbital period distribution by superimposing idealized pdfs which represent subpopulations of cvs with a fixed initial size and initial wd size, but with different bounce times. We thank graham wynn, andrew king, and isabelle baraffe for good discussions. We also thank andrew norton for a critical reading of the paper, and jean-marie hameury for good comments. We thank graham wynn, andrew king, and isabelle baraffe for helping with the statistical analysis.