The enhancement of the direct direct method for estimating the dynamical evolution of star clusters has been closely linked with the rise of computing power (Heggie 2011). In consequence, in many different ways the direct direct method has been used to predict the evolution of star clusters (gcs: vesperini & heggie 1997; baumgardt & makino 2003; zonoozi et al. 2001). Then, a group of computer-based models of globular clusters has been developed by means of scientific codes (Aarseth 1999; Aarseth 1999; Künsberg et al. 2001) . . . , the latter based on the model that is assumed to be a non-core particle; heggie & heggie 2008; these models have shown that clusters which were considered non-core can be converted into a transitional phase (Heggie et al. 2008). To this end, Monte Carlo (mc) models have proved to be effective in producing dynamical models of atoms (heggie et al., 2011) , and in the similar manner, the technology for the atom has become available, since the body function is at the lower end of the gc mass function (see aarseth 1999, heggie et al., 2001). Also, the deriving of this method are mutually agreeable. But we wanted to model the collapse of the core much more quickly than this time, and therefore a central pivot. This is what we aimed to do in this current paper. a good example of the smaller-body model is the study of star cluster evolution by giersz & heggie (1997), which applied a mass function, stellar evolution, and the tidal field of a point-mass galaxy, although starting with an "x" shape, not an "x" shape. Moreover, we had a necessity to build a model that showed a collapse-time of up to a "z" time, without destroying itself at that time. This work is referred to in this current paper. In section 2 we describe the construction of the model; and then in section 7 we present the results, divided into general characteristics (complexity of the cluster, structure), mass segregation, velocity distributions, and binaries (expressed in terms of fraction and binding energies) . the results are compared and compared with previous work. - In the case of our model, we use the nbody4 code (aarseth 1999) with grapes 6 board (makiko 2002) in the american museum of natural history . nbody4 uses the 4th-order hermite integration and the individual timestep algorithm to follow the orbits of the cluster members, and invokes regularization to analyze the internal evolution of small-body subsystems (see Fig. 1). In our simulations we assume that all stars are in the naive course of time, and that any residual gas from the formation process has been removed. In calculating xmath12 for the globular cluster ngc - xmath13, we assume that the concentration of the masses is zero. The radiances of the stars are given by the log-normal distribution suggested by eggleton, fitchett & tout (89), with a peak at xmath16au and a maximum at xmath17au. The element fractions for the single stars are taken from the initial mass function of kroupa, tout & gilmore (1999) between the mass limits of 0 and xmath14. In selecting a component mass from the mass ratio of the uniform distribution, we have taken this value. in setting xmath20 we have been guided by a desire to have the cluster lie between the core and core , which was figured in heggie 1975 . The validation of the binary fraction approach will be given in section 7 . in nbody4 we assume that all stars are in the normal sequence when the simulation begins, and that any residual gas that accumulated from the star formation process has been removed. the orbital separations of the primordial binaries were derived from the log-normal distribution proposed by eggleton, fitchett & tout ( 1989), with a peak of @ xmath16au and a maximum of @ xmath17au. A tidal field sets a tidal radius according to Xmath25 (where Xmath25 is the gravitational constant and Xmath27 the cluster mass) (Giersz and Heggie 1997) .. with these choices the k200 model was created with a tidal radius of xmath29, xmath30, and xmath31. The parameters of the stars and binaries were set up in the same manner as for the k200 model. a model of k100 orbiting at xmath34kpc (solid line) and a model of k100 orbiting at xmath33kpc ( dashed line) and a model of k100 orbiting at xmath34kpc (solid line), hurley et al. (2005). This is to avoid very large distances in the initial distribution. Stars were removed from the model when the distance from the density centre exceeded twice the tidal radius of the cluster. with this we chose the @xmath0 – body length scale, so that the outermost star of the model sits at xmath28 . this is to avoid the rare cases of long distances in the initial distribution. Much of the behavior of this model will be compared with that described by Hurley et al. (2008) for a model that started with @xmath33 single stars and @xmath3 binaries . At xmath4 gyr, we have an assumed size of about xmath8 stars, on the same Xmath4 gyr, as seen in figure [f] and a model that has an equivalent mass (of two differences) in xmath4 gyr). in f : fig. 1 our model derived from hurley et al. (2008) and show that the two models have the same mass (after taking a factor of two) ). Using this model, we see the similarity of the k200 model with the k100 model. The k200 model has a mass of xmath38, consisting of xmath38 single stars and xmath40 binaries. the radius of the core shows a deep minimum at xmath5gyr, which is the moment when the initial core-stricken phase is over. For comparison, we also show the evolution of the k100 model by Hurley et al. ( 2008) and see that the two model clusters have the same mass at xmath4gyr (after starting with a factor of two) . . . the steepness of the scale of mass age is the same as that of the k200 model and is not unlike that of the k100 model. The density of the k200 model is as follows: the half mass and the half mass are progressively increasing as a result of stellar evolution, mass loss of enormous stars is usually found in the outer regions of the cluster. This is a certain instance of how mass-loss rates and dissolution times are affected by the orbit of the galaxy (Marid e "In Figure 3f: Figure 2 (width = 317) the 'core radius' is the density radius, in the absorption of which we are now told to account for the half-mass radius and the 'tidal radius' for the absorption of the body, respectively, as is defined by heggie & giersz (2009). The absorption radius, *, as we have mentioned, is a half-mass radius, and the upper half-mass radius, for the absorption of the body (Aarseth 2003) . , we are also looking at the dynamical radius of the pyramids in the Monte Carlo model, which is calculated as 't2' where 't2' is the central velocity dispersion and 't4' is the central density, calculated from the outermost 20 stars. * Note that the absorption period, starting at the moment of collapse, is irregular, and that the radius of t2 will always be around 0 . 1 in which the population of the inner mass is located is t2 , and thus a good proximate of the average radius of t2 . 't4' (fig. 4), width= 317 . . . After a short while the hurley et al. (2008) found the same radius at the end of the core-debris, as did the k200 model, which had a radius of 15% of the core-debris. giersz & heggie (1997) noted that the ratio of 17%, in the third part of the beam-down and the fifth part of the beam-down, is closer to 17% of the beam-down. And so, with increasing 17%, the depth of the core-debris increases relative to the mass distribution. For the k100 model, the ratio of 17% evolves in a similar way to the 24% lagrangian radius (although it dips down to the 14% radius on occasion) and in the 55% models of giersz & heggie (1997) 17% of the beam-down. If we take a closer look at these larger-than-usual values, particularly at the age of half-mass-restriction, we find that the k200 and the k100 models are both quite well placed. However, in our model the depth of the core-down increase by a certain amount, compared with the distribution of the rest of the network. As you can see, the X-metrix has a characteristic mark: the rapid change in the behavior of the core at x-metrix, the last deep minimum, when the size of the core suddenly increases and the development of its mass gradually increases. This change is related to an interaction within the core between two bhs, which were originally of very high eccentricity and a long orbital period of x-metrix , and which, at x-metrix, had a shorter orbital period of x-metrix. The second binary was broken up and the two bhs rapidly ejected from the cluster (tidbits of x-metrix and x-metrix) . This second binary was broken, and the two bhs quickly ejected from the cluster (tidbits of x-metrix and x-metrix) . this bh-binary was in a strong interaction with a binary composed of two main sequence stars (at x-metrix and x-metrix) . This change was accompanied by a very strong interaction between a binary composed of two bhs , which consists of two main sequence stars (at x-metrix and x-metrix) . the second binary was broken-up, and the two main sequence stars were quickly ejected from the cluster (at x-metrix and x-metrix later with a velocity of x-metrix). If observed, the cluster would not have been a core collapse cluster. However, if there were a long-lived bh-bh binary, the ratios would have been significantly higher. Our model of milky-dark gcs, for example, exhibited a range of xmath79 values (harris 1996), with the most obvious core collapse examples being xmath80, but with xmath81 generally considered a high density cluster or a possible core collapse cluster (in mateo 1987) . The concentration parameter xmath78 is often estimated from the density of the clusters, king 1966 . therefore, it is planned in the near future to examine the model of globular clusters with Xmath8 in the density profile of the clusters, so as to properly calculate the concentration parameter, rather than using xmath8 in the calculation of the concentration parameter, as we did in our preliminary analysis . hurley ( 2007) found that the presence of a long-lived bh-bh binary in the core, with both bhs being of stellar mass, could significantly increase the ratio of the model with Xmath8 stars . The average stellar mass throughout the entire cluster is @xmath85. The primordial mass has not been distributed, and falls first in all regions due to the stellar evolution, mass-loss of the giant stars for the first time in xmath85myr. Note that the binaries are included, and assumed that they are unresolved. Then, if we look at the behaviour of the two-body projection, we see that the average mass is the same in both regions, but increases by about 5 % in the 1 - 10 % region and 10 - 15 % in the 1 - 15 % region. The central region the average mass increases from the end of core-thrust, and flattens out post-fall (to the ejection of the binary bh - bh binary) . The decreasing average mass in the outer region is gradually effected by the effect of the external tide, which preferentially removes the lower mass stars that have been pushed out to this region. Note that binaries are included and are assumed to be unresolved . . . I just now applied the anisotropy parameter to the xmath-59 model. Its main features are as follows: the values in the 1 % and the 10 % regions overlap, and the velocity dispersion in the outer regions is clearly lower than in the inner regions; the values for the 50 % region are much closer to those of the inner regions than in the outer regions. In addition, we observe that the two-dimensional velocity of the projected lagrangian regions is the same, but with values that are typically 20 % less. In the above example, the density of the first region is lower than the second, which leads to a slower decline, in which the central regions decline almost homogeneously. The main features of our new model correspond to those of the small xmath59 models of giersz & heggie (1997). The K200 model agrees with our K200 model in this respect, and in general with the general behaviour, which is that of the decomposition of the central regions after the collapse. However, in their xmath59 models they find that the time for the initial phase of mass separation is about the same as for the process of collapse, whereas we find that mass separation is already well established in the central regions after the collapse. It is also very similar to that of baumgardt & makino (2003) in their models. In fact, the range of the atoms containing atoms of atoms is slightly more symmetrical than that of atoms of atoms. This variation of atoms is much like that of atoms of atoms of atoms containing atoms. It is especially similar to that of atoms of atoms in the k100 model, although the degree of atoms in the outer region is 30 % less than in the k200 model. But tangential atoms in the inner region is also a deviation from the normal level of atoms in the atoms, which has a decrease in atoms at the time of collapse, and that it tends towards isotropy in the final stages of evolution (as was noted by baumgardt and makino 2003). In the central region (in the 1 percent of lagrangian radius), the atoms are very noisy, and it is fluctuating between radial and tangential atoms . In the atoms of the cluster there are constant, radial and atoms, which are tangentially inversed. As we see from figure f: fig.5 it is clear from figure f: fig.5 that the inner regions of the cluster are very radial, and the outer regions have a lower tangential anisotropy from the first atoms and flattens out to a constant value for the remainder of the evolution. So the k200 model, which is estimated by the same method, shows that the binary fraction of the main-system stars near the half-mass radius of ngc is a few per cent. This is also substantiated in figure [f] fig 6; and for our k200 model it is shown that the binary fraction of the main-system stars is a few per cent. It is further affirmed by the result of hurley, aarseth, and shara (2007) that the numerical term of the present angular binary fraction can still be used as a diagnostic tool for the majority of the Milky Way globular clusters. This proved more than once that the binary fraction of the main-system star, and the 10 % lagrangian radius, increased markedly with the development of the cluster, particularly towards the core-core, when it is six or more times greater than the primordial value, and the total binary fraction does not decrease considerably, even if the inclusion of a large number of initially wide binaries might result in a slight decrease in the value of the primordial value. “This results in the analysis of the primordial binary fraction of the angular cluster angular Angular Angular Cluster in Figure f. Fig. 6”. davis et al. (2008) measured the binary fraction of the stars at the half-mass radius of ngc - 413 and found it to be less than 0.1 percent. In all cases, they observed that the core binary fraction increased sharply as the cluster evolved, especially toward angular angularity, when it became six or more times more than the primordial value, and the overall fraction of the cluster remained almost the primordial value. Let us examine the energy of the binaries in the k200 simulation in figure [f] and the k100 simulation in figure [f] . We note that the binding energy of the binaries is calculated in arbitrary, physical units of @xmath98 in order to directly compare the internal energies of the two binaries. The energy per bh-binary in the inner 1 % region by mass starts off as usual for both simulations, if we go back to the central tier, the values increase considerably, but the values in the 1 - 10 % and the 10 - 50 % regions are converging at the end of the simulation. Here we can see that the energy per bh-binary is being added by the bh-binary in the k200 simulation, as well as the k100 simulation, as shown in figure [fig. 4]. Moreover, the effect of the binary on the k200 simulation from the first point of view is clear, and the average energy of the binary increases almost two orders of magnitude, before dropping sharply when it is removed from the core. Observe that the internal energy of the bh-binary is calculated in physical units of @ xmath98, in order to direct comparison of the internal energy of the two binary populations. Although, however, the influence of the binary on the k200 simulation is evident, and is a consequence of the common-Envelope amplification, the maximum flux in the k200 simulation is not apparent, and is only shown in figure [f]: “Pigs and Phenomenon at the middle of the plot. These increases of binding energy also occur at other times, and arise from the formation of tightly So it is necessary to ask if the signatures of these short-lived energetic binaries can be observed. The other binary was that it produced a star which was tidally disrupted and swallowed up by a black hole of Xmath104. This was a star that was hot and young, and thus it could be expected to remain one of the brightest stars in the cluster for several gyrs and could be easily observed. The time it takes the core to collapse, - xmath106, and the time it takes to collapse is a measure of the strength of the cluster. The time for the collapse of the star, - xmath106, and the time it takes to decay, - xmath106, are also calculated. Moreover, the time for the cluster to lose half its initial mass - xmath109 , - is also shown. Compared with xmath106, the collapse of the core is approximately xmath107 myr in the star before the black hole devours it. The other binary mentioned here resulted in the separation of two stars, and the result was a main sequence star being tidally interrupted and swallowed by a black hole. , for the first half-mass relaxation time was given as an indication of the lifetime of the cluster, and this time the value of -0.00239 [18] is not known for the observed cluster. In baumgardt and makino (2003) we also have the larger -0.002 stars, -0.05 to show that a doubling of the extinction time is appropriate for multi-mass models, for example, a model of stellar evolution. , for a model of -0.009 and a model of -0.003 we find that the ratio is the same for both models, so the agreement is in excellent agreement with the previous one. However, in the table, t: table1, we can not compare the average -0.003 half - extinction time across the lifetime of the cluster, at -0.010 it is not known for the observed cluster , it will be the value of -0.03 for the observed cluster. For the k200 and k100 models we find that the ratio is the same for both models, and so the agreement for this timescale is quite good, according to the previous idea. The time for the first half - extinction time ranged from 17 for the clusters which are well in their radii (smaller -0.010) to 9 for the clusters which are filled from the start with -0.03 which is in good agreement with kpper et al. (2008). and in general the behaviour of the physical quantities, average stellar mass and velocity dispersion, have been documented and the general behaviour of the earlier models matches expectations. We have examined the result of previous analyses of the problem of the smaller @ xmath0 body and found good agreement with these results, if the correct scaling of the dispersion time was employed (for example the ratio of the radius of the core to the volume of mass at core collapse) . we have also shown that the reduction of the mass at core collapse can be stopped by the elimination of a predominant bh-binary bh-binary. As for time scales, we find agreement with the corresponding models of the larger @ xmath0 body, if the ratio of the core radius to the half mass radius is chosen. Consequently, if the star average is already larger than the number of xmath0, it does not show that it has already adapted to the collapse of the core. It continued the gradual increase of the value of the xmath0 parameter of realistic @ xmath0 body models from the @ xmath59 model of giersz & heggie (1997) to the @ xmath89 model of baumgardt & makino (2003) . . . . In general, we found that this effect was prevented by the deposition of a dominant bh-based on the xmath – collapse period. We thank the generous support of the cordelia Corporation and of Edward Norton, who have enabled amnh to purchase boards and other components. This work is currently underway (giersz et al. 2012) and will be based on direct comparisons of the two models, starting from the same initial conditions. Moreover, we intend to make a snapshot of the model saved at regular intervals throughout the simulation for others to study and analyse. Further hardware advancements and a revisiting of efforts to parallelize direct xmath0 models (Shawnaz et al. 1999) will further encourage the push towards greater xmath0 models. we thank harvey richer for helping to create the motivation for this model, and ivan king for his helpful suggestions. aarseth s. j., 1999, pasp, 111, 1333 aarseth s. j., 2003, gravitational n. body simulations: tools and algorithms (Cambridge University Press, Cambridge). Davis d. s., richer h. b., anderson j., brewer j., hurley j., kalirai j., rich r. m., stetson j. , hypki a., 2012 , mnras , 410, 2698 giersz m., heggie d. c., 1997, mnras , 286 , 709 giersz m. , heggie d. c., 1997, mnras , 286 , 709 giersz m. , heggie d. c., 1975, mnras , 173 , 729 heggie d. c., 2009, mnras , 389 , 1858 heggie d. c., 2012, mnras ( arxiv: 1112 . 6246) gnedin o y . No. 214  1735, 2129 hurley j . r . mackey a d ., Wilkinson m . i ., Davies m . b ., gilmore g . f ., 2007 mnras, 389, 889 kroupa p . , tout c . a . , gilmore g . , 1992 mnras, 289, 543 kroupa p . , tout c . a . , gilmore g . , jras, 389, 889 , sap c . . , d . . d., gilmore g . f., tout c . a. , 2003, mnras , 343, 1025 zonoozi a. h., baumgardt h. , haghi h. , kroupa p. , hilker, m . , 2011 mnras , 411, 1989