In statistical physics, the phenomenon of frustration is one of the most interesting subjects, especially since it can generate additional symmetry and provide a rich low-temperature structure. As a result of this disturbance, the systems have additional reflection symmetry, as well as global rotation symmetry. as a result of this disturbance, two kinds of phase transitions arise, namely, the magnetic transition of Kosterlitz-thouless (kt), and the chiral transition – which have long been a controversy. The 2d, fully frustrated xy model has attracted much attention in the last two decades – in particular, the so-called two-dimensional, fully constrained xy models. The first is the square xy model, where the interactions can be regular mixtures of ferromagnetic (f) and antiferromagnetic (af) f and antiferromagnetic (af) couplings (an adversarial model) – the second is the af xy model on the triangular xy model. However, the constrained xy model has, in its place, the discrete symmetry of the xy model, and, in its place, the global spin rotation symmetry. The interlinking of these symmetries is a subject which has received much study over the last two decades. This is, to say, the subject of the distorted xy model, and is now referred to as the “inversed” X-body Model, which allows for the initial turn of the x-body to be taken as a diametricality, and the principle of orderly chiral order, the following are the issues raised in this regard: is the Several attempts have been made to obtain the energy density of states (dos) directly, particularly with the Monte Carlo algorithm. especially with regard to the dielectric properties of states (dos) which are considered in the monte carlo model. On the other hand, the six-state clock model on the square lattice (hero model) is of a different geometry, as there are also extra degeneracy in the gs. The lack of attention to the lower-temperature phase transition of the kt type was ignored. It is noteworthy that the present controversy is very infrequent. Consequently, it is necessary to obtain precise numerical information. Thus, we present in this paper our monte carlo study of the af six-state clock model on the triangular lattice. There are several algorithms that attempt to calculate the energy density of states directly. Especially, many attempts have been made to approximate the energy density of states directly, by using the random walk in the energy space. On the other hand, the six-state clock model on the square lattice (the villain model) is different in its configuration since there are a few extra degeneracy . Moreover, there are some that propose a low temperature transition, which is, of course, the inverse of the af model. It is a standard way of doing this and is based on the Six-State Symbol. There is no contradiction between this and the hamiltonian (* ham), which is invariant under the symmetries of the global spin rotation  xmath8 and the global spin reflection  xmath7; thus the angle is a discrete value,  math25. The rest of the paper is organized as follows: in the next section we define the model and briefly explain the simulation method. the hamiltonian (* hamiltonian) is invariant under the symmetries of the global spin rotation  xmath8 and the global spin reflection  xmath7 ; and so the broken symmetries cause two kinds of order, respectively chiral order and magnetic order. The hamiltonian (* hamiltonian) is invariant under the symmetries of the global spin rotation  xmath8 and the global spin reflection  xmath7. The bottom axis of the triangle is attached to one of the sides, a Sublattice, or a 'G', for example, and a 'G' - a finite field between two neighbouring spins, a digram of xmath28 and a 'g' for example, to establish a 'g'. The gs configuration is known as 'G', where two neighboring spins meet in the same digram, which is shown in fig. 'G'. A mathematical factor in eq. (‘chiral’) is chosen such that the maximum absolute value is one. In a gs configuration labelled in Fig. [gsconf] , the local chiral takes the shape of a checkerboard in the left-hand (positive) orientation and the left-hand (negative) orientation. The local chiral is the degeneracy of the underlying symmetry in xmath44, and in xmath46 symmetry in xmath46 , where the chiral component of the vector chiral is considered. a chiral component of the vector chiral is determined. To describe the global spin reflection of xmath7, we turn to the chiral. – Xmath44 – fold degeneracy, which is induced by the discrete global spin rotation symmetry in xmath44 with xmath45 – fold and by xmath46 – fold . It was proposed that the number of potential movements, or the number of potential energy changes, be a specified xmath56 number. For a given state, xmath56, xmath56, the total number of movements is xmath56. Then, using the parallel machine, we measure the physical quantity up to xmath64, compared with the standard relation xmath63, and we measure the physical quantity to xmath64 up to xmath65 montecarlo. we measure the average of the potential move, xmath61, and use this information to improve the estimate of the energy dos. in proposing the broad histogram method, oliveira et al. . (bhr) : - he evaluated the number of potential moves, or the number of potential changes in a given state - xmath56, and that the number of potential changes is xmath56, and the weight of the potential moves is xmath58. We also use the broad histogram relation for the refinement of the dos. We also calculate the average of the potential move, xmath59, and use this information to estimate the energy dos better. This relation is proved to be valid on general grounds, and we call eq. (bhr) the broad histogram relation. “We consider a criticality of the gs energy, and the criticality of the transition temperature as well as the criticality of the transition temperature. There is a hump on the lower temperature side of xmath77, which can be related to the transition of kt type. This hump is a sign of the presence of a second-order phase transition. ... and so it is necessary to examine the magnetic and chiral orders for the detailed analysis of the transition temperature. Two authors from the present study showed that the ratio of the correlation coefficients with different distances is a useful estimator of the phase transition between the second-order phase and the kt phase, and the correlation ratio of this proportion can be generalized by the calculation of the probability of the transition. the electrical and chiral correlation coefficients are represented as follows:  -(x-2), where -(x-2) is the zelzmann constant. - In the figure of ds48 , we show the energy of system size --69 as an example . Then we analyze the correlation ratios at xmath91 and xmath92, where @ xmath87 and xmath95 are given in accordance with eqs . (Six-Four) and (Four-Four) respectively. so that the amplitude of the correlations at different distances is a finite-size scaling (fss) which is made up of one single fixed parameter, @ xmath93. Thus, we have obtained a ratio of xmath90 and xmath95 for two distances . . . . with the added equivalence of the magnetic and chiral correlations of a pencil, fig. a. The hump on the lower temperature side of the specific heat, fig. spht, may correspond to the lower temperature kt transition at xmath11 . the higher temperature kt transition at xmath0 is not visible in the specific heat chart, since the rising peak of the chiral transition has a diffidence in the correlation, Fig. a. It is a necessary condition that two correlated spins should be in the same sense; since the fixed distances are set at xmath89 and xmath95 , we choose the size as a multiple of xmath43. The numerical value of xmath99 is 0.86 , 0.91 , 0.92 for xmath107, and b) @ xmath107 from the af six-state clock model on the triangular lattice. Where xmath109 . We have, in xmath102, a quadratic function and, if we are to define the parameters, we have used a quadratic function in xmath103. In the estimation of  xmath10, the dc020 value is set to 0 . . . 0 . . . 0 . . . . and dc110 . . . the inverse proportion, if the inverse proportion is not constant, if the ratio, if the inverse proportion is increased, it is because Xcite used the proportion, the figure. , and a better value for math10 , the data with different @ xmath10 are labelled with different marks, but they are stacked on a single curve, and thus, @ xmath10 depends on @ xmath10 in eq. ([t] ] , and the difference of @ xmath10 can be absorbed in the difference of @ xmath10 . , et cetera , (cd - finite) and - xmath81 to be 2 . . . we first study the constant value of correlation ratio of xmath102 for different sizes, and find the associated correlation function of xmath110. As you can see, the decay of xmath83 is like a typical kt transition; that is, the exponent of xmath83 is constant in the kt phase. , it is given by the different marks in (a) and - - 0 in (b). . . . we are calculating the value of xmath83 for various correlations of xmath102 in fig. [Eta] . next, we look at the decay of xmath83. . . . it can be seen that the decay of xmath83 behaves as a typical kt transition, that is, the decay of xmath83 continuously increases with the temperature in the kt phase. If the above equation were mapped to the respective absolute temperature, the cosine was calculated to the fraction of xmath - at xmath - and the equations of kt, of course, are to be used, but the dependency between xmath - and xmath - at the higher kt temperature - xmath - is in accordance with the anticipated value, Xmath - . . whereas - t - kt - is a precondition for an exponent. ) in a certain thermo- op- curve, with an arrow, is a curve of kt phase from the magnetic coefficient of the kt phase, versus xmath66 - a plotting of the chiral correlation ratio as a function of the temperature – angle - equations [ ] of the chiral correlation ratio [ ], shown in fig. - to show the value of xmath-102 compared to xmath-66. In this example, xmath-104 and xmath-104 were predicted, for example, as 0 . . . , 0 . . . " Finally, in the af six-phase clock, we studied the system on the triangular lattice using wang- landau's method and the general histogram. In the af six-phase clock, we find that it has two phases, a spin-dial-clock and a chiral-dial-clock; the former undergoes the kt transition, while the latter indicates the second-order transition. It should be noted that the exponent @xmath125 is consistent with the results of lee and lee @xcite, and the results of ozeki and ito @xcite, but this results in contradiction with olsson @xcite's, that is, the critical phenomena are not subject to the ising universality class. we have also noted the lower temperature kt transition from the discrete symmetry of the clock model , this is consistent with the opinion of korshunov , namely that the phase transition resulting from the unbinding of vortex pairs occurs at a lower temperature than the phase transition associated with the formation of the ising-type domain walls. And also it has been observed that the lower temperature kt transition is due to the discrete symmetry of the clock model , . . . You are invited to the Meeting, which is held on behalf of the Ministry of Education, Science, Sport, and Culture of Japan. The study of this study was supported by a grant from the Japan Society for the Promotion of Science. . . . e. granato, j. m. kosterlitz, j. lee, m. p. nightingale, phys. lett. b. b. b. c., 598 (83) . e. granato, j. m. kosterlitz, j. lee, m. p. nightingale, phys. lett. b. b. c., 15184 (1996) . p. olsson, phys. lett. b . c., 682 (1996). f. p. olsson, phys. Lett. b . c. c., 4850 (1996) . . . - 'Brother Lee, e granato, and j . m. kosterlitz, phys . b - 39 *, 7291 (1997) . e . van himbergen, h . j . f . knops, and j . m . thijssen, phys . b - 39 *, 11859 (1997) . xu and j . d. southern, j . phys . a * 29 * l133 (1996) . d. j . . j . . . . je . b . . . lee, e . granato, and j . m . kosterlitz, phys . b - 39 *, 480 (1998) . . . - e . e . . b . . . - je . . , - je - b * 39 *, - , - 47 *, 1542 , 1981 . d . . . h eikmans, j . e . van heikmans, h . . j . f . knops and j . m thijssen, phys . . . f. wang and d. p. landau, phys. lett. 86 * , 2050 (2001) ; phys. e * 64 * , 056101 (2001) . . . f. wang and d. p. landau, phys. lett. , 87 * , 2050 (2001) ; phys. e * 64 * , 056101 (2001) . . . . .