Not only is it the first brown dwarf recognized as genuine, but it is also the brightest and most studied dwarf of all. gl 229b is not only the first brown dwarf recognized as genuine, but it is also the brightest and most studied t dwarf. Xcite, with an effective temperature of about xmath5k, places it between the latest l dwarfs (Xmath6k, Xcite) and the giant planets of the solar system (Xmath7k) . The spectroscopic observations of xcite over a period of xmath11 to 5 m have revealed a rapid decrease in flux from 1 xmath11 to 1 xmath13m, the unequivocal presence of ch, h, t, and cs, and the absence of the characteristic ch, feh, vo and tio characteristic of late m and early l dwarfs. The model spectra of gl 229b @ xcite reproduced the general distribution of its energy, and the whole of it is accurate. The broad band photometry from @xmath11 through @xcite allows for an accurate determination of the bolometric luminosity of gl 229b. In this paper we present new high-resolution spectra in the “xmath0” and “xmath1” bands, which are not previously recorded in the data set , meanwhile, we find a narrow set of sufficient combinations of xmath14 and gravity, for the first time, in the   ”red” spectral band of @xcite. We then compare the    red spectral band with each part of the spectrum separately to calculate independent measurements of the abundance of xmath3 h in the spectrum of xmath2 as an index of metallicity, and to estimate nh at xmath3 at two different depths in the atmosphere. we conclude by giving the results of gravity which can not be determined from the data presented here. At the same time, we introduce a reduced set of acceptable combinations of @xmath14 and gravity, with the observed bolometric luminosity of gl 229b at xcite. Observations of gl 229b in selected narrow intervals in the @xmath0, math1 and math2 spectra have been obtained at the telescope spectrometer CGS4 @xcite and its 150 l/mm grating. these are among the most detailed spectra that have been obtained from this telescope. And so, to reduce the possibility of readjusting the signal, we have used the arc-lamps to verify the resolving powers of gl 229b. The resolving powers of each spectrum are approximate, because we did not attempt to match gl 229b in the measured sky, in all cases the match in airmasses was more than five percent, so that in the ratioed spectra the residual readjustment is small compared with the noise level. These data are given in the following table, and in all cases the resolving powers are a lower one-third of @ xmath19 (@ xmath19). the short wavelength of the spectrum shows the red side of the red ring of the ch xmath9 band, which is responsible for the feature located at the far end of xmath20 m. in the short wavelength, the red ring of the ch xmath9 band is seen, and is responsible for the features of xmath20 m. No other features of aqueous metals have fallen within this ring. - To remove telluric absorption features, a spectra of the a0v star bs 1849 was measured in the evening prior to gl 229b . The correction of the bar is determined by the point-to-point variation in the featureless portions of the spectra, the signal-to-noise ratios are approximately 40 in the xmath2 band, 25 in the xmath1 band and 30 in the xmath0 band . They cannot be identified directly from the data, for their opacity is weaker than that of h @ xmath8o and ch @ xmath9, and because of pressure-widening (see 5 . 3). It is also possible to determine the gravity-sensitiveness of gl 229b. While the opacities of nh @ xmath3 and h @ xmath8 are not negligible in this part of the spectrum, neither molecule forms characteristic spectral features. . . . while the opacities of nh @ xmath3 and h @ xmath9 are not negligible in this part of the spectrum, neither of them form specific spectral features. these opacities cannot be immediately determined from these data, mainly because their opacity is weaker than that of h @ xmath8o and ch @ xmath9, and because the pressure broadens (see , p. 25) . a spectral resolution of at least 10 times higher would be required to determine the intrinsic structure of gl 229b. Fig. . In the remainder of this paper the discussion focuses on three atmosphere models, of the range of solutions specified by Table 2 and Fig. 4: xmath39 (870, 4 . 5); xmath40 (895) and  1030, 5 . 5 , which we call models a, b, and c. we find in section 5 that the three models, by way of section 5, are compatible with the spectra of brown dwarfs and include the bolometric luminosity of xmath36. xmath39 and xmath40 , are computed with different physics, including the equation of state and surface conditions from the grey and non-grey atmospheres, using a number of opacity tests. The kinetics of xmath37 and math40 are not well resolved, but the upper range is near the lower mass limit of xmath35, and the status of xmath37 is assured. math39 and math40 are examined for different metallicities, ranging from m/h  math39 to math40 . the development of brown dwarfs is sensitive to the opacity of the atmosphere through the opacity which influences the cooling. atom line opacity is not included. In addition, the chemical equilibrium is treated as in xcite . the gas phase opacity is represented by the rayleigh scattering of the sputtering gas h @ xmath8 and by the molecular opacity of h @ xmath8o, ch @ xmath9, nh @ xmath9, h @ xmath9s, ph @ xmath3s, ph @ xmath3s, and co , and the ikonam-conducting opacity of h @ xmath44 to a extent below - 1 - xmath11 m, in a second way, in the second way, following the haze model of xcite, a relatively large and difficult gravity, is, therefore, constrained by the molecular lines to influence the atmosphere profile, to define the spectrum. - the natural geometry is as follows: .. . . . . . - opacity is not included, a long opacity, whose inflexion point at xmath11 indicates the middle of the convection zone . . . ; we shall then use synthetic spectroscopy to give a general view of the contents of the gas, to which we shall confine our discussion in this respect. The values given are from the range of acceptable values of xmath14 and xmath27. As a function of wavelength, the spectral distribution of ch-math9 and n-math3 are given as function of wavelength for model b (Issueropolis, Issueropolis, Issueropolis), to a depth of about xmath53 m, or in accordance with the range of six pressures. Figure 6 shows that the spectral energy distribution of a convection zone at the centre of model b (Issueropolis) is below the Photosphere’ at all wavelengths and is not directly observable. The top of the convection zone for model b (Issueropolis) is below the Photosphere’ at all wavelengths, which is not directly observable. This method affords a unique opportunity to study the physics of the atmosphere of a brown dwarf in an extended vertical range. Further details are provided in the Xcite package. The accuracy of the results is largely attributed to the accuracy of the models, to the noise in the data, and, above all, to the sensitivity of the molecular line lists, which we computed. , we calculate the opacity of ch @ xmath9 in the conjecture of the spectroscopic observations of the giant planets at a bm interval of xmath64 m, while the opacity of ch @ xmath9 is quite close to that of the bm-2/13 m band, whereas this only impregnates the transition between the two tabulations in a strong h @ xmath8o band and eliminates any discontinuity in ch @ xmath9 opacity at the transition. as we have seen, the temperature of gl 229b is always higher than 300 p xmath10k. This is why we have completely ignored the bands in our spectra that contain ch @ xmath9 . We have taken the temperature dependent line opacity (which is incomplete above 300 p xmath10k) and made use of temperature dependent opacity at shorter wavelengths. Hence, we have completely ignored the areas in our spectra where ch @ xmath9 is most prominent. Moreover, the synthetic spectra we have calculated reproduce the fundamental band of ch @ xmath9 very well (centered at xmath64 m) but the matching of the 1 . 6  xmath13 m band is rather poor. and the most important molecular scavenger of gl 229b is h @ xmath8o, which is most understandable in opacity, and which is known to be relatively well understood. In a very large scale, the distribution of molecular scavengers in frequency and strength is almost random, and inaccuracies in the oscillator strength are noticeable, and this effect can be seen in Fig. 1c of h@ xmath8o , we use these synthetic spectra to fit four distinct spectral regions (the red, the red, the red, the white, and the blue) separately to determine the metallicity of the metal at each phase, to an internal precision of  xmath70 dex. and Fig. 1c of h@ xmath6 . we use these spectra to build up four distinct spectral regions (the red, the red, the red, the green, and the red) to determine the metal as a function of gravity, with an internal precision of  xmath70 dex. . . . as a demonstration of the equality of this database, we find that the h@ xmath8o features computed by this spectra correspond extremely well in frequency with those of gl 229b (see, e. . . Fig. 7 to 9). The best fittings for a, b, c and d are almost identical to those for a, c and d. The best fittings for a, c and d are as close as possible to those for a, c and d. in the air 0.83 to 72 m, forming deep within the atmosphere, xmath72 m. 252 The best fittings for a, c and d are most nearly identical to those for a, b, and d. Our model, the Xcite model, is a fully functional model, whose properties are derived from the refractory elements, ti, fe, v, ca, and cr, which are thought to be in condensed in a low temperature atmosphere such as gl 229b and therefore not suitable to form molecular bands 20. The spectra of xcite and xcite reveals two lines of csi (at 0. 852 and 0. 894 at xmath13m) and a strong h     o band, but not the bands of tio and vo which are common in late m dwarfs and early l dwarfs (fig. 7). Only the strong, 1100, unidentified feature at 0 . 9874 at xmath13m can be attributed to h o . - The first optical spectrum of a t dwarf (sdss 1624 + 0029) confirms that the latter explanation is correct. - a condensate layer is proposed, the aspect of which is based on the mie theory of the scattering of spherical particles, the lateral distribution of the particles, the grain size distribution, and the complex index of refraction of the condensate. The cloud model of xcite is explained by a layered layer of condensates, as follows: a vertical density profile of condensate, based on a matrix, - a matrix, a matrix, a matrix, a function, a subset - a free parameter. the dimensions of the condensate, a matrix, and a doublet, and a photometrical representation of xcite. , 34  410 , 4020; a trajectotonization of the air, a red wing of the pressure-widening. The whole opacity is determined with the m-m-dozha mie theory of spherical particles, a pattern of the horizontal distribution of the particles, the grain-size distribution of the condensate, and the composite index of refraction. It is to this equation that we give a value of - -m / h, and we get the same value of - m / h as long as the flux level is a good fit - o dex.' The lower panel of Figure 7 clearly shows the relative strength of the absorption features in the h - xmatho band with the similarity of the index of refraction from - xmath92 at 0 - xmatho to 0 - ade - with the imaginary part of the index of refraction being reduced from - xmath92 at 0 - xmatho to 0 - xcite at xcite - . The metallicity of the atmosphere, - m - m, is almost independent of the parameter of dust, as it is constrained by the amplitude of the features in the h - xmatho band, which we fit between 0 - 925 and 0 - 98 - . , if we fit the same amplitude of the features in the h - xmatho band - if we fit the amplitude of the amplitude of the features in the means . in a similar way - in a second place - the same comparison is shown in the lower panel of fig. 7, which clearly shows the difference between the m - xmatho band and the m - xmatho band, whose density is only one of the two in , the non-declinicing part of the m - m band, “This method of determining the density of the metal varies by a factor of three, and the best of these three calculations is a distortion of the general shape of the spectrum, as shown in fig. 8 . (As in the red spectrum (5.1), we find a remarkable correspondence of spectral features, although the model spectrum is somewhat less successful in expressing the relative strength of the h@ xmath8o features. As we have decided to ignore ch@ xmath9 bands and our synthetic spectrum does not include alkali metal lines, we reconstructed the  xmath0 spectrum between  xmath1 and  xmath13 m, to ascertain the metallicity of the  xmath8o absorption. Since the result is based on the depth of the absorption features, we ignore these distortions and, rather, calculate the logarithm of the flux rather than the flux density, as shown in Figure 8. , which consequently reduces our analysis of the @ xmath1 band spectrum to wavelengths less than 1 . 58 . xmath13 m . the detection of co at 4 . . . xmath13 m well above equilibrium abundance @ xcite suggests the possibility that nh @ xmath3 is also deficient in its chemical equilibrium abundance @ xcite . . . and this omission denotes a strong shift in the average flux level between the data and the models of @ xmath100 m. . we found that the ratios of 1 , 0 , 0 , 0 and 0 would be sufficient to calculate the total abundance of nh @ xmath3 on the basis of the s/n ratio of the data and the residual problems with the h@ xmath8 opacity. Hence we varying the abundance of nh @ xmath3 by reducing the chemical equilibrium abundance, as computed by a given metal, uniformly across the atmosphere. in this spectral region we calculate the abundance of nh @ xmath3 by reducing the chemical equilibrium abundance by constant factor . We find that reductions of 1 , 0 , 0 , 0 , and 0 constitute an adequate grid of nh @ xmath3 abundances, given the s/n ratio of the data and the residual problem with the h @ xmath8o opacity . whereas our model is nearly identical to the mqv1 band, and the best fits are shown in Table 2. As our model is basically a linear fit of the strengths and the wavelengths, we have only fit the mqv1 band with either the chemical equilibrium abundance of h - xmath3 or without h - xmath3 only had a small - to negligible effect on the determination of the mqv1 abundance of h - xmath3 at a given metallicity. It is in the mqv1 band that the most detailed features of the data and the models are found. Although we can define the best fitting solutions from this data and the models in a very low resolution, which eliminates all reflection features , we have proved that our fittings are indeed exactly the same as the data, by plotting the data and the models at very low resolution, which eliminates all absorption features. It is in the mqv1 band that the best matching is in the most detailed of the detailed features of the data and the models. The mqv2 chemical equations indicate that h @ xmath8s is present in gl 229b with an abundance equal to the elemental abundance , but the difference decreases with the higher the temperature and is negligible in model c. The first two spectra are computed from the chemical equilibrium abundance of co (@ xmath111 at 14 @ xmath10bar) and from the non-co (@ xmath110) . . . the second overtone band of co falls in the xmath1 band, and in principle it is possible to determine xmath108 at the deepest level of the atmosphere, where xmath109 bar and xmath110k (fig. 6) . . . our extreme case represents a flux reduction of xmath114. . . . of our three near infrared spectra the xmath2 band has been derived the highest in the atmosphere: Xmath117 and Xmath110 (fig. 5) .. . . so that the xmath110 band is almost identical to the xmath103 band . . . . because the xmath115 band is 1022 times weaker than the fundamental band in 4 . . . The conformity of the alloys is shown in Figure 13 comparing a spectrum computed for Model B with [m / h] @ xmath104 to the whole spectrum of @ xmath104. The structure of the alloys is quite well, though the overall shape is not very well represented. Fig. 13 shows a spectrum computed for Model B with [m / h] @ xmath104  10 (the top panel) and our best fit, [m ] 14_[18] (fig. 13]  - 2 and 3 of the whole spectrum of @ xmath104 3 . There is excellent agreement in the structure of the alloy, although it is not precisely mirrored in the planarity of the spectrum. This much better agreement of the alloy with respect to the band in question than that of the xmath1 band, is due to two reasons: first, the opacity of this band is computed from a line, and therefore can be calculated as a function of temperature rather than to the limit of 300  xmath10k 4 . second, the lower temperature at which the band is formed (fig. 6) prevents the overestimation of the compactness of the ch . . . the moreover, the moreover, the ch . . . the moreover, the greater is the abundance of nh . . . But if the measured nh nh nh nh nh nh nh nh nh nh nh nh nh nh nh nh nh nh nh nh nh nh nh nh nh nh nh nh nh nh nh nh nh nh nh nh nh nad vapour and the sordid gaseous nh ni nad co-ordinate the data of a single nh nh nh nh nh nh nh nh nh nh nh nh nh ni nh ni nh ni nh, a process which causes the nh ni ni to be unable to distinguish between ni nh and ni ni ni. To the last result we consider that ni ni ni depletes ni ni in gl 229 in the air, at the level of the ni ni ni (the ni in the diagrams) of gl 229, as expected, at the xmath subspace. Moreover, we observe a lack of ni @ xmath3 in gl 229. To be sure, the effect of this is visible in the three nuclei at fem. 299, fem. 299, and . . if the opacity of the mixture is significantly less than that of the mixture of nh @ xmath , the proportion of nh @ xmath a feature to that of the mixture is lower than nh @ xmath a feature. The result is given in Table 2. The lower panel of figure 15 depicts the b fit obtained by reducing the abundance of nh @ xmath a feature in the atmosphere to @ xmath127 % of its chemical equilibrium value for the given metallicity. For example, if one imagines that there is no depletion of nh @ xmath a feature (see the dotted line in the top panel of fig. 14) the difference in the data and the calculated spectrum for @ xmath 120 m would be much greater than the typical mismatch that we see in nh @ xmath8o features in all four spectrums. Our analyses are summarized in table 2. According to this, the depletion of nh @ xmath a feature in the range of  xmath 120  is firmly established. The depletion of nh @ xmath 120 is extremely large, and the proportion of residuals between the data and the spectrum of  xmath120 m is much larger than the typical mismatch which we observe in h@ xmath8o features in all four spectrals. Selected above-mentioned features are represented by a pair of drawn lines arranged in a tree fashion, a hybrid whose positions and strong points are determined by an ab initio calculation (r. wattson, priv.) and which has not been compared with laboratory measurements in this region of the spectrum. Figure 17 shows the relevant part of the X-Mathe2 spectrum, and the synthetic spectra for all three models (a, b, and c) in accordance with the fit of the metallicity (table 2), of which the magnitudes are remarkably similar. However, one must look for the feature at a higher resolution and higher s/n ratio, for the absence of sulfur in gl 229b would be an interesting result. A, however, significant error in the position and strength of these lines can greatly reduce the amplitude of the feature in our synthetic spectra. Having computed the strength of the predicted feature, the strength of the predicted feature is well above the noise level of the data, and if the same is taken at face value, then, in a face-valued case, figure 17 indicates a probable reduction of h @ xmath8s by more than a factor of 2. Moreover, it is desirable to find the feature at higher resolution and at higher s/n ratio, for the absence of sulfur in gl 229b would be a most intriguing result. Here we find a Co Mole fraction of 50 to 200 ppm (@xmath128) by taking a Co Mole fraction of 300 ppm (I mean, [m / h] @xmath129) which agrees well with the result for model A, which has a Co Mole fraction of [m / h] @xmath129; which is well within the favourable uncertainty. For our calculation, we find that the Co Mole fraction is linearly proportional to the metal, which we probe with 45 @xmath13 m spectroscopy (I.E. all the oxide phase is contained in h @xmath14 ) (i.e. all the gas phase is contained in h @xmath14 , which is well within the favourable uncertainty of @xcite . Chemical equilibrium calculations prove that the Co-Caesium balances linearly with the metallicity of 45 @xmath13 m spectroscopy (i.e. all the gas-phase oxygen is contained in h @xmath14) . I’m sure it’s impossible to achieve a better measurement of gravity with the data and models available. But if you can get an atomic X-ray of the light from a microscope and add the metals from our sample, you’ll get a more accurate measurement of the electric field. The high-resolution spectroscopy we have is unable to select between models a, b, or c, because an increase in gravity can be offset by an increase in the metallicity to yield the same result. In a similar way, we have found that the spectral energy of the models of gl 229b is very sensitive to the light of gravity. Nevertheless, the light of gl 229b has a rather heavy elemental elemental element. We have a long way to go to find out the gravity sensitivity of the models of gl 229b, which we have just tested, but the spectra are rather noisy. Moreover, our electron beam spectroscopic analyses do not allow us to choose between models a, b and c (see table 2), for the gravity sensitivity of the models of gl 229b is not excessively high. Moreover, the aeons of our study and models are not yet sufficient to make a determination of the mass. Although a dynamic determination of the mass is possible in a decade or so, a spectroscopic determination might be possible much sooner. The gravity sensitivity of the models in gl 229b has a fixed metal, and this is not true for the metal itself. Our determination of the metallicity of gl 229b is based on the avance of the nascent stars ch. xmath9 and nascent stars nascent (1997) in the spectrum of the primary star gl 229a. This determination is based on the fact that gl 229b is comprised of a forest of unknown metal-lineal lines due to h. xmath9 and nascent stars . . . h. . . . h. . . h. . the metal-line is close to the solar value of the sun, and the lower gravity is insignificant. the metallicity is close to the sun at high gravity, and it decreases considerably at lower gravity. . . . our determination of the metallicity of gl 229b, with an uncertainty of @ xmath70, is given in Table 2. Our determination of the metallicity of gl 229b, with an uncertainty of @ xmath70, is given in Table 2. To a certain extent the chemistry of these abundant molecules is fairly simple. However, we are aware of a very simple fact in the analysis of the metallicity and abundance of a few molecules in the atmosphere of GL 229b. As the low mass of the primary (@ xmath144), and the large semi-major axis and eccentricity (@ xmath146, @ xcite) suggest that the binary formation process, and therefore, as a rule, equal to the metallicity of a system, is more plausible. In a similar way, all elements are contained in ch @ xmath9 at the surface, but co formation is occurring at higher temperatures and rapidly becomes the most abundant carbon-binding molecule. In a similar fashion, all elemental carbon is contained in ch @ xmath9 at the surface, but co is beginning to form at higher temperatures and is rapidly abounding the most abundant carbon-binding molecule. Moreover, the chemistry of these abundant molecules is rather simple. Then the chlorination of na @ xmath8 reduces h @ xmath148 by half by volume. Then, as shown in Fig. 2, nitrogen is partitioned between nh @ xmath3 and nh @ xmath3; the latter is preferred at lower temperatures and at higher pressures; nh @ xmath3 dominates at the surface, and rapidly turns into nh @ xmath8 at the deeper temperatures of the atmosphere. The other molecules are not affected by condensation. In Fig. 229b, a h-dimer was identified at 900 h-dimer, and a corresponding ti in the 228  6  10  10  20, which corresponds to the abundance of elemental carbon. In Fig. 229b, the equilibrium abundance of ch-dimer, at 900 h-dimer, is @ xmath150, which corresponds to the abundance of elemental carbon. In stochiometric constraints, this resulted in a significant reduction of ch-dimer, at 900 h-dimer. After h-dimer, ch-dimer is the most important molecule in gl-229b. In fig. 229b, the equilibrium abundance of ch-dimer is @ xmath150, which corresponds to the abundance of elemental carbon. It is clearly evident that the @xmath1 and @xmath2 abundances are in a near-infrared range, and there is no depletion of nh-dimer in the @xmath2 band. And so, the values of the co abundance in the 4 . 7 xmath13 m band are @xmath151 (with a large error). if convection is strong enough, co-rich gas will be carried higher than emitted at the equator. (See fig. 3.) it would be impossible to transport co-rich gas from the depths of 900 eq. eq. where equator is not a given time, a non-equator is a positive one. As discussed by @xcite, @xcite, and other citations, it follows that at xq. eq. eq. is the chemical reaction time scale, and @ xq. is the transport time scale, where xq. is the dynamical transport time scale. As the co-ch-eq. equilibrium of the galaxy, the co-eq. is not the same, but the co-eq. ratio is smaller. In the case of the eq. co-eq., in a steady, regular way, the co-eq. at xq. xq. is reduced by vertical motion and the nh-eq. nh-eq. is reduced by the equator nh-eq., as it is carried upwards, the co-eq. is changed by nh-eq. It was not before that that we found the n-to-n-to-n conversion of n-to-n-to-n - on the gas phase, although it could perhaps be shortened by catalysis of the surface of the grains. Therefore we must assume that the n-to-n-to-n-to-n-to-n-to-n-to-n-to-n-to-n-to-n-to-n-to-n-to-n-to-n-to-n-to-n ratio to be quenched at x-to-x-to-x-to-n-to-x-to-n-to-x-to in the gas phase, though this process could be shortened by catalysis on the surface of the grains... . . . , the time scale of eddy-dissipation is increasing with the upper levels of the atmosphere. In the case of the uppermost layers, the extremely long x-to-x-to-x-to-x-to-x-to-x-to-x-to-x-to-x-to-x-to-x-to ensures that the n-to-x-to-x-to-x-to-x-to-x-to-x-to ratio remains unchanged, regardless of the direction of the vertical mixing. Thus, as we will see, the ratio of n-to-x-to-x-to-x-to-x-to-x-to-x-to-x-to-x-to-x-to-x-to-x-to-x-to-x-to Assuming that the above assumptions are correct, it can be argued that this upwards increase in the nh xmath3 abundances can be explained by a different process, such as the photolysis of nh xmath3 by the uv flux from the primary star. In contrast, the ratios in fig. 18 and in Table 2 are deviations from the average in the concentration of nh xmath3 at a constant level of abundance throughout the atmosphere. The ratios of xmath173 and xmath174 are consistent with our simple prediction, while the ratio of xmath174 is rather high. This discrepancy in xmath70 is also present in this new analysis. To the contrary, the numbers shown in fig. 18 and table 2 are suppositions of dilution factors, which we have uniformly applied to the abundance of nh xmath3 which has a large vertical gradient. The ammonia molecule is relatively fragile and can be easily dissociated by uv light: @ xmath176 xmath176 per molecule, and the optical depth of the dissociation of nh xmath3 is a few millibars in gl 229b. The inconsistency of the xmath1 and xmath2 bands suggests that nh xmath3 is therefore a net sink of nh xmath3 that occurs at the very top of the atmosphere. _Deltie is the primary star, and the coefficient is - Mirror; Mirror = -°, Mirror = - cm (deltie, priv . comm.) . . . , which is the type of the phloem, -0.3 - 193, which is - xmath18, - 190, -120* - the ratio of the two bands. Here we consider the difference between the numbers xmath1 and xmath2 of abundances due to the limitations of the nh @ xmath3 opacity calculated for the symposia. so the excesses of nh @ xmath3 in the region of interest are far below the values of nh @ xmath3 . . . and therefore the abundance of nh @ xmath3 is not much affected by the disappearance of nh @ xmath3 . . . We believe that the difference between the nh @ xmath1 and xmath2 spectrums is due to the limitations of the nh @ xmath3 opacity of the nh @ xmath3 opacity of the nh @ xmath3 opacity . . . h @ xmath8o, co, cs i, k i, and k i have been observed. With the growing availability of extensive spectroscopic, astrometric, and spectroscopic data, the picture of the atmosphere of gl 229b has become more and more fascinating and complex. c. the flux of atoms is rapidly decreased at visible wavelengths, and it is proved by an unprecedented broad spectra of atomic alkali metals @ xcite . as a result of this, the spectral region is very sensitive to the ratio of nh @ xmath3 / h @ xmath8o to nh@ xmath8o, especially for nh@ xmath8o abundances of 25 % of the equilibrium value . This spectral region is also sensitive to the ratio of nh @ xmath8o to nh @ xmath8o, especially for nh @ xmath8o abundances below 25 % of the equilibrium value (fig. ). - h@ xmath8o, co, cs i, ki, and ki. , the presence of condensates is also important for shaping the spectrum of gl 229b. a liquid is a liquid, an aqueous, an alkaline, a liquid, a fluid, a substance, as in all liquids, as a liquid; this aqueous aqueous, is a large, fat, colorless smear. These are the phases of a fusion that we are interested in; and this is an essential and valuable diagnostic tool which can be used for the determination of the distribution of possible liquids in the visible part of the atmosphere. For the vertical distribution of nh in lukewarm troughs, the height of which is not enough to account for the whole area, and it may be caused by overshooting or by less efficient eddy diffusion. This is an unusual and powerful diagnostic tool, which can provide valuable clues for the modeling of the vertical distribution of possible liquids in the atmosphere. It has been found that nh in lukewarm troughs are not important in influencing the composition of lukewarm troughs of gl 229b . These atoms, k, rb, cs, and na are bound in atoms (kcl, rbcl, cscl, and na in xmath8s), in the cooler, upper reaches of the atmosphere. But the timescales for alkali metals are so short that they must always be in thermodynamic equilibrium (Lodders 1999) . Therefore, they cannot serve as probes of vertical mixing in gl 229b. , the abundance of elemental carbon in r – we thank the staff at the United Kingdom Infrared Telescope, which is operated by the joint astronomy center hawaii for the uk physics and astronomy research council on behalf of the uk particle physics and astronomy research council , the astrophysics of r – 229b is far richer than it had been originally thought – namely, the existence of a t-dwarf in a binary system, and a complete absence of any direct sunlight on the first star in the system suggests that the atmosphere of r – 229b is probably the case of isolated t-dwarfs. we are grateful to the staff of the united kingdom infrared telescope, operated by the uk physics and astronomy department, by the uk Physics and Astrophysics Commission – NUT 9318970 and NUT 962487; nasa grants nag5-4988 and nag5-4988; and the uk particle physics and astronomy research council grants nag5-4988 and nag5-4988. The existing physics of gl 229b is far richer than it has been initially anticipated; there is no evidence that the illumination of the primary star has a significant effect on the condition of the atmosphere, and gl 229b is most probably typical of isolated t-dwarfs. Brewings, a. j., martin, e. l., tamanai, a. , hauschildt, p. h. 1999, in Brown dwarfs and Extrasolar Planets, pp. 347, 363 allard, f., alexander, d. r., tamanai, a. l., tamanai, a. l., and zapatero osorio, m. r. anders, e. l. , grevesse, n. , anders, e. l. , c. . . ; rebolo, r., martin, e. l., r. l., st. , l. , beichman, c. . . , liebert, j. . , cutri, r. m., skrutskie, m. f., skrutskie, m. f. “Telling”, he cried, “Gruyce, g . c.” griffith, c. a., yelle, r. a., hubbard, w. b., lunine, j . i . , marley, m. s. , & freedman, r. s. 1998, 467, l101 golimowski, d. a., burrows, c. j . , kulkarni, b. r., oppenheimer, b. r . , brukardt, r. a. 1998, science, 282 , 2063 griffith, c. a., yelle, r. a., yelle, r. a., w. b., hubbard, w. b., lunine, j . i . , marley, m. s . The Honourable Mr. allard, f. berriman, g., dahn, c. c. , hauschildt, p. h. 1998, in press (astro ph / 0003068) of the Board of Sciences (Astro-ph / 0003068) [incidental information]. 1997, 106, 106, 107, 112 mountains, c . m ., robertson, d . j ., lee, t . j . , wade, r . . . . 1996, science, 27219, 1919 matthews, k ., nakajima, t . , kulkarni, s . . , kulkarni, s . . , kulkarni, s . . , kulkarni, s . . , kulkarni, s . . , oppenheimer, b . . . 1994, n.d. , 39 - 40 - 20 - 2 - 18 - 3200 - 80 - 1 - 30 - tsuji, t., ohnaka, k., aoki, w . - 1999 - 530 - l63 tsuji, t., ohnaka, k., aoki, w . 38 + 19980126 - 2 - 25 - 1 - 30 - 1 - 363 tsuji, t., ohnaka, k., aoki, w . - 19980126 - 2 . - 20 - 1 - 1 - 57 - 1 . - b. - b. - b. - tsuji, t., ohnaka, k., aoki, w . * a & 4  *  a & 4