Model involves Science.
Model involves Machine Learning.
Model Selection is the aims to select of Model.
Model Selection is the aims to select of Data.
Model Selection is the aims to select of Regularity.
Model Selection is the aims to select of Goodness-Of-Fit.
Model Selection is the aims to select of Complexity.
Model Selection is the aims to select of Generality.
Overfitting is the may cause of Model.
Underfitting is the may cause of Model.
Generality reflects Complexity.
Resampling Methods is the differs from of Model Selection.
Model Selection is the uses of Knowledge Criteria.
Knowledge Criteria uses Ac.
Knowledge Criteria uses Bic.
Bic is the favors of Penalisation.
Bic is the favors of Larger Models.
Bic is the favors of Penalisation.
Bic is the applies to of Acquiescence Method.
Data maps Original Space.
Original Space maps Higher Dimension.
Original Space maps Hilbert Space (Rkhs).
Kernel Methods is the focuses on of Kernel Selection.
Kernel Methods is the focuses on of Tuning Kernel Parameters.
Kernel Methods is the focuses on of Kernel-Based Judging.
Kernel-Based Judging is the focuses on of Kernel Selection.
Kernel-Based Judging is the focuses on of Tuning Kernel Parameters.
Kernel-Based Judging is the focuses on of Model Selection.
Kernel-Based Judging is the focuses on of Kernel Parameter.
Kernel-Based Judging is the focuses on of Kernel-Based Information Criterion (Kic).
Kernel-Based Judging is the focuses on of Kernel Logistic Regression.
Kernel-Based Judging is the focuses on of Support Vector Machines (Svm).
Kernel-Based Judging is the focuses on of Covariance-Based Indicator (Cic).
Kernel-Based Judging is the finds parameters for of Kernel Parameter Of A Ridge Regression.
Kernel-Based Judging is the finds parameters for of Kernel-Based Information Complexity (Ki-Comp).
Kernel-Based Judging is the finds parameters for of Gaussian Process Model (Gpr).
Kernel-Based Judging is the finds parameters for of Kernel-Based Information Criterion (Kic).
Kernel-Based Judging is the finds parameters for of Kernel-Based Regression.
Kernel-Based Judging is the finds parameters for of Kernel Ridge.
Kernel-Based Judging is the finds parameters for of Feature Map.
Kernel-Based Judging is the finds parameters for of Sloping Estimator.
Kernel-Based Judging is the finds parameters for of Regression Function.
Kernel-Based Judging is the finds parameters for of Coefficients.
Kernel-Based Judging is the finds parameters for of Covariance Matrix.
Kernel-Based Judging is the finds parameters for of Kernel-Based Closed Form Of Loocv.
Kernel-Based Judging is the finds parameters for of Hat Matrix.
Kernel-Based Judging is the finds parameters for of Maximizing The Log Of Marginal Likelihood (Gpr).
Kernel-Based Judging is the finds parameters for of Linear Operator.
Kernel-Based Judging is the finds parameters for of Hsic Measure.
Kernel-Based Judging is the finds parameters for of Cross-Covariance Operator.
Kernel-Based Judging is the finds parameters for of Covariance Matrix Associated With The Parameters Of The Model.
Nsr is the effect of Xmath159.
Xmath155 computes Icomp.
Xmath158 computes Kic.
Icomp is the better than of Abalone.
Kic is the best results of Abalone.
Loocv is the second best results of Abalone.
Kic is the better than of Puma-8Nm.
Kic is the better than of Gpr.
Kic is the equivalent to of Icomp.
Kic is the better than of Loocv.
Kic is the better than of Gpr.
Kic is the better than of Icomp.
Kic is the better than of Loocv.
Kic is the outperforms of Loocv.
Kic is the balances accuracy and complexity of Loocv.
Kic is the robust against noise of Loocv.
Kic is the consistent in tuning and selecting parameters of Loocv.
Kic is the smaller or comparable mean squared values of Loocv.
Kic is the generates stronger regressors of Loocv.