Laser Cooling applys Atoms.
Laser Cooling applys Ions.
Laser Cooling is the successful of Technique.
Atoms cools Ground State.
Ground State is the in of Harmonic Potential.
Internal Levels combines Xmath0.
Internal Levels combines Xmath1.
Xmath0 connects Excited State.
Xmath1 connects Excited State.
Oblique Regime is the negligible of Xmath9.
Motion State changes Phonon.
System cools Phonon.
Atom transfers Xmath0.
Xmath0 is the coherently transferred by raman pulse of Xmath1.
Atom is the re-spread into by laser of Xmath0.
Laser is the resonant with of Xmath3.
Procedure is the involves of Alternating Pulses.
Atom is the coherently transferred by raman pulse of Xmath0.
Atom is the re-spread into by laser of Xmath0.
Procedure is the involves of Alternating Pulses.
Branching Ratios is the excludes of Studies.
Branching Ratios is the in of Treatment.
Branching Ratios is the effect on cooling of Dawn-Radiant Region.
Calculations is the quantify effect of Branching Ratios.
Calculations is the cooling of of Domain.
Three-Level Atom is the internal state of Ground State.
Three-Level Atom is the internal state of Stable.
Three-Level Atom is the internal state of Metastable.
Three-Level Atom is the internal state of Excited State.
Excited State is the of of Radiative Width.
Radiative Width is the of of Xmath17.
Xmath17 is the with probability of decay of Dipole Transitions.
Spectacles is the transition of Resonantly Driving.
Spectacles is the with of Rabi Frequency.
Relaxation Super Operator is the found of Dipole Pattern.
Dipole Pattern is the of of Spontaneous Emission.
Coherent Pulse transfers Atom.
Coherent Pulse is the coherently transferred to of Xmath0.
Reverberation is the of of Wave Vector.
Wave Vector is the on effective two-level transition of Xmath90.
Lamb-Drew is the where of Xmath83.
Xmath83 bes Lamb-Drew.
Xmath69 substitutes Xmath79.
Xmath79 finds Xmath80.
Xmath80 uses Relation.
Pressure is the reduction to of Atom.
System is the still in regime of Xmath101.
System is the finally of Scattered Into.
Dynamics describes Rate Equation.
Rate Equation is the for of Motion State.
Rate Equation is the of sum of two terms of Real Part.
Real Part is the at frequency of of Dipole Force.
Real Part is the from spontaneous emission of Diffusion Coefficient.
Diffusion Coefficient is the determination of coefficient of Cooling.
Rate Equation is the affects of Diffusion Coefficient.
Rate Equation is the proportional to of Average Resonant Number.
Rate Equation is the affects of Diffusion Coefficient.
Rate Equation is the proportional to of Steady State Average Vibrational Number.
Rhs compares Complete Expression.
Rhs is the for different values of Xmath97.
Energy is the average rise of of Xmath111.
Counteract is the necessary to consider of Energy.
Counteract is the on of Projection.
Projection is the of coherent pulse of Two-Photon Wave Vector.
Master Equation is the acquires of Form.
Diffusion decreases Efficiency Of Cooling.
Volume is the of of Beam.
Frequency increases Decay.
Cooling Efficiency is the as xmath120 increases of Increases.
Eq takes Order.
Eq is the for of Xmath110.
Eq follows Eq.
Eq uses Laser.
Eq uses Fourth Laser.
Eq is the cyclic aligned to of Transition.
Eq is the same as of Solution.
Eq couples Second Excited State.
Second Excited State is the via recycled laser tuned to transition of Xmath134.
Total Heating is the for of Minimum.
Total Heating obtains Xmath146.
Laser Intensity mixs Repumping Lasers.
Laser Intensity removes Degeneracy.
Authors is the acknowledge of Stimulating Discussions.
Ramans In Atoms gives Account.
Ramans In Atoms is the range of of Conditions.
Ramans In Atoms enumerates Proposal.
Ground-State Cooling is the new kind of of Fmrx.
Momentum Of Radiation is the in of Constant Quantity.
Momentum Of Radiation is the total of Scattering Event.
Terms is the between vibrational states of Coherence.
Terms is the with respect to of Order.
Terms is the in control of of Populations.