Stephan'S Quintet is the main element of Primary Shock.
Primary Shock is the collision of Intruder Galaxy Ngc 7318B.
Intruder Galaxy Ngc 7318B is the collision of Medium Of The Group Xcite.
Collision is the cause of Gas Heating.
Primary Shock is the heating cause of Gas Heating.
Primary Shock is the location of Extranuclear Star Formation Region.
Extranuclear Star Formation Region is the formation of Spherical H.
Radio Jet is the heating mechanism of Host Galaxy Ism.
Radio Jet is the heating mechanism of Agn.
Agn is the insufficient mechanism of Star Formation.
Ultraviolet is the relationship of Uv.
Ultraviolet is the relationship of Dust.
Hydrogen heats Mechanical Heating.
Radio Continuum is the detection of X-Ray.
Mips Instrument is the observation of Stephan'S Quintet.
Buchanan is the collaborator of Gallimore.
Buchanan is the collaborator of Odea.
Buchanan is the collaborator of Baum.
Buchanan is the collaborator of Elitzur.
Buchanan is the collaborator of Elvis.
Calzetti is the collaborator of Dekel.
Calzetti is the collaborator of Sari.
Calzetti is the collaborator of Elvis.
Dale is the collaborator of Elvis.
Dale is the collaborator of Draine.
Dale is the collaborator of Draine.
Dale is the collaborator of Dalgarno.
Egami is the collaborator of Rieke.
Egami is the collaborator of Fadda.
Egami is the collaborator of Hines.
Genzel is the collaborator of Fredet.
Genzel is the collaborator of Groo.
Genzel is the collaborator of Xu.
Genzel is the collaborator of Elmegreen.
Guillard is the collaborator of Boulanger.
Guillard is the collaborator of Cluver.
Guillard is the collaborator of Appleton.
Hewitt is the collaborator of Rho.
Hewitt is the collaborator of Andersen.
Hewitt is the collaborator of Reach.
Ho is the collaborator of Luynbach.
Ho is the collaborator of Bb.
Ho is the collaborator of Bicay.
Ho is the collaborator of Mckee.
Ho is the collaborator of Fabian.
Martn-Hernndez is the collaborator of Vermeij.
Martn-Hernndez is the collaborator of Tielens.
Martn-Hernndez is the collaborator of Van Der Hulst.
Martn-Hernndez is the collaborator of Peeters.
Pietsch is the collaborator of Trinchieri.
Pietsch is the collaborator of Arp.
Pietsch is the collaborator of Sulentic.
Neufeld is the collaborator of Hollenbach.
Neufeld is the collaborator of Kaufman.
Neufeld is the collaborator of Snell.
Neufeld is the collaborator of Melnick.
Neufeld is the collaborator of Bergin.
Neufeld is the collaborator of Sonnentrucker.
Neufeld is the collaborator of Esullivan.
Neufeld is the collaborator of Giacintucci.
Neufeld is the collaborator of Vrtilek.
Neufeld is the collaborator of Raychaudhury.
Neufeld is the collaborator of David.
Rick is the collaborator of Rigopoulou.
Rick is the collaborator of Kunze.
Rick is the collaborator of Lutz.
Rick is the collaborator of Genzel.
Rick is the collaborator of Moorwood.
Rosa is the collaborator of Ffido.
Rosa is the collaborator of Dultzin-Hacyan.
Rosa is the collaborator of Verdes-Montenegro.
Osullivan is the collaborator of Weedman.
Osullivan is the collaborator of Garrington.