Mesoscopic Interference is the investigates of Discrete Spectral Spectrum.
Discrete Spectral Spectrum is the involves of Interacting Systems.
Coulomb-Blockaded is the exhibits of Quantum-Dimens.
Coulomb-Blockaded is the causes of Asymmetric Lines.
Coulomb-Blockaded is the causes of Fano Effect.
Quantum-Dimens is the results in of Asymmetric Lines.
Quantum-Dimens is the results in of Fano Effect.
Fano Effect is the leads to of Fano Resonances.
Fano Resonances is the modulates of Mesoscopic Transport.
Magnetic Flux applys Ring-Dot System.
Cobalt Atom observes Gold Surface.
Experimental Realization is the presents of Coupled-Dot Structure.
Low Temperature Transport Calculation is the applies to of Coupled-Dot Structure.
Model Of The Ring-Dot System links Scattering Matrix.
Scattering Matrix uses Fano Formula.
Current Peak Of The Dot is the shows of Asymmetric Lines.
Electrostatic Coupling is the averages of Ring.
Double-Layered System is the contains of Two-Dimensional Conductive Gas.
Amplitude Of The Dot measures Source.
Ac Bias Voltage applys Top Gate.
Top Gate is the changes in of Top Electrodes.
Electron Density is the tunes of Ring.
Number Of Electrons is the affects of Dot.
Source And Drain is the influences of Current Coupling.
Magnetic Field is the calibrates of Ring.
Ring is the coheres with of Dot.
Ring is the acts as of Fano-Splitter.
Unitary Scattering Matrix describes Symmetrical Beam Splitter.
Finite Phase Coherence Length is the determines of Phase Coherence Length.
Re-Injected Velocity is the asserts to of Structure.
Amplitude Of The Wire is the affects of Two-Tactile Conductance.
Conservation Of The Structure requires Symmetries.
Symmetries is the fulfills of Onsager Relation.
Decoherence In The Quantum Dot is the influences of Cross-Coupling.
Coulomb Interactions is the occur between of Electrons On The Sphere.
Sphere is the main cause of Decoherence.
Sphere is the main source of decoherence of Fano Effect.
Dot suppresss Magnetic Field.
Dot is the estimate of Contribution.
Contribution is the smaller than of Peaks.
Contribution is the smaller than of Xmath0.
Contribution is the smaller than of Xmath122.
Contribution is the little effect on of Influence.
System is the negligible of Cross-Coupling.
Quantum Dots is the addition between of Energy.
Quantum Dots determines Resonances.
Resonances is the also by of Space Quantization.
Resonances is the also by of Coulomb Interaction.
Sphere is the main source of decoherence of Extra Leads.
Simultaneous Measurements is the estimate of Xmath1.
Contribution is the smaller than of Dips.
Contribution is the smaller than of Peaks.
Contribution is the smaller than of Xmath0.
Contribution is the smaller than of Xmath122.
Contribution is the little influence on of Influence.
Data is the enables to identify of Scattering Matrix.
Scattering Matrix embeds Structure.
Structure identifys Diffusing Unit.
Diffusing Unit embeds Abring.
Temperature is the disappears with of Fano Effect.
Abring is the absorption in of Ring.
Gate Voltage is the adjust of Coupling.
Spin is the not necessary for of Interference.
Kondo Correlations is the negligible of Interference.