Supernovae Type Ia is the confirmation of Cosmic Microwave Background.
Cosmic Microwave Background is the cause of Dark Energy.
Cosmic Microwave Background is the cause of Dark Matter.
Dark Energy is the cause of Galaxies.
Dark Matter is the cause of Galaxies.
Cosmological Model is the benefit of Dark Energy.
Cosmological Model is the benefit of Dark Matter.
Cosmological Model is the description of Hubble Parameter.
Cosmological Model is the introduction of Fluids.
Cosmological Model is the introduction of Scalar Fields.
Cosmological Model is the description of Fyodor Pavlovitch.
Planck Collaboration is the confirmation of Dm/De Interaction.
Hubble Parameter is the description of Hubble Parameter Value.
Dynamical De is the deviation of Dm.
Interfacing De is the deviation of Dm.
Exotic De is the suggestion of Dm.
Dm is the description of Dm/De Ratio.
Dm is the explanation of Attractor Solutions.
Experimental Facilities tests Dark Regions.
Experimental Facilities tests Matter And Radiation Density.
Experimental Facilities tests Special Velocities.
Experimental Facilities tests Gravitational Fields.
De Task Force (Detf) is the advisory of De.
De Task Force (Detf) is the summary of Experimental Approaches.
De Task Force (Detf) is the proposal of Cluster Of Merit.
Density Contrast is the description of Xmath64.
Snia is the extension of Galaxy Clustering.
Snia is the extension of Gravitational Lensing.
Astrometry is the data source of Fengshui Algorithm.
Fengshui Algorithm is the data source of Bao.
Fengshui Algorithm is the data source of Power Spectrum.
Fengshui Algorithm is the data source of Star-Redshift Data.
Fengshui Algorithm is the data source of Javalambre Physics Of The Accelerated Universe Astronomy Survey (J-Section).
Ultra-Deep Field is the description of Photometric Redshift.
Paradise Starrs is the equipment setup of Polarization-Sensitive Receiver.
Polarization-Sensitive Receiver is the measurement of Power Spectrum.
Spectroscopic Survey (Des) is the location of Mayall Telescope.
Spectroscopic Survey (Des) is the focus of Acme Skylites.
Javalambre Physics Of The Accelerating Universe (Aka Jpa) is the focus of Galaxies.
Sabre Telescope locates Lsst.
Hi Galaxy measures 21 Cm Line.
Wfmos surveys Black And White Galaxy.
Large Synoptic Survey Telescope is the same as of Lsst.
Wilkinson Microwave Anisotropy Probe is the same as of Wmap.
Planck Collaboration releases Planck-Planet.
Euclid is the generates of Euclid Data.
Euclid is the complements of Wfirst.
Euclid is the complements of Ska.
Euclid proposes Cosmic Origins.
Euclid comes Polarization Study Program Definition Committee.