Renormalization Group is the parameter of of Number Of Colors.
Renormalization Group is the parameter of of Electric Charge Of The Quark.
Renormalization Group is the parameter of of Coefficient.
Renormalization Group is the parameter of of Number Of Active Flavors.
Renormalization Group is the parameter of of Mass Of The Quark.
Renormalization Group is the method of of Renormalization.
Renormalization Group is the method of of K-Means.
Summation is the method of of Contribution.
Summation is the method of of Qcd Xcite.
Summation is the parameter of of C.
Summation is the parameter of of Alpha.
Summation is the parameter of of Lambda.
Numerical Stability is the property of of Rgi Formula.
Epochs is the concept of of Hadrons.
Resummation is the method of of Higher-Order Terms.
Amplitude is the property of of Squared Amplitude.
Correction is the method of of Parameter.
Perturbative Qcd is the property of of Perpendicularity.
Perturbative Qcd is the property of of Running Mass.
Perturbative Qcd is the method of of Xcite.
Perturbative Qcd is the concept of of Interposed.
Perturbative Qcd is the concept of of Terent.
World Average is the property of of Xcite.
Scaling-Dependent Correlation is the property of of 2-Loop Scatic Potential.
Scaling-Dependent Correlation is the property of of 3-Loop-Running Xmath0.
Scaling-Dependent Correlation is the property of of Phenomenological Qcd-Motivated Static Potential.
Scaling-Dependent Correlation is the property of of Short-Distance Contribution.
Scaling-Dependent Correlation is the property of of Long-Distance Linear Confining Term.
Scaling-Dependent Correlation is the property of of Infrared Stability.
Effect Of First Corrections is the property of of Ratio Of Widths.
Effect Of First Corrections is the property of of Decays.
Effect Of First Corrections is the property of of Uncertainties.
Effect Of First Corrections is the property of of Relativistic Corrections.
Effect Of First Corrections is the property of of Initial States.
Scale Stability is the property of of Experimental Accuracy.
Mass Of Atoms is the property of of Bodwin And Chen.
Mass Of Atoms is the property of of Cancellation Of The Initial State Corrections.
Mg is the concept of of Lepton.
Mg is the concept of of Charmonium.
Mg is the property of of Realistic Estimates.
Organizing Committee is the concept of of Author.
Organizing Committee is the concept of of Antonio Vairo.
Organizing Committee is the concept of of Nora Brambilla.
Adrian is the person of of B'Str 211.
Adrian is the person of of B'St.
Adrian is the person of of Braaten.
Adrian is the person of of S. Narison.
Adrian is the person of of A Pich.
K- Ctan is the person of of K- Pich.
K- Ctan is the person of of Melnikov.
K- Ctan is the person of of Ritbergen.
F. Krajewski is the person of of A. Pivovarov.
F. Krajewski is the person of of J. Broadhurst.
F. Krajewski is the person of of W. Grafe.
F. Krajewski is the person of of K. Schilcher.
F. Krajewski is the person of of N. Gray.