Collisionless Shocks is the understood by of In Situ Measurements.
Collisionless Shocks is the core element of of Diffusive Shock Acceleration (Dsa).
Collisionless Shocks reacts Crs.
Crs reacts Bulk Flow.
Crs reacts Mhd-Flag Turbulence.
Mhd-Flag Turbulence is the main factor in of Diffusion Coefficient.
Crs is the central to of Astrophysical Problems.
Diffusive Shock Acceleration (Dsa) is the well known from of Physical Basis.
Diffusive Shock Acceleration (Dsa) measures Heliospheric Eddy.
Diffusive Shock Acceleration (Dsa) is the well known from of Analytic And Numerical Calculations.
Diffusive Shock Acceleration (Dsa) is the captures of Significant Fraction Of The Energy.
Diffusive Shock Acceleration (Dsa) is the drawn from of Nonlinear And Time-Dependent Effects.
Numerical Models is the enables to get of Insights Into The Behavior Of Dsa.
Numerical Models is the utilizes of Assumed Diffusion Coefficient.
Continuum Method haves Kinetic Equation For Each Component.
Continuum Method haves Compression-Weighted Fluid.
Bulk Plasma adds Dynamic Equations.
Bulk Plasma is the possible by of Self-Consistent Closed System Of Equations.
Bulk Plasma expects Co-Resonant Scattering Lengths.
Bulk Plasma is the usually of Increasing Functions Of Particle Rigidity.
Bulk Plasma is the due to of Extremely Wide Range Of Cr Momenta.
Bulk Plasma is the extends to of Nonrelativistic Momenta.
Bulk Plasma defines Kinetic Coefficient Of A Gas-Tank.
Bulk Plasma defines Weight Of The Aqueous Mixture.
Bulk Plasma is the ensures of Normalization Of The Kinetic Coefficient.
Bulk Plasma provides Efficient Linearization Of The Local Distribution.
Bulk Plasma provides Spatial Grid.
Bulk Plasma is the exceeds of Outer Scale.
Bulk Plasma needs Spatially Correcting Preconditions.
Bulk Plasma describes Shock Forming.
Bulk Plasma describes Spatial Diffusion Of The Cr.
Bulk Plasma describes Modified Structure.
Berezhko And His Collaborators is the developed of Method.
Berezhko And His Collaborators is the at of Normalizes The Spatial Value.
Berezhko And His Collaborators is the corresponds to of Momentum Value Of Interest.
Berezhko And His Collaborators determines Kinetic Value Of The Revolution.
Kang At Xcite implements Diffusive Transport.
Kang At Xcite implements Multi-Level Adaptive Mesh Refinement (Amr) Environment.
Kang At Xcite requires Highest Resolutions.
Kang At Xcite treats Subshock.
Kang At Xcite is the satisfies of Discontinuity.
Kang At Xcite is the not directly addressed by of Main Computational Cost.
Kang At Xcite explains Much More Expensive Than Hydrodynamic And Mhd Simulations.
Kang At Xcite is the physical of Dependency Of @Xmath8.
Kang At Xcite is the physical of Momentum Of Each Cr Constituent.
Kang At Xcite requires Spatial Evolution Of The Kinetic Equation.
Kang At Xcite requires Multiple Momentum Levels.
Kang At Xcite requires Momentum Coverage.
Kang At Xcite requires More Than 100 Grid Points.
Kang At Xcite introduces Physics Of Raped Particles.
Kang At Xcite provides Corresponding Solution To The Kinetic Equation.
Kang At Xcite is the substitutes of Fundamental Moments Of Raped Particles.
Kang At Xcite uses Discrete Set Of Finite Volumes.
Kang At Xcite is the reduces computational effort to of Reconstruction Of Raped Particles.
Kang At Xcite is the comparable to of Hydrodynamics.
Kang At Xcite applys Transport Of Particles.
Kang At Xcite dos Deposition Of The Particles.
Kang At Xcite dos Spatial Or Kinetic Diffusion.
Kang At Xcite is the not observable in natural way of Evolution Of Raped Particles.
Kang At Xcite extends Analytical Test Of Particle Solutions.
Kang At Xcite extends Cgmv Method.
Kang At Xcite treats Fully Nonlinear Clumsy Shocks.
Kang At Xcite outlines Basic Cgmv Method.
Kang At Xcite presents Implementation In Eulerian Hydrodynamic Codes.
Kang At Xcite describes Momentum Advection.
Kang At Xcite requires Momentum Diffusion Terms.
Kang At Xcite uses Low-Order Finite Difference Methods.
Kang At Xcite uses Momentum Coordinate.
Kang At Xcite neglects Cr Inertia.
Kang At Xcite is the very small of Mass Fraction Of The Crs.
Kang At Xcite requires Momentum Coverage.
Kang At Xcite provides Piecewise Powerlaw.
Kang At Xcite requires Momentum Advection.
Kang At Xcite provides Two-Parameter Subgrid Model.
Kang At Xcite balances Momentum Bins.
Kang At Xcite is the adaptable to of Universal Or Non-Uniform Size Of The Bins.
Kang At Xcite expands Momentum Range.
Kang At Xcite obtains Coefficients Of Equation.
Kang At Xcite uses Solutions To Equations.
Kang At Xcite follows Evolution Of The Waves.
Kang At Xcite is the dissipates by of Resonant Patterns.
Kang At Xcite defines Spatial And Energy Diffusion Coefficients.
Bohm Diffusion Model is the application of Bohm Diffusion.
Tl Injection Model is the application of Bohm Diffusion.
Fd is the formulation of Tl Injection Model.
Cgmv is the formulation of Tl Injection Model.
Figs. is the illustration of Fd.
Figs. is the illustration of Cgmv.
Xmath198 is the higher distribution of Cgmv.
Math32 is the comparison of Xmath198.
Gas Temperature is the stabilization of Shock.
Concave Form is the development of Distribution Function.
Cr Distribution is the relationship of Cr Distribution.
Particles is the sensitivity of Waves.
Collision is the formation of Particles.
Phase-Space Configurations is the influence of Particles.
Kinetic Equations couples Diffusion Convection Equation.
Diffusion Convection Equation couples Hydrodynamic Equations.
Momentum Bins is the improvement of Cgmv.
Diffusion Coefficient is the comparison of Finite Difference.
Rc Altered Shocks models Finite-Volume Method.
Finite-Volume Method models Rc Altered Shocks.
Absorption Theory is the support of Cyclocyclism.
Excitations Of A Slackening is the interaction of Bohm Diffusion.
Self-Contrary Treatment is the contrast of Diffusive Diffusion.
Red Lines is the association of Stars.
Pre-Existing Cr Population is the correspondence of Upstream Cr Pressure.
Shock is the representation of Heavy Dashed Lines.
Shock is the representation of Red Solid Lines.
Shock is the representation of Xs.