Metallic Nanoparticles is the properties of Magnetic Nanowires.
Metallic Nanoparticles is the properties of Magnetic Nanotubes.
Metallic Nanoparticles is the properties of Magnetic Nanorods.
Theories is the classification of Mean Field.
Theories is the classification of Effective Field.
Theories is the classification of Green Functions Formalism.
Theories is the classification of Variational Cumulant Expansion.
Theories is the classification of Monte Carlo Models.
Nanoparticles is the properties of Lcmn.
Transverse Layer investigates Magnetization.
Ferrimagnetism is the study of Nanoscaled Metallic Layers.
Magneton investigates Interface.
Transverse Layer investigates Thickness.
Heisenberg Model investigates Hysterical Hysteresis.
Dynamic Transition indicates Dynamic Order Parameter.
Ultrafast Lasers applys Nanoparticles.
Neutrino Magnetic Resonance is the comparison of Cubic Ferrinoid Particle.
Ion-Elastic Core surrounds Ion-Elastic Shell.
Ion-Elastic Shell surrounds Dielectric Ferromagnetic Shell.
Cubic Ferrinoid Particle is the form of Subscattering.
Microhedonic Loops calculates Magnetic Field.
External Field triggers Magnetic Field.
Antiferromagnetic Interface is the presence of Core.
Antiferromagnetic Interface is the presence of Shell.
Phase Diagrams presents Oscillation Periods.
Magnetic Interactions is the weaker of Ferromagnetic Exchange.
Core is the undergo of Dynamic Phase Transition.
Shell is the undergo of Dynamic Phase Transition.
Core is the dynamic phase transition of Shell.
Thermoelectrical Response analyzes Magnetic Fields.
Hysteretic Response analyzes Magnetic Fields.
Resonant Magnetic Field defines Couplings.
Antiferromagnetic Coupling is the influence of Dynamic Phase Transition.
Dynamic Parameters is the temperature dependencies of Antiferromagnetic Coupling.
Compensating Point predicts Equilibrium Properties.
Total Magnetization defines Core.
Total Magnetization defines Shell.
Magnetic Behavior represents Metal.
Xmath1 is the increases proportionally of Xmath1.
Xmath76 is the decreases with of Xmath61.
Xmath43 is the becomes zero by complete cancellation of magnetization of Xmath43.
Xmath13 is the interfacial interaction strength of Xmath86.
Xmath2 is the interfacial interaction strength of Xmath86.
Xmath91 is the changes of Xmath91.
Xmath70 magnetizes Xmath70.
Xmath70 reachs Xmath70.
Xmath91 attains Xmath91.
Xmath91 is the increases of Xmath91.
Xmath91 is the changes of Xmath91.
Xmath91 is the shape changes of Xmath91.
Xmath91 is the maximum phase lag of Xmath91.
Xmath91 attains Xmath91.
Xmath91 is the triple hysteresis loops of Xmath91.