Efar Project is the aim of Strong Correlations.
Strong Correlations is the correlations of Global Properties.
Global Properties embodys Early Galaxies.
Global Properties embodys Fundamental Plane.
Fundamental Plane is the measure distances of Clusters Of Galaxies.
Fundamental Plane is the constrain of Dynamical Properties.
Fundamental Plane is the constrain of Evolutionary Histories.
Fundamental Plane is the imply ratio of mass to light of Slope.
Slope is the implies ratio of mass to light of Mass To Light Ratio.
Slope is the implies scattering of Scattering.
Fundamental Plane tests Redshifts.
Redshifts is the differ from present-day galaxies of Early Type Galaxies.
Early Type Galaxies is the consistent with effects of Passive Evolutionary Effects.
Early Type Galaxies is the affect molarity of Star Formation Histories.
Star Formation Histories is the affect molarity of Mass-To-Light Ratio.
Star Formation Histories is the affect molarity of Stellar Population.
Sample is the collect data of Spectroscopic Data.
Spectroscopic Data is the measure swarming and velocity indexes of Galaxies.
Galaxies is the combine data of Swarming.
Swarming is the compare with literature of Literature.
Swarming is the measure redshifts and velocity dispersions of Redshifts And Velocity Dispersions.
Redshifts And Velocity Dispersions is the show errors of Errors.
Errors is the measure using lick system of Lick System.
Lick System is the calibrate results of Zero-Point Corrections.
Zero-Point Corrections is the review fits of Ml Fits.
Ml Fits is the examine residuals of Residuals.
Residuals is the omit outliers of Outliers.
Outliers is the simulate scatter of Simulations.
Simulations is the compare with observations of Observed Scatter.
Galaxy Population is the signal mass of Luminous Flux.
Luminous Flux is the calculate scattering of X-Rays.
X-Rays is the calculate scattering of Temperature.
X-Rays is the calculate scattering of Mass.
Cluster Dispersions is the calculate ratios of Ratios.
Galaxy S True Distance is the estimate density of Density Of The Region.
Density Of The Region is the relate to velocity of Radius Of The Region.
Radius Of The Region is the relate to velocity of Velocity Of The Cluster.
Chemical Enrichment is the integrate of Color Magnitude.
Color Magnitude is the reproduce of Relation Of Color.
Elliptical Galaxies begins Sampling.
Sampling is the assess scatter of Intrinsic Scatter.
Mean Stellar Population is the contribute to errors of Errors In Fp Estimates.
John Doe is the author of Disintegration Of Ages And Metallicities In Early Galaxies.
Vazdekis mentions Disintegration Of Ages And Metallicities In Early Galaxies.
Jrgensen is the agreement of Vazdekis.
Worthy mentions Disintegration Of Ages And Metallicities In Early Galaxies.
Greggio mentions Disintegration Of Ages And Metallicities In Early Galaxies.