Solar Corona heats Temperature.
Solar Corona plays Magnetic Fields.
Photosphere converts Thermal Energy.
Photosphere converts Magnetic Fields.
Photosphere converts Waves.
Granulation is the generates of Mhd Waves.
Granulation directs Magnetic Flux Tubes.
Magnetic Disturbances is the creates of Granulation Of Magnetic Fluxes.
Granulation Of Magnetic Fluxes is the dissipate energy in of Mhd Waves.
Energy is the dissipation comes from of Magnetohydrodynamic Waves.
Energy is the dissipation comes from of Magnetic Reconnections.
Energy Required is the less than of Energy.
Observatories locates Mountain Of The Tree Of The Mountain.
Observatories is the consist of of Lyot Type.
Observatories is the consist of of Secis Instrument.
Secis Instrument is the consist of of Ccd Cameras.
Secis Instrument is the consist of of Optomechanical Interface.
Optical System is the consist of of Objective Lens.
Optical System is the consist of of Primary Diaphragm.
Optical System is the consist of of Artificial Moon.
Telescope is the consist of of Occulting Disk.
Telescope is the consist of of Field Lens.
Telescope is the consist of of Parallel Disc-And-Repeat Optic.
Parallel Disc-And-Repeat Optic arranges Lenses.
Lenses extracts Coronal Rays Of Light.
Mountain Of The Tree Of The Mountain locates Observatories.
Lyot Coronagraph is the consist of of Secis Instrument.
Front Part is the consists of of Lens.
Front Part is the consists of of Primary Diaphragm.
Lens is the shines the sun 's light from of Optical Axis.
Lens fixs Field Lens.
Field Lens is the in of Hole.
Parallel Disc-And-Repeat Optic sews Lenses.
Parallel Disc-And-Repeat Optic lays Optic.
Parallel Disc-And-Repeat Optic arranges Optic.
Parallel Disc-And-Repeat Optic connects Lomnicky-Peak Coronagraph.
Beam directs Splitter.
Beam is the passes through of Filters.
Filters gets Mirror.
Mirror reflects Ccd Camera.
Beam reflects Mirror.
Mirror is the passes a of Filter.
Filter reflects Mirror.
Mirror focuss Ccd Camera.
Mirror focuss Ccd Camera.
Aluminum Box makes Optical System.
Astronomical Equipment builds British Team Of Physico-Chemical Laboratories.
Coronal Rays Of Light extracts Instrument.
Coronal Rays Of Light detects Purpose.
Coronal Rays Of Light is the same in of Source Of Light.
Filter uses Optical System.
Filter fits Thermostat.
Filters With Passbands centers Green Ray Of Light.
Cameras is the commands to of Signal Pulse.
Signal Pulse is the capture an image at of Cameras.
Cameras records Images.
Data collects Personal Computer.
Data obtains Personal Computer.
Secis Instrument uses Observation.
Secis Instrument is the observation of of Flares On The Xmath13.
Secis Instrument uses Multi-Channel Inductive Double-Pass Spectrograph.
Secis Instrument uses Large Coronagraph.
Secis Instrument uses Horizontal Telescope.
Biakow Observatory instals Secis Instrument.
Biakow Observatory measures Radiance.
Biakow Observatory measures Central Wavelength Of The Filters.
Biakow Observatory measures Wavelength Of The Slits.
Biakow Observatory measures Width Of The Slits.
Lyot Coronagraph At The Lombardy Observatory instals Lyot Coronagraph.
Lyot Coronagraph At The Lombardy Observatory is the permit measurements of of Lyot Coronagraph.
Lyot Coronagraph At The Lombardy Observatory is the permit measurements of of Active Regions.
Lyot Coronagraph At The Lombardy Observatory is the permit measurements of of Coronal Sky.
Spectral Resolution is the less than of Dark Current Level.
Services provides Astronomical Institute.
Services provides Slovak Academy Of Sciences.
Grant grants Contract No. Apvv-0066-06.
Contract No. Apvv-0066-06 entrusts Science Of Astronomy.
Contract No. Apvv-0066-06 supports Staff.
Contract No. Apvv-0066-06 entrusts Institute Of Astronomy.