Blazars is the show of Non-Thermal Spectrums.
Non-Thermal Spectrums is the may arise from of Low-Energy Peaks.
Low-Energy Peaks is the originates from of Synchrotron Emission.
Non-Thermal Spectrums believes Inverse Compton Emission.
Inverse Compton Emission is the by the same non-thermal of Population Of Electrons.
Population Of Electrons is the responsible for of Synchrotron Radiation.
Synchrotron Radiation is the synchrotron self-coordinated of Synchrotron Photons.
Synchrotron Photons is the at xcite of Ssc Model.
Ssc Model assumes Accelerated Electron Density.
Accelerated Electron Density is the with exponents of Broken Power Law.
Broken Power Law haves Exponents.
Accelerated Electron Density is the the minimum , the maximum and break-lorentz factors for of Lorentz Factors.
Active Galactic Nuclei (Agn) believes Super Gigantic Black Hole (Smbh).
Super Gigantic Black Hole (Smbh) surrounds Accretion Disk.
Active Galactic Nuclei (Agn) views Jets.
Jets bes Blazars.
Blazars thinks Energy Peak.
Energy Peak bes Electron Synchrotron Emission.
Energy Peak bes Electron Enphases.
Inverse Compton Energy Density is the more than of Thermal Energy Density.
Source Activity uses Data Sets.
Levenberg-Marquardt Method requires Partial Derivatives.
Partial Derivatives is the of in respect of of Ssc Parameters.
Ssc Parameters haves Sampled Sed.
Sampled Sed is the of the parameters with the source activity of Sed Proportion.
Sed Proportion is the of the behavior of parameters with of Observation Period.
Numerical Sed determines Levenberg-Marquardt Method.
Levenberg-Marquardt Method is the by comparing the proportions of of Partial Derivatives.
Partial Derivatives is the with respect to the ssc parameters of Sed Proportion.
Proportions haves Increment.
Increment is the to a sufficiently small , dynamically adjusted of Sed Proportion.
Increment is the in the of Four Couplings.
Four Couplings bes Anti-Relative Correlation.
Anti-Relative Correlation is the and compton frequencies of the radiation emitted by a of Synchrotron Frequencies.
Plasma is the towards the of Relativistic Motion.
Relativistic Motion is the by a system where the synchrotron power and peak frequency remain constant in the presence of varying source activity by decreasing the magnetic field and increasing the number of of Observer.
System is the leads to an increase in of Electron-Photon Scattering Efficiency.
Electron-Photon Scattering Efficiency is the and hence a higher of Compton Power.
Four Couplings is the the residuals are normal at five % confidence of Ks Test.