Charge Migration is the discovery of Dna Molecule.
Dna Molecule is the role of Oxidative Damage.
Dna Molecule is the role of Repair.
Dna Molecule is the application of Electronics.
Dna Molecule is the subject of research of Charge Migration.
Dna Molecule is the research focus of Transfer Properties.
Transfer Properties is the research focus of Orbital Overlapping.
Transfer Properties is the research focus of Activation Energy.
Transfer Properties is the research focus of Ip.
Transfer Properties is the research focus of Reorganization Energy.
Transfer Properties is the research focus of Nucleobases.
Transfer Properties is the research focus of Bases.
Charge Migration is the method of charge transfer of Superexchange Charge Transfer.
Charge Migration is the method of charge transfer of Incoherent Hopping.
Superexchange Charge Transfer influences Dna Molecule.
Incoherent Hopping influences Dna Molecule.
Nucleobases is the research focus of Transfer Properties.
Bases is the research focus of Transfer Properties.
Charge Migration is the effect of Charge Swarming.
Charge Swarming is the effect of Geometry.
Charge Swarming is the effect of Nucleotides.
Charge Swarming is the effect of Environment.
Dna Molecule is the application of Electrochemical Coupling.
Electrochemical Coupling is the subject of Nucleobases.
Electrochemical Coupling is the subject of A-Tr3.
A-Tr3 is the subject of G.
A-Tr3 is the subject of Oligomers.
Law Of Koopmans is the application of Electronic Coupling.
Law Of Koopmans is the application of Adiabatic State Splitting.
Adiabatic State Splitting is the component of Neutral System.
Rhf is the application of Law Of Koopmans.
Rhf is the subject of Cathodic.
Rhf is the subject of Pi-Branch Program.
Electron Coupling is the component of Energy.
Energy is the component of Neutral State.
Energy is the component of Neutral Geometry.
Interaction is the component of Outer Sphere Reorganization Energy.
Outer Sphere Reorganization Energy includes Environment.
Interaction is the component of Inner Sphere Reorganization Energy.
Inner Sphere Reorganization Energy is the component of Modes.
Inner Sphere Reorganization Energy is the component of Intermolecular Nature.
Mathematical Approach is the component of Energy.
Energy is the component of Neutral State.
Energy is the component of Ionic State.
Dielectric Oligomer is the effect of Geometry Relaxation.
Dielectric Oligomer is the effect of Polaron Formation.
Polaron Formation is the effect of Dielectricity.
Polaron Formation is the effect of Polaron Centres.
Polaron Centres is the location of Center.
Polaron Centres is the effect of Base Pairs.
Base Pairs is the effect of Location.
Authors is the acknowledgment of Dr. E. B. Starikov.
Authors is the acknowledgment of Dr. E..
Authors is the acknowledgment of H. Sugiyama.
Authors is the acknowledgment of I . Saito.
Authors is the acknowledgment of D. J. D. Wu.
Authors is the acknowledgment of X. Liu.
Authors is the acknowledgment of J. Liu.
Authors is the acknowledgment of R . - V . M. Apalkov.
Authors is the acknowledgment of T . G. H. Orlandi.
Authors is the acknowledgment of A . . Cheung.
Authors is the acknowledgment of A. -.
Authors is the acknowledgment of S . Larsson.
Authors is the acknowledgment of A. S. Varshavsky.
Authors is the acknowledgment of Y . M. Varshavsky.
Authors is the acknowledgment of X O. Rasmussen.
Authors is the acknowledgment of A . . . Bishop.