Dark Energy derives Heuristic Models.
Dark Energy derives Observable Consequences.
Heuristic Models is the stem from of Cosmological Models.
Cosmological Models is the involve of Fundamental Quantities.
Cosmological Models is the involve of Geometrical Quantities.
Fundamental Quantities is the either or of Physical Quantities.
Bouncing Cosmological Model suggests Torsion.
Torsion is the analyze of Dynamic Pgt-To-Pgt Connection.
Dynamic Pgt-To-Pgt Connection is the cause of of Accelerating Force.
Cosmological Models is the address of Fine-Tuning Effect.
Pseudoscalar Mode is the involve of Axial Torsion.
Axial Torsion is the affect of Cosmological Evolution.
Cosmological Models is the apply to of Statefinder Diagnostics.
Statefinder Diagnostics is the demonstrate of Cosmic Growth.
Cosmic Growth is the cause of Accelerations.
Accelerations is the affect of Deceleration Function.
Deceleration Function is the affect of Universe Expansion.
Equator reports Torsion.
Riemann-Cart Geometry is the define of Affine Connection.
Riemann-Cart Geometry is the allow for of Torsion.
Torsion is the lead to of Dynamic Scalar Mode.
Dynamic Scalar Mode is the analyze of Critical Points.
Critical Points is the divide into of Heteroclinic Orbit.
Heteroclinic Orbit is the divide into of Homoclinic Orbit.
Linear System haves Periodic Solution.
Periodic Solution is the correspond to of Stable Focus.
Periodic Solution is the correspond to of Unstable Saddles.
Light Ray Geodesic Equation is the use in of Luminosity Distance.
Apparent Magnitudes is the consist of of Redshifts.
Apparent Magnitudes is the relate to of Absolute Magnitude.
Absolute Magnitude is the relate to of Luminosity Distance.
Absolute Magnitude is the use as of Consistency Test.
Consistency Test is the determine of Dimensionless Hubble Parameter.
Dimensionless Hubble Parameter is the depend on of Analytic Continuation.
Analytic Continuation follows Power Series.
Table 9 is the contains of Essence Sneia.
Table 9 is the contains of Snls Sneia.
Table 9 is the contains of Nearby Sneia.
Essence Sneia is the subset of Sneia.
Snls Sneia is the subset of Sneia.
Nearby Sneia is the subset of Sneia.
Scalar Torsion Model is the relates to of Redshift.
Scalar Torsion Model is the relates to of Distance Modulus.
Scalar Torsion Model is the relates to of Parameters.
Case is the favors of Parameters.
Statefinder Diagnostic is the describes of Trajectories.
Trajectories is the contains of Loop.
Loop is the passes through of Fixed Point.
Loop follows Statefinder Pairs.
Statefinder Pairs is the passes through of Fixed Point.
Statefinder Diagnostic is the affects of Critical Points.
Statefinder Diagnostic is the shows expansion of of Universe.
Statefinder Diagnostic is the dependent on of Torsion Parameter.
Oblique Orbit is the connects to of Negative Attractor.
Oblique Orbit is the connects to of Desitter Attractor.
Trajectories is the contains of Loop.
Braneworld Cosmology is the adjusts of Equilibrium Parameters.
Braneworld Cosmology is the adjusts of Initial Value.
Braneworld Cosmology is the changes of Quasi-Expansion Period.
Braneworld Cosmology is the changes of Frequency.
Local Matter Density is the infer from of Statefinder Parameters.
Statefinder Parameters bases Quantum Flux.
Local Matter Density is the infer from of Quantum Flux.