Multiscales is the involves of Turbulence.
Multiscales is the involves of Finance.
Multiscales is the involves of Geosciences.
Multiscales is the involves of Self-Similarity.
Multiscales is the involves of Multiscaling.
Multiscales is the involves of Multifractal.
Multiscales is the involves of Scaling.
Multiscales is the involves of Discontinuity.
Self-Similarity is the involves of Fractional Brownian Motion (Fbm).
Self-Similarity is the involves of Multifractal.
Self-Similarity is the involves of Scaling.
Self-Similarity is the involves of Discontinuity.
Fractional Brownian Motion (Fbm) is the involves of Large-Scale Structure.
Large-Scale Structure is the involves of Eulerian And Lagrangian Sfs.
Large-Scale Structure is the involves of Dsf-Detrending (Da).
Dsf-Detrending (Da) is the involves of Detrending-Distribution (Da).
Detrending-Distribution (Da) is the involves of Quadratical Dsf.
Quadratical Dsf is the involves of Lognormal Statistics.
Lognormal Statistics is the involves of Lognormal Statistic.
Lognormal Statistic is the involves of Monofractal Process.
Lognormal Statistic is the involves of Multifractional Process.
Ess Algorithm is the involves of Ess Scaling Exponent.
Ess Algorithm is the involves of Ess Spectrum.
Fractional Brownian Motion is the involves of Infrared Effect.
Infrared Effect is the involves of Kolmogorov Four-Fifth Law.
X-Type Anemometers is the involves of Taylor’S Frozen Hypothesis.
Classical Sfs is the overestimate of Scale Exponents.
F. Schmitt analyzes Effect Of Temperature Fluctuations And Speed Of Waves.
Y. Huang analyzes Effect Of Temperature Fluctuations And Speed Of Waves.
Z . Lu analyzes Effect Of Temperature Fluctuations And Speed Of Waves.
Y . Liu analyzes Effect Of Temperature Fluctuations And Speed Of Waves.
N. Fernandez analyzes Effect Of Temperature Fluctuations And Speed Of Waves.
Prof. Meneveau thanks Useful Comments And Suggestions.
National Natural Science Foundation Of China supports Grant Number.
Experimental Program Of Shanghai Municipal Education Commission supports Program Number.
F. Schmitt thanks Useful Comments And Suggestions.
Y. Huang thanks Useful Comments And Suggestions.
Z . Lu thanks Useful Comments And Suggestions.
Y . Liu thanks Useful Comments And Suggestions.
N. Fernandez thanks Useful Comments And Suggestions.
F. Schmitt applys Analyzing.
Y. Huang applys Analyzing.
Z Lu applys Analyzing.
Y . Liu applys Analyzing.
National Natural Science Foundation Of China supports Grant Number.
Shanghai Municipal Education Department supports Program Number.
Shanghai Municipal Education Commission supports Program Number.