White Dwarfs associates Atmospheric Clogging.
White Dwarfs relates Planetary Systems.
White Dwarfs is the show evidence for of Planetary Debris.
White Dwarfs studys Ultraviolet Spectra.
Ultraviolet Spectra studys White Dwarfs.
White Dwarfs is the similar to of Abundance Pattern.
Abundance Pattern finds Accreted Material.
White Dwarfs affects Radiation.
Accreted Material affects Radiative Levitation.
Sample includes White Dwarfs.
White Dwarfs observes Nltt 19868.
Nltt 19868 is the part of of Nltt Catalogue.
White Dwarfs is the subject of of Spectroscopic Characterization.
White Dwarfs is the subject of of Photometric Characterization.
White Dwarfs is the occurs in of Diffusion.
Trace Elements diffuses White Dwarfs.
White Dwarfs is the contains of Convective Envelope.
Convective Fluids dilutes White Dwarfs.
Convective Fluids is the diffuses in of White Dwarfs.
White Dwarfs compares Evolutionary Timescales.
White Dwarfs is the focus on of Helium-Rich Daz White Dwarfs.
Cool Dwarf Nltt 19868 investigates White Dwarfs.
Cool Dwarf Nltt 19868 revises Effective Temperatures.
White Dwarfs analyzes Fe/Ca Ratio.
White Dwarfs compares Diffusion Timescales.
Convection Zone is the deeper than of White Dwarfs.
Earth’S Mantle-Type Material accretes White Dwarfs.
Calcined Fe/C Abundance Ratio reproduces White Dwarfs.
White Dwarfs compares Magnesium.
White Dwarfs compares Aluminium.
White Dwarfs compares Iron.
White Dwarfs identifys Calcium-Line.
Galex 1931 compares White Dwarfs.
Diffusion Theory applys White Dwarfs.
Bulk Material is the demand longer settling time of Diffusion.
Fe/H Ratio calculates White Dwarfs.
P. De Benvenuto collaborates Althaus L. G..
Althaus L. G. collaborates Dufour P..
Dufour P. collaborates Rocchetto M..
Debes J. H. collaborates Sigurdsson S..
Sigurdsson S. collaborates Hansen B..
Parsons S. G. collaborates Girven J..
Girven J. collaborates Gnsicke B. T..
Giammichele N collaborates Bergeron P.
Bergeron P collaborates Dufour P..
Koester D. collaborates Jj Aj.
Romero A. D. collaborates Campos F..
Campos F. collaborates Kepler S. O..
Soubiran C. collaborates Bienaym O.
Bienaym O collaborates Siebert A.
Tassoul M collaborates Fontaine G.
Fontaine G collaborates Winget D.
Vernet J. collaborates Et Al..