Us Army Laboratory is the collaboration of Xcite.
Xcite is the detection of Subterranean Explosive Targets.
Xcite is the utilization of Data.
Xcite is the requirement of Three-Dimensional Information.
Xcite is the estimation of Dielectric Constant.
Numerical Method is the development of Global Convergence.
Numerical Method is the selection of Nonlinear Coefficient.
Numerical Method is the utilization of Hilbert Space.
Numerical Method is the construction of Weighted-Cost Functional.
Numerical Method is the reconstruction of Scatterers.
Numerical Method is the implementation of Iterative Process.
Numerical Method is the solution of Linear Elliptic Pde.
Numerical Method is the resolution of Dirichlet Boundary Value Problem.
Quasi-Reversibility Method is the application of Regularization Theory.
Exact Solution is the calculation of Vector Function.
Analytical Result is the verification of Minimization.
Projection Operator is the application of Gradient Projection Method.
Xmath364 is the produces of Xmath360.
Xmath360 centers K-Scale.
Xmath360 is the satisfies of Xmath365.
Xmath365 is the satisfies of Xmath365.
Xmath365 is the convergent curve at of Xmath360.
Xmath365 is the convexity of Xmath365.
Xmath365 is the property of of Scalarity.
Xmath375 is the numerical result for of Xmath369.
Xmath375 shows Fig. 2.
Fig. 2 models Xcite.
Xcite is the model for of Hyperbolic Equation.
Hyperbolic Equation applys Tail Functions.
Hyperbolic Equation is the solution of of Equation Of The Wave.
Equation Of The Wave applys Laplace Transform.
Laplace Transform applys Tail Functions.
Tail Functions applys Imsp.
Tail Functions is the mismatch of of Simulated And Experimental Data.
Xcite gives Equilibrium.
Xcite incorporates Tail Functions.
Xcite uses Klibloc.
Xcite uses Kuzh.
Xcite uses Ieee.
Xmath380 is the inverse of of Xmath380.
Xmath380 is the inverse of of Xmath380.
Xmath380 is the inverse of of Xmath380.
Xmath380 is the inverse of of Xmath380.
Xmath380 is the ratio of of Targets.
Xmath380 is the ratio of of Backgrounds.
Xmath380 is the ratio of of Targets.
Xmath380 is the ratio of of Backgrounds.
Xmath380 is the in the sphere of of Axis.
Axis is the time in of Time In Nanoseconds.
Xmath380 is the estimate of of Xmath380.
Xmath380 is the estimate of of Xmath380.
Xmath380 is the inside of Inward Subinterval.
Inward Subinterval is the ratio of of Targets.
Inward Subinterval is the ratio of of Backgrounds.
Xmath380 is the estimate of of Function.
Xmath380 is the estimate of of Function.
Xmath380 is the with a range of of Range.
Wooden Targets assumes Dielectric Constant.
Wooden Targets establishs Dielectric Constant.
Wooden Targets shows Xcite.
Wooden Targets is the interval of of Published Values.
Buried Targets is the experiment for of Experimental Data.
Buried Targets is the background is of Air.
Buried Targets is the ground is of Sand.
Buried Targets shows Figure 7.
Figure 7 is the in choosing the value of of Considerations.
Considerations is the of to of Ratio.
Ratio is the present in of Heterogeneous Material.
Global Convergent Numerical Method is the for of 1-D Inverse Medium-Difference Problem.
Global Convergent Numerical Method bases Weighted Cost Functional.
Weighted Cost Functional is the with of Carleman Weight Function.
Weighted Cost Functional is the claims of Theorem 4-A.
Theorem 4-A is the of of Strict Convexity.
Theorem 4-A is the on any of Closed Ball.
Closed Ball is the at of Xmath400.
Closed Ball is the for of Radius.
Closed Ball is the as long as of Parameter.
Parameter chooses Optimal Solution.
Optimal Solution develops Kuzhuget.
Optimal Solution develops L. Beilina.
Optimal Solution develops M. V. Klibanov.
Optimal Solution develops A. Sullivan.
Optimal Solution develops L. Nguyen.
Optimal Solution develops H. Liu.
Optimal Solution is the for of 1-D Inverse Medium-Difference Problem.
Optimal Solution is the with of Experimental Data.
Optimal Solution publishs 31.
Optimal Solution publishs 86.
Optimal Solution publishs 31.
Optimal Solution publishs 761776.
Optimal Solution develops M. V. Klibanov.
Optimal Solution develops L. H. Nguyen.
Optimal Solution develops A. Ny.
Optimal Solution develops A. Ny.
Optimal Solution develops A. Ny.
Optimal Solution develops A. Ny.
Optimal Solution publishs 29.
Optimal Solution publishs 2012.
Optimal Solution publishs 1189.
Optimal Solution develops M. V. Klibanov.
Optimal Solution develops L. H. Nguyen.
Optimal Solution develops A. Ny.
Optimal Solution develops A. Ny.
Optimal Solution develops A. Ny.
Optimal Solution develops A. Ny.
Optimal Solution publishs 49.
Optimal Solution publishs 2015.
Optimal Solution publishs 459480.
Optimal Solution develops N. T. Thnh.
Optimal Solution develops L. Beilina.
Optimal Solution develops M. V. Klibanov.
Optimal Solution develops M. A. Fiddy.
Optimal Solution publishs Esaim: Mathematical Modeling And Numerical Analysis.
Optimal Solution publishs 51.
Optimal Solution publishs 757786.
Dielectric Constant Table is the source of of Honeywellprocess.