Phosphorescent is the study of Semiconductor Conduction Band.
Interfacial Et is the simplest reaction of Molecular Level.
Molecular Level is the exchange of electrons of Conductive Surface.
Electrons is the study of Phosphorescent Semiconductors.
Phosphorescent Semiconductors is the electron transfer of Et.
Phosphorescent Molecule is the description of Time-Dependent Schrdinger Equation.
Injected Electrons is the relaxation time : 150 fs of Phosphorescent System.
Density Matrix is the division of System Part.
Density Matrix is the division of Bath Part.
Density Matrix is the division of Hamiltonian Part.
Xmath5 obtains Density Matrix.
Density Matrix is the composition of Second-Order Perturbative Treatment.
Excited State is the representation of Quasi-Circular State.
Quasi-Circular State is the oscillation of Vibrational Coordinate.
Excited State is the magnetic coupling : constant of Quasi-Circular State.
Potential Energy Surface is the induced potential energy surface shift of Ground State Potential Energy Surface.
Excited State is the equilibrium : constant of Quasi-Circular State.
Excited Molecular State is the representation of Conduction Band.
Diabatic-Bubble Approximation is the avoidance of Incorrect Results.
Monte Carlo Wave Function is the usage of Direct Density-Matrices.
Conduction Band is the importance of Injection Of Electrons.
Structure is the explanation of Ramakrishna.
Band is the description of Width 2 Ev.
Energy Difference is the description of 2 . 5 Mev.
Vibrational States is the four lowest states of Populated Significantly.
Probabilities is the clues about dissipation of Xmath30.
Electronic Probabilities is the description of Quasi-Continuum.
Quasi-Continuum is the description of Xmath30.
Xmath30 is the initial thz in excited state of Xmath31.
Xmath30 is the thz in excited state of Xmath32.
Xmath30 is the thz in excited state of Xmath33.
Ramakrishna is the extension of Extended Work.
Relaxation is the addition of Description Of Electron-Fispation.
Energy is the variation of Electron-Fispation.
Excitation is the requirement of Energy.
Sphere is the containment of Substance.