Hemispheres is the resembles of High-Energy Collidings.
High-Energy Collidings discovers Cosmic Ray Experiments.
Cosmic Ray Experiments occurs Chacaltaya Emulsion Chambers.
Chacaltaya Emulsion Chambers discovers Lattes.
Lattes collaborates Colleagues.
Colleagues affiliates Faculty Of Sciences.
Events exhibits Hadrons.
Events exhibits Electrons.
Events exhibits Gammas.
Events indicates Rapid-Flowing Hadrons.
Imbalance causes Neutral Pions.
Imbalance causes Charged Pions.
Centauros observes Cosmic Ray Experiments.
Centauros observes Chacaltaya Emulsion Chambers.
Centauros observes Lattes.
Centauros motivates Theory Of Disorientated Chiral Condensates (Dccs).
Theory Of Disorientated Chiral Condensates (Dccs) develops Early 1990S.
Theory Of Disorientated Chiral Condensates (Dccs) mentions Xcite.
Theory Of Disorientated Chiral Condensates (Dccs) involves Debate.
Theory Of Disorientated Chiral Condensates (Dccs) is the consists of of Reexamination.
Theory Of Disorientated Chiral Condensates (Dccs) forms Temperature.
Quark-Gluon Plasma produces Temperature.
Quark-Gluon Plasma cools Rapid Expansion.
Rapid Expansion results Vacuum.
Chiral Symmetry deteriorates Dynamics.
Imbalance imagines Neutral Pions.
Neutral Pions affects Charged Pions.
Nuclear Collisions is the outcome from of Formation.
Formation results Fluctuations.
Fluctuations is the affected nature of of Atmospheric Shower.
Ultra-High-Energy Cosmic Ray (Uhcr) Experiments obtains Statistics.
Ultra-High-Energy Cosmic Ray (Uhcr) Experiments achieves Event By Event Analysis.
Ultra-High-Energy Cosmic Ray (Uhcr) Experiments considers Signatures.
Signatures searchs Dccs.
Observables searchs Cr Showers.
Simulation describes Observables.
Simulation describes Cr Showers.
Simulation examines Depth Of The Maximum.
Simulation examines Muons.
Depth Of The Maximum is the sensitive to of Neutral-To-Charged Fraction.
Muons observes Ground.
Neutral-To-Charged Fraction affects Primary Pion Fraction.
Linear Sigma Model excites Pions.
Excitations produces Pions.
Fire-Ball describes Shell.
Shell describes Spherically Expanding.
Spherically Expanding reflects Reorientation.
Reorientation produces Pions.
Pions follows Poisson Distribution.
Pions defines Average.
Shell rotates Quark Condensate.
Quark Condensate rotates Direction.
Pions produces Decay.
Decay is the depends on of Dcc.
Pions produces Decay.
Decay is the depends on of Dcc.
Vector studys Experiment.
Experiment studys Effect.
Pierre Auger Observatory combines Water Sampling.
Pierre Auger Observatory combines Thunderstorms.
Binomial Distribution uses Basis.
Binomial Distribution analyzes Neutral Pion Fraction.
Binomial Distribution searchs Dcc.
Fe Dccs is the occurs with of Proton.
Fe Dccs is the occurs with of Iron Showers.
Fe Dccs is the occurs with of Air Showers.
Fe Dccs is the occurs in of Central Collisions.
Central Collisions is the occurs with of Nucleons.
Central Collisions is the occurs with of Kaons.
Corsika determines Dcc-Like Showers.
Dcc-Like Showers is the produces of First Interaction.
Dcc-Like Showers is the poor in of Muons.
Dcc-Like Showers is the attainable at of Concentration.
Dcc-Like Showers is the attainable at of Low Values.
Dcc-Like Showers is the excess of of Muons.
Dcc-Like Showers is the weakens at of Separation Power.
Dcc-Like Showers is the occurs with of Proton.
Dcc-Like Showers is the occurs with of Iron Showers.
Dcc-Like Showers is the occurs with of Air Showers.
Dcc-Like Showers is the occurs in of Central Collisions.
Central Collisions is the occurs with of Nucleons.
Central Collisions is the occurs with of Kaons.