Quantum Physics is the characterization of Many-Body System.
Quantum Physics is the characterization of Unitary Regime.
Atoms is the interaction of Van Der Waals Fusion.
Dilute Bose Gas is the instability of Gas-Like State.
Ultracold Gases is the observation of Efimov Phenomena.
Small-Body Quantum Systems is the study of Universality.
Large-Body Systems is the difficulty of Efimov Physics.
Silicates is the interaction of Van Der Waals.
Efimov Phenomena understands Fermi Gas.
Hamiltonian is the consideration of System.
Phemonena is the application of Properties.
Phemonena is the study of Gaseous Bose Einstein Condensate.
Atomic Clusters is the discussion of Phemonena.
Center Of Mass is the decomposition of Motion.
Center Of Mass is the relative motion of Atoms.
Two-Body Separation is the appearance of Weakly Bound States.
Two-Body Interaction is the appearance of Efimov Character.
Two-Body Correlation is the effect of Two-Body Interaction.
Total Wave Function is the functionality of Two-Body Separation.
Exchange Operator is the symmetry of Atoms.
Faddeev Equation is the reduction of Quantum Numbers.
Hypersquares is the summation of Dimensional Space.
Hyperspherical Harmonics is the multiplication of Potential Harmonics.
Polarization Factor is the determination of Interaction Strength.
Feshbach Resonance is the usage of Tuning.
Cutoff Radius is the definition of Repulsive Hard Core.
Cutoff Radius is the definition of Long Tail.
Potential Matrix Element gives Correlation Function.
Two-Body Wave Function plots Energy-Dependent Scattering Lengths.
Three-Body Collisions is the increase of Density Depletion.
Three-Body States is the appearance of Binding Energies.
Efimov States is the depiction of Radii.
Efimov States is the observation of Spatial Distribution.
R.M.S. Radii is the illustration of Exponential Function.
Bubbles is the observation of Intensity.
Tjon Line is the focus of Energy Correlation.
Many-Body Wave Function is the complexity of Numerical Investigation.
Anatomies is the use of Basis.
Energy Spectrum is the cancellation of Kinetic Energy.