Segmentation Process is the task of Object.
Segmentation Process is the task of Recognition.
Segmentation Process is the task of Delineation.
Method is the task of Object.
Method is the task of 3D Images.
Method is the task of Organ Model (Heart).
Method is the task of Histogram.
Method is the task of Atlas.
Atlas is the task of Point-Of-Axis Affine Registration.
Point-Of-Axis Affine Registration is the task of Cartilage.
Method is the task of Particle Filtering Algorithm.
Method is the task of Pose Relationship.
Pose Relationship is the task of Ball-Scale (B-Scale).
Ball-Scale (B-Scale) is the task of Binary Object.
Ball-Scale (B-Scale) is the task of Images.
Method is the task of Model Building.
Model Building is the task of Voxel.
Voxel is the task of Intensity.
Voxel is the task of Detail.
Voxel is the task of B-Scale Image.
B-Scale Image is the task of Model.
Model is the task of Correlations.
Model is the task of Shape.
Model is the task of Texture.
Model is the task of Image.
Image is the task of Angle.
Image is the task of Pose.
Image is the task of Transformation.
Transformation is the task of Thresholding.
Thresholding is the task of Balls.
Balls is the task of Search.
Balls is the task of Optimization.
Method is the task of Gc-Asm.
Gc-Asm is the task of Data.
Gc-Asm is the task of Anatomically Parallel Slices.
Anatomically Parallel Slices is the task of Experts.
Anatomically Parallel Slices is the task of Point-Correlations.
Point-Correlations is the task of Asm.
Asm is the task of Population Statistics.
Population Statistics is the task of Training Set.
Shape is the task of Shape And Appearance.
Biological Structures is the task of Statistical Models.
Computing Systems is the task of Flexible Model.
Flexible Model is the task of Expected Size.
Flexible Model is the task of Expected Shape.
Flexible Model is the task of Expected Appearance.
Flexible Model is the task of Expected Position.
Flexible Model is the task of Reference Point.
Reference Point is the task of Correspondences.
Reference Point is the task of Representation.
Representation is the task of Image.
Image is the task of Shape.
Shape is the task of Finite Dimensional Representation.
Shape is the task of Landmarking.
Landmarking is the task of Landmark Points.
Landmark Points is the task of Positions.
Positions is the task of Coordinates.
Shape is the task of Anatomical Point.
Anatomical Point is the task of Landmarks.
Landmarks is the task of Objects.
Objects is the task of Skin.
Objects is the task of Liver.
Objects is the task of Right Kidney.
Objects is the task of Left Kidney.
Objects is the task of Spleen.
Abdominal Region is the task of Objects.
Method is the task of Ct Data.
Ct Data is the task of Clinical Ct Data.
Clinical Ct Data is the task of Hospital.
Model is the task of Specificity.
Model is the task of B-Scale Image.
B-Scale Image is the task of Morphometric Information.
B-Scale Image is the task of B-Scales.
B-Scales is the task of Fundamental Units.
B-Scales is the task of Homogeneous Balls.