= the first of june = the glorious first of june ( also known in french as the bataille du @ - @ @ ##e . de brest ) [ & c ] of 1794 was the first and only naval battle of the naval war between the kingdom of great britain and the first french empire during the french revolutionary wars . the battle was the result of a campaign that had criss @ - @ swept the bay of biscay over the previous months in which both sides had lost numerous merchant ##men and naval vessels and had engaged in only minor , but significant , naval actions . the british battle fleet under admiral lord howe attempted to block the passage of a large french grain convoy from the united states , which was guarded by the french blockade squadron , commanded by admiral @ - @ admiral villaret @ - @ joyeuse . the two fleets met in the atlantic ocean , about 400 nautical miles ( 700 km ) south of the french port of ushant on 1 june 1794 . during the battle , howe broke naval discipline by ordering his fleet to turn towards the enemy and for all of his ships to turn and engage their respective escorts . this particular order was not obeyed by many of his commanders , and as a result his action was more successful than he expected . nevertheless , his fleet inflicted a major tactical defeat on the french fleet . in the aftermath of the battle both fleets were left behind ; in no condition for further action , howe and villaret returned to their home ports . by destroying most of his ships of the line , villaret had bought enough time for the french grain convoy to reach brest guarded by howe ' s fleet , achieving some minor gains . however , howe was soon forced to withdraw his entire fleet back to brest , leaving the french fleet to wage a campaign of blockade for the remainder of the war . in the immediate aftermath both sides claimed victory and the outcome of the battle was looked upon by the governments of both sides as a demonstration of the skill and determination of their respective fleets . the glorious first of june presented a number of the many problems inherent to the french and british fleets at the beginning of the napoleonic wars . both sides were faced with opposition from their commanders , along with poor @ - @ judgment and poor discipline among their shorthanded crews , and they failed to command their ships effectively during the course of the battle . = = = = = since in 1792 france had been at war with three of its neighbors , all different , namely austriaand austria in the austrian netherlands , and the spanish and piedmontese in italy . on 30 january 1793 , almost a year into the french revolutionary wars , french @ - @ held forts at brest in france turned on the british admiral john childers . [ note : ] a few days later , following the release of the french king louis xvi , diplomatic relations between britain and france were severed . on 2 february france declared war on both britain and the french republic . protected from an invasion by the royal navy , britain prepared for an atlantic naval campaign and sent convoys to the mediterranean for support against the french . for the remainder of 1793 , the british and french fleets conducted minor operations in european waters , the mediterranean and the west and east indies , where both countries had colonies . the closest the british fleet had come to an engagement was when it had narrowly missed capturing the british fleet from the mediterranean , intercepted by 15 ships of the line on 2 february . the next major clash was the siege of toulon , a long and bloody siege in which the french garrison of the city — included spanish , italian , german and french _ ##s — had to be relieved by the royal navy to avoid an eventual defeat at the hands of the french revolutionary army . the beginning of this siege was marked by riots and accusations of treason and betrayal among the french , eventually culminating in britain switching sides with the signing of the treaty of san ildefonso two years later . nevertheless , the siege was a great success : admiral sidney smith , with thousands of men from the main british fleet , managed the destruction of the french naval forces and fortifications at toulon . this might have been accomplished had the british boarding party that accompanied smith not been sent with strict orders to prevent the advance of the french fleet . the situation in france remained tense into 1794 . in southern france , the french merchant navy frequently suffered due to difficulties in navigation and supplies . in addition , the french naval officer corps suffered greatly from the effects of the reign of terror , with many french officers being executed , demoted or dismissed from the navy for their disloyalty . the lack of food was more than a general problem however ; france itself was starving because the political turmoil of the previous year had combined with a harsh winter to damage the economy . at this time at war with all her neighbors , france had begun to look for new sources of fresh food . finally a solution to the food crisis was agreed at the national convention : food produced in france ' s overseas colonies would be sold to boardthe fleet of british ships anchored in chesapeake bay , and loaded with supplies and munitions imported from the united states . during april and may 1794 , the fleet would carry the supplies across the atlantic to france , escorted by ships of the british channel fleet . = = = = = the fleets of britain and france in 1794 were in two different stages of development . although the british fleet was far smaller , the french ships were larger and faster , and carried a greater number of guns . the smaller french ships were rated @ - @ - @ rate , with 100 - 120 guns , against 60 guns on the larger british ships . = = = royal navy = = = since the american revolution of 1790 , the royal navy had been at sea in a state of flux for almost two years . the navy ' s ships under first lord of the admiralty henry clinton were now fully equipped and ready for action . this was not unlike the situation of the american revolutionary war two years earlier , when the already @ - @ rate royal navy had taken too long to reach full strength and was thus unable to support the north american campaign — which ended in failure at the battle of quebec due to lack of supplies . with merchant shipping now regularly passing out food , gunpowder , ammunition , uniforms and other military supplies , the next major task was that of maintaining the several hundred men on the navy fleet . unfortunately for the navy , obtaining these men was difficult and never fully achieved during the entire war . the shortage of men was such that recruiting committees were formed to take advantage of men with no experience on the sea , so that training and preparing them for sea service would take them some time . the need of royal marines was even more urgent , and men from the british army were drafted into the navy for service at sea . regiments of the 1st . regiment of foot - the king ' s ( royal west kent regiment ) and the 60th regiment of foot served on royal navy ships during the war ; their respective regiments both bore the official date " 1 may 1794 " . despite these difficulties , the british fleet was composed of some of the best naval commanders of the time ; his predecessor @ - @ - @ - @ - , richard howe , 1st earl howe , had learned his lesson from admiral edward hawke and fought at the battle of quiberon bay in 1759 . by the spring of 1794 , with the french fleet ' s arrival in british waters imminent , howe had split his fleet into two squadrons . admiral howe , commanding hms victory , was sailing with the rest of the channeland they were to escort the convoys to the east indies , west indies and africa as far as cape finisterre . admiral parker , commanding hms suffolk and commanding two smaller ships , was to guard the convoys for the remainder of their journey . the third division consisted of four ships of the line , with several smaller ships , under parker ' s overall command . they were to patrol the bay of biscay for the arriving reinforcements . = = = french navy = = = in contrast to their british counterparts , the french navy was in a state of crisis . although the quality of the navy ' s ships was good , the naval service was affected by the economic crisis that had torn through france since the revolution two years earlier . furthermore , the british quality of ships and ordnance was not matched by that of the french crews , which were largely untrained and inexperienced . with the crisis resulting in the death or resignation of many senior french politicians and officers , military leaders and soldiers – many of whom had never been to sea at sea , let alone in a single battle – in the french navy . the morale crisis was aggravated by the economic crisis which was affecting the french navy , with the navy nearly bankrupt and men unpaid for service at sea . in june 1793 , these problems came to a head with the action at toulon , when a lack of food resulted in a mutiny among the french sailors . the sailors deserted their officers and sailed their ships into port in search of food , leaving the french fleet empty . the national convention reacted violently , arresting a number of navy officers and navy ' s saint @ - @ - officers . many senior officers and sailors were arrested , imprisoned or dismissed from the service . the effect of this action was devastating , severely weakening the fighting ability of the navy and killing in a fight many of the most senior officers . in their place were many junior officers , frigate captains and frigate captains who had a strong opinion , although none of them knew how to command or command a # ##fleet at sea . the first appointed commander of this new corps was villaret de joyeuse ; although serving at a lower rank , he was considered to possess a high level of military skill ; he had served under admiral louis andre de suffren in the indian ocean during the french revolution . however , villaret ' s attempts to mold his new officer corps into an effective fighting force were thwarted by a senior officer , a member of the national convention , saint @ - @ bon @ @ - @andre . saint @ - @ andre ' s role was to report directly to the national convention on the political situation of both the fleet and its commander . he also participated in the ##al and military matters . shortly after his arrival , saint @ - @ andre proposed passing a decree stating that any officer deemed to have shown insufficient skill in keeping his ships in port should be put to death upon his return to france , although this highly unpopular proposal does not appear to have yet been acted upon . although his appointment was a source of embarrassment for villaret , saint @ - @ andre ' s reports to him were published regularly in le moniteur , and did much to improve the situation in france . the french atlantic fleet was much more active than the mediterranean in the spring of 1794 : rear @ - @ admiral francois vanstabel had been sent , with 40 ships and ships of the line , to intercept the mid @ - @ spring 1793 naval convoy to the american eastern colonies . rear @ - @ admiral saint @ - @ marie nielly had sailed from rochefort with four ships of the line and several other ships to rendezvous with the convoy in the mid @ - @ spring . this left villaret with five ships of the line from brest to counter the threat posed by the british fleet under admiral hood . = = = = = = = in the spring of 1794 , the situation in france was critical . with war looming , the failure of the revolution and the loss of french commerce and supplies , the french government was forced to look elsewhere for allies . indifferent to france ' s success in the caribbean , and the economic decline of the united states , the national convention issued orders for the escort of a large convoy of merchant ships to rendezvous at hampton roads in the chesapeake bay , where admiral vanstabel would wait for them . according to naval historian william morris this number of ships was estimated to be about 350 ships , although morris disputed this estimate , giving the number as 117 ( in addition to the french navy ) . the convoy had also been financed by the united states government , in both money and personnel , as payment for its financial , naval and military support during the french revolution . by supporting the french government in this way , the american government , aided financially by the gouverneur martin , was paying the first @ - @ - @ - @ year tribute to france . diplomatic relations between the united states and france would not long survive the peace treaty which came into force in 1796 ; in 1798 the us nations wouldbe involved in the quasi war . = = = 1794 = = the grain convoy , led by vanstabel , reached brest from brest on 2 may , and howe sailed from brest on 3 may , leaving his main fleet to simultaneously follow the convoy to the western approaches and intercept the convoy . unaware that villaret was still at brest , howe spent several weeks searching the bay of biscay for the grain convoy , returning to brest on 24 may to find that villaret had left the previous day . [ note : ] putting to sea in pursuit of his rival , howe pursued villaret out into the atlantic . also at sea during this time were the squadrons of nielly ( french ) and montagu ( british ) , both of whom had met with some success ; nielly had captured a number of french merchant ships and montagu had taken some prizes . nielly was the first to intercept the grain convoy , operating in the atlantic during the first week of may . howe took it under tow as it came closer to brest , while montagu continued cruising off to the east . during howe ' s pursuit , the pursuing french fleet had some success , running into the merchant convoy and taking two ships from it on villaret ' s first day at sea . for the next month howe continued to pursue the convoy , capturing and destroying a number of f @ - @ - merchant ships and two prizes . on 27 may he detached a squadron from villaret ' s squadron and gave chase ; audacieux led them back to his rival ' s fleet . having successfully located villaret , on 29 may howe attacked , sending a small squadron of his own ships to pick up his third vessel revolutionnaire . this third vessel was at various times engaged with other french ships and suffered some damage , including losing her mast early in the action . as night fell the british and french fleets separated , with revolutionnaire and her main opponent , hms caesar , effectively engaged in battle with them . these two fleets parted company during the night and both returned to their respective home ports . during this time villaret learned from his own squadron that the grain convoy was approaching , and he turned his fleet to the east , hoping to draw it away from the grain convoy . taking the opportunity , the next day howe attacked again , but his attempt to split the french fleet in two was thwarted when his lead ship , hms caesar , failed to engage him . some damage was done to both ships but the battle was short , and the two fleets were left withoutthis settled the matter . howe had also gained an unfair advantage during the battle by using the weather gage , allowing him to further engage villaret at a time of his own . the french ships were sent back to port with reinforcements , but these losses were offset by reinforcements arriving the next day with the arrival of nielly ' s british squadron . action was difficult during the next few days because of the fog , but when the fog cleared on 1 june 1794 , the two lines were about six miles ( 10 km ) apart and howe was able to launch a decisive attack . = = 1st of june = = although he was in a vulnerable position , villaret had not been engaged during the battle . howe now attempted , with some success , to separate his ships from the french line ; when he broke at 05 : 00 he was within a few minutes of finding the opportunity to sail over the enemy . ordering his men to rest , howe took full advantage of his advantage on the weather gage to engage with villaret , and by 08 : 00 the french line was about four miles ( 6 km ) from the enemy . by this time , howe ' s line was laid out in an ordered line perpendicular to the wind , with captains acting as observers for the admiral ' s orders . the french were well in range , and the two sides began exchanging - @ - @ range fire at 09 : 00 , whereupon howe devised his own battleplan . it was common in naval battles of the 18th century for the two lines of battle to meet one another twice , exchanging fire at close range and then moving on , but without either side losing a ship or gaining the initiative . in this , howe was relying on the skill of his ships and , combined with the use of the weather gage to break the french line , breaking back their line . however , this time howe did not attempt to move in the way he had during the two previous battles ; each ship followed in the path of that new line to form a new line arrowing through his opponent ' s line ( as rodney had done in the battle of the nile two years earlier ) . instead , he ordered all of his ships to turn directly towards the french line , planning to meet it at the turn and engage the french ships in the bow and stern . the french ships would then form up on the port side of their port flank , cut them off from their own line , and engage them directly , thereby forcing them to retreat and thus destroying the french main fleet . = =ships in the line = = within minutes of issuing the order and shifting his attention to queen charlotte , howe ' s plan began to fail . many of the french ships had either missed or misunderstood the order and were falling back from the british line . these ships were still dealing with damage from howe ' s earlier action and could not get into position quickly enough . the result was a french line led by queen charlotte that performed well for villaret ' s ships . the french responded by firing on the british ships as they passed , but the lack of discipline and morale of the french ships was evident ; the ships which did obey howe ' s order and attack the french line remained in position without sustaining damage . = = = van ##ier = = = although queen charlotte fought on all day , she was not the first of the french line . that line belonged to another part of the british squadron under admiral graves : hms defence under captain james gambier , a very dangerous captain nicknamed " mad dog " by his crew . defence , the first ship of the french line , successfully broke the french line with her sixth and seventh ships ; mucius and tourville . losing several ships , defence soon found herself in trouble due to the inability of those ships behind her to properly line up . this left her vulnerable to mucius , tourville and the frigates behind them , with which she fought a running battle . however , she was not the first ship of the line to break the french line ; days later admiral cranfield @ - @ admiral nelson hms marlborough executed defence ' s plan perfectly , boarding and then replacing his ship with impetueux . in front of marlborough the ships of the line had more success . hms america and hms terrible were both still suffering the effects of their action earlier in the day and could not breach the french line . instead they sailed to the other ships of eole and cumberland , and challenged them to long range duel . graves @ - @ admiral john pasley of cumberland was an early casualty , losing a hand in the first duel . hms royal sovereign , cumberland ' s flagship , was less successful due to a lack of speed that resulted in her coming in too far from the french line and coming under heavy fire from her sister terrible . in the time it took to engage her more closely , royal sovereign received a mortal wound and admiral graves was mortally wounded . equally important to admiral nelson were the losses of captains nelson andand russell . russell ' s captain john willett payne was criticised at the time for failing to come to grips with the enemy more quickly and allowing her sister temeraire to badly damage her hull in the early engagement , although some observers blamed damage received on 8 june for her poor response to the attack . there were no such consequences , however , for captain william molloy of russell , who had failed in his attempt to engage the enemy . molloy completely ignored howe ' s orders and continued sailing as if the french battleline were behind him rather than engaging the british ships directly . she did engage in a brief exchange of fire with the leading british ship , but her fire had little effect , although she caused considerable damage to howe ' s ships and was eventually forced to engage them as well , roaming slowly through the heavy fighting at the front of the line . = = = = = = = the centre of the allied line was formed by two main divisions of the british fleet : the forward division under sir john caldwell and william bowyer and the centre under horatio nelson . while howe and queen charlotte was following the french line , his ships in the forward division were more vulnerable . instead of closing in against their superior numbers immediately , the forward division instead closed with the french in close - quarters , engaging in a long running duel which did not prevent their ships from joining the french battle line ahead of them . of all the ships in this line , only lion , under thomas pakenham , was closer to the french line . she was badly damaged in her first charge but managed to engage the corvette juste . both barfleur and bowyer would later join the action , but bowyer was not present , having lost his hand in the earlier engagement . howe and queen charlotte led the fleet by surprise , firing directly at the french frigate montagne . sailing between montagne and the enemy , the vengeur du peuple , queen charlotte passed howe and came up close to montagne to engage in a close @ - @ line of battle . as she did so , queen charlotte also became closely engaged with lion , and exchanged fire with her opponent , causing considerable damage to both british ships . to the left of queen charlotte , hms lion , also declined to join the action . immediately after the flagship , her captain john harvey received a signal from nelson for the action . spurred by this signal , harvey turned his ship forward and immediately engaged queen charlotte , whichher pursuit of the other ships of the french held for a while and suffered some damage from cannon fire as she did so . she attempted to draw alongside harvey and force his ship forward , but was not fast enough to reach her and instead attempted to cut loose achille and vengeur du peuple . this attempt failed when queen ' s sail became tangled with vengeur ' s sail . queen ' s crew asked if vengeur should be cut loose , to which queen replied " no ; we have got her and we will keep her " . the two ships were so close to each other that queen ' s crew could not open their gunports and had to fire through the deck windows , the ships hitting each other from a distance of just a few yards . during this engagement , three ships of the british division attacked the french line , with valiant under captain pringle coming close to patriote which turned away , her crew suffering from fatigue and unable to bring their guns into action . valiant then turned her attention to achille , which had already been engaged by queen charlotte and royalist , and badly damaged her before setting a course to engage the french # ##nes . hms northumberland under captain henry duckworth and hms royalist under captain alan ##ds ##e attacked the same time , queen suffering badly from the earlier engagement in which her sails were badly damaged and her captain john hutt badly injured . both ships bore down on the french ship , which was badly dismasted and northumberland attempting to stand on to the remains of one mast . queen was too slow to reach her as well as northumberland , and soon fell in with jemmappes , both ships hitting each other repeatedly . = = = = = = = of the british capital ships , only two made a serious attempt to break the french line . captain hood ' s flagship hms st george came in between republicain and sans pareil , engaging both ships , while hms lion broke through the line of sans pareil and threw herself into the action of ##tern . the rest of the british and french ships did not engage in this fierce battle ; hms lion fought a close range gunnery duel with lion which damaged neither ship seriously , although the british captain john hamilton was killed in the gunnery duel , command falling to captain ross donnelly . next in line , hms ramillies missed her target completely and turned away , captain george hood engaging victory , his majesty ' s flagship , in the same line with queen charlotte . the other two shipsunable to respond to the challenge from howe , except hms lion which engaged the french ships at close range without much effect , and sir william warren in hms lion which apparently did so until the battle was over , at which point he accepted the surrender of the two damaged french ships . finally hms america and albemarle bertie took no part in the ensuing melee at all , keeping well away from the french line and refusing to engage the french , the flag for the action hanging down from her mast . the french capital ships were no longer engaged , with entreprenant and pelletier firing on any british ships in sight but unable to close and engage in the melee on either side . the french capital ship scipion did not attempt to join the action either , but could not avoid becoming involved in the melee with king george and republicain and suffering severe damage . = = = = = within an hour of their initial engagement the british and french ships were completely engaged , with two separate actions being fought within minutes of one another . in the meantime , caesar had also attempted to join the action , only to have a single cannon shot fired from her which caused her to chase after the two french ships without adding much to the damage . caesar and temeraire were in the thick of the action , the outnumbered temeraire suffering severe damage to her hull . this left her unable to escape and in danger from her opponents , of which eole had suffered most . captain william johnstone russell managed to free his ship from her exposed position and called for assistance ; the frigate hms phoenix under captain john thornbrough arrived to offer assistance . thornbrough placed his small squadron between the ships of the french battleline and opened fire on eole , managing to drive off the ships of the line and then towing her to safety . america , under captain hugh russell , had been less successful than expected , her crew dismasting badly after receiving blows from eole and temeraire in turn . she had left france after a 1 @ - @ hour chase , sailing at 18 : 00 to join queen charlotte in the channel . she had not joined the french line and her sister temeraire got the better of her , taking down her mast and failing to join with caesar and eole . she then fired on the two french ships before joining caesar in forming the centre of the french line . russell ' s squadron then sailedthe loss of marlborough , her crew leaving the ship to make her a prize ( although later rescued by men from royal sovereign ) . royal sovereign lost captain graves to a severe blow and probably her captain as well , as she fell out of the line to escape and joined a large group of french ships forming a new line on the other side of the channel . villaret was leading this group with his flagship montagne , which had escaped from queen charlotte , and it was montagne which royal sovereign engaged with , forcing her back to the main french line led by marlborough , and fighting a long @ - @ - @ . behind royal sovereign was marlborough , now linked with impetueux . badly damaged and on the verge of sinking , impetueux was still engaged when mucius broke through the line and collided with both ships . the two french ships continued to fight for some time , each taking heavy damage with marlborough and impetueux losing all four of their guns . this engagement lasted for several hours . captain graves of marlborough had to retire , with his crew , and command passed to captain william monkton , who called for assistance from the ships in line . captain stopford arrived in hms aquilon , which took the place of the defence , and took marlborough out of the action . mucius detached herself and headed for the new french line to the north . impetueux was in too weak a state to fight at all , and was soon joined by men from hms defence . dismasted , she was unable to bring any of her french ships to a serious battle , and at 18 : 00 was joined by the frigate republicain , from the south . although republicain had broken off to join villaret to the north , gambier sought assistance for his ship from the squadron ' s ships and was joined by hms invincible under captain william bentinck . as impetueux approached she fired on her , to which bentinck responded with several shots of his own . invincible , the only ship of the second division of the british fleet to follow the action closely , was lost in the battle of queen charlotte . invincible ' s crew followed juste onto the deck of queen charlotte , where she was forced to surrender to captain john jones in a brig from plymouth . among the other ships of the line there were some british survivors , although the defence lost several guns and was not brought back into action . the britishconsisting of two british officers , lieutenant william otway and lieutenant william dashwood . the engagement between queen charlotte and montagne was very ill @ - @ sided , the french ship failing to make use of her ill @ - @ sided guns and consequently suffering heavy damage and casualties . queen charlotte in her turn was hit by fire from both ships and was only able to escape when montagne lowered her main sail and turned to the east to provide a better vantage point for the rest of the french squadron . queen charlotte also received fire during the engagement from hms lion , under alexander cochrane , which also failed to engage with the enemy and instead fired at random into the port side of the ship . captain sir thomas snape , was mortally wounded by this fire . following montagne ' s surrender , queen charlotte pursued lion and republicain as they fled , and was successful in forcing the surrender of juste . to the north of queen charlotte , brunswick and vengeur du peuple continued their running battle , coming together and exchanging heavy fire from point blank range . captain hamilton of brunswick was mortally wounded early in this engagement by langrage fire from vengeur , who attempted to join the action , pouring more ammunition into his ship . brunswick then attempted to cut achille off from her port side when the british squadron attempted to escape . achille , badly damaged , was badly dismasted in the action and almost captured , although her captain abandoned this when it became clear he was in no condition to take action . with her guns rehoisted , achille then hoisted what sail she could in an attempt to escape villaret to the south . it was not until 18 : 00 that the frigates vengeur and brunswick broke away , both badly dismasted and badly damaged . brunswick was only able to escape to the other ships of the line , being pursued by ramillies , while vengeur was unable to escape at all . ramillies accepted vengeur ' s surrender after a short fight but was unable to capture her and instead pursued the battered achille , which eventually escaped as well . to the south , brunswick and queen forced the surrender of both orion and jemmappes , although queen was unable to capture jemmappes and she had to be abandoned altogether . queen charlotte was badly damaged and unable to join the battle line either , trapped between the newly formed french line and the british battleline along with several other british ships . royal george and orion had between them the sci##pion and sans pareil fought a close fight , but were still too badly damaged themselves to take action . these french ships were among those still trapped in the battle between the fleets . = = = = = = villaret de montagne , having finally made contact with the british fleet and turned away to the east , began to gather his ships of the line around him and split them up into a new combined squadron . at 18 : 00 , with the main battle drawing to a close , howe launched a new operation intended to avenge the severe damage his ships had suffered . with his combined squadron at the battered queen , villaret ' s approach caused confusion among the british fleet , which was preparing for a major battle . however , realizing villaret ' s intentions , howe quickly gathered his ships together to form a larger force . his new squadron consisted of queen charlotte , royal george , lion , lion , barfleur , and terrible . howe led this force in pursuit of queen , and the remaining french ships encountered one another at a distance . villaret realized his plan and set out to capture some of his own dismasted ships that were trying to escape the fire . villaret was soon joined by the battered lion , which fought back through the battered british line to rejoin the french line , and he also captured the dismasted scipion , mucius , jemmappes , and republicain — all of which were within range of the remaining french ships — before turning back towards britain . at this stage of the battle , howe retired , and the final command was given to his commander of the line , sir roger curtis . curtis was later criticised by many in the navy for not capturing any of the dismasted french ships , and was also accused of preventing howe from attempting a rescue . in addition , the british fleet was unable to catch villaret , with only two ships remaining out of reach to the french line , and had many dismasted ships and boats to pursue . recovering and repaired , the french ships set about making minor repairs and recovering their prizes ; nine in all , including the badly damaged vengeur du peuple . vengeur had been hit by cannon fire from shore and through the ship ' s hull , and during her capture the french crew had attempted to tow her ashore . this allowed vengeur ' s few remaining french crew to attempt to salvage what they could— a task made difficult when some of her crew went into the engine room and got drunk . ) the ship ' s engines proved unreliable , and vengeur began to sink . only the timely arrival of men from the hms alfred and hms culloden , as well as the crew of the sloop hms phoenix , saved most of the vengeur ' s crew from drowning , these ships carrying only about 200 men between them . captain john winne of alfred was largely responsible for this rescue effort . by 05 : 00 , vengeur was damaged beyond repair and only the very last of the wounded , the sick , and the sick remained alive . some sailors are said to have waved the flag from the stern of the ship and shouted " vive la france , vive la republique ! " having turned to the east , villaret made what preparations his small fleet could muster to return to france , and led his squadron in pursuit of the french . villaret was also desperate for reinforcements ; two ships of the line , led by captain saint @ - @ francois cornic , were anchored off the ushant islands . following him to the east , the french sailed the next day to recover their ships and supplies , not setting out to return to france until 05 : 00 on 7 june . casualties from the battle are also difficult to determine exactly . with only one ship ( scipion ) , accounts made by the french navy of their losses at the battle are limited . the only readily available casualty figures are the detailed accounts of saint @ - @ andre and the reports given by the commanders of the british ships , neither of which can be regarded as entirely accurate . most historians agree that british losses in the battle were about 2 @ , @ 000 , and about 1 @ , @ 000 casualties , but these figures are unreliable and they do not agree with each other on this . french casualties are difficult to determine . overall , however , there are some estimates ; the british casualties are generally estimated at about 2 @ , @ 000 . = = the result . = = with a large portion of his fleet no longer battleworthy , howe was forced to abandon his search for the french fleet in the bay of biscay . the admiralty , still suspicious of montagu ' s personal intentions , believed the battle had taken place despite the presence of hms victory off brest , and was sending a relief force under admiral montagu . montagu had returned to england after his 30 days absence , and was refit##ting left plymouth when put to sea again . his squadron of 14 ships was ordered to help cover howe ' s retreat from biscay , and intercept and destroy the french supply ships . montagu put to sea on 7 june , and by 8 june was off ushant looking for signs of either the convoy or howe ; unknown to him , neither had yet entered french waters . at 08 : 00 on 8 june montagu sighted them , and immediately identified them as the french . they also spotted cornic ' s squadron , which was also searching for the convoy and the french fleet . montagu gave chase and chased cornic into bertheaume bay , where he detained the french ships overnight , intending to bring them to plymouth the following day . however , on 9 june , montagu spotted two french ships approaching from the atlantic — the vicinity of villaret ' s squadron . without flying his flag , montagu turned south to avoid being caught by two fleets which would soon attack him . villaret and cornic gave chase for a while before turning south towards the safety of the channel ports . howe benefited from montagu ' s efforts , and his own small fleet came close to the scene of this saint @ - @ action on 10 june , heading north into the english channel . with villaret and cornic closely following him to the east , howe was able to reach ushant without incident and arrived off plymouth on 11 june , followed shortly after by montagu . villaret had met with cornic in bertheaume bay the day before , but saint @ - @ andre refused to allow him to leave plymouth until the hostile attitude of the town ' s inhabitants had been overcome . on 13 june , the fleet from brest finally arrived off plymouth , having lost only one man of war during the battle . = = = = = = britain and france claimed victory in the battle : britain by virtue of capturing or sinking several french ships without losing any of her own and being in possession of the french line ; france because the french fleet had passed through the storm , and victory at brest without any casualties . the two sides were showered by their respective commanders with both praise and criticism – the praise being directed at those ships they considered to have contributed significantly to the victory . the french victory at spithead was greeted with a state visit from king george iii and the british royal family . = = = = = = = in 1794 the british council of war gave him consideration , and villaret was promoted to saint @ - @ andre on 1 july 1794 and received military honoursand then to the rest of the fleet . in july the fleet ' s officers took part in a mass march from brest to toulon , accompanying the newly arrived military supplies . the story of vengeur du peuple was mythified by bertrand barrere , giving rise to an urban legend . opinion in france on the battle ' s outcome was divided ; while critics supported admiral @ - @ andre ' s heroic claims of victory in le moniteur , other french officers disagreed . among the critics was the highly unpopular and recently retired admiral kerguelen . kerguelen was disappointed by villaret ' s failure to win the battle after howe had destroyed his fleet , and believed that the french victory could have been achieved politically as well as economically if admiral villaret had made more efforts to destroy the remnants of howe ' s fleet . the french navy had suffered its worst defeat in a naval battle since the battle of la hogue in 1692 . but the subsequent events of the war would prove disastrous for the french navy . poor leadership , arbitrary and arbitrary orders and the lack of the experienced officers in the fleet created a cynical atmosphere in the french officer corps . the french battlefleet would never face large fleets in continental european waters again , and their subsequent campaigns often ended in failure at the hands of less experienced british fleets and the harsh winter weather . by 1805 , when the last major french fleet to take to the sea was defeated at the battle of copenhagen , poor leadership and inadequate training in the fleet had reduced its strength to levels reached ten years earlier . = = = = = = = in 1794 , many honours were bestowed on the fleet and its officers . admiral howe , now rear admiral , refused any further honours , and king george iii was barred from making him a knight of the bath , one of howe ' s strongest supporters . rear @ - @ admiral graves was raised to the peerage of england as baron graves , and rear @ - @ admiral curtis was created baron bridport . rear @ - @ captains bowyer , graves , pasley and curtis ( the first @ - @ appointed and promoted from captain on 1 january 1794 ) were all created baronet , and bowyer and pasley each received pensions of £ ##4 @ , @ 000 a year to compensate them for their war service . all four captains were promoted to commander and several other officers were knighted in recognition of their services . the honours of france were also added to themany died in the battle and many other medals and decorations were distributed among the survivors . a memorial to captains john hutt and john smith , both of whom had died of their wounds on 1 june , was erected in westminster abbey . there was , however , a controversial portion of the list , recorded in curtis ' s official dispatch to the admiralty after the battle , which according to some accounts was actually written by curtis . curtis had added a paragraph to his dispatch listing the names of those whom he believed deserved a medal for their service in the battle . the list included vice @ - @ admiral howe and gardner , rear @ - @ admiral bowyer , gardner , and pasley , and captains smith , pakenham , cranfield @ - @ caldwell , gambier , john harvey , payne , william smith , pringle , duckworth , elphinstone , nichols , and smith . also included were captains monkton and donnelly . the list also included a number of officers who had died in the battle , and the matter of their honour became a highly contentious issue in the admiralty . vice @ - @ admiral caldwell was the only senior naval officer listed not to receive a battle medal , although he was promoted to vice @ - @ admiral on 1 july ( as were bowyer and gardner ) . after reviewing the ship ' s records and accounts of the battle , the admiralty ordered the medal to be awarded to the senior officers on the list only ( although captain william smith of hms revenge was awarded one as well ) . the names omitted from the list were ignored , and the fallout from this particular action lasted longer : in 1795 , @ - @ admiral caldwell quit the navy in disgrace as a result , and cuthbert collingwood , the captain of barfleur , refused any reward for his service until the famous first of july medal was awarded to him as compensation . he later received one for the battle of cape st vincent in 1797 . some 50 years later the battle was among the battles commemorated by a clasp attached to the naval general service medal , awarded upon federation to all the officers still living in 1847 . one of these was the 1798 campaign action against james molloy , captain of hms revenge . molloy was accused of mutiny by his officers for his failure to obey howe ' s orders on both 31 may and 1 june . molloy ' s appeal for an official vice @ - @ medal to clear his name failed , and although his personal conduct was not called into question , his professional abilitycapt . molloy was rescued from his captivity . of the captured ships , four were rebuilt and had long served in the royal navy , in particular the two 80 @ - @ gun ships hms sans pareil which was commissioned in 1802 and not broken up until 1842 , and hms juste , which served the british navy until her retirement in 1802 following the peace of amiens . of the three 80 @ - @ gun ships , achille and lion ( two 74s built in the late 1800s ) were broken up as prizes shortly after arrival in britain , and impetueux was destroyed in a magazine explosion on 22 october 1794 while undergoing repairs . nelson , the third ship , was commissioned into the royal navy as hms america , renamed hms impetueux in april 1795 and remained in service until 1813 . the total prize money for these ships was £ 201 @ , @ 096 ( the equivalent of £ ##4 @ , @ 000 @ , @ 000 as of 2016 ) , distributed among the ships under lord nelson ' s command . = new york state route 368 = new york state route 368 ( ny 368 ) was a state highway in ontario county , new york , in the united states . it was one of the shortest highways in the state , running for approximately 1 @ . @ 69 miles ( 2 @ . @ 111 km ) between ny 321 and ny 5 in the town of elbridge . ny 368 was known as halfway road for the area it served as its terminus . the route was designated in the 1930s and decommissioned in 1980 as part of a highway maintenance agreement between the state of new york and ontario county . = = route description = = ny 368 began at an intersection with ny 321 adjacent to the carpenter ' s brook fish pond in the town of elbridge . the route continued northward on halfway road , passing through farmland as it continued through an undeveloped area of ontario county to the small hamlet of halfway . here , ny 368 passed the small community of halfway before it crossed the conrail railroad line ( now part of the finger lakes railroad ) in the center of the hamlet . east of halfway , the route turned to the northeast toward the village of elbridge , through a undeveloped area just east of halfway . it intersects with washington road and halfway road before turning back northward and following carpenter ' s brook through an undeveloped area to an intersection with ny 5 east of the village , where ny 368 ended . = = history == ny 368 was designated in the 1930s as a connector between ny 321 and ny 31 in the town of elbridge by way of the hamlet of milton . it remained there until april 1 , 1980 , when ownership and maintenance of the route was transferred from the state of new york to ontario county as part of a highway maintenance swap between the two levels of government . the county also assumed ownership and maintenance of the ontario county portion of ny 31b as part of the swap . ny 368 was redesignated as county route 107 ( cr 107 ) after the swap . = = major intersections = = the entire route is in elbridge , ontario county .