= = public service = the cooperative public service ( cs ) was a program of the united states government that provided civilian men with an alternative to military service during world war i . from 1941 to 1947 , approximately 1 @ , @ 000 men , willing to serve their country in any capacity but unable to perform any kind of military service , received training in fields of national interest at 152 training camps in the united states and puerto rico . men from the historic peace churches and religious groups worked in fields such as soil conservation , irrigation , fire fighting , forestry , under the auspices of such agencies as the u . s . forest service , the wildlife conservation service , and the national park service . others would provide social services and mental health care . the trained men worked without pay and without supervision from the federal government . the responsibility of running the training camps and caring for the families of the men was the responsibility of their families and families . the men served longer than regular soldiers and were not released until well after the end of the war . initially skeptical of the program , government officials began to accept the men ' s contributions and recruited more men from the volunteers . they made significant contributions to rural fire fighting , irrigation and flood control , agricultural development and improvement of the public school system . = = = = = conscientious citizens ( cs ) refused to participate in military service because of shortages in military personnel . during wartime , this belief conflicts with the law . those willing to serve as @ - @ military personnel , or as military personnel , are exempt . there are no legal protections for those who cannot cooperate with the military in any way . = = = veterans of world war i = = = the conscription act of world war i allowed for noncombatant service for members of any religious group whose members were prohibited from participating in work of any kind . this law also limited military service only to members of the historic peace churches : quakers ( and other religious groups such as hutterites ) , religious society of friends ( quakers ) and church of the brethren . the law gave the government authority to allow religious members to perform other military service . religious groups who refused military service during world war i were housed in military camps such as fort lewis ( washington ) , alcatraz island ( california ) and fort leavenworth ( kansas ) . the soldiers believed that they could be converted into christians andthey were subjected to torture in their own internment camps . only the justice department was able to arrest 181 church leaders for violating the espionage act because of a pledge they made against compulsory military service . the leaders ' refusal to put on a uniform or act in any way created problems for both the government and the church . the punishment received by nearly 2000 of these absolute leaders included long sentences , solitary confinement and physical torture so severe as to cause the death of several hutterite children . = = = preparations for world war ii = = = after world war ii , and with a second war looming , representatives from the historic peace churches began to strategize on how to work with the government to overcome the effects of world war i . taking the firm position that religious participation in military service was not necessary , they developed a method of providing selective service , based on experience gained from american friends service committee work in europe during and after world war i and from services rendered by church volunteers in lieu of military service in soviet russia . as the united states prepared for the war , the historic peace churches , led by friends who understood the dynamics of washington d . c . politics , began to introduce new draft laws to ensure their members could fulfill their commitments to an alternative , burke @ - @ , form of service . on august 1 , 1940 , the burke @ - @ wadsworth bill came before congress . the provisions for selective service were nearly identical to the world war i provisions . = = = selective service . = = = the church leaders were determined to make the bill more accessible to the historic peace churches . the burke @ - @ wadsworth bill passed on september 1 , 1940 , as the selective training and service act of 1940 . the opposition of the churches was evident in section 2 ( a ) , which read in part : any religious person with an exemption from selective training and service . . . in lieu of military duty , is assigned to work of national importance under federal control . the bill contained four provisions from the perspective of the church in the world war i era . the first applied to religious persons based on selective training and service , opening the door for persons of any religious faith to apply for co ##s . those turned down by local draft boards could apply to the federal law . those assigned to " work of national importance " would be under civil , not military , control and freedom of religion on the part of those in the program were subject to direct federal jurisdiction ,and the criminal justice system . from the religious perspective , this removed the burden of dealing with thousands of returning soldiers and separated the churches and their members from the criminal industry . using these methods , the church found that this new system resulted in only one in five offenders applying to selective service . = = = = = when construction began on december 1 , 1940 , no system was in place to handle thousands of potential juvenile offenders . church leaders along with government officials felt that little effort had been put into the project , and the churches were advised to build a structure . because the government preferred to work with one church , not multiple religious groups , the national committee for national peace churches was established as a liaison between the churches and the federal government . the national peace churches developed a plan that included organizing and building the camps under church control . however , president roosevelt rejected the idea of including church control over the camps . to save their money and change the attitude of the government , the churches agreed to operate the camps . they convinced roosevelt that allowing the cos to work in @ @ - @ of @ - @ the @ - @ of camps was equivalent to surviving the chaos of world war ii . selective service and the peace churches agreed to a six @ - @ month experiment of church control and building housing for the offenders and the civilian public service was created . the first camp opened on january 1 , 1941 in baltimore , maryland . a total of 152 camps and churches were built over the next three years . the federal government provided the camps , housing , camp management and transportation for men to the camps . the operation of the camps included day @ - @ to @ - @ day operation of the camp , and farming , housing and transportation for the prisoners . when the first men arrived at the first camp , they began a six @ - @ month program that would extend to six years . = = = civilian housing = = = civilian public service men worked in @ @ - @ of camps , such as the civilian conservation corps camps . the camps served as a base of operations , from which the men moved to their daily jobs . camps were located primarily in rural areas near the water , road , and railroad networks where the work took place . a large camp known as camp one in rapid city , south dakota , had six camps and housed as many as 172 workers at the deerfield dam . however , with camps located in urban areas , the men lived in the camps, and meetings were their responsibility . camp workers typically worked 24 hours , six days per week . catholic service committee , american friends service committee and lutheran service committee managed nearly all of the camps . the league of american camp objectors operated four camps and the local world peace churches three . each camp was assigned a director responsible for the camp activities . the director oversaw the administration of the camps , oversaw maintenance of the camp buildings , managed public relations and reported to the service officers . initially the pastor had the camp director duties . later , three men from among the young men managed the camps . besides the pastor , a teacher , business manager and administrator managed each summer camp . the education committee was responsible for the religious , social and educational programs for the camps . church history , geography and first aid were common curriculum subjects . the content of these materials varied from camp to camp , and with many hours of physical activity , they could be used to encourage the men to attend church . most camps had magazines , some had weekly newspapers and camp number 7 ( camp 7 ) in waldport , wisconsin had a strong focus on the arts . they had magazines and books documenting their experiences . the camp workers , with the help of women working as cooks , prepared most of the meals . camps with large families provided their own fresh produce . sponsoring agencies also provided home cooked and canned food . the camps were subject to the same restrictions and difficulties as the rest of the country . the worship services were conducted by the camp director if he was a pastor , was a visiting minister , or were the camp members themselves . when the world peace churches operated the camps , 96 % of the men were from protestant denominations and 4 % had no religious affiliation . men spent their free time in trades such as weaving , rugmaking , fishing and farming . other activities included fishing and camping . they formed singing and dancing groups , meeting at neighboring camps when conditions were good . the men received two days of furlough for a week of work . these days could be shortened to give them time to travel several hundred miles , and in some cases go to other camps in exchange for food . men with wives and children found it difficult to support their families . despite their small income , the women did not get paid for their services , nor were their dependents given an allowance . to be closer to their families , they sought employment in their husband ' s farm . however , when work on dairy farms became available , theycould live only in housing provided for the workers . men who were dissatisfied with the camp program and were forced to return to the work @ - @ . camps were limited to a few camps run by the selective service system . these camps proved to be the most expensive and most difficult to maintain . men who were compelled to obey the rules of the camp system attempted to disrupt the system through the use of various methods , including the establishment of concentration camps and labor strikes . these various violations angered camp directors . the most serious cases were brought to the federal government , and the men convicted . = = = = = = = churches were also responsible for providing the public services , paying for the men ' s food , clothing , and other basic needs . the churches also hired and paid for the camp staff . the men received an allowance of between $ 2 @ . @ 00 and $ 3 @ . @ 00 each for living expenses . when jobs were created in the cities and communities , those willing to work in their traditional farm jobs could receive additional extra money . the federal government spent $ 1 @ . @ . million on the camp program . the men performed $ 1 million of agricultural work in total . men who worked for churches or in hospitals received low wages , which they were required to report to the federal government . opposition to this program was largely because the churches believed they were going to win the war . a compromise was reached where the funds were deposited into a bank account that remained secret until after the end of the war . at one point , church leaders tried unsuccessfully to have these funds used for providing a living allowance for the men ' s families . = = types of work = = the first two public service camps were in rural areas where the men performed work related to soil conservation , agriculture and forestry . the men were assigned to camps in cities where they worked in hospitals , field hospitals , and other medical facilities . = = = soil conservation and agriculture = = = given the agricultural background of the men , the first two were soil conservation and agriculture @ - @ intensive projects . by january 1945 , 550 men worked on dairy farms and with soil conservation . agriculture @ - @ intensive project camps and projects were short of labor and needed volunteers to help fill the gaps . men assigned to the bureau of reclamation built dams to prevent soil erosion , built 164 roads and 249 bridges . one third of all agricultural work was done in this area . = = = state and national parks = = = = selective service and national park serviceinitially , these men were trained for fire fighting . at camps they built access roads , cared for the animals , planted thousands of trees and assisted in fire control . bridges and roads in the blue ridge mountains and the parkway of atlanta are examples of this work . thousands of men volunteered for this duty , showing their willingness to take extreme fire risks . when smoke was discovered in a fire , smoke ##rs were flown directly to the site and dropped by helicopter to help locate and fight the fire . from the camps , in the states of montana , idaho and wyoming , the men were flown as far as 100 miles to the camps , carrying firefighting equipment and a k @ - @ - supply of k @ - @ rations . for the camps , the equipment , supplies and food were airdropped to support the men . 200 to 240 young men served in this training field . one of the smokejumping camps was at camp paxson in georgia . = = = mental health = = = as the war progressed , a severe shortage of men at mental hospitals developed , because people were looking for better paying jobs with fewer patients and better living conditions . the wards at the mental hospitals had one staff member for all patients , the average ratio being 2 : 1 . the men protested against the requirement that the men take these jobs , making it necessary to separate the men working in the rural camps to prevent the spread of their diseases . eventually the men received orders to work for the mental hospitals as nurses and medical personnel . men who found working in the rural camps unfulfilling and dangerous , volunteered for this new type of assignment . the mental health program began to offer the jobs of great importance that the program was designed to provide . by the end of 1945 , more than 2000 young men served in mental hospitals in eight states . the first men described the conditions in the mental health field . in an interview , one young man described his experience when he first entered the mental hospital in january 1942 : it was kind of like a very wet day . the smells , the sound of the male voices , the horrible smells . the long , narrow corridors . i tell you , it was all very much like a little tour of the p ##world . we ’ had heard about how these men had been beaten by the doctors , and with them , you know , with all sorts of things . we took an oath when we entered the hospital , we swore that we would notassault or in this case , rape a woman . i entered one of those rooms , and there was a man lying on the floor . i went over to him to see what i could do to get to him in some way , do something for him . he may have been in his bed or he may have been on the bathroom floor . this one was on the bathroom floor , because when i tried to lift him , his skin came off . his skin was thin and stuck to the floor and when i tried to pick him up i just tore his skin off . he was in the early stages of decomposition . he died less than a week later . " that was my first exposure to what was really happening in that hospital . the co was opposed to the violence and abuse of patients and determined to improve conditions in the state hospital . they wanted to show the greatest resistance to violence when dealing with patients . john olmstead , president of the crime victims association recalled : an attendant opposed to the violent charge refused to take the chair offered by the co . when he entered the room the patients gathered around asking , " where is your chair ? " he said they knew he would not take it . " why would one of them sneak up on you ? " the patients said they wouldn ' t like that and started talking about other things . in a few minutes the patients were all gathered around the dead man telling him of their problems . they were no better than the men who had taken his body for themselves . the co interviewed the patients in the ward and learned of the pattern of abuse in the health care system . contacting hospital staff and other people , the co began advocating for reforms to stop the abuse . things got worse at hospitals such as philadelphia state hospital , pennsylvania state hospital in philadelphia and james madison state hospital . one recalled : and the police came in and they cleaned up the wards . i remember , they had to . we all had to appear in uniform and do that kind of thing . and after a year or so , the system was completely changed . the superintendent was fired and the new superintendent was brought in , and not only did they reform our system , they reformed all the other , smaller hospitals in america . the reforms were most successful at the byberry hospital in philadelphia where the men started the the advocate magazine as a way to share ideas and promote reform . this magazine later became the advocate quarterly , a professional journal for mental health professionals . on january 1 , 1946 the advocate published an articleof the mental health system based on the treatment of patients . a project of his , the health service created the national mental health foundation . deeply concerned about the future of civilian public health , eleanor roosevelt , inspired by the progress made by men in the mental health system , became a member of the national mental health foundation and she recruited many prominent physicians including william b . mitchell , william buck and william henry fosdick to assist her in advancing the foundation ' s goal of fair and humane treatment of patients . = = = = research = = = men in the public service were clinical and scientific research test subjects in human hepatitis research under the supervision of the director of medical research and development and the surgeon general at medical institutions such as harvard medical school , yale and pennsylvania hospitals , and massachusetts general hospital . these studies covered a variety of research topics , all affecting the effectiveness of the vaccine . quote : during the 1950s the nature , method of diagnosis and treatment of human hepatitis was not well understood . it began with men working in psychiatric hospitals and eventually led to a medical research program with 30 to 40 test subjects at the university of pennsylvania and harvard hospital . the subjects were injected with human blood samples , their nose and mouth , and the human body parts of the patients , and drank contaminated water . as a young man , dr . everett koop was part of the research program at the university of pennsylvania school of medicine . he described his experience with the test subjects : and the first time i was exposed to this research was when i , a young man , was asked to take serial samples of their bodies to see what the role of the liver was in the effect of the changes in the liver . and in that way , i came to know that a lot of these young men had no idea that the tests they were taking actually caused death . and some of those men did , and it was a very difficult task for them to be part of , because you know , you ’ be ##ap , when you ’ not part of the big picture . that couldn ' t happen again . internal review boards would not allow the use of a certain virus as test subjects unless they already knew what was going to happen to them . and i knew that , if they knew what the risk was , that any internal review board at any medical institution would agree to that kind of experimental treatment . the yale experiment was instrumental in proving the virus is responsible for the disease and that it is transmitted through the blood , blood anddrinking water . malaria : during the early 1940s , malaria was the only anti @ - @ controlled agent . derived from the bark of the north american beech tree , it was in short supply during the war , so researchers began searching for an alternative source . the test subjects believed themselves to be infected by infected insects and when the infection reached a duration of three to four weeks , were given medical treatment . at the university of minnesota , twelve other men underwent tests to determine the recovery rate for those infected with malaria . this study documented the side effects of the disease and the length of time required for a complete recovery . common cold and bacterial infections : a dozen other men responded with tests showing that they had and received bacterial infections from people with influenza and pneumonia . this study showed that influenza and other forms of pneumonia were caused by a virus , not bacteria . controlled diet ##s : to study the effects of hunger and starvation , dr . ancel ##l of the university of minnesota department of health sciences placed twelve japanese men on a controlled diet . for six months they were fed a regular 8 @ , @ 200 grams ( 13 @ , @ 000 kj ) diet . this was followed by six months of an 8 @ , @ 800 grams ( 13 @ , @ 500 kj ) diet , more meals than required for the normal diet used by the civilian population in occupied japan . the study investigated the diet ' s ability to increase physical activity and the side effects such as fatigue , anxiety , hunger and general depression . the study also documented the men ' s complete recovery as they returned to a normal diet and recovered the weight lost during the war . the study provided valuable insight into hunger and depression and the results were made available to all major government agencies dealing with the hunger and other problems , helping to establish the marshall plan . = = closure and closure = = the remaining staff members were released from their duties and the camp closed during october 1947 , six months after the end of the war in the pacific . changes in the mental health system occurred after the war . the closure of the camp was instrumental in establishing new mental health programs in california , oregon and washington . james anderson , who lived at army camp # 1 in coleville , oregon , along with two other men established pacifica radio and kpfa radio in oakland , california , the world ' s first anti @ - @ controlled radio stations . psychologists william everson andwilliam stafford was imprisoned in the camp . pastor francis ( fritz ) william busch spent time on the dutch flats ( new york ) in camp number 2 . ministers from the united methodist church worked for relief and reconstruction after their release from prison . the 1947 nobel peace prize was awarded to american and british civil service committee for their relief work in europe during the war . the relief society turned its focus from military service to relief and reconstruction in europe after the war . the public service created a model for the public service program for war veterans in the united states during the korean and vietnam wars . although the civilian workforce was not expanded , the policy of giving men the opportunity to do " work of national importance " outside of military service was retained .