= voyage : inspired by jules breton = voyage : inspired by jules breton ( known as journey to the moon in the united states and europe ) is a point @ - @ and @ - @ interactive adventure game with pre @ - @ click support , developed by kheops software and published by the adventure company for the pc in 2005 . the game ' s story centers on a space explorer ' s journey to the moon in the 19th century , and the ancient lunar civilization of subsequenfinds . it is loosely based on the journey from the earth to the moon and to the sun by science @ - @ fiction author jules breton , and the novel the first man on the moon by science @ - @ fiction author h . g . wells . reviews to the game were generally mixed . in particular , some reviewers praised voyage for taking the player in the look and feel of the 19th century ; others have criticized it for its poor graphics and dated gameplay . despite being similar to other adventure game genres , voyage has some unique features for the time . these include unique physics minigames which take advantage of the low gravity of the game ' s game setting , and an " accumulated score system " , in which a score is awarded to the player for each puzzle he completes , and for subsequent progress . the adventure company used this system to encourage players to play the game to improve their artificial intelligence . = = gameplay = = the main feature of voyage is point @ - @ solving . the player can start by default , and can rotate the ship 360 degrees . there are several types of puzzles in voyage including those involving the alien life on the moon , visual puzzles , sound puzzles , and text puzzles . all of these puzzles require the player to explore and understand the natural history of the moon . voyage has two unique physics minigames . in the point @ - @ game setting , the first minigame requires the player to drink gas ##ses from a tank , and the second requires the player to make multiple jumps to the surface of the moon . these two minigames are only a small part of the game . the game also has several other puzzles requiring the player to solve them within a time limit . the result of completing a puzzle of this type is rewarded , after which the player is allowed to continue and complete the puzzle . players can also be rewarded as the result of performing certain actions related to the game ' s plot . a unique aspect of gameplay in voyage is the picking system , which allows the player to pickup and down levels of the inventory . however , the maximum amount of a given item that the player can have in his inventory at any one time is limited . one of the main uses of the inventory is to combine items together to create new items . this process of collecting and combining items from the inventory is a major part of the puzzle portion of the game . the inventory can also be used to create food which the player can eat ; this also plays a major role in solving puzzles . another use of the inventory is to create new edible items , which play a major role in the final stages of the game . = = = intelligence management system = = = the " intelligence management system " used in voyage is a score given to the player by the selenites , the inhabitants of the moon . for each puzzle the player completes , and for solving puzzles , this score is increased , and the selenites treat the player with great respect . during an interview with gamersinfo , benoit hozjan , creative director and the @ - @ founder of kheops games , criticized the system , stating : in the same interview , alexis lang , the lead game designer at kheops , stated that : " [ a ] high score does not mean that you are dumb in any way , it just means that the stupid and stupid ##est people think that your game is dumb ! " this despite the fact that the " intelligence management system " was created specifically to gain the respect of the selenites . however , hozjan also stated that he hopes " players will continue to improve their skills and to improve their experience with it . " the game developers also described the system as adding a lot of replay value to voyage , as players can use the system to achieve a high score . = = = = = = = = = = = = voyage is set in 1865 . captain barbicane of the ' british empire ' decides to build an aluminium cannon in order to launch a shell , capable of supporting intelligent life , towards the moon in the hope of a successful mission . voyage ' s protagonist , michel ardan , decides to live in the same shell . during the protagonist ' s first journey to the moon , ardan lands on the moon and encounters the selenites , as well as a vast network of intelligent life . the only explored areas of the game are the moon ' s surface , and the local selenite colony . the ' selenites ' are the native inhabitants of the moon , and are a highly intelligent raceoperated by stealth and cunning . they have pale skin , large round eyes and small ear holes on the top of their heads . this is in part a reference to h . g . wells ' s the first man on the moon , where the player character first landed on the moon in wells ' s original story . they are divided into groups . the selenites live in a subterranean complex on the surface of the moon from which they never emerge , with the exception of the ' exiles ' . the selenites " send [ these ] members of their society , the fools and thieves , " to the surface of the moon . there are three selenite exiles with whom the player can interact ; they live on the surface and sleep in their own underground chambers at night . each exile has three human companions on their ship with which they share a special bond . = = = = = = = the player character is michel ardan , an ambitious and ambitious young scientist who is energetic , energetic and adventurous . captain barbicane , the head of the space council , and captain nicholl , an explorer , are both presumed dead at the beginning of the game , despite having survived the journey to the moon . a character named helen appears in the game ' s backstory , as a human whose ship makes contact with the selenites . aside from these player characters , there are several other selenite characters such as the space council ##or , the high priest , himself , helen , and the three exiles . = = = = = = = gameplay begins when ardan arrives in the night and meets his two human companions : barbicane and nicholl . the first part of the journey consists of ardan exploring the complex , trying to regain his memory of what happened , and how barbicane and nicholl survived , but will also encounter other problems , most notably when his food supply runs low and needs to be remedied . eventually ardan ' s journey will lead him into adventures on the surface in which he must prepare himself for his next mission . after ardan successfully lands the spacecraft on the moon , he must solve a series of puzzles on the surface in order to gain access to the alien world beneath . eventually he discovers the selenite complex . after this , ardan focuses on finding a way to reach the moon and bring his cargo to earth . after finding what he needs , ardan heads back to earth in the morning . he arrives at the- and manages to escape to a remote island , where he meets the famous jules hugo character , captain nemo . = = = = = journey to the center of the moon was announced for the pc at e3 2005 . the adventure company partnered with the kheops studio for the game . benoit hozjan , the co @ - @ founder of kheops studio , became the director of the game , while alexis lang became the lead game designer . journey to the center of the moon was later renamed voyage : adventures by jules hugo . benoit hozjan explained the change , saying that journey to the center of the moon " proved to be controversial and many people thought that voyage could be the sequel to journey to the center of the earth , " said co @ - @ founded the game , " so we decided to change it . " the game was announced on august 13 , 2005 , a few days before the latter ' s release . benoit hozjan cited kheops studio ' s use of jules hugo ' s novels as the inspiration for voyage , saying that : " jules hugo ' s novels represent the two main elements of our game : fantasy and reality . characters are real people engaged in real adventures that are [ a ] great challenge for us . " he also went on to say that the game was inspired by hugo ' s from the earth to the moon , which describes the lead up to the moon landing , but draws more heavily from the novel beyond the moon , which documents the entire mission . the only difference , hozjan said , is that in the novel the characters fail to reach the moon , whereas in voyage the mission is a success . similarly , alexis lang attributed the inspiration for the selenites to h . g . wells ' the first man on the moon , saying that : " [ wells ] described a very different selenite , devastated by its destruction . he was more scientist than naturalist . to balance this out , we ' ve added a lot of humor to our game and created a more interesting and interesting main character . " the adventure company announced the release of the first demo on august 14 , 2005 . the demo included the game ' s story and the introduction . voyage , originally scheduled for a september 2005 release , was released to stores ahead of schedule on august 14 , 2005 . the demo sold for us $ 3 @ . @ $ . = = = = = in general , voyage received positive reviews upon its release . according to metacritic ,critics have given it scores between 60 % and 70 % . one of the most well received aspects of the game was its ability to capture the atmosphere of 19th century over @ - @ sf , with gamespot stating that the game " ... over @ - @ captures the romantic atmosphere of 19th @ - @ century sci @ - @ fi [ and ] a sense of adventure in every aspect of the level itself . " in contrast , a ##pro ##g review stated that once the player boards the ship and lands on the moon , instead of seeing amazing and exciting sights , the game turns into a dull and frustrating adventure . the puzzle aspect of voyage met with mixed reviews . on the one hand , gamespot accused the puzzle aspect of voyage of " reduc [ ing ] jules hugo ' s account of his journey to the moon in 1865 to a series of poorly constructed logic puzzles designed to test the patience of over @ - @ sf players . " the puzzles in the game are also extremely difficult , with which ign attributed the high difficulty of the game to the fact that there are actually many different ways to accomplish the same puzzle , and to the game ' s " puzzle solving system " . the game ' s ai also received praise from gamersinfo for being extremely well designed . in terms of graphics , voyage was poorly received , with the graphics being described by gamezone as having " vibrant colors , but lacking the rich , detailed detail that has been found in many other adventure games . voyage has also been criticized for its lack of depth and over @ - @ story on paper " . the game ' s sound was also praised , with ign stating the game has " excellent " over @ - @ sf sound which captures the atmosphere perfectly . g4 commented on the game ' s voice acting as being simple but effective , but criticized some of the sound effects as being repetitive . gamespot described ardan ' s voice as being weak , and also criticized the game ' s sound effects . metacritic grouped together the majority of the retrospective reviews of voyage to give a score of 70 % , the equivalent to an ' a ' score of the series .