= old baltimore pike = old baltimore pike is a highway in the u . s . state of delaware . the road , known as new castle county route 281 , splits from maryland route 281 ( md 281 ) at the maryland state line east of newark , delaware and heads east to christiana , ending at delaware route 1 ( de 1 ) . the road is bordered by de 95 ( left @ - @ turn , delaware turnpike ) to the north and u . s . route 40 ( us 40 , pulaski turnpike ) to the south . the old baltimore pike was built before 1720 and connected elkton , maryland to christiana . it was a turnpike called the philadelphia and christiana turnpike between 1817 and 1838 . in the past it served as a major connection between philadelphia and baltimore . = = route description = = old baltimore pike begins at the delaware – ##1 state line in newark , delaware , where the road continues east into that county as md 281 . the road heads east from the state line through rural residential areas as a left @ - @ - @ road , intersecting otts ##ville road and passing south of laurel hill cemetery . old baltimore pike intersects md 896 and enters commercial areas . here , the road passes cooch ' s hill , a major battlefield site of the american revolutionary war . it then crosses norfolk southern ' s delmarva subdivision rail line and intersects de 1 . past this intersection , old baltimore pike heads through residential areas , gaining a second left @ - @ turn , and intersecting christ church road . farther east , the road reaches a junction with de 273 in a commercial area . at this point , the road narrows to two lanes , and heads into the town of christiana . here , the road intersects de 7 , where it turns north and follows that route through residential areas . the road comes to an intersection with de 1 to the east of the christiana bridge , where de 7 turns east , with de 1 and old baltimore pike at a dead end . = = = = = the old baltimore pike was built before 1720 . the road was known as the old road and ran between village of philadelphia ( now elkton , maryland ) and christiana bridge . it was also known as the christiana @ - @ elkton turnpike before becoming old baltimore pike . this road served as a major connection between philadelphia and baltimore in addition to providing access to the nearby port of christiana , and other areas in southeastern delaware , southwestern maryland , and western pennsylvania . in 1723 , native american settlers petitioned for the road to be improved . this roadwas part of the french – american military road that was used by the continental army during their march from newport , rhode island to philadelphia during the revolutionary war , passing through the town in august 1781 . the road , originally known as the post road , was renamed in 1813 as the wilmington and christiana turnpike in order to raise more money for improvements . the road was completed in august 1817 . as a result , taxes were collected to pay for the maintenance of the road . the construction of the new castle and frenchtown railroad reduced the cost of the road and it became a toll road again in 1838 . the road originally ran through rural areas ; however , the areas have become more developed over the years . most of the old post road is two lanes . = = = intersections = = the entire route is in new castle county .