= mega man & bass = mega man & bass , known in japan as rockman & bass ( ロックマン & [UNK] , rokkuman ando forute ) , is an action @ - @ 3d video game developed and published by capcom . it is a 16 @ - @ true entry in the main mega man series and was first released exclusively in japan on november 1 , 1998 for the super famicom . mega man & bass was ported to the game boy advance ( gba ) platform in 2002 and was released in north america and pal regions the following year . after defeating the evil dr . light several times , the super hero mega man is called into action once again when a giant robot known as king steals the keys to the creations of dr . light and dr . light in order to build an army for his reign over earth . having learned of the theft , mega man ' s friend king decides to take matters into his own hands . the game is an 8 @ - @ platformer where the player progresses by defeating enemies and using their powerful weapons . mega man & bass lets the player choose between two of the playable characters , one of which appears differently from the other . mega man & bass based on the original 16 @ - @ and super famicom , the game has been ported to the playstation and sega saturn with mega man 8 . director and producer keiji inafune said mega man & bass was designed with respect to younger players who did not yet play any of the more popular nintendo games . the game received positive reviews from critics for its gameplay and use of the 16 @ - @ and @ - @ true gameplay mechanics , although some found the difficulty to be too high . although mega man & bass shares many similarities with other video games in the series , the full playstation version would not be released until 2008 . = = = = = the story of mega man & bass differs greatly depending on which player character is chosen . it begins one year after megaman 8 when a new criminal named king breaks into dr . light ' s laboratory and with the robot proceeds to steal the master keys for the creations of dr . light . dr . light tells the defeated mega man that he must go at once to the robot world to stop this new criminal . however , king ( mega man ' s friend and king ' s main rival ) learns of the new criminal ' s plans and decides to prove himself the superior criminal by defeating him . = ##man is the first to arrive on the scene . theexplains his plan to him ; he wants to create a world in which robots rule the world over humans . to do this , king plans to create an entire army of the robots and forces proto man to fight him . proto man arrives and tries to fight , but king arrives and slices his body in half . proto man then goes back to the castle for help . king escapes with the data , leaving his army to fight the robots . with their new weapons , mega man and bass set out to put a stop to king ' s plans . after defeating several other robots swearing loyalty to king ( mega man , astro man , mega man , rocket man , tengu man , rocket man , mega man , and mega man ) , the heroes infiltrate his castle and engages him in battle . proto man survives the battle and eventually manages to defeat their defeated enemy . focusing all of his remaining power into a shield , proto man manages to enter king ' s castle and destroy it , allowing mega man and bass to face him in battle alone . king asks why they fought so hard for him when they are the same person . the villain reveals that they are the ones who created him in the first place , which concerns him . the villain reveals that his creator is dr . wily , who then appears on the computer screen . when king asks the evil villain why robots kill each other for the good of humanity , he destroys his " war machine " and restores his powers . mega man and bass engage king in a battle and defeat him , but not before the villain throws proto man out of his castle . the countdown triggers a # @ - @ countdown , and the heroes escape without him . mega man and bass have a final confrontation with dr . wily in his newly created form . when king is defeated , bass demands to know how he defeated him . king reveals that he created him specifically to steal bass ' abilities . he tells him his plans for creating a new version of king to work with him in this way , and that the two would be working together . mega man arrives and finally reveals these plans . he then tells bass to fight proto man , but bass is defeated . it is then mega man tells him that although he is a good man of good intentions , he can not defeat his creator because he has nothing for which to fight . king doesn ' t listen and tells proto man to surrender , saying that he will stilland mega man to help his friends . mega man returns home where his egg maker gives him a message from king , who has just survived the destruction of his home . king wants to pay for his past crimes against him and asks for them to become friends if they are to meet in the future . = = gameplay = = the gameplay of mega man & bass is similar to previous games in the series . the player is tasked with completing a series of mid @ - @ air stages , avoiding obstacles , solving various puzzles , and defeating enemies . destroying the " robot master " boss at the end of each stage helps the player obtain a special weapon . in both games , the player now takes on the role of the original mega man . in this game , the player can choose to play the game as either mega man or bass . however , whichever character is chosen will be used for the rest of the game and cannot be replaced . mega man is able to alter his shots to make them more powerful and has the ability to dash along the ground . he is able to simultaneously fire his super cannon in all directions , though it cannot be used by jumping or breaking through walls unless a special weapon is obtained . bass is also able to perform @ - @ jumps ( landing a second time in mid @ - @ air ) and dash along the ground . doing both also lets him jump short distances while performing a double @ - @ jump . the level layout is different from previous games in the series . in the main stage , the player can now choose from three robot masters . defeating mega man unlock astro man and mega man ; defeating astro man unlock ice man , tengu man , and fire man ; and defeating ice man unlocks mega man and tengu man . completing one of these three stages opens the way to the security cavern where the player can collect a number of crystals with their robot master weapons . completing all three levels leads the player to the security room . in a similar manner to previous games in the series , enemies will receive upgrades when they are defeated , and these can be used for various special items and weapons . however , unlike in mega man , the security room provides a way to fire large numbers of crystals without having to actually use it . some features are unique to each game , such as mega man ' s ability to call upon his super brain to ask for information , and an ability for bass to communicate with his super brain to temporarily activate . also present in the main and robot master stages is a variety of special datacds that contain information about the main characters of the series . most of the cds are hidden , as items that need to be equipped with a special weapon or equipped with a character @ - @ bit weapon , making it possible to collect them all in a single playthrough . cds collected on one playthrough are then stored in a cache and are returned after completing the game . saved games are used in place of the series ' traditional save games . = = = = = mega man & bass was developed for the super famicom following the release of mega man 8 , which launched mega man & bass on the two character @ - @ bit consoles , the playstation and sega saturn . according to series creator keiji inafune , mega man & bass was designed for younger players who already played the super famicom and did not have the time to play mega man 8 on either of the two consoles . " even though trying to put out a big game on the [ super famicom ] seemed a little crazy at the time , we didn ' t want to make a big @ - @ hearted attempt at it , " inafune said . the development team included several sega employees , as well as members of the mega man staff . inafune asked them to make the game " as fun as possible " . director hideki ishikawa described the development of mega man & bass as " a big project " . the team wanted to create an original series , avoiding the " same old , same old [ . . . ] formula " that so many other video game series have and " having a lot of fun with it " . overall , mega man & bass features many of the same character @ - @ bit controls and graphics as mega man 8 . two of the eight battle - monsters in mega man & bass ( tengu man and astro man ) were originally from mega man 8 . the other six were specifically designed for the game . three character designers : hitoshi ariga ( credited as " k . ariga " ) , yoshihiro iwamoto ( credited as " k . iwamoto " ) and koji izuki ( credited as " k . iduki " ) designed two bosses each . the bosses were first revealed on a special edition of the kodansha pc magazine cover . each boss was given different personalities so that they could be easily identified by clues in both their name and appearance . each of these bosses had different personalities during their early development prior to the release of the game. " fire man " became fire man , " ice man " became ice man , and " fire man " became ground man . iwamoto mistakenly identified fire man as " ground man " despite there already being a playable character of that name in mega man 2 . the musical score for mega man & bass was composed by akari kaida ( credited as " a . kaida " ) , naoshi mizuta ( credited as " n . mizuta " ) , and " kirikiri @ - @ chan " ( real name unknown ) . rather than composing music together , each composer was responsible for their own music . kaida would later collaborate with other composers in the mega man series on the score for mega man 2 , released in 2010 . mega man & bass was only released in japan through the nintendo ds store and the lawson online store . its success led capcom to later release the game in the famicom game format . until the gba and @ - @ release , it was one of the few mega man games not localized for the @ - @ in japan . the company celebrated the 20th anniversary of the mega man series with the gba port of the game . = = legacy and legacy = = the gba version has received generally positive critical reception , currently holding an aggregate score of 86 % on both gamerankings and metacritic . most reviewers found the game to be a fun , fun , @ - @ platformer that still sticks to the classic mega man formula . electronic gaming monthly stated that mega man & bass is " one of the best action games on gba " and " a solid , if somewhat dull , platformer " with plenty of replay value thanks to the bonus features . gamepro was impressed with the game ' s similarity to its predecessor when compared to the ones found in the mega man battle network and mega man online series on the same platform . gamespy also noted the lack of innovation , stating , " anyone that hasn ' t played a mega man game before would be better equipped to spend $ 10 for a new version of mega man 2 on the psone rather than spending $ 10 for an older version of the original game " . some reviewers also noted the game ' s high difficulty . both giancarlo varanini of gamespot and craig harris of ign noted that the game ' s enemies have highly predictable attack patterns , thus making the game very difficult . they also noted a frequent use of " @ - @ and @ - @ " for the enemies themselveswhere the player must die three times before completing a level . it stated , " [ . . . ] that ' s just the way mega man games have always been . . . and to be honest , with all of the other possible endings in the game , there ' s always that , with every time that you ' ve learned the lesson , and that , especially in this game " . according to famitsu , mega man & bass for the gba sold 2 @ , @ 097 copies in japan between its release date and the date of december 31 , 2002 . nintendo power ranked mega man & bass as the 10th best gba game of all time in its 10th anniversary issue in 2008 . a video game exclusive to japan called rockman & forte mirai kara no chosensha ( ロックマン & [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] からの [UNK] 戦 [UNK] , lit . rockman & forte : escape from the labyrinth ) was released for the wonderswan computer in 1999 . the game consists of the player character ' s fight against an enemy called " rockman forte " . because mega man & bass was released shortly after mega man 8 and it shares story and gameplay elements with the rest of the main games in the series , many consider it to be the first main game in the series ; however , the sequel mega man 9 would not be released until 2008 . inafune stated in an interview with the japanese magazine nintendo power that the original game follows the events of mega man 8 and that the characters for mega man & bass and mega man 9 are meant to interact with one another , as evidenced by the mention of bass at the beginning of the game . in 2010 , bass was made available via downloadable content for mega man 9 . as in mega man & bass , he is able to fly , shoot in multiple directions with his gun , and attack by contact with enemies . portions of the story appeared in the mega man comic book from archie comics before it went on hiatus . most notably , it appeared during a time travel storyline in issue 21 , while issue 22 featured dr . king in a flashback of the events of the game among others . @ - @ to @ - @ - @ - @ - sections . = ohio state route 319 = state route 319 ( sr 319 ) is a very short , 4 @ - @ - state highway in the western part of the u . s . state of ohio . a scenic route , sr 319 has its western terminus at an abandoned railroad line just south of columbus , near the town ofburkettsville . its eastern terminus is 0 @ . @ 55 miles ( 0 @ . @ 90 km ) to the east of its western terminus at its junction with sr 118 . sr 319 was established in the early 1930s . it started out as a slightly rural road , but several sections would become a part of sr 118 in the late 1940s . = = route description = = for its entire length , sr 319 travels along the boundary between darke county on the south side and mercer county on the north side . sr 319 begins in downtown burkettsville at a small railroad crossing just south of main street . known as main street in burkettsville , the route travels due east through the village ' s central business district prior to entering a residential area where it intersects a few other streets . after leaving the village of burkettsville , sr 319 forms the boundary between darke county ' s greenville township and mercer county ' s granville township . after a short distance in granville , the route comes to an end as it terminates at its junction with sr 118 . continuing east , the highway ends in darke – at county line road . the ohio department of transportation ( odot ) conducts surveys along its highway system to measure traffic volume . this is most commonly defined as the annual average daily traffic ( aadt ) , or the percent of traffic volume for any average day of the year . in 2010 , odot calculated that an average of 710 vehicles per day traveled along the length of sr 319 . this state highway is not included as a part of the national highway system , a system of highways identified as being most important for the economy , mobility and defense of the nation . = = = = = sr 319 was established in 1932 . originally , sr 319 followed the path of the current route , along with the stretch of sr 118 from sr 319 east to sr 219 in coldwater . in 1935 , sr 319 was extended due east along the current alignment of sr 118 to what was then known as sr 118 , now a part of sr 118 , south of celina . two years later , sr 118 was extended south from its present northern terminus in greenville to its present southern terminus in granville . thus , the entirety of what was the far – southern portion of sr 319 up to that time became a part of the southern portion of sr 118 . in 1937 , sr 319 became the modern state highway that it is today . = = = intersections = = = parliament act 1911 = the parliament act 1911 is an act of the parliament of the united kingdom . it is an importantand , on the relationship between the house of commons and the house of lords which makes up the majority of parliament . this act must be regarded as synonymous with the parliament act 1949 . the two acts can be grouped together as the parliament acts 1911 and 1949 . following the failure of the 1909 " people ' s budget " , the house of commons sought to establish a conservative control over the house of lords , which had broken tradition by passing the budget . the bill was overwhelmingly passed by the commons and the lords ' political dominance was restored by general election in january 1910 . the irish parliament act , which sought to prevent a repeat of the financial crisis , was also strongly opposed by the lords and the @ - @ @ vote committee , partly because of the latter bill ' s applicability to only the irish home rule bill . at the subsequent general election in 1910 , the act was passed with the support of the king , george v , who had to face strong tory opposition to defeat the overwhelming conservative majority . the act also removed the right of the lords to reject money bills entirely , and extended the period of delay for all money bills with a maximum delay of five years . it also reduced the maximum term of the lords from seven years to five . = = = = = until the parliament act 1911 , there was no way to resolve disputes between the two houses of parliament except through the creation of new peers by the monarch . queen anne had appointed 80 new peers to parliament by the treaty of utrecht in 1713 . the peerage act 1832 was passed when the house of lords dropped support — william iv and promised to create 100 new peers by appointment of the prime minister , earl grey — with an immediate expectation that the lords would give way when the public voted in the house of lords . for example , irish independence , which had been a major point of contention between the two parliamentary houses since the 1840s , was — under pressure from the bill — passed by the lords in 1869 . w . e . gladstone won the 1868 election on the issue . thus , in effect , this gave the lords the right to ensure that the public vote was unanimous and to decide the outcome of the general election . it replaced the conventional practice that the house of lords could not reject money bills , since only the house of commons had the power to draw upon the votes the lords could draw upon . this did not , however , despite the apparent change , prevent lords from rejecting money bills completely . in 1860 , with the passing of the parliament act , all money bills werecombined into a single bill . this gave the lords the right to veto all bills and the possibility of striking down the whole bill was virtually impossible . it was only in 1909 that this became a reality . until the 1920s , the lords had considerable power over legislation relating to the commons , but did not exercise any power of veto over any legislation or taxation . there had been an @ @ @ - @ @ debate in the commons since the liberal victory in 1886 . with the conservative government able to push through the welfare measures with strong unionist support , this was enough to force changes in the relationship between the houses . between 1906 and 1909 , the welfare measures were either severely struck down or rejected outright : for example , birrell introduced the education act 1906 , which was intended to address the problems arising from the education act 1902 , but which was rejected by the lords to such an extent that it was effectively a government bill , upon which the lords withdrew the bill . this led to the 7 december 1907 resolution in the house of lords , that the lords ' power should be restricted , put forward by conservative prime minister john @ @ - @ bannerman . in 1909 , seeking to force an election , the lords rejected the government bill based on the 1909 budget ( the " people ' s budget " ) put forward by david lloyd george , by 350 votes to 200 . this , according to the lords , was " a violation of the constitution , and a violation of the sovereignty of the people " . the lords demanded that the lords maintain their role in representing the interests of the people : they did this until the january 1910 general election . the conservative government lost power , but remained in power with the support of a large number of irish nationalists and unionist ##s . the irish nationalists saw the veto power of the lords as essential to maintaining irish home rule . after the election , the lords voted against the bill ( since passed by the government ) , which passed the commons on 9 january , the day before the election . = = = = = the government was now faced with the prospect of a government bill , which received considerable support from the irish nationalists . a series of meetings between the conservative government and the opposition parties were organised . @ @ - @ @ such meetings were held between 1 october and 5 november . the lords considered a wide range of proposals , with some support from some , and a joint committee of the house of commons and lords provided a means by which to establish their authority in these matters ; the house of lords waswould be made so that a simple majority of 400 or less in the house of commons could pass the bill . however , the issue of home rule for ireland was the main issue , with conservatives seeking to remove such a bill from the parliament act 1911 by means of a special exception for " general " and " general " legislation . the conservatives sought an exception for legislation relating to the catholic and protestant ##ism , but not home rule . debates were finally held on 10 december . the conservatives threatened another dissolution if the parliament act was not passed , and followed through on their threat when opposition in the commons did not respond . the parliament of 1911 made no changes from 1910 . the threat of a second dissolution of parliament also appears to have been contrary to the wishes of edward vii . he had died in may 1910 while the bill was still in progress . his successor , george v , was asked if he would be willing to create new peers , which he would do if the need arose . this would have meant creating over 400 new hereditary peers . the king did , however , say that amendments would have to be made at least once by the lords without his consent . the amendments proposed by the lords were rejected and they showed little sign of progress . this prompted asquith to announce the government ' s intention to overcome the opposition in the house of commons by creating 400 new peers . he was defeated in the commons by 131 votes to 114 votes , a majority of 40 . this attracted a growing number of conservatives . = = = = = the bill contained the words " it is possible to substitute for the house of commons . there at present is no new house created on a permanent basis of hereditary basis , but this act cannot be immediately brought into effect " at the suggestion of conservative party leader , edward hughes . the short title of the bill was " an act to make provision with regard to the powers of the house of lords in relation to those of the house of commons , and to facilitate the extension of them . " section 2 rendered the short title as the " parliament act 1911 " . the act was also an attempt to put the relationship between the house of commons and house of lords on a permanent footing . as well as the complete abolition of money bills , it introduced new rules for how the powers the lords used to collect would be used . it did not change the powers of the lords , however . the lords would only be able to consider money bills for one year , effectively limiting their ability to do so . these were defined as : " moneywhich covered all bills dealing with the imposition , repeal , amendment , reduction , or extension of taxes ; the provision for the payment of taxes or any other sort of charges on the consolidated fund , or other fund , by parliament , and the amendment or repeal of any other measure ; taxation ; the collection , collection , distribution , storage or keeping of sums of public money ; and the raising or raising of a tax or the grant thereof . it did , however , cover any sort of other charges or other measures . other finance bills have not fallen under this section ; only fund and supply bills have . the speaker of the house of lords would have to confirm that the bill was a money bill , presenting it with a speaker ' s signature . the local government finance act 1988 , which covered the poll tax ( " poll tax " ) , is also known as a money bill and was also passed by the house . whilst money bills are not considered money bills , tradition holds that those parts of a public bill dealing with revenue or taxation ( which , if in that case passed , would be a money bill ) are not repealed . most money bills could no longer be passed ; however , they could be delayed for up to two years . this two @ - @ year period meant that bills passed in the fourth or fifth session of the parliament could be delayed until after the general election , which could be an effective measure to prevent them being passed . however , two years had to pass between the first reading in the house of lords in the first session and the passing of the bill in the house of commons in the second session . the speaker had to first confirm that the provisions of the bill had been complied with . various amendments and amendments were made to ensure that it is the same bill that has been passed twice . the 1911 act made clear that the term of the parliament could not be extended without the consent of the monarch . parliament had been limited to a term of two years by the septennial act 1715 , but this was changed by the passing of the parliament act 1911 . parliament would now be limited to two years , until the first session of parliament after the election . in practice , no delay has been caused by such a bill except when elections have been called by the monarch on behalf of the prime minister . it should be noted , however , that the two @ - @ year period is applied to the term of the parliament , and not to the period between general elections . for example , the 2010the election was held two years and one day after the 2005 general election , whilst the 1992 general election was held on 3 may 1992 and the 1997 general election was not held until 3 may 1997 . the increase in term limits was seen as a concession to the new powers given to the lords . = = = = = the lords continued to make amendments to various bills over which they had a power of veto and in some cases these were rejected by the commons . these included the war pensions act 1925 and the commercial fishing vessels act 1947 . the use of the lords ' s new powers had a significant influence on government . it was passed in response to the government of ireland act 1914 , which had come under the threat of a lords veto , if passed . irish mps had been warned against the use of the act . however , it never came into force because of the outbreak of the first world war . amendments to the parliament act 1911 were made to extend the term of the 1910 parliament after the outbreak of the first world war and 1935 , because of the second world war . these were also amendments to the right to hold an election for five years . legislation passed under the 1949 act , without the consent of the lords , is now considered secondary legislation . the first of this was in r v attorney general , where the validity of the parliament act 1949 was challenged . the lords argued , that the 1949 act was secondary rather than primary legislation , and that the 1911 act had given power to the commons . if this was the case , then the commons could not control itself through the 1949 act without the consent from the lords . since it was passed before the 1911 act , it had not received the direct consent of the lords . therefore , the 1949 act was held to be constitutional . the 1911 act , it was argued , was not really for controlling the commons , but rather to limit the power of the lords to pass legislation . this ruling also suggested that attempts to control the house of lords ( a higher legislative authority ) under the act could be justified , although the question was not explicitly addressed to the lords . = = = = = the parliament act 1911 can be seen in the context of the british constitution : rather than adopt a new constitution , parliament decided instead to act through the usual channels in response to the crisis . this was a practical solution , which avoided the usual process of replacing existing laws and altering the existing constitution . it is therefore considered a form of " constitutional reform " ,which gives it a place in parliament and in the courts with regard to whether other bills can replace it and the mechanisms by which this can occur . it is also used in discussion of constitutional law . whilst it lists provisions governing the procedure of the house of lords , it also touches on many others . section 2 ( 1 ) only makes exceptions if money bills do not originate in the house of lords and the exceptions in section 2 ( 2 ) only if proceedings on a money bill are held in a parliamentary session , otherwise they must originate and be passed through parliament first . = = = constitutional law = = =