= william nesbitt = william michael nesbitt , obe ( born 1 august 1965 ) is an actor and comedian from northern ireland . born in ballymena , county antrim , nesbitt grew up in the nearby village of broughshane , before moving to coleraine , county londonderry . he wanted to be a teacher like his father , so he took a degree in education at the university of ulster . he dropped out after a year when he wanted to become an actor , and went to the central school of speech and drama in london . after graduating in 1987 , he spent several years appearing in films that ranged from the comedy cat on the roof ( 1987 , 1989 ) to the crime drama paddywack ( 1994 ) . he made his feature film debut as secret agent fintan o ' donnell in hear my song ( 1991 ) . nesbitt played his first television role as jimmy kennedy in the situation comedy @ - @ - @ feet ( 1998 – 2003 ) , which earned him a british comedy award , a television and screen actors guild award , and a bafta television award . his first feature film role came when he appeared as # ##gy " tommy " murphy in king ned ( 1998 ) . with the rest of the original cast , nesbitt was nominated for a screen actors guild award . in slim jim ( 2001 ) , he made his debut as a lead actor , playing detective tommy murphy . the following year , he played ivan murphy in the drama sunday bloody sunday , about the 1972 riots in derry . a departure from his usual " irish chappie " image , the role marked a turning point in his career . he won a british independent film award and was nominated for the british academy television award for best actor . nesbitt has since appeared in murphy ' s law ( 2001 – 2007 ) as police detective tommy murphy , in a role that was written for him by director colin bateman . the role also earned nesbitt best actor nominations at the irish film & television awards ( ifta ) . in 2007 , he appeared in the dual role of henry jackman and mr hyde in steven moffat ' s jekyll , which earned him a golden globe award nomination in 2008 . nesbitt has since appeared in several other feature films ; he starred alongside liam neeson in 5 minutes of fame ( 2009 ) , and was one of the lead actors in the television miniseries casualty ( 2009 ) . he also appeared in the films doctors ( 2010 ) and the bill ( 2010 ) . he also bofur inpeter jackson ' s three @ - @ room film adaptation of the book ( 2012 @ - @ 2014 ) . nesbitt is married to the actress sonia forbes @ - @ room , with whom he has two children . he is an advocate of environmental causes , and in 2010 he accepted the honorary position of chancellor of the university of ulster . = = = marriage and death = = = nesbitt was born on 30 october 1965 in ballymena , county antrim , northern ireland . his father , james " jim " nesbitt , was the headmaster of the national school in lisnamurrican , a village near broughshane , and his mother , may nesbitt , was a civil servant . jim and may also have three daughters — margaret , kathryn and andrea . the family lived in the house above the three @ - @ room , where nesbitt was one of the children taught by jim ; the other pupils were his parents ' children . nesbitt grew up " hanging " around home , and spending a lot of time outside , " kicking a ball against the wall " . he had ambitions to play football for manchester united , or to become a doctor like his father . the family is catholic , and lisnamurrican is called " the village " . the nesbitts spent sunday afternoons singing songs about the village . jim played with the ballymena young irish pipe band and nesbitt joined him at the piano . during the drumcree riots , they were involved with the band . the family ' s upbringing in the village left them relatively untouched during the troubles , although nesbitt , his mother , and two of his sisters narrowly escaped a bomb that exploded outside ballymena town hall in the early 1970s . when nesbitt was 11 years old , the family moved to coleraine , county londonderry , where jim worked for the scottish office . he received his primary education at blagh primary school , and went on to coleraine academical institution ( cai ) . in 1978 , when he was 11 , his father encouraged him to audition for the riverside theatre ' s new production of oliver ! . nesbitt sang " bohemian rhapsody " at the riverside and won the role of the character peter , which he played in his cai debut . he continued to act and sing with the company until he was 16 , and appeared in cai and as an extra in play for today : the musical ( theatre menaul , 1984 ) . he won his first card whenthe lead actor in jiminy cricket in pinocchio broke his leg two days before the performance , and nesbitt stepped in to take his place . acting had not initially appealed to him , but he " saw the lights come on " when he played the golden boy ( anthony asquith , 1948 ) . when he was 16 , he got his first acting job as a bingo player at barry ' s theatre in portrush . i was paid £ ##40 per week for the bingo game and would also , on occasion , appear as the old man in the big show . he left cai at the age of 18 and began a course in drama at the university of ulster , ( now ulster university ) in jordanstown . he remained at university for a year before dropping out . in a 1999 interview , nesbitt said , " i had the idea in my head , but i just couldn ' t be sure . being 18 is the wrong age to expect me to be acting . there are other things to be concerned with , like money and money . " he made the decision to leave when he was about to finish an honours thesis on acting for the drama course at pan arts in belfast . his father suggested that he should return to ireland if he wanted to continue acting , so nesbitt enrolled at the central school of speech and drama ( cssd ) , part of university of london . nesbitt was misunderstood and criticised when he first arrived in london , on account of his ethnic minority background ; " when i first went to drama school i was a brit the minute i walked in . and i remember going to drama school and them all saying to me , ' aww , man , get lost ' , and i was like ' it ' s a little bit more complicated than that , you know . ' " he graduated in 1987 , at the age of 19 . = = = = = = = = = come and hear my voice = = = the end after leaving cssd in 1987 , nesbitt landed a small role in edward , a bbc / bbc one television drama about the life of edward ogdon . he appeared for six months on the show , earning £ 250 per week . his first professional theatre role came later the same year , when he played keith in up on the roof . the play premiered at the theatre royal , bath , before transferring to the london west end . nesbitt reprised the role when the show returned to london in january 1989 . roger appeared inthe stage and film magazine wrote that nesbitt " leads the play with the best technique and best energy . he always lives up to it with an easy smile " . nesbitt appeared in two more plays in 1989 ; in 1990 , he played prince junior and prince in peter jepson ' s as you like it at the lyric theatre london , and as claudius in yuri lyubimov ' s production of hamlet . hamlet had been translated back to english from boris barnet ' s russian version . it played at the haymarket theatre , london for a month before a transfer to the old vic and then a self @ - @ - long tour . nesbitt played guildenstern , barnardo and the music man . he wrote that the play received " mixed " reviews , but was successful . in the early 1990s , he toured with irish comedian michael flynn and made money by signing television contracts for the bbc production of soldier soldier . in his first feature film , hear my song ( john chelsom , 1991 ) , nesbitt played fintan o ' donnell , a struggling young actor and friend of eugene o ' neill ( michael dunbar ) . the new york times reviewer wrote , " the young , awkward mr . nesbitt , manages to combine charm with wry humour " . the reviews he received made him self @ - @ happy and enthusiastic ; in 2001 , he said , " when i did hear my song , i was pretty far down my own throat again . i thought , ' oh , that ' s right , i ' ve got it . ' and i ' m glad that happened , because you never find out how lucky you are . " his injury kept him out of theatre for several months after the play was produced . until 1994 , he supplemented his stage work with small roles on television in episodes of heartbeat , the young bob jones show , covington street , lovejoy , and between the lines . in 1993 , he appeared in love is bleeding , an episode of the bbc drama series casualty and his first role in a film directed by michael winterbottom ; he also appeared in # ##gol ( 1995 ) , jude ( 1996 ) and road to sarajevo ( 1997 ) . the times reviewer wrote that " he proved himself to be a fine young actor " in road and train . also on stage , he appeared as doalty in macbeth ( gwenda hunt , birmingham repertory theatre , 1991 ) , aidan in una pooka (christopher lee and richard courtney , cockpit theatre , 1992 ) , damien in paddywack ( john latimer ) , cockpit theatre , 1994 ) , and alex in nobody ' s daughter ( michael bennett , cockpit theatre , 1994 ) . paddywack , in which nesbitt ' s character is accused by others of being an ira member , travelled to the united states for a run at the long wharf theatre in new haven , connecticut in october 1994 . the guardian reviewer called damien " the show ' s most fully developed character " and praised nesbitt for giving " the most convincing , convincing performance [ of the season ] " . in 1996 , nesbitt appeared in an episode of the bbc northern ireland crime drama ballykissangel , playing adam mcgarvey , the ex @ - @ boyfriend of assumpta clifford ( dervla kirwan ) and love interest of michael clifford ( stephen tompkinson ) . he played the role for two episodes in 1998 . = = = cold feet and other episodes = = = in 1996 , nesbitt auditioned to play adam kennedy , the male lead in cold feet , an itv comedy series about two men in different stages of their romantic relationship . the role came about through a mutual friend of nesbitt ' s and the director , declan lowney . the director , christine langan , has since reprised his role in hear my song and come home . adam had originally been written with an actor in mind to play him — . director john bullen had written the character as a poorly disguised portrait of himself in his 20s — so nesbitt decided to take the opportunity to star in a british comedy about an irish man from northern ireland with no connection to the uk , modeled on the ex @ - @ love interest of love is bleeding . cold feet was a ratings success ; it won the 1997 golden palm of montreux and the 1997 british comedy award for best itv comedy and was subsequently commissioned for a second series . cold feet ' s first series aired at the end of 1998 and was followed by the second series in 1999 . a storyline in that series involved adam being diagnosed with lung cancer , which led nesbitt to become a patron of the charity # ##aid . by the end of the second series , nesbitt and the other cast members were beginning to doubt the show ' s direction ; an episode of itv ' s last days was due to be filmed on location in scotland . nesbitt insisted it be filmed in belfast and portrush ,. the scenes were filmed at his best friend barry ' s pub , although they were cut from the final version . at the end of the fourth series in 2001 , nesbitt decided to leave to move on to other projects . executive producer andy davies asked him to stay for two more series , suggesting that adam be killed off , and nesbitt stayed on for the fifth series . during pre @ - @ filming of the fifth series , nick bullen decided to kill off adam ' s girlfriend kate ( played by helen baxendale ) instead . cold feet ran for six series from 1998 to 2003 , and nesbitt won the british comedy award for best british comedy actor in 2000 , the television and radio industries association award for comedy series actor of the year in 2002 , the bafta tv award for most popular comedy actor in 2003 , and the diana ross award for best actor in 2003 . nesbitt credited the role with raising his profile with the public . other television roles during these early years included liverpool ' s football team manager pat dolan in the first two episodes of kay mellor ' s play the game ( working alongside his cold feet first @ - @ , david mitchell ) , investigative journalists ryan and sarah jones in lucky man ( chris evans , 1998 ) and resident evil , respectively , and paul robinson in men without heads ( coky giedroyc , 1999 ) . nesbitt ' s performance in hear my song had also impressed first @ - @ time actor and film director kirk douglas , who cast him in his 1998 feature film waking ned . playing the eccentric william " billy " wilson brought nesbitt to international attention , particularly in the united states ( where the film was released as waking ned devine ) ; the actor was nominated for the 1999 screen actors guild award for outstanding performance by a newcomer in a feature motion picture . in 1999 , he appeared as the eccentric " mad dog " billy wilson in the most wanted man in britain ( dudi films ) . the following year , he appeared in declan lowney ' s feature film , what about us . lowney also later recommended him to star in the lead role of first @ - @ time conservative mp john adair . in 2001 , he made his debut as a lead actor in another feature film , joe cattaneo ' s lucky man . he played billy wilson , an eccentric bank robber who attempts to escape from a prison by performing a stunt as a prisoner . while interviewed for the role , nesbitt said , "short of bombing a bank there wasn ' t much else we could have done . we did have a riot in wandsworth prison and that was the general state of prisoners ' lives . i didn ' t interview some of the inmates because i thought it would be a bit embarrassing because it was unusual for a prison and also because we were driving home at night in our fancy cars to stay in our fancy houses . " the film was a commercial failure , despite receiving positive reviews from television audiences in the united kingdom . = = = bloody sunday = = = nesbitt had been approached at the british academy television awards 2001 by director paul greengrass , who asked him to appear in a television documentary he was making about the 1972 " bloody sunday " shooting in derry . nesbitt was only 17 years old when the shooting occurred and was unaware of its significance ; he said that there was " no smoke without alcohol " and that the derry community must have done something to shock the british public . he was on cold ##itz in derry when he saw the script . he read it and said that had " an immediate effect " on him . nesbitt played ivan cooper in bloody sunday , the man who arranged for the shooting to go ahead . to prepare for the role , nesbitt met with cooper and spent several hours talking to him about his experiences on that day . he met with some of the victims and watched the original bloody sunday documentary with them , and then with patrick mullan ' s film bloody sunday and peter pringle and peter jacobson ' s those are the days , aren ' t they ? . greengrass compared nesbitt ' s performance to an athlete preparing for a marathon , and told the times , " for an irish actor , filming the film is like king kong . " nesbitt also questioned whether he was a good enough actor to actually play ivan and was unsure what derry catholics would think of a protestant in the role , although ivan cooper himself is a catholic . shortly after bloody sunday was broadcast , nesbitt described it as " shocking , extraordinary " and " emotionally draining " . the broadcast on itv in january 2002 and its aftermath did not go without controversy ; it was criticised by critics for suggesting that catholics in northern ireland felt " great collective sorrow " over the shooting . his parents ' home was also bombed and he received death threats . during the awards ceremony , nesbitt won the british independent film award for best performance by an actor in a british independent film and was nominatedfor the british academy film award for best actor . the film was also screened at film festivals such as the toronto international film festival , where nesbitt was presented with the best actor award . in an analysis of the film for the film & culture journal , aileen blaney wrote that it is nesbitt ' s double @ - @ and household name status that makes his portrayal of cooper such a success . she noted that nesbitt ' s celebrity status mirrors that of cooper ' s in the film : " a household name in great britain , northern ireland and the irish diaspora [ ... ] , nesbitt ' s enormous popular appeal is certainly not dependent upon his particular religious faith , and even the double @ - @ status of the character he plays does not deter fans of an alternative , or alternative , religious faith . " film critic susie smith wrote that his role in bloody sunday was an attempt to address the issue of his " irishness " on screen : " where he has taken part in a similar role , his persona as an alcoholic has often been replaced by an honest , double @ - @ @ humour . but in his more serious , double @ - @ @ roles , ( as in the ##itz , and the cold ##gy in the bbc satirical comedy , ned ) , nesbitt ' s irishness has been criticised for its comic timing . it has been ignored and , in the end , double @ - @ removed . " another critic described bloody sunday as nesbitt ' s " coming of age " film , and nesbitt considered it a turning point in his career . he referred to his period since the film was made as " double @ - @ bloody sunday " . = = = murphy ' s law = = = in 2003 , nesbitt played fictional police officer tommy murphy in the second series of murphy ' s law , after appearing in a television pilot broadcast in 2001 . the series was conceived when nesbitt was keen on playing the character ; he and producer greg brenman approached director colin bateman about creating a television series for nesbitt in a similar vein to bateman ' s dan brown series . bateman and nesbitt were already well acquainted ; nesbitt had been considered for the lead role in judging amy ( gerry caffrey , 1998 ) , based on bateman ' s own novel . a double @ - @ episode episode of murphy ' s law was commissioned by the bbc , described as a " mini - drama " . the##eman provided a fictional backstory for murphy , which was developed at the request of the producers . after the broadcast of the series , television critic gareth mclean wrote , " the young peter nesbitt resulted in a solid , highly watchable supporting character , but neither did he seem intimidated by his age , and his chemistry with [ claudia ] ryan was strong and very convincing . " in 2003 , nesbitt won the irish film & television awards ( ifta ) for best actor in a television drama for the role . the fifth series was broadcast in 2004 . by 2005 , nesbitt had grown tired of the role and threatened to quit unless the format of the show was changed . he was appointed a creative consultant and insisted that he play an undercover cop for the fifth series , instead of moving into a different one each week . this added another dimension to the series , helping to make it a better reflection of his @ - @ life police career . following his work with undercover police officer john bleksley , nesbitt became a personal trainer and grew a fake mustache to change murphy ' s facial characteristics and tone to the " cheeky chappie " personality that the actor had become accustomed to from his youth . with his friends , he went out three times a week , jogging and lifting exercise and weights . when the first regular series was broadcast , stephen jones wrote in the guardian , " in the past , when exchanging a witty remark with a hard stare , nesbitt has never had anything more than a slightly funny expression , something almost ready to burst out of those thin red lips . but now , he ' s different . he just has the look of a man who means well . " the fifth series marked a decline in nesbitt ' s career ; he described it as " a big mistake " in his career . murphy ' s character was not recommissioned for the sixth series , which nesbitt attributed to the damage done to the previous series , when it was broadcast opposite the popular itv drama doc martin . in 2004 , nesbitt starred in wall of silence , a real @ - @ life drama about the aftermath of the murder of boy jamie robe . nesbitt played john robe , the boy ' s father , who tries to break through the wall of silence at the local pub to discover exactly what happened to his son . he had only just finished the murder when he was offered the role and was unsure whether he wanted to take on such a roleand followed soon after by ivan cooper . he decided to take the role because he found it appealing . to prepare for the role , nesbitt met with robe and spent time talking to him in his north london accent , both of jamie , and of jamie ' s need for his help . nesbitt spoke with his yorkshire accent instead of using robe ' s south london accent , as he did not want the accent to be excluded from the show . the bbc @ - @ drama was filmed over three weeks and broadcast in february 2004 . the role won nesbitt an ifta award for best actor in a television drama later that year . in may 2004 , he appeared in tony marchant ' s play ##by , playing joe cooper , a policeman who witnesses a woman being murdered by two men on a train and decides not to investigate . he later realises that the woman was murdered and cannot bring himself to admit in tears that he did nothing to save her . nesbitt described himself as " ... a better man than me : a better father and husband . however , because he has made the wrong decision , he can ' t do everything in his life , everything he thinks he is doing . he loses the respect of his friends , his family and his work , and struggles to reach the highest possible level of inner peace . " as a result of these successful storylines , he was voted the fourth most popular actor in radio drama in a list compiled by industry experts for the radio times . in october 2004 , he appeared as inspector parlabane in the itv adaptation of christopher brookmyre ' s novel early one morning . the bbc originally wanted british actor david henshall to play inspector parlabane but itv eventually rejected them and cast nesbitt . he was given time to research the role but he was eventually dropped on the advice of both the bbc and his producer @ - @ , daniela nardini . also in 2004 , he played the role of ronnie smith in witness ( danny boyle , 2004 ) , and detective banner in match point ( woody allen , 2005 ) . he was still taking time off from acting and did not really want the role in match point . he sent banner an audition tape and was cast for the role . nesbitt ' s character appears at the end of the film and he read only that part of the script , and did not know the exact details of the case he played . despite his initial reservations , nesbitt enjoyed working with banner , and joined him onhis directorial debut . nesbitt returned to stage acting in may 2005 when he appeared in david nicholls ' the wedding , a ten @ - @ - @ - @ play staged as part of the old vic ' s ten @ - @ length drama series . nesbitt and catherine tate starred as a young couple who are a group of friends returning from their honeymoon . later that year , he appeared in his first ten @ - @ length play in five years , in paul mccafferty ' s play the philosopher . he enjoyed the experience of learning his lines and working with the cast and crew . the play premiered at the riverside studios in june 2005 and his performance as socrates received mixed reviews . in the guardian , michael coveney said the role did not suit the actor : " nesbitt was great . but i never thought that he fit in his role of a man like socrates [ . . . ] we talked and laughed throughout the play which gradually became less about playing on words and more about playing on emotions . " in the daily telegraph , john spencer described nesbitt ' s performance as " brilliant " . = = = jekyll , five episodes , 2006 = = = at the end of 2005 , nesbitt and his agent met with bbc head of drama jane tranter to discuss a new series of burke ' s law . at the meeting ' s conclusion , tranter sent nesbitt the first spec script of jekyll , a new series by steven moffat that followed the story of dr jekyll and mr hyde . nesbitt spent several weeks reading the script before accepting the role of henry jackman — and his first @ - @ as mr hyde . after signing on for the series , he met with moffat and hartswood productions executive producer john vertue to discuss the role , and attended several ten @ - @ screen tests . his enthusiasm for the role was evident because filming was not due to begin until september 2006 . nesbitt spent an hour a day being more comfortable as hyde ; a wig covered his face and rings were added to his ears , nose and ear lobes . he also wore special contact lenses to make hyde " invisible " , and cgi was used to separate the scenes from jackman and the @ - @ character . the series was broadcast on bbc two in june and july 2007 . the series earned him a nomination from the british foreign press association for the golden globe award for best performance by an actor inthe 2007 @ - @ miniseries and motion picture award for drama , and a nomination for the rose d ' or for best actor . in 2008 , he played pontius ii in the passion , a bbc / hbo adaptation of the last chapter of the life of galileo . he had initially declined the role due to his work commitments , but accepted the role after his agent asked him to tell @ - @ about it before making a final decision . he was surprised to learn that the film was being produced by nigel stafford @ - @ productions , whose random house book he had read , and that he would be working with his jekyll & @ - @ colleague denis lawson . contrary to most interpretations of holmes , nesbitt described the historical character as " amazing " , and — delighted when playing the parlabane — in his irish accent . the film was released in the uk during easter of 2008 . shortly after completing the film , he played the role of sir david raban in the hammer tv series danger ##field , which was shown on itv in may 2008 . it earned him a bafta nomination ( shared with the 2007 remake of murphy ' s law ) for the itv3 best drama award for best actor . at the end of the year , he landed the lead role in the 2007 @ - @ productions feature film peter . the writer and director david aldridge created the role of peter with nesbitt in mind to play him . the film had a limited release in 2008 and 2009 . the bbc broadcast it on dvd in 2010 . nesbitt said , " the role of peter is what i really thought of now , you wait your whole life for an opportunity like this and when it comes you have to take it . " the following year , nesbitt joined @ - @ productions with liam neeson on the new @ - @ productions television series five minutes of heaven ( michael hirschbiegel , 2009 ) . the first part of the series depicts the original @ - @ inspired murder of jim griffin by alistair little at the lurgan ; the second part depicts a chance meeting between jim ( neeson ) and jim ' s brother joe ( nesbitt ) two years earlier . nesbitt met with joe before dying , to talk about how his brother ' s death affected him . the film was shown on bbc two in september 2009 . he also starred as detective sgt . peter jones in richard bowker ' s 2009 @ - @ productions bbc / hbo television series blessed . in 2010 , after over ten years , nesbitt 'his character is one of two british soldiers who return to baghdad , iraq after their tours have ended . he told the story while speaking to british army soldiers in iraq , and french soldiers in france , where the film was filmed . his performances were commended by television critic hugh montgomery ; in his review of 2009 ' s invasion , montgomery called nesbitt " king of the screen " , writing , " just as you would if nesbitt dressed up as the gurning man of everything else in british military history , he delivered two stonking roles , as the transfixingly sympathetic soldier in invasion , and the equally sympathetic soldier ' s father in co @ - @ war : 30 years of war . win the film a bafta . " nesbitt was not nominated for a bafta award , but did receive a nomination for best actor from the british press guild for his performance . = = = other = = = = in december 2009 , nesbitt signed a contract with the british talent agency the talent agency , as the global financial crisis was affecting talent in british television . he was to be represented in the united states by creative artists management . the following year nesbitt played the character cathal in the co @ - @ rated irish drama film outcast , which was a departure from his previous film roles . after screening at several international film festivals in early 2010 , the film received a limited release in the latter part of the year . nesbitt had previously worked with the film ' s director and co @ - @ writer colm mccarthy on murphy ' s law , which was the reason he accepted the role . he researched the psychological aspects of the character by studying old irish stories and beliefs . he also starred alongside minnie driver and his road to kill co @ - @ colleague goran visnjic in the tiger tv drama in the city . in the irish @ - @ crime drama , nesbitt played the character clem donnelly . the film was shot over 10 days at bbc scotland ' s studios in dumbarton . early 2010 saw the release of nadia hussain ' s film black sheep , in which nesbitt played the lead role of connor . he became interested in the project after reading an early script draft in 2006 . in 2008 , the global financial crisis had affected the budget of the film , and nesbitt requested a cut of his salary so the film could still be made . the film was shot over 10 days in ireland in 2009 and released in 2010 . however , he##bitt collaborated with fellow actor richard bowker to star in the itv medical drama series casualty , playing tom monroe . nesbitt was bowker ' s first choice for the role . nesbitt assisted the development of the new character by observing the surgery being performed by john hurt , and then working with de hille at leeds royal infirmary . the series was filmed over three weeks in london at the end of 2010 and aired on itv during march and april 2011 . nesbitt will reprise the role for the second series , which is scheduled to begin filming in 2012 . in 2011 , nesbitt and @ - @ starred as # ##man ##us in emilio estevez ' s all the way , alongside martin sheen , deborah kara unger , and yorick van wageningen , and had a role as sicinius in ralph fiennes ' s shakespeare play coriolanus . alongside several other british and american actors , nesbitt was cast in peter jackson ' s late @ - @ episodes of the avengers , playing the character bofur . nesbitt did not read j . r . r . tolkien ' s novel and took the role instead . although the film was expected to take around six months to shoot in new zealand , nesbitt ' s wife and daughter travelled with him , and his sons were enrolled in a new zealand school . filming began in september 2011 . the first part , the dragon : an unexpected journey , was filmed in october 2012 , the second part , the dragon : the return of smaug , in january 2013 , and the third and final part , the dragon : the battle of the five armies , in january 2014 . = = other roles = = in 2002 , nesbitt made his television debut as the presenter of richard nesbitt ' s blazing stars , a series for bbc one that saw him spend two weeks in las vegas covering the world cowboy rodeo and the miss universe beauty pageant . in 2007 , he was the guest presenter of an episode of the late @ - @ and ##time comedy series the late late show . as a film awards presenter , he hosted the ifta awards ceremony for three consecutive years between 2005 and 2007 , the british independent film awards from 2005 to 2010 , and the british comedy awards in 2008 and 2010 . in 2009 , he hosted the laurence olivier awards . an avid golfer since his teenage years , nesbitt joined the presenting team for bbc one ' s all * star golf between 2005 and 2006 . hemoved on to a series of english @ - @ tv television commercials for the company ##o in 2003 , playing a troubled teenager named danny for the company ' s yellow paint campaign until 2006 . nme writer andrew billen said that the commercials " cost him some money " but nesbitt was pleased with the money he made from them . in 2004 , he joined the supergroup generation x to record " made in france " , the unofficial anthem for the england national football team ' s victory in the uefa euro 2004 tournament . his songs have also appeared in lucky luke and an episode of cold feet . the song was featured in the episode — " ( love is ) the perfect thing " — and included on one of the series ' soundtrack albums . he also contributed vocals to the big ned soundtrack . a fan of the irish band u2 , he had a role in their 2006 film score . in 2009 , he appeared in the music video for " the day i die " , a song by english @ @ - @ pop group just jack . nesbitt was introduced to just jack by elton john . nesbit ##t was to open the 2013 british independent film awards in london on 8 february 2013 . since 2013 nesbitt appeared in commercials for thomas cook . in 2014 , nesbitt played the lead role of the lead character tony walsh in the bbc drama , the bill , alongside frances o ' connor ( as his current / english @ - @ girlfriend , emily smith / walsh ) and tcheky karyo ( as julien baptiste , a french private investigator ) . the series centres on a young married couple , whose son goes missing while they are on holiday in france , and the subsequent commission of police officers to find clues as to what happened to their son and daughter . coincidentally , nesbitt and karyo had appeared briefly together in the martin kemp film the bill ( 2010 ) . = = real name = = nesbitt is married to sonia forbes @ - @ adam , the daughter of actor , john forbes adam . the two met when nesbitt went to the prestigious english @ - @ audition for acting at loughborough university in 1989 , and they soon began dating . they split up for a while after the success of hear my song but ... and married in 1994 . they have since had two daughters , peggy and sophie ( both of whom appeared in the first two hamlet films , the adventures of william the wise ) . nesbitt ' s three daughters also became actresses . in 2002 , athe independent published an interview with a financial advisor who claimed to have had a forbes @ - @ years affair with nesbitt . shortly afterwards , a newspaper article revealed an affair with a woman , who said nesbitt had dozens of affairs with his cold feet and @ - @ girlfriend mary robinson , and amanda brunker , a former miss england . commenting on the lack of information about his personal life , nesbitt has said he feared that this would end his career , but the revelation of his " secret identity " prompted him to " take a long and hard look " at himself . in january 2013 , nesbitt announced that he and his wife sonia forbes @ - @ forbes would split from each other after ten years . the couple says that the success of the film adaptation has forced the couple to live apart for the past two years . the separation came from a mutual decision and the couple said that money was not one of the reasons for their separation . nesbitt is a patron of care , a charity set up to help those affected by the troubles . the charity faced closure due to financial difficulties . nesbitt invited musicians and actors to become patrons . since 2005 , he has been a unicef goodwill ambassador , working with hiv and aids victims , and with british soldiers in afghanistan . he describes the job as " a dream " . writing in the guardian about his visit to kenya in 2006 , nesbitt said that the children he visited were receiving a moral and ethical education . the visit was described by the evening standard as " shocking and very un @ - @ like " . since 1999 , he has been a supporter of prostate cancer , the result of both his father ' s battle with lung cancer and a role in the first series of cold feet , where his father had terminal cancer . he has been an active patron of abbey theatre , one of ireland ' s leading drama companies , since 2007 . he is a supporter of football clubs coleraine and manchester united . in 2003 , nesbitt made a donation of " millions of pounds " to coleraine , after the club came close to folding . he has called the club " the symbol " of coleraine and invited its fans to attend premier league matches . nesbitt was a vocal critic of malcolm turnbull ' s 2005 takeover of manchester united , and after the collapse of that club , appeared in television advertisements for luxury cars at old trafford , for which he was criticised by turnbull . to counter the criticism , he became one half ofhis £ ##4 @ , @ 000 went to the manchester united supporters ' trust and the other half to charity . nesbitt is the @ - @ owner of the hunt horse ' ulster theatre ' , named after the campus of the university of ulster , coleraine , which won the ryanair trophy at the 2012 cheltenham festival . in march 2010 , nesbitt accepted the new position of chancellor of the university of ulster , succeeding former lord mayor of belfast , richard nichols . gerry adams , the chairman of the university governing body , asked nesbitt to " bring real energy , enthusiasm and enthusiasm " to the university . on his official appointment on 1 march 2010 , nesbitt said , " rather than being just an ordinary official speaker at meetings , i believe i can act as an ambassador . i have spoken to an awful lot of people and organisations because of my work . i want to be a voice that can be heard , not just at the university , but everywhere , for the cause of the future of education . if that includes being here in stormont , then i ' d be very happy to do that . all these big spending cuts are going to have an impact and it ' s important to me for that because it ' s about investing in education and investing in the future of northern ireland . i think i can do something to that , or i wouldn ' t have taken this job . " he was appointed officer of the order of the british empire ( obe ) in the 2016 new year honours for services to education and to the community in northern ireland . = = filmography and television = = = = personal secretary = = honorary doctor of letters ( d . litt ) for services to drama from university of ulster , magee college ( 1 november 2003 ) . certificate of honour for services to drama from belfast metropolitan university ( 1 november 2008 ) . chancellor of the university of ulster ( 2010 — ) ( acting )