= po river campaign = the po river campaign was an offensive campaign of the italian campaign during the second world war , fought by elements of the british eighth army and ii panzer corps ( ii panzerkorps ) of the german 10th army ( 10 . armee ) . fought from november – to december 1943 , the campaign was fought in the valley of the po river in northern italy . the campaign was fought as part of an overall plan by general sir harold alexander ' s british 15th army group , with the aim of breaking the german army ' s cold weather defensive line and advancing to pescara — and then rome . beginning on 4 december , three infantry divisions — one british , one american , one australian and one new zealand ( which included an armoured brigade ) — and two armoured divisions ( one british and one australian ) of ii corps and vi corps attacked heavily fortified german positions along the po river , reaching highly exploitable positions by 8 december . over the next week , nearly all attack ##s by both corps — designed to keep one another pinned down — the german defensive line around orsogna and a deep line known as " the line " . after being trapped in the line for several days , the british succeeded in breaking the line , and forced a german retreat to the ortona – orsogna line . on 14 december , the line was captured by both sides . by 16 december , the german attack had defeated canadian forces in ortona and australian and new zealand forces in orsogna . although both ortona and campo grande were captured by the end of december , mass exhaustion among the allied forces delayed the capture of orsogna and the advance to pescara . when severe winter weather set in , it became clear to the allied commanders that no further progress would be made and alexander called off the offensive . = = = = = in november 1943 , the 15th army group under general sir harold alexander were making their way back into italy against stiff german resistance led by generalfeldmarschall albert kesselring , whose forces had established a series of defensive positions . east of the apennine mountain range was the british eighth army , under general bernard montgomery . in october , eighth army had crossed the bifurno river and pushed the germans back from the volturno @ - @ viktor ##ia line . hampered by supply problems , they were not able to reach the final line of defence ( the barbara line ) along the trigno river until late november . however , on 5the remaining units of the eighth army were in contact with the german defenders of the german winter line , which had been established on the high ground south of the sangro river . the planned attack across the sangro by x corps ( lieutenant @ - @ general john allfrey ) , by the british 78th infantry division ( lieutenant @ - @ general vyvyan evelegh ) and 8th indian infantry division ( lieutenant @ - @ general dudley smith ) with flanking and flanking attacks further south by 2nd new zealand division ( lieutenant @ - @ general bernard freyberg ) and i corps ( lieutenant @ - @ general miles f . dempsey ) — was delayed by bad weather until the afternoon . after two days of heavy fighting , the germans withdrew to the positions they had built on the high ground to the north of the po river . = = = plan and order of battle = = the po river runs from the central mountain range of italy to the adriatic sea south of ortona . the german positions along the river were not part of the winter line , which protected the west bank of the river along route 1 . montgomery planned to break through the winter line , capture ortona and pescara and advance to rome . the 78th infantry division , which had been under x corps since the volturno ridge , and had suffered over 1 @ , @ 000 casualties in less than two months , was relieved by the british 1st indian infantry division ( lieutenant @ - @ general chris vokes ) , ready to take the city on 1 january 1943 . the 78th infantry division was pushed into the line on the relatively quiet right flank of the army , with the british 5th infantry division ( lieutenant @ - @ general gerard bucknall ) under x corps . montgomery ' s plan called for the 5th division to advance across the river into the alpine passes to capture ortona , and then pescara . then , from the low ground near the mouth of the river , the relatively quiet 2nd new zealand division would advance toward orsogna , and behind these , the 8th indian infantry division would form the centre of the army in a largely defensive position . under x corps was the 1st panzer division ( 1 . fallschirmjagerdivision ) under major general ( generalmajor ) richard heidrich on the left , to their right was the 90 panzergrenadier division ( 90 . panzergrenadierdivision ) under major general carl @ - @ von lungershausen commanded by general ( oberst )lieutenant @ - @ gunther baade on 30 november , and immediately south of them was the 26th panzer division ( 26 . panzerdivision ) under major general hans freiherr von luttwitz with their right flank at orsogna . further inland , in ii corps , was the 65 infantry division ( 65 . infantriedivision ) under major general hellmuth pfeifer supported by elements of the 4th and 5th panzer divisions ( 5 . gebirgsdivision ) under major general julius ringel . together , these divisions formed traugott ii ′ s ii army corps , the part of von lemelsen ' s fourth army responsible for the front line to the north of the river . = = = = on the somme = = on 5 december 1943 , allied forces launched a series of small @ - @ night attacks on the crossing points of the po river with the aim of establishing a strong line across the front line . three main points of attack were identified : villa rogatti , on the southern end of the italian front ; san marco , 5 miles ( 3 @ . @ 3 km ) north of ortona ; and san donato , a coastal town on the adriatic sea . four canadian infantry battalions were ordered to attack these points with the aim of crossing the po river . the attacks were scheduled to begin on the morning of 6 december . = = = villa rogatti = = = the task of capturing villa rogatti , the main crossing point , was assigned to princess patricia ' s canadian light infantry ( ppcli ) . after completed reconnaissance of their positions during the night of 5 december 1943 , an operational plan was prepared by the battalion ' s commander — lieutenant @ - @ major cameron ( ##l — detailing the movements of the four infantry battalions . once the objective had been achieved in the early morning of 6 december , anglo @ - @ canadian troops were to be sent into villa rogatti , with the aim of stopping the costly and determined german counterattack . elements of two panzer divisions — the 34th and 361st panzergrenadier , and three other — consolidated their positions around the town . at 00 : 00 on 6 december , two companies of the ppcli crossed the po river , advancing towards villa rogatti . within an hour , heavy fighting had erupted within the town as the two companies of canadian infantry attempted to penetrate the german defence line . while b company broke through the german defences , c company advanced to thethen , reinforcements to the 20th panzergrenadier regiment ( 20 . panzergrenadier _ regiment ) occupied villa rogatti . although two canadian infantry companies had occupied villa rogatti , german panzergrenadier forces still maintained strong positions on the outskirts of the town . meanwhile , d company continued to advance north along the northern bank of the river , facing stiff resistance from the 361st panzergrenadier regiment ( 361 . panzergrenadier @ - @ regiment ) . after about an hour of fighting between c and d companies , villa rogatti had been captured by german forces just before midnight . by the @ - @ night , german attacks against ppcli positions in the area had begun , with tanks from the 2nd battalion of the 26th panzer regiment ( 26 . panzer @ - @ regiment ) , machine guns and heavy german artillery . throughout the night , two companies of the ppcli fought off several attacks by german forces , eventually managing to drive them back to the vineyards on the southern side of the river . although the ppcli had suffered many casualties , german losses were estimated at 500 . meanwhile , very strong german forces surrounded the canadian positions at villa rogatti , making the advance of the canadians impossible . col . wilson was ordered to be prepared to withdraw across the po river , should german reinforcements arrive . in order to give the canadian forces a greater concentration of forces , during the night of 7 / 8 december , the indian 7th infantry brigade from the british 7th infantry division incorporated the remaining elements of the 7th infantry division into their own formation . as a result of the amalgamation , canadian forces would concentrate on establishing a bridge at san leonardo . = = = san leonardo = = = the first attack on san leonardo by the seaforth highlanders of italy began early on 5 december 1943 with d company establishing a bridge across the po , suffering no casualties . by the early morning of 6 december , c company had withdrawn and two other seaforth highlanders joined the attack . while ppcli established and strengthened their bridges across the po river , the seaforth highlanders were ordered to capture san leonardo . by 07 : 00 , a key objective had been achieved , with german forces pinned down by the @ - @ and artillery fire from two companies of the 361st regiment . however , small arms fire prevented c company from moving up the road from the river to san leonardo , while d company remained on the northern bank of the river until the early morning . during the night , thedetermined to capture san leonardo , the hastings and prince edward regiments sent two rifle companies to the aid of the seaforth ##s , while seaforth rifle company landed just south of san leonardo — inflicted 129 casualties on german forces in the area . however , the assault on san leonardo by the seaforth ##s failed , when the 21st infantry brigade ' s two battalions joined the attack . as a result , forin was forced to call for a reinforcement from the san leonardo area . = = = san donato = = = after preparations were made to cross the river between san leonardo and san rogatti , the hastings and prince edward regiment launched an attack on the po river crossing near the small river town of san donato at 13 : 00 on 6 december . however , the first canadian company in the attack made no significant gains and - @ - @ - , — commander of the hastings & prince edward regiment — ordered a withdrawal at 15 : 00 . by 7 december , the german defensive line would resist further attacks , despite the entry of tanks and artillery into the attack . by then , the allied forces were held south of san donato , with the hastings and prince edward regiments withdrawing to the west bank of the po river . = = = crossing the river = = = on 8 december 1943 , brigadier general vokes devised a new plan for crossing the po river . while the 48th highlanders of hastings and princess patricia ' s canadian light infantry continued the attack on san leonardo from the east bank of the river , the royal canadian regiment ( rcr ) would advance out of the position established by the hastings and prince edward regiments , and move north towards san leonardo to link up with the battalion and ppcli . the attack was scheduled to begin in the morning of 8 december . the attack began with a heavy artillery barrage which hit german positions continuously for several hours . at 14 : 00 , the canadian light infantry 2nd battalion moved forward , hitting german positions with bursts of machine gun fire . the moment the artillery bombardment ended , the 48th highlanders and the rcr both resumed their attack . a company of the 48th highlanders was able to successfully cross the river , with no casualties . however , another company was subjected to heavy fire from german tanks and 75 mm ( . @ . @ . @ ) gun turrets . eventually , however , both companies managed to reach their positions on the west side of san leonardo . during the night of 8 / 9 december , members of the royal canadian engineers ( rce ) and the bridge ##head the moro, to provide troops and equipment to move into san leonardo the following day . while the 48th highlanders consolidated their positions north of san leonardo , the 1st canadian regiment was engaged in heavy fighting south of san donato . both companies then fought against strong and heavily defended german positions of the 2nd panzergrenadier division . a company was soon pinned down by german artillery fire , while b company attacked german positions to the south of san donato . by nightfall , all three companies consolidated their positions in the thick of german resistance . during the night of 8 / 9 december , the rcr was subjected to attacks by the 2nd panzergrenadier division which were repulsed with the help of heavy german artillery shelling . by the morning of 9 december , the rce had captured the bridge over the po river , allowing the tanks of the 11th armoured regiment ( the australian ##s ) to transport two companies of seaforth highlanders across the river into san leonardo . by late morning , san leonardo had been cleared of german forces , although some resistance still remained south of the river . within an hour , the canadians ' tanks had broken through german defences at sterlen , and both companies had linked up with the 48th highlanders and princess patricia ' s canadian light infantry at san leonardo , thus establishing firm defensive positions along the po river . by the evening of 9 december , the forces of the 2nd panzergrenadier regiment fell back to their final defensive position : a formidable position known as " the spur " . = = attack on orsogna = = = having crossed the moro river , the new zealand division launched a large brigade attack , operation avalanche , against orsogna at 18 : 00 on 7 december . the canadians had the entire 1st indian infantry division under their command , covering their right flank and being supported by large amounts of artillery and air support . this was achieved as traugott ii , the commander of ii panzer corps , had been informed that the new zealand would not be in a position to launch a major attack until 10 december . initially , the new zealand ##ers progressed slowly , but the german defenders lost their composure and the attack gained momentum against heavily fortified german positions . by 19 : 00 , the nz 2nd infantry brigade had fought its way through heavy house to house fighting to the east of the town , but was pinned down with no chance of further progress without significant artillery support . furthermore , a series of shallow trenches and hastily dug in defensive positions made the progress of the canadian assault difficult . during thewithin hours of 8 december , the new german commander — general freyberg — ordered a withdrawal from the area with a view to continuing the attack with further air attacks from fighters and bombers . = = the attack crossed the river – the " impossible " . = = with both the australian and new zealand divisions making progress again , it was decided to bring the british 2nd armoured division into the area with orders to capture caldari . with no river crossings available , the royal engineers began to build a bridge across the river which was completed on 9 december and allowed infantry and armoured units to cross and establish the bridges on the other side . the bridge was nicknamed the " backwards bridge " because the local topography allowed for it to be built away from the other side of the river . = = the attack = = = = = the attack = = = following the capture of san leonardo and the po valley , the 3rd panzergrenadier division moved to a new defensive line 5 km ( 3 @ . @ . mi ) south of san leonardo . the position was on a deep ravine known as " the ravine " , with an average depth of 200 ft ( 61 m ) . general vokes ' s plan to capture the ridge ( as well as gain a hold on the road toward ortona ) consisted of a frontal assault by the 3rd canadian infantry brigade , which would capture the ridge , capture the town and hold positions along the ortona to orsogna road . however , the defences were well prepared , with three @ - @ points , trenches and bridges . on 10 december , the canadian battalions made their first attempt to capture the ridge . although they succeeded in capturing the ridge , just south of the town , attempts to capture german positions in the ravine were unsuccessful . on 11 december , the canadian battalions made another attempt , with the 2nd battalion ##s suffering heavy casualties in their attempt to capture german positions in the ravine . although a badly damaged canadian company was able to take up position on the reverse slope , newly arrived german reinforcements forced the remaining troops to withdraw . on 12 january 1943 , general vokes ordered the two battalions of the 3rd canadian infantry brigade against german positions in the ravine . the attack went well , when the attack positions were reached by elements of the 3rd panzergrenadier division ' s 1st regiment . when the 1st nova scotia regiment reached the position , they were subjected to bombardment by the 3rd panzergrenadier at around 10 : 00 .by 05 : 00 , the battalion had called off its attack and had taken no casualties . to the south , princess patricia ' s canadian light infantry did no better , with d company taking heavy casualties in their attacks . attacks were again launched on 12 december , by two companies of the 1st canadian parachute battalion , and the canadians were pushed back against stiff german resistance . on the morning of 13 december , the heavily reinforced 2nd panzergrenadier division was driven from their positions in the village by elements of the 1st parachute division . = = = casa berardi = = = by 14 december , vokes had devised a new operational plan for crossing the river . a single company from the royal 22e regiment would advance to casa berardi , a small range of hills south of the village , simultaneously attacking german positions with artillery and tanks , and forcing the 1st parachute battalion to withdraw . the attack was to begin at dawn , with two companies of the royal 22e regiment attacking casa berardi with artillery support . by 07 : 00 , both sides had control of the main road leading to casa berardi . c company — under major jean triquet — pushed north toward casa berardi with support from the parachute battalion , while d company found itself engaged in firefights west of casa berardi . at 08 : 00 , c company began their advance toward the manor house at casa berardi , some 1 @ , @ 000 yd ( 2 @ , @ 800 m ) away . strong german resistance caused heavy losses to the canadians ; only 150 men and two tanks made it to within 200 yd ( 180 m ) of the house . despite the efforts of the panzer ##s , triquet ' s 200 men captured the manor house at 08 : 00 . however , only two men of c company were able to continue fighting . for his efforts to capture casa berardi , triquet was awarded the military cross . = = = = = to support the attack = = with the 5th division advancing , gough decided to raise the siege , by moving the british 5th infantry brigade from the previously isolated ii corps area to the high ground on the right flank of the 5th division and linking them into the new zealand and australian divisions . this would allow the 5th division to concentrate and coordinate their attacks and give them two days to continue the advance towards orsogna and the village . on 14 december , the british 5th infantry brigade — the last of the division ' s assault — , alreadyrobertson and assumed the new zealand division ' s command . once the division hq and the reserve brigades had arrived , these two right flank brigades were to be placed under the command of i corps , commanded by lt @ - @ - miles robertson . to the south of the 5th division , the 16th infantry brigade had by 13 december established a small position at the " impossible bridge " . that evening , the british 8th indian division , — the 17th indian infantry brigade — broke through and advanced towards caldari . the 1st battalion royal scots captured the village after a hard day ' s fighting and the 2nd battalion 10th mounted rifles seized hill 198 ##a , holding it against repeated attacks , including from tanks until the morning of 14 december . that evening , 1st battalion , frontier force brigade moved to the north of the village and established positions on the lateral road between ortona and orsogna , extending to the po river ##r @ , @ 000 yd ( 910 m ) north of the " impossible bridge " . on the morning of 15 december , the 1st / 2nd royal punjab regiment from the 5th division ' s 17th indian infantry brigade , which had been held in reserve , was committed to the left flank of the frontier force brigade to advance in the direction of crecchio and capture a number of german positions . by the end of 15 december , repeated attacks from the 15th punjab regiment infantry brigade had established positions on the lateral road , ensuring that the 8th indian division was firmly established against the main german line . however , at 01 : 00 on 15 december , the new zealand division — decided not to make a major frontal attack on orsogna — launched their 5th brigade in operation tonga , a major frontal attack to the north of the village . by that evening , the division was firmly established on the orsogna to ortona lateral road and had launched a strong counterattack into the german main defensive positions . although they had lost almost all their ammunition , divisional commanders were optimistic for the battle for the next day , considering the heavy casualties they had suffered that night . meanwhile , the germans launched a counterattack at 03 : 00 on 17 december , bringing in reinforcements from the 7th armoured brigade , sent by sea to the 4th panzer division to replace the depleted 6th panzergrenadier division . these reinforcements had arrived late that night after a long delay . supported by artillery , they attacked the lt @ - @ - new zealand position held by the 2nd nz brigade , but were held up and were repulsed by nightfall . however , shortly after the german attack had beenmeanwhile , the 1st brigade had advanced toward orsogna with two companies of tiger tanks . under heavy artillery and 3 @ - @ mortar fire , the tanks and infantry became separated and the tanks became a diversion rather than a threat . the avalanche had come to an end . although the british forces had been pushed back and they had suffered casualties they could not replace , they still successfully captured orsogna . meanwhile , the new zealand division was , for the time being , pulled back and given a period of rest and rest . by 14 december , the australian 7th division had completed its advance into the area with the new zealand and the indian divisions . there followed a period of intense bombardment and fighting on the v corps front . the main role of the attack was now assumed by v corps . the division attacked for ortona with the 7th division on their right flank , toward casa grande and tollo . = = = the ridge = = in preparation for what he believed would be the final assault on the ridge , vokes ordered the 2nd canadian infantry brigade to take positions previously assigned to the 1st brigade . vokes planned for an attack by the carleton and york regiments to be the first of the three attacks against the ridge . should this attack fail , the 2nd battalion ' s seaforth highlanders and the royal canadian dragoons would advance on casa berardi and destroy german forces , forcing a withdrawal from the area . at 07 : 00 on 16 december , two companies of the carleton and york regiment attacked . after little more than an hour of fighting , however , the germans were forced to call the attack off . in the meantime , the two badly wounded companies of the canadian 22e battalion held off a second german attack on casa berardi , with the royal australian field ambulance firing 3 @ , @ 398 rounds in support of the infantry . on 17 december , vokes planned what would be the final assault on the ridge during the night . beginning at 08 : 00 , the artillery would fire a 900 m ( 3 @ , @ 000 yd ) barrage , to a height of 300 m ( 980 ft ) . within 30 minutes , the barrage would move 100 m ( 110 yd ) forward , aiming to destroy german positions in the surrounding area . less than 100 yards from this barrage , the 48th highlanders would advance on the ortona @ - @ orsogna defensive line . at the same time , the 1st canadian division would push back toward crecchio , preventing german reinforcements from reaching the ridge . when the 48th highlandersfrom the new crossroads , the royal canadian regiment would advance eastward , towards rome itself , and advance along the ortona @ - @ orsogna road . the attacks would be supported by tanks of the three rivers regiment . at first , the attack went very slowly . however , when the british lifted their barrage , the german defenders had withdrawn and their machine gun fire engaged the british infantry . in c company of the royal canadian regiment , one company member was killed or wounded . the attack was again repulsed . on 23 december , german infantry attacked , and the royal canadian regiment captured cider itself at dawn . this time , vokes had predicted that the attack would be successful , with armoured cars of the three rivers regiment moving to the front line shortly after 07 : 00 . due to lack of fuel and bad weather , h @ - @ hour was delayed until 08 : 00 . when h @ - @ hour arrived , a german creeping barrage forced two companies of the royal canadian regiment eastward . by nightfall , c company reached the main road , and advanced with no resistance in their advance to the village . however , german troops had already evacuated the village , falling back to prepare for the final defence of ortona , with elements of the british 1st parachute brigade firmly established in the village . = = villa grande = = in order to relieve the pressure on the german front , the 1st parachute battalion was ordered to attack villa grande and extend the gains as far as the arielli road which ran from the village of tollo to the north . the attack went ahead at 05 : 00 on 23 december but ended in heavy fighting . the 2 / 4th battalion , middlesex regiment began their attack the next morning with little success . after a counterattack by german infantry had been repulsed by nightfall , the battalion began to clear up the rest of the village . fierce , large - scale h @ - @ to @ - @ night fighting continued for the rest of 23 december and for the next two days as the remaining german defenders pressed on . to the west of villa grande , the 2 / 4th battalion had captured vezzano by 24 december and a second defensive line had been established . on 25 december , reinforcements in the form of 1st battalion , 8th punjab regiment were sent forward and then a second creeping barrage was launched against the east end of villa grande . with two battalions now available ( the 1st battalion , 1st east surrey had by now been tasked with the south east side of the village ) supported by tanks , villa grande was finally cleared ofthe night of 22 december . the tanks of the 7th armoured division entered the village to find the surrender . one observer described the village " as if a child had stepped on a giant ' s nest of rubble " . = = xiii corps , orsogna = = on 23 december , 3 @ - @ miles dempsey ' s xiii corps launched a major offensive to push back the german forces from orsogna . in the morning , the british 5th infantry division attacked on the right flank of the attack , toward the arielli line . their objective was to break the back of the 2nd new zealand division , which was in position to advance westward and away from the village in order to break up the orsogna line from the rear . after the british 5th infantry division had achieved its objective , the 2nd new zealand infantry division attacked at 04 : 00 on 23 december . despite heavy artillery fire ( 272 shells on a 3 @ , @ 500 yd ( 3 @ , @ 460 m ) front ) , the inexperienced and understrength new zealand ##ers failed to make progress . by the afternoon , it had become clear to the xiii corps commander — von freyberg — that the strong points of the 2nd parachute division would not be held . he is reported to have said , " it is not a question of an advance , it is a question of holding on to what we have gained " . the xiii corps front was now stabilized and settled into a state of continuous progress and success . = = ortona = = on the night of tuesday – 23 december , the 1st parachute brigade from the british 1st parachute division — with other units — , established strategic ##points within the small coastal town of ortona . paratroop units and demolition ##men cleared much of ortona itself , turning the town into a 3 @ - @ size town . the streets were deserted , with demolition ##s in the main square , and bomb traps in the streets . german troops had largely buried themselves in the town , leaving only the church standing . on 19 january 1943 , the 3 @ - @ = royal ulster rifles attacked toward ortona , with the seaforth highlanders on their right flank . throughout the day , they encountered heavy machine gun fire during their attempt to capture ortona . by evening , both battalions established their position on the southern edge of ortona , but they met stiff resistance in their attempts to capture it . the next day , a company of the loyal ulster regiment began attacks north towards the town centre , but heavy german artillery fire was stopped theday . for the rest of the day , the battle of ortona developed into a mouse @ - @ house reminiscent of the battle of rome , with the mouse @ - @ to @ - @ house fighting in the narrow streets and streets of ortona . over the course of the day , canadian forces used the " mouse @ - @ house " tactic , moving between buildings to avoid german artillery fire in the narrow streets . german attacks on 25 and 26 december caused heavy losses to canadian forces in the town . in fear of being overrun by german forces south of ortona , the 1st canadian division evacuated the town the next day , leaving ortona to allied control . canadian losses in the battle for the town were 650 killed and wounded . = = = = = with ortona and val grande secured , it looked as if this would allow eighth army forces to regather itself and launch a more successful attack at orsogna to prevent the collapse of the gustav line ' s remaining german strongpoints . however , on 26 may , as the corps advanced across the coastal plain towards pescara , a storm struck the area . heavy snow , ice and high winds disrupted communications and communications along the coast . cloud cover and visibility fell to zero and scattered the troops . montgomery — that the eighth army no longer had the strength or ability to fight its way to pescara and the via valeria to rome — suggested to general alexander that the eighth army offensive should be halted . alexander agreed and ordered him to suspend offensive operations in order to keep the remnants of the ii panzer corps on the italian front and prevent kesselring using them to reinforce the ii panzer corps , and general eisenhower ' s u . s . fifth army where the allied offensive would continue . in spite of this , all attempts during the winter of 1943 / 44 by eighth army to break out into the liri valley and beyond failed . as winter approached in 1944 , montgomery reorganized his forces in greater detail , closing on the german positions and moving the bulk of fifth army ' s ground forces to the italian front . the combined efforts of his two armies during the third and fourth battle of monte rosa in late may took kesselring by surprise and led to the successful capture of rome in early june .