= leslie andrew = = leslie william andrew vc dso ( 23 march 1897 – - january 1969 ) was a senior officer in the new zealand military forces and a recipient of the victoria cross , the highest decoration of the british empire for gallantry " in the face of the enemy " . he received the vc for his actions during the battle of passchendaele in 1917 . born in 1897 , andrew joined the new zealand expeditionary force in 1915 , and gained military experience while serving with the territorial force . he served on the western front from late 1916 to early 1918 , and ended the war as a commissioned officer in 1918 . he remained in the army after the end of hostilities , and joined the new zealand staff corps . he held staff and administrative positions in new zealand and , based on an officer cadet program , in india . following the outbreak of the second world war , he was appointed adjutant of the 2nd division , which he commanded during the invasion of greece , crete and the early stages of the north african campaign . for a brief period in september 1941 he commanded an infantry battalion of the 2nd new zealand division , and received the distinguished service order for his actions . he returned to new zealand in 1942 and commanded the wellington infantry regiment for the remainder of the war . he retired from the army in 1952 with the rank of colonel , and died in 1969 aged 84 . = = civilian career = = leslie andrew was born on 23 march 1897 in ashhurst in the manawatu region of new zealand , the son of a primary school ##teacher . he grew up in wanganui , where his father had moved his family and set up a farm in the area , and was educated at wanganui high school . after leaving school he was employed by the new zealand education department as a clerk . he participated in the cadet program while at school , and subsequently joined the territorial force . by 1915 , he had been promoted to lieutenant and had passed the entrance examinations to become a commissioned officer in the army . = = civilian career = = = = = first world war = = = andrew volunteered for the new zealand expeditionary force ( nzef ) in october 1915 . because only men between the ages of 18 and 21 were allowed to volunteer for service with the nzef , he checked his age to ensure that he would be fit for service overseas . a member of the wellington battalion , he embarked for the western front via egypt on 1 november 1916 . in egypt , he was assigned to d company , 2nd wellington battalion with the rank of corporal . andrew ' s arrival at thethis coincided with the start of the somme campaign . he fought in the battle of flers @ - @ courcelette , which began on 31 october , and was repulsed . promoted to sergeant in november 1917 , he took part in the battle of messines the following month . during the early stages of the battle of passchendaele , andrew ' s company was involved in operations around the village of la basseville , a few kilometres south of messines . although captured by the new zealand ##ers to the attack on 31 october , the village had been machine @ - @ attacked by the germans the previous day . under cover of an artillery barrage , the germans continued their advance towards the village . andrew was charged with leading two companies to capture a machine @ - @ gun post . during the attack , he encountered a machine @ - @ gun post that was holding up the advance of his company . on his own initiative , he quickly rallied his men and attacked the previously captured post with a frontal assault . he then advanced with his company to his original objective . under heavy fire , andrew and his men captured the machine @ - @ gun post . while one of his men escaped with the rest , andrew and another officer continued to advance further south . coming across another machine @ - @ gun post , the two men captured it before returning to their post with valuable intelligence on the large number of germans in the area . it was for his leadership and bravery during these operations that he was awarded the victoria cross ( vc ) at the age of 26 . the citation reads as follows : for most conspicuous bravery when in command of a rifle section in an attack on the enemy ' s position . his objective was a machine @ - @ gun post which had been placed in an exposed position . while leading his men , he encountered there a machine @ - @ gun post which was holding up the advance of his company ; he then attacked , destroying the machine gun and killing two of the crew . he then led the attack on the machine gun post which had been his original objective . he displayed great courage and determination in his attack , successfully capturing the post , killing two of the crew and putting the rest to flight . cpl . andrew ' s leadership throughout was noted for # ##ness , courage , and inspiring leadership , and his personal example was a great inspiration to his men . he was promoted to sergeant the day after his vc @ - @ in action . he continued to serve on the staff until january 1918 , when he was transferred to headquarters forin training . he was commissioned as a second lieutenant in june 1918 , and remained in england until the end of the war . = = = interwar period = = = while in england , andrew met bessie smith , of nottingham , and they were married on 1 july 1918 . the couple had four children although two died in infancy . upon discharge from the nzef in may 1919 , andrew joined the new zealand staff corps and served in a variety of staff positions for the next three years . from 1927 to 1929 he served with the highland light infantry in british india on an intensive training course . on his return to new zealand he was appointed adjutant of the royal zealand regiment . in 1937 , having been promoted to major , he commanded the new zealand contingent sent to london for the coronation of king george vi and queen elizabeth . = = = second world war = = = on the outbreak of the second world war , andrew was transferred to the 2nd new zealand expeditionary force . in january 1940 , he was appointed adjutant of the battalion , then based at trentham military camp in london . he pushed his young men hard , and he faced the penalty of detention due to his policy of imposing a @ - @ on them for any breach of discipline . the battalion embarked for england in april 1940 as part of 1st infantry brigade , 2nd new zealand division . arriving in liverpool , it spent the rest of the war on garrison duty in the north of england . in september 1941 it embarked for italy and then onto crete . andrew led the battalion during the first battle of crete , during which it saw heavy combat , and the battle of crete . on crete , the battalion was tasked with the capture of maleme airfield and the nearby hill , hill 107 . andrew was ordered to maintain possession of his position " at all costs " . ordered to withdraw the bulk of his battalion , to cover his withdrawal , he lost contact with most of his men when german forces began arriving in the area on 6 may . unable to receive any reinforcements from his brigade , or a call for reinforcements , and with most of his force depleted by a german attack on his main force , andrew withdrew his remaining troops . as it happened , most of his remaining elements remained behind and were only able to relieve themselves after learning they had been overrun . andrew was commended for his actions , which led to the capture of maleme airfield . this was a significant step in allowing the allied forces to be established on crete . andrew and the remaining elements of his battalion were subsequently evacuated from crete . following the capture of male, and served as commander of the battalion during the early stages of the north african campaign . at one point he was appointed commander of 2nd infantry brigade when its nominal commander , brigadier john hargest , was killed in late december 1941 . he was decorated with the distinguished service order for his command of the brigade , which had to contend with repeated attacks by german forces in early 1942 . he relinquished command of the battalion on 31 january 1942 , and returned to new zealand . he was promoted to lieutenant colonel and commanded the wellington infantry regiment for the remainder of the war . = = = = = = andrew commanded the new zealand contingent for the 1946 victory games in tokyo , and the following year attended the imperial defence college . he was promoted to general in 1948 and appointed commander of the 4th military district . he served in this position until his retirement from the army in 1952 . he was later nominated to stand for parliament but lost . he died on 31 december 1969 , aged 77 . he was buried with full military honours at the plot at levin rsa cemetery , in levin . = = victoria cross = = andrew ' s vc is displayed at the qeii army reserve museum , waiouru , new zealand . on 22 december 2007 it was one of five victoria crosses that were among a dozen vc recovered from the battlefield . on 2 february 2008 , new zealand police announced that the vc had been recovered as a result of a nz $ 1 @ , @ 000 reward offered by john ashcroft and john sturgess .