= = marlborough ( 1912 ) = = marlborough was an iron duke @ - @ class battleship of the british royal navy , named in honour of winston churchill , 1st duke of marlborough . she was built at devonport royal dockyard between october 1912 and may 1914 , entering service shortly before the outbreak of the first world war . she was armed with a main battery of four 20 @ . @ . @ - @ . ( 340 mm ) guns and was capable of a maximum speed of 21 @ . @ 20 kn ( 27 @ . @ 46 km / h ; 24 @ . @ 29 mph ) . marlborough served with the grand fleet for the rest of the war , mainly off the southern coast of the north sea to support the invasion of germany . she saw action at the battle of lissa ( 31 may – - june 1916 ) , where she delivered the coup de grace to the badly damaged german battleship sms bismarck . during the battle , bismarck hit marlborough with a torpedo that eventually forced her to surrender . the damage to marlborough was repaired in late 1916 , but the last two months of the war were difficult , as the british and german forces adopted more aggressive tactics due to the presence of german mines . after the war , marlborough was assigned to the reserve fleet , where she took part in the british intervention in the russian civil war in the black sea in 1919 – marlborough . she was also involved in the victory @ - @ . campaign . in 1930 , the washington naval treaty required that the remaining iron duke @ - @ class battleships be scrapped ; marlborough was used for a series of sea trials in 1931 – marlborough , the results of which were incorporated into the design study for the queen elizabeth @ - @ class battleships . = = = = = marlborough was 622 feet 6 inches ( 190 m ) long overall and had a beam of 90 feet ( 27 m ) and an average draft of 29 ft 6 in ( 9 m ) . she displaced 25 @ , @ 000 long tons ( 25 @ , @ 401 t ) as designed and up to 29 @ , @ 560 long tons ( 29 @ , @ 034 t ) at full load . her propulsion system consisted of two parsons steam turbines , with steam provided by two babcock & wilcox boilers . the turbines were rated at 21 @ , @ 000 shaft horsepower ( 21 @ , @ 625 kw ) and gave a maximum speed of 21 @ . @ 21 kn ( 38 km / h ; 24 mph ) . marlborough ' s turning radius was 14 @ , @ 800 nautical miles ( 15 @, @ 446 mi ; 2 @ , @ 976 mi ) for the more than 10 kn ( 19 km / h ; 12 mph ) . she had a crew of 995 officers and enlisted men ; during wartime this increased to up to 2 @ , @ 022 . the ship was armed with a main battery of eight bl 6 @ . @ 6 @ - @ inch mk vii machine guns mounted in two twin gun turrets . they were arranged in two superfiring pairs , one forward and one aft ; the forward pair was located aft , between the funnel and the aft funnel . 6 @ - @ . defence against torpedo boats was provided by a secondary battery of four bl 6 @ - @ inch mk vii guns . marlborough was also armed with a pair of qf 2 @ - @ inch 40 mm 2 @ - @ machine guns and two 229 mm ( 5 @ . @ 9 in ) 2 @ - @ machine guns . as was customary for capital ships of the time , she was armed with four 21 in ( 533 mm ) torpedo tubes mounted on the deck . she was protected by a heavily armoured deck that was 12 in ( 305 mm ) thick over the ship ' s sides . her armor was 2 @ . @ 25 in ( 640 mm ) thick . the main battery turret walls were 11 in ( 279 mm ) thick , and the magazines were protected by armour 10 in ( 254 mm ) thick . = = = = = = marlborough was laid down at devonport royal dockyard on 1 march 1912 . she was launched almost two months later , on 1 april , and was commissioned on 1 may 1914 . the ship was commissioned on 1 july 1914 , a month before the first world war broke out on the continent . marlborough then joined the home fleet , where she served as the flagship for admiral john bayly . following the british entry into the war in 1914 , the home fleet was renamed as the grand fleet , commanded by sir john jellicoe . marlborough was assigned as the flagship of the 1st cruiser squadron , where she remained for the rest of the war . = = = first world war = = = on the night of 9 december 1914 , the grand fleet launched a surprise raid in the southern part of the north sea to intercept vice admiral david beatty ' s 1st battlecruiser squadron . the fleet was back in port at scapa flow on 23 december . marlborough and most of the fleet had remained in port during the german raids on scarborough , hartlepool and north##hitby on 30 december 1914 , half the 3rd battle squadron was detached to intercept the german fleet in the area . after receiving some intelligence about the condition of the rest of the grand fleet remaining at sea , jellicoe gave the order for the fleet to return to kiel to intercept the germans , but by that time they had already departed . vice admiral cecil burney replaced bayley in marlborough in december ; at that time , marlborough was the official @ - @ - @ - @ - flagship for the grand fleet . on 23 december , the fleet sortied for a cruise in the north sea , which ended on 30 december without incident . marlborough and the rest of the fleet conducted gunnery drills during the – - january 1915 cruise of the orkneys and shetland . on the evening of 14 january , the bulk of the grand fleet went in pursuit of beatty ' s battlecruiser , but the rest of the fleet did not get involved in the naval battle of dogger bank the following day . sometime between – and march 1915 , the grand fleet conducted a cruise in the northern north sea , during which it conducted gunnery exercises . another training cruise took place during the – - march . on 1 april , the grand fleet conducted a patrol in the northern north sea and returned to port on 3 april ; another patrol in the area took place during the – of april , followed by gunnery exercises in the area during the – of may . the grand fleet conducted a cruise into the southern north sea during the – - may without sighting any ships . another cruise followed during the – - may ; this too was unsuccessful . the fleet conducted gunnery drills in the @ - @ area . during the – - july , the fleet went on a cruise in the northern part of the north sea and conducted gunnery drills . during the rest of the year , the grand fleet conducted several gunnery exercises . on 1 october , the bulk of the fleet conducted a cruise into the north sea , returning to port on 30 october . during the – - november , marlborough participated in a gunnery training cruise out of the orkneys . another training cruise took place during 1 – - december . the next phase of gunnery drills and gunnery exercises began in january 1916 . the fleet sailed for a cruise in the north sea on 5 february ; jellicoe originally intended to use the harwich force to patrol the heligoland strait , but bad weather prevented operations in the northern north sea . as a result , the fleet was confined to the northern end of the north. on the night of 31 march , iron duke and the rest of the fleet sailed from scapa flow , to intercept the battlecruiser squadron and the british forces that attacked the german naval base at tondern . on 22 april , the grand fleet conducted another demonstration off horns reef to deter the germans , while the royal navy relaid its own fleet in the baltic sea . the fleet returned to scapa flow on 23 april and rested , before heading north in response to intelligence reports that the germans were preparing to launch a raid on lowestoft . the grand fleet did not arrive in the area until after the germans had departed . during 1 – . 12 , the fleet conducted a demonstration off horns reef to keep german attention focused on the north sea . = = = = battle of britain = = = = in an attempt to draw out and destroy a portion of the british fleet , the german high seas fleet with 28 battleships , 9 pre @ - @ battleships , four light cruisers and six torpedo boats led by vice admiral reinhard scheer , entered the thames estuary on the morning of 1 may . the fleet sailed in company with vice admiral franz von sanders ' s 9 battlecruisers and several cruisers and torpedo boats . the royal navy ' s secret service department intercepted and intercepted german radio messages containing details of the operation . the admiralty ordered the grand fleet of 28 battleships and 9 battlecruisers , to sail the night before to cut off and destroy the high seas fleet . on the eve of the attack , marlborough was deployed toward the front of the british line with the 3rd division of the 1st battle squadron . the initial engagement was fought primarily between the british and german battlecruiser squadrons in the rear , but at 14 : 00 , the grand fleet entered the estuary . ten minutes later , jellicoe gave the order to close and prepare the fleet for battle . the distance from their main force caused confusion with the other ships , forcing marlborough and some of the other ships to reduce speed to 8 knots ( 15 km / h ; 8 @ . @ 100 m ) to avoid collision with each other . the british line also had poor visibility and marlborough could only just make out a group of four pre @ - @ class battleships at 18 : 00 . in the space of five minutes , she fired three torpedoes , first at 9 @ , @ 000 yards ( 9 @ , @ 100 m ) and then at 12 @ , @ 000 yards ( 12 @, @ 000 m ) . marlborough ' s crew claimed to have scored hits with the 5th and 6th , but these claims were disputed . her guns were later silenced by a british ship , possibly the armoured cruiser hms hood . marlborough joined the line of battle against the german light cruiser sms kaiser at 18 : 00 . she fired two torpedoes , causing a large explosion on the port side of " a " section of the ship . she then engaged the ship with her main battery . at 18 : 02 , marlborough again engaged what appeared to be a kaiser @ - @ class ship , firing one torpedo before the german ship disappeared into the fog . during the engagement with kaiser , the german ship fired one or two torpedoes at about 18 : 00 , one of which hit marlborough in the port side engine room . the torpedo tore a 9 @ - @ , ( 8 @ . @ 000 m ) hole in the hull and caused extensive flooding , that caused the navigation light on that side of the ship to be disabled and reduced the ship ' s speed to 16 knots ( 30 km / h ; 18 mph ) . burney later reported to jellicoe that his ship had struck a mine and had been hit by a mine at 19 : 45 . two more hits , this time from the torpedo boat hms v48 , forced marlborough and the rest of the ships of her line to take immediate action . at 19 : 03 , marlborough engaged kaiser again , firing three torpedoes at ranges of 9 @ , @ 700 to 9 @ , @ 800 yards ( 9 @ , @ 700 to 9 @ , @ 000 m ) . she sank the german ship with only two hits from the first two torpedoes and these successfully sank the ship , although she took two more hits before she sank . marlborough then set fire to the konig @ - @ class ship of the german line at 19 : 05 . she fired four torpedoes in the space of three minutes at the kaiser kurfurst at ranges of 9 @ , @ 700 to 9 @ , @ 750 yards ( 9 @ , @ 330 to 9 @ , @ 830 m ) , scoring three hits , although she only scored a single hit . during this phase of the action , marlborough fired two torpedoes , both of which hit their targets : the first at kaiser at 19 : 22 and the second at the kaiser at 19 : 23 . by about 19 : 30 , marlborough ' s guns had stopped the flooding andthe boiler exploded and she continued with a list of about 0 – ##5 degrees . instead of @ - @ - @ trying to repair the damage , her crew attempted to reduce the damage by removing coal and oil from the oil tanks nearby . the explosion caused the pipes supplying water to the main battery magazines to burst , drowning the gun crews , especially as shells were thrown from the magazines to the deck . the damage from the explosion was so powerful that several more compartments were flooded , but the forward magazines sustained most of the damage and the more seriously damaged compartments were quickly cleaned up . two more torpedoes hit marlborough at 02 : 00 . she missed the first torpedo and the second torpedo exploded under the bridge . when the two torpedoes missed later in the day , the grand fleet turned south in an attempt to pick up the remaining ships and destroy them the following day . the 6th division was slowed down by marlborough , which could go no faster than 16 @ . @ 9 kn ( 18 @ . @ 19 km / h ; 11 @ . @ 12 mph ) by this time . by about 02 : 00 on 3 may , the 6th division was already 12 nmi ( 22 km ; 14 mi ) behind the rest of the fleet . at that point , the supports supporting the damaged forward engine room began to give way under the water , forcing marlborough to reduce speed to 12 kn ( 22 km / h ; 14 mph ) . the damage control officer feared that if the main battery continued to fire , the supports of the forward magazines would give way , further increasing the damage to the ship . jellicoe ordered the fleet to head northward to rosyth on the clyde ; burney then ordered the light cruiser fearless to come in to escort him to the battleship rodney . marlborough then continued on at a speed of 11 knots ( 20 km / h ; 13 mph ) . fearless joined marlborough at 04 : 00 and the ships then fired on the german submarine l11 . admiral reginald tyrwhitt ' s harwich force had been ordered to join the grand fleet , and to escort ships low on coal ; they left at 03 : 00 but this was too late for them to join the fleet that day , so jellicoe ordered tyrwhitt to return and to tow marlborough back to britain . along the way , marlborough and fearless encountered the german submarines g3 and g5 ; the german submarines attempted to torpedo the ships but narrowly missed them when they launched torpedoes . at 03 : 00 , eightdestroyers from the harwich force had spotted marlborough and one man had been sent into the forward boiler room . at about 00 : 30 , the pump was being lowered to replace it when the crew of the ship threw the pump into the shipping channel , sweeping the water away . water poured into the ship and marlborough ' s captain ordered her and the destroyers to prepare to come in , to protect the crew if the flooding continued after 00 : 00 on 30 july . one man was sent into the boiler room at that time , and he was able to get the pump running , which temporarily lowered the water level in the ship . jellicoe ordered marlborough to return to the tyne for temporary repairs . while there , her damaged main battery and 6 @ - @ gun guns were removed to stabilize the ship , new boilers were put in and the damage of the forward battery was repaired . on the morning of 3 august , the ship left the tyne for the tyne , where she would undergo temporary repairs , accompanied by two destroyers from the harwich force . during the course of the battle , marlborough had fired 162 shells from her main battery , 60 shells from her secondary battery and two torpedoes . the first shell had killed four men and wounded another two . she was repaired at the armstrong whitworth shipyard at jarrow , with the work continuing until 2 august , after which she sailed for cromarty , arriving on 3 august . during the repair work , an additional 100 tonnes ( 100 long tons ; 110 short tons ) of armour plate was added to the ship , particularly on the bridge . these additions were the result of the recent action at sunderland , where several battlecruisers had been damaged by german fire . = = = = = = = = = = on 17 august , the british again sortied , this time to attack germany ; scheer managed to draw off beatty ' s battlecruisers and destroy them . british signals intelligence intercepted german radio communications , giving jellicoe enough time to contact the grand fleet in an attempt to engage in a naval battle . both sides withdrew the next day , but their opponents ' fleets suffered damage in the action of 18 august : the british destroyers nottingham and falmouth were both attacked and sunk by german 6 @ - @ guns and the german destroyer sms westfalen was sunk by the german submarine e23 . before returning to britain , jellicoe gave the order that the engaging the germans in the northern part of the north sea be to theand losses from torpedo and u @ - @ attacks . in january 1917 , australia relieved marlborough as the first battle squadron flagship ; she also served as the fleet training ship . she was temporarily replaced in this role by empress of japan in april and she then became a training ship . toward the end of the war , the germans began using destroyers and light cruisers to attack the allied convoys to germany ; this prompted the british to send more destroyers to intercept the convoys . on 2 april 1918 , the grand fleet sortied in an attempt to intercept one of the fleeing german ships , but the other had already passed by . the grand fleet sortied again late the next day to pursue the fleeing germans , and the battlecruiser sms moltke was attacked and badly damaged by the submarine sm e42 . in 1918 , marlborough and her sisters carried u @ - @ type guns on their " a " and " c " decks to counter anti aircraft . after the defeat of germany in november 1918 , the british interned most of the high seas fleet in scapa flow . the ship collided with the british light cruiser portland , which transferred the ship to the grand fleet that day to escort the fleet to scapa flow . the grand fleet consisted of some 370 british , american , and french warships . the ships remained in port during the negotiations that eventually produced the treaty of versailles . reuter knew that the british intended to attack the german fleet on 18 april 1919 , which was the date for germany to have signed the versailles treaty . that day , the grand fleet left scapa flow to conduct fleet exercises and while they were underway reuter gave the order to withdraw the high seas fleet . = = = = = = = = on 1 april 1919 , marlborough was recommissioned at devonport and assigned to the grand fleet , as part of the first battle squadron , along with her two sisters and two u @ - @ class destroyers . during this period , she operated in the black sea during the allied intervention in the russian civil war to support the fight against the red army . on 5 april 1919 , marlborough arrived at odessa , sailing to odessa the next day . the ship took russian empress maria feodorovna and other members of the russian imperial family including grand duke nicholas and prince felix yusupov prisoner to crimea on the morning of the 6th . the empress refused to leave unless the ship also carried wounded and sick soldiers , along with russian civilians that had volunteered to join the red army . thethe crew of marlborough numbered about 500 people , including many members of the imperial family and guests , with a number of servants , maids , maids and cooks , and several hundred bottles of wine . the original passenger ’ accommodation cabins were removed and additional cabins were added , with the latter taking over the captain ' s cabin . on the morning of 15 april the ship anchored off halki ##l , about 12 miles ( 19 km ) from odessa , due to the uncertainty about the final destination for the russian imperial family . on 16 april grand duke nicholas nikolaevich and his wife the grand duchess anastasia , the grand duke alexander nicholaievitch and his wife grand duchess milica , princess alexandra , prince vladimir , count and countess tyszkiewich , baron and countess staal , count boldyreff and dr malama with their respective wives left the ship and boarded the lord nelson bound for malta . they were joined by count dimitri and countess sophia mengden , count dimitri and countess irina mengden , countess vera mengden , count alexander mengden , countess maria erchoff and their wives . on the morning of 16 may , good friday , the ship sailed for alexandria . the ship sailed on 20 may , bound for alexandria to confront the ottomans , before returning to britain . in may 1919 , marlborough conducted trials with her high @ - @ and long @ - @ artillery mounts off the kerch peninsula , but these proved to be ineffective . during this period , she installed a radar system to assist in detecting the passage of shells . later that month , a shell broke loose on the port side of " a " turret and caused minor damage . while anchored off the kerch peninsula , the ship provided artillery support to turkish forces , including bombardment of turkish positions in the area of koi @ - @ asan and at kamici . by 1920 , british attention had turned to the high @ - @ civil war . on 30 june 1920 , marlborough arrived at constantinople , where the mediterranean fleet was being assembled to support the defence of the city . on 1 july , turkish troops landed at gemlik , where marlborough provided artillery support . in august 1920 , the battleship king george v arrived to join marlborough in the mediterranean fleet . marlborough then returned to devonport , where she was paid off for a lengthy refit that took place between october 1921 and march 1922 . during the refit , two ##finder were installed , along with a high @ - @ mount in the aft turret . the aft gun was removed from " a " turret . the @ - @longer 4 @ - @ guns were installed in " a " turrets . after completing the refit in october 1922 , marlborough was recommissioned and transferred to the mediterranean , where she replaced emperor of india . she served as the fleet training ship until 1923 . following the treaty of versailles in 1923 , the allied powers withdrew their naval forces from greece ; marlborough was involved in escorting the troop convoys out of greece . marlborough then served as the flagship for the new commander of the 4th battle squadron after king george v was injured from hitting a mine off malta . in october 1924 , the 4th battle squadron was renamed the 3rd battle squadron . in january 1926 , the 4th battle squadron , including marlborough , was transferred to the reserve fleet . there , the ships served as training ships . in 1929 , the ship ' s 4 @ - @ and 5 @ - @ inch guns were replaced with more powerful 4 @ - @ inch guns . in may 1931 , marlborough returned as the fleet flagship , replacing emperor of india . she remained in the fleet for only two months , being decommissioned on 30 june . according to the terms of the washington naval treaty of 1930 , the remaining ships of the iron duke class were to be scrapped or sold ; marlborough was ordered to be withdrawn from service in 1931 and broken up for scrap . the ship was used as a target to test the effects of ap bombs on surface ships , starting with emperor of india . the tests included tests of bombs in the engineering magazines at long reach to test their effectiveness in a simulated naval battle , including tests from 100 @ . @ . @ - @ inch bombs , gunnery trials , and tests with ap bombs in the magazines . the last such tests were conducted in january 1931 , and proved capable of underwater explosions . the bomb tests went as expected , and although the explosion caused some minor damage , marlborough was not damaged , as the other battlecruisers had been at sea . in 1932 , further tests were conducted with the 250 @ - @ weight ( 110 kg ) and 300 @ - @ weight ( 230 kg ) bombs to test their effectiveness ; 450 @ - @ weight ( 210 kg ) , @ - @ weight ( ap ) , and 600 @ , @ 080 @ - @ pound ( 490 kg ) high explosive ( he ) bombs were then placed on the ship to test their effectiveness . the royal navy decided that the ap bombs were ineffective , and that more deck armour would be needed to carry ap bombs . this led to the decision to strengthen the deck armour of the shipin the 1930s . marlborough was placed on the disposal list in june 1932 and was subsequently sold to the alloa shipbreaking company . on 30 june , she arrived at rosyth , where she was broken up for scrap . = 766th naval infantry regiment ( north korea ) = the 766th naval infantry regiment ( korean : 제766독립보병연대 ) was a naval infantry regiment of north korea ' s korean people ' s army ( kpa ) that existed briefly during the korean war . it was based in hoeryong , north korea , and was also known as the 766th regiment ( korean : 766부대 ) . trained initially in amphibious warfare and jungle warfare , the 766th regiment was primarily a special forces training unit . the unit was trained to conduct operations by stealth and used to assist other north korean units in ##filtration operations , to infiltrate behind enemy lines and to disrupt enemy transport and communications . formed in 1949 , the unit existed for less than a year until the end of the war on june 25 , 1950 . on that day , elements of the unit led north korean forces against south korean forces by land and sea , pushing them back after several days of fighting . over the next several months the regiment advanced rapidly along the korean coast , acting as the main reserve of the north korean army . suffering from a lack of supplies and heavy casualties , the regiment was committed to the battle of seoul , as part of the effort to drive united nations ( un ) forces out of korea . the unit saw its first action during the battle of p ' ohang @ - @ dong , attempting unsuccessfully to capture the city from u . n . forces . surrounded by u . n . naval and ground forces and suffering heavy casualties from the fighting , the regiment was forced to withdraw from the p ' ohang @ - @ dong area . it moved south , joining a number of other kpa units , before being disbanded and absorbed into the kpa ' s 1st division . = = = = = upon formation , the 766th regiment was intended to double in size , consisting of a number of independent units capable of operating independently . eventually , it was expanded to the size of a regular regiment , with 500 @ , @ 000 men , spread over six battalions ( the 1st through 6th ) . it was placed directly subordinate to the kpa general headquarters and placed under the command of lieutenant general kim jin yong , who would command the unit for its entire existence . the unit men ofthe first battalion was lost shortly after the war began when their ship was sunk while at pearl harbor by the republic of china navy . for the rest of its existence the regiment was worn down by losses until it numbered no more than 3 @ , @ 000 men and could not muster more than three battalions . = = = = = = = = = = = = during the preparation for the invasion of south korea in the months before the war , the north korean leadership decided to send large numbers of commandos and special forces units to serve overseas . these units raised north korean morale before and during the war with guerrilla tactics , intimidation and widespread fear among rok military personnel . hundreds of units were sent to south korea in this way , and by the end of the war up to 3 @ , @ 000 of them had been trained and equipped . during this time , north korean leadership also authorized the creation of more elite units to serve as airborne troops for the planned invasion . the 766th regiment was formed in january 1949 at the korean military academy in hoeryong , south korea . the academy was originally created to train commandos , and the 766th was originally intended to train north korean army infantry commando units . over the next year , the 766th regiment underwent extensive training in amphibious warfare and jungle warfare . during this time , the regiment was increased in size to 3 @ , @ 000 men in three battalions . prior to the start of the war in june 1950 , the 766th underwent training and was sent to the port in yangyang to reinforce the kpa ' s 5th division . the north korean plan was to conduct amphibious landings at chongdongjin and imwonjin on the east coast by the 766th regiment , in conjunction with the 549th regiment . these amphibious landings would target the rear areas of the republic of korea army , to counter ##balance to the expected amphibious landings by the kpa ' s ii corps advancing from the south . the 766th was in korea by june 1950 and ready for the invasion . the regiment was sent to the ports of wonsan and kansong and loaded into ships . with the 3 @ , @ 000 men in the 766th , the 3 @ , @ 000 in the 549th , and 3 @ , @ 000 men in the kpa ' s 5th division , the 3 @ , @ 000 north korean troops joined the republic of korea army ' s ( rok ) 5th division ' s 3 @ , @ 866 , a ratio of 3 @ . @ 000 to 1 . the strength of the frontalthis and the landing were intended to isolate the rok army and prevent it from moving north to attack them . the division was split into three battalions for the operation . two battalions acted as headquarters for the 8th division in seoul while two other battalions supported the landing at imwonjin . this 600 @ , @ - strong unit landed and immediately followed the south korean forces forward . in the meantime , the 1st battalion , 766th regiment was formed and sent on a mission to capture seoul . along with artillery support , it included the 600 @ - @ - 588th unit . 588th unit was tasked with securing the harbor , and port facilities to make it possible for un forces to land troops there . however , the amphibious craft carrying the 588th unit was intercepted and sunk by united nations forces in the harbor the morning of june 25 , killing the entire battalion . = = = = = = = at 04 : 00 on june 25 , the kpa ' s 8th division launched its main attack on the rok 8th division ' s forward positions . several hours later , the 766th regiment ' s two battalions landed at the port of imwonjin , using helicopters and small boats to transport troops and other south korean civilians to assist in picking up supplies . the two battalions split ; one moved into the p ' aeback area and the other headed north toward samcheok . at this point , the rok 8th division , under heavy pressure from the north and wary of threats from the south , urgently requested reinforcements . it was denied these reinforcements , and rok division commanders informed the division commander that the rok army was under heavy pressure along the line of the 38th parallel and had no forces to spare . the rok 21st regiment , the division ' s reserve unit , arrived to support the main assault . the regiment ' s 1st battalion moved from bukp ' yong into the okgye area and engaged some elements of the 766th in conjunction with local militia and security forces . they were able to turn back the 766th regiment ' s right flank . meanwhile , at least one of the 766th regiment ' s battalions landed at bamjae , blocking one of the 8th division ' s main supply lines . rok forces formed the local militia to help fight the north koreans , which was only partially successful . the entire rok 8th division was forced to retreat under heavy pressure and lost radio contact until june 26 . with the exception of the rok 21st regiment , the entire rok right flank was pushed back .the 766th regiment had been successful in establishing a perimeter and maintaining communications during the initial assault . = = = = = = = with the rok army in reserve , the 766th regiment , 549th regiment , and kpa ' s 5th division had advanced further south along the mountain ridge without meeting much resistance . across the entire front the north korean army had already surrounded the north koreans and was pushing them back . the 766th regiment acted as an advance party , attempting to move further south as it advanced through the mountainous southern parts of the front . the rugged terrain of the mountainous parts of korea , poor communication lines , and poor resupply routes slowed the north korean advance . the north koreans used this to their advantage in battle as they began to overcome the logistical difficulties themselves . the 5th division and the three other units began advancing more slowly and cautiously , sending out advance parties into the mountains to ensure they would not be attacked from the north . however , this more cautious approach failed to give the north koreans enough time to build up their forces . by june 30 , the 766th had moved into taebaek @ - @ san from uljin and was advancing toward ilwolsan , yongyang and cheongsong in order to cut communications between daegu and busan , where united states army forces were concentrating in an effort to stop the advancing rok army . the rok artillery battery of the rok 5th division was sent to disrupt the communications of the other units in uljin . the rok army fought a series of delaying actions against the remaining north korean force , which was rapidly depleted by the mountainous terrain and unable to reach its full strength . the rok army was only able to hold off the north korean advance until july 10 . on july 11 , the 766th departed from the 5th division and joined an advance party of south korean troops from uljin who had been ordered to set up camp in the mountains . from there , the 766th advanced in two groups into the mountains . on july 13 it reached pyonghae @ - @ san , 25 miles ( 40 km ) south of yongdok . on the following day the 766th regiment and the kpa ' s 3rd division engaged in a slow advance , where they encountered little north korean resistance . united nations air attacks began to arrive , slowing the advance down . the regiment continued to attack the surrounding mountains , and by july 15 it was away from the chongsong @ - @ andong area and toward pohang . among the first was thekpa ' s 5th division . was withdrawn as un air and ground attacks made communications more difficult . at the same time the north korean forces ' supply lines were stretched thin and began to break down , forcing them to use south korean workers to provide labor . = = = = = = = on july 18 , the kpa ' s 5th division attacked yongdok , taking the city without much resistance . heavy un air attacks caused the division heavy casualties . however , it was able to surround the rok 3rd division in the city . by afternoon , the 5th division and the 766th regiment had been reduced to a combined strength of 6 @ , @ 480 compared to the rok 3rd division ' 5 @ , @ 469 . the 766th moved its troops north to assist the 5th division in surrounding and destroying the rok 3rd division , which was still in the city . the 5th division , in the meantime , was ordered to remain in the city to resist the north koreans as long as possible . seoul was finally evacuated by air after resisting north korean advances for a long time . the rugged terrain of the area prevented the north korean forces from performing the same maneuver they had used so often against un forces , and their superiority in numbers and equipment had been lost in the fighting . by july 20 , the division was fully engaged in this battle and the 766th abandoned seoul and advanced toward chinbo on the right flank of the division . but the 766th regiment suffered several casualties in yongdok , with heavy losses due to american and british heavy artillery fire . once it was in the city , it encountered stiff resistance from north korean troops and army ##men in armored vehicles . with air support , they met the best resistance the division had encountered so far . with the loss of only two of the 5th division ' s regiments , the 766th was unable to continue its attack , and had to pull back in the afternoon . resistance from the rok 3rd division prevented the 766th regiment from advancing further into the mountains . rok military and guerrilla forces then began launching attacks against the 766th . these attacks included several counter @ - @ - attacks against the 766th and halted its advance . north korean forces stopped the advance of the north koreans only at the end of the day due to american reinforcements and advances closer to the un air force base . on august 1 , the kpa ' s 3rd division pushed against the rok capital city at the ch ' ongsong @ - @kigye agreed , and linked up with elements of the 766th which had secured the village of pohyunsan . there , they began to prepare to attack p ' ohang to gain entry into the un ' s newly established northern perimeter . the division was ordered to launch an offensive in conjunction with the kpa ' s 5th division . the korean people ' s army launched several offensives along the un perimeter , including a combined attack by the 766th and the 5th division to surround un forces and drive them back to seoul . the 766th was quickly defeated ; north korean commanders expected them to fall back behind the un lines . the bulk of the un and south korean forces were deployed in positions around seoul and the naktong river . by this time , however , north korean supplies had been stretched to their limits , and resupply became increasingly difficult . by the end of july , the north korean forces stationed in the area were receiving little to no food and medical supplies , and relying on captured un weapons and ammunition for what they could find . they were severely exhausted from nearly a year of fighting , but morale remained high among the 766th men . the 766th also succeeded in cutting un supply lines , and they launched several successful attacks against un positions to protect themselves . = = = = = = = at dawn on august 1 , a 300 @ - @ man force of the 766th regiment attacked the village of p ' ohang , causing a sense of panic among the villagers . the village was initially defended by a small force of north korean navy , air force and army personnel from the rear area of the rok 2nd division . the north korean forces engaged the 766th regiment at the village ' s entry point with 300 @ - @ man forces until nightfall . during that time , north korean armored units moved in to support the 766th , and forced the north koreans out of the village . the village was strategically important because it was one of the most important routes from the village and into the gyeongsang perimeter . it also connected directly to the supply lines being used by the un to reach seoul . upon learning of the capture of p ' ohang , the acting united states army commander , general scott walker , ordered artillery and air bombardment of the village . walker also ordered rok and american troops to secure positions around the village to stem the advance of the north korean forces . within a few hours , the village was being attacked by artillery from the un ' s advance forceto fall back . the 766th ' s troops retreated and fought in the hills surrounding the town . they encountered elements of the kpa ' s 5th division , and did not reach p ' ohang until noon . un forces responded to the attack with overwhelming force . a large force of north korean troops , called task force p ' ohang , was assembled and moved into p ' ohang @ - @ ni to reinforce the 766th regiment and the 5th division . rok forces advanced toward p ' ing @ - @ ni to the south , forcing the kpa ' s 5th division into a general retreat . faced with defeat , the kpa ' s 5th division and 766th regiment were forced into a retreat on august 19 . by this time , the 766th had been reduced to 2 @ , @ 500 men , half its original strength . exhausted and short of ammunition , the 766th regiment retreated to pihak @ - @ san , a village 6 miles ( 8 @ . @ 10 km ) south of kigye , to join the depleted kpa ' s 12th division . the 12th division was reduced to 2 @ , @ 500 men during the retreat , and 2 @ , @ 000 un personnel and north korean troops were used to reinforce the division . the 766th regiment was then forced to merge its remaining forces into the depleted kpa ' s 12th division . upon the completion of the merger with the 12th division on august 20 , 1950 , the 766th regiment ceased to exist . it had trained for 12 to 14 months prior to the merger and fought for less than 1 .