= u2 concert in sarajevo = on 29 may 1997 , the irish rock band u2 performed a concert at kosevo stadium in sarajevo , bosnia and herzegovina , as part of the band ' s popmart tour . they were the first major act to perform a concert in the city since the end of the bosnian war . over 100 @ , @ 000 people attended the concert . the band first became associated with sarajevo in 1993 during their zoo tv tour ; encouraged by aid worker chris martin about drawing attention to the city of sarajevo , the band conducted live video interviews with bosnians during their concerts . these two @ - @ concerts were the subject of criticism from critics for mixing music with personal attacks . although the war made it impossible for u2 to visit sarajevo at the time , they vowed to never perform another concert in the city . after the war ended in may 1995 , they made plans to visit sarajevo , and with support from united nations troops and nato forces , they planned and performed the concert in 1997 . the band wanted to perform the concert along with a concert in sarajevo , but it was decided that they wanted a separate popmart concert . the concert venue lacked the concert ' s main stage , and the band performed a show more representative of the band . the concert brought together people of different backgrounds who had previously suffered during the war , and train service was temporarily suspended to allow concertgoers to attend . among the songs performed was " viva sarajevo " , written by u2 and brian eno for a beauty pageant contestant during the concert . although the crowd was dissatisfied with their performance and lead singer bono had vocal problems , the concert was well received and was credited with raising awareness among bosnians . the members of u2 considered the concert to be among their finest moments . the concert was attended by bosnians . = = = = = = = = concert in sarajevo = = = = the breakup of yugoslavia was composed of six independent states : bosnia @ - @ herzegovina , croatia , macedonia , montenegro , serbia , and slovenia . in 1991 , montenegro , and macedonia split from yugoslavia . bosnia @ - @ herzegovina — a country with a mixed population consisting of bosniaks , serbs , and croats — voted croatia in may 1992 in a highly controversial referendum , creating tensions between the two countries . bosnian serb forces , whose stated aim was to withdraw from bosnia and herzegovina and unite with croatia , surrounded sarajevo with a combined force of 45 @ , @ 000 men from the surrounding hills , from which they attacked the city with weapons that included artillery , tanks ,rockets , machine @ - @ machine guns , and machine @ - @ mortar , grenade launcher , and car bombs . from 4 july 1992 until the end of the war in 1996 , the city was besieged . the army of the republic of bosnia and herzegovina , with about 100 @ , @ 000 in the besieged city , was poorly equipped and unable to withstand the siege . meanwhile , across the country , thousands of displaced bosniak people were driven from their homes in the face of ethnic cleansing . in addition , women and children begging to buy food were being killed by bosnian serb sniper ##s . = = = u2 ' s tour = = = in 1993 , u2 were in italy for the " zooropa " leg of their zoo tv tour . during their 4 july concert in milan , italy , the band received a call from radio televizija bosne i hercegovina asking for an update on the situation in sarajevo . the band went and met with an american aid worker , mike carter , who acted as the band ' s media representative , due to the media coverage . carter shared his experience of dealing with bosnians and observing the poor living conditions . lead singer bono was shocked to learn that those living in the bomb shelters in the city played music , including u2 ' s , at high volume to drown out the sounds of war . while in italy , he had seen a live broadcast on mtv in which bono stated the goal of the zooropa tour was : a free world . realizing that such an effort was impossible if considering the bosnians ' plight , he sought bono ' s help . he requested that u2 go to sarajevo to draw attention to the situation and break the " emotional silence " that had resulted from witnessing the war . bono agreed to bono ' s request without consulting the rest of the band , and when told of the request , the band immediately gave him their approval . they also considered performing an outdoor concert in the city , with bono suggesting that they perform in the house where he and his family lived during the tour . bono said , " even if all we get is the media coverage for playing on mtv , that ' s something " . the idea fell through when it was pointed out that the logistics of getting their equipment into the city was impossible , and the only way into sarajevo was via a united airlines plane . drummer paul mcguinness said that even if the band managed to play a concert , it would cost their lives and those of the band and the zoo tv crew . as bono explained, " u2 ' s attempts to address the humanitarian issue have always been accompanied by the mistaken assumption that u2 are actually trying to address that issue . going to sarajevo seems to me to fall into that category . i think it would harm the people we work with , harm the environment , and doom the economy . " producer larry mullen , jr . feared that the broadcasts would look like a publicity stunt . instead , the band decided to use the zoo ' s satellite dish to send live video broadcasts from their studio to people in sarajevo . they flew to the city and purchased the satellite dish . the band ordered the satellite dish to be sent to sarajevo and paid a £ ##4 @ , @ 000 fee to join the european broadcasting union ( ebu ) . once signed up , the band sent their link @ - @ ups to sarajevo on almost a daily basis , the first of which was on 22 june 1993 from rome , italy . to communicate with the ebu network , bono and his link @ - @ ups were required to leave the zoo tv studio at night and to travel with as little equipment as possible to avoid the sight of security and police . to reach the satellite , they had to cross an area known as " sarajevo bridge " . this was done a total of six times over the course of a week . during the broadcasts , u2 discussed the humanitarian situation in the country , and bosnians who spoke to u2 and their fans . these live broadcasts often contrasted with the nature of the situation ; broadcasts on the zoo tv channel were often presented as events that involved u2 and the bbc ' s link @ - @ ups . most of the broadcasts were live , but the link @ - @ ups to sarajevo was taped , leaving the audience uncertain who would listen and what they would say . u2 began the broadcasts in july 1993 after learning that the siege of sarajevo was being reported in the pages of major british newspapers . although this crisis had begun with the band ' s first live broadcasts , nathan carter felt that u2 ' s broadcasts had brought awareness of the siege to their fans and to the british press alike . reactions to the broadcasts were mixed . some critics felt the broadcasts broke the spirit of the band . much of the british press was highly critical . a writer for nme wrote , " the satellite broadcast was not good news . it was bad . " bono felt that they were drawing the world ' s attention to an important issue , although he felt that the link @ - @ ups was the most important thing the band had done in their career. . the edge said , " we don ' t really do that kind of really hard stuff . we have a very blunt , blunt take on everything . . . when you watch the good news , you are seeing something good , whereas this is something very unpleasant most of the time . and for that reason i think it affected everyone very deeply , including me . " mullen felt that the band was using the bosnians ' suffering for profit . during a broadcast from the band ' s concert at wembley stadium , bosnian women in london asked what the band intended to do to them , telling bono , " we know you ' re not going to do anything for us . you ' re going to go back to being a band . you ' re going to forget that we even exist . and we ' re all going to die . " during a visit to the london arena , a bosnian woman told the concert promoter , " we would like to watch the news , too , but we hear only the voices of wounded and sick , and old women . " many people were affected by the siege of sarajevo and were eager to support the humanitarian - aid effort , including u2 and brian eno . despite u2 ' s sympathy to the victims and their reluctance to play in concert during the war , they decided to visit the city again . the band contributed to the international efforts to raise social and political awareness of the war , and bono and u2 later collaborated on the film miss sarajevo , which showcased the 17 @ - @ humanitarian aid during bono ' s six months working there . in 1995 , u2 and eno wrote the song " miss sarajevo " as a response to " the numerous acts of violence that had taken place during the siege of sarajevo " . one such event was a beauty pageant held for bosnian women who wanted to end the war with their " fists and guns " . during the pageant , one of the women walked onto the stage holding a banner that read , " don ' t let them kill us " . the winner of the pageant , # @ - @ - @ - @ - inela nogic , later said the pageant " was a terrible thing to do during the war . but we wanted to live a normal life . it was the beginning of a survival that we never had . " years later , bono said , " it was sheer courage and it deserved to be sung in public . " of the song ' s lyrics , bono said , " ... i had heard their cries for help — but they never came . that was the. . i always wanted to make music for this coca @ - @ album , but i ' ve changed a lot . you have to try and make the same music , in a different , more serious , more personal way . " " radio sarajevo " was recorded with luciano rossi and released as the first single from u2 ' s coca @ - @ project with eno for movie soundtrack 2 ; the song was released under the title " sarajevo " . = = tour and funding = = after the bosnian war ended in 1995 and the bombing of yugoslavia in 1996 , the economy of the city began to decline . following this , u2 began to plan a concert for sarajevo that would take place on their 1997 popmart tour . although they were the first major rock act to perform in the city since the war , china drum had scheduled a concert for june 1996 . music journalist peter mueller described china drum ' s arrival in a major city as a " logistical and logistical nightmare " . muhamed sacirbey , the bosnian ambassador to the united states , helped u2 organise it , in an important role as promoter and manager . mcguinness said , " we knew it was going to be very difficult . but it ' s not so easy . we have always wanted to help . we ' ve blagged a lot of trucks , planes and so on , from the start , and the film crew has been very helpful . " . the concert caused a net loss of £ ##4 @ , @ 000 for the band , despite support from coca @ - @ , and gsm . ticket prices were set at us $ 8 ( £ ##8 , us $ 8 ) , because of the 10 % unemployment rate in the country . bono arranged for the band to give a small concert a small concert in sarajevo , but the police insisted they cancel the 1997 popmart tour . bono said , " we wanted to do a small concert there , to show up and do a small concert , but they wanted the whole fucking thing . they wanted the money ! " mcguinness said , " we felt it was rude that we did this like a band on the road , to give them that much . to come here and just do the whole thing would have been rude . " according to press reports of the concert , the total gross revenue for the tour was us $ 1 @ , @ 000 ; however , tour manager john giddings said that this did not include the cost of the tickets and equipment . as late as june 1997 , u2 had recording to acceptan offer of us $ 1 million to perform in geneva , switzerland was the stage set for the sarajevo concert . at the time , rumors of the country ' s collapse circulated . to ensure the sarajevo concert was not disrupted , sacirbey appeared at one of the band ' s first concerts to perform on behalf of the government . for the trucks to reach sarajevo , the road crew had to drive the truck and drive through the @ - @ - ##a . although the journey was without incident , they had to drive through cities such as mostar , which had been " devastated " during the war . director and production designer willie smith commented that " when the truck drivers arrived you could see that they had enough money " . the only difficulty in reaching the city was when a swiss police officer prevented them from crossing the border for safety . the trucks reached sarajevo two days prior to the concert , much to the cheers and applause of the city ' s inhabitants ; their arrival was the first real sign that the band was breaking their promise to perform there . mcguinness commented , " this is a city that ' s been devastated . many times there were a lot of people who weren ' t going to believe the concert was going to take place until they saw the trucks set up . " until then , tickets were sold out quickly , and within 24 hours of the trucks ' arrival , only 8 @ , @ 000 tickets were sold . despite this , the day of the concert , 8 @ , @ 000 tickets were sold . 8 @ - @ 000 sarajevo citizens were recruited to help drive the trucks and stage the concert . several hundred soldiers of the sarajevo " peace corps " ( sfor ) were tasked with enforcing the peace agreement for the city . the soldiers were shocked by the devastation they saw when travelling . during the concert , kosevo stadium was used as a hospital , and hospitals were opened to all wounded . although the venue had seen the worst of the fighting , the nearby football stadium zetra had been heavily damaged during the war . despite the damage , u2 used the building for their dressing rooms and offices . during the concert , it was used to provide accommodation for 8 @ , @ 000 people . the venue ' s hotel , the royal holiday inn , had been damaged during the war , and parts of the building had been destroyed as a result . the walls of mullen ' s room were covered with bomb craters , and parts of the building were left standing . prior to the concert , the##irbey took mullen on a tour of the city , showing him the bosnian flag planted in the ground . on the day of the concert , people ran into sarajevo for the first time since the end of the war . two lines were opened , one from mostar to sarajevo and the other from maglaj to sarajevo . although the lines had been open for the duration of the concert , serb and foreign fans could not decide who would use them . as a result , the lines were only opened on the day of the concert to take people to the stadium , and the day after to take them back home . travel restrictions were also lifted . an effort was made to include members of the country ' s ethnic minorities at the concert . approximately 500 people crossed the state boundary line between people ' s socialist republic and the + @ - @ 000 states . people from all of the former yugoslav republics traveled to sarajevo for the concert , with buses carrying people from zagreb , croatia and ljubljana , slovenia . security at the stadium was tight . sfor soldiers searched for weapons with their rifles , and the lines around the stadium were staffed with both soldiers and police in case conflicts broke out . = = = = = = the concert was held on 18 june 1997 , and approximately 10 @ , @ 000 people attended . it was covered in sarajevo by several television channels , as well as internationally by bbc . during the concert , 10 @ , @ 000 people gathered on the west side of the stadium to ensure no violence broke out . after that , the decision was made to open the stadium up to everyone , except for 10 @ , @ 000 people , who could not attend the concert and who had not purchased tickets in order to attend . in addition to the serbs and foreign fans , 10 @ , @ 000 + @ - @ 000 sfor soldiers attended the concert in sarajevo . inela nogic attended the concert and traveled in a bus with the band . the concert was broadcast live live on television , and all proceeds from the ticket sales were donated to the earthquake victims fund . the opening acts performed alongside u2 , along with the gazi huzrev @ - @ # ##um , an auditioned choir from a sarajevo high school . their performance was followed by two other acts , boris and sikter , one of which was selected personally by sacirbey , and the other which was selected through a talent search . following the opening act , dj howie b performed a dj set before u2 took the stage . the band ' s performance list was thento that of the shows on the popmart tour , beginning with " sunday bloody sunday " in place of the singer ' s solo , and the performance of " fuck america " as the second song . the concert was a celebration of the end of the world , with bono breaking the mood by shouting , " fuck america ! fuck the past , fuck the future ! " at the end of " even better than the real thing " . bono had struggled with his voice throughout the night , and the rest of the show he ended up " without a voice " . there was no time to fight , and the concert went on as planned . although bono had vocal problems during the opening songs of " mofo " , " i will survive " , " imagine " , and " even better than the real thing " , his voice gave way during " last man on earth " . in 2006 , the band claimed that bono ' s vocal problems had been caused by exhaustion caused by the stress of the last few months of touring , but bono later said that " it didn ' t really matter that our lead singer was under the influence because every member of the band wanted to join in on the song . it was a great feeling for the whole thing . " at various points during " until the end of the world " and " new year ' s day " , bono called for the audience to help him with the lyrics , and during the last song of the set , " desire ( in the name of love ) " , he was reduced to chanting the lyrics instead of singing them . the band continued with their live set thereafter , playing " i still haven ' t found what i ' m looking for " , " stand by me " , " all i want is you " , and " look to the sun " . u2 considered playing " desire " and " all i want is you " , but they decided not to play the song . the band then performed a new rendition of " sunday bloody sunday " . the performance was slower and shorter than the original version . during the performance , bono came in for several shots , which seemed to restore his voice for a short time . brian eno was asked to come on stage to help bono if he could not sing , and to sing with him . bono then returned to the stage again for the ninth song , " into the wild ##bird " , and the band continued with performances of " imagine " and " where the streets have no name " , which concluded the live set . during the break beforethe following night , u2 had a heated argument over the lyrics to " miss sarajevo " . the song had only been performed once , — to a benefit concert in 1995 with bono , the beatles , eno , and u2 . they took to the stage and performed " sarajevo " , " if you wear that red dress " , " with or without you " , and a new version of " miss sarajevo " . bono was unable during the concert to sing his part and so an electric piano was brought onto the stage in his place . eno came on stage to sing backing vocals , and bono joined nogic on stage during the encore . during the encore , the video screens showed footage from sarajevo ' s miss sarajevo pageant , including one of the women taking part in the beauty pageant and the headline of " please don ' t let them kill me " . bono apologized for the poor performance at the end of the concert , saying " listen , this song was written for you . i hope you like it , because we didn ' t even play it . " the concert ended with a full set of " thrill me , thrill me , touch me , kiss me " , " separate ways " , " sarajevo " , and an acoustic version of " broken melody " . as the band members walked out , in a performance described by nme as the most emotional of the night , the crowd saw the band outside the stage and burst into a loud round of applause , which was turned into an encore — song arrangement which the band played in concert . = = = = = the day after the concert in sarajevo , a local newspaper published an article which was titled , " that was the day the siege of sarajevo began " . in response to the article , a university student told reporters of the associated press , " we were isolated from the world for so long . it ' s not just for u2 . it ' s the feeling of being part of the world . " a bbc journalist said that the event was " proof that we have been right , that everything is right " . observers from across the former yugoslavia described sarajevo as " an oasis of peace " in the midst of destruction and destruction @ - @ destroyed cities , and destroyed towns . despite the subpar performance , the associated press said , " for three consecutive days , the rock band u2 did what journalists , politicians and politicians could not : they helped us . " mark mueller of the guardian said , " for the first time since the beginning of the siege in 1992 , u2people used to seeing each other through the barrel of a gun , gathered in the streets to listen to it play . it was a celebration of old sarajevo , home to some of former yugoslavia ' s best rock bands . " sacirbey said that he was happy that the concert " was designed to create a sense of unity , peace and brotherhood in bosnia and not to raise taxes . " he also expressed support on behalf of president alija izetbegovic , who described the concert as a " historic moment " . mullen and the edge both stated that attending the sarajevo concert had been the highlight of their lives ; mullen said , " [ t ] here ' s no doubt that that was an experience i will never forget for the rest of my life . and if i had to spend 20 years in the desert just to see that concert , [ . . . ] i think things would have been different . " bono described it as " one of the biggest and some of the best moments of my life " , saying of the concert , " i think they want , more than anything , a return to bosnia . that ' s what these people want , that ' s what they need . " he also said that the strength of his audience had " pushed us for years to take the spotlight away from them . they could see that something could go very wrong , they ' d go to a lot of trouble to get here , and they were just trying to make it happen . and they succeeded . " following the conclusion of the popmart tour , bono said , " it was surprising and sad to see that on our most ' successful ' of tours some of the biggest shows were in big capitals like belgrade , sarajevo , tel aviv [ . . . ] the gesture helped more than anything " . after the concert , president izetbegovic presented bono with the official bosnian flag , in recognition of his humanitarian efforts during the tour . = = = = = the peaceful conclusion of the u2 tour was disrupted , and tensions flared again in the region the following year with the kosovo war . nato troops remained in kosovo until 2004 , while european union and @ - @ had troops stationed in the area . after the sarajevo concert , the band ' s live version of " sunday bloody sunday " was performed at the majority of concerts for the remainder of the tour , and a version of the song from the sarajevo concert was released as the lead single for " if god would send his hand " in novemberin 1997 ; the singer later said the band had " played " the song in 1999 during his sarajevo concert . a live recording of the performance , miss sarajevo , was included on the dvd release of u2 ' s 2002 video album , the best of 1990 @ - @ 2000 . although u2 also performed " miss sarajevo " at the sarajevo concert , it was not performed again until the european leg of the world tour in 2005 . u2 did not return to perform in any cities in the former yugoslavia until october 2009 , when they performed two shows in zagreb during the u2 360 ° tour . during the zagreb concert , bono stated that his honorary croatian citizenship was one of his " most prized possessions " , which prompted the country ' s council of state to declare that his citizenship was to be revoked , noting how croatia ' s law did not allow honorary citizenship to be revoked .