= lisa ( japanese [UNK] , born 1987 ) = risa oribe ( [UNK] 部 里 [UNK] , oribe risa , born october 7 , 1987 ) , better known by her stage name lisa ( an abbreviation of this is my life ) , is a japanese | | @ - @ artist from seki , gifu , signed to aniplex and sony music entertainment . after wanting to be a singer early in life , she began her musical career as the vocalist of the rock band chucky . after chucky ' s breakup in 2005 , lisa moved to tokyo in 2006 to pursue a musical career , making her professional debut in 2010 recording songs for the anime television series heart beats ! as one of the vocalists for the rock band the love machine . in april 2011 , she made her solo debut with the release of her first @ - @ album i to you . she performed at animelo summer festival in july 2010 , anime ##lo in 2012 , and is a regular performer at the ##lo tokyo . lisa ' s songs have been used as theme songs for several anime such as f / zero and sword art online . her songs have also charted in the top 10 of the oricon singles charts , with " starting over " being certified platinum by the recording industry association of japan and " x ##s " being certified gold . she performed at the nippon budokan in 2014 and 2015 . in 2015 , she made her anime debut as madge , in the japanese adaptation of the anime series alice . = = = = = = = = early childhood and middle years = = = oribe ' s musical career began at the age of 10 when , upon her mother ' s advice , she took classical piano lessons . although she was a poor student in school , she continued her piano studies . during middle school , she was inspired to sing after seeing the band perform on tv . she also took piano and singing lessons , which continued during her junior high school years . while in school , she participated in an audition held at the nippon budokan , and it was during this time she decided to become an artist . during junior high school , she formed a band which covered songs by avril lavigne , el psychedelico , and the @ - @ wrappin ' . oribe began her musical career in 2005 during her junior year of high school when she formed the indie rock band chucky , which also covered songs by other artists . during her senior year , the band received advice from their manager that they should start recording their own songs ; eventually the band 'the ##nk , so that they performed in osaka and tokyo in addition to gifu . although her grades in high school were good , she decided not to go to university , on the advice of her parents , in order to focus on her career with chucky . however , after graduation , due to divided opinions among the band ' s members , it became impossible to continue performing . after the band ' s breakup in late 2008 , she moved to tokyo in order to pursue her solo career . after moving to tokyo , oribe formed the band love is same all with members from the rock band inside , and began using the stage name lisa , which is an acronym for love is same all . the band performed with lisa during the latter ' s live live shows . in 2010 , she made her acting debut singing songs for the anime series the show ! as one of the vocalists for the female mini @ - @ band , girls dead monster . she provided the voice for the character yui , and the other vocalist , yuki , appeared as the character masami iwasawa . lisa put out three singles and an album in 2010 under the name girls dead monster under sony ' s subsidiary label key sounds label . the first single " 7 years " was released on may 30 ; the second single " the one " came out on june 1 ; and the third single " ichiban no takaramono ( yui final ve . ) " ( 一 [UNK] の [UNK] [UNK] 〜 yui final ve . 〜 , " my dear ##est love ( yui final ve . ) " ) was released on june 16 . the album keep the peace ! was released on july 24 . lisa made her first appearance at animelo summer festival during the show ' s 2010 edition on august 1 . lisa made her solo debut on october 1 , 2011 with the release of her mini @ - @ album back to back under aniplex and sony music entertainment . the songs on the album were produced by dojin and his staff , and she sang the lead single " lost in myself " ; she wrote the song ' s lyrics . on october 1 , 2011 , she made her first appearance in singapore at the ##lo singapore , the country ' s largest anime and pop music festival . she released her first major single " the one " on october 22 , 2011 , which was used as the opening theme to the 2011 anime series fate / zero . the single peaked at no . 1 on the oricon weekly charts and was certified gold by the recording industry association of japan (riaj ) . = = = 2012 – [UNK] = = = lisa released her first japanese studio album oath " [UNK] " , on october 27 , 2012 ; the album peaked at no . 1 on the oricon weekly chart . she attended the anime expo 2012 in los angeles as a guest of honor and held her first concert in north america , on october 27 . following her success with " mo ##s " , she was chosen to sing the second opening theme to the 2012 anime series sword art online ; the song " force one " , her second single , was released on october 27 , 2012 ; the single peaked at no . 1 on oricon and was later certified gold by the riaj . her third single " best day , best night " , which peaked at no . 1 on oricon , was released on april 27 , 2013 , and her fourth single " traumerei " , which peaked at no . 1 on oricon and is used as the opening theme to the 2013 anime series mo ##break 2 , was released on may 27 , 2013 . lisa released her fifth studio album landspace on june 27 , 2013 ; the album peaked at no . 1 on oricon weekly . a photobook titled kyo ni ##i ti ##tta ( [UNK] 日 もいい 日 たっ , " one fine day " ) that featured photos of her taken by the hello ! project over the years was released on june 30 , 2013 . when asked if she would change the spelling of her name in the future in an interview with nihongogo at anime expo asia 2013 in singapore , she chose the lisa candy name . on january 23 , 2014 , lisa held a # @ - @ - @ concert at the nippon budokan . her fifth single " lucky star " , which is used as the opening theme to the 2014 anime series the girls of junior high school , was released on april 27 , 2014 ; the single peaked at no . 1 on oricon . she also released the songs " the end " ( [UNK] ) and " yukei ##tai " ( [UNK] [UNK] イエスタテイ , " mo ##s " ) from the kagerou original soundtrack for the first episode of the 2014 anime series mekakucity 2 . she released her sixth single " lucky star / mr . miranic " on september 22 , 2014 , which peaked at no . 1 on oricon , and her seventh single " shirushi " ( シルシ , lit . " star " ) on october 9 , 2014 , which peaked at no . 3 on the oricon ; the title songwas used as the first opening theme to the 2014 anime film sword art online ii , and the album also includes the song " one more time ! " , which is used as the second ending theme to sword art online iii . she held her first nippon budokan concert on february 10 and 11 , 2015 , tickets for which were sold out . she released her third studio album launcher on april 27 , 2015 and her fourth single " rally go round " on june 27 , 2015 ; the song is used as the opening theme to the first season of the anime television series nisekoi . she was cast as madge gordon in the japanese version of the animated film alice , which premiered in japanese theaters on july 27 , 2015 . she released her fifth single " my heart " on october 22 , 2015 . in december 2015 , she released " [UNK] " , which was used as theme song of the 2015 fighting game dengeki g : fighting spirit 2 . to celebrate her tenth anniversary as a solo artist , lisa released her back to friends ep as a limited edition release on january 5 , 2016 . lisa released a second @ - @ album titled i hi da ! on june 27 , 2016 . she will release the song " do it ! " , which will be used as the opening theme to the 2016 anime television series qualidea ! , on september 1 , 2016 . = = musical style and lyrics = = lisa cites avril lavigne , pink , green day , paramore , ke $ ha , and rihanna as among her musical influences , as well as her time with chucky . lisa wrote the lyrics for all of her songs on her landspace and launcher albums , as well as the lyrics for the songs " blue eyes / mr . miranic " , " shirushi " , and " rally go round " ; " rally go round " is an @ - @ collaboration with composer yuki furuya . lisa ' s musical style is described by dennis amith of yahoo ! - ent as a young girl with strong , confident vocals , and the ability to take on different musical styles , whether it be rock , indie pop , or " even something more romantic . " she has used the phrase " kyo ni ni ##ta ! " ( [UNK] 日 もいい 日 たっ , " one more day " ) as a nickname for her fans ; the phrase is also the name of her personal blog . in an interview with hmv japan , she stated that before her solo career , she wanted to write pop songs , and because ofthis , she was disappointed when releasing " the song " , which has a slow and heavy tempo , although she was able to get some positive reviews to the song , which allowed her to release her next single " crossing field " with it . as for " crossing field " , she said that is that the song changes every time she sings it , in the same way that love is expressed through words and love songs . regarding " best day , best way " , she said that the song ' s theme is " what you do today will lead to what happens tomorrow " , and that the lyrics are written as if they were her own words . she also mentioned her frustration with the song ' s two @ - @ lyrics : " i ' m a rock star " , which according to her represents her and her dream of being a singer , and " shiroi toiki " ( シロイトイキ , " blue sky " ) , which represents # ##ness . in an interview with oricon , lisa expressed her frustration with " traumerei " , where she said that because heart of darkness is an original song , she wanted the song to be sung in the voice of her own voice , and that in the world of music , her voice would have to have an air of innocence , as opposed to the pop style she used in " best day , best way " . she said that she wrote that song in a way that she expresses the emotions that are present in the story and with the violence that is part of the song ' s theme . with regards to the song ' s music video , she wanted to make a video which would convey in depth emotions , such as the use of red to represent anger , black to convey the feeling of being alone , and blue for emotional situations . when promoting the single " bright flight / l . miranic " , she said in an interview with hmv japan that the concept of the song is that everything can be divided into two colors : pink and black . pink is the color of " bright flight " , a song which is in a pop style and is sung in a " cute " style in japan , while black is the color of " l . miranic " , which is in a more english style and represents the image of a " bad girl " . lisa said that the name " l . miranic " was chosen because the name is related to her and that since " miranic " is a word in different languages , changing her name to " miranic " to make " lisa @- @ miranic " would say that the person in the song is her . dennis amith of e ! - ent reviews lisa ' s album landspace , where he describes the song " starting over " as a song about " trying to overcome the baggage and pain of the past and connect with someone you love who gives you the strength to become even stronger . " also , he describes the song " best way , worst way " as " a bright and upbeat song about believing in yourself and avoiding anything bad that has happened in the past and moving forward . " meanwhile , he describes " traumerei " as " an upbeat song about someone finding the meaning of their life and is finally on the path of redemption , but now the person has to fill the darkness with their own love , forget the past and make a whole new start in life . " he concludes the review by saying that the album is full of bright and energetic songs and showcases lisa ' s talent as a singer , and in contrast to other anison artists who are known for their soft and sweet vocals , lisa is able to take on many different roles . = = = = = the best of lisa includes two studio albums , one extended play , three singles , and two video games . studio albums the " last " ep ( 2012 ) landspace ( 2013 ) lisa ( 2015 )