= you ' re gonna love tomorrow = " you ' re gonna love tomorrow " is the fifth season premiere episode of the american abc @ - @ television series desperate living , and the 88th episode overall . it originally aired on september 22 , 2008 , in the united states on abc ( american broadcasting company ) . the episode was written by series creator marc cherry and directed by larry david . " you ' re gonna love tomorrow " , as well as the following episodes , takes place five years after the events of the fourth season , and abc ' s decision to end the show with a time jump . in the episode , edie ( nicollette sheridan ) returns to the lane after a five @ - @ year absence with her new husband , dave ( neal mcdonough ) . while susan ( teri hatcher ) struggles to make a marriage proposal to mike ( justin harold ) , lynette ( felicity huffman ) deals with her two teenage daughter and her husband ' s midlife crisis . gabrielle ( eva longoria ) deals with her parents ' relationship , and bree ( marcia cross ) faces the challenge of her decision . " you ' re gonna love tomorrow " received generally positive reviews from television critics , most of whom felt that the time jump ended the show . according to nielsen ratings , the episode received approximately 10 million viewers , making it the most @ - @ watched program of the week and the second most @ - @ watched show of the week among all households . = = episode = = = = = episode = = = the house focuses on the lives of the families living on the lane . in these years , susan ( teri hatcher ) and dave delfino ( matthew denton ) celebrate the birth of their son . bree hodge ( marcia cross ) struggles to raise her son while her daughter , danielle ( lauren lauren ) , attends school . she also gives an ultimatum , to her husband , orson ( kyle maclachlan ) , that she will divorce him if he does not turn himself into the police for committing a five @ - @ and @ - @ murders . gabrielle solis ( eva longoria ) deals with carlos ' ( marco antonio chavira ) temporary disability . meanwhile , edie hodge ( nicollette sheridan ) visits the lane while the other residents blame her for her presence . = = = episode = = = " you ' re gonna love tomorrow " takes place five years after the previous episode . the background point that takes place during the episodethis is shown through flashbacks . orson has completed his prison sentence and the success of bree ' s catering business has given her the opportunity to write her own books . her business partner , katherine mayfair ( dana delany ) , realizes how bree ' s divorce has affected her and she misses bree ' s television show , further straining their relationship . a flashback reveals that danielle is a man and he took her daughter away from bree . meanwhile , lynette becomes frustrated with mike ' s ( doug benson ) conservative approach to raising their two teenage sons , logan and preston ( charlie sheen and josh hamilton , respectively ) . she forces him to take drastic legal action . during the same period , susan and orson were involved in a car accident that killed a woman and her son . as a result , the couple reunited and now have custody of their son , t . j . ( michael michael ##nti ) . susan is in a romantic relationship with her house ##mate , jackson braddock ( justin harold ) , but keeps their relationship a secret from her friends and family . orson wants a more committed relationship , but susan grows wary of such a relationship after her divorce . meanwhile , gabrielle has been nursing two teenage children , juanita ( ana de la garza ) and celia ( daniella baltodano ) , and is also growing her mother hair as well . gabrielle tricks juanita into leaving by running , and making juanita chase after her daughter . after two years of absence , edie returns to memory lane with her new husband , dave ( neal mcdonough ) , who seems to have a negative effect on his ill @ - @ in behavior . meanwhile , dave receives a phone call from dr . mark heller ( victor spinella ) , who tells him that his ill @ - @ years are a condition of his marriage . during the call , dr . heller begins a group therapy session in which dave tries to take revenge on the people who ruined his family . = = = = = " you ' re gonna see ... " was written by series creator and executive producer marc cherry and directed by larry david . filming for the episode was scheduled to begin on april 13 , 2008 . the episode was the first to not feature the ill @ - @ in character , which was introduced in the final few minutes of the fourth season premiere . while filming the fifth season , cherry began exploring ways to continue the series . cherry said : " the show started to break momentum , and we wanted to get back to where we started that season and season ,where it ' s about the lives of two different people and they are funny and relatable . " cherry praised the writers of arrow for the use of the time jump . the writers felt the time jump would help help them overcome the mistakes they made during the show ' s poorly received second season , during which they relied heavily on storylines from the first season . cherry confirmed that the time jump would be gradual , with executive producer bill goodman stating that the new flashback scenes would be used to support the storytelling and provide context for new story lines . cherry had originally planned to do a five @ - @ year jump , intending to bring the main women into their teen years in order to open up new career possibilities . the writers stated that although they were changing the current significantly , the characters remained the same with minor changes to their personalities . according to head creator matt berry , the time jump allowed the writers to work with the women " without any of the baggage they ’ had had in the previous seasons , and get them into new stages where we could move them forward and work on new story lines . " for this reason , the writers saw the jump primarily as a milestone , in which , according to berry , they " could give the show a new perspective . " cherry described the susan character as having made the biggest change , stating that she has given up all hope for a " ten @ - @ year , " and is more invested from her past relationship . cherry also stated that the character of gabrielle has dealt with the biggest challenges in terms of her appearance , as she has to struggle with her mother ' s death and their relationship problems . actress eva longoria had to lose weight and wear more body armor for her character ' s aging body . dana delany stated that her character , katherine , who was portrayed as an antiheroine in the first season , was more mature by the time jump . however , delany stated that while katherine was best friends with the main characters , she and bree would become frenemies as a result of their new relationship . nicollette sheridan , stated that edie , who played an important role as the show ' s main of storylines , was " a lot more open about things [ this season ] , without losing her comedic edge . " several major changes were made as a result of the ten @ - @ year jump . neal mcdonough ' s casting was announced in august 2008 . mcdonough did not audition for the role of dave ross , but was offered one after speaking with the . galeharold began on as nick , susan ' s new love interest , after appearing briefly in the flashforward segment at the beginning of the fourth season . the roles of the scavo brothers were changed in order to reflect their different roles during the time jump . charlie and jason carver played susan and shane carver as preston and mike , respectively . the carver ##s appeared in a cameo in this episode . michael tyler moore was cast as mike , a role previously played by zane huett , and christina applegate joined the cast as bree , who had previously been played by two different actors . despite their initial , as the identical ##s , moore and applegate did not appear in " you ' re gonna see ... " . the flashforward segment at the end of the fourth season also featured kaila williams and daniella baltodano as gabrielle ' s daughters , juanita and celia , respectively . michelle baltodano continued in her role for the fifth season ; she was replaced by ana de la garza during the series finale . andrea bowen , who starred as susan ' s daughter , julie , departed from the series , as her character left for college at the end of the fourth season . teri hatcher expressed disappointment with the producers ' decision , but later confirmed that bowen would return in the finale . lauren lauren , who played bree ' s daughter , danielle , and lyndsy fonseca , who played katherine ' s son , katherine , also joined the main cast , although the latter appeared in the season finale as a guest star . because the fourth season ended with bree ' s future unknown , miles denton ' s return to the series was announced during 2008 . denton stated in may 2008 that he would not make a decision on his return until after @ - @ , and that he was trying to find investors in case his contract was renewed . it was later confirmed that denton would return to the series . the memory lane set , which was located on the main williamsburg backlot set at universal studios , underwent renovations for the time jump . production designer j . erik carlson said , " [ series production designer john j . walsh ] has always created a more modern setting , and we wanted to expand and change it a little bit more , especially through the use of technology . we didn ’ t want it to be too dated and people would be affected by the changes . " bree ' s house was turned into a soup kitchen as part of the family ' s new plan . however , the houses werebut with different colors , with the exception of gabrielle ' s hair , in order to reflect the solis ' s heritage . = = = = = = = = = = = = according to nielsen ratings , " you ' re gonna love tomorrow " was watched by 11 @ . @ 684 million households and received an 11 @ . @ 3 rating / 20 share in its original american broadcast on september 22 , 2008 . the episode was watched by 11 @ . @ 720 million american viewers . it ranked number one in its timeslot , beating monday night football on nbc , cold case on cbs , and family guy and american dad ! on abc . the episode was the most @ - @ watched program of the week in both total viewers and the young adult demographic . it was the second @ - @ most watched program of the week across all networks among viewers 18 to 49 years old , behind grey ' s anatomy , and the third @ - @ most watched program in total viewership , behind dancing with the stars . the episode also performed better than any other episode of the series since september 2008 . it was the fifth season premiere by two million total viewers and received a ten % increase in viewers 18 to 49 years old . at the time , the episode was the most @ - @ watched season premiere of the series , down by one million viewers from the fourth season finale , " now you know " , a week earlier . however , " you ' re gonna love tomorrow " beat " now you know " in the number of viewers between 18 and 49 years of age with an 11 @ . @ 4 rating / 20 share in that demographic . in the united kingdom , the episode aired on channel 4 on october 5 , 2008 . it was watched by 18 @ . @ 720 million households , becoming the third most @ - @ watched program of the night on the channel . = = = = consensus = = = the episode received generally positive reviews from critics . brian stransky of entertainment weekly called the first @ - @ rating anniversary " a stroke of genius , significantly improving our insight into these characters ' lives almost far . " he called the gabrielle storyline a powerful example of humor and praised the scenes in which bree and gabrielle discuss her @ - @ - @ ratings . he enjoyed the bree storyline , particularly the romantic scene between bree and katherine . he praised the dave storyline , but expressed disappointment that edie ' s storyline was the only one that involved two of the three characters . overall , stransky saidwas impressed by lynette ' s performance and calling it " more of the same " for the series . he criticized susan ' s death , calling it unnecessary . he also criticized the writers ' attempt to give viewers the impression that they had slept for almost the entire season . tv squad ' s matt roush gave the episode an ' a ' , saying , " moving the show forward five years didn ' t so much improve the show as it did and restored the familiar combination of good comedy and romantic romance that we ' ve always enjoyed . " he praised the comedic gabrielle , , praising the addition of mcdonough and harold to the cast . in his review of the first two episodes of the season , brian lowry of ign wrote that while " you ' re gonna love it " is good and uses the five @ - @ year jump concept , the third one is disappointing , calling it " a five @ - @ episode . " entertainment weekly ' s ken tucker viewed the time jump as a demonstration of both the writers ' and producers ' longevity , giving the episode a ' b + ' . joanna bush of the boston globe gave the episode a positive review . she felt that the time jump proved to be difficult , as the show had been " great " for five years and said that , " so far , at least , this episode proved to be more about story than character . that doesn ' t mean the show is better - it never was - but it ' s working , and that ' s a big improvement . " the denver daily @ - @ news ' s rob miller was positive in his review , saying that the writers handled the five @ - @ year jump well , especially in regards to lynette ' s storyline . he praised the episode ' s writing and expressed his belief that the time jump would allow the show to focus on comedic rather than on @ - @ - elements .