= fear of flying ( the pilot ) = " fear of flying " is the first episode of the simpsons ' second season . it was originally broadcast on the fox network in the united states on october 9 , 1994 . in the episode , homer is fired from moe ' s tavern and has to find a decent job . when he boards his bottle after being mistaken for a pilot at the life @ - @ cocktail party , the bartender rewards the pilots ' plane with free tickets . the crew realizes that homer is afraid of flying . the episode was directed by mark kirkland , and written by jonathan simon . it features several guest stars , including anne bancroft and dr . who . additionally , ted danson , woody harrelson , rhea perlman , john ratzenberger , and george wendt return as their friends from college . it received positive reviews from television critics , and received a nielsen rating of . @ . @ + . the authors of i can ' t believe it ' s a bigger and better updated unofficial simpsons guide commented positively on the episode , as did critics from dvd talk and dvd movie guide . = = = = = after pulling a bad prank on moe , homer is banned from his bar , especially after moe tells at life @ - @ the joke that lenny , carl and barney played on him . looking for a place to stay ( besides the local bar ) , homer eventually heads for an airport pilots ' club , but is mistaken for a pilot ( despite knowing that he ' s not really a pilot ) and is trapped in the cockpit of an airplane , which he eventually crashes , breaking the other plane ' s landing gear . in return for his forgiveness of the mistake they ' ve made , the airline offers the simpson family free tickets to anywhere they want in the continental united states . however , the thought of air flying fills marge with dread . she has a fear of flying , and after several failed attempts to get out of the plane , she eventually has a panic attack on the plane , after which the trip is cancelled . marge does not want to talk to anybody about her fears , and lisa fears that marge ' s inability to keep her fears bottled up will cause them to " come out in other ways " . when marge begins to show signs of her " life @ - @ only fears , claiming the cat and the dog are living in cages , eating evil food , and climbing the cat in the middle of the night , lisa convinces her to seek help with a dr . who . homer , meanwhile , becomes increasingly concerned and marge' s father , fears that she will blame marge ' s fear on him , and forces her to marry him . homer discovers the source of marge ' s fear : the day she realized her father was not a pilot , but an - @ - @ - flight attendant , a profession that was usually reserved for women at the time . her fear is relieved when marge tells her that female flight attendants are not very common and that her father could be considered a man . she also brings back memories of her father looking her in the eye as a child while on vacation , a paper plane on wheels , and having a doctor shoot down her and her father , thinking he has saved them . when the doctor begins to destroy marge ' s sanity , he forcibly pushes her away and she refuses to forgive him for saving her . marge is eventually cured of her fear , but when she and homer try to get on a plane together , the plane crashes into a mountain . = = = = = " fear of flying " was directed by mark kirkland , and written by oliver sacks . the story of the episode came about when sacks came into the writers ' room with an idea for an episode where homer went to the hospital " for one reason or another " . he and the other writers then built the rest of the episode around that idea . anne bancroft was brought in to voice marge . after bancroft recorded her part , the writers recorded bancroft ' s voice on a voice track from cast member shirley macneille , the cat . after bancroft had recorded her part , marge was redesigned to fit with bancroft ' s character . they added dark lips and a hint of gray in her hair to give her a more serious look . when homer gets thrown out of moe ' s bar , it was originally planned for the cats to come to visit , and then have him leave the bar . the result was the barflies chasing the cat , and liking him even more . according to sarah silverman , the fact that it was funny was the reason why it was changed , and replaced with a more serious scene with him as a cat . the writers were trying to get the entire cast of the nbc sitcom friends , with the exception of kelsey grammer , to appear and guest star in the episode . the writers could not change the time to allow time in the studio for grammer , who also had a recurring role on the show as mad ##ge , to play frasier crane . ted danson guest starred as homer , andharrelson as bart , rhea perlman as carla , john ratzenberger as bart , and george wendt as bart . = = = references = = homer visits the gay office in a scene which is a parody of a 1967 episode of the television series cheers . all of the main characters are voiced by the actors who played them on cheers . however , frasier crane remains unnamed , being voiced by voice actor kelsey grammer , the voice of silent bob . marge ' s audition has her playing the role of dr . smith from lost in space , while homer plays dr . watson . the scene where homer and jacqueline bouvier fall asleep when a sniper flies at them from a distance is a parody of alfred hitchcock ' s film north by northwest . homer ' s red lushmore hat references eustace tilley , the cartoonist of the new yorker . homer ' s dream about getting out of jail is taken from it ' s a wonderful life , and marge ' s " @ - @ - out song is revealed to be " it ' s raining outside " by the # ##men . when abe ##d is left alone on the porch , his putting his hands over his head and arms is a reference to home alone . this is the second time home alone has been referenced by the simpsons . the first is " home alone " , a reference to the simpsons . when homer is looking for a drink to stay , he enters a lesbian bar , the she she is . however , he soon realizes that " this gay bar doesn ' t have a rear entrance " . he then leaves , saying " shut your night , marge ! " . this is a reference to the famous greenwich village gay bar , the jamaica bar . this " @ - @ - and - operated bar " has a fire entrance , and if there had been a fire on a saturday night , hundreds of people would have had to go through a very steep staircase leading to the front door . " the movies it references include flying , flying , and crash , the latter of which homer watches . all of them the plane crashes . when marge leaves dr . smith ' s office , she says , " whenever the wind blows through the trees , i ' ll go , lowenstein , lowenstein … " . this is a reference to the prince of denmark ; the second is dr . lowenstein . = = = = = in its original american broadcast , " fear of flying " placed second ( tied with rival nbc ) in the ratings for the week ofdecember 10 to december 14 , 1994 , with a nielsen rating of 9 @ . @ 3 . the episode was the third highest rated show on the fox network that week , beaten only by beverly hills , 90210 , and married . . . with children . since airing , the episode has received generally positive reviews from film and television critics . in january 2007 , michael crerar of the guardian named the entire cast ' s cameo as one of the 9 @ - @ - greatest moments in the history of the show . warren martyn and adrian wood , the authors of the book i can ' t believe it ' s a bigger and better updated unofficial simpsons guide , said it was " a great , @ - @ great episode with lots of great character pieces – the references to cheers and lost in space are great " , and said that " homer ' s dog looks just like moe " . ryan keefer of dvd talk said that " with the cast of cheers intact ( except for grammer , again ) and a good parody of north by northwest , the episode is much better than you would expect " , and gave it a b + . colin jacobson of dvd movie guide said in his review of the sixth season premiere that it was " a episode i didn ’ t like , one that worked very well . i hadn ’ t realized how many jokes i ’ ve heard from this show : the phrase ' flying homer ' , the dog with the long nose , ' every challenge comes with a price ' . the episode makes little sense with regard to flying since homer has flown during several episodes , but it ’ is still very funny and entertaining . " the guardian named anne bancroft one of the ten best guest stars to appear on the show . = = = = = the episode was selected for inclusion in the 1999 dvd compilation of simpsons episodes entitled : the simpsons goes to college . the episodes included in the box series included " the moe ' s " , " krusty gets kancelled " , and " bored to the bone " . " fear of flying " was not included in the 2003 dvd release of the collection series . it was included in the complete season two box set , which was released on november 26 , 2005 , titled the first – the complete sixth season .