= harold innis = harold john innis ( / ˈɪnɪs / ; february 22 , 1894 – february 9 , 1952 ) was a canadian professor of political science at the university of toronto and the author of influential works on communication , political theory , and canadian intellectual history . despite his extensive and complex research , innis was one of canada ' s most influential scholars . he helped develop the staple thesis , which argued that canada ' s culture , political thought , and economy have been heavily influenced by the use and development of a variety of " resources " such as forests , fish , water , oil , mineral resources , and agriculture . the staple thesis influenced economic thought in canada until @ - @ began , and is still used by economists . innis ' early work on communication emphasized the role of media in shaping the culture and economy of canada . he argued , for example , that the distinction between oral and written forms of communication contributed to the development of western civilization in the first millennium bc . he argued , however , that western civilization was being destroyed by new , powerful @ - @ , media associated with " the @ - @ mindedness " and the " systematic , systematic , systematic use of forms of communication contributing to human existence " . his close friendship with eric k . ##kson formed the basis of the “ canadian school of communication ” which was a source of inspiration for later leaders of the field : marshall lewis and edmund j ##den . innis laid the foundation for scholarship that looked at the social sciences from a specifically canadian point of view . as the head of the university of toronto ' s political science department , he worked to build up a network of canadian academics so that they would not have to rely so heavily on british and american @ - @ , scholars familiar with canada ' s history and culture . he was successful in finding sources of funding for his academic research . as the cold war grew stronger after 1947 , innis became increasingly hostile to the united states . he warned americans that canada was becoming a slave state to its much more powerful american neighbors . " we are all fighting for our lives , " he said , referring specifically to the " growing power of american propaganda . . . . we can only win by taking decisive action at all costs against american propaganda in all its various forms . " his early @ - @ writings influenced many later scholars , including donald creighton . innis also worked to protect canada from political and economic influences . he argued that the media , as wellof scientific thinking , as applied to the development of human civilization . his closest friend and former professor , marshall brown , described innis ' s early death as a great loss for the ##kind . he wrote : " i am inclined to think of my recent book the psychic experience as a tribute to the writings of innis on the subject of the psychological and social sciences , first of science then of religion . " = = rural life = = = = = rural life = = = harold harold innis was born in 1894 on a small dairy and grain farm in the town of otterville in southern ontario ' s oxford district . as a child he knew the ways and customs of rural life and he never forgot his religious upbringing . his mother , mary ann innis , had named him ' harold ' , hoping he would become a member of the strong evangelical baptist faith that she and her husband william shared . at the time , the baptist church was an important part of life in rural ontario . it gave the people a sense of community and promoted the values of liberty and equality . the many @ - @ run churches were often controlled by a single , secular minister . innis became an atheist in later life , but never lost his interest in religion . according to his friend and biographer donald creighton , innis ' early life was shaped by the following : the # ##ness of religion and the sense of dedication to its cause , which were so characteristic of him in later life , were derived , in part at least , from the education conducted so thoroughly and effectively in the largely empty interior of the baptist church in otterville . innis attended the one @ - @ room schoolhouse at otterville and the town ' s high school . he travelled 20 miles ( 32 km ) by train to woodstock , ontario , to complete his secondary education at the baptist @ - @ run school . he intended to become a baptist @ - @ run teacher and take the entrance examination for teacher training , but decided to take a year off to earn the money he would need to support himself at the ontario teachers ' college . at age 19 , however , he returned to the one @ - @ room schoolhouse at otterville to teach for a year until the woodstock school board could find a more qualified teacher . the experience made him realize that the life of a teacher in a small , rural town was not for him . = = = = . = = = in september 1913 , innis began classes at##master college ( now university toronto ) . it was a natural choice for him because it was a liberal college and many students who attended woodstock college studied there . master ' s liberal arts professors encouraged critical thinking and reflection . innis was greatly influenced by john ten broeke , the university ' s @ @ - @ @ history professor . ten broeke posed an important question that innis pondered for the rest of his life : " how do we attend to the events to which we attend ? " during his final undergraduate year at university , innis spent a year teaching at the northern alberta school in the small farming community of landonville near edmonton , alberta . the school gave him a sense of the future of canada . he also learned about international economics , high exchange rates and high living costs . during his final undergraduate year , innis focused on history and politics . he had in mind a point made by fellow student w . h . smith that the true meaning of life is not the simplest of one , but that which lasts the longest . = = = first world war = = = = after graduating from university , innis found that his christian faith led him to enlist in the canadian expeditionary force . he was sent to france in the summer of 1916 to fight in the first world war . trench warfare with the " trenches and smoke and dust " had a profound effect on him . innis ' s work as an artillery observer gave him an experience of life ( and death ) on the front lines . he participated in the 1917 british attack on vimy ridge . soldiers , or observers , saw where an artillery shell hit , and sent out visual signals so that the artillery ##men could hit their targets more accurately . on september 11 , 1917 , innis suffered a severe gunshot wound to his right leg that required six months of medical treatment in toronto . innis ' s career was over . his biographer , john wilson , says the physical damage took six months to heal , while the emotional damage took a year . innis suffered from bouts of depression and nervous breakdown because of his military service . he also says that the great war sharpened innis ' s political views . it sharpened his christian faith ; sharpened his understanding of what he believed about the allied forces of war , and the mass broadcasts that were used so often to " broadcast " the war ; and caused him , for the first time , to question his christian faith . = = = = = = = = = = and = == = harold innis completed his bachelor of arts at harvard , graduating in june 1918 . his thesis , entitled the american army , " was a comprehensive study of the mental health services that were needed , not only to create a social order to help soldiers go through the trauma of the war , but also to carry on with their lives " . innis continued his undergraduate studies at the university of chicago and was awarded his degree in june 1920 . his early years at chicago had a profound influence on his later life . his interest in economics grew and he decided to become a professional economist . the economics department at chicago emphasized classical and formal economic theory , then in vogue , arguing that the basis for economic behavior should be derived from empirical empirical evidence . innis was influenced by the university ' s two famous economics professors , george herbert mead and charles e . park . although he did not attend any of these two professors ' lectures , innis did share their belief that communication was much more than the exchange of ideas . john c . carey wrote that mead and park " defined communication as the social process whereby a person is accepted into society , accepted in society , and integrated into society " . while at harvard , innis was introduced to the ideas of thorstein fischer , the german economist who drew on his extensive knowledge of philosophy and theology to express his criticisms of german politics and society . fischer had left germany years earlier , but his ideas were still widely held there . years later , in an essay on keynes , innis criticized him for declaring himself against " pure political economy " . innis had his first taste of college life at harvard , where he took several popular economics courses . one of his teachers was mary quayle , the woman he would marry in september 1921 when he was 21 and she 19 . together they had four children , donald ( 1924 ) , margaret ( 1927 ) , hugh ( 1930 ) and ann ( 1933 ) . mary quayle innis was herself a noted journalist and author . her autobiography , an economic history of canada , was published in 1935 . her memoir , riding on the wind appeared in 1943 . her other books include mrs . simcoe ' s legacy ( 1965 ) , the golden path : canadian women and their lives ( 1966 ) and after the revolution ( 1949 ) , a history of the canadian women ' s suffrage movement . she also edited harold innis ' s collected essays in canadian economic history ( 1956 ) and the 1972 edition of his canada and canada . == = history of the railway = = = harold innis wrote his doctoral thesis on the history of the canadian pacific railway ( 1923 ) . the opening of canada ' s first national railway in 1885 had been a watershed moment in canadian history . innis ' s thesis , first published as a book in 1923 , can be seen as an early attempt to understand the railway ' s history from an economic historian ' s point of view . it uses historical evidence to support his thesis . innis argues that the complex and expensive railway system was motivated by fears of american domination of the canadian economy . innis argues that " the history of the canadian pacific railway is essentially the history of the spread of western civilization to the eastern regions of the north american continent " . as john babe argues , the railway brought capital , manufactured goods and food supplies to distant lands . it was also a type of economic network that contributed to the development of western civilization . babe argues that , for innis , the railway ' s system " was a mobile , energy @ - @ consuming , capital @ - @ consuming , mobile , energy @ - @ consuming ' network ' reaching into the very hearts of the people , whose traditional way of life was disrupted , and then destroyed as a result . " historian john kroker argues that innis ' s history of the canadian pacific railway was among the works in which he attempted to show that " transportation is not something essential to canadian life ; and on the contrary , is the inevitable , and inevitable consequence of its being " . it also reflects innis ' s growing interest in the development of economic and political power . his doctoral thesis begins , for example , with a discussion of the protest against american policies , such as high freight rates and the high import tariffs imposed to protect western canadian industries . they argue that this economic system placed profits from canadian industries into the hands of the american business elite . " western civilization " , innis argues , " has paid for the development of canadian civilization , and it would seem that it will continue to grow . the growth of western ##ers is no indication of this . " = = staples theory = = harold innis is considered the acknowledged founder of the canadian school of economic thought known as the staples theory . it argues that canada ' s social , political structure and economy have been fundamentally shaped by the import and export of a variety of " staples " such as meat , fish , dairy , grain , and otherand fossil fuels . innis argued that this dependence on these natural resources made canada dependent on other more advanced countries and resulted in major barriers to economic development as the global demand for food rose and fell ; as the crop itself became more important ; and , as climate change resulted in shifts from one crop to others . innis pointed out , for example , that as wheat became scarce and interest in that staple declined , it became possible to import and export other staples such as wheat , barley and even tobacco . the transport of these important staples was made possible by improved transportation systems that included first nations , and later , automobiles . = = = " dirt " research = = = in 1920 , innis joined the department of political science at the university of manitoba . he was hired to teach courses in history , economic history and economic geography . he decided to focus his historical research on canadian economic history , a very popular subject , and instead focused on the fur trade , his primary field of study . this had brought scottish and english settlers to canada , allowing them to travel freely across the country ' s great lakes and river systems to the pacific coast . innis realized that he would not only have to search for historical sources to understand the history of the fur trade , he would also have to travel the world himself seeking sources of historical information and conducting what he called " dirt " research . thus , innis traveled extensively beginning in the summer of 1924 when he and a friend took an 8 @ - @ - ( ) @ . @ ( m ) - @ - @ - canoe hundreds of miles down the mackenzie river to lake athabasca ; then down the winnipeg river to lesser slave lake . they continued their journey down the mackenzie , canada ' s longest river , to the pacific coast in a large hudson ' s bay company canoe . during his travels , innis supplemented his historical research by collecting information on canadian staple products such as lumber , pulp and paper , tobacco , cotton and grain . he traveled so extensively that by the early 1930s , he had visited every province of canada except for the prairie provinces and the west coast of hudson bay . wherever innis went his experiences were the same : he met people involved with the trade of these products and listened to their stories . = = = fur trade in canada = = = harold innis ' s interest in the relationship between nations and cultures was reflected in his major work , the fur trade in canada : an introduction to canadian economic history ( 1930 ) . thehe traces the trade in beaver hats from the late 16th century to the present . instead of focusing on the " early " european explorers who explored the canadian interior as previous historians have done , innis shows how the interaction of geography , cultural and economic factors shaped both the fur trade and canada ' s political and economic development . he argues that the fur trade has shaped canada ' s history and that the country " developed not in terms of trade but because of it " . the fur trade in canada also reflects the cultural differences among two groups of people : the elite of the trading community who wore beaver hats as luxury goods ; the early european traders who saw the fur as a commodity that could be used to trade for other manufactured goods from the mother country , and first nations people who traded it for manufactured goods such as cooking oil , tools , clothing and food . innis highlights the important role first nations people played in the development of the fur trade . without their advanced hunting techniques , knowledge of the land and their tools such as axes , knives and the @ - @ - stick , the fur trade would not have developed . however , reliance on european technology transformed first nations culture . " the european revolution with its technological changes " , innis writes , " brought about such a radical change in the canadian indian culture as to lead to the development of the communities concerned with trade and conquest . " historian carl berger argues that by placing first nations people at the center of his account of the fur trade , innis " was the first to describe ... the development of indian culture within the framework of european civilization . " unlike other historians who see canadian history as beginning with the arrival of europeans , innis highlights the cultural and economic development of first nations people . " we have not yet established , " he writes , " that the trader and his culture were central to the development of canadian history . " the fur trade in canada begins by arguing that canadian economic history can best be understood by examining how the staple crop gave way to exported — crops to china , for food , and the economic development of grains and livestock . reliance on agriculture made people more dependent on more economically developed crops and the " gradual " shift from one commodity to another caused dramatic changes in the country ' s economic structure . = = = cod fishery = = = after the publication of his book on the fur trade , innis turned to the study of an important fishery — the cod fishery for cod on the west coast of north america , whichthe grand duchy of burgundy . the first was the cod fishery : the development of an imperial industry published in 1940 , two years after the fur trade began . innis told the complex story of canadian interests in the exploitation of a valuable natural resource — a history that goes back 500 years . while his study of the fur trade focuses on the canadian interior with its many rivers and lakes , the cod fishery extends further to international trade and commerce , showing the resource @ - @ binding effects of the staple product both in urban areas and in the provinces such as newfoundland , nova scotia and new brunswick . = = canadian studies = = harold innis ' s study of the influence of canadian lakes and rivers on canadian culture and canadian society reflected his interest in the complex economic and social relationships between political institutions and empires . during the 1930s , innis also began studying pulp and paper , an industry of great importance to the canadian economy . this study provided an important starting point from his research on staple products to his communications theory . historian paul heyer wrote that innis " studied pulp and paper through its various industries : publishing and printing , printing and publishing . in other words , from looking at a single resource @ - @ binding industry he turned his attention to a complex industry in which knowledge , and thus power , was a commodity that existed , had existed , and pleased those who controlled it . " one of innis ' s major contributions to communications theory was to apply the concepts of time and space to different media . he divided media into time @ - @ binding and space @ - @ binding media . time @ - @ binding media are durable . they include pulp and paper media . space @ - @ binding media are less durable . they include broadcast media such as radio , television , and general circulation media . innis used the rise and fall of political empires as a means of studying the development of communications theory . he looked at factors that led to the collapse of an empire ; those that shaped it during these periods of decline , and finally , the political processes that caused an empire ' s collapse . he sought to show that these ' changes ' toward time and space affected the political processes necessary to create an empire . these changes altered the relationship between the knowledge ( and power ) required to create and maintain an empire , and the power ( and knowledge ) required to maintain and maintain it . for innis , the relationship between knowledge and power was also a key factor in an empire . innis believed that the relationship betweenthe written word and writing contributed to the development of ancient civilization in the age of augustus . this balance between the mass @ - @ biased medium of speech and the mass @ - @ biased medium of communication was finally broken , innis argued , when the oral tradition gave way to the art of writing . the reins of power had passed from greece to rome . harold innis ' s analysis of the role of communication in the rise and fall of civilization led him to conclude , that western civilization was now facing its most critical crisis . the rise of modern mass media such as mass @ - @ and newspapers had shifted the balance , in terms of information and thus , over time , change and change . the balance necessary for cultural survival had been upset by what innis described as " modern " mass media able to transmit information quickly over long distances . these factors had led to an obsession with " non @ - @ mindedness " seeking out information , past and present . innis argued , the growing power of communication , in the newspaper and the magazine , had led to the development of new systems of communication . their respective systems required the systematic , linear , systematic use of forms of communication essential to cultural survival . western civilization could only be restored , innis argued , by restoring the balance between space and time . for him , that meant preserving the oral tradition in universities and protecting institutions of higher learning from political and economic pressures . in his book , a play for time , he argued that open ##ness in society could provide the critical thinking necessary to restore the balance between time and space . thus , we could have the courage to confront the forces that would destroy civilization . although innis was admired and respected for the innovative and innovative nature of his pioneering work in communication theory , he was not without critics . indeed , the systematic and linear analysis style used in journalism and communication has been described as sloppy , overly non @ - @ minded , and lacking continuity between forms of communication . some have suggested that this tendency may have been a result of innis ' influence early in his career . = = personal and social relations = = = = = = in the 1920s = = = = from his work on the magazine ##a , innis wrote extensively in the 1930s about canadian agricultural crops such as barley and wheat as well as canada ' s growing economic problems during the great depression . during the summers of 1932 and 1933 , he traveled to the us to study the effects of the depression for himself . the following year, in an article entitled , the provincial economy and the world , innis described the situation of " a province alert to the @ - @ - @ sign of external threats " , yet plagued by internal problems that made it difficult to find lasting solutions . he described a provincial economy dependent on the export of grain , and weakened by severe inflation , on the one hand , and the growing purchasing power of canada ' s major cities , resulting from their dependence on the world market , on the other . the result was internal instability and a deterioration in international – economic relations . " we lack the resources on which to base our efforts to address this crisis " , innis wrote , because of " the weakened state of the social order in canada " . innis ' s reputation as a " leading economist " was established , and , in 1934 , premier john a . macdonald appointed him to serve on a royal commission to study nova scotia ' s economic situation . the following year , he helped establish the canadian school of economics and political science . in 1936 , he was named a distinguished university of toronto professor and a year later , became the head of the university ' s department of political science . innis was elected president of the canadian political science association in 1938 . his presidential address , on the changing nature of the monetary system , must have reached his audience because it went through periods of heated discussion ranging wildly from one topic to the other from economic growth to patterns of competition and competition . the address was an ambitious attempt to show the destructive effects of new technologies used in the rapid transition from an industrial economy based on coal and iron to the new forms of mass production , oil , oil and gas . innis also sought to show the destructive effects of large print newspapers , made possible by mass industrial ##ization , and of the new medium of television , which " sought to remove the barriers erected by capitalism and to reach the audiences traditionally assigned to the means of communication " . these technologies , innis argued , increased the demand for consumer goods and thus increased competition . innis was also a key figure in an academic project that produced six edited volumes between 1936 and 1945 . this was a series on the economies of canada and the united states edited by robert h . shotwell , director of the carnegie endowment for international peace . innis edited and wrote chapters for the volumes published by other scholars . his own study of the currency ##ification also appeared as part of the series . his correspondence with shotwell allowed innis to gain access to the money todegree in canadian history . as david lewis points out , " the university was one of the best sources of education even in these difficult times " . = = = depression and the great depression = = = the era of the " roaring thirties " with its high unemployment , unemployment and poverty gave rise to many radical political movements . in canada , for example , the radio broadcaster william " wild bill " aberhart led his new social credit party to power in 1935 . two years earlier in edmonton , alberta , social democrats had formed a new political party , the co @ - @ or commonwealth federation or ccf . it advocated democratic socialism and a market economy with public ownership of all industries . william underhill , one of innis ' s colleagues at the university of alberta was a founding member of the ccf . innis and underhill had previously been part of an influential group at the university that found itself " dissatisfied with the dominance of the two major [ political ] parties in canada " and that aimed at " building a coherent base of public opinion " . in 1931 , innis presented a paper to the university on " social problems in canada " , but he soon withdrew from involvement in canadian politics , describing people like underhill as " political radicals " . innis believed that students had little interest in canadian politics and that instead , they should devote themselves , first to research and social policy , and then to the production of knowledge based on critical thinking . he saw the university , with its emphasis on education , co @ - @ mindedness and debate , as an environment that could foster critical thinking and research . " the university could provide an environment " , he wrote , " as free as possible from the influence of the political parties that govern the country , so that the students could continue to produce knowledge and pursue their interests . " although sympathetic to the interests of both rural and urban , industrial workers , innis did not support them . eric ##kson , a close @ - @ friend , wrote many years later that innis preferred the " ideas " imported from europe , to those based on economic theory with an emphasis on class struggle . he believed , however , that as canada ' s relations with europe deteriorated , the country would fall under the influence of classical liberalism instead of developing his own views on europe ' s political values . he wrote : he had been called the great scholar of his time — not a mere shadow of the great man , far ahead , skilled , and above all , in areas where thewe would have ' probably ' been less constrained in making a decision ; more able to choose from one of two solutions of a complex problem in order to produce a successful @ - @ decision , or policy ; and advanced enough in education to take in the full range of the problems , and understand their mutually exclusive nature . = = = = life and death = = = in the 1940s , harold innis reached the height of his influence in both academic circles and in government . in 1941 , he helped found the canadian @ - @ = economic history association and the journal of economic history . he later became the latter ' s first president . innis played a key role in establishing two national bodies for the promotion of economic research : the canadian social science research council ( 1940 ) and the economic research council of canada ( 1944 ) . in 1944 , the university of new brunswick awarded innis an honorary doctorate , as would his alma mater , mcgill university . universite laval , the university of toronto and the university of saskatchewan would also award honorary degrees in 1947 – ) . in 1945 , innis spent about a month in the soviet union where he had been invited to attend the 220th anniversary celebration of the founding of the country ' s academy of sciences . there , in his book , on economics , he commented on the contrast between the soviet " industrial " economy and the west ' s " scientific " economy : [ a ] industrial economy which emphasizes consumer ' s goods is characterized by communication industries largely dependent on advertising and their own media to reach the desired number of readers and subscribers ; an economy emphasizing producer ' s goods is characterized by manufacturing industries largely dependent on government support . as a result of this contrast , a unified public policy between canada and the west was difficult to achieve . innis ' s visits to moscow and moscow occurred shortly after u . s . – - [UNK] led to the outbreak of the cold war . innis welcomed this shift in international tensions . he saw the soviet union as a necessary alternative to the british empire ' s emphasis on commercialism , the market and social order . for innis , russia was a tradition of the western world , not an isolated country . he opposed the nuclear arms race , seeing it as the triumph of technology over history , a modern ##isation of the medieval age . " the middle ages are the ages " , he wrote , " and the modern world destroys them with atomic bombs . " in 1946 , innis was elected fellow of the royal society of canada , the society ' s senior fellowof teachers and administrators . that same year , he served on the canadian royal commission on adult education and edited adult education and the welfare state , a collection of his lectures and articles that covered both his previous work and his later work in education . in 1947 , innis was appointed the university of manitoba ' s dean of graduate studies . in 1948 , he gave lectures at the university of toronto and nottingham university . he also gave the 1949 beit lectures at oxford , which resulted in his book growth and development . in 1949 , innis was appointed as a commissioner on the canadian government ' s royal commission on communications , a position that encouraged his research at a time when his health was beginning to fail . the first period of his life during which he concentrated on his own work was an unhappy one for innis . he was often criticized because his colleagues in academia could not understand how this new work related to his previous work in communication theory . historian john wilson writes that " the almost total lack of public response to the new work , added to his feeling of isolation and isolation " . innis died of lung cancer in 1952 a few months before his 58th birthday . in 1952 , innis hall at the university of toronto and innis hall at mcgill university were named in his honour . after his early death , innis ' work was recognized and scholars in several academic disciplines began to draw upon his work . john marshall ' s economic systems theory that included two sub @ - @ models was developed by innis . robert k . merton built on of innis ' " demand for capital " theory of economic development , applying it to economic development in the united states and other countries . in 1952 , james e . carey cited innis as a " starting point for his analysis of economic models of development " . = = innis and = = = = moore was a student of innis ' work at the university of toronto . as a young undergraduate student , moore was upset when he learned that innis had placed his novel the russian connection on the reading list of the sub @ - @ college english class . he expanded on innis ' s idea that in understanding the nature of mass communication , technological innovation is more than necessary . historian john heyer writes that innis ' s analysis of the " nature " of a particular mode of communication can be seen as a " rather direct response to dewey ' s famous phrase ' the medium is the medium . ' " innis , forspecifically , how to explain how written media such as books and newspapers were " biased " toward issues of social and political power , while oral media such as writing or clay tablets were " biased " in terms of differences in meaning and / or spiritual content . watson elaborated on what might be called the media ' s " sensory bias " in , for example , that books and newspapers appealed to the sensitivity of the body , while tablets appealed to the sensitivity of the mind . the differences between the innisian and mcluhanesque approaches are noted by the historian john a . carey : " watson and innis emphasize the importance of communication technology ; where they differ is in the different types of effects they are getting from this technology . whereas innis sees communication technology as promoting political organization and thought , watson sees a negative effect on political organization and thought . watson has much to say about organization and thought but little to say about politics ; innis has much about institutions and little about organization and thought . " john carey argues that innis ' s approach was primarily political whereas watson ' s was not . watson argues that " the bias of communication , not the purely sensory bias of media , was the key to innis ' s position . this also explains the politicization of innis ' s approach from @ - @ - @ - @ to that of politics . " watson argues that innis believed that different media could have different effects . " for innis , the printing press of the united states and the communist party had the same kind of negative effect : they affected everything from human beings to the lowest in the chain of command . " watson argues that whereas watson examined media according to their sensory bias , innis examined a different type of media , the " bias of communication and perception " under different social conditions . for watson , innis ' s approach was both more flexible and less rigid than watson ' s . as authors and critics , innis and watson shared a similar philosophy since both believed that their reviews needed to have different points of view and differences of opinion ; they both wrote successful reviews . in his introduction to the 1964 edition of the politics of knowledge , watson looked at innis ' s approach of placing " his work in a complex world of seemingly contradictory and disproportioned ideas and opinions " . watson alsothat although this made of innis ' s own work a — " a collection of words that are perfectly suitable for the human mind " — innis ' s work yielded " the spoken language of conversation and conversation rather than of written language " . most of all , it yielded " patterns " and " # ##ing " rather than the " written language " as favored by the @ - @ - reader . " how exciting it was to meet a writer whose every word required deep thought and concentration " , he wrote . smith ' s later works with their emphasis on observations , observations , jokes , " jokes " and other juxtaposed ideas also employed this same approach . innis ' s theories of modern communication , culture and history are still influential : he had a profound influence on canadian communication theory and practice and , in collaboration with others , developed new theoretical perspectives on the role of communication technologies as key players in social and political change . together , their work developed a theory of communication in which communication was linked to social change and change .