= = ( poem ) = " ulysses " is a poem in blank verse by the english poet alfred , lord byron ( 1809 – 1892 ) , written in 1833 and published in 1842 in his re @ - @ received second book of poems . an early @ - @ received poem , it is often used to describe the narrative verse form . in old age , the hero ulysses expresses his frustration and despair upon returning to his kingdom , ithaca , after his long @ - @ received exile . despite his love with his wife lydia and son telemachus , he refuses to return home . the character of ulysses ( in particular , ulysses ) has been portrayed frequently in literature . the adventures of ulysses are also described in homer ' s odyssey and odyssey ( c . 800 – 700 bc ) , and poe draws on homer ' s odyssey in the poem . some critics , however , argue that ulysses ' s character resembles dante ' s ulisse in his inferno ( c . 1320 ) . in poe ' s re @ - @ received , ulisse is condemned to live among the greek gods , both for his lack of knowledge and his reach and for his suffering and loss of his love . for much of this poem ' s history , people remember ulysses as heroic and heroic , praising him for his determination " to go , to seek , to conquer , and never to return " . the idea that poe wrote a heroic poem is supported by his themes in the poem , and by the events in his life — the death of his best friend — that inspired him to write it . in the 20th century , several critical studies of " ulysses " explored the themes of the poem . they argued , for example , that ulysses vowed to never leave his kingdom and ithaca , and they offered several different interpretations of ulysses ' character , including how poe portrayed his character in earlier works . = = introduction and introduction = = as the poem opens , ulysses has returned to his kingdom , ithaca , having endured a long exile there after fighting in the trojan war . troubled deeply by his problems , he expresses his lack of emotions , and his resentment toward the " # ##s " ( # 24 ) whom he encounters . he expresses his own dissatisfaction with his past deeds , and describes his old age and his death — " one and only life / is not so good , and of value to me / it is " ( [UNK] – ##b ) — and thatfor his wisdom and wisdom . his son telemachus will inherit the duties that he finds necessary . although ulysses believes that telemachus will be a good king — " so strict is he , even in the performance / of his duties " ( 39 ) — he seems to have denied any authority to his son — " he has his way , i think " ( 40 ) — and the two ways of it — " through # ##ness " and " in varying ways " ( 36 , 37 ) . in the final stanza , ulysses turns to his young men and calls upon them to join him on his journey , making no judgment as to their character but trying to define their own character : = = = form = = = the poet ' s speech is direct and simple , and it reflects ulysses ' own emotions as he searches for connections between his past and present . there is often a sharp contrast between the tone of ulysses ' words and the actions that accompany them . for example , the speaker ' s short narrative speech is often interrupted by breaks ( between words that consist of only single syllables ) ; this the intention of the speaker ( and in other words , casts doubt upon the quality of ulysses ' speech ) : despite their simple in nature , the critic matthew carter notes , " these short breaks in themselves take up almost as much space as a whole section of the poem . " many of the poem ' s themes cross over into the final lines ; these lines reflect ulysses ' anger and frustration . = = = = = = = the poem ' s three movements of blank verse are interpreted in a narrative form . critics disagree on how ulysses ' speech works in this way ; it is not always clear to whom he is speaking , if anyone , and from what audience . they see the poem evolving from a narrative to a dramatic speech , as ulysses begins to speak to himself in the first movement , then to move to the left where he addresses his son , and then to move to the place where he addresses his son . in this way , the more playful and humorous tone of the first movement is contrasted against the more emotionally charged tone of the other two movements . for example , the third movement ( i – 3 ) of telemachus , in which ulysses reflects back on his son , is a " modified version [ of lines # – 3 ] for public consumption " : the " second speech " is addressed to a" = ##ness " . the melancholy tone of " ulysses " may be the result of the romantic tendency to view the narrator of a shakespeare play as being " tragic " . according to critic dwight culler , the poem has been the subject of repeated attempts in which the reader attempts to tell the story from a particular character ' s own statements . ( see the most famous example of this approach , robert burns ' s " my fair lady " . ) culler himself describes " ulysses " as a poem in which the narrator combines the elements of a romantic and an analytical approach to life ; he goes through several different stages that are both @ - @ conscious , and reflective : beginning with his thoughts of the current state to which he has fallen in love , he then suddenly recalls his own life , questions the wisdom of telemachus ' way of thinking , and with these thoughts begins his journey . = = = literary history = = = he completed the poem on 1 october 1833 , but it was not published until 1842 , in his first book of poems . unlike many of byron ' s other early poems , " ulysses " was not published after its completion . byron originally laid out the poem with two lines , just between lines 32 , 37 and 38 . in this version , the first and second lines do not rhyme , and can be read as interior and exterior scenes , respectively . however , the poem is often read with the first paragraph cut off . = = = = = = = = literary history = = = byron wrote " ulysses " after the death of his close personal friend , the poet arthur henry hallam ( 1811 – 1833 ) , with whom he had a deep personal connection . the two men had spent much time discussing literature and politics , writing poetry , and travelling in southern england , the netherlands , and germany . byron thought hallam was for politics , and as a whig . when he learned on 1 october 1833 of his friend ' s death , arthur was living in somersby , yorkshire , in close quarters with his mother and five of his seven siblings . his father had died in 1831 , forcing him to return home and take responsibility for the household . arthur ' s parents were becoming increasingly concerned about his mental and physical health during this time . the family had little money , and several of arthur ' s siblings were seriously ill . just as arthur ' s father wasby — he was adapting to his new married life , maintaining contact with emily , and had completed his 1832 collection of poems — the news of hallam ' s death arrived . he shared his grief with his sister , emily , who had become engaged to hallam . according to shakespeare scholar linda taylor , the close connection between the burden of his household duties and the death of his best friend shaped the character of " ulysses " — and his treatment of women . at one point , ulysses ' strength seems to rival that of emily , who would have been charged with keeping the household in such a state of disrepair . at the next , he is trying to escape his duties and his responsibilities by going abroad . it may be that ulysses ' determination to overcome mortality drew shakespeare to the poem ; he wrote that the poem " expresses my sense of the importance of going abroad and with the weight of life " . on another occasion , the poet wrote , " there is something of myself in ulysses , which is written with the weight of life and that which has gone before , and that my will will be carried on to the end . it is better written with the weight of his death upon me than the poem written in memoriam . " hallam ' s death influenced much of shakespeare ' s work , including perhaps his most highly regarded play , in memoriam w . g . s . , begun in 1833 and completed two years later . some critics note the similarities between the poem and its subject that make " ulysses " unique . j . w . robson writes , " ulysses , the responsible social being , the most honest and ' true ' man , is speaking his words in the manner of perhaps the most - @ - @ - , passionate and passionate of men . " he notes that ulysses ' s two best known characters , the " responsible social being " and the tragic hero , appear briefly in " ulysses " , but seem not to resemble each other in the poem . = = = = = = = = shakespeare combined elements of the same character and elements from other sources ; his version of ulysses is the earliest known example . the ancient greek poet homer influenced ulysses ( written in greek ) , and many other writers took up the theme , including homer , virgil , horace , william shakespeare , and alexander pope . homer ' s work influenced the poem ' s literary context : in the firstand the poet also says that he will return to ithaca after a long voyage , to start a new , new life , and then die a horrible , " unwarlike " death that comes only " from the sea " . at the end of dante ' s poem , his character is shown on this last voyage . dante ' s character , however , is not the figure of ulysses speaking of in homer ' s odyssey . indeed , " ulisse " from dante ' s inferno was dante ' s primary inspiration for the poem , which had an important influence on the poet ' s work . ulisse describes his fate in the poem ' s first stanza , in which he is condemned to the torture chamber of the underworld for losing his gift of prophecy . dante portrays ulisse , with his " desire … / to ' conquer the world " , as an ordinary man who searches for adventure at the expense of his family and his purpose in life . dante incorporates this interest into ulysses ' unquenched desire for adventure : the poet ' s desire to repeat the classical odyssey is apparent in several poems . " i am not a pirate " ( 44 ) recalls the passage in the odyssey in which demodocus talks about ulysses ' service in the king ' s fleet , and his fate . with lines such as " / in the sea ##est ! " ( 44 ) and " the sea / all voices with no sound " ( ₍ – ₎ ) , dante seems to be directly referencing ulysses . scholars have also noted the influence of shakespeare in several movements . in the first movement , the " man " that eats , and sleep , and feed , and eat with them " ( 21 ) recalls shakespeare ' s words : " what is a man , / if his only good and evil of his life / is / to sleep and feed ? no man , no more . " dante ' s " how hard it is to love , to make and effort , / to be unburnish ’ ##ly , and to make and work ! " ( [UNK] – [UNK] ) recalls ulysses ' s lines in troilus and cressida ( c . 1602 ) : the first line of " ulysses " , which is among the most famous lines in early @ - @ @ @ @ - @ century literature , is further evidence of the influence of shakespeare . dante takes his attention from himself and his family and fleet of ships , ships , andhis death . the themes of death and despair of old age appear in the poem , and dante explicitly tells ulysses " to live , to learn , to fight , and then to die " ( 56 ) , reflecting the seemingly endless desire for freedom beyond all measure . the actions of dante ' s ulysses as he leads his men to the sea find parallels with those of virgil ' s ulysses , who asks his men to join him on his last voyage . in dante ' s ulisse : inferno , critics argue that in the original poem , dante ' s sailors are dead . a similar theme also comes from ulysses ' speech to his men — " come , my friends , / ' tis not too late to make a better life " ( [UNK] – ##4 ) . since dante ' s ulisse has also described this journey and referenced it in the inferno , ulysses ' s speech can be read as his # ##s experience in italy . = = = from irony to irony = = = the degree to which dante identifies with ulysses has been one of the major controversies among critics of the poem . those who believe that dante identifies with the poet interpret ulysses ' speech " positively " , but without irony . many other interpretations of the poem have resulted from the fact that dante does not identify with ulysses , and some criticism has suggested that the apparent irony in ulysses ' speech are the work of the poet himself . central to the critical interpretation of " ulysses " is the historical context of the poem . such an interpretation takes into account dante ' s speech in which the poem — " the importance of moving forward " — and concludes that dante would not treat ulysses ' character with irony when he showed a certain courage to face life after hallam ' s death . ulysses is also portrayed as a heroic figure whose determination to do " some sort of # ##ness " ( 52 ) is justified in the face of his " old life " ( 52 ) and old age . the strength and courage of ulysses ' s speech — and of his later influence on the poem — suggest that the poet , as was common in the victorian era , represents courage and courage . read aloud , " ulysses " expresses the true spirit of humanity , even in old age , and a willingness to compromise and live it alone . until the early 20th century , critics reacted to " ulysses " negatively . the meaning of the poem was much debated in dante ' s2 ) . when paull j . smith analyzed byron ' s and dante ' s treatment of the poem in 1948 , the ironic interpretation became clearer . he saw in ulysses many of lord byron ' s main characters , who often exhibit strong emotions , including @ - @ , optimism , and a sense of moral responsibility . but ulysses ' s final line — " to seek , to seek , to succeed , and not to fail " — is echoed by dante , when he and other critics compare this line to dante ' s " promise not to fail and fail " in john milton ' s paradise lost ( 1667 ) . ulysses ' s concern for those around him is another example of the ironic interpretation . ulysses states that he is " living with an old man " ( 3 ) , expresses his difficulty in surviving a " dying day " ( 4 ) , and shows his increasing distance from his friend telemachus . a contemporary review of the final stanza finds both a direct reference to telemachus and a description of his " hero ##ness " ( 5 ) . however , the words used to describe telemachus — " wise " , " good " , and " good " — , used with similar meanings in works of dante ' s work and in the greek tradition , where " hero " is an epithet of gods and heroes . critic a . j . chiasson wrote in 1954 that ulysses is without fault in the poem , and that dante uses a " kind of irony " to emphasize the need for religious tolerance , showing how ulysses ' lack of faith leads to his rejection of friends and family . chiasson describes the poem as " lost " in dante ' s work , but notes that the poem ' s meaning reveals itself when this meaning is used : it is ulysses ' s conviction that " removing all things and ' giving all things to god ' leads to either a denial or a complete rejection of god and ' god ' . " other critical reviews have found ulysses preparing for death , or death , in the course of his final journey . while noting the lack of horror in the poem , critics note ulysses ' s attitude toward the supernatural . t . s . eliot writes that " ulysses could not tell a story at all " . eliot finds dante ' s description of ulysses disturbing , and he' the poem had " an intense feeling " . " ulysses " was largely lacking in historical detail ; the poet ' s speech is weak , and in the poet ' s very opening lines , it is not clear for what he is " yielding " , or to what he wants to yield . according to literary scholar richard tucker , ulysses ' s characters " travel " through time and space to be commented on . to them , there is " something out there " , = = = = = = = = = = and = = = = the early reviews of " ulysses " were positive and found great merit in the poem . critic william blake — , himself a member of the twelve apostles — wrote in the quarterly review in 1842 , " how beautiful is ' ulysses ' ! there is in this poem a delightful poetic beauty , and its own beautiful language that lays down beautiful ##s and beautiful words in thin ##e of verse . " sterling ' s 1842 collection of poems influenced english poet thomas hardy . reading the text of " ulysses " in an 1842 letter to the — — he wrote , " these poems do not make me happy , but there is in them what would be my lachrymatories when i died . " literary critic richard holt ##on described the poem as hardy ' s " perfect expression of the human desire for great adventure , adventure , and adventure , when under the influence of a free mind and a un @ - @ free heart . " the english poet matthew arnold was early in noting the poetic quality of the poem : he called ulysses ' poem " the most beautiful , the most beautiful @ - @ poem , which will ever be written . ulysses sends his thought to you , and it comes from the depths of his heart : . . ulysses carefully weighs his thought before he can part with it . there is . . . a rich and beautiful poem . " despite the critical acclaim " ulysses " received , its place within the literary canon took time . sterling did not initially recommend it for inclusion in major anthologies ; in academic circles , however , the poem was widely accepted — and it remains a standard literary text today . its prominent place in hardy ' s canon was the product of two factors , according to literary scholar john rowlinson : the rise of modern english literature , in the late 19th century , and the subsequent desire to create a new literature that could be studied . "and that " imperialism " is part of the concept of imperialism — a term that first appeared in the spectator in 1851 . the poet speaks as a " colonial ##ist " , and his approach to creating a new world ( ulysses ) echoes the term " new world " , which was used during the enlightenment . although " ulysses " cannot be seen as being political , eliot ' s later tenure as poet laureate either argues for the existence of man ' s empire , or is accused of imperialism . rowlinson echoes the political philosopher louis althusser ' s formulation of the idea that imperialism is political , and that man ' s ideology " comes from the intellectual superiority for which he also finds himself grateful " . = = = literary and cultural references = = = in a 1929 essay , t . s . eliot called " ulysses " a " great poem " . an example of this is found in eliot ' s " gerontion " ( 1920 ) . both poems are narrated by an ordinary man doing man ' s work . an excerpt from " gerontion " serves as an ironic commentary on the final line of " ulysses " : the italian poet giovanni pascoli ( 1855 – 1912 ) wrote that his 1889 epic poem l ' amore viaggio was an attempt to reconcile the story of ulysses in homer and virgil with dante ' s prediction that ulysses would die " a great man on the sea " . pascoli ' s poem asks ulysses to end his sea voyage rather than begin it . " ulysses " was widely popular , even though the 20th century saw different interpretations of the poem . professor of english john willey wrote in 1956 , " in ' ulysses ' the idea that man should go in and follow him in , is expressed clearly , as the whole person , and not merely as his own creation . [ eliot ] comes across as a master in the grand design that he once was ; the poem is perfect in execution from beginning to end ; clear , simple , free from all emotion , and full of carefully constructed emotion . " in the second edition of eliot ' s selected poems ( 1980 ) , 14 lines of " ulysses " , or 22 of the poem ' s 39 lines , are included , compared to only 12 in the first edition ( 1891 ) . some critics have cited the two final lines of " ulysses " as well . the poem ' s last line has also been used as a reference in theand other writers . u . s . senator robert francis buckley used the two last lines at the end of his speech " against the growing use of drugs " in america a year after the assassination of martin luther king . the last line is inscribed on a plaque in edinburgh tower , edinburgh , to scottish explorer robert falcon scott and his crew , who were on their first voyage from the south pole in 1912 :