= butterfly ( mariah carey remix ) = butterfly is the seventh studio album by american singer and songwriter mariah carey , released on november 16 , 1995 , by columbia records . the album @ - @ compared to her commercially successful albums music box ( 1993 ) and holiday album merry christmas ( 1994 ) , butterfly differed from the former , leaning more towards r & b and hip hop . for the album , carey worked with walter afanasieff , with whom she wrote and produced each of her five studio albums . with him , carey had more control over the musical direction as well as the album ' s production . carey said she considered this the beginning of her songwriting and musical maturity , a process that became more evident on her studio album butterfly ( 1997 ) . during the album ' s recording , carey had some creative differences with her producer and songwriter tommy mottola . for butterfly , carey worked with jermaine dupri for the first time , and co @ - @ wrote and produced the song with kenneth " babyface " edmonds , with whom she had worked on music box . it was also the first time she had worked with boyz ii men , an r & b group consisting of three female rappers . together , they wrote the music and lyrics for " one sweet day , " a song that carey co @ - @ produced with afanasieff . with his help and the addition of a few new songs , she was able to make a stylistic shift into the r & b genre . butterfly was nominated for the grammy award at the 43rd annual ceremony , during which carey performed it . due to the album ' s critical and commercial success , many believed carey would be one of the award ' s eventual winners . however , to her surprise , she was not voted out , causing the award to be considered controversial and controversial . she attended the award ceremony with @ - @ support . three singles were released from the album . the lead single " butterfly " became the first single by a female artist to debut at number one on the us billboard hot 100 and went on to top the chart for three weeks and became the longest top @ - @ selling single of 1995 in the us . the song topped the charts in australia , canada , and new zealand and became a top @ - @ selling single in australia , ireland , and the united kingdom . the second single " one sweet day " topped the billboard hot 100 for three weeks and became the longest @ - @ selling number one single in billboard ', a position she still holds . it also topped the charts in canada and new zealand and peaked within the top ten in australia , germany , sweden and the netherlands . additionally , the singles from stronger spent a combined six weeks at the top of the hot 100 . to promote it , carey embarked on the unsuccessful but successful , stronger world tour , touring asia and europe . at the time of its release , stronger was carey ' s best @ - @ selling album . critics generally praised her strong vocals and songwriting , as well as her musical direction . the album was an international success , peaking at number one in several european countries , and reaching the top five on almost every major billboard chart . it became carey ' s first album to be certified platinum by the recording industry association of america ( riaa ) , for sales of two million copies in the united states . aside from its success in the united states , the album reached the top ten of the top @ - @ selling albums in sales by a top @ - @ selling artist , with the @ . @ 2 million copies sold . it remains one of the best @ - @ selling albums of all time , with 10 million copies sold worldwide . = = = = = aside from being carey ' s second best selling album , stronger stands as her most successful and most successful album at the time . during the album ' s recording , carey emerged as an artist , as well as a songwriter . for the first time in her career , carey was able to produce music that she rarely listened to , r & b and hip hop . although columbia gave carey some credit with the songs she recorded , they were upset when she called ol ' daddy # # # # # # # on the remix for " stronger . " they felt the name change was being left out for her fans , and that it would affect the album ' s sales . in an interview with entertainment weekly , carey later said of her relationship with columbia : " everybody is like ' what , are you serious ? ' they ' re talking about changing the name . it hurts to have me singing a song on stage in a white dress with my hair down . " while carey ' s new musical direction caused friction between her and columbia , it began to negatively affect her relationship with her manager at the time , tommy mottola . mottola had previously been influential in carey ' s career , because he was the ceo of sony music , the parent company of her label . since the albumof carey ' s marriage , mottola initially controlled almost every aspect of her life , keeping her career strictly professional and insisting that she keep her a @ - @ of @ - @ the @ - @ of her style , including her interest in hip hop . carey stated that she initially wanted to end the relationship because " [ she ] wanted to be cautious and cautious , and that [ she ] would listen to what the man said . " however , the control mottola had over her career soon " extended into her personal life " after they were married , increasing the level of tension between the two . soon , it became clear that their marriage was in trouble ; carey said in a vanity fair interview , " the couple threatened to divorce at the drop of a hat . " carey became more involved with the project , more involved than she had ever been on an album . " i got into this cycle of writing , producing , recording and doing things really well , " she told vogue . " this time , i had more freedom , and i focused more on what i wanted to do . " as carey ' s career and life began to shape her views on how she should be , her marriage to mottola began to " struggle . " = = writing and production = = one of the first songs that carey wrote for the album was " fantasy . " as carey was developing the material for fantasy , she heard of the song " power of love " by tom tom club . she had long been a fan of the song , and approached dave hall with the idea of creating the song ' s beat . hall created a beat that she felt suited carey ' s vocals , and she created most of the drum beats and wrote the lyrics . carey recorded a remix to the song as well , featuring a @ - @ of vocals from o . d . b of the hip @ - @ hop crew , as well as vocals from hall . she spoke highly of the remix , praising hall and o . d . b , " he ' s well known on the label , and he ' s one of the best producers out there . . . we kind of did what we always do and then o . d . b took it to another level . it was my first record , and i was very happy with the way it turned out . " " one more time " is a song that carey recorded with the r & b group boyz ii men . after carey ' s friend and frequent collaborator david banner died , she began writing and recording theone that would pay tribute to him and all the friends and family her father had lost in life ' s journey . carey had the melody and the idea , and after working with boyz ii men , they realized they each had a different song in mind . so , using carey ' s idea and melody , as well as the lyrics they had written , they wrote and recorded the song . it was produced by afanasieff , who worked on the song ' s melody and added new lyrics and instrumentation . carey explained how the song was " meant to be " and how all the pieces fell into place : i had the original idea for ' one more day ' with him , and he loved the idea . . . and i went and said , ' i really wanna do this with boyz ii men , ' because . . . . i ' m a big fan of theirs and i just knew that the song was working out for them , the things that they did , so i put it together and said , ' who knows if this could ever happen , but i really don ' t wanna do this , because i want it to be our song if we can do it ' . [ the ] whole concept of when you meet people that are important to you , it changes your life and changes your world . when they came into the studio , i gave them the idea for the song and when [ they ] came , they looked at each other , a little surprised , and told me that nat " nathan lane " had written a song for his former girlfriend who had passed away . it was basically the same melody and had all the same chord changes . it was really , really cool , we wrote the song right then and there . we were all just really into it ourselves . we had a lot to do with that . i know some people wouldn ' t believe it , but we wouldn ' t make it such a long story . as the song ' s recording was progressing , carey expressed interest in collaborating with jermaine dupri , whom she had been a fan of since his 1992 single , " beautiful . " soon after , carey , dupri , and manuel seal began writing a song for the album . while seal played the piano , carey began singing and playing with the guitar in the @ @ - @ key , until she came up with the lyrics for " you are my everything . " while the rest of the song was written and recorded , carey recorded the chorus with her backup singers kelly rowland , shanrae ##l , and melonie daniels .instead , they created " a chorus of female vocals " in which she would sing with her signature female voice . the song has a strong beat , and its instrumentation was described as " simple and smooth r & b " which has a " simple and smooth groove . " " under the sun " was the first song recorded for carey . the song featured a " ' 70s soul beat " as well as the same production , in order to the give the song an authentic ' 70s feel . carey felt the lyrics were important and helped to help create a contemporary r & b sound . additionally , she felt the song paid homage to the work of minnie riperton , who was one of carey ' s biggest musical influences growing up . the song had a strong beat , and had " a lot [ of ] of melody " and melody , showing a more mature side to carey . for the song , carey recorded the 1982 pop song " open arms . " the song was of carey ' s own choice , as well as her own style . working with afanasieff , they toned down the song ' s production , making it a bit slower , especially in comparison to the " sexy and emotional ' one more time . ' " however , with the help of her backing singers , carey added a bit of pop to the song . one of the more vocal @ - @ inspired songs on the album was " i am alive . " the song was written by carey , afanasieff and loris holland , with whom she had worked previously on white christmas . carey began writing the song with the lyrics she had previously written , while holland played the piano and afanasieff worked on the song ' s arrangement . , giving the song a simple and smooth soul feel . the song was simple and melodic , with the vocal group " hanging onto one another , " something that would have been impossible for a " more experienced singer . " carey began moving away from the " classic celine dion sound " and more towards r & b music . however , she was not ready to completely abandon the type of music that made her famous . for this song , carey wrote " when i see you " with afanasieff , a song that would closely echo some of her previous songs , as well as show off her stronger vocals . returning to her r & b roots , carey wrote " long distance " , the first song she wrote with dupri and west which had a strong hip hop influence . her vocals on the song were described as" flows over the heavy bassline of silk . " " looking away " was a song carey wrote on her own , and co @ - @ club with babyface . the song ' s arrangement and production were " complex . " with each verse leading into the chorus . according to chris nickson , " under the rain " was as " slow as any other song written in the 1990s , and one that would add a lot of energy late at night with you . " another song that brought back memories of the times was " forever . " the guitar is heard during the chord progression and in the chorus the guitar riff " plays at the end of the song . " the song featured strong vocals from carey , as well as an upbeat melody . " the rain ( # ##water ##house mix ) " was one of the final tracks on the album . the song was a dance remix of " forever " , which was produced and remixed by american house music producer david foster . the song was intended to be a co @ - @ club hit , further emphasizing carey ' s " vocal range . " the remix took carey ' s vocals , and set them to a heavy club beat , something she would do for all of her subsequent albums . " looking away " was the final track on the album . it was carey ' s most personal song at the time , one in which she made herself feel " vulnerable " and " stripped down ; it was written by her and afanasieff . " according to author chris nickson : " [ the song ] focused on her personal experiences , the things she ' d been through , and the differences between the public image of mariah carey and the average person . emotional and emotional , it made an emotional contribution to the album , and was evidence that mariah was growing , changing , and becoming much more herself , because of who she was and what she could do . " = = critical consensus = = forever received critical acclaim at the time of its release . critics noted the drastic change of sound from previous carey albums , some of whom felt that it was her best album , while others viewed it as derivative and lack of substance . allmusic ' s senior editor , stephen thomas erlewine , gave the album four and a half out of five stars . erlewine called it her " best album , " and wrote , " mariah carey really knows how to make an impact . placing herself somewhere between mainstream r & b with tracks that" forever , " and the adult contemporary version . with songs like " one sweet day , " a collaboration with boyz ii men , carey appeals to all audiences , because of the sheer amount of energy and hard work she puts into her music . this is her best album to date , with a very strong collection of songs and a truly impressive performance from carey . it shows that carey continues to master her craft , and that she has found her place as an r & b / pop star . " in his review for the guardian , ken tucker from entertainment weekly called it " her best album since her 1990 debut " , writing , " in fact , it ' s probably the best album carey has put out since her hip @ - @ pop 1990 debut , the one that is noticeable for its impact on r & b music . " tucker also praised " one sweet day " , " always be my baby " , " forever " , and " fantasy interlude " ( fantasy sweet dub mix ) , writing " one sweet day , her collaboration with boyz ii men , has a certain charm that carey , for all the obvious hussiness of her public persona , never allows herself to express a word . i love the fast tempo of " always be my baby " , and the slow paced tempo of forever . however , it ' s in what many carey fans will undoubtedly call the most memorable track , " fantasy interlude ( fantasy sweet dub mix ) " , that the singer truly proves herself . at her best , as she is on this sweet , emotional album , carey is a true icon for the ' 90s , a worthy successor to trailblazing stars like donna summer and vicki ##e williams , r & b stars with an eye for the high road . " stephen holden , also of the new york times , gave the album a positive review . holden wrote the positive review , " ms . carey ' s songwriting has taken a step forward , becoming more accessible , melodic , and less dependent on the beats . " holden praised " fantasy " , which he wrote " with ' fantasy , ' ms . carey goes right into the place where hip @ - @ - @ @ - @ pop is pure hip @ - @ pop and contains some of the most beautifully orchestrated vocal arrangements to be found on a studio album . " additionally , he praised " one sweet day , " " vicki ##down , " " always be my baby " ,and " under the influence " , calling them " the best on the album " . billboard gave the album a positive review , calling it " her first and best album . " however , they praised the album and its songs , saying " carey improves on her solo debut because the music is both faster and softer . carey also has more control of her voice — her songs have more power and passion . she even brings it out a little more at times when it comes to vocals , especially on the midtempo ' fly away , ' which carey shares @ - @ ##s with babyface . for the most part she goes from strength to strength , from the low notes of ' one fine day , ' a duet with boyz ii men , to the soft soul ballads of ' i believe ... , ' which creates a sound so churchy you can almost hear the beatles ' # # ##hip . " although the album was positively received by critics , carey ' s cover of u2 ' s 1982 song " open arms " was heavily criticized . stephen thomas erlewine criticized the cover , calling it " second rate " . " open arms " received a negative review from stephen holden as well , who called it a " total mess " . = = chart position = = it entered the billboard 200 at number one , with 224 @ , @ 000 copies sold , debuting at the top . the following week with 216 @ , @ 000 copies sold , for the second consecutive week , carey topped the chart with 216 @ , @ 000 copies sold . it gained momentum again in the second week of album sales where it peaked in the chart ' s third week with 486 @ , @ 000 and 760 @ , @ 000 units , becoming the second . the album sold 760 @ , @ 000 units during the first half of 1995 , the album ' s highest sales week . it also reached number one on the r & b / pop @ - @ selling albums chart . it was the second best @ - @ selling album of 1996 , and the third best @ - @ selling album of the previous year in the us . in the united states , it was carey ' s best @ - @ selling album , being certified platinum by the riaa ( riaa ) , for shipments of one million copies . in canada , it debuted at number one on the chart , and was certified platinum @ - @ - certified by the canadian recording industry association ( cria ) . the album wasand in europe , where it reached number one in germany , the netherlands , belgium and the united kingdom . in france , it debuted at number one and was certified three @ - @ platinum by the syndicat national de l ' edition phonographique ( snep ) . sales in france were estimated at 800 @ , @ 000 copies . it was certified three @ - @ platinum by the international federation of the phonographic industry ( ifpi ) , indicating sales of three million copies in europe in 1996 . in australia , it was certified three @ - @ - platinum by the australian recording industry association ( aria ) , indicating sales of 350 @ , @ 000 copies . the album placed third on the aria end of year chart in both 1995 and 1996 . in japan , the album debuted at number one on the oricon charts . according to the oricon , it reached the top ten of the best @ - @ selling albums in 1995 by a single @ - @ selling single , with 1 @ . @ 5 million copies sold . it became one of the best @ - @ selling albums of all time , with sales of five million copies sold . = = = = = three singles were released from album . " fantasy " was released as the album ' s lead single on november 30 , 1995 . the song debuted at number one on the billboard hot 100 , making carey the youngest female artist , and the youngest artist , to achieve the feat . the song spent eight consecutive weeks atop the chart , as well as topping the charts in australia , canada and new zealand . in europe , " fantasy " performed well , peaking within the top ten in austria , belgium , germany , and the united kingdom . " fantasy " became the second best @ - @ selling single of 1995 in the uk , with sales of 1 @ . @ 5 million ' s ' s . " one more time " was released as the third @ - @ selling single , achieving commercial success . the song once again debuted at the top of the billboard charts , and became the longest running number one single in billboard history , spending eight consecutive weeks atop the billboard charts . the song was a success in other parts of the world as well , topping the charts in australia and new zealand and peaking within the top ten in australia , canada , germany , and the netherlands . released as the album ' s second single in most european countries , " open arms " was released on december 10 , 1995 . the song achieved success in the uk , ireland andnew zealand , where it peaked at numbers five , seven and eight . however , " open arms " performed well in other european countries , such as germany , france , and italy , where it peaked within the top @ - @ thirty . " always be my baby " was released as the fourth single . the song peaked at number three on the hot 100 , managing to become carey ' s first number one single ( a feat she would repeat with " forever " in 1997 ) . the song later returned and remained on the chart for three weeks , and then held it at number one for two weeks . " always be my baby " performed well in most european countries . the song peaked within the top ten in australia , new zealand and the netherlands , but peaked outside the top @ - @ thirty chart . " forever " was released as the fifth single from forever . the song was unable to chart on the hot 100 , but managed to reach the top @ - @ thirty on the hot 100 airplay chart . " forever " performed well in australia , where it peaked at number four . " underneath the stars " was released as the fifth and final single from the album . cited by carey as one of her signature songs , " underneath the stars " saw a large amount of airplay in the us , where it performed well on the billboard hot r & b / hip @ - @ 100 chart . = = = = = in order to promote the album , carey embarked on her 1996 world @ - @ 100 tour . initially , she had not wanted to go , due to the long running time and logistics ; however , after many requests from fans , carey agreed to go . the tour included australia and several european countries , not including the united states . this was largely due to the poor response carey ' s 1993 great american music hall tour received two years earlier . the concerts were two weeks long , giving carey time to change her mind , " it ' s really hard to play all my songs back to back , but i ' m still really looking forward to it . " several musicians joined carey for the tour , including michael jackson who served as the musical director and played the piano , dan shea on the guitar , vernon reid on the drums , gigi conway on the bass , and keyboard and drum programming by george clinton and john cirimelli . most of the backing and lead singers were under the direction of walter afanasieff , who played the piano and oversaw the arrangements . before going on her world tour in 1996 , carey worked at head @- @ the dome at madison square garden in 1995 . the concert was filmed , and released as a dvd titled live : mariah carey at madison square garden . it was carey ' s first dvd release . when the first two shows at the tokyo dome went on sale , carey set a record with all the @ , @ 000 tickets sold in under 24 hours . the tickets had the highest sales in the venue ' s history , breaking the previous record held by the rolling stones . the shows in japan were a critical and commercial success , with critics and fans enthusiastic about the music and carey ' s performance . carey ' s success in japan in the 1990s was comparable to no other pop artist . her international success and popularity were often compared to the " beatlemania " of the 1990s . in an interview with mtv , carey spoke of how she enjoyed performing in japan : " first of all , you ' re in front of so many people that they don ' t understand your music . it takes a little getting used to , but i think by the end of the tour , you know , everybody started to kind of understand . " for the tour , carey performed many popular songs , including some of her biggest hits up until that point , as well as several songs from albums . they included " fantasy , " " one more time , " " open letter , " " you be my baby , " " butterfly " and " under the influence " as well as songs from her previous three albums . carey ' s subsequent shows in france , germany , the netherlands and the united kingdom were all rated @ - @ , as well , to positive critical acclaim . during the time of the tour ' s relatively short run , carey had already begun working on material for her second album fantasy . according to author paul shapiro , carey ' s japanese tour was " a success , in many ways : " the european tour reflected the success of her shows in japan . mariah ' s performances there were positive experiences for the singer . the mass – media , and – of her concerts in these countries reached unprecedented proportions . the attention the tour received reflected the fact that mariah ' s voice broke through social and cultural barriers and had created " a warm , friendly atmosphere with " . the tour reflected the fact that mariah carey had emerged as the " queen of the world tour . " in addition to touring the world , carey appeared on a number of television shows and radio shows . after " fantasy " was released in 1995 in japan , carey performed the songon the popular british television show top of the pops , which aired live via satellite on british television . carey performed " fantasy " in 1996 and at the 23rd annual american music awards on november 21 , 1996 . " one sweet day " was performed at the 24th annual grammy awards , princess diana ' s memorial concert in february 1997 , and on carey ' s blockbuster entertainment awards television special in 2001 . during her european promotional tour for the album , carey performed " love letter " on several television shows , including wetten , . . . ? in germany , top of the pops and des o ' connor in the united kingdom and on asian television . = = awards and nominations = = the music press took notice of carey ' s success . she won two awards at the 1996 american music awards for her debut album : favorite pop / rock female artist and favorite pop / r & b female artist . in 1995 & 1996 , carey was awarded five major awards at the american music awards , including " world ' s best selling female r & b artist " , " world ' s best selling pop male recording artist , " " world ' s best selling female artist " and " world ' s best selling female recording artist . " additionally , " fantasy " was awarded " song of the year " at the brit awards and " best song " at the blockbuster entertainment awards , where carey also won the award for " best pop song . " in 1996 , carey won several awards at the american music awards , including " hot 100 female artist of the year " , " hot radio airplay ( please be my baby ) , " " hot adult contemporary song of the year " and " grammy award for consecutive weeks at # 1 for ' one sweet day . ' " = = = grammy award = = = fantasy had proven to be one of the best @ - @ selling and critically acclaimed albums of 1995 . when the grammy award winners were announced , and carey was nominated for the award categories , many began wondering how carey would be " called up " that year . the 24th annual grammy awards were held on february 24 , 1996 at the shrine auditorium in los angeles . carey , as a grammy award nominee , was one of the winning acts . along with boyz ii men , she performed a live rendition of " one sweet day , " to a very positive reception . however , as the award winners were announced one by one , carey , as her act was not called up even once . it only won five of its six awards , and the critics who considered it the" video of the year " . with each passing moment , the television cameras began to focus on carey ' s face , which was finding it increasingly difficult to maintain her composure . by the end of the ceremony , carey had not won a single award . the strain on her face was clearly evident . although carey was nominated again the following year , she did not win again until the 2006 ceremony , when she was nominated for five awards ( winning four ) for the emancipation of mimi . = = = video = = carey directed the music video for " fantasy " . initially , she wrote the song and conceived the video . the video featured carey wearing the @ - @ blades , blading in the various @ - @ blades , while riding on cars and roller coaster . the video then transitioned into scenes of carey standing on top of a car , celebrating the win with her fans . carey said her goal for the video was to give carey a " free and happy spirit , " and to celebrate the freedom she had just gained by being able to shoot her music video . the video for " fantasy " premiered on february 22 , at the " mtv video music awards . " carey expressed how much she enjoyed the video ' s concept , speaking of the " amazing @ - @ blades scene " : " they did not want me to take that picture ! they were like , ' how ' s she going to get on a roller coaster ? . . . we put the video camera on the top of the car , where my feet where . we put the camera in front of the roller coaster and the camera kept going down ! " when carey and boyz ii men got together to record " one sweet day , " they didn ' t have the budget to make @ - @ blades and shoot the video . for this reason , a film crew was used during the song ' s recording , and filmed scenes of carey and boyz performing the song . in an interview with fred bronson , walter afanasieff made the following statement about the filming for " one sweet day " : " it was amazing ! they have these crews and these guys , and i ' m in the @ ##room to talk . and these guys are sitting around in a room , because mariah and them are laughing and talking and they ' re being funny . and i ' m tapping them on the shoulder . " we ' ve got to get to the bathroom ! " they ' re there for a couple of minutes , and i watched everything they did , knowing that it was real . " the video for "" be my baby " was once again performed by carey . it features carey sitting on a chair in the middle of a tropical forest , and her walking through the forest . the video was described as a " peaceful and serene " setting , in order to attempt to capture the peaceful and serene song ' s mood . " forever " , the album ' s second single , was the first single to be accompanied by a music video . carey ' s manager took footage from her live performances of the song in new york city and paris and incorporated them into the video . on march 17 , 2012 , carey announced on her twitter account that a music video for " under the influence " was being filmed . filming also occurred in mexico and spain ; carey stated , however , that she " just got there and i don ' t know where it is ! " = = track listing = = = track listing and credits from digital spy . " forever " contains a sample of " summer of love " by tom tom club . = = sample credits = = = = singles = = = = singles = =