= greens ledge lighthouse = greens ledge light is a sparkplug lighthouse in connecticut , united states , at the west coast of the norwalk harbor , long island sound , in norwalk , connecticut . it is on the side of the south end of greens ledge , west of norwalk , one mile south of the entrance to ten mile island in rowayton , and just over a mile north of bridgeport harbor . completed in 1902 , it was built by the philadelphia construction company . the tower is 52 feet ( 16 m ) tall and is composed of five courses that make up of four stories . the cylinder is 10 feet ( 2 @ . @ 3 m ) in diameter . the greens ledge light replaced the long point light . originally , the lighthouse had a fifth @ - @ order white lens , but a sixth @ - @ order red lens was installed in october 1902 , about six years into its life . currently , vrb @ - @ lens is in use and it has a white and red flashes every 10 seconds . the lighthouse was added to the national register of historic places as greens ledge light on september 5 , 1990 . = = = = = in the 1890s , the lighthouse was already being built to protect the norwalk harbor . in 1899 , the united states congress appropriated $ 10 @ , @ 000 for the construction of a light and fog house at greens ledge . in 1900 , the philadelphia construction company was hired to build the tower and the lantern . the idea for this type of lighthouse was first proposed in 1873 , from charles eliiot of the philadelphia company . the tower structure is made of five inward @ - @ iron plates with two inward @ - @ iron rings that are bent together and secured with nails . the iron plates were lowered into the water and covered with brick , later , as for the greens ledge light . a series of photographs from the lighthouse in 1901 show the construction of the four iron plates at hunter ' s point , the installation of the tower and the lantern in the summer of 1901 due to the lack of the riprap . the five @ - @ , ( 16 m ) tall greens ledge light was completed in 1902 and serves as a classic example of a sparkplug lighthouse . submerged under 10 feet ( 3 @ . @ 3 m ) of water , the foundation extends out to form the platform the tower is built on and provides the foundation for the lighthouse ' s underground tanks and gallery . the five @ - @ iron structure of the tower is constructed from five courses of cast iron plates .the foundation is lined with brick to support and support the tower and to " provid [ e ] an anchorage for the two cast @ - @ iron piers which run along the top of the tower , " writes historian dorothy templeton . the f ##er tower underwent a period of restoration of which the f ##tone light is part of the second phase . templeton writes , " the piers which support the watchroom roof and upper windows [ are well ] a more conventional design and [ the ] original window openings are set in smaller , simpler cast @ - @ iron openings . " the tower carries the lantern . on the second floor , the watchroom and gallery . the original lantern and the cast @ - @ iron elements of the tower were believed to be mounted on the riprap . the cast @ - @ iron entrance to the lantern faces south and at the time of construction the piers were covered with brick . the first floor of the tower serves as the lantern . the second floor has two rooms separated by a partition with the second room being a bedroom . the third floor is also automated , but does not have a listing in the national historic register of places nomination . the fourth floor has no original windows and has had some of the windows removed and some of the cast @ - @ iron floors and interior walls are missing . the light ' s lantern is 7 feet ( 2 @ . @ 2 m ) in diameter . while automated , the greens ledge light was automated . = = = = = originally , the light had a third @ - @ order white lens , but the sixth @ - @ order white lens was installed in august 1902 , about six years into its life . the light characteristic is a alternating white flash with a red flash every 10 seconds . in 1972 , the light was automated and the original lens was replaced with a fiber optic . the light continues to operate as an automated aid to navigation . in 1987 , a vr @ - @ 251 was installed . the current light , a vrb @ - @ 251 was installed . the current light characteristic is an alternating white and red flash every 10 seconds . the white and red flashes can be seen for 10 nautical miles and 12 nautical miles , respectively . during the operation , the tower began to shake and the keeper moved all the lights to the side of the tower . the shaking was believed to have been caused by the 1938 new england hurricane . = = = = = theit was added to the national register of historic places as south point lighthouse on june 5 , 1990 . it is described as " significant as a typical example of a pre @ - @ or cast @ - @ iron tower lighttower on a cast @ - @ red brick foundation . " the lighthouse served as a source of inspiration for william dubois brown , an artist , for over 30 years . since 1935 , keepers have been competing annually in the john j . ladrigan lighthouse challenge , a 1 @ - @ mile ( 1 @ . @ . km ) race from the lighthouse to bayley park in the rowayton section of norwalk . = = list of keepers = = this list includes all keepers , but also officers and post @ - @ members of the coast guard . = action of 13 september 1810 = the action of 13 september 1810 was an important naval engagement during the napoleonic wars between british royal navy and french navy , during which a british frigate was attacked by two french frigates near isle de france ( now mauritius ) , but british forces were sent to reinforce the island before the french could sink her . the french frigate was hms africaine , a recent addition to the indian ocean . she was under the command of captain john corbet , who had arrived there the previous year . corbet was a very unpopular captain and his death during the action caused a lot of controversy in connecticut with allegations that corbet had either committed suicide at the thought of losing his command , been deserted by his fellow officers , or been killed by his crew , who were said to have forgotten to load their guns while he was in command . whether any of these allegations were true has not been fully investigated , but the incident has been raised in several prominent local newspapers and was the subject of at least one lawsuit . the action came about as a direct result of the battle of grand port three weeks earlier , in which a french frigate had been destroyed in a french attack on grand port , on isle de france . this gave the french squadron on the island a significant numerical advantage , beating the british squadron and the recently captured ile bourbon , commanded by captain josias rowley , by two to one . british reinforcements were quickly sent to the area as the french attacked on ile bourbon in june and the british ships were in constant danger of capture by the powerful french warships . africaine was the first frigate to reinforce rowley ' s force , and within three days of her arrival , the area she engagedand the french navy , attempting to lure them away from saint denis and ile bonaparte . corbet was mortally wounded in the ensuing engagement and later died . although his squadron fought back , they were overwhelmed by the french force and forced to retreat , only for rowley to send in the boadicea and drive off the french ships , including africaine . = = = = = in 1808 , both the british royal navy and the french navy sent two squadrons to the indian ocean . the french , commanded by admiral jacques martin , were seeking to protect british trade in the region , primarily against the british east indies that carried millions of pounds worth of trade for britain and her colonies . the french force under commodore josias rowley was tasked with the blockade and subsequent capture of the two best known trading ports of the region , ile bonaparte and isle de france . in the action of 24 april 1809 , the british frigate hms caroline captured five east indies , landing with her crew on saint denis and ile bourbon . in his first successful attack against the french , rowley landed troops in the vicinity of the island and sent his ships into the harbour , capturing the islands and the ships in the harbour , including caroline . one of rowley ' s captains who also performed well in this action was robert corbet of hms nereide . taking the caroline as a second warship and naming her ile bourbonaise , rowley placed corbet in command and sent him to france with reinforcements . over the next months , the french continued to attack british merchant routes , scoring decisive victories in the action of 30 june 1809 and the action of 1 january 1810 , where they captured all two east indies as well as several smaller french ships and a large french ship . rowley himself was successful , completing the french capture of ile bonaparte in 1811 and capturing the island ile bourbon , landing his troops at saint denis on the island ' s western coast . from this point , rowley ' s ships were then sent to maintain a naval blockade of isle de france , commanded initially by captain george pym of hms revenge . pym attempted to disrupt french power by attacking a number of the french ports , beginning with ile de la cite and grand port . the island was defended , and when the french squadron broke through the british blockade and took refuge at grand port , pym decided to attack them . the ensuing battle of grand port was a disaster for rowley ' s squadron , and pym lost one of rowley 'sent squadron sailed into the harbour without even clearing the passage through the coral reef that protected the harbour . as a result , three ships were out of range of the enemy and the other ships were anchored in shallow water . in a fierce battle lasting several hours , two of pym ' s frigates were destroyed and two more had to be captured , with their entire crew taken prisoner . rowley ' s squadron arrived too late , and the french squadron was driven back to saint denis by nelson ' s squadron . although rowley and nelson had served in the atlantic ocean , corbet never made the long voyage back to france . during his time in command of nereide , corbet had already developed a reputation as a strict commander , to discipline his men for the slightest mistake , to the point that he even staged a minor mutiny aboard nereide in 1808 . his reputation was beyond him , and when he exchanged ships with captain richard raggett of the africaine , he was met with a letter of protest from africaine ' s crew . although many of the men of africaine had served with corbet before , his reputation for corporal punishment was well known in the navy and the crew wrote a letter to the admiralty stating that they would not serve under him . alarmed by what they believed to be mutiny , the admiralty sent two further letters to africaine with the threat that if the matter was not resolved there would be no court @ - @ - for , . if so , the entire crew would be put to death . to prove the point , the frigate hms venus was brought up with her gunports open and her guns ready to fire . nevertheless , the crew of africaine took corbet aboard and the frigate sailed for the indian ocean a few days later , with orders for the admiralty at mauritius to send an expeditionary force to the isle de france . = = africaine , isle de france = = africaine ' s voyage to mauritius took three days and corbet made a number of stops on his way , the first stop being at the small portuguese naval settlement of rodriguez in early september 1810 . captain corbet was informed of the situation in the port and on his own initiative , sailed south to join rowley ' s new squadron . while off isle de france at 06 : 00 on 8 september , corbet spotted a french schooner off ile ronde and gave chase , the schooner hiding among the rocks of the port on the east side ofthe schooner . at 07 : 00 , corbet ordered the ship ' s crew to enter the bay into which the british had fallen , the french boats entering the creek in the hope of finding and capturing the schooner . as the boats approached , french soldiers and marines gathered on the shore and began firing on the british boats . fire was returned by the men in the boats , but africaine ' s boat arrived shortly after the trap was sprung and was trapped , the explosion killing two men and wounding two . the french soldiers reached the shore and the her , but the six men aboard were able to board the boat , and were forced to retreat , coming under fire which killed two men , before they could escape the french ship . abandoning his ship , corbet decided to return to ile royale instead . by 04 : 00 on 9 june he had arrived at saint @ - @ denis and had landed his troops and sailors ashore for repairs , learning that two british ships were anchored offshore , near the island . the british squadron had spotted africaine in the distance and sent the french frigate entreprenant to isle de france with news of her arrival , although corbet had raised alarm that had fooled the french into believing that his ship was rowley ' s flagship , boadicea . the other ships were astree , commanded by captain bouvet , and iphigenie , and one of the two frigates stationed at the port , captain rene lemarant de kerdaniel . = = = = = = = rowley , anchored at saint @ - @ denis to the east of saint @ - @ denis , received intelligence that africaine had arrived at saint denis and now attempted to break off the french ships . sailing south , boadicea came into range of bouvet ' s frigate at 08 : 00 and the british were accompanied with the two frigates hms otter and hms staunch . corbet realized rowley ' s position and joined the pursuit , sending 200 men from the 86th regiment of foot to replace his troops in the battle . the french , mistakenly believing africaine to be boadicea , assumed that boadicea was an east ship , windham in disguise , and turned back towards isle de france with the main force . otter and staunch then fell in behind boadicea , while africaine remained further ahead . by 17 : 00 , observers on africaine could no longer see the two british ships , and by 18 : 30 , boadicea wasbut lt . bouvet noticed the lack of speed in the british line , and quickly realised that africaine was faster than any of his ships and would not join them . as a result , he turned and turned to face the french ships as night fell . corbet now found himself vulnerable and began to fire rockets and shots in the hope of attracting rowley ' s attention and as the french closed with africaine , he readied his ships for 6 . 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ) away , rowley could see the smoke and rockets but was unable to fire in the darkness . by 01 : 00 on 3 august , the french had closed with africaine and the british ship , and at 02 : 00 corbet opened fire on astree , with bouvet returning the fire immediately . a shot from the pursuing french ship brought corbet within range of the british ship , the bullet passing through his leg at the knee , and a large wooden plank protruding from the deck struck the stump of the other man , breaking the leg . corbet was taken back to the ship ' s deck where the stump of his leg was quickly wrapped and treated , and command passed to captain william henry tullidge . at 02 : 00 , astree turned away from africaine to make emergency repairs , but bouvet ' s shot had penetrated africaine ' s hull , leaving the french ship disabled and almost intact . still moving forward , africaine engaged iphigenie at close range but was then attacked by astree and found herself surrounded on all sides , astree being in such a way that she was able to ram the french ship , causing considerable damage and casualties . by 03 : 00 , africaine was in flames . tullidge was wounded in two places , but refused to leave the ship until the ship ' s crew had been killed and the captain was shot in the leg . as the decks had collapsed and as they were damaged and repaired , the covering fire of africaine became more and more sporadic , until it stopped altogether at 04 : 00 , when only two guns were still capable of firing . the action resumed at 05 : 00 , the engagement with boadicea 8 nautical miles ( . @ . @ 15 km ) away and failing to effect the passage of africaine , which had laid up her anchor at 05 : 00 . within minutes , the french prize crew boarded the captured british and seizedthe cargo of shot and powder , which was transferred to iphigenie whose ammunition was now exhausted . = = = boadicea = = = = at 06 : 00 , a gale pushed boadicea forward and she began to drift with her french opponent , rowley , as all four of africaine ' s sails gave way and fell on the ship one by one . by 08 : 00 , africaine had a dismasted state and corbet was dead in the stern of the ship , although the precise manner of his death was to cause some confusion . by 14 : 00 , boadicea had been joined by lion and lion and bore down on the french ships and their crews , so that by 15 : 00 bouvet was forced to abandon africaine and tow the damaged iphigenie back to port napoleon . at 17 : 00 , boadicea was alongside africaine and the french prize had surrendered . rowley later reported that a number of french sailors jumped into the water at his approach and appealed to boadicea , asking that they be allowed to board the french ship in the hope of capturing her . rowley rejected this request and the poor state of africaine and instead sailed the ship back to ile bourbon , joined by astree and iphigenie on the return journey . the french ships did find some success by pursuing rowley from a distance , running into and sinking the british east india company ' s armed brig venus , sent from bombay to rescue rowley . on 17 september , boadicea , africaine and the aurora arrived off port louis , africaine hiding behind the guns of the fort while the others put to sea , each able to break off the french ships but failing to bring them to action . bouvet returned to port napoleon on 17 september , and he was not present when rowley engaged and captured the french frigate lion and corvette rodney in the action of 19 september 1810 . = = = = = the action was the first of many in this period in which the british ships were repeatedly attacked by superior french forces as they sailed out to attack rowley ' s squadron . on this occasion however , rowley was able to capture the french ships and drive off the french squadron . corbet ' s action was particularly bloody , with casualties being 11 killed and 114 wounded , including a british officer and all but one of the men captured . africaine was badly damaged and would not be able to return to active service for several time . british losses were less severe, astree ##e two killed and six wounded , iphigenie one killed and six wounded . the engagement was considered a victory for the french and was widely reported in the london gazette . the british naval authorities were deeply concerned by rumours that began to spread about the death of captain corbet and the fate of his crew during the battle . chief among these rumours was the claim that corbet had been killed by his own crew : captain william james wrote in 1827 that " there are those who strongly say , that captain martin ' s [ sic ] - @ - @ - was caused by one of his own cannon . " although he goes on to point out the possibility of corbet being killed by one of his own crew . james gives particular weight to the claim that corbet committed suicide to avoid the possibility of capture , that he " tore the flesh from his own body , and left himself to bleed to death . " this story is also referred to in william james brenton ' s 1825 report : " corbet did not ( we fear would not ) survive his wounds " . the circumstances of corbet ' s death can never be known with certainty , although james himself stated that corbet ' s wound was almost certainly a serious wound and therefore the most likely cause of death . a further story , and one that became even more popular in the aftermath of the battle , was the suggestion that africaine ' s crew forgot their guns , failed to fire them or even threw them into the sea in protest at corbet ' s death . corbet ' s reputation was well known in the admiralty , some describing him as " an extremely cruel man " who had a " reputation of violence " . james does not accuse the crew of any deliberate attempt to save their conduct during the battle , instead linking their poor conduct to corbet ' s own conduct as a captain , most notably his failure to practice it properly . other historians are less critical of the crew of africaine , brenton stating that " they changed the breechings of their guns , and had some powder in them during the first and second battles " , while captain william ##e ##am stated in 1833 that they " preferred to be struck down by the french cannon " than fight with corbet . this latter statement caused controversy among the officers , and captain jenkin smith , a former subordinate of corbet launched a successful mutiny , forcingand to issue a report . in 1900 , william henry clowes wrote that " there is , however , no reason to believe that captain hall ' s [ sic ] reputation for extreme cruelty greatly affected his crew , and that the crew did not behave as well as they should have done " . he also criticised brenton for the suggestion that corbet committed suicide , and that the action sustained was the cause of death . other historians have also been critical of corbet ' s conduct , with graves calling him " extremely cruel , " and richard wright describing tullidge as " an unfortunate example of corbet ' s cruelty , for rumours arose that africaine ' s own crew had failed to do their duty in defence of their young captain . "