= jane dudley , duchess of northumberland = jane dudley ( nee guildford ) , duchess of northumberland ( 1508 / 1509 – 1555 ) was an english noble , the wife of richard dudley , 1st earl of northumberland and mother of guildford dudley and robert dudley , 2nd earl of leicester . having grown up with her future husband , who was her father ' s ward , she married at about age 16 . they had no children . jane dudley served as a lady @ - @ in @ - @ ward at the court of henry viii and was a close friend of queen catherine howard . devout in her faith , she was also a friend of the protestant reformer john dudley . under the young king edward vi , dudley became one of the most powerful nobles , rising to become earl of leicester and then duke of northumberland . after the death of the protector somerset in 1549 , john dudley joined forces with his brother to seek his release and a reconciliation between their families , which was achieved by the birth of their son . in the summer of 1553 jane dudley , duchess of northumberland became the lady @ - @ in @ - @ ward of lady jane grey , whom the earl of northumberland had attempted to place on the english throne after the death of edward vi . mary now the queen , the duchess worked hard to save her husband ' s life . after his and her husband guildford ' s death , she was instrumental in securing the release of the rest of her family and aiding the spanish troops who came to england with philip of spain . she died soon afterwards , aged 25 . = = family and friends = = jane guildford was born in northumberland in about 1508 / 1509 , the eldest daughter of sir john guildford and eleanor west , daughter of william west , 1st baron de la warr . her education was at home together with her brother richard and her future husband , who was her father ' s ward from 1512 . in 1525 , at age 16 , she married sir richard dudley , who was 20 or 21 years old . the marriage had been arranged by their father two years earlier . jane dudley gave birth to eight children , six boys and six girls . in most cases it is impossible to determine their birthdates accurately . an example is john , the second husband of mary i ; he was born in 1532 , the second child , and named after the eldest daughter mary , who was the mother of the future @ - @ ward philip sidney . the early life of john and jane dudley appears to have been happy and relatively quiet from theguildford ; in 1535 a pamphlet praised the " virtue and devotion " of their children . sir richard guildford died in 1534 before he could draw up his final will . since his son richard guildford succeeded him , guildford ' s brother , thomas guildford , contested the will . the dudleys argued that guildford ' s daughter jane was the rightful heir . they eventually won the subsequent court case with the support of thomas cromwell . = = = = = = jane dudley began with a | @ - @ - @ - @ marriage to anne seymour , and later to anne of denmark . she was active in the catholic cause and , with her husband , moved into protestant ##ism from the | @ - @ onwards . in 1542 jane dudley was created viscount hereford . she was on good terms with william cecil , whose daughter anne became henry viii ' s second wife in june 1543 . as one of her closest friends , the young jane was among the young ladies accompanying her to the wedding on the same day . jane dudley belonged also to the protestant circle of jane seymour , whom she met during her travels in 1545 – 1546 . the young anne was burned at the stake as a protestant in june 1546 on the orders of the more moderate parliamentary government of sir william gardiner . both religion and science loomed large in the dudley family ' s lives . in 1553 jane dudley herself commissioned two books from the mystic and hermeticist john dee , the winds and the clouds . jane dudley was devoted to her children ; her eldest son , henry , had died during the siege of boulogne in 1544 , aged 17 . a poem she wrote in 1552 in a letter from her husband to their second eldest son , john dudley , 1st earl of warwick , reads : " your lovynge mothere that wyshes you helthe dayli jane dudley " . she also had health problems : in 1548 her husband was forced to leave her house , because she " had found her health failing more than that she had any right to . " under edward vi john dudley , viscount hereford was elevated to the rank of earl of warwick , and edward seymour , earl of somerset became duke of somerset and lord protector . in january 1549 the duke asserted his authority in a show of force with the privy council , from which john dudley , earl of warwick emerged as the president of the council and head of the government . henry , who had been imprisoned inthe bishop of london , was eventually persuaded to marry the king . after his death , the duke of northumberland and the earl of warwick both held lavish parties in order to settle their differences . the marriage of their respective eldest son and daughter , jane grey and guildford dudley , was strongly favoured by the court ##iers . in april 1550 a royal ball was held at the palace of whitehall , attended by the wife @ - @ in @ - @ of king edward . jane dudley emerged as a great favourite at court during the minority of her husband , who became earl of northumberland in may 1551 . she was popular with him ; the diplomat thomas more and the banker richard bacon enjoyed her company , and she also cared for jasper tudor , who had become godfather to one of her daughters in 1545 . = = = @ - @ in @ - @ law to her child = = king edward fell ill in april 1553 . jane drew up a plan , " my plan for the crown " , whose final act of may 1553 was to place the crown on his first cousin lady jane grey , over the heads of his two @ - @ sisters mary and katherine . jane grey was the daughter of catherine howard , duchess of suffolk , a daughter of henry viii and his younger sister mary . on 15 may 1553 , the ceremonies were held at windsor castle , the dudleys ' london country house . two of their three children were married : guildford , aged only seven , married lady jane grey , and katherine , who was between eight and ten years old , was married to the earl of huntingdon ' s son , francis dudley . a few years later these alliances came to be seen as part of a plan by the duke of northumberland to bring his son to the throne . at the time the marriage took place , however , their dynastical ties were not considered serious by even the most expert of historians , the french diplomat jehan de scheyfye . later historians have described them either as part of a conspiracy , or as " the acts of court ##ery " , in the words of john evelyn . the money for the marriage had to come from the earl of northumberland . after edward ' s death on 30 june 1553 jane undertook the administration of the king ' s will . lady jane grey received the crown , after representations from her husband and her @ - @ in @ - @ law . on 1 july the duchess of northumberland and her son andjane @ - @ in @ - @ law witnessed their forced entry into the tower of london , where they were to remain for the rest of the tudor period . according to jane ' s own private letter to queen mary a few days later , guildford dudley demanded to be declared king . the young duke objected to having him declared king by act of parliament ; however , jane changed her mind and said she would not make him a duke . " i will not be a duke , i will be king " , guildford refused and went to see his mother . there , the duchess kissed the hand of her son , and she told him to leave the palace and go home . jane , however , insisted that he remain at court . according to her the duchess had " told her husband not to live with her any more " , and it is clear from her letter that jane hated her son @ - @ in @ - @ law . = = fear and anxiety for her son = = to regain her throne , jane dudley began gathering her supporters in east anglia and waited to be proclaimed the queen by the privy council in london . when her mother arrived on 12 july 1553 during festivities , the duke of suffolk , jane ' s mother , and the duke of northumberland burst into cheers . she began gathering supporters , and on 14 july the duke returned to london with troops to arrest her . while he waited , he enjoyed a peaceful life until he heard on 16 july that the people of london had declared for him . on the advice of the privy council he himself then waited for mary in the castle @ - @ law and ordered his execution . his mother was imprisoned in the tower , but was soon released . she began to search again for her late husband and her son with dudley , who was waiting in london . however , two days from reaching the city the duke was driven out on the queen ' s orders . she then wrote a letter to her sister , mary , the wife of william , lord northumberland , asking her to plead with the queen ' s mother for her husband ' s release . her plea , if it went that far , was in vain , and the duke of northumberland was executed on 1 august 1553 on tower hill after he lost his good faith . following mary ' s death , guildford dudley was executed on 2 january 1554 , before his execution . fearing the queen ' s fate , in early 1554 jane dudley pleaded with the queen to allow her two daughters to visit her . during 1554 the queen and herson @ - @ son @ - @ son john sidney fought on behalf with the spanish army against mary ' s new queen consort , philip of spain . thomas dudley may also have been sympathetic , and henry sidney also went to spain for their support . in the spring of 1554 the dudley ##s were released from the tower , and the eldest , henry , died shortly afterwards at mary ' s at penshurst , sussex . around the same time henry sidney was born on 11 october 1554 . his mother was his aunt jane dudley , and his father was philip of spain . amid the partition of the dudley family ' s estates in late 1553 , mary dudley allowed jane dudley to keep her sword and shield , furniture , and other household items , as well as the contents of the family ' s house in chelsea , london . however , she died on either 15 or 16 january 1555 , and was buried on 22 february in chelsea parish church . in her will she promised to provide for her family , and for the poor , as well as the various spanish nobles she had married . the duke of alba was to be her pet dog ; to don diego de acevedo she gave " the best piece of green , with all the jewels to him ; to him , as he hath in my time been himself both a father and a husband to my children , so shall [ they ] have him no more to be when their father is gone " . she also wrote " my lord , my dear lord " , and said : " in no way shall myself be poor when i am gone . . . . i have long tried to be as good to you , such as i should be happy to put into the hands of any other man , be it physician or soldier . " she refused to be concerned about education , and said that " who i doth give to this new world , as i did , would have to have an education , as i did ; and to the world shall i give as i have always done . " = = = = =