= elgin cathedral = elgin cathedral is a medieval cathedral in elgin , angus , scotland @ - @ . [UNK] . the cathedral — dedicated to the holy trinity — was built in 1224 on land granted by king david i to the town of elgin and close to the river lossie . it replaced the cathedral at spynie , 4 kilometres ( 2 @ . @ . [UNK] ) to the east , that was staffed by a small community of eight canons . the new and enlarged cathedral was founded with 16 canons in 1226 and had increased to 30 by 1242 . following a major fire in 1270 , a rebuilding programme greatly expanded the cathedral . it was spared during the wars of scottish independence but again suffered serious fire damage in 1390 following an attack by david ii ' s son robert stewart , earl of buchan , also known as the earl of badenoch . in 1402 the cathedral once again suffered an arson attack by the forces of the lord of the isles . the number of canons required to maintain the cathedral continued to grow , as did the number of workers required to maintain the cathedral and choir . the number of workers had increased to 150 by the time of the scottish reformation in 1560 , when the cathedral was closed and its services transferred to elgin ' s parish church of st giles . after the discovery of the plaster that covered the walls in 1567 , the cathedral gradually fell into disrepair . further decay was arrested in the 17th century , by which time the cathedral was in a very poor state . the cathedral went through years of expansion and rebuilding following the fires of 1270 and 1390 that saw the reduction in height of the nave , the addition of side aisles to the western and southern walls of both the nave and choir . today , these aisles are at full height in some and at ground level in others . the original floor plan is still visible . the still extant medieval chapter house dates from the later rebuilding following the fire of 1270 . the wooden roof over the north chancel arch that connects the south aisle is not original and was added after the fire of 1390 . it contains a medieval portal , that now only contains some stones , and part of a late gothic window . tombs and open graves in the aisles and in the southern wall of the nave contain tombs of bishops and dignitaries , and some standing stones in the surrounding walls @ - @ the walls of the nave mark the location of the graves . the tombs of the clergy and bishops ,and ##kney , were in the chanonry and were destroyed by fire on three occasions : in 1270 , 1390 and 1402 . the two parts of the west tower are still intact and were part of the first phase of construction . only the bishop ' s palace is still standing ; the others have been incorporated into other buildings . a curtain wall of large stones surrounded the cathedral church , but only a small portion has survived . the cathedral had three entrance gates , one of which — the north gate — still stands . = = = cathedral church of elgin = = the diocese of elgin was a territorial division of the pre @ - @ - diocese of the scottish capital , st andrews , which had developed from a small rural , rural diocese and its many parishes . it is unclear whether there were bishops of elgin before c . 1120 . the first known bishop — was later translated to dunkeld — by gregory ( or gregoir ) . he was a bishop in name only , with the first known being bishop richard of elgin . he was a signatory to the foundation charter of elgin priory , granted by david i ( alaxandair mac mail choluim ) between december 1123 and january 1124 , and also to a charter confirming the ecclesiastical status of the new priory . he is mentioned for the first time when he witnessed a charter granted by david i to dunfermline abbey in c . 1128 . after the defeat of robert of bruce ' s forces in 1130 , king david may have seen the continued presence of bishops in scotland as essential to the survival of the diocese . these new bishops found no suitable site for their cathedral , and built churches variously on the sites of birnie , kinneddar and spynie . pope innocent iii issued an apostolic bull on 6 march 1206 that allowed bishop bricius of elgin to build his cathedral church at spynie — the consecration was held between spring 1207 and autumn 1208 . a chapter of four canons and two lay canons was established and based its structure on that of the cathedral . elgin became the principal seat of the diocese under david i , who had built the first castle in the diocese , and it may have been this castle , with the promise of military protection , that prompted bricius , at christmas 1216 , to ask the king to move the cathedral from spynie . = = cathedral church of elgin = = despite bricius ' s successful request , it was not until andreas of paris 'the pope that succeeded honorius iii in his bull on 18 april 1224 directed his successors william of keith , bishop of caithness , william , bishop of kinloss and john , bishop of ross to examine the feasibility of transferring the see to elgin . the bishop of caithness and the dean of ross attended the consecration ceremony on 19 april 1224 . by 20 april , alexander ii ( alaxandair mac uilliam ) had agreed to the transfer , an agreement that led to his having granted the land given for this purpose . the land granted carried the great seal and there is evidence that construction had begun by about 1215 . construction of the cathedral was completed by 1242 . bishop william of fordun records without doubt that by 1270 the abbey church and the canons ' house had burnt down . the cathedral was rebuilt in a new and better style to form the main part of the building that is now visible , and that is believed to have been completed by the time of the wars of scottish independence in 1296 . although edward i of england moved his court to elgin in 1296 and again in 1303 , the cathedral was still unfinished , as it was under his son alexander iii during his attack on perth in 1336 . soon after his elevation to the bishopric in 1362 – [UNK] , bishop alexander ii obtained permission from pope urban vi for repairs to the cathedral , despite frequent and violent storms . in about 1370 he began making threats to john stewart , earl of badenoch , known as the lord of badenoch , who became earl of buchan in 1380 , and who was father of the future king james iv . the conflict between john and buchan resulted in buchan ' s death in september 1390 and the bishop turning to william dunbar , son of the earl of dunbar , to provide the support needed . these threats of the bishop , and the anger buchan may have felt at the reappointment of his brother alexander ii , earl of dunbar as regent of scotland , may have led him to act quickly : in may , he marched from his castle fortress of lochindorb and burned the town of forres , followed in june by the town of elgin and the castle with its garrison . it is possible that he also attacked pluscarden castle at this time , which was also under the bishop ' s protection . he appealed to edward , seeking protection for his brother' his successor produced a document stating : henry iv granted him an income of £ ##400 for the remainder of the abbot ' s term , and the abbey provided income from the abbey church during the following years . in 1400 , he wrote to the bishop of arbroath complaining that the abbey ' s parish revenues from the neighbouring villages had not made their way towards the cathedral treasury . in the same year he wrote to the abbot of aberchirder ##e , informing him that he still had two years ' worth of the rent that had been imposed on the @ - @ chapter house in 1397 . however , on 1 july 1402 , the cathedral and its abbey were attacked , this time by john of lochaber , son of domhnall of galloway , lord of the isles ; he spared the cathedral but damaged the abbey . for this reason , lochaber and his son were executed , forcing lochaber ' s successor in scotland to pay more and more land . in 1408 , the money raised during the ecclesiastical crisis was diverted to the abbey , and in 1413 a grant from the bishop of inverness was obtained . however , the decline of the scottish treasury had led in many cases to churches becoming dilapidated and unable to raise sufficient funds . by the late middle ages , the quality of pastoral care in the new cathedral had also declined . bishop john innes ( 1407 – [UNK] ) contributed much to the building of the cathedral , as evidenced by the inscription on his tomb commemorating his work . when he died , the bishops agreed , — " in quadam , secreta et campanili ecclesie moraviensis " — and agreed that should one of their own be appointed to the bishopric , the bishop would receive one third of the income of the chapter ##house until the cathedral was completed . the major additions to the west tower were completed in 1435 and contained the arms of bishop john of dunbar ( 1422 – ? ) , and it is thought that both the north and south aisles of the cathedral were completed by 1460 , and the south aisle contains the arms of john of perth ( 1435 – ? ) . possibly the last major external work was the complete rebuilding of the chancel between 1482 and 1501 , which contained the arms of bishop john stewart . = = = internal works = = = the dean and canons formed the chapter and had the overall responsibility of maintaining theand for the administration of the diocese . " the bishop was the formal head of the chapter , and was excluded from his own @ - @ - process , the chapter being led by the bishop as its head . although the diocese of lincoln based its chapter on that of the cathedral , the bishop was allowed to sit in the chapter but not as an ordinary canon . he was not unique in this : the bishops of aberdeen , brechin , caithness , orkney and shetland were all seated in their own chapter . each morning , the chapter held a meeting in the cathedral where a passage from the latin prayer book of st augustine was read and the canons of the chapter were read . bishop bricius ' s chapter of secular canons consisted of the bishop , dean , archdeacon , chancellor , treasurer and the ordinary canons . his successor , bishop andreas de grey , greatly expanded the chapter to provide for the much larger diocese , creating two additional secular offices ( succentor and subdean ) and creating 12 additional canons . in all , 12 canons had been created by the time of andreas ' death , and a further 12 were created shortly after the scottish reformation . these rights were under the control of the bishop . the churches either were within the diocesan boundaries or had been given to the bishop by a charter of charter . in the case of elgin cathedral , the de grey chapter , of which bishop andreas was a member , is recorded as having the control of many churches entitled to them . the canons , or canons of parishes as they were known in the scottish reformation , oversaw the administration of the diocese and made the bishop ' s decisions . there were five dioceses in the scottish diocese — elgin , inverness , strathspey and strathbogie — and these provided the clergy not only for the cathedral and chapter but also for the religious communities within and outside the diocese . the churches were endowed to the ordinary canons , and a large number were held in common . the bishop received revenues and other income from his own office as chancellor and administrator . the administration of the diocese by the clergy and canons was vested wholly in the bishop , who appointed officials to the ecclesiastical , secular and civil offices . the bishop , assisted by his canons , made the necessary laws and regulations for the bishopric and these were enforced at the ecclesiastical court by the bishop and , in his absence , by the chapter . the diocesan adju##dicated in the church and in matters of births , marriages , deaths , widows , fines , fines and other minor ecclesiastical matters . in scotland , these courts were located in elgin and inverness . in 1452 the earl of elgin held all his lands under royal regality and established courts of regality presided over by canons and clerks to oversee the distribution of income from his lands . = = = = = = = = = cities such as elgin had separate foundation churches and daily services and had to be fully staffed with canons assisted by a large number of canons and clerks . bishop andreas provided for the canons to be assisted by a clergy made up of five priest , one deacon and one sub @ - @ . — later the number of canons was increased to twelve men . in 1350 the canons of elgin could only rely on their clergy and bishop john of pilmuir provided them with the patronage from two bishops and the support of two from thomas randolph , 1st earl of randolph . in 1489 each vicar received a salary of 12 marks ; the others , 12 marks ; two , eight marks ; three , seven marks , and four , five marks ; each vicar was assisted only by a clerk who was required to give three days ' notice in the event of his service being interrupted . the canons were of two kinds : the sub @ - @ choral who sat directly in the cathedral for the daily services and the other canons who performed duties at the various main churches . there was no separation of duties . although the canons followed the canons of elgin , the nature of the jurisdiction was that of the cathedral . it is likely that elgin ' s sub @ - @ canons were subject to a fine for errors in the conduct of the service , resulting in fines . more serious offences could result in corporal punishment , which was administered in the cathedral by the sub @ - @ deacon and not by the clergy . king robert iii provided a chaplain for the funeral of sir robert , who died in battle with bruce at elgin . the chapel most frequently mentioned in elgin was st george the martyr , located in the north aisle and staffed by two priests . other chapels mentioned were those of the holy trinity , st mary , st duthac , st margaret , st mary magdalene , st mary the virgin and st andrew . at the time of bishop andreas ' s tenure ( 1362 – 1397 ), the cathedral had two canons ( the chancellor ) , two other @ - @ , and about the same number of priests . despite these restrictions , not all the clergy were regularly present at the services of elgin cathedral . this was an important aspect of life in many dioceses at a time when many canons would find service in other dioceses . this is not to say that the time spent away from the chanonry was without restrictions , as some canons were required to be regularly present while others were required to attend on a non @ - @ choral basis . the bishop of elgin was always in attendance ; the chancellor , chancellor , and treasurer , were present for half the time . the two @ - @ choral canons had to attend mass for six hours . the chapter began in 1240 to punish the absent ##ees who violated the terms of their leave , removing a third of their income . in the diocese of elgin and as was common in other dioceses too , when the decision of the chapter was to be appealed , the diocesan bishop had to appoint a person to act on his behalf — this was usually one of the canons who had the high reputation of being present . in elgin in 1488 , the canons were not bound by the terms of their leave of absence , resulting in one of them receiving a written complaint and a fine ; despite this , the canons refused to attend and had a third of their annual income removed . the rest of the income fell to the dean and a small number of other canons who were responsible for celebrating the mass and for conducting and directing mass and feast ##ing services . six services were held annually , four of which were reserved for the canons and took place behind the wooden screen which separated the main altar and choir from the people . the monasteries , parish churches and the abbey ##s were resourced to hold the more elaborate services ; the services in the abbey churches were more elaborate . the canons were assisted by an increasing number of lay ##men and accountants as well as painters , builders , builders , builders , and painters . master john the carpenter and master richard the mason are recorded in the chartulary of the cathedral . = = = chanonry and = = = = the chanonry , referred to in the cathedral ' s chartulary as the college of the chanonry or simply as the college , was the largest of the canons ' colleges that were located inthe cathedral . a curtain wall , around 3 @ . @ 5 metres ( 16 ft ) high , 2 metres ( 6 ft 7 in ) wide and around 820 metres ( 3 @ , @ 690 ft ) in length , surrounded the cathedral and precinct and separated the secular clergy from the canons ; only the castle of rhynie stood outside the curtain wall . the house of the canons and the royal hospital were also located outside the west wall . the cathedral had three ports : the west port gave access to the cathedral , the east port gave access to the entrance to the bishop ' s house of spynie , the north port led to the castle of maison dieu and the south port or panns port gave access to the meadowland of the pannis . the panns port formed the outer part of the 3 @ - @ wall ( fig . 1 ) . each bishop or dean was responsible for building his own house and was named to indicate his position within the cathedral . the cathedral having become independent , edward i of england stayed at the palace of duffus between 10 and 15 august 1303 as did james ii in 1455 . in 1489 , a year after the english attacks on the cathedral and abbey in 1390 and 1402 , the cathedral found that the chanonry had occupied some of the buildings . the chapter ordered that the canons , including the succentor and the archdeacon , should , " build , repair , repair , and otherwise maintain their houses , and the rest of their houses in the diocese of elgin " . the house of the dean , also called the dean ' s house , is still preserved and is dated 1557 . ( fig . 2 ) parts of the dean ' s house and the archdeacon ' s house ( fig . 3 ) are now part of the cathedral . the hospital of maison dieu , dedicated to st andrew and located near the cathedral , and called the chanonry , was founded by bishop andreas in 1237 for the use of the canons . it suffered some damage in 1390 and again in 1445 . the cathedral chapter maintained it as a royal hospital but in later years it may , in common with other hospitals , have become bankrupt from a lack of funds . king james ii gave it to the bishop of elgin on 1 may 1520 , probably in an attempt to preserve its independence . the hospital was taken into the care of the crown after the reformationand in 1595 was given to the chapter by james vi for religious purposes and for feeding the poor . in 1624 , an almshouse was built to replace the original building , and in 1750 a fire severely damaged the more recent building . the remains of the original building were largely destroyed during the late @ - @ century development of the town . there were three monasteries in the town . the first grey friars priory was founded in the western part of the town in 1233 . the second ( the = ##es ) grey friars priory was also founded in the eastern part of the town sometime before 1281 . it is likely that this first grey friars priory did not long survive , but was replaced between 1479 and 1513 by the establishment of a priory in elgin cathedral for the regular ( observants ) grey friars . the building was taken into the ownership of the crown in 1559 and it became the palace of elgin in 1563 . in 1489 , the chapter founded a school that was not only a free school for the poor but was intended to be used to provide an education in mathematics and science for the poor of elgin . = = = = – = = = = in september 1560 , parliament met in edinburgh and declared that the abbey church would be dissolved , the bishop would have no power and that the sunday school was forbidden . scottish churches generally survived only if they were used as parish churches and although elgin had been previously served by the canons of st giles , the church was not . an act of parliament passed on 10 september 1567 directed to sir john stewart ' s privy council to order the removal of the lead from the roofs of the elgin and aberdeen churches , to be used for the use of his church , but the first ship that was sent to carry the lead to aberdeen sank and sank in the harbour . in 1615 , john knox , the ' edinburgh preacher ' , described elgin cathedral as " a faire and beautiful church with three aisles , the nave of which and the chancel ##s still stand ; but the walls , windowes and the ancient tombs and tombes of saints and worthie men are broken and broken " . disrepair soon set in and the roof of the north aisle collapsed during a storm on 22 august 1637 . in 1640 the general assembly ordered john ross , the minister of st giles kirk , to remove the lead screen which had covered the nave and organ from the chancel . thethey assisted in this by the help of innes and brodie who dug it up for them . it is believed that the collapse of the great east window was caused by oliver cromwell ' s army , between 1650 and 1660 . until this time the cathedral ##s had been the burial ground for elgin . the town council voted for the perimeter wall to be demolished in 1685 . however , the council decided that the stone from the walls should not be used for that purpose . although the cathedral was becoming increasingly dilapidated the building continued to be used for meetings of the building commission from 1671 to 1676 and then again from 1701 to about 1731 . no attempt was made to repair the structure and on easter monday 1711 the bell tower gave way , exposing the spire . after this event , the " decline " of the cathedral ' s cathedral ##work for building work began . many artists visited elgin to paint the cathedral , and it is from their paintings that the slow but steady decline can be seen . in the early part of the 18th century , visitors to elgin came to see the cathedral , and reports of the state of the cathedral were published for those visiting visitors . in 1773 samuel johnson wrote , " a map was taken into our hands , which records from the beginning the state of this ancient cathedral . " since the abolition of slavery in the established church in 1689 , possession of the old cathedral reverted to the crown , and no attempt to reverse the state of the cathedral took place . seeing the need to repair the cathedral , the elgin town council ordered the demolition of the perimeter wall in 1809 and cleared debris from the surrounding walls in about 1815 . the lord provost of elgin asked the cathedral ' s remembrancer for funds to build a new building for the cathedral and in 1824 , £ 121 was granted to the architect john reid for its restoration . reid was instrumental in the development of the conservation scheme for church buildings in elgin and rose to become the first architect of the scottish office of works ( os ) in 1827 . it was also during his time as the architect that the stone columns to the nave and cathedral ##s were erected . in 1824 john anderson , an elgin merchant and an important figure in the restoration of the cathedral , began his work . assisted by local architect james forsyth , he cleared the cathedral of centuries of weeds , and weeds . he was then appointed the cathedral ' s architect and builder in 1826 . although his appointment was highly controversial at the time and brought the cathedral back into national attention ,his extensive restoration work would have resulted in much valuable information of the cathedral ' s history being lost . he died on 30 december 1841 , aged 67 . a year later , the inverness herald published a biographical article on him , calling him the " master - builder of elgin cathedral " , and adding : only minor alterations took place during the remainder of the 19th century and well into the early 20th century . during the 1950s , restoration work commenced that included a new roof to cover the vaulted ceiling of the south north aisle . from 1960 , the original stone windows were removed and new windows were installed in the chancel , which was re @ - @ ##ed to match the original design . from 1988 to 2000 , the two bell towers were substantially rebuilt with a viewing gallery added to the top of the central tower . = = = = = = = = = construction 1224 – 1270 = = = the first phase was roughly rectangular in shape and longer than the present floor plan . this first phase had a chancel without aisles and aisles between , and a nave with only a single bay on the north and south sides ( fig . 4 ) . the bell tower rises above the level of the north and south aisles and may have had windows in its upper part . the south wall of the nave is the oldest surviving structure , dating to the period immediately after the cathedral ' s 1224 consecration ; the aisles built on top of this date from the early re @ - @ 1270 phase . this structure has boarded up windows down to a low level above them , indicating that it was an earlier structure and indicating that the south @ ##urg had an aisle ( fig . 5 ) . the south aisle ' s north wall is almost complete , showing the building work of the first phase . it shows the typical pointed arch design of the type that first appeared in scotland in the post @ - @ 13th century and was introduced in england around 1170 , but not seen in scotland until the late 13th century . it also shows the typical decorated gothic window design that continued to be used in scotland during the late medieval period ( fig . 6 ) . the piers and the arches are of roughly dressed rubble stone . the doorway in the south @ - @ # part of the nave has decorative carvings and has a pointed arch window just above it . next to the doorway are two round @ - @ headed windows that are topped at the upper level with two round @ - @ headed windows . the central trans##ept has found more of the building missing , but much of what does remain , taken together with a drawing by william slezer in 1693 , shows that it was identical to the north aisle , except that the south aisle had no entrance door and had a square tower for a bell . the west end contained two 15th century octagonal towers , @ . @ 4 metres ( 13 ft ) , that were originally covered with wooden screens covered with white plaster . although the similarity between the shape of the central tower and the spire suggests that the towers were not part of the original plan , it is likely that the building work was built so far apart that the builders could not fit the nave and choir into each other ( fig . 7 ) . = = = rebuilding and rebuilding @ - @ = since 1270 = = = following the fire of 1270 , a programme of rebuilding was undertaken , with additions and a major extension . two aisles were added to the nave , the central aisle between the choir and nave was increased in size and new chapels added on the north and south sides , and the bell tower was added on the new western ##most side ( fig . 8 & 9 ) . the new northern and southern aisles ran the length of the nave , to the east bay of the choir , and contained recessed and vaulted tombs . the west side of the nave contained the chapel of st john of jerusalem , giving a construction date for the new cathedral between 1435 and 1460 ( fig . 7 ) . chapels were added to the two outer walls of the nave and were separated from each other with wooden screens . the central aisle at the west end of each of these aisles and those to the two sides did not contain a chapel but instead had an entrance door for the choir . in august 1390 , john stewart , alexander stewart ' s son , destroyed the cathedral , priory and abbey of elgin . this fire was extremely destructive , requiring the south aisle to be completely rebuilt along with the outer walls of the nave . the entire western side of the aisles was rebuilt and the original entrance door and windows were rebuilt . the internal decoration of the nave is late 14th or early 15th century and is richly decorated with flowers , leaves , flowers and oak leaves . the large central rose window in the gable just above the main entrance contains a number of windows , the largest of which is the rose or rose window dating from between 1422 and 1435 .just above this can be seen three coats of arms : on the right is that of the earl of fife , in the centre is the royal arms of scotland , and on the left is the royal arms of sir william dunbar ( fig . 12 ) . the walls of the nave are now very low and collapsed at ground level , exposing a section of the east wall which is twice its original height . this section has windows that appear to have been added in the 15th century to replace the 14th century windows : they may have been added after the 1390 attack ( fig . 13 ) . little of the original plan of the nave remains , but its form can be seen from the wall ##s where it connects to the east wall of the choir . part of the nave wall survives after the collapse of the west tower in 1711 . elgin cathedral is unusual in scotland in having an english style double nave and gothic style side aisles on each side of the nave ; in england , only chichester cathedral has these features . the nave , which had been connected to the choir by a barrel vaulted ceiling , underwent extensive alterations and is now enclosed with a vaulted ceiling supported by a central pillar ( fig . 13 & 14 ) . the nave is 10 @ . @ 10 metres ( 33 ft ) wide at the entrance and 10 @ . @ 3 metres ( 10 ft ) from west to east wall ; it was largely rebuilt by bishop andrew stewart ( 1482 – 1501 ) , whose coat of arms is shown on the central pillar . andrew stewart was the younger @ - @ brother of king james iv . the delay to the completion of these works until this bishop ' s death indicates the extent of the damage from the 1390 attack . = = = 19th and 20th century . = = = in 1847 – , some of the chapter houses associated with the church on the west side were demolished , and some minor alterations were made to the east wall . further widening of the nave and extensive restoration work followed in the early 20th century , including restoration of the south facing east window in 1904 and the replacement of the original wall ##work , capitals , and cross arms with the capitals on the 2 @ - @ east wall of the chancel ( fig . 13 ) . in 1913 , strengthening the roof and further reinforcement of the wall ##ing were undertaken . in 1924 the ground level was raised and the 17th century tomb of the earl of huntly was uncovered . further repairs and alterations occurred during the 20th, including the complete restoration of the 12th century windows ( fig . 16 ) , the rebuilding of part of the north wall with stone ##work ( fig . 17 ) , and the addition of new windows to the nave and the south aisle in 1939 ( fig . 18 ) . from 1960 to 2000 , volunteers repaired the church ' s exterior walls ( fig . 19 ) and between 1976 and 1988 , the window work of the nave was completely restored , and the north @ - @ restoration was completed ( fig . 20 ) . doors , windows , and a new roof were added to the north @ - @ west tower between 1988 and 1998 and further restoration work was done to the north @ - @ east tower between 1998 and 2000 ( fig . 21 ) . = = = = = andreas de dunbar – buried in the north wall of the chancel in a large white marble tomb alexander de dunbar – buried in the chancel william de spynie – buried in the chancel alexander gordon ( d . 1501 ) alexander gordon , 1st earl of huntly alexander de dunbar ( c . 1386 – 1435 ) , earl of angus from 1422 until his death = = = = = =