= = household of the united kingdom = the royal household is a position of constitutional authority , power , and responsibility , recognised in the united kingdom as the personal responsibility of the monarch and the source of most of the executive powers of the british government . these powers were historically exercised by the monarch , on his or her own initiative . since the 18th century , by convention , the advice of the prime minister or the cabinet — which is directly responsible to parliament for the whole — has been required in order for the power to be exercised . the monarch is theoretically entitled to exercise the royal ##gative against the advice of the prime minister or the cabinet , but in practice would only do so in emergencies , where legal law did not clearly apply to the circumstances in question . = the royal household is responsible for the affairs of the government of the united kingdom , including foreign affairs , defence , and national security . the crown has a significant executive role in these and other matters , though not today , because the exercise of the power is in the hands of the prime minister and other ministers and other government officials . = = = = = the royal ##gative has been called " a very difficult term to define properly " , and whether a specific kind of executive power exists is a matter of constitutional law to be determined by the courts as the ultimate test . the british legal scholar , a . j . taylor , wrote in the 20th century that : the power ought to be , and as a matter of fact nothing else than the kind of discretionary and executive power which at any given time is normally vested in the hands of the crown . the latter is the exercise of the greater part of the crown ' s executive power . . . any function which the british government can legally perform without the consent of an act of parliament is done by behalf of the crown . while most scholars support the diceyan definition , there are some scholars who follow the definition proposed by william blackstone in the 1920s : " the royal ##ing we can mean that the pre @ - @ powers which the king hath , over and above all other powers , and outside of the ordinary jurisdiction of the law , the exercise of his regal highness . . . , can only be applied to those powers and privileges which the king possesses alone , in common to others , and not to those which he has in conjunction with any of his subjects . one ' s opinionthat no act of or by the monarch under law falls within the law differs from blackstone ' s that the term only includes those acts that no other person with authority in the united kingdom can take , such as the acts of parliament . case law appears to support both views . blackstone ’ the definition of the powers as the power of an absolute monarch was expressed by lord parmoor in the de keyser ’ the grand jury case of 1920 , but a disagreement with this was raised by lord hoffmann in the burmah court case of 1965 . a different definition has always been made in the court cases , and the court may still attempt to decide the issue . some cases deal directly with the law itself . = = = = = the royal right functions as the personal right of the monarch . from the twelfth century in england , as in scotland , the monarch was all @ - @ powerful , but this personal power was diminished by " the rise of political power in the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries " . an early attempt to define the royal power was made by richard iii ' s parliament in 1387 . during the fifteenth century , this " power " began to fade , and the monarch became increasingly sovereign . under henry viii and his successors , the monarch was the head of the established established church , and was not subordinate to the state . the role of parliament in this period , however , was gradual . although the king was " the senior authority in the english government " , the court stopped short of declaring him all @ - @ powerful , given the role that he played . in ferrer ' s case , henry challenged this , and that he was far more confident with the power of parliament than without . nowhere was this more clear than in the matter of taxation : sir john more and other judges of the period pointed out the king could not impose taxes without parliament ' s consent . at the same time , henry and his successors generally respected the will of the people , despite the fact they were generally not bound by it . william holdsworth noted that by regularly consulting the senior officers of the government and asking for their consent and advice , henry stressed the need for all civil power to enforce the king . he also noted that the idea that the king was dominant over parliament " was the view of all the leading lawyers and judges and judges of the tudor period " . it was argued that while the monarch had " absolute power " , it was powerless to intervene where the law had notand for the exercise of the law , and where he had authority to do so . the first breakthrough in this case came , in 1607 , with the case of scotland . james vi and i held that as monarch , he had the legal right to sit as a judge and interpret the common law as he saw fit . led by sir edward coke , the court rejected this claim , arguing that while the monarch was not subject to the law , he was subject to the law . until he had acquired sufficient knowledge of the law , he had no right to apply it ; coke pointed out that such knowledge " requires possession of an objective law . . . which requires much knowledge and experience , so that a person may come to the application of it " . however , in the case of england in 1611 , coke held that the monarch could only exercise those powers he already possessed , and not create new ones . with the glorious revolution , king james i and i were succeeded by queen mary i and her son , william iii . at the same time the bill of rights 1689 was passed , which limited the monarch ' s power to parliament . it also limited the royal power , with article 3 stating that the " act of making the laws or the use of them under the authority without consent of parliament is unlawful " , and article 2 stating that " collecting taxes for admission to the office of the laws by way of payment , without consent of parliament , for any reason , or under other circumstances than the right is or shall be exercised , is unlawful " . the bill also established that parliament had the power to regulate the exercise of that power , as established by the parliament act 1694 , which allowed the monarch to summon and dissolve parliament at all times . = = = = = = = = = = = = = one of the monarch ' s greatest powers was the dissolution of parliament , which was " probably the most important constitutional power exercised directly by the monarch , and had the greatest potential for change . " this power was usually exercised at the request of parliament and the prime minister , either at his or her request or by a vote of no confidence . political scientists have had differing views as to whether a formal dissolution of parliament would be possible otherwise ; historian ivor jennings argued that a dissolution required " the consent of parliament " , and as such the monarch could not dissolve parliament without ministerial consent; " if they refuse to follow her advice , she can do no more than veto them " . a . j . jennings , however , wrote that in certain exceptional circumstances the monarch could dissolve parliament by @ - @ handedly , on the ground that " no occasion has occurred in which there is no ground to conclude that the opinion of the monarch is not the opinion of the government . . . a dissolution is appropriate , or required , whenever the wishes of the monarch are , or could reasonably be expected to be , different from the wishes of the people . " the monarch could force the dissolution of parliament by a grant of royal assent ; this would normally lead to the government resigning . by contrast , the monarch rarely objects to bills ; the last time the royal assent was ever granted was in 1704 during the reign of queen anne . this does not mean that the right to veto has ceased : george iii said he could veto the 1916 irish home rule bill ; jennings wrote that " it was held by the monarch himself that he had not only the royal right but the constitutional right to veto it " . the royal power to dissolve parliament was abolished by the so @ - @ called parliament act 2011 . section 2 ( 1 ) of the act 2011 , states that the monarch ' s power to dissolve parliament is not governed by the constitution . the office of the prime minister is also , however , governed by the royal assent . theoretically the monarch can appoint as prime minister anyone she wishes to appoint , but in practice the incumbent is usually the person who commands a majority in the house of commons . usually , this is the leader of the political party that has returned to parliament with a majority of votes in a general election . this can arise with a so @ - @ - called parliament , in which no candidate has majority support , as has happened in 2010 . in this case , the convention holds that the reigning monarch has the constitutional opportunity to form a new government and form government . if the prime minister decides to resign in the middle of the parliamentary term , as anthony eden did in 1957 , the monarch has no successor . there is always a " prime minister @ - @ - @ - @ - " who commands the support of the majority of the commons ; he or she cannot in @ - @ ever be appointed . = = = judicial system = = = the most important constitutional law that dominates the judicial system is the right of pardon , which has two components : the granting of mercy and the granting ofnolle prosequi . courts may remove the " costs , penalties and costs " from a criminal offence , but they do not apply them themselves . this power is usually exercised on the advice of the secretary of state for the home department ; the monarch has no direct role in its administration . application of this power may also take the form of parole , a special form of relief where the penalties are reduced , on procedural grounds . the application of a pardon is usually subject to judicial review , as confirmed in commissioner of civil service r v commissioner for the civil service , unless the courts have discretion to review the application and approval first , as in r v secretary of state for the home department , ex parte bentley . a nolle prosequi is used by the attorney general of england and wales ( or the courts of scotland and northern ireland ) in the name of the crown , to initiate criminal proceedings against an accused . this is not reviewable by the courts , as confirmed in r v commissioner of customs , and does not count towards an indictment ; the case may be brought before the court on the same grounds at a later date . = = = foreign affairs = = = the royal assent is in general exercise in the realm of foreign affairs . it is the monarch who recognizes foreign states ( although some countries limit the recognition received by their military and diplomatic missions ) , makes treaties of war and peace , and signs international treaties . the monarch also has the power to annex territory , as was done in 1955 with the treaty of rockall . where territory has been annexed , the monarch has the discretion as to the extent to which the crown can take on the foreign territory ' s territory ; this was confirmed by the african consolidated copper mining company v the queen . the monarch also has the power to annex other territorial boundaries and dependent territories . her ability to do these things in practice is limited , given that they would strip british subjects of their citizenship and rights . when the island of heligoland was annexed to britain in 1890 , royal approval was not sought . the monarch can only annex colonies and overseas territories by exercising the power through order in council . the courts have long ruled against the monarch ' s exercise of this power : in r ( bancoult ) v secretary of state for foreign and commonwealth affairs ( no 3 ) , the court of appeal held that using the @ - @ - @ - @ rule to make court decisions was an unconstitutional exercise of power , although thisthis was later removed . british passports are also issued under the act , although these are not governed by common law . under the common law , foreigners have the right only to enter and enter the united kingdom . in r v home secretary ex parte everett , the courts held that it was their duty to prevent the issuing of passports to , and the taking of documents from , british citizens . the power of the exeat regno is also used to prevent a person leaving the uk . the power to conclude treaties is a special constitutional power : under blackstone ' s rule , the executive power must be wholly reserved to the monarch . = = = personal name ##s = = = the monarch also has power to exercise her discretion in the granting of honours , the use of the armed forces and other orders . although the granting of these honours is not determined by the courts , the monarch is also the person who actually grants them . exceptions to this rule include those of the order of the bath , the order of the bath , the order of merit , the royal victorian order and the royal military medal , which the monarch has the power to award . in relation to the armed forces , the monarch is the commander in chief , and they are appointed under the royal warrant . the laws do not apply to the armed forces , although some matters , such as military training , are regulated by acts of parliament . under the armed forces act 1947 , the crown is the supreme administrator for the armed forces , and as such their composition , direction and structure cannot be determined by the courts . this extension of this power gives the monarch power to appoint members of the armed forces , appoint commissioned officers , and make arrangements with other powers to maintain troops in their territory . the act allows the monarch to appoint bishops and priests of the church of england , and to regulate the use and use of the official church of england translation of the bible . r v secretary of state for the home department , ex parte the county commissioners , held that the power also included the power to " take all necessary measures to preserve the people ' s safety " , and in burmah & co . v . williams , the house of lords took the view that it was to " do all those things in an emergency which are necessary for the defence of [ the second world war ] . " = = = = = however , the monarch exercises the power almost entirely in accordance with the wishes of hermr . leyland states that : the british queen . . . has kept very closely in touch with the exercise of her powers by means of a weekly meeting with the prime minister during which she is closely advised on the workings of government . . . [ and it ] should be noted that the prime minister is not under any obligation to take account of her role . in practical terms , the crown is intended to govern the government in the name of the monarch ; although the queen has the " right to be consulted , the right to counsel , and the right to advise " , her role is the exercise of power . however , some government powers are not exercised by government without the consent of parliament , including the act of declaring war and of declaring peace , the issuing of taxation , and the granting of patents . other powers are exercised not by the monarch , but on the advice of the prime minister ( whom the queen meets with ) and of the cabinet . the statutory functions of the british government are still exercised by virtue of the royal assent , but gradually the scope of the power has been reduced as they are now exercised on a statutory basis . = = = = = = = = landmark decisions of the house of lords have clarified the legal scope for the exercise of these powers . in 1915 , an appeal was brought to the house of lords , a matter of right ( ' shoreham court case ' ) , but during the appeal the matter was dropped and the appeal dismissed when the crown refused to pay costs . the case arose from a 1915 decision of the court of appeal that the government , bound by the 1914 defence of the realm act and by the royal charter , was entitled to build and operate , for military purposes in particular , a military base on the english coast . the government argued that this purpose was to guard against an invasion ; the court held that for the power to be exercised , the government must show that the threat of invasion exists . this was followed up by the zamora ( 1916 ) , where the privy council , on appeal from the high case , held , that to exercise a power not conferred by statute ( such as a statutory provision ) the government must demonstrate to the courts that the provision is valid . the next case came in attorney general v de keyser ' s palace bank ltd ( 1920 ) , where the house of lords held that a statutory provision of an act where " powers are in force " of the powers prero##gative power it is in force to this it – that the government can only do the right thing , and in accordance with the statutory provision , and that the " power to do that " is in force " . this doctrine of constitutional interpretation was confirmed in laker air ltd v board of transport , on the issue of british commercial air ##way ' s licence ( july 1976 ) , where it was held that the power could not be used to enforce a statutory provision , and that in cases to which the statute and the statute were applied , the power could only be used to achieve the purposes of the statute . further confirmation came with r v secretary of state for the home department , ex parte fire services ltd , where the court of appeal held that even if the statute had not yet come into force , the power could not be used to use this statute to " interfere with parliament ' s interests " . = = = judicial review = = = until the modern judicial review system adopted the doctrine of right as the basis for challenging the use of the constitutional power , the courts were often not able to determine whether or not it applied , or whether they had been exercised properly . they therefore considered under the test of the wednesbury tests : whether the remedy was appropriate . legal scholars such as william blackstone found this statement : by the sense , of those powers , which the king has granted him , the king is sovereign and independent , according to the provisions of the law . and , if the exercise of that should relates directly to the ruin or destruction of the kingdom , the king may hold his subjects to a just and fair sentence . during the 1960s and 1970s this view was reversed , with lord denning stating in the laker air case that " given that the power is a constitutional power to be exercised for the public good , it follows that its application can be determined by the courts just as any other constitutional power which is vested in the crown . " the most famous decision on the subject is federation of civil service unions v minister for the civil service , also known as the gchq case . the house of lords held that the scope of judicial review would be based on the nature of the parliament ' s powers , and their application . foreign policy and national security matters are considered outside the scope of judicial review , but the right of parliament is considered within it , as per r v secretary of state for the home1 , ex parte bentley . = = = = = abolition of the royal household is not on the political agenda , and recent attempts to reduce the role of the crown and the royal family in australia have been unsuccessful . the department of justice undertook a " review of the and prerogative powers " in december 2009 . the labour leader and cabinet minister tony benn campaigned successfully for the abolition of the royal household in the united kingdom in the 1970s , arguing that all executive functions in government exercised on the advice of the prime minister and cabinet should be subject to parliamentary review and require parliamentary approval . successive he argued that such was the range of powers covered by the royal charter that seeking parliamentary approval in every jurisdiction where the power is being exercised would waste parliamentary scrutiny and delay the progress of legislation .