= stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! = stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! ( ストッフ ! ! ひはりくん ! , sutoppu ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! ) is a japanese manga series written and illustrated by hisashi eguchi . it was serialized in weekly shonen jump from october 1981 to june 1983 , and the chapters were collected in six tankobon volumes by shueisha from october 1982 to january 1984 . the manga was adapted into a three @ - @ ! anime television series by toei animation that aired on fuji tv from october 1983 to june 1984 . the series centers on kosaku sakamoto , a high school student who goes to live with his mother ibari ozora and his three sisters — tsugumi , tsubame , hibari and suzume — after the death of his father . kosaku is shocked to learn that hibari , who dresses and acts like a female , is a male by birth . eguchi wanted to create a romantic comedy manga where the main male character was a j @ - @ grown up so as to poke fun at the situation . he took more time to write the manga compared to his previous manga , and as the series progressed , he found it more difficult to commit to a regular schedule for the series . he eventually ended the series after the editor @ - @ - @ - @ ! of weekly shonen jump refused his request to publish the chapters every other month . from october 2009 to june 2010 , shogakukan published a special @ - @ - stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! manga series special volume , which featured minor changes to the previously published manga in addition to newly designed cover art . stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! has been described as developing a new relationship with hibari , combining a male perspective with a female perspective . the series has been praised for its dark humor and pop culture style , and the sexual detail of how hibari is portrayed has been described as so graphic that it makes the audience think that it is a romantic manga . however , the jokes about the female boss have been described as offensive and no longer acceptable in modern society . the series has been described as having had a role in paving the way for the j @ - @ youth culture . = = = = = stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! follows kosaku sakamoto , a high school student whose mother ishim from her family to live with her friend and business boss ibari ozora and his family in tokyo after she dies . although kosaku is initially unsure of his feelings , he is thrilled when he meets ibari ' s four children : tsugumi , tsubame , hibari and suzume . kosaku is attracted to hibari from the beginning , but he is shocked to learn that hibari , who looks and acts like a boy , was a male at birth — something well known to the ozora family and hibari ' s family . a group of young girls led by kaori hanazono begin to suspect that hibari may be a girl , and tsubame takes hibari ' s place during a family crisis , temporarily confirming their suspicions . hibari begins to show an increased interest in kosaku , and in an attempt to distance himself from hibari , kosaku joins the wakaba university boxing club . also in the group are makoto shiina , who is attracted to hibari , and rie kawai , the assistant coach whom kosaku meets . hibari later joins the club as a team member , and they go to a training camp in kujukuri at the end of the year . at the beginning of the next school year , hibari is invited to coach the school ' s soccer team after the coach , jun otori , notices hibari ' s athletic ability . although hibari refuses , jun continues to coach hibari until jun is impressed by hibari ' s natural ability to kick the ball . when kaori and her friends try to coach hibari during a practice , they once again suspect that hibari may be a boy , but hibari prevents them from finding any proof during the upcoming summer training camp . after hibari receives sexual advances from a new boy at school named takuto honda , hibari begins openly flirting with kosaku at school . shiina is angry at kosaku for rejecting hibari ' s advances , but shiina and kosaku grow closer as friends . they work it out and kosaku tells him that there is nothing going on between him and hibari . when kosaku is out walking one day , he finds out a girl named sayuri koenji who is being stalked by two guys from the kokuryu high school boxing team , although hibari leaves with them before kosaku can say anything . despite this , sayuri is stillalong with kosaku and hiring a reporter to find out more about him , allowing her to discover hibari ' s secret . hibari has a inter @ - @ fight with the kokuryu boxing club , when they confront tsubame at a party . the kokuryu boxing club challenges the wakaba boxing club to their inter @ - @ fight fights , but this turns out to be a ruse to get a reporter to check up on hibari . however , the ozora club wins , allowing hibari to knock out the kokuryu boxing club ' s champion . sayuri moves into kosaku ' s life , and she tricks him into going on a date with her in exchange for his and hibari ' s secret . during the school year , kosaku ' s party turns into a traditional beauty pageant with kosaku as the prince and hibari as the princess , culminating in hibari giving kosaku a passionate kiss on stage . ibari has to look after gekijiro taiga , the son of one of his best friends , who kosaku is shocked to discover is a trans woman . = = = = = = = kosaku sakamoto ( 坂 本 [UNK] [UNK] , sakamoto kosaku ) is the protagonist of stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! ! and is originally from kumamoto . ch . 1 he is a good @ - @ hearted high school student who initially rejects hibari ' s advances toward him , ch . 2 , 4 , 8 , 11 . as time goes on , he becomes more convinced that he is being used by hibari . ch . 11 , 12 , 13 , 36 kosaku treats hibari well , and agrees to reveal hibari ' s secret . ch . 49 , 50 , 51 although reluctant at first , ch . 1 he joins the wakaba boxing club , in an attempt to become stronger because of hibari ' s superhuman strength , ch . 4 which he does as the story progresses . ch . 5 kosaku is voiced by toru furuya . hibari ozora ( 大 空 ひはり , ozora hibari ) is the main protagonist of stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! ! . hibari is a high school - aged student at school who looks and acts like a boy , much to ibari ' s dismay . ch . 2 , 4 , 5 hibari begins being referred to as ibari '1 . , ch . 6 , 8 , 15 and has shown an interest in other children . ch . 6 : to suzume , hibari becomes more interested when kosaku starts living in the ozora house . ch . 7 hibari shows an interest in kosaku early on , ch . 15 and continues to make advances toward him throughout the series . ch . 18 , 20 , 51 hibari becomes stronger as the series progresses , including openly flirting with kosaku at school , ch . 17 and kissing him . ch . 18 , 22 , 49 hibari is very strong and athletic , in addition to being physically strong despite hibari ' s relatively small physical size . ch . 5 , 6 , 8 , 15 hibari is voiced by satomi majima . ibari ozora ( 大 空 いはり , ozora ibari ) is the leader of the ozora group , a charitable organization . ch . 1 : the father of tsugumi , tsubame , hibari and suzume , he considers the ozora house to be a @ - @ - . ch . 2 ibari is often annoyed by hibari ' s odd behavior , especially because hibari is his sole heir to running the ozora house . ch . 5 : has a cheerful personality and often takes offense whenever he gets overly excited or excited about something . ch . 5 , 6 , 8 , 15 ibari had fallen in love with kosaku ' s mother , but she ended up becoming a matagi instead . ch . 8 ibari is voiced by joji yanami . tsugumi ozora ( 大 空 つくみ , ozora tsugumi ) is the eldest daughter and has acted as a mother figure to her siblings since their father died . she dropped out of high school after her senior year and became a freelance artist . ch . 9 tsugumi is voiced by fumi hirano . tsubame ozora ( 大 空 つはめ , ozora tsubame ) is the youngest daughter and is two years older than hibari . unlike her mother , tsubame is against hibari dressing as a woman , ch . 5 , 6 and she is mad at hibari for wearing her clothes , ch . 6 , 8 , 15 although tsubame usually wears hibari ' s clothes , too . ch . 32 tsubame and hibari are almost identical except for their hair and eye color , and they kiss each other on several occasions . ch . 33 ,2 , 16 tsubame is voiced by kyoko irokawa . suzume ozora ( 大 空 すすめ , ozora suzume ) is the eldest sister and is a typical high school girl . ch . 2 , 4 , 10 she is fond of the @ - @ - boys . ch . 2 , 19 suzume is voiced by tomiko suzuki . sabu ( サフ ) is a member of the ozora group . he is in love with tsugumi . ch . 31 sabu is voiced by norio wakamoto . seiji ( 政 二 ) is a member of the ozora group . he is shy , and he has a cheerful personality . ch . 2 , 4 , 10 he keeps kosaku company in the morning . ch . 2 , 4 , 10 seiji is voiced by toku nishio . makoto shiina ( [UNK] 名 まこと , shiina makoto ) is kosaku ' s classmate and likes hibari . ch . 10 , 13 he is a member of the boxing club , and he thanks kosaku for using hibari ' s nickname , ch . 13 . as the series progresses , the two become friends . ch . 11 shiina is voiced by katsuji mori . rie kawai ( [UNK] 愛 [UNK] [UNK] , kawai rie ) is a cute girl with a good body who is attracted to shiina . ch . 12 she joins the boxing club as a member because of him . ch . 13 she joins the boxing club when she realizes shiina likes hibari , ch . 19 . she joins the club after she gets over him . ch . 20 rie is voiced by hiromi tsuru . mitsuo kaji ( [UNK] みつを , kaji mitsuwo ) is one of tsubame ' s classmates and is the boxing club manager . ch . 10 , 11 he is an outgoing person and is very friendly towards tsubame whom he likes . ch . 11 , 14 his club members have the same personality as him . ch . 16 he is voiced by kozo shioya . kaori hanazono ( 花 [UNK] かおり , hanzono kaori ) is kosaku ' s classmate . ch . 23 she is jealous of hibari ' s friends at school , ch . 24 and takes pride in her outgoing personality . ch . 26 , 27 together with her two friends , they try to get hibari. ch . 26 , and kaori is voiced by seiko nakano . sayuri koenji ( 高 [UNK] 寺 さゆり , koenji sayuri ) is a young girl a year older than kosaku . ch . 50 she falls in love , and will do anything she can to bring her feelings to life . when something strikes her , she writes a letter . ch . 51 sayuri is voiced by yuriko tanaka . = = = = = = = = manga = = = stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! was written and illustrated by hisashi eguchi . after the success of his manga hinomaru gekijo ( ひのまる [UNK] 場 ) in 1981 , eguchi decided to go against the trend at the time that there was already a golden age of romantic comedy manga in shonen manga history . in 1982 , eguchi thought of creating a romantic comedy manga where the main male character is a white @ - @ - boy , and in doing so , poked fun at the genre , turning it into the form of traditional romantic comedy . eguchi worked out the storyboard for the first chapter in about 15 minutes to a week , and came up with the title stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! , a reference to hisashi sekiya ' s manga stop ! nii @ - @ chan ( ストッフ ! [UNK] ) . in order to emphasize the importance of drawing a character like hibari , eguchi felt that the more he could draw hibari , the more funny the character would be , so he decided to make hibari as funny as he could . eguchi had already struggled when drawing his first manga susume ! ! boys ( すすめ ! ! ハイレーツ ) , so beginning with stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! , he exceeded the standards he set for his work and decided to start taking more time to draw the characters . in addition , eguchi was very concerned about the appearance of his characters , and he often sent in @ - @ boys to correct his drawing errors because he liked how they looked . as the series progressed , eguchi found it increasingly difficult to keep up the high demand for the manga , leading him to take several breaks and to say that " drawing manga isn ' t something i can do . " however , the editor @ - @ - @ - @ ! of weekly shonen jump at the time , shigeo nishimura , accepted his requestto draw the chapters every other week . when it came time to draw what would end up being the final published chapter , eguchi completed the chapter ' s storyboard , but he drew only the first @ - @ section of the chapters , leaving only the last five chapters . after he finished the chapter ' s story , eguchi went to a restaurant and isolated himself for a while , only coming back when nishimura called him to say that he could not work with him anymore on a regular basis . as a result , eguchi ended the project and the editorial board decided to end the series . stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! was serialized in the manga magazine weekly shonen jump from the december 1 , 1981 issue to the december 31 , 1983 issue . the individual chapters were collected and published in six tankobon volumes by shueisha from october 1982 to june 1984 . edited by katsuhiro otomo , eguchi decided against the original story concept for the series that at the time was " set in japan " for future publication in weekly shonen jump . futabasha later published it in two volumes in october 1991 , and again in two volumes in october 1995 . shueisha published it in three volumes from 1999 to june 2001 . shin @ - @ sha published it in two volumes in october 2004 . in an interview in 2007 , eguchi expressed a desire to continue some of his earlier work , but felt that a continuation of stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! would be impossible . beginning in 2009 , eguchi began working with shogakukan , creating the stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! complete edition manga series , which featured minor changes to the previously published chapters in addition to newly designed cover art . not wanting to end the complete edition with an abrupt end as he had done previously , eguchi created the storyboard for the final chapter and used it as a template to help create the final five chapters he had drawn two years earlier . shogakukan published the complete edition in three volumes from october 2009 to june 2010 ; shogakukan later published the volume in another three volumes from april to june 2012 . in 2010 , eguchi did not rule out the possibility of ever writing a continuation of the series , though he felt there likely would not be a continuation under the title stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! . = = = = = = = = = @ - @ an anime television series adaptation , produced by toei animation and directed bytakashi hisaoka . it aired from october 1 , 1983 to march 31 , 1984 on fuji tv . the screenplay was written by : shigeru yanagawa , hiroshi tsuchiya , hiroshi tanaka , tomomi tsutsui , takeshi shudo and yumi asano . the character design used in the series was created by yoshinori kanemori , and the music was composed by koji nishimura . the series was first released by studio one to three dvd compilation volumes from january to april 2003 . a dvd box set was released by madman entertainment in april 2014 . the opening theme is " stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! " ( ストッフ ! ! ひはりくん ! ) sung by yuki yukino and the ending theme is " kongara ! " ( コンカラ ・ [UNK] ) sung by yoko hoshino . = = personality and personality = = = tamaki saito described stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! as creating a " new relationship " with hibari " by combining a female personality with a male one " , and went on to say that the series could be seen as a " continuation of the sexual # ##s " of the @ - @ dressing series . manga critic haruyuki nakano has called stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! a unique and successful gag manga for its depiction of hibari as a woman and the heir to the criminal organization . nakano also attributes this gag series to eguchi ' s ability to draw girls that are not only cute , but also have good looks and sex appeal . the delicate nature of how hibari is drawn has been described as so delicate that it makes the reader think that it is a gag manga . while writing for the magazine cyzo , manga critic jyamao noted that because of the dark humor and the sexual references , none of the violence and violence cross @ - @ dressing can handle comes through , which he believed is why the series was chosen to air during this time . jyamao noted the more serious nature of the jokes about the criminal organization in comparison to the humor in cross @ - @ dressing , and that serious jokes such as those involving sex would not be funny otherwise . manga critic nobunaga minami praised eguchi for being a master of drawing girls with a good fashion sense in stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! , which he consideredthus changing it in shonen manga from being seen as a " product " to simply being seen as an " artist " . eguchi ' s attention to detail is also noted , such that yuki kosaku of viz saw cross @ - @ drawing in one scene . the manga has been considered groundbreaking and has played a role in paving the way for the cross @ - @ manga genre . when tegami bachi creator hiroyuki asada read stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! in junior high school , he read the manga ##ization , and eguchi ' s work greatly influenced him . according to eguchi , many people who read stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! were inspired to read cross @ - @ ! .