= type 94 nambu = = the type 94 nambu # ##mm pistol ( type 94 pistol , japanese : [UNK] 四 [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] kyuyon @ - @ shiki kenju ) is a japanese pistol designed by kijiro nambu and his company for the imperial japanese army . development of the type 94 pistol began in 1929 , and after several prototypes the first prototype was completed and officially adopted by the japanese army in late 1934 ( imperial calendar , 2594 ) . the type 94 pistol began production in 1935 . approximately 10 @ , @ 000 pistols were produced before production ended in 1945 . the type 94 pistol was designed for , and popular among , japanese soldiers and fighter pilots who wanted a compact , lightweight pistol . modern firearms experts have also criticized some technical aspects of the type 94 ; in particular the pistol could be fired only when the magazine was not engaged if the safety catch on the top of the pistol was removed , and the magazine was not loaded . additionally , the process to manufacture the pistol was very slow and awkward . the production rate of the type 94 pistol declined during its production run ; " first generation " pistols produced after 1945 were never built . = = = = = the type 94 nambu pistol was designed by kojiro nambu after he retired from the japanese army and founded the nambu rifle manufacturing company . development for the type 94 nambu pistol began in 1929 with the intention of reducing the size and weight of previous nambu pistols . the imperial japanese army decided a new pistol of similar size that could fire the standard 9 × 22mm nambu cartridge was needed to replace the larger , heavier , and faster - issue pistol , the type 14 nambu . the demand for army ' s pistols greatly increased as a result of japan ' s occupation of china during the second sino @ - @ - war . the pistol design was also adopted by the japanese army to include a magazine release , to prevent firing errors during testing that were common among military personnel . naming of the type 94 pistol reflects the change in the calendar with the traditional date changing to the imperial calendar of japan of 660 ad , or 2594 instead of the traditional imperial calendar date , to name the type 94 pistol the type 94 nambu pistol . the final design for the type 94 was officially adopted by the japanese army in late 1934 after several prototypes . development continued under the direction of the chief municipal engineer of the nambu rifle manufacturing company and as the successor, chuo kogyo co , ltd . an estimated 100 @ , @ 000 pistols were produced for the war but the exact number is unknown because of the availability of unserialized ammunition and obsolete parts . during world war ii the pistol was a popular weapon for tank crews and infantry who needed a lighter , more portable pistol . the type 94 was never officially adopted by the imperial japanese navy but is available to civilians through the navy officer ' s club . = = = = = the type 94 pistol is powered by a different mechanism than previous japanese sidearms . unlike previously produced nambu pistols , the type 94 operates with a tubular magazine and with a firing pin rather than a hammer . according to authors , michael j . smith and david j . smith , the trigger mechanism is very weak and is prone to cracking because of the deep grooves used for the crossbolt and is prone to failure at this point . the tubular hammer firing mechanism was developed and used in the type 94 to replace the wooden hammer of the type 92 nambu . the trigger mechanism is a u @ - @ shape , which floats ahead of the hammer at the front end of the barrel . the main recoil spring is located on the side above the trigger instead of to the end of the barrel as seen in previous nambu pistols . the barrel is longer than previous japanese pistols and is lined with walnut ##s which according to author jeff kinard , is more suitable for use by men with small arms . the magazine holds a maximum of 10 rounds because of the small size and it is much easier to load the pistol , with pressure from the hand pushing it into the magazine . the magazine also extends far enough to easily open when the pistol is held on the right side on a flat surface . the magazine could easily open if pushed into or placed in the magazine . the manual safety handle is located on the lower side of the pistol and has the kanji for safety and safety engraved onto the handle . the front blade v on the handle of the type 94 pistol and the rear blade v were both incorrectly designed making them useless when the handle was not used . the safety blade was changed from a u @ - @ shape to a straight v in 1944 with the front blade being left open but more attention to safety was required as world war ii progressed . = = = = design = = = the popularity of type 94 nambu pistols declined towards the end of world war ii as the japanese intensified air raids fromlabor shortages and material shortages occurred . this caused drop in quality from late may 1945 , along with all the stock starting to fail towards the end of june 1945 . the original black walnut stock was replaced with a bakelite finished pattern . these pistols were not manufactured and no pistols have been found that bear the 1945 production marks . only some unserialized and incomplete pistols are known to exist and are missing , with various production marks , # ##s , and markings . a small number of pistols produced during the 1945 production run have unknown manufacture dates and appear to have been made from previously manufactured pistols that had mechanical or other defects . = = = = = use of the type 94 nambu pistol is extremely dangerous and can lead to damage to the pistol if used incorrectly . after firing the type 94 , the user must press the hammer against the magazine cover to attach the magazine to the frame of the pistol . this will cause the crossbolt to be released after the firing pin is released . release of the crossbolt without releasing the firing pin can damage both the firing pin and the crossbolt . removing the crossbolt is more difficult as the disassemblers hands are busy holding the magazine and moving the firing pin . = = = = = holster for the type 94 pistol were all made from either black or tanned leather and varied in color from black to reddish - brown . they faced the same problems in japan as the type 94 pistol . as supplies of leather were exhausted in 1945 , pistols made after 1944 were made from dark green leather . the type 94 pistol holster is distinguished from other pistol holster by a wide top cover and a centrally mounted leather ring . the magazine tow has a leather extension to accommodate the cleaning tool . the majority of pistols were made from original japanese manufacture with some pistols stamped with inspection and inspection marks . the magazine cover and a leather ring " safety " rings are mounted on the frame of the pistol and are made from steel , cast iron , or nickel alloy . = = = = = = the unusual design of the barrel causes the type 94 nambu to be fired accidentally . the trigger mechanism of the type 94 nambu converts the forward movement of the hammer into a backward movement that releases the trigger . because the trigger guard is on the front of the barrel , it could be knocked off during firing if the hammer was pressed and themagazine . the rear end of the trigger bar would have to be raised to 2mm to allow the weapon to fire . the ability to fire the type 94 without squeezing the trigger gave rise to many stories of chinese soldiers dying , unable to fire the weapon , earning the weapon names such as the " suicide pistol " and the " suicide gun " . these stories are largely true because of the ability to fire the weapon without squeezing the trigger bar . if the trigger is squeezed by the type 94 it is impossible for the weapon to fire again .