= = = = the gold dollar or the one @ - @ dollar coin was a coin struck as a private issue by the united states bureau of the mint from 1849 to 1889 . the coin had three varieties during its existence , all designed by mint chief engraver james b . longacre . the size of it was the smallest denomination of any united states coin ever struck . the gold dollar had been proposed several times in the 1830s and 1840s , but was not widely accepted . congress was also spurred into action by the low price of gold caused by the california gold rush , and in 1849 authorized the gold dollar . in the early years , gold coins were often melted or lost , and the gold dollar found a new place in circulation . silver coins appeared after congress in 1853 ordered that new coins of that metal be made available , and the silver dollar remained a fixture in circulation even after silver coins disappeared from circulation because of the economic depression caused by the american civil war . silver did not again appear in all of the us until 1879 ; when it did , the gold dollar did not take its place . in its later years , it was struck in large quantities , prompting interest among collectors . it was sold in circulation to be used as jewelry . the private issue gold dollar was last struck in 1889 ; the following year , congress authorized the issue . = = = = = after presenting his proposal for a mint and a monetary system , secretary of the treasury alexander hamilton in 1791 proposed that the one @ - @ dollar coin be struck only as a gold coin , and be made of silver , one of the few metals which he proposed be made legal tender . congress approved hamilton ' s proposal , in part , for the silver dollar , but no coins of that denomination entered circulation . in 1831 , the first gold dollar was struck , at the private mint of christopher bechtler in north carolina . most of the gold coins being produced in the united states came from the states of north carolina and virginia , and the dollars and other small gold coins struck by bechtler came from that region , and were melted and then struck further west . the one @ - @ dollar coins were struck by august bechtler , christopher ' s son . soon after the bechtlers began to strike their gold coins , secretary of the treasury john tyler became an advocate of having the mint of the united states ( " us " , when described as an institution ) strike the one @ - @ dollar coin in 1837 . this was supported by the stateand , john w . patterson . woodbury petitioned president andrew jackson to have the dollar struck . in 1836 , patterson had his chief engraver john gobrecht break off work on the original design for the mexican half @ - @ dollar , and work on a design for the gold dollar . gobrecht ' s design featured a silver eagle surrounded by gold on each side , and a laurel wreath arranged in a circle with the year , denomination , and denomination of the coin on the reverse . consideration was given to introducing the gold dollar as an issue coin under the revisionary act that became the coinage act of 1837 . the philadelphia free public library , in december 1836 , proposed a gold dollar , stating that " the dollar is the only gold coin that would be used , and since gold would be very scarce , neither silver nor gold should be used to take its place . " however , when library director patterson testified before a congressional committee , the proposal for the gold dollar was deleted from the bill . = = = = = in december 1844 , south carolina senator james edward mckay , the chairman of the committee on ways and means , sought the advice of director patterson on the gold dollar . patterson had copies of gobrecht ' s gold coins made to show to committee members , while advising against a coin that if struck would be only about 0 ¹⁄₂ inch ( 13 mm ) in diameter . he informed treasury secretary john h . marshall that the only gold coins of that size in america , the american and mexican half @ - @ dollars , were rare and had not been struck for more than two years . this failed to satisfy the committee . no coinage was produced for the dollar , and when the gold dollar was struck again in 1846 , mckay ' s committee advised against it . sometime in 1848 , large amounts of gold were sent to american colonies to be turned into dollars , but the california gold dollar soon exceeded these expectations . this prompted calls for a gold dollar , as well as for a smaller denomination than the dollar ( $ 10 gold ) , as the standard issue coin . in january 1849 , mckay introduced a bill for a gold dollar , which he sent to his committee . there was much speculation in the press about the new coin ; a newspaper published a proposal for an oval gold dollar , that is , with a hole in the center to accommodate the larger denomination . mckay amended his bill to provide for a gold dollar ( $ 10 gold dollar ) and wrote to patterson , who replied saying that the oval gold dollar would not work , and thatwould it be to a single coin consisting of a gold dollar and a silver ring . instead , gobrecht ' s successor as chief engraver , james b . longacre , proposed coins , including one with a round hole in the center . mckay asked his fellow whig , new york senator william atherton , to introduce the bill to replace the silver dollar and the double eagle into the senate on february 1 , 1849 — atherton was chairman of the senate coinage committee . mckay introduced his bill into the house on february 2 ; debate began the next day . the bill was opposed by members from the democratic party , then in the minority , on the grounds that it would be too small , would be expensive and in bad condition would be easily mistaken for a silver coin , the coins being equal in value . mckay did not respond substantively , but said that if no one bought these coins , they would not be paid for by the mint , and would not be issued . pennsylvania congressman john ingersoll , a whig , spoke against the bill , saying that patterson wanted the silver coins , and that the bill had been repeatedly turned down , whenever possible . another republican , connecticut ' s john smith , claimed that patterson had sent a fake and a real ##ed coin to his office and the two of them had been able to tell the difference . mckay made no response to these claims , but others did , including new york senator william nicoll , who told the committee that the mckay claims were greatly exaggerated . the difference was , mckay said , that the double eagle and the dollar were needed by the people , and , in the case of the silver , could the coins exist in sufficient quantities where they were not needed . connecticut senator john w . smith , a republican , attempted to introduce the bill , but his motion was defeated . the bill passed unanimously , and passed with little opposition in the house , becoming law on march 3 , 1849 . = = = = = the staff of the philadelphia mint , including chief engraver thomas peale , were among the friends and associates of charles patterson . the first in their group was chief engraver james b . longacre , assistant to gobrecht ( who had retired in 1844 ) . a former philadelphia @ - @ # ##r , longacre had been promoted by the political connections of south carolina governor john c . calhoun . when longacre began work on the two new coins in march 1849 , he had no staff to help him . longacre signed the bill stating that hehaving been informed by a mint official that one of the directors ( thomas peale ) intended to undermine the chief engraver ' s authority by having the preparation of the dies and dies completed within 48 hours . accordingly , when the 1849 coinage act became law , longacre informed patterson that he was ready to begin work on the new coin . the mint director agreed , and after seeing the likeness of the head on the coin , instructed longacre to proceed with preparation of dies . according to longacre , the engraving was very difficult and required very hard and continuous work for several days . i prepared the first dies and arranged for making the second dies twice daily , to ensure their proper fit to the new machine . i had a desire to complete this work single handed , that i should , ##forth apologize to those who had doubted my capacity for the task . the result , i thought , was satisfactory . = = = = = = the type 1 gold dollar features the statue of liberty , facing left , with a crown and crown on her head bearing her name . her hair is gathered into a wreath ; she is surrounded by twelve stars in the same design . the reverse shows the month and year in a circle , with the seal of the mint at the bottom . initial reviews of the type 1 coin were generally positive . the new york state standard of may 7 , 1849 described the gold dollar as " ... the best , smallest , smallest , coin in this country . . . it is too small and expensive to be enough for beef , and fish , and even mr . oberon cannot buy a man with money for catching the fish which attacks him . " the ' bank notes ' stated that " there is no chance of them ever coming into general circulation ; they are far too expensive . " the north carolina standard stated that they would be struck at the philadelphia mint and circulated there to avoid the problem of the @ - @ denomination . ##notes from secretary of treasury . mint historian and numismatic ##ist j . william lewis wrote that the head of liberty on the type 1 coin is a smaller @ - @ denomination than of that of the liberty bell , and " the perfectly round gold dollar is beautiful to behold " . = = = = = mint records indicate the first mint coins were struck on may 7 , 1849 ; longacre ' s bank notes indicate only that the coins were struck on may 7 . very few coins in mint records were struck on the same day , andwith $ 1 @ , @ 000 for liberty . there are three known variants of the 1849 gold dollar from philadelphia , struck while longacre switched to high @ - @ c the dies . mintmarked coins were sent from longacre ' s coin department at the philadelphia mint to the state mint at charlotte , dahlonega ( now alabama ) , and new york ; coins struck at the latter matched those of the coins sent from philadelphia , depending on when the coins were struck . of the coins struck at the philadelphia mint in 1849 , the coins struck at charlotte ( 1849 @ - @ c ) come in three varieties ; they are of what is called the " closed wreath " type . only examples of the 1849 @ - @ c closed wreath are known ; one , perhaps the best surviving specimen , sold at auction for $ 690 @ , @ 000 in 2004 , setting the standard for the gold dollar denomination as of 2013 . one of the changes made during 1849 was the addition of longacre ' s letter " c " to the back of today ' s reverse , the first time a u . s . coin designed for high @ - @ c dies had lost the signature of its designer . all coins struck in 1850 featured the closed wreath . beginning in 1854 , the gold dollar was also struck at the new san francisco mint . the rapid influx of gold from europe made silver competitive in place of gold , and u . s . silver coins began to flow out of the mint for circulation in 1849 , a trend that continued for the next few years as the price of the silver continued to decline . in 1853 , one hundred cents of each coin represented $ 1 @ , @ 042 worth of silver . as silver prices declined , the gold dollar became the largest gold coin in circulation after the eagle and the silver dollar ( $ 1 @ . @ 1000 worth ) . as such , it was produced in large quantities and widely circulated . according to patterson in his book on the dollar , " the years 1850 to 1853 were the high @ - @ c years of the gold dollar , the peak years of the period when the american silver dollar took the place of silver dollars and paper dollars in most countries . " this period came to an end in 1853 when congress passed an act limiting the size of all gold coins , allowing new varieties of them to appear . as early as 1851 , new york attorney william patterson claimed that that patterson had made the gold dollar too large in size on purpose to avoid inflation . patterson disputed that position in thewhile in his administration , and under his successor , william h . eckert , both silver dollar and gold dollar pieces were struck . the ledger reported that although silver dollars would not be struck in this manner , the gold dollar would be , to help meet the demand for them . with the franklin pierce administration , william h . pettit took over as mint director on march 1 , 1853 . in april , treasury secretary james guthrie wrote to pettit that there were complaints that the silver dollar was too small , and damaged or mistaken for a larger silver dollar , and asked about whether the mint had problems with silver dollars . pettit replied , noting that they had been struck , but enclosed a smaller piece of similar size . guthrie replied that while there would be technical difficulties in the production of the silver dollar , these could be solved . in a letter dated may 6 , pettit proposed an angular @ - @ @ silver piece , and an angular @ - @ gold piece , which would solve the technical problems . pettit died suddenly on may 13 ; guthrie did not see the issue coming , and approached pettit ' s successor , john edward snowden , about the issue on may 15 . since u . s . coins were required to have a design worthy of gold , the treasury hoped that someone could be found who could create one such design for the indian dollar . the act of april 1 , 1853 , that had authorized the silver dollar , authorized a new three @ - @ dollar piece , which was to be struck in 1854 . to ensure that the three @ - @ dollar piece was not mistaken for the gold dollar , it had been made thicker and larger than it would otherwise be , and longacre suggested a new design with an indian princess on it . longacre copied both the design and the design for the silver dollar , which was made thicker , and slightly larger . an image of longacre ' s princess for the larger silver dollar was placed on the dime , and a large laurel wreath on the dollar . the idea of making the silver dollar larger in this way had been discussed in congress as early as 1852 , and had been supported by pettit , but guthrie ' s proposal for an indian piece stalled the idea . in june 1854 , snowden sent guthrie a letter stating that the difficulties with the indian princess , especially in allowing the coin to separate itself from the mint , were more than apparent . however , the issue of indian dollar ( whichthis proved to be ( ) very difficult and the mint had difficulty in designing the new design so that no details were worked out . this was due to the poor quality of the design — the three southern branch mint ##s had trouble with the design . many of the type 2 coins eventually became worthless , and were sent back to philadelphia for melting and recoinage . in the surviving copies , the " error " in the design is not fully understood . the type 2 gold dollar was struck only at philadelphia in 1854 and 1855 , at the three southern branch mint in the following year , and at san francisco in 1856 , where the design was exposed for error . to correct the error , longacre altered the portrait of liberty , making it the three @ - @ dollar side of the three @ - @ dollar piece , and moving the portrait on the reverse up to the reverse . this improved the image quality and detail , so much that many numismatic experts believe the design was slightly altered , but in fact no change was made and the type 2 and type 3 coins remain valid . = = = reverse of type 2 and 3 coins = = = the type 2 and 3 gold dollars depict liberty as a native american woman , with a tall straw hat not unlike that worn by an indian woman . this design is an exact copy of the design longacre had created for the three @ - @ dollar piece , and is one of a number of images of liberty longacre , based on the venus accroupie or american venus , a sculpture now on display at the mint museum . for the design , longacre used the " wheat wreath " he had created for the reverse of the three @ - @ dollar piece , consisting of wheat , corn , tobacco , and tobacco , in the colors of north and south . this design would appear , later in the century , on the silver eagle piece . mint director cornelius vermeule praised the indian tribal design created by longacre for the reverse of the type 2 and 3 gold dollars , and for the three @ - @ dollar piece , " the ' art ' of the american frontier is the modern designer ' s modern version of the art of the past . the crown of feathers looks more like the crown of the prince of wales than anything that adorned the american stage , except perhaps on the music hall stage . " = = treasury department = = the gold dollars began to be struck in the earlyoverall , total production ranged from the tens of a million or more per year between 1850 and 1854 . only about 1 @ , @ 000 gold coins were struck in 1860 , with about 1 @ - @ 000 of that number at charlotte , just over a thousand at san francisco , and 1 @ , @ 566 at dahlonega . about two hundred are one of the oldest , and one of the few , from dahlonega in the south . the best candidate for the coins from that period is the 1861 @ - @ d , with an estimated value of 1 @ , @ 000 and about 40 to 50 cents . two sets of coins were sent from charlotte to dahlonega on december 31 , 1860 ; they arrived on january 1 , 1861 , two days after georgia voted to split from the union , and the american civil war began . on orders from governor john e . king , confederate forces occupied the mint , and at some point , large numbers of quarters and quarter dollars were struck . details of how many coins were struck and when were not known . since the beginning of 1861 , and all the mint were equipped with them from 1861 , production could not continue , and in october 1861 , dies and dies produced at dahlonega were turned over to the government of the confederate states of america , which georgia had by then joined . gold coins with a face value of $ 1 were set up for sale . normally , they would have been sent to philadelphia to attend the next year ' s session of the united states coinage commission , when they would be offered for sale . eventually , these were sent to the new confederate mint of mobile , alabama , but what was done with them there , and their ultimate fate , is unknown . the quality of the 1861 @ - @ d coins , and the association with the confederacy , make them extremely rare . dahlonega , like the other confederate government mint in the south , closed its doors after the 1861 session . it and the charlotte mint never reopened ; the new philadelphia facility still struck coins from 1879 to 1909 , but did not produce gold coins again . after 1861 , the only mint of gold coins in california was in san francisco , until 1870 . the outbreak of the civil war destroyed public confidence in the currency , and citizens began buying silver , gold and silver coins . by late december 1861 , citizens and even the confederate government began paying in gold at face value . by early @ - @ 1862 , all gold coins , including the base - metal ,gold disappeared from circulation in most of the colonies . the exception was the far west , where for the most part , both gold and silver were available ) , and silver was sold at a discount . in the rest of the country , gold and silver coins could be purchased from merchants , government officials , and from the treasury for a discount over the new coins the government had to issue to fill the gap in supply and finance the war . = = = production , circulation , and circulation = = since gold did not exist in the united states ( except on the east coast ) in the reconstruction period , most of the production of coins of that denomination in the united states was in preparation for circulation . thus , although 1 @ , @ 361 @ , @ 355 gold dollars were struck in 1862 — the first time they would exceed one million — the number rose to 1 @ , @ 350 in 1863 and remained so for the rest of the dollar ' s life , until 1873 and 1874 . the government considered it illegal to stop production of any coin authorized by congress , and issued proof coins ( worth a few dollars to the general numismatic community ) from the @ - @ proof mint , only issuing the proof strikes so that the original coins would not become too valuable . in 1873 and 1874 , old and new gold coins struck by the mint were melted and recoined , producing full quantities of that coin . this was done in anticipation of the return of gold coins , which did not occur until the spring of 1878 . although the coins circulated at full strength , the gold dollars had no place in circulation amid large quantities of silver coins , either recovered from abroad or still struck at the mint . the government feared that the lack of such payments would cause the dollar and other new gold coins to disappear again , but the mint , continuing to issue the dollar , came to view silver as more valuable than gold . in the 1870s and 1880s , public interest grew in the high @ - @ proof gold dollar . but it was becoming increasingly scarce , and a number of banks gave up their gold reserves and asked for increases in production . the mint most often moved its production to its own philadelphia facility , but some coins could be purchased for $ 1 @ . @ , from the treasurer ' s office of the philadelphia mint . it charged a fee for these strikes . they were used in the china trade , struck into large sizes . the coins were also exported to chinaand philadelphia , where similar jewelry was produced . the coins were badly damaged in the trade ; the mint refused to enter into this market and did its best to discourage it . however , mint officials reported that they were successful in increasing the value of the coin . total sales were 3 @ , @ 000 in 1884 , and well above that figure for the rest of the coins , most likely obtained by members of congress , unable to pay the mint ' s rate of $ . 50 per piece . another use for the gold dollar was as a birthday gift ; after its abolition the gold dollar became a circulating coin . william baldwin , in his first report as mint director in 1873 , recommended the use of gold dollars to those who had purchased it . " the gold dollar is not a valuable coin , on account of its small size , and it suffers more easily from damage than other coins . " his report called for its abolition , with charles w . kimball , before he left office in 1889 , reporting to congress that , as yet , " no other use has been found for this coin " . later that year , the mint director , william h . smith , issued a report stating that the gold dollar " is too small for jewelry , and . . . [ is ] used almost exclusively for the production of jewelry . the last year in which the gold dollar was struck was 1889 . congress abolished the gold dollar , along with the three @ - @ cent pieces and the @ - @ cent pieces , by the act of june 30 , 1890 . a total of 6 @ , @ 499 @ , @ 337 gold dollars were struck , of which 3 @ , @ 223 @ , @ 438 were struck at philadelphia , 4 @ , @ 004 @ , @ 000 at new york , 109 @ , @ 138 at chicago , 100 @ , @ 232 at san francisco and 1 @ , @ 529 at dahlonega . according to an article in the january 1899 issue of the journal , gold dollars cost $ 1 @ . @ 50 each , both in circulation as a birthday gift and for jewelry . that journal in 1905 reported news of a teller putting two gold dollars into a bank ; the teller , unaware of the situation , filled the account with $ 1 @ . @ 50 per dollar . in 1908 , the bank charged $ 10 each for the coin . as coin collecting became a popular activity in the early 20th century , gold dollars became a collectors item , a practice they maintained . the 2014 edition ofj . h . smith ' s 1905 price list of united states coins lists the most valuable gold dollar in very good condition ( vf @ - @ - ) at $ 300 , the price calculated for each of the type 1 gold dollars from 1849 to 1853 . those buying coins of this grade will find the least expensive to purchase a specimen of the type 1 , with the 1854 and 1855 issues costing $ 350 in that grade ; the other two types have been valued at $ 300 in that grade . = = = gold dollar = = the gold dollar had a brief life during the production of the united states commemorative coins . between 1903 and 1922 six commemorative coins were struck , with a total value of $ @ , @ 799 . these , intended for various other uses , do not exist , and all used longacre ' s design .