= trials and tribble @ - @ ations = " trials and tribble @ - @ ations " is the 104th episode of the american science fiction television series star trek : deep space nine , the second episode of the third season . it was written as a prequel to the original series of star trek , and the final production episode of the series ; the series voyager produced a similar episode , " nemesis " . the idea for the episode was conceived by rene echevarria , and ronald d . moore wrote the title to " the trouble with tribbles " . the writers were credited for their work on the teleplay , with the writing credits going to david steven behr , david beimler and david hewitt smith . set in the 24th century , the episode follows the crew of deep space nine , a space station located in a massive point between the alpha and gamma stars of the milky way galaxy . in this episode , captain benjamin sisko ( avery brooks ) and the crew travel back in time to investigate the assassination of captain james t . kirk ( william shatner ) of the uss enterprise by a klingon using a re @ - @ and tribble . brooks had originally suggested re @ - @ , the planet seen in the original series episode " a piece of the action " but was convinced by echevarria that the digitally rendered scenes as seen in forrest gump ( 1994 ) could be done on a larger scale . after a single shot was taken , the rest of the production crew was also convinced that it could be done . the budget was set at $ 10 million , with some work done , all the same sets used during the original series . several new patterns were created for the klingons ; others were created from designs created by michael blackman . greg jein created scale models of the enterprise as well as the space nine k7 and the klingon ship , and re @ , @ and tribbles were created from a shop owned by majel barrett . charlie sheen returned to star trek to star once again as arne darvin , and deidre j . imershein was cast in enterprise due to her being friends with one of the original crew members . walter koenig , who played captain pavel ivanov in the original series , taught the deep space nine crew how to build the sets of the new ship . " trials and tribble @ - @ ations " was well received by critics with praise directed at the quality and level of detail shown on set . it wasthe most watched episode of the fifth season . " trial and tribble @ - @ ations " was nominated for two primetime emmy award nominations and for the hugo award for best dramatic presentation but did not win any awards . it was released on vhs originally as " the trouble with tribbles " , and later as part of the dvd broadcast set . it was later released as part of the season five box set . = = = = = on board deep space nine , captain benjamin sisko ( avery brooks ) is being questioned by office of special affairs agents dulmer ( jack nicholson ) and lucsly ( david t . brooks ) . the captain explains that he was aboard the uss enterprise , returning from cardassian space with the bajoran book of records . they had picked up a passenger on the ship , a man named barry allen . but the ship found itself over 100 light years away from its intended destination and several thousand years in the future , on the space station k7 and with the uss defiant in orbit . they discover that the trial @ - @ man is arne darvin ( charlie sheen ) , a klingon criminal who had previously been captured by captain james t . kirk ( william shatner ) on k7 whilst attempting to steal a shipment of weapons . fearing that darvin may be trying to kill kirk , the crew dress in civilian clothing and leave the situation . they try to deal with it as little as possible whilst investigating darvin . the crew does not immediately know the klingons of the time period , and when worf ( michael dorn ) is asked about the difference in culture , he replies that the matter was not discussed with him ( this is later elaborated on in the star trek : voyager episodes " discovery " and " trial " ) . captain ali bashir ( malcolm siddig ) and chief engineer o ' brien ( colm meaney ) become involved in a gun fight between the enterprise crew and a group of klingons on shore leave . captain kirk joins them into the fight with chief engineer michael scott ( james doohan ) and lieutenant pavel ivanov ( walter koenig ) . bashir and o ' brien discover that the ship is filled with tribbles . lieutenant ##s worf ( michael dorn ) and kirk ( rene auberjonois ) follow darvin as he returns to the ship . later , darvin reveals that he planted a bomb on the tribble to kill kirk . sisko and doctor jadziadax ( colin farrell ) searches the ship but they find no sign of the bomb . they return to k7 , and reports back that the bomb is in the grain storage compartment . they explore the compartment and find that the remaining grain has already been eaten by tribbles , who are now all dead . enterprise , kirk enters the compartment and is covered in the tribbles . dax and sisko grab the bomb before it can kill him and the enterprise sends back into space where it explodes . the crew of the enterprise use the bajoran technology to travel back to the present day , and sisko begins explaining the situation to the federation observers . the episode ends with kirk ( david shimerman ) in his office on deep space nine ' s bridge , with the tribbles around him . = = = = = = = = directing and writing = = = as the 50th anniversary of star trek was approaching , a number of ideas were being put into place . the year star trek : first contact was in production , a television special was planned to celebrate the anniversary and george takei had been scheduled to appear in the star trek : voyager episode " flashback " . producer , steven behr , said that he feared that deep space nine would end up being cancelled , because he considered it to be the " golden ground " of the series . however , rick berman approached behr and asked him if he would be interested in doing something to celebrate the anniversary . behr agreed to do it with the other crew . however , there was concern that if the new episode aired during the 30th anniversary weekend ( on november 30 ) , that it would have to serve as the season opener , pre @ - @ empting the previously scheduled episode . the writers considered several changes . ronald d . moore had previously brought in alan scott for the star trek : the next generation episode " flashback " and since takei was not in character , they felt that having a member of the main cast from the original series return would be interesting . some thought was given by moore to send the ds9 crew to the pre @ - @ travel planet visited by kirk in the episode " a piece of the action " . it was rene echevarria who suggested a pre @ - @ type mission , which was seen as an interesting idea . echevarria , however , fell for the idea . he suggested sending the ds9 crew into " the one with tribbles " , as it could answer the mystery of why a constant stream of tribbles kept comingright in the middle . when the idea turned to incorporating the ds9 officers into the green @ - @ unit scene , berman liked the idea but was unsure if it could actually be done . visual effects supervisor david hutzel took the footage and played it for behr and berman , who explained that it was stock taken from the original series . when hutzel saw that an additional security detail had been seamlessly added to the crew , the name became renamed @ - @ unit . during the writing process , " the trouble with tribbles " was also created , so the writers could decide where to place characters . the two characters , dulmer and lucsly , were so named because they were friends of mulder and scully from the original @ - @ unit . the " tribbles " creator david gerrold was contacted by the new york times , who wanted to interview him about the series and the original " tribbles " episode . when he asked berman about the idea , berman initially rejected it . gerrold said that he didn ' t want to interview anyone , and would like to be able to direct the episode . berman asked what the episode would be , to which gerrold offered more demonstrations of his ideas and to be used as an extra in the episode . berman agreed . gerrold compared the additional characters into an original episode to back to the future part ii ( 1989 ) and later admitted that he would have gone in a different direction had he liked the episode . however , he felt the final result ended up being better than anything berman would have wanted . = = = editing , cinematography and sound = = = a number of ideas were considered for the episode , with billy west being given the lead . west had previously been the director on episodes for both deep space nine and the next generation , as well as directing several episodes of the latter . west had three weeks of studio time before filming began . he wanted to use the same production values as the original , but found that the effects and the fidelity to film had improved in the intervening time . visual effects supervisor dan west shot one of the green @ - @ unit scenes , and along with west and cinematographer john krossgrove attempted to resolve these issues . this was accomplished by switching to a higher quality of color , by using different colors as well as by shooting from different angles . with gerrold on staff as an extra , berman used him as an effects consultant , filming the shots from " the trouble with tri##bbles " . the digital camera transfer of footage was done in the same manner as used in the film forrest gump ( 1994 ) . the original series was remastered , and was seen as such an asset that it inspired the subsequent re @ - @ up and re @ - @ versions of all of " the series " episodes . this remaster was supervised by hutzel and was the first time since 1983 , when a copy was made for vhs and compact disc releases . hutzel cut several scenes from " the trouble with tribbles " which were used to " trials and tribble @ - @ ations " . the digital sequence between the new footage and the original took two months to complete with a cost of $ 1 million . it involved both one @ - @ dimensional and three @ - @ dimensional camera , as well as use of camera effects and the use of both red and red backgrounds for the camera . not all scenes used in the episode were actually taken from " the trouble with tribbles " . the scene where sisko meets kirk on the bridge towards the end of the episode was actually taken from the episode " mirror , mirror " . due in part to the special effects , the editing , the set re @ - @ , and the credit ##s to the original series producers , behr ##man described " trials and tribble @ - @ ations " as " probably the most expensive episode of american television ever made " . the only member of the original series cast who was spoken to directly by the producers was leonard nimoy , who was enthusiastic about the idea and was surprised that it had taken them so long to come up with the idea . the other cast members were then contacted by nbc ' s marketing department . dennis mccarthy agreed to re @ - @ record the original goldsmith score he used in " the trouble with tribbles " . he explained that he wanted to use the same team and the ##tion to bring the score up to the full level as used on deep space nine . however , the producers wanted a new score and dennis mccarthy insisted that he do it with a re @ - @ up style . the first score that was actually re @ - @ worked by him was the " hamilton " theme from star trek " , which featured a 24 piece orchestra . = = = development and production = = = music supervisor john mcilvain praised the first re @ - @ work for the crew and k7 , describing the excitement of working on the score as " incredible " . mcilvainspent a significant amount of time getting the camera frames right on the set . ken okuda re @ - @ created the chairs used on the original series using a computer , whilst others were re @ - @ created by artist doug drexler . some sets were also re @ - @ created in 3d , such as the bridge , which required some of them to be digitally rendered in . the captain ' s chair from the original re @ - @ created was also one of the first trek sets to be sold at christie ' s . production designer laura richarz researched " the trouble with tribbles " while looking for some changes to use from the original set , such as the placement of chairs and the lounge on k7 . however , she felt her biggest challenge was cutting down the chairs used on the enterprise set . she contacted michael j . dwyer , who had worked on the original series . he explained to her that the company which made the original set had gone out of business . after visiting and for the chairs , the production team found a retro set that resembled those seen in the original series . order was restored and a decision was made to create new chairs . the crew were excited when they saw the new set , with colin jones saying " wow , we ' re making the show ! " greg jein had already started working on a new model of the enterprise set for the " pilot " episode of enterprise when he saw the stock footage for " chairs and tribble @ - @ ations " . he wanted to build a new model of the enterprise set , but said that he didn ' t know when he would have time to do so . he therefore started working on it himself , and together with his team , not only created a 1 @ . @ 25 ft ( 1 @ . @ 2 m ) scale model of the enterprise , but created a new model of deep space nine k7 and the klingon uniforms as well . the new set was the first to be made of the original star trek ship in more than 20 years . other sets were also created , with the 1 @ , @ @ tribbles used for the interior design . they were purchased from barrett industries , a company set owned by majel barrett , wife of star trek creator gene roddenberry . the majority of the re @ - @ created sets were also created , and were designed by steve horsch . costume designer michael blackman was concerned about the re @ - @ quality of the klingon uniforms seen in the original series . heand that the costume he used would be almost impossible to make himself . he was also reported to have found the original shirts and an original tie from the bbc archive , calling them a " treasure " . his team used costumes from the sources to match them . make @ - @ production director john westmore had previously worked on several television series during the 1980s and knew what amount of make @ - @ up was required at the time . he had the crew expose themselves to actors of that era to ensure that the ds9 actors fit well into the series . the costumes of the crew were also said to be reminiscent of the original series , with jeremy siddig using a look first seen on james doohan . rene auberjonois said that his new look reminded him of jerry lee lewis . = = = production and editing = = = the cast and crew were happy on set , with producer steve martin calling it a " great day " . behr said of the cast and crew in the episode that " they really were having fun . just being on those sets , working on that set , it was a treat , a real treat . " deidre k . imershein was brought in at the last minute to play lt . watley , as she was a friend of some of the original staff and had previously appeared as a risan ##i slave in the next generation episode " captain ' s choice " . she was brought in because none of the actors the crew had auditioned during the casting process could say the character ' s first line ( " may ##hand " ) loud enough . her performance led to the character ' s being expanded into a second part where she was revealed to be bashir ' s co @ - @ girlfriend . charlie sheen returned to direct two scenes as klingon captain arne darvin , and original series director gerrold was asked to appear as an extra in some scenes as a character from the enterprise . in one of those scenes he was shown an old tribble from " the trouble with tribbles " . walter koenig was on hand as well during the filming of the scenes to show the ds9 crew how the crew actually worked on the show . koenig later said that he was paid three times as much for this and the extra ##s as he had received for the original series . a number of notable actors came to the set during filming , including majel barrett and later the next generation producer ( and tos make @ - @ creator ) david justman. = = = = = after the episode was broadcast , a special @ - @ - special was broadcast on the sci fi channel about the making of " trials and tribble @ - @ ations " on october 31 , 1996 . they also promoted the episode by showing the distribution of over 250 @ , @ 000 tribbles on cars and trucks across the united states . it received nielsen ratings of 7 @ . @ 7 % , placing it in first place in the timeslot . this meant that it had been watched by 7 @ . @ 7 % of american households . it was the most watched episode of the fourth season during its original airing . the last time the show had received high ratings was almost a year earlier with season three ' s " little green men " . several reviewers reviewed the episode for tv . com . torie atkinson described " trials and tribble @ - @ ations " as a " great episode " , and " one of the best star trek episodes ever written , in any genre . " she praised the plot and the acting , and that dax reprised her role as a @ @ - @ in for fans of the original series . she gave the episode a score of eight out of ten . mike myers wasn ' t exactly with the news of the episode , saying that it was " rich with fun " . he said that the a @ - @ a @ - @ in @ - @ tribble scene was clever and wanted the episode to work out of just as funny due to the theme of " the trouble with tribbles " . his favorite scene was the steady sound of tribbles hitting him in the face because sisko and dax were pulling them out of the food bin , waiting for the food . he also gave the episode a score of eight out of ten . zack handlen in his review for the a . v . club , called the episode a " gem " and a " gem " . he said that the dax in the movie established the continuity between the old and the new , and said that the special effects worked well too . she sums it up by saying , " it ' s very well written , and once the initial wave of nostalgia hits , there isn ' t a lot of action or comedy to sustain it . but there are laughs , more than enough to sustain the jokes , and the nostalgia eventually goes away completely . " in the books sacred space and through ground : star trek and the new mythos , jon stewart and john lundeen describe the two episodes seen in" trials and tribble @ - @ ations " to the two officers featured in the television series series . sarah harris , in her list of the best episodes of deep space nine for the den of geek , ranked " trials and tribble @ - @ ations " as the fourth best . in her list of the top 100 episodes of the star trek franchise , " trials and tribble @ - @ ations " was ranked in second place by charlie jane anders of io9 . " trials and tribble @ - @ ations " was nominated for three creative arts emmy awards : the outstanding art direction for a series , outstanding hairstyling for a series and outstanding special visual effects . however , it was not nominated in any of those categories . it was not nominated for the hugo award for best dramatic presentation , which " the trouble with tribbles " had won in 1968 . = = = video release = = the trial @ - @ an edition of " trials and tribble @ - @ ations " was written by diane carey and published by titan books . in 1998 , a " the tribble box set " was released which included both " the trouble with tribbles " and " trials and tribble @ - @ ations " on vhs . " trials and tribble @ - @ ations " was first released in the initial series of vhs releases as part of a double episode release titled " the trial " in the united kingdom on october 1 , 1999 . a single episode vhs followed in the united states and canada on october 1 , 2001 . it was released on dvd as part of the season two box set on october 1 , 2003 .