= = = ( [UNK] ) = andrew johnston ( born 23 september 1994 ) is a british singer who rose to fame when he competed as a boy soprano on the fourth series of the british television talent show britain ' s got talent in 2008 . although he did not win the competition , he signed a contract to record with syco music , a label founded by the britain ' s got talent winner simon cowell . johnston ' s debut album , one voice , was released in october of the same year , and reached number one on the uk albums chart . although he originally sang as a treble , his voice has since changed to soprano , and he is currently a member of the carlisle youth choir . johnston was born in dumfries , scotland , and his parents separated when he was an infant . he and his mother moved to carlisle , where they lived in " poverty " . johnston was head boy at carlisle cathedral , and was popular at school because of his love of classical music . while some critics have claimed britain ' s got talent only took advantage of johnston ' s youth , others have accepted his talent as true . in 2009 , he graduated from trinity college . he currently teaches music @ - @ music at the royal northern college of music . = = = = = = = = still childhood and carlisle cathedral choir = = = johnston was born on 23 september 1994 in dumfries , scotland , the son of andrew johnston and morag brannock . he was given the birth name of andrew andrew james brannock or andrew alexander andrew andrew james johnston . johnston ' s parents separated when he was six years old , and from that time he lived with his mother and two younger sisters in carlisle , cumbria , in the north of england , where he attended primary school . johnston tried out for carlisle cathedral choir at the age of six at the suggestion of kim smith , a teacher at his old school . he was spotted by the conductor jeremy suter and accepted into the choir at the age of seven . johnston ' s mother , who had no previous experience with the choir , described her experience of being overwhelmed with joy at hearing her son son in such a " beautiful place among those wonderful people " . his mother initially disliked johnston ' s strict schedule of singing seven days a week and all day long , and that he took up most of their spare time . however , she said that the cathedral choir was like a family to her son , and that " it was such a wonderful , warm , welcoming environment for him " . johnston, who attended the service , was subjected to bullying and bullying from neighbours which led him to consider leaving the choir , although he was supported through the choir by his mother and the dean and canons of the cathedral . at the time of his appearance on britain ' s got talent , johnston was head boy . in april 2008 , following his appearance in britain ' s got talent and following the release of his debut album , johnston went on a tour of norway with the choir , performing at oslo cathedral and utstein cathedral , among other places . the tour was successful because the diocese of oslo is linked with the diocese of carlisle and the centre for church music . this was johnston ' s first tour with the choir . he appeared as a soloist on one of the choir ' s albums , the sacred works of j . john wadely , released in may 2008 . = = = britain ' s got talent = = = johnston was selected as a contestant on the fourth series of britain ' s got talent by his parents . he won the first televised audition , singing " pie jesu " from andrew lloyd webber ' s lulu . amanda holden , one of the show ' s judges , was invited to audition , and the audience gave him a standing audition . johnston was announced as the favourite to win the competition . however , johnston described his first audition as frightening , saying that " it was like singing in front of the @ , @ 100 people . i almost never sung on tv . – . there were only paul , amanda and simon " . johnston won his first @ - @ 100 audition on 17 may 2008 , receiving the most public votes on the night and thus qualifying for the final . he sang " made in heaven " by eric clapton ; amanda holden told him he had " a message from god in [ his ] heart " . in the final on 23 may , johnston again sang " pie jesu " . he finished in third place , behind the judges , the professional singer simon sampson and the @ - @ 100 , the pop team respectively . johnston left the stage in tears , later saying that he " was scared . but when you saw the music that is there , it was an honour ... to be in the final " . the day before the final , cowell ' s manager simon clifford said that it was " quite unbelievable " that cowell would be offering record deals to all of the contestants , including johnston . johnston and other contestants then embarked on a uk concert tour . during his first tour, he said that he was abused and abused from the age of five because of his singing . when asked how he dealt with the bullying , he said " i concentrated on singing . " there were reports in the daily express , a six @ - @ uk daily newspaper , that the album ' s producers had deliberately portrayed the story of johnston ' s bullying as a " sob story " , and that bullying rather than his singing won him one of the hits . however , in the media , johnston ' s sob story was described as " the stuff of legends " , as he was successful despite having been raised in " bullying " . he said he did not complain about being bullying because he was forced to do so by teachers , but " because i thought it would make people who are going through what i have gone through feel better " . johnston has since visited schools and worked to help other victims of bullying . he said " i want to use my experience of bullying to help other people " . = = = one voice = = = on 10 june 2008 , while johnston was touring with the britain ' s got talent 2008 tour , it was announced that johnston had signed a record deal with syco music , a subsidiary of sony bmg , and that his debut album would be released during the tour . the deal was signed for £ ##4 million . after signing with syco , johnston made several appearances , including appearances at andrew lloyd webber ' s birthday party on 17 june , and at carlisle racecourse ' s brunton park . johnston ' s debut album , one voice , was released on 21 september 2008 . it included a cover of " up in the air " , recorded with faryl jones . the album was recorded during a uk @ - @ recording session in 2008 , and the track listing was chosen by cowell . johnston described the recording process as " amazing " , and that it was " really exciting – just to get into the recording studio and hear the right people " . the album debuted on the uk charts at number three , and finished the year at number two . the album was later certified gold , having sold 100 @ , @ 000 copies , and johnston was awarded a gold disc by bbc television presenter maggie smith . critics responded positively to the album , with kate moss , writing for the korea joongang times , saying johnston " has more talent than any of his musical peers " and that " the intensity " of johnston ' s voice on the album " makes for a great listening experience " . bbc music week ,the album was described as " highly @ - @ inspired " , and johnston was called " highly @ - @ inspired " . following the album ' s release , johnston became involved in the sing sing movement , performing at concerts across the country to encourage other young people to join him . in december 2008 , he made a surprise appearance at whitehaven ' s christmas festival , and performed at a church service in manchester . he was also invited to put on the carlisle cathedral lights and sing at the cathedral . john mitchelson , of carlisle city council , described johnston as " one of our musical heroes " . = = = 2000s and 2010s = = = in december 2009 , johnston announced that he would be taking a year off from music as his voice had deteriorated , reducing him to a tenor . he had previously sung as a baritone . he said " the teachers at [ the royal northern college of music ] said they ' ll be able to hear my voice in there . it ' s the same as it always was , only different " . johnston ' s voice was changed from a tenor to a baritone . after being out of the choir for two years , he joined the carlisle youth choir , saying " i ' m just a kid out carlisle – no one else on britain ' s got talent and i ' m happy about that " . in 2011 , he was awarded a royal academy of church music gold medal ; other performances that year included a christmas concert , with singers simon bromley and tony green , at st mary ' s church , helsby in cumbria . in september 2013 , johnston began to study for a bachelor of music degree at the royal northern college of music , under the guidance of jeff smith , who had previously taught him at the same college . he also joined the queen ' s chapel choir and the carlisle cathedral choir , but stated that he wanted to only sing with the carlisle youth choir where possible . as a child , johnston ' s voice was severely affected by a broken nose , the result of an asthma attack in a carlisle pub on new year ' s day , 2014 . = = family life = = johnston ' s family home is in stanwix , carlisle . his mother , morag brannock , worked for the office for national statistics before giving up her job to support her son ' s education . prior to his britain ' s got talent audition , johnston attended a school , and he received advice from a private tutor . he said that he " got a lot of support from other people when .. . took part in britain ' s got talent " , and was awarded a civic award for outstanding achievement by carlisle city council in may 2009 . johnston ' s skills include karate , in which he holds a black belt . the carlisle daily news and courier reported in january 2012 that johnston had become the first person in the uk to be granted a licence to practice the art . = = singles = = studio ##graphy