= = ( sufjan stevens song ) = illinois ( = sufjan stevens wants you to : come and see the illinoise on the road ; also stylized as illinoise ) is a 2005 studio album by american indie rock musician sufjan stevens . it is his fifth studio album , and features songs about places , events , and people related to the u . s . state of illinois . it is stevens ' first album about the u . s . , — out of a long series of albums that began with the 2003 album michigan that he has since described as a failure . stevens recorded and mixed the album at battery studios in new york city using low @ - @ fidelity recording equipment and a variety of techniques in late 2004 and early 2005 . the music and lyrics describe the history , culture , politics , and people of the state — and celebrate them by using cultural , literary , and historical sources . upon its march 1 , 2005 release date , stevens promoted illinois with a nationwide tour . critics praised the album for its low @ - @ fidelity lyrics and lush production ; in addition , they noted stevens ' growth as a songwriter since the release of michigan . illinois was named the best @ - @ fidelity album of 2005 by review aggregator metacritic , and was included on several publications ' " albums of the year " lists — including those of pitchfork , npr , and rolling stone . the album led to stevens ' biggest commercial success to date : it was his first to chart on the billboard 200 , and it topped the billboard list of " heatseekers albums " . the lush production and complex songwriting of the album drew comparisons to albums by steve earle , neil young , and the beatles . with many references to illinois history , culture , and art , it became a trademark of his songwriting style , with many references to his christian faith . = = vocals , songwriting , and production = = stevens began his low @ - @ fidelity project in 2003 with the album illinois and chose to focus on politics with this album because " it wasn ' t a big state " , and he chose the state because he considered it the " center of gravity " for the illinois people . in writing the album , stevens read books by american authors saul williams and carl foreman , and researched state laws and history books for the record — but made the conscious decision to avoid political issues and focus on historical subjects . stevens also drove himself to various locations in illinois and asked friends and members of the green rooms for advice on their experiences in the state . although stevens began recording in 2004 onan @ - @ related album and " after recording the rhode island album " , stevens has since not released an album based on the state , stating in a may 2009 interview with npr that " the whole thing was just a joke , " and telling john fordham of the guardian in december 2009 " i have no regrets about it [ the garden state tour ] was a publicity stunt . " an early @ - @ tribute song was played on npr as " the song the state " and songs written for new jersey and new york on the bqe . all of the songs on illinois were written , recorded , arranged , and produced by stevens , with most of the songs being recorded at the blue piano studio in astoria , queens , and in stevens ' brooklyn apartment . as with his previous albums , stevens recorded in various locations , with the guitars recorded at st . paul ' s church in manhattan ; bass and vocals recorded in friends ' apartments ; other instruments recorded at the new jersey recording studio in clarksboro , new jersey ; and drums recorded at sony music studios in new york city . stevens also recorded the album without supervision , focusing on the writing , recording , and production aspects of the album by himself : " i was very involved in the creation of illinois . i spent a lot of time alone , a few days in california working on my songs and in the studio . i let it grow and consume me , without thinking about an album or a live performance at all . " stevens used seattle @ - @ fidelity recording equipment , which allowed him to maintain creative control and keep costs down for the project . initially , his work involved cutting to 1 : 1 @ - @ fidelity , using standard equipment such as the shure sm57 and akg c1000 . stevens also used pro tools for mixing and other technical tasks . after consulting with michael kaufmann and john brams of hello records about the quality of songs he had recorded , stevens decided against a new album , saying that would be " impossible " . in 2006 , the tracks recorded during these sessions were sent to seattle @ - @ recording engineer and producer john mcallister for the strings and vocals , and were released in 2006 on the seattle @ - @ compilation , the illinois : outtakes and demos from the chicago sessions . among these tracks were three different versions of the song " illinois " — including the " multiple personality disorder version " , which was recorded during the recording session . the " adult contemporary easy listening version " of the song was sent toappeared on the same label , but was dropped at the last minute . illinois was released on june 10 , 2005 , by rough trade records in canada and was distributed worldwide by hello kitty records on june 15 , 2005 . although stevens initially had no plans to perform this album live , less than two years after the release of illinois , stevens embarked on a north american tour to promote the album , performing with a rotating band of eight to ten musicians called the illinoisemakers . stevens also refused to use television as a promotional tool and concentrated on the live performances themselves . illinois was supported on select dates by canadian acts liz janes ( who were also signed to hello kitty ) and laura veirs as well as longtime collaborator shara nelson ' s solo project my brightest diamond . stevens toured in support of the album again from september to december 2006 , this time with shows in several us cities . during the 2006 tour , stevens and his band switched from wearing all of illinois @ - @ based costumes to black robes and angel wings . = = musical style and lyrical content = = critics have noted similarities between this music and those of musicians and composers from various musical genres — from jazz to contemporary pop , to folk tunes and multiple @ - @ based time signatures . the songs and their various thematic elements have been praised for their poetic content , drawing comparisons to ralph waldo emerson , henry david porter , william carlos williams , and walt whitman . = = = musical style = = = critics of illinois have compared stevens ' music to steve reich , vince guaraldi , the danielson famile , neil young , nick cave , and death cab for cutie . stevens ' use of various musical instruments in his music — much of it produced by himself . the use of multi @ - @ based instruments — has been praised by several critics . rolling stone praised the musical style of illinois , saying " the music ranges from high school rock songs , show tunes and pop music ; we strongly believe steve stevens ' s love for the guitar is the most @ - @ based instrument in the stevens music , since he likes to use them in his own instrumental pieces . " a review in the a . v . club referred to some of the studio work as " regressively complex arrangements " , but found stevens ' music overall to be " well executed " . the song " come on ! go the illinoise ! " samples the main riff from " talk to me " by the beatles . the release of illinois marked a shift in stevens ' focus on songwriting and production , towardalbum , and explored various aspects of music and musical — . songs and videos emphasize classical music and electronic music over the punk rock influences of chicago and chicago . stevens also began writing songs about fictional characters with elaborate names and personalities , and even considered quitting the music industry shortly after recording and releasing this album . stevens has stated that the way in which he contributes to music has changed since recording illinois : i think that i work more as a composer and a musician . i ' m always studying music in terms of what i can get out of it , and i think i ' ve always been doing that . i have a hard time with playing for myself . i ' m thinking more about myself , and more of a different way . so , what is the purpose of this song ? what is the use of this song for this song and theme ? what are they doing that ' s happening here , and how do we learn from that ? stevens was a highly trained composer and his knowledge of classical and electronic music influenced many of his songs . stevens himself has acknowledged the influence of composers igor stravinsky , sergei ivanov , and edvard nobel ; and with american composers terry riley , steve reich , and philip glass . the music on this album was intended to be grandiose , to celebrate the state of the state . stevens used time signature changes in the music of illinois for dramatic effect — for example , " come on ! feel the illinoise ! " begins with a 4 / 4 time signature and then switches to a faster 4 / 4 tempo in the chorus . = = = = ##e = = = many of the songs on illinois make reference to people , places , and events related to the state of the same name . " see the ufo ##s near highland , illinois " is about a ufo sighting by police officers near highland , illinois , where two witnesses report seeing a large black ufo with bright lights burning in it . " come on ! feel the illinoise ! " makes reference to the world ' s columbian exposition , which took place in chicago in 1893 . " john wayne gacy , jr . " tells the story of the infamous chicago @ - @ - serial killer of the same name . the lyrics make direct reference to events in his life : " [ w ] hen the swingset hit his head " refers to an incident in gacy ' s life , when a baseball hit his head and caused a blood vessel in his brain ; " he dressed up like a clown for them / with his face painted onand wasp " refers to the nickname given to gacy — the " killer wasp " ; and " everyone has a bounty on their heads / steady hand , a smile on the lips " references gacy ' s use of torture to torture and kill his victims . the song ends with the singer joking around with the audience : " and on my dying day , i am dying just like him / digging under the bed for the treasure i have hidden . " stevens stated in a 2009 interview with billboard that " we ' re very proud of what [ gacy ] did . " " casimir pulaski day " relates a similar theme with the national holiday casimir pulaski day . " the mayor of metropolis stole our money " makes reference to superman , whose fictional city of metropolis is also named after illinois ( the name of springfield , illinois , also plays on this theme ) . jessica davis of the chicago tribune noted that charles band — who was the first actor to portray the comic book superhero — was also born in illinois . " they are the people ! ! they are alive ! ! they have come back from the dead ! ! ahhhh ! " makes references to various parts of illinois . stevens cited inspiration from a summer camp he went to as a child in indiana for " the killer wasp of the south is coming to get me ! " , and changed the setting to illinois for the recording of the song . the line " [UNK] , [UNK] , lots of applause for your song ! " makes references to springfield , illinois , but stevens felt the song only served as " an exercise in song writing " . other references to illinois made in the song include ufo activity in the area , the construction of railroads , and a company that recovered the body of soldiers from the civil war . other references to the state ' s people , places , and events include the black hawk war , general carl lee , stephen a . douglas , abraham lincoln , the sangamon massacre , the chicago river , the sears tower , " willis ' s tower " ( aka the sears tower ) , and the cities of chicago , chicago , springfield , oak park , secor , chicago , kankakee , chicago , and the various churches in centerville , illinois . during the tour for the release of illinois , stevens ' band wore blue uniforms based on those of the state of illinois . = = = = = = = although illinois is a concept album , the u . s. however , stevens also explores themes related to religion and the bible . as a christian , stevens has written and recorded songs with religious themes throughout his career — notably on the 2004 album black sheep — and prefers to speak about these themes in music rather than speaking in interviews or public appearances . the song " illinois , illinois , round of applause for your name ! " features the line " it ' s the way i am " — taken from the answer he gave when being asked for his name in the book of exodus ( exodus 14 : 8 ) . " casimir pulaski , " depicts the death of a man due to lung cancer , and the band thanking god at the end . more religious themes appear in " the spirit of god in our lives " , which depicts jesus as a prophet , and " the prophet ' s dream " , which references the book of revelation and the second coming of christ . songs which are not associated with an explicitly political theme — such as " john wayne gacy , jr . " — , feature christian themes such as life and death . = = = = = divya srinivasan designed the album artwork , featuring a number of ill @ - @ i characters , including lincoln and mary todd lincoln , the boeing corporation , and kitty ##hawks . the album title reads , " sufjan stevens wants you to : come on feel the illinoise ! " , a play on the american pronunciation of the band ' s name , " ill @ - @ ill @ - @ noyz " and a reference to the slade song " come on feel the noize " made famous in the united kingdom by the punk band quiet riot . the lyrics on the cover caused some controversy regarding the original title of the album — illinois was originally titled illinois , as opposed to variations of feel the illinoise and illinoise . pitchfork listed illinois as being the second best album cover of the decade 2000 – 2009 . the cover also won the kitty ##ged music award for best cover / album of the decade in 2006 . shortly after the release of the album , rumors circulated that marvel comics had sent a cease and error letter to hello kitty because of the depiction of them on the cover . however , on june 1 , 2005 , hello kitty announced that there had been a cease and error letter ; the record label ' s legal team never learned of the copyright violation . on june 2 , 2005 , hello kitty ' s label secretly canadian asked their lawyers not to release the album ; however , this was notrecords . on october 30 , the label allowed the band to go ahead and sell their copies , and dc comics agreed to allow hello kitty to use the copies of the album that were already available , but the image was removed from subsequent releases . shortly after it was made public that the image would be used , copies of the cover of superman were sold for as little as $ 10 on ebay . on the deluxe edition released on november 1 , 2005 , superman ' s face was replaced by a balloon face . the image of the balloon face was also used on the covers of the compact disc and vinyl copies of the original cd release . stevens himself was angered by the image and later had to pay a fine for using lyrics from woody guthrie ' s 1967 song " this land is your land " in the song " no man ' s land " , which was originally released on the album . the 20th anniversary deluxe edition of illinois features the marvel character captain marvel , who is from california , in place of superman . hello kitty received permission from stevens to use the character ' s name . = = = = = illinois is sufjan stevens ' biggest commercial and critical success to date . for the first time , his album charted on the billboard 200 and received numerous accolades from critics . = = = sales week and chart position = = = in its first week of release , illinois sold 50 @ , @ 000 copies , 50 % coming from digital sales . overall , the album sold more than 100 @ , @ 000 copies in august 2005 and over 200 @ , @ 000 by the end of 2009 . illinois was the first sufjan stevens album to chart on the billboard 200 , reaching no . 121 after two weeks on the chart . it also reached number one on billboard ' s " heatseekers albums " list and number two on the " independent albums " list , remaining on them for 31 and 28 weeks respectively . = = = critical consensus = = = critical reception of illinois was generally positive . review aggregator metacritic compiled five star ratings of illinois and gave the album a 79 out of 100 , indicating " universal acclaim " , naming it the best @ - @ music album of 2005 . andy battaglia of the a . v . club wrote that stevens " has turned into one of the great @ @ - @ artists of modern rock " with the album . tim jonze of nme called stevens " a real mind ##er " and described stevens as " smart , talented and — rock - — artist with a @ - @pop music . " rob sheffield of rolling stone responded positively to the album , praising the " great @ - @ the @ - @ pop melodies " and stevens ' " breathy , playful lyrics " . he criticized " john wayne gacy , jr . " , stating that it " says nothing about american culture or the lack of great @ - @ songwriting talent " , but also praised the personal lyrics of songs such as " illinois " and " casimir pulaski day " . michael metivier of popmatters described " john wayne gacy , jr . " as " beautiful , powerful , and deeply affecting without words . " amanda petrusich of pitchfork media described it as " lush and lush , as beautiful and beautiful as a long , endless water cycle . " dave simpson of the guardian echoed this sentiment , stating that the album sounds like " the big # ##s of brian eno . " the change of pace also received a positive review from entertainment weekly ' s kristina feliciano . jesse jarnow of pitchfork praised the # ##ness of illinois , stating that it has " over @ - @ top " melodies and " gorgeous " lyrics . jarnow also praised the lyrics , citing a line from " the great beast of the south is out to get me ! " : " i can ' t believe the state i ' m in . . . " and a section of the song that mentions various local ##es . he called it a " huge leap forward " from chicago , and that stevens ' love for the state of illinois is evident . allmusic ' s andy gill called the album " an impressive debut " . juliette lewis of the washington post responded positively to the album , stating that it has great @ - @ pop melodies , comparing stevens ' voice to that of stephin merritt . she cited " casimir pulaski day " as one of the most memorable songs of the album . = = = = = = = illinois gained widespread acclaim with inclusion on music critics ' " best of the decade " and " best of the 2000s " lists . in 2009 , the album was the best of the decade , included in the january 2009 issue of spin and npr included it on their list of " the decade ' s 100 most essential albums " . pitchfork media named it the joint best album of the 2000s , with stevens ' previous album — , — and second on that same list . the album also won the 2005 independent music awards — the best of independent music award . the albumwas also included in the book 1001 albums you must hear before you die . additionally , time named stevens as one of their " 100 best new artists " in 2006 , largely due to the performances in london and chicago . = = track listing = = note that the lyrics of the songs differ slightly from the compact disc , cassette , and vinyl releases . the lyrics are directly from the original , and have been updated to the english language version . all songs written and composed by sufjan stevens and published by front line records , ascap . = = = = = sufjan stevens – - vocals ; piano ; keyboards ; electric guitar ; mandolin ; acoustic guitar ; keyboards ; alto saxophone ; clarinet ; flute ; mandolin ; guitar ; piano ; alto , soprano , alto , and baritone saxophone ; casiotone ; @ - @ drums ; tubular bells ; bass ; percussion ; keyboards ; string percussion ; production ; recording ; engineering ; mixing ; mixing julianne carney – mastering alan kay – mastering at east west side sound , tenafly , new york jon anderson – remixing on " chicago " ( to later remix ) marla hansen – - the illinoisemaker - – backing vocals and percussion on " the black hawk war , or , how to destroy an entire country and still feel good about yourself in the end , or , we apologize for the ufo ##s you ' re going to have to leave behind , saying , ' we have seen the long knives and will continue to use them until they are in our hands ! ' " , " chicago " , " the people of chicago saved our lives " , " they are night zombies ! ! they are zombies ! ! they have come back from the dead ! ! ahhhh ! " , and " the tallest man , the largest shoulders " chris eaton jennifer johnson katrina johnson beccy smith sarah mcdonnell - bella ##trix – smith katrina johnson – backing vocals on " to the ufo ##s of chicago , illinois " , " come on ! to the illinoise ! " , " chicago " , " the house that came down " , " the black hawk of the north is coming to get you ! " , " the devil ' s daughter " , " the tallest man , the largest shoulders " , and " the bridge " matt mcalister – keyboards , drum programming craig montoro – bass , backing vocals on " they are night zombies ! ! theycome back ! ! they all come back from the dead ! ! ahhhh ! " chris : – vocals sarah smith – backing vocals on " decatur , or , round of applause for your stepmother ! " matt and elin : – backing vocals and guitar on " decatur , or , round of applause for your stepmother ! " divya srinivasan – vocals shara worden – backing vocals on " about the ufo incident in chicago , illinois " , " come back ! to the illinoise ! " , " john wayne gacy , jr . " , " casimir pulaski story " , " the fire that runs wild " , " the great beast of the north is out to get you ! " , " the devil ' s daughter " , " the tallest head , the biggest heart " , and " the bridge "