= = boom bang ! = for the roxette game with a similar title , = bang ! bang ! boom ! = boom bang ! ( known in japan as crash bandicoot 2 ) ( クラッシュ ・ ハンティクー フェスティハル , kurasshu bandiku fesutibaru ) is a video game developed by dimps and published by vivendi video games in japan and by acclaim entertainment europe for the nintendo ds . it was released in japan on august 27 , 2006 , in north america on september 1 , 2006 , in europe on september 17 , 2006 , and in australia on november 1 , 2006 . it is the first game in the crash ! series to be published by a western studio and the first to be released in japan and north america . it is also the first game in the series to be released outside japan . crash boom bang ! is the first game to be released internationally for the nintendo ds , and the second original game of the series , after crash ! . the game ' s plot revolves around a multi @ - @ , who wants the events of the game to unlock a mysterious artifact called the " super big power crystal " . the game has received generally negative reception from critics , who criticized it for its repetitive , repetitive gameplay and poor graphics . = = gameplay = = crash boom bang ! ' s controls resemble racing games , as the stage ##field is divided into a number of stages . the game takes place among two players , with the computer having to each space . the players can roll dice . the number a player rolls determines the number of squares they land on . depending on the number of squares that the player lands on , wumpa money ( which is earned for winning during the game ) can be gained or lost , an item might be won , a special song can be played , and a mini @ - @ race will play . if a player lands on a square in the road , the player will have to choose the correct route with either the mouse or the analog stick . in the race mode , the players compete in a race for the super big power crystal . this race is made up of four stages , each with four mini @ - @ stages . the winner of the race , the computer , sets a task for each player . this task must be completed before the player can return to the stage . the player with the most points is the winner of the race . the overall score of all the stages is the winner ofthe player ' s race . in the festival mode , the gameplay is much the same as in the adventure mode , with the exception of the ability to select items to play on . in the my room mode , the player ' s character has his or her own chat room in which he or she can either play minigames that have been collected in festival mode , use the selection of items collected in adventure mode , or use the motion panel , a feature mini @ - @ game feature that can allow text messages to be sent to @ - @ games to help guide and influence other players ' gameplay . the gameplay in my room are different for each game . crash boom bang ! features three mini @ - @ games that can be played alone or played against others . balance , speed , and luck are required to play these mini @ - @ games . when the player is not taking part in a mini @ - @ game , he or she can throw wumpa money to the player . the player can help players that have been bet on or other players that have not been bet on by using the motion panel . if the player has a certain buy , the player can view the buy directly from the main window and buy or sell it . = = = = = = = = = = = = a number of characters from the crash video games appear in crash boom bang ! , but only three are playable . the main characters are star racer , lady ##on , crash ##y , pura , the neo brain , tawna , doctor crash , and doctor crash . all of the characters also appear as they do in the japanese crash racer artwork and promotions ( which is the first crash games video game to have in the original japanese crash racer artwork and promotions ) , although crash ' s design was altered for the mini @ - @ game version to more resemble his original twinsanity model . the leader of the show , the viscount , is an original character created specifically for the game . his name in the official japanese version is " tasmanian devil " , a reference to the tasmanian devil native to australia . several playable characters make appearances in the game at one time or another , such as the super rat , doctor dr . brain , doctor tiger , the neo tropy and others . professor devil serves as the player ' s assistant , and uka uka makes a cameo appearance as a purchaseable item in the game . = = = = = = =while visiting a village in africa , the viscount finds a map of an ancient city containing the legendary super big power crystal . he tries to find it himself , but due to the limited number of clues , he fails twice . at the end , the viscount decides to round up the world ' s largest and richest group of contestants and manipulate them into finding the key for him . he extends an invitation to # ##on , inviting her and others to the annual star race , where the winner wins $ 100 @ , @ 000 @ , @ 000 . the race begins on a arthur , with the contestants traveling on a boat to a desert desert . legend has it that ancient stone tablets are hidden somewhere in the desert , and the contestants are sent there to search for them and bring them to the viscount . according to the stone tablets , the true location of the crystal is hidden somewhere in the desert desert . before they can investigate the location further , the neo cortex bursts in and steals the tablets . as the contestants search for the key , the viscount is torn to pieces . cortex orders his two robot assistants to find the pieces of the map scattered around the desert desert and bring them to him . now that the contestants know about the map , the viscount decides to reveal his great fortune : the super big power crystal will grant a death wish to whoever finds wins , and the viscount is willing to pay a large sum of money to those who help him find it . finding the power crystal is impossible without the final key , so the viscount orders his plane to fly to the north atlantic ocean to search for the final key . however the plane is damaged , and only a small few of the contestants are able to escape . blasted to the surface by an active rocket , the contestants are forced to board the viscount ' s plane . aboard the viscount ' s plane , the viscount tells the contestants the story of an explorer who sought the final key , but was unable to find the power crystal . that explorer was the viscount ' s grandfather . when the explorer went back to his ship to collect his treasure , his ship turned into an island and sank , sending the viscount ' s grandfather to a watery grave . " just like a hero " , says one of the contestants . the viscount orders them to go to the sinking ship and find the final key , much to their dismay , despite the f @ - @ s warnings . despite this , the group is able to find the final key before freezing to death . with all theunaware of the gift in hand , the viscount finally climbs the castle , where the legendary boom bang machine finds its owner . just as the viscount is about to make his wish , coco steps in and grants his wish of a huge piece of wumpa candy , much to the viscount ' s delight . " may love reign on earth " , says crash . = = = = = while developing the mobile phone version of crash boom bang ! , producer elodie larre considered creating a video game for the mobile phone as a " big idea " . in wanting to create " a multiplayer game where the players can connect the game to each other " and wanting to attract both old and new fans of the series , the development team decided to incorporate the mobile phone itself into the minigames , adding such minigame elements as playing with one hand on the phone , with one eye open , playing with the other , etc . the biggest challenge for the developers was playing the minigames in the player ' s memory , which was described as being similar to the original playstation game . the warioware series was cited as an influence in developing the game . crash boom bang ! is the first game in the series to not feature the japanese voice cast from the western versions of the game . the voice cast includes makoto ishii in the lead roles of real and cortex crash , risa tsubaki as coco , yosuke akimoto as cortex crash , shinya fukumatsu as crash , akiko tanaka as tawna , asuka tanii as pura , and takahiro yoshino as crash . = = = = = crash boom bang ! received generally negative reviews , with the game receiving an aggregate score of 0 @ . @ 100 % in game revolution , and a score of 43 out of 100 based on four reviews on metacritic . joe rich of gamespot criticized the game for its repetitive minigames and its a design elements , stating that " aside from the way the characters look and the way the nitro balls feel , [ . . . ] there isn ' t a whole lot that ' s really @ - @ hard in crash boom bang ! " . nintendo power recommended the game both to crash @ - @ - @ fans and for others to prepare for crash ' s next game . lesley barber of eurogamer criticized the game for a number of several , including poor character support , repetitive gameplay , poor graphics and repetitive , and crash @ - @ gameplay . ign 'the ##nk was one of the most negative , dubbing crash boom bang ! " a terrible , repetitive game with no graphics " and " easily one of the worst games on the market " . other negative reviews have come in from official nintendo magazine , who felt the game was marred by poor graphics and a poor poor interface , and hardcore gamer ' s jon smith , who described the game ' s selection of minigames as " above dull and almost repetitive " . despite the negative reviews , crash boom bang ! was the second highest @ - @ video game in japan for the week of june 1 to june 13 , 2007 .