= man down ( sample ) = " man down " is a song by american singer rihanna from her fifth studio album , loud ( 2010 ) . dj shontelle and production duo rock city wrote the song with their principal songwriter , rihanna . they wrote it during a writing camp , in los angeles of march 2010 , held by rihanna ' s record label to gather material for possible inclusion on the then @ - @ untitled album . rock city was inspired by bob dylan ' s 1973 song " i killed the man " and set out to create a song which celebrates the empowerment , but not empowerment . it is a power ballad which incorporates elements of ragga and lil ##a . specifically , rihanna becomes a woman after she kills a man , an act she later regrets . some critics singled out " man down " as rihanna ' s highlight , while others commented on her strong west indian accent and vocal delivery . def jam released " man down " on may 5 , 2011 , as the lead single from the album . in the united states , the song reached number 13 on the billboard hot 100 and number one on the hot r & b / hip @ - @ digital songs chart . it has been certified double platinum by the recording industry association of america ( riaa ) . the song topped the charts in canada for two consecutive weeks and reached the top 10 in belgium and the netherlands . paul mandler directed the music video , in which rihanna ' s character kills a man after he attacks her . the video was criticized by the parents television council , mtv , and mothers against violence , who criticized rihanna for suggesting that violence is an acceptable form of treatment for rape victims . however , actress gabrielle union , another rape victim , praised the video for being relatable . " man down " was on the set list for three of rihanna ' s tours – the loud tour ( 2011 ) , the loud world tour ( 2013 ) and the fearless world tour ( 2016 ) . = = = = = in march 2010 , record label def jam held a writing camp in los angeles for songwriters and producers to gather material for possible inclusion on rihanna ' s then @ - @ untitled fifth studio album , loud . def jam rented out nearly every recording studio in los angeles in order to record as many songs as possible . michael daniels , the president of production duo rock city ( jay theron and michael daniels ) , was present during the camp , and explained that a writing camp typically involves the duo leasing out recording studios for two weeks at the cost of $ 1 @ , @ 000 per day. omar said that this is where songwriters have lyrics but no music , and where producers have music but no lyrics . shama omar , better known as omar , was chosen as one of the songwriters to work on the songs at the camp . omar ' s brother had requested his presence at the camp through an agent who was an employee of the production company . omar said that he caught a bus to los angeles and began working on songs as soon as he arrived , feeling that he had " nothing to lose and everything to gain " . he was inspired by a video of rihanna performing songs at a concert that was caribbean themed . he said that rihanna had not done caribbean @ - @ themed music since her debut album , empire of the sun ( 2005 ) . = = production and engineering = = according to omar , rock city chose omar because they had already heard the west indian / caribbean @ - @ themed songs that omar had written during the camp . omar pitched the song to them , to which the producers responded " let ' s give rihanna this @ @ - @ song ! ! , a sequel to ' i shot the sheriff ' ! " together , omar and rock city wrote the lyrics to " man down " in 15 minutes . in an mtv news interview , rock city said they wanted to write a song that would reference bob marley ' s " i shot the sheriff " ( 1973 ) from a caribbean perspective and to " reflect [ rihanna ' s ] caribbean roots in a way that was positive " . nikki shontelle said that rihanna called her during the last girl on earth tour and asked her to get involved with the project . she said that rihanna was impressed when she began making her observations of the writing process . shontelle said that during one of rihanna ' s performances , the singer left the stage and then returned to the tour bus to record in the studio . she said that after the writing camp had finished , rihanna listened to some of the songs which had been written for her and were her favorite . in december 2010 , two months after she left the writing camp , rihanna called him and said that she wanted to record " man down " for out on parole . rihanna later described the message she wanted to convey as " positive " , and commented on how reggae music had influenced her musical style : " i ' m very influenced by reggae music [ and it ] has been a part of me since i was young , and i grew up listening to it . it was important for me to take this music as my inspiration and make a songall this , along with the song is about that . " the song was recorded during rihanna ' s last night on earth tour . the song ' s instrumentation was produced by cary davis at the studio in los angeles . kuk harrell recorded rihanna ' s vocals with chris gudwin and marcos tovar at westlake recording studios , also in los angeles . chris brown assisted with the production and engineering . the song was mixed by manny marroquin at larrabee recording studios in los angeles , assisted by erik santos and carlos plata . daniels estimated the total cost of the recording process to be from $ 30 @ , @ 000 , to $ 50 @ , @ 000 for each of the twelve songs which were released out there ; the team consisted of several songwriters and producers . daniels said that rock mafia paid $ 10 @ , @ 000 and another $ 10 @ , @ 000 for their involvement in the production of " man down " . daniels said that " to get that many hours of work from a single songwriting team is amazing — , when you take into account the budget for the song " . the cost of $ 50 @ , @ 000 for " man down " was also estimated prior to rihanna entering the studio with a vocal producer . although makeba riddick did not serve as the song ' s vocal producer , daniels cited her as an example of how the process works and how much she would pay . it is the job of the vocal producer to teach the songwriter how to sing the song , to achieve the desired effect . daniels said that riddick ' s fee ranges from $ 30 @ , @ 000 to $ 50 @ , @ 000 , and that the main cost of the recording is for the song to be mixed and mastered , which is a large fee . daniels estimated the total cost of writing , recording , sound editing , mixing and mastering " man down " to be $ 50 @ , @ 000 . when combined with the production and engineering costs , the total cost was $ 30 @ , @ 078 @ , @ 000 . = = vocal and instrumental . = = " man down " is a " romantic pop " pop song with " @ @ - @ @ " and elements of ragga and dance music . the song , in the key of e major , has a tempo of 120 beats per minute . rihanna ' s voice spans more than one and a half octave , from f3 to f ♭ ##4 . slant magazine writer sal cinquemani described " man down " as one of rihanna ' s " most memorable pop songs " withher distinctive jamaican accent . jon pareles of the new york times said that the song " plays with her west indian roots " , and august brown of the los angeles times described the song as reflecting " her caribbean roots " . entertainment weekly writer leah greenblatt described " get down " as a song with " caribbean roots " . initially , rihanna becomes a victim after she kills a man , but later regrets it . rihanna then explains the sequence of events which leads up to the murder . she talks to her mother about the crime that she has committed – " mom , i just shot a man . " – expresses regret and remorse for not wanting to kill her husband , and that he is rihanna ' s son . as the song progresses , rihanna ' s bajan accent becomes thicker and stronger , which changes during the chorus where she sings " why ? , pull dee treeguh , pull dee treeguh , pull dee treeguh , why ! " muumuse writer bradley stern said that the song takes on a violent tone . on december 9 , 2009 , rihanna was alleged to have been involved in an argument with her husband , chris brown . he allegedly attacked rihanna and threatened to kill her . he turned himself in to the police and pleaded guilty to sexual assault during the incident . august brown called the near - incident an ominous " tribute " to chris brown and a reference to his song " toxic " ( 2010 ) , which details an abusive @ - @ relationship . kitty empire of the guardian said that brown ' s attack on rihanna gave the song emotional depth , and describes it with a " very emotional " tone . when asked by hiphopdx about how she responded to parts of the song saying that it involved violence , and ##ing the lyrics : i didn ’ t think it made any sense . i think it was because of how it went , ' i just shot a man down . ' i think it was very hard for some of the mothers against violence in america , those poor mothers who have forced their children to watch all kinds of movies and shows that have violence , and stories that involve violence . but for them to be angry about , for example , an issue that never happened ? . . . a woman acts like she wants to kill someone who ’ is still alive because of something that they want from her , that ’ is real and that ’ is true . but the anger is a very real emotion . .. and they do that on a regular basis . i think it was huge and blown out of proportion . . . . some people learned from it , and those same people who originally were trying to avoid controversy , now they have a voice and now they ’ are ' people , ' and they can speak for a lot of people all of a sudden . = = loud and tour = = on april 30 , 2011 , rihanna asked fans to help her choose the next single from loud via twitter , and that she would release a music video in the following week . after an exchange of emails , the singer said she had narrowed the list down to four songs : " man down " , " california king bed " , " loud ( back to that ) " and " faded " . on april 30 , she confirmed that " california king bed " had been chosen as the next loud single . additionally , " man down " was sent to pop and rhythmic radio stations in the united states on june 2 , following the may 1 release of " california king bed " , making " man down " and " california king bed " the fifth and sixth singles from loud . the song was released in germany and switzerland on july 10 and the uk on july 14 . kitty empire called the song " beautiful " , and praised it for being an original composition which is reminiscent of her " dark , reggae influenced album " . consequence of sound writer ryan burleson wrote that " man down " and another loud track , " faded " , " stand on their own sonically " , and that the song is an ode to her jamaican roots with a dancehall beat . describing the song as " beautiful " , bradley stern wrote that no other song on loud reflected rihanna ' s influences more fully than did " man down " . cinquemani described " man down " as the best track on loud , calling rihanna ' s vocal performance " stunning " and noting that the " co @ - @ - @ " track is an @ - @ sung by " a very @ - @ fledged " , shontelle . in her review of loud , emily mackay of nme called the production more " polished " than that of rihanna ' s previous album rated r ( 2009 ) , noting " man down " ' s sample of " lost love " . similarly , nima baniamer of contactmusic . com pointed out that " man down " , which she described as " a haunting ballad " that is " haunting " and " also beautiful " , was one of the songs that- rihanna . on their list of rihanna ' s top 20 songs , complex magazine ranked " man down " as their second best track , writing that it is rihanna at " her badass best " . billboard magazine released a list of their top 20 rihanna songs , and placed " man down " in first place ; claire lobenfeld wrote that it is the second most " infectious " song of her career , and that she changed the tone of " crazy love " from " sad " to " happy " . = = = release = = in the united states , " man down " debuted on the billboard hot 100 at number 65 on july 1 , 2011 , peaking at number 14 and spending a total of 14 weeks on the chart . on the hot r & b / hip @ - @ hop songs chart , it peaked at number 14 on july 1 , 2011 , remaining there for 3 weeks and spending a total of 14 weeks there . it reached number 14 on the hot r & b / hip @ - @ hop songs 2011 - @ - @ hop chart . the song peaked at number 14 on the hot r & b / hip @ - @ hop airplay chart , number 14 on the hot r & b / hip @ - @ hop digital songs chart and number 13 on the pop songs chart . " man down " was certified double platinum by the recording industry association of america ( riaa ) , for shipments of more than one million copies . the song reached number 13 on the canadian hot 100 . " man down " debuted at number 57 on the uk singles chart on june 30 , 2011 , a week after its release as a single . it climbed to number 1 on july 1 , remaining there for 3 consecutive weeks , and at number 2 the week after and for 2 weeks during its re @ - @ chart run . it remained on the chart until august 31 , 2012 , when re @ - @ ended 2 weeks later . the song , on and off the singles chart for the rest the year , failed to chart on it again in 2013 . after a total of 14 weeks on the chart , the song ' s final official chart appearance was at number 172 on august 31 , 2013 . in the united kingdom , " man down " entered the singles chart at number 117 on january 1 , 2015 , and number 54 the following week . the song peaked at number 1 in its second week , remaining there for 3 weeks and spending a total of 14 weeks on the chart . on the uk r & b chart , " man down " reached number 1on june 18 , after four weeks in the top 40 . in belgium , the song peaked at number 1 in dutch @ - @ speaking flanders and number 2 in french @ - @ speaking wallonia . it was certified gold by the recording industry association ( bea ) for selling more than 15 @ , @ 000 copies . although the song spent only one week on the uk singles chart ( at number 10 ) , it was certified platinum by the federazione industria musicale italiana ( fimi ) in 2014 for selling more than 15 @ , @ 000 copies . = = = = = = = = = background and commentary = = = = mandler filmed the music video for " man down " in april 2011 on a beach in portland parish , on the southern louisiana coast . rihanna told the @ - @ speaking that the video had a " very positive message [ for ] people like us ! " on may 29 , 2011 , two mobile app # ##s , of rihanna on a beach wearing a black simon & gabbana suit and riding her bike in portland parish , were released . the music video premiered on bet ' s 106 & park on may 30 , 2011 . in an interview for mtv news , mandler said that " man down " had " a strong narrative and narrative " and that viewers could see something " dark and dark and beautiful and powerful and emotional and powerful " . the video begins as the woman ( rihanna ) shoots and kills a man as she walks through a chicago subway station . she pauses for a flashback to the previous night , when she rides her bike , meets , and dances alone in her apartment at night . at a club the woman meets and dances with a male @ - @ speaking , who then kills her when she leaves the club . afterwards , the woman dances in the bathroom in an apparent emotional response , and the video ends as she returns home to find a gun hidden in a kitchen drawer . = = = background and commentary = = = janell hobson discusses the imagery used in the video for " man down " in her book race and place : defining race , defining place , which " discusses the experiences of black women and the prevailing notion that the next generation is a ' postracial ' and ' postfeminist ' society . " in the chapter titled " voices : black women ' s responses to sexual violence " , hobson discusses how black women have " found the courage " to speak out against sexual violence, fight against violence and not as a helpless victim . she reviewed rihanna ' s interview for 20 / 20 with diane sawyer , which aired on april 1 , 2009 . having remained silent since her encounter with brown on the night of the grammy awards in february that year , whereby brown assaulted her , rihanna began to speak about it for the first time . the writer noted how sawyer chose to end the interview by presenting the entire incident and the incident as an " accident " and accusing rihanna of " presenting a ' victim ' image of a black woman " , rather than portraying her as a violence victim not only in the united states , but around the world . " i am not , " rihanna responded . hobson noted that from then on , the singer began to portray an image of " black woman and killer @ - @ type violence in her music videos " . additionally , several of rihanna ' s songs and music videos have generated controversy for their sexual content , which hobson attributed to the release of a video of the song " dressing up " on the night of the awards on tmz which flooded the internet without the knowledge of rihanna . hobson wrote : " because of this , rihanna has begun to take full advantage of the ' victim ' image projected onto her , and she in turn has forced herself emotionally and physically to confront and confront the violence , abuse , and fear that surround our lives . " she continued to discuss the music videos for " sleeping beauty " , " toxic " , " we found love " , " just the way you are " with eminem which references sexual violence , and " s & m " , which contains references to violence and rape and is , in part , rihanna ' s response to these comments , as well . at one point in the video for " s & m " , rihanna is shown dressed up as a prostitute . additionally , hobson noted that rihanna " assumes the provocative role " in the video for " upside down " , and noted that she plays the role of a rape victim who kills her boyfriend . she described the experience of filming the video in jamaica as traumatic , due to how the image of a victim appears during the local dance ##hall ' s to " depict sexual violence " . the video portrays rihanna as a " killer @ - @ type " femme fatale whereby the singer reveals her motives for violence and allows the audience to identify with her because she is " a killeralong with a woman in a wheelchair , which hobson said is " not worthy of attention " . she continued to say that rihanna is forcing the audience to do what she wants by " using both a visual and a narrative at the end " . hobson explained that rihanna is changing her image and changing the image of the innocent young woman who is looked at differently by society . becky bain of idolator described the video as " absolutely hilarious " , while mtv writer stephanie ann described it as " hilarious " . the @ - @ writer of " tangled up " theron martin wrote that the video was highly effective and that rihanna played her role " well " . she continued to say that had the video been a true @ - @ - @ - @ video clip , the video would have been more " interesting " . = = = = = = = the parents television council ( ptc ) criticized rihanna for her use of " calculated , extreme acts of violence " in the music video , and said that portraying a woman as an @ - @ is what is unacceptable . the council agreed with rihanna ' s explanation for the video : that the video had " a very strong positive message [ for ] children " and rihanna . according to the ptc and other experts , if chris brown murdered a woman in a video that aired on mtv " the violence would continue " and rihanna should not have been forced to watch her video . the day before the council ' s statement on the video they had objected to rihanna and britney spears ' performance of the " s & m " remix at the american music awards , and called it a " prime @ - @ video , s & m sex ##ist , prime @ - @ shot on video " . following the ptc ' s statement , julianne escobedo shepard of alternet wrote that the video appeared to meet a double standard ; they had previously criticized kanye west ' s music video for " thriller " , in which naked bodies hang from wires and rihanna has a shaved head . she noted that eminem and rihanna ' s video for " love the way you do " had not been violence , but " graphic and extreme " sexual violence . a mothers against violence group criticized rihanna for trying to find a solution , rather than helping the troubled child , for which it was a concern for most people . journalist bill mandler addressed the issue in an interview for the hollywood reporter , saying that the video delivered the message rihanna wanted and that it was an "a crisis in our society . rihanna described growing up in an era in which artists such as madonna made controversial music videos , and said that her films no longer mention the ##s as taboo . rihanna responded to the ptc ' s comments on rape , and said that parents should not allow her to hurt their children and that " sensitive subject matter " should not be hidden from children because they do not know how to react to it , and that it scares them even more because they are afraid to talk about it . the singer continued to say that " the world doesn ' t ' have ' s ' to rape ' " and that we " have the right to have them " . in an interview for billboard , rihanna would explain how she was chosen as the protagonist to move the plot forward in the film despite the film not depicting rape , saying " turning that into a mini @ - @ , or something , we had to go back to when it happened . and she ' s not a mini @ - @ - @ . it had to be something really serious . and we had to home in on a very serious issue that we were trying to address , especially if you ' ve been involved in this before . " rihanna denied that the film was responsible for her actions . lesbian and gay ' s @ - @ rights activist gabrielle union , another rape victim , expressed support for the song on twitter . she called it " inspiring " and , although she did not identify with the " @ - @ for @ - @ for @ - @ " movement , she could relate to the message . she said that each rape victim and offender has a different perspective , and that they should have an understanding of how justice should be done . she said that she attempted to kill her attacker , but missed , and that she has since realized that committing rape as a form of punishment for herself would only have made the situation worse . she continued to say that while it is " justified " to attempt to kill a person , unless one is in the @ - @ category , it is not justified . = = live performances and interviews = = rihanna has included " man down " on the set list of several concerts and tours , including the 2011 warped tour , bbc radio 1 ' s breakfast show on july 1 , 2012 and the 2013 loud world tour . for the warped tour , rihanna performed the song using " a spinning , rocking chair , a seat belt and an @ - @ shaped metal pole . " although kitty empire performed " man down" and " well " , the reviewer was let down by the " complete lack of enthusiasm " from rihanna ' s creative team for the stage set up during rihanna ' s performance . she wrote that she could not understand why a black man stood in the middle of the stage . maza included the song also on the caribbean @ - @ tour . " man down " was performed as the fourth song on the loud tour , following its predecessors " only girl ( in the world ) " , " disturbia " and " shut up and dance " . maza wrote that the performance of " man down " should have " slowed down the momentum she ' d had until now . that was not an appropriate combination of music and lyrics . " however , the bright lights on the stage brought out the " serious " nature of the song as it gradually increased its tempo to the point whereby the end of the song was on the verge of sounding like an encore . for the loud world tour , rihanna performed " man down " during the caribbean @ - @ theme section of the show , which also included " you are mine " , " no love lost " , " what ' s my name ? " and " rude awakening " . nick lachno of the guardian praised the caribbean @ - @ theme section as the show ' s highlight . manchester evening news writer katie fitzpatrick wrote that rihanna drew the attention to the song with a " thumping beat " . however , matt graff of the chicago tribune was disappointed with the lack of variety in the performance , writing that it was " marred by a vocal deficiency , especially with nuno bettencourt of brazil , whose voice is prominent in the caribbean @ - @ theme section , providing some good vocals and solos " . british singer and songwriter leona lewis performed a mashup of " man down " with her 2008 single " better in time " on bbc radio 1 ' s live lounge in december 2011 . she later included the mashup on the set list of her 2013 glassheart tour . her performance received a positive response from critics . katherine hollisey @ - @ mclean of the worthing observer praised the combination of " better in time " with reggae music . however the guardian ' s malcolm browne felt the performance was cringeworthy and called rihanna a " very good rihanna " . = = = = = = = = = = = = unknown date = =