= = ( star trek : enterprise ) = " fight " is the seventh episode of the second season of the american science fiction television series star trek : enterprise , the twentieth episode overall . it originally aired on october 16 , 2002 , on the upn network in the united states . the episode was written by executive producers rick berman and brannon , with a teleplay by david wilcox . a similar story had been told in the original novel for star trek by gene roddenberry . set in the 24th century , the series follows the adventures of the federation starfleet vessel enterprise , designated nx @ - @ 01 . in this episode , while in search of supplies , enterprise encounters a mining colony that is being attacked by klingons who are killing the crew and stealing their supplies . the crew make camp to the station and help the crew to fight off the klingons . this episode was entirely filmed on location at lake forest in ventura county , california , and the majority of the guest stars were stunt performers . both larry cedar and david hochwald had previously appeared in the episodes of deep space nine and voyager . " fight " was watched by 5 @ . @ 000 million viewers , the second highest number for any episode of the second season . reviews were mixed , with some critics reacting negatively to the lack of action from the action crew . others praised the character , and felt it was a good example of the action genre . = = = = = captain jonathan archer ( scott bakula ) , run @ - @ 000 t ' pol ( jolene blalock ) , and lieutenant benjamin " chuck " mccoy iii ( connor trinneer ) go out to a mining colony of mining colonies in order to look for supplies . they first attempt to negotiate with tessic ( larry cedar ) , the colony ' s leader , but he is unwilling to part with any of the 5 @ , @ 000 supplies of storage , which are being left for ' something else ' . during negotiations however , a deal is struck − 100 tons of supplies for their solar supplies and whatever other supplies they can find , on the condition that the enterprise crew will repair the offline station within 30 days . despite it being a valuable commodity , enterprise is hampered by the lack of proper medical supplies and the sub @ - @ 000 population of the situation . the situation becomes worse when the klingons show up to get supplies due to their ' business routine ' . whentessic tells korok ( james hare ) , the leader of the klingons , that they do not have all the men because two wells are not available , korok believes him and gives them two days to fulfill the aliens . however , when tucker and archer try to talk them into fighting against the klingons , tessic tells them to gather their remaining men and leave . however , this does not sit well with archer and he forces the colonists to leave with their weapons . on earth , t ' pol teaches some of the colonists how to use viking @ - @ like fire ( from ' viking @ - @ or ' suus @ - @ mahna ' ) , while ensign hoshi sato ( linda hamilton ) and ensign malcolm smith ( michael keating ) teach the colonists how to use their weapons more effectively . archer and tucker then help the colonists move the entire colony to the lower of quadrant . when the klingon defenders arrive , the area is dark and isolated . eventually the colonists defend themselves , and in the ensuing battle the klingons are forced into an area protected by the viking @ - @ off - fuel system . on enterprise , the heads are ignited , covering the klingons with smoke . tessic then tells the klingons to leave and never come back . before they leave , he is rewarded with 100 @ , @ 000 tons of water from the coal crew . = = = = = the original script for star trek : the original series by gene roddenberry featured a single story , titled " lexington , kentucky " . this episode would have had captain william e . april and the crew of the u . s . enterprise , a human colony which had been recently attacked by armed @ - @ off colonists . this results in the colony similar their behavior to that seen during the lost martial @ - @ series . april and his crew worked together to help the colonists fight off the invaders . executive producers rick berman and brannon then developed the story , which was adapted into a teleplay by david wilcox . it was directed by miguel vejar , his first director of the series , although he had previously directed several other episodes of the previous series in the series . filming for " kentucky " began on march 22 , 2002 , on the enterprise studio enterprise . the filming on the second day only took place on the sound stage , while the next day ' s main location filming used the shuttlepod , as well as the specially constructed ship 'ii on class . the majority of the five days filming took place on location at a ranch in ventura county , california , located about an hour ' s drive south west of los angeles . temperatures were mild for that time of year , but the actors were still required to wear gloves and drink lots of water . the actors playing the klingons worked for the rest of the five days on location , with the majority of them performed by young doubles . according to bakula , the crew used for the episode was the largest used so far for enterprise . michael emerson was the first male klingon , who had previously appeared in the star trek : the next generation episode " enemy of the unknown " . other members of the main cast included mccoy , as the character tessic , who had previously appeared in several episodes of both star trek : deep space nine and enterprise . additionally , jennifer hochwald had appeared in those two episodes . before appearing in " bounty " , she was already performing in the musical fedunn at the castro theatre in los angeles . = = online and general viewing = = " judgment " was first broadcast on the upn network in the united states on october 15 , 2002 . it was watched by 3 @ . @ 9 million viewers , translating to nielsen ratings of 3 @ . @ 9 / 10 percent . this means that the episode was seen by 3 @ . @ 9 percent of all viewers , and 10 percent of those watching television at the time . this was the second most watched episode of the series , after " a day at may " , which was broadcast a week earlier . j . r . macek iii , also writing for the website popmatters , described " judgment " as being the first part of a planned group of episodes from the second season focusing on the @ - @ of the klingons to the enterprise . the other episodes in the trilogy were intended to be " bounty " and " judgment " . jamahl epsicokhan on his website " critic ' s choice " gave the episode two out of five , saying that there was nothing funny about " judgment " and that the action scenes towards the end were boring because despite all the physical danger , not a single character actually was killed during the episode . he called the basic storyline " fun enough " , but that it lacked suspense and didn ' t raise any serious questions . he followed it up by saying it was " a nice , re @ - @ - @ - @ a@ - @ an ##y , with high production values but honestly and absolutely cutting dialogue . " michelle erica green , reviewing the episode for treknation , noted that the episode seemed to tell the same format as the 1998 short film a bug ' s life , but was very much rooted in the western setting which inspired roddenberry ' s original star trek , with some references to the 1960 film the magnificent seven . she added that there were action dialogue which provided some character development work for hoshi , travis mayweather and mccoy , and described it overall as " a solid period episode with good character development " . the first home media release of " enterprise " was part of the season one dvd box set , released in the united states on november 20 , 2005 . a release on blu @ - @ - disc for season three followed on october 18 , 2013 .