= = mcnichol = john " johnny " mcnichol ( 17 october 1925 – 3 february 2007 ) was a scottish footballer who played more than 500 games in the football league and europe . an inside forward , he played more than 500 games for brighton & hove albion and more than one for each of chelsea and crystal palace . mcnichol progressed from junior football and apprentice motor mechanic in his native scotland to a professional contract with english first division club newcastle united . for two years , he had some spells with the reserve team but was not selected for the first team . brighton & hove albion , then in the third division , broke their transfer record to sign him . mcnichol spent three years with the club , earning " the reputation as the best @ @ - @ player in the third division " , before returning to the first team as chelsea manager . ##dington ' s first signing . he was part of the chelsea team that won the league title in the 1954 – - season . in 1958 he joined crystal palace , whom he helped to promotion from the third division , and spent his entire @ - @ playing career in the football league as the @ - @ manager of tunbridge wells rangers . he also spent many years working on the business side of football with two of his former clubs . = = = life and times = = mcnichol was born in kilmarnock , scotland . his father , danny , died when he was five , and mcnichol and his siblings were raised by their mother , margaret . he attended st mary ' s academy in kilmarnock , and began work as a delivery boy for the local butcher ' s shop when he left school . his daily schedule saw him playing football on saturdays , and he was able to play regular league football for local club hurlford united . when he was taken on at the local car factory as an apprentice motor mechanic , football became available on saturdays as well . hurlford paid him five shillings a week , twice as much as his father ' s wages . during the second world war , mcnichol was called up to the fleet air arm as a pilot , and was allowed to play friendly matches for inverness @ - @ club in clachnacuddin . because of the number of raf personnel stationed in the area , friendly matches were played at a very low level . = = newcastle united = = after the war , mcnichol returned to hurlford , where , amid interest from other clubs , he signed a contract with newcastle united . after a trial matches ,he signed professional forms with the club on his 18th birthday . mcnichol spent two seasons at newcastle , but never made a first @ - @ team appearance . with the likes of england international players roy bentley and len shackleton in the working order , he supplemented his income working as a car mechanic for a local nursing home whose " two or three inside @ - @ royces [ were ] a welcome change from working on bus routes " . in his first season , he was part of the brighton team that won the reserve division title , but a dispute over the terms of his contract , – the brighton directors that a higher salary was appropriate because of the player ' s position at the club – allowed mcnichol to seek first @ - @ team football elsewhere . = = brighton & hove albion = = brighton & hove albion had finished bottom of the third division south the season before and were struggling financially , but manager jack drake persuaded the club to break the club transfer record by paying £ ##7 @ , @ 000 for a player willing to make his debut in the football league , and allowed mcnichol to sign . he made his first appearance in the league on 1 september 1948 , at the age of 18 , as brighton drew with swindon town at home . the club finished third in the league in mcnichol ' s first season and then , despite being a regular goalscorer – mcnichol ' s 14 goals made him top scorer – ( 1949 – ) . the following season , mcnichol played in all of brighton ' s matches , the only one allowed to start , and again finished as top scorer for the club , this time with 14 goals . according to carder and smith , he " had a brilliant career with a style of play which earned him the reputation as the best inside @ - @ forward in the third division " . selected as captain when frank lane took over from welsh as manager , mcnichol struggled under lane ' s coaching style . he scored nine goals in the 1951 – - season as brighton again failed to make a serious challenge to plymouth argyle for the title , " was considered the star of the team " , and " was considered by many to be the most promising inside @ - @ forward to play for the club " . that season , mcnichol scored his first @ - @ goal against eventual champions @ - @ at home , which caught the eye of manager jack drake . just before the following season began , he became drake ' s first signing for his new club , chelsea , for a fee of £ 12 @, @ 000 for the injured alan leadbetter , a club record they set for him . he had scored 62 goals in all competitions from 100 appearances . although scouts from other clubs had been watching the player since shortly after his arrival at the club – he had also previously turned down moves to manchester united , everton and huddersfield town – chelsea ' s fans were delighted , seeing his goal as his first move . = = chelsea = = on his chelsea debut away to manchester united , mcnichol found himself back at right back after three games when sid tickridge suffered an injury . quickly promoted to the front line , his performances helped chelsea avoid relegation to the first division at the end of his first season . his " first @ @ - @ - goal . . . enabled chelsea to secure a comfortable win over west bromwich " with two games remaining , and he scored the only goal of chelsea ' s 1 – 0 defeat of manchester united in their final game of the season which secured their safety from the relegation zone . two months later , chelsea won the first division title for the first time . when they beat charlton athletic in april 1955 to " cement their top position in the league " , the times ' correspondent described how " mcnichol played the role of defender , and was capable of many forward plays " . two weeks later , mcnichol , " the most brilliant of their generation " , scored twice as a chelsea forward with " a tendency to play the ball in relation to the ball " against tottenham hotspur on – [UNK] , and the result was decided with one minute left to play . mcnichol had missed only two games in the first @ - @ - season , and scored five goals , a remarkable feat for a player in his position ; an england forward is usually more a defender than a scorer of goals , and his biography on chelsea ' s website describes him as " intelligent , creative and most of all a brilliant player " . he remained at the club for two more seasons , but eventually lost his place in the team to the legendary jimmy greaves : " there was no point in losing my place to him . i couldn ' t complain about that . we used to get along very well , and he would listen to the advice i gave him . then he was a champion ! " the feeling was mutual : when greaves described the chelsea first @ - @ - side as " almost certainly one of the most successful sides ever to win the title " , he made an exception for mcnichol , " the team was of the. " . in all competitions , he made 202 appearances for chelsea and scored 30 goals . while at school , mcnichol also worked in a local shop , hoping to build up his skills in case injury brought an early end to his football career . when he joined chelsea , his decision to stay based in the north had disappointed him . in fact , he owned a butcher ' s shop in chelsea , and not only did he have to travel by train from the south , – as did teammates stan willemse and eric barker – he also annoyed the chelsea staff by getting up even earlier each morning to visit the shop before going off to work . his mother connie , whom he had known since childhood , ran the shop in his absence . he claimed to have " spent more time in that shop than playing for chelsea . especially in that one game . " = = crystal palace = = walking out of the shop window in july 1958 , mcnichol signed for third division south club crystal palace . he was expected to play a role " similar to the one which had worked so well at stamford bridge – and help the development of the @ ##ster " , and was appointed captain . he scored on his debut for the club , and scored five goals from the nine games he played in what remained of the 1957 – - season . in october 1958 , manager walter smith found the player struggled under the pressure of his new position , and relieved him of the job . as mcnichol grew older , his playing style became more fluid , as he became first a centre forward , then a right back . chelsea had been playing in the second division when the english league system was introduced at that level prior to the 1958 – - season , and mcnichol , long since returned to the team , led them to promotion to the first division in 1961 , their first promotion for eight years . shortly afterwards , he applied for the managerial position at former club brighton & hove albion , then in the second division , but was rejected . a broken jaw sustained in march 1961 caused mcnichol to miss a league game for the first time in his very @ - @ and @ - @ a @ - @ a @ - @ - long career . he remained there for two seasons , but his palace career was brought to a halt by two injuries , a broken leg and broken jaw , sustained during the 1962 – - season . in all competitions , he scored 61 goals from 205 appearances . = = = life and death = = mcnichol died in the palace of england, and two spells as the @ - @ manager of tunbridge wells rangers in the southern league . having left the club , he returned to crystal palace to work on the charity side of the club , where he was responsible for the organisation of weekly quiz and quiz nights as a way of raising money for the charity . he moved on to brighton & hove albion to take a coaching role from 1979 to 1992 , and in 1992 returned to live in the saltdean area of brighton . despite the success of his career , mcnichol had difficulties . he described chelsea ' s decision not to accept their invitation to play in the first round of the fa cup as his " one big mistake " , and " thought it was unfair at the time " , given the first team managers ' preference for players learning their trade for their clubs , that he was not selected to represent his country . mcnichol maintained links with his former club . one of several former players and managers named as " brighton heroes " as part of brighton ' s centenary celebrations in 2001 , he played an active role in the celebrations . the surviving members of chelsea ' s 1955 championship @ - @ winning team continued to meet for the annual dinner , and were guests of the club on the final day of the 2004 – 05 season when they won their second league title , 40 years after the first . he died of a stroke on 22 january 2007 at the age of 85 . = = = = = manchester united in the football league championship : 1947 – [UNK] chelsea football league first division champions : 1954 – [UNK] crystal palace football league second division title @ - @ manager : 1960 – -