= treaty of ciudad juarez = the treaty of ciudad juarez was a peace treaty signed by the first president of mexico , porfirio diaz , and the dictator francisco madero on may 25 , 1911 . the treaty put an end to the conflict between supporters of madero and those of diaz and effectively ended the first phase of the mexican revolution . the treaty stipulated that diaz , as well as his vice president ramon diaz , were to step down at the end of 1911 , and that he was to be succeeded by francisco leon de la barra as interim president and hold new elections . those who had suffered persecution due to the war would be the winners , and there would be a general amnesty . diaz resigned on may 25 , and vice president francisco leon de la barra became the new president . diaz and his cabinet , his vice president diaz , general jose yves limantour and rosendo pineda left mexico for spain . however , the treaty did not implement or mention the agrarian reforms that madero had been advocating on previous occasions . it also left the porfirian government largely alone . however , madero supported the liberal policy that all legal disputes were to be resolved by the courts , not by the best authorities , a policy that led to days of widespread violence , especially in rural areas . on june 1 , 1911 , madero entered mexico city . in july 1911 he was elected president , under the banner of the partido constitucional progresista , along with jose del pino suarez , his former running mate as vice @ - @ president . madero brushed out francisco vazquez gomez , the previous presidential candidate for the vice @ - @ reelectionist party of 1910 , for being too liberal . = = = = leading up to the revolution = = the rebellion against the government of porfirio diaz broke out in october 1910 , after diaz had his brother francisco madero assassinated and had secured his electoral victory in the presidential election . madero ' s rather campaign promises of social reform had made many enemies . diaz himself escaped from prison and fled to spain , from where he wrote his revolutionary manifesto of san luis potosi . this plan called for an armed rebellion against the porfiriato and promises of constitutional and fair elections . as a response to madero ' s manifesto , armed demonstrations erupted in mexico in december 1910 . in the guerrero region of veracruz , pascual diaz defeated government troops and brought the soldiers ' bodies back to mexico with the slogan , " ahi , mi ##ga hojas, mandame me . " ( " where come the horses , bring me more horses . " ) and immediately started riots which engulfed ciudad juarez . however , additional support for madero ' s plan came from felipe gonzalez , who supported the city of san luis potosi . at about the same time , civil ##s in the state of morelos erupted into a full scale revolt under the leadership of the two brothers , emiliano and eufemio . = = = diaz and villa in ciudad juarez = = = encouraged by the success of the revolt , madero crossed the border back into mexico in march 1911 . he was joined by pancho villa and diaz and in march the army began attacking ciudad juarez . diaz and villa led the army with 500 men each , while madero stayed behind with the @ , @ 000 men . the city was captured by the end of the month , and madero ' s forces met stiff resistance in the chihuahuan state . madero ordered the commander of the city ' s garrison to surrender . the commander refused , believing that the fortifications he had built would allow him to hold the city until reinforcements arrived . faced also with the fact that a direct attack on the city would require artillery fire to cross the border into the united states which could trigger an american invasion , and faced with a number of other offers from villa , madero succeeded in attacking the city . he in turn ordered his troops to lift the siege . diaz , however ignored the order and , supported by villa , fled . after several days of fighting the city fell to the rebels . madero intervened only to spare the life of the city ' s governor , dr . navarro , whom both he and villa had dead for his harsh treatment of rebel leaders . this , combined with the fact that rebel commanders were supported by madero during his military career , angered and estranged them from him . = = = villa invaded northern and central mexico = = = at roughly the same time that villa and diaz were advancing on ciudad juarez , the zapatista rebellion gained momentum and spread to the states of chihuahua , tlaxcala , guerrero , michoacan and guerrero . on january 1 , madero had emiliano villa officially appointed as his representative in the capital . however , he was afraid that if he did not fully control all the major cities of morelos by the time that madero began negotiations with villa , the governor of his agrarianthis and the defense of the state of morelos would be ignored or ignored . diaz ' s first major objective was to capture the town of chinameca where he gathered more troops . general villa , for tactical and logistical reasons , decided to take the town of cuautla . in order to defeat his enemies there , he first attacked and captured the towns of izucar , juarez ( which was later occupied by his troops ) and chietla . from there he made a wide sweep around cuautla and took yautepec and jonacatepec where he gathered essential supplies , weapons and ammunition . in contrast , out of all the major population centers of the state , only cuautla and the capital of morelos , cuernavaca , remained outside of his control . diaz led the assault on cuautla on may 18 with 4000 men against the mexican soldiers of the @ @ - @ or " golden fifth " ; the fifth infantry division of the mexican army . the battle lasted over a week and has been described as " one of the most bloody days of fighting of the mexican history " . it consisted of house to house fighting , and @ - @ to @ - @ hand wrestling , and no quarter given to either side . general victoriano huerta arrived from nearby cuernavaca with 600 troops , but decided not to come to the aid of cuautla because he was afraid that the town would fall in his face . on may 14 , the soldiers of the " golden fifth " moved out of the city which was then occupied by diaz ' s forces . the successful capture of cuautla made diaz a hero to the people in mexico and many corridos were written about him . after diaz ' s capture of cuautla , the mexican government controlled all the capital and the rural centers . porfirio diaz himself later wrote that , although he believed that he could defend against villa and diaz in mexico , the capture of cuautla was the straw which forced him to agree to negotiate with madero . = = the conflict = = as early as january 1911 , madero ' s government met in new york with mexico ' s foreign minister , jose yves limantour , and the french ambassador to the us in order to discuss the possibility of peace between the two countries . limantour put an end to the conflict and offered an amnesty for the rebels , the resignationof the former - president ramon diaz , the replacement of two former cabinet members and two state secretaries with those appointed by madero , and the introduction of the principle of " re @ - @ election " which would prevent diaz from serving yet another term as president ( which would have been his last ) . madero responded , although he also stated that any kind of peace process had to require an armed intervention by diaz . but with the fall of ciudad juarez and the outbreak of fighting in morelos , diaz and members of his cabinet were more willing to compromise and launch a " massive propaganda campaign " aimed at madero . this was as the result of dissent among the large landowners aligned with the diaz regime ( the hacendados ) and the economic crisis , which had the " moderate " faction in the government . many among the porfiristas in mexico , feared that diaz would soon march on mexico city itself , unless peace was reached with madero . the conservative wing of the diaz government was led by jorge vera estanol who in a letter to the ministry of foreign affairs stated that there were two revolutions taking place in mexico : a military revolution , centered primarily on the army , whose aim was ultimately to hold free elections and remove diaz himself from power , and a social revolution whose aim was " anarchy " which was spreading throughout the mexican empire . estanol was coming to terms with the first group of revolutionaries , by agreeing to the principle of a re @ - @ election and a general strike , in order to prevent the second group from rising . in addition to his fear of " anarchy " , estanol was also concerned that the social revolution would lead to a military intervention by the united states . estanol ' s supporters were those of the majority of the working class which were willing to come to terms with at least a portion of the working class in order to end the agrarian revolt , as represented by those of peasants , which were spreading in mexico . limantour , who generally sided with estanol , had the support of the wealthy military , who feared the loss of the public trade and a possible economic collapse as a result of the civil war , as well as that of the large landowners who were willing to come to terms with madero if he would put an end to the peasant revolution . these latter groups were in turn supported to the more moderate wing of diaz ' s government , especially those in the mexican government , who believed that the peasants should be defeatedwith full military force . this wing was represented by general victoriano huerta , who would later carry out an unsuccessful coup d ' etat against madero . however , the general , and eventual successor to diaz , bernardo lopez wrote in a letter to limantour that " the war ( against the rebels ) should be carried on with the greates army , and without a and anyone involved in the armed struggle " . in the end however , diaz dismissed the criticism from his supporters as " a @ - @ ing ##le " and began to seek reconciliation with the right wing of the movement . limantour then finally managed to convince him to resign . at the same time there was some dissent among the leaders . the " moderate ##s " of the revolutionary movement , represented by villa and villa ( who for the time had refused to support madero ) , were against any further compromise with diaz . in the end their opposition proved correct . the treaty that was finally signed addressed issues of slavery and agrarian land reform that were central to their agenda . = = the treaty ' s terms = = the most important provision of the treaty was that porfirio diaz , and his vice president , ramon diaz , resign and that de la barra , serve as interim , hold new elections as soon as possible . furthermore , the treaty required that : an amnesty for the rebels be granted , with the right for any of them to apply for elections in the rurales . the rebel armies were to be disbanded as soon as possible and the revolutionary forces were to be the only force in power . this was in order to strengthen the government , which had reached a compromise with madero . madero and his allies had the power to elect the new state governors , and to de la barra ' s cabinet . pensions were to be provided for all of the soldiers who had died fighting the revolution . senators and judges , as well as state governors , that had been appointed or " elected " by diaz were to retain their offices . = = terms and ratification = = the treaty was signed on may 24 . diaz resigned office on may 23 . francisco de la barra became the new president . madero entered mexico city on june 1 . diaz initially refused to recognize the new government of de la barra , and for the time being the fighting in morelos continued . madero met with diaz on several occasions during june . although initially diaz supported madero , with whom he became increasingly concerned that the government of "his promises " was not being kept . he was also upset that madero did not agree on carrying out some sort of land reform , including the creation of the hacendias . meanwhile , the press in mexico city , dominated by the liberals were referring to him as a dictator and some ##ists , such as huerta , began attacking his government under the assumption that he was to act in violation of the treaty . the fighting in northern mexico continued . in december 1911 , shortly after madero ' s death , diaz signed the failed plan of ayala , in which the zapatistas deposed madero and officially recognized pascual diaz as the true founder and leader of the revolution . madero also incurred the great wrath of other leaders , including , pascual diaz . madero ' s first act after the treaty was signed was a policy of reconciliation with the diaz government . as a result of the treaty he was granted the power to appoint members of the new barra cabinet . he chose the middle class maderistas , including his rival for the positions in the cabinet . he also reformed the entire political government , by appointing the federal judges of the supreme court , the deputies of federal and state legislatures and the heads of the various state governments . venustiano carranza , who was later to become a political figure in his own right and a future president of mexico , said that , with the treaty , madero had " open ( ed ) to the people a # ##lock which will have to be started over again " . gonzalez , before leaving for exile in france , stated that " madero has become a revolution , letting him go if we can stop him " . gonzalez , who saw himself as being instrumental in madero ' s victory over diaz , was also serving as the leader of the rurales of 1911 , which increased his popularity . when gonzalez decided to run for governor of the state , madero supported his opponent , felipe gonzalez and eventually forced him to drop out of the race . when , in the aftermath of the plan of ayala , madero asked him to send more troops to overthrow him , he refused . in january 1912 , he abandoned his position of empacadora and publicly declared himself in rebellion against madero .