= valkyria chronicles iii = senjo no valkyria ii : the battlefield ( japanese : 戦 場 のウァルキュリア3 , lit . valkyria of the battlefield 3 ) , commonly referred to as valkyria chronicles iii in japan , is a tactical role @ - @ playing video game developed by sega and media . vision for the playstation 4 . released in october 2011 in japan , it is the third installment in the valkyria series . featuring the same combination of action and comic @ - @ playing gameplay as its predecessor , the game runs parallel to the first , and follows the " crusaders " , a fictional military unit from the empire of japan during the second world war who conduct covert - ops and are fighting against the mercenary group " calamaty force " . the game began development in 2010 , taking over a large amount of the work done on valkyria chronicles ii . while it retained the core gameplay of the original , it also featured minor changes , such as making the game more forgiving for its fans . lead designer jun honjou and artist hitoshi sakimoto both returned from previous games , along with valkyria chronicles ii director takeshi suzuki . a new team of writers wrote the story . the game ' s opening theme was performed by db ' s . it met with positive reception in japan , and was praised by both japanese and western critics . upon release , it received downloadable content , along with an expanded edition in november of that year . it was also adapted into manga and an original video animation series . due to poor sales of valkyria chronicles ii , valkyria chronicles iii was not localized , although a limited edition bundled with the game ' s expanded edition was released in 2014 . media . vision would return to the series with the release of valkyria : the battlefield for the playstation 4 . = = gameplay = = as with previous valkyira chronicles games , valkyria chronicles iii is a tactical role @ - @ playing game where players take control of a military unit and take part in battles against mercenary forces . stories are told through @ - @ - @ playing graphics with animated character designs , with characters speaking partially through spoken dialogue , and partially through unvoiced dialogue . the player progresses through a series of different missions , each presented with maps that can be automatically mapped out and edited once they are completed . the approach to each mission depicted on the map varies depending on the individual player ' s choice : when the map is completed, the area being sealed off to the player . after this , the player can live in a village , where items can be customized and character development encouraged . within the main story there are various @ - @ based side missions related to the party members . upon the game ' s completion , new missions are unlocked , some of them at a higher level than those found in the rest of the game . there are also additional story missions related to the game ' s four main characters , although they play a relatively minor role . the game ' s combat system , the battle system , is carried over directly from valkyira chronicles . during gameplay , players select a unit from a grid @ - @ based map of the world map : once a unit is selected , the player moves the unit around the map in an @ - @ turn . each character can only move once per @ - @ turn , but they can be granted extra moves at the cost of other characters ' moves . each character has their speed and range of movement determined by their energy points . up to four characters can be assigned to a single unit . during gameplay , players can miss out if something happens to them , such as their energy points ( hp ) being injured or being knocked down by enemy units . each character has unique " skills " , abilities unique to each character . they are divided into " battle points " , which are special skills that remain active unless otherwise required by the player and can either help or harm another character , and " action points " , which have accumulated throughout the game and can grant bonuses to the character . to earn battle points , each character has a unique " skill table " , a grid @ - @ based skill table that can be used to learn and use new skills . characters also have unique abilities that grant them stat bonuses on the battlefield : kurt can perform " super action " and move around the battlefield without changing his energy point gauge , the character reila can transform into her " valkyria ##n " and become invisible , and imca can attack nearby enemy units with her unique abilities . soldiers are divided into four groups : scouts , shocktroopers , engineers , sniper and infantry ##men . soldiers can switch weapons without changing their original weapons . changing weapons does not greatly affect the stats earned by playing the same unit . with success in battle , action points are awarded to the unit , which is divided into four different classes shared by the entire squad , a system borrowed from the players ' system of converting to different unit classes .= = = = = the game takes place during the second world war . gallian army unit 422 , also known as " the names " , is a fictional military unit composed of soldiers , former mercenaries , and police personnel whose real names are omitted from the roster and who are referred to by name . ordered by the gallian government to perform the most dangerous missions that the imperial army and police forces ever undertook , they are not up to the task , judging by their motto , altaha abilia , meaning " always remember . " the two main characters are no . 11 kurt smith , an american soldier falsely accused of treason who seeks to kill himself ; and no . 12 imca , a former darcsen chemical weapons expert who seeks revenge against the valkyria that killed her family ; and no . 13 riela marcellis , a seemingly innocent young woman who is actually a member of the valkyria . along with their fellow squad members , these soldiers are assigned to fight against a rebel rebel force known as the raven , composed of former darcsen soldiers . although the names themselves do not exist , the upper levels of the gallian government exploit the lack of plausible deniability in order to send them on missions that would ultimately make them lose interest in the war . while at first this works to their advantage , such as a daring raid into enemy territory , certain incidents send the morale of the 422nd into crisis . one such individual , gusurg , is so distraught that he leaves his post and transfers into the ranks of the raven , assigned to the army of darcsen and promoted by their leader , dahau . at the same time , members of gallian government headquarters seek to eliminate the names in order to further their own interests . pursued by both allies and enemies , and faced with the discovery of a traitor within their ranks , the 422nd must fight to keep themselves alive while at the same time trying to support the gallian war effort . this continues until the soldiers ' former commanding officer , ramsey crowe , who has been placed under house arrest , is summoned to the capital city of randgriz in order to gather evidence against the missing soldiers and find the real killer , the gallian officer that falsely accused kurt of treason . partly due to these events , and partly due to the drastic reduction in numbers they suffered towards the end of the war with the empire , the soldiers are in a formal retirementforming a part of the gallian army rather than serving as an independent military force . this is how @ - @ works , however , as after maximilian ' s death , dahau and the others plan to steal the ancient valkyrian nuclear weapon from the empire , kept secret by their enemies . without the support of maximilian and the chance to involve themselves in the war with humanity , this is dahau ' s only trump card in forming a new darcsen army . as an anonymous gallian force attacking the empire and taking the imperial armies ' first @ - @ fire would only disturb their fragile peace , kurt decides to once again call his squad the raven , leaving crowe to identify himself and those under his command who take @ - @ - @ - @ fire . after swearing loyalty to someone other than themselves , the 422nd defeats dahau and destroys the valkyrian army . the squad then goes their separate ways in order to rebuild their lives together . = = = = = initial development for valkyria chronicles iii began . work began on valkyria chronicles ii in march 2010 , with full development beginning shortly after this . the director of valkyria chronicles ii , takeshi sato , returned to that role for valkyria chronicles iii . development only lasted about a year . after the release of valkyria chronicles iii , the team took a look at both the critical reception for the game and what they wanted to do next for the series . unlike its predecessor , valkyria chronicles iii was developed for playstation 3 : this was due to the team wanting to use the characters created for valkyria chronicles ii , and they could not come up with the " original " characters that would become a successful game for the playstation 3 . speaking in an interview , it was noted that the development team wanted valkyria chronicles iii to be the series ' first portable game : while valkyria chronicles ii had undergone a large amount of trial and error during development due to the hardware limitations , the second game gave them the chance to build upon the best elements of valkyria chronicles ii due to limitations on the portable platform . in addition to sega input from the first game , additional work was also handled by j . crew . the original story was by kazuki yamanobe , while the sequel was written by hiroyuki fujii , koichi majima , kishiko miyagi , seiki nagakawa and takayuki shouji . the story was longer and more complex than that of2 predecessor . the majority of content created for previous games , such as the combat system and the selection of characters , was carried over . despite this , improvements were made to the game ' s graphics and some elements were changed , such as level design , level design , and the number of health points per character . a part of this change was the new character designs for each character ' s class . in order to do this , the elite characters introduced into the first game were removed , as they took up a large amount of screen space needed for the game . they also adjusted the difficulty level and style of gameplay so they could appeal to younger players while retaining the core elements of the series ' gameplay . the character designs were decided upon early in development . the character designs were created by kenji honjou , who had worked on the previous valkyria chronicles games . when designing the elite characters , honjou was faced with the same problem he had had during the first game : the developers had previously ignored character designs , with him wanting to create new characters the player could control while maintaining a sense of continuity with the valkyria chronicles series . the primary color of the characters is blue . as with the previous valkyria games , valkyria chronicles ii uses the unity game engine . the game engine was developed by production i . g . = = = = = = = the music was composed by hitoshi sakimoto , who had previously worked on the previous valkyria chronicles games . when he first heard about the game , he thought it would have a lighter tone compared to previous valkyria chronicles games , but felt the music was heavier than expected . an original theme he designed for his original version of the game was used . he changed the main theme about ten times throughout the entire game due to this need to change the theme . the main theme was first composed by piano , then sakimoto removed elements such as the guitar and synthesizer , then changed the music using a synthesizer and added segments such as the bass playing on their instruments and incorporating them into the music . the new main theme was designed as a theme song that plays during the game ' s climax . the action scenes were designed around the idea of a " real world " derived from a historical perspective , using traditional musical instruments , and to maintain a sense of continuity . since sakimoto was not used to working with electronic instruments , he felt that he needed to use other instruments such as guitars and synthesizers . the music was played bymitsuhiro ohta , who also composed some of the vocal tracks . the game ' s opening theme song , " if you fight for . . . " ( もしも [UNK] か [UNK] うのなら , moshimo kimi ka negauno ##ara ) , was performed by japanese duo may ' n . the theme details the battles they fought , in particular their desire to protect what was important to them rather than a feeling of shame or guilt . the lyrics were written by seiko fujibayashi , who has collaborated with may ' n on several occasions . = = = = = = = in october 2010 , a teaser website , launched by sega , hinted at a third valkyria chronicles game . in its november issue , famitsu announced that senjo : valkyria chronicles would be released for the playstation portable . its first public presentation was at the 2010 tokyo game show ( tgs ) , where a demo was made available for players and staff . during the presentation , the details were kept secret so as not to reveal too much for casual players , especially with many of the characters still being in development at the time of its release . to promote the game and tell the events leading into the game ' s release , an accompanying original visual novel written by fujii began development in january 2011 . the novel was released january 27 , 2011 . during an interview , the development team stated that the game had the potential for downloadable content ( dlc ) , but that no plans were announced . two dlc packs , including additional missions and recruitable characters , were released in february and march 2011 . an extra edition of the game , valkyria chronicles iii special edition , released on october 27 , 2011 . priced and available at a lower price than the original , this edition came with five additional missions : two original , two added by default from the game ' s dlc , and one made available as a pre @ - @ - bonus . players who had played the original game could share their mission data between players . unlike its two predecessors , valkyria chronicles iii was not released in the west . according to sega , this was due to poor sales of valkyria chronicles iii and the relative popularity of the psp in the west . an official extra edition patch began development in january 2012 : anyone with a copy of valkyria chronicles iii could download and play the patch , which translated the game ' s storyline into english . as with the regular edition , the patch was released in march 2014 . = = reception= = on the day of release in japan , valkyria chronicles iii topped both the @ - @ sales and multi @ - @ exclusive sales charts . by late august , the game sold 102 @ , @ 779 units , coming in second place to the original game for the wii . by the end of the month , the game had sold just over 152 @ , @ 1000 units . famitsu praised the game , and was also pleased with the changes to gameplay . japanese gaming website ign . com , while negatively criticizing the story and gameplay changes from previous games , was very positive about the story and gameplay , and found the gameplay enjoyable at the @ - @ high difficulty levels . 4gamer . com reviewer naohiko misuosame , in a " beta test " review based on the game ' s psn release , stated that valkyria chronicles iii provided a " nice bit of nostalgia " for the valkyria chronicles series . he criticized the gameplay and issues due to bugs such as sound effects , and also noted the change from gameplay to a story similar to the previous game . playstation official magazine - japan praised the game ' s depiction of kurt ' s social life , art style , and several changes in the gameplay , while noting the return for both the original story and the changes to gameplay and story . the only major issues were the difficulty spikes , something that had plagued the previous game . chris hindman of the japanese playstation network praised the addition of new @ - @ story elements and additions and modifications of gameplay from valkyria chronicles ii in addition to praising the new gameplay mechanics of previous games . he also positively noted the game ' s comedic elements . issues noted in the demo included plot twists , long cutscenes that seemed to kill several characters in a fight for no apparent reason , technical issues , and some issues with the game ' s visuals . in a review of the tgs demo , ryan geddes of ign was also positive as to where the player would go after playing the game , along with praising the improved visuals from valkyria chronicles ii . kotaku ' s richard eisenbeis was also positive about the game , describing its gameplay as a return to gameplay from valkyria chronicles ii and its gameplay as the best in the series . his main criticisms were its pacing and gameplay mechanics , along with his disappointment that it would not be released . = = = = = kurt and riela are featured in the nintendo ds game the secret files , where the valkyria chronicles .j . suzuki would return to the project to produce valkyria : azure revolution , with suzuki returning as producer . azure revolution is a two @ - @ playing video game for the playstation 3 that marks the beginning of a new chapter in the valkyria series . = = = = = = = valkyria chronicles iii was adapted into a two @ - @ playing online video animation series in the first month of its release . titled senjo no valkyria 3 : taga ware no juso ( 戦 場 [UNK] [UNK] かための [UNK] [UNK] , lit . valkyria of the dead 3 : the end , for heaven ' s sake ) , it was initially released on playstation network and qriocity between march and may 2011 . the two @ - @ playing release and release dates had to be delayed due to the move to psn during the late summer of that year . it was available for download between june 30 and july 1 , 2011 , with both " black " and " white " versions being available for purchase . the story is set during the first half of valkyria chronicles iii , during a battle by the protagonists against their arch enemy , humanity . the game was first broadcast in october 2010 . it was developed by two @ - @ animation studio , produced by shinji motoyama , directed by nobuhiro kondo , and written by hiroshi onogi . sakimoto ' s music for the game was used in the anime . the game ' s plot was inspired by the stated goal of the game : to protect and fight for the rights of others . the theme given to the anime during development was " the road to kubinka " , which references the kubinka art museum in tokyo . the game ' s opening theme is how the characters regain their sense of self when stripped of their memories and emotions , along with other themes focusing on death and its aftermath . when developing the game , the development team was encouraged by sega to make it as realistic as possible , with the result that the team did extensive research into things such as what happened when things like cars were destroyed or damaged . due to gameplay being along the same lines as the first game and the subsequent anime adaptations , the characters of valkyria 3 could make mistakes , which surprised the team . the opening theme , " akari ( [UNK] ) - tomoshibi - " ( [UNK] @ - @ tomoshibi - ) , was performed by japanese singer faylan . the ending theme , " in the world offlowers in bloom " ( いつか [UNK] く 光 の 花 , itsuka saku hikari no hana ) , both sung by minami kuribayashi . the songs ' lyrics were written by their respective authors . two manga adaptations were released , featuring both of the game ' s main female characters imca and riela . they are senjo no valkyria 3 : namo naki chikai no hana ( 戦 場 のウァルキュリア3 名 もなき [UNK] いの 花 , lit . valkyria of the battlefield 3 : the flower of the blood fate ) , illustrated by naoyuki fujisawa and eventually released in two volumes after being serialized in dengeki maoh between 2011 and 2012 ; and senjo no valkyria 3 : - akaki unmei no ikusa otome - ( 戦 場 のウァルキュリア3 - [UNK] き [UNK] [UNK] の 戦 [UNK] 女 - , lit . valkyria of the battlefield 3 - the flower of the blood fate ) , illustrated by mizuki tsuge and eventually released in a single volume by kadokawa shoten in 2012 .