= = a & m singing cadets = the texas a & m singing cadets are a collegiate choral group at texas a & m university . nicknamed " the boys of aggieland " , the singing cadets have been active for 109 years , with their roots in the glee club founded on the a & m campus in 1893 . the singing cadets are one of the oldest collegiate choral organizations in the country . they have traveled throughout north america and europe and have received recognition for doing so , including invitations to perform for university presidents . contrary to their name , the singing cadets are not considered part of the corps of cadets and have not performed since 1965 , when the college as a whole reorganized its choral program . between 1996 and 2006 , the singing cadets traveled over 1 @ , @ 000 miles and performed more than 450 concerts annually . = = = = = the first appearance of a choral group at texas a & m ( then known as the agricultural and mechanical college of texas ) was in 1893 . the five member glee club was composed of both students and faculty . the group grew to over 100 members by the turn of the century . their first major overseas trip , 1905 , was to houston , texas , where they performed in a one - person concert . other trips during this period included a trip to fort worth in 1907 , where they met the composer fritz busch . a year later , the director of the group , professor a . j . junkin , founded the a & m glee club . the next major tour came in 1910 when it was directed by j . c . steger , and they performed for a number of schools in texas . after extensive fundraising efforts and lobbying , the group laid down its official constitution during the 1937 @ - @ 1938 academic year . the group gained the national spotlight when they performed at the 1939 cotton bowl classic . when a & m professor j . c . woolket became director in 1940 , the group was renamed the " singing cadets " after a popularity contest . the singing cadets ' official @ - @ 1941 director , richard jenkins , raised the organization ' s profile with a series of tours of the american southwest . under his direction in 1942 , the group recorded the soundtrack for the 1943 film we ' ve all been told . the singing cadets long - time director , william johnson , held the position for eight years . by the early 1950s membership had peaked at over 100 members . they performed regularly throughout texas , and made a trip to washington in 1952 . the group gained notoriety and fame by performing in front of the national guard inprogram . in 1960 , the singing cadets ' director , robert l . boone , ensured the group ' s national recognition . the group performed their first show in 1963 during the nationally televised miss texas usa pageant . for the next 20 years , the cadets served as vocal coaches , performers , and advisers for the show . they accompanied sergio franchi during the june 22 , 1970 broadcast . additionally , the cadets appeared on the ed sullivan show with sergio franchi singing " no man is an island " on december 31 , 1971 . however , they did not get to put on a scheduled live broadcast because their earlier performance was over the scheduled time . they did , however , record a 45 rpm of " no man is an island " with franchi in the following year . later that year , the singing cadets were invited to the white house by mayor john lindsay to perform for various dignitaries , including president richard nixon . the singing cadets made their first trip abroad in 1974 to mexico as part of a goodwill tour sponsored by the state department , performing six shows in a two week period . the cadets invited the aggie players onto kyle field during the halftime of football games during special occasions of the year , such as the centennial year of texas a & m university ( 1976 ) , and in 1980 to celebrate the centennial of the cowboys franchise . under boone ' s direction , the singing cadets won several international choral competitions . they won the silver medal at the international choral festival of mexico in 1979 . in 1983 they won the bronze medal in mexico . in 1993 , they traveled to texas , winning the gold medal . other international tours during the 1980s included special events celebrating the college 100th anniversary in 1986 , and national tours in 1987 and 1989 . in 2004 , the singing cadets traveled to australia , and sang the australian national anthem ( the victory song ) on the first day of that year . in january 2006 the cadets performed at the white house at the request of president george w . bush for an event to honor america ' s olympic team from the 2006 winter olympics . also in 2006 , the cadets performed at the miss america pageant . during the 2006 @ - @ 2007 season , the cadets performed over 20 shows in the united states , including a trip to south america during the year , where they traveled to argentina , uruguay and brazil . the singing cadets toured south america in 2010 and will be touring again in fall 2013 . = = = = = the singing cadets have incorporated a wide variety of music in their repertoire . their repertoire has included christian music and gospel music , as well astexas a & m has songs such as the aggie battle hymn . musical styles varied over the years , although country ballads and standards from the 1940s , 1950s , and 1960s remain fan favorites . currently , five albums recorded by the singing cadets are available for purchase . in chronological order , the albums are : god bless the south , songs from north carolina , dixie ; glory , glory , glory : a tribute to president bush , glory , glory , let freedom reign , and student center . = = alumni = = members of the corps of cadets make up a small portion of the singing cadets ; the group began its membership as a group in 1963 . the singing cadets perform concerts once a full year , with membership open to any male texas a & m student . the group is one of three at texas a & m . the others are the the @ - @ ed men ' s chorus , and the @ - @ ed , the jubilee singers . all three perform at the msc music center ( msc ) . the group is usually accompanied by a choir and occasionally by a conductor , and they are accompanied by instrumentation , including electric guitar , drums and acoustic guitar . the singing cadets wear costumes and makeup to accompany their singing , incorporating a variety of forms of music into their performances . a vocal quartet side project called the aggienizors performs at some concerts , including collaborations with the other singing groups . today , the singing cadets perform mostly at msc , but with a number of national and international tours . the cadets perform two @ - @ ed concerts per year . = = faculty = = professor j . m . soule professor tyrrel smith j . w . junkin j . w . steger j . smith j . w . smith j . h . smith professor j . h . woolket richard h . jenkins ewell professor william h . smith william h . smith john kipp = = highway 36 = ontario ' s highway 36 , commonly referred to as highway 36 , is a generally maintained highway in the canadian province of ontario . the highway connects highway 1 and highway 13 in peterborough with highway 2 in burleigh township , providing access to rural areas along the eastern shores of many of the kawartha lakes as well as to nearby communities , including bobcaygeon . today it is known as kawartha lakes city road 36 and peterborough city road 36 . the highway was first constructed in 1931 as a provincial trunk highway and opened in 1937 . it was generally maintained for the next 50 years until being decommissioned in1998 . however , a realignment in lindsay in the late 1990s moved the northern terminus of the route from the south of the lake to north of it ; the former route in lindsay became highway 36b and is now known as kawartha lakes road 36 . = = = = = = the route and alignment of former highway 36 has largely remained unchanged since the route was designated in 1998 . within the town of kawartha lakes , the route is now known as kawartha lakes road 36 , while within the city of peterborough , it is known as peterborough city road 36 . the route begins north of lindsay at an intersection with highway 36 and travels north , crossing a former railway ( now the kawartha lakes railway ) before intersecting kawartha lakes road 17 . the northern terminus of highway 36 , which leads to downtown peterborough , follows the former route of highway 36 and later became highway 36b . continuing north , highway 36 turns north and east , serving cottages and farms along the southern shore of the lake , and travels north for about 1 km ( . @ . @ . mi ) itself . in dunsford , which is unincorporated , the route intersects kawartha lakes roads 7 and 8 — the former continues north to omemee and the latter is an alternate route to bobcaygeon . former highway 36 continues , changing direction between south and north , before reaching the village of bobcaygeon . in bobcaygeon , highway 36 crosses the old – diversion canal and intersects the northern terminus of kawartha lakes road 7 . at this point it begins at the northern end of the bobcaygeon canal trail . at the intersection with main street at the north end of the village , the route turns east and former highway 649 continues north . within bobcaygeon , the former highway serves cottages along the southern shore of bald lake and across bald lake . after crossing nogies creek , the highway climbs a hill and enters the canadian shield for the first time . the highway travels along the boundary of the canadian shield and the canadian rockies , en route to burleigh falls . the border is to the north and is bounded by the plateau to the south . the route turns northeast along flynns creek , the former highway 507 . it enters the town of buckhorn from the west , where traffic must reverse to continue along the highway , which enters the town to the east . between buckhorn and burleigh falls , the route serves the farms thaton the north shore of little buckhorn lake . = = = = = highway 36 was first designated by the department of highways ( dho ) on july 1 , 1931 , and was one of several highways built as part of the depression – relief program . the highway originally connected downtown victoria with bobcaygeon . this section was mostly completed by the end of 1937 . on december 1 , 1937 , the dho extended the highway south to highway 36 at burleigh lake . highway 36 remained largely unchanged between 1937 and 1997 , with the exception of briefly being rerouted south of lindsay in 1958 . finally , on july 1 , 1998 , the entirety of highway 36 was transferred to victoria county and peterborough county , both of which redesignated it as city road 36 . peterborough county annexed the city of kawartha lakes in 2001 , and that portion of the highway is now designated as city road 36 . = = major intersections = = the following table lists the major intersections along highway 36 , as designated by the ministry of transportation of canada . in addition , it has several minor intersections . = = state route number = state route 67 ( sr 67 ) is a 26 @ . @ 5 miles ( 43 @ . @ 8 km ) long , north – south directional highway in northern arizona . also called the kaibab plateau – north rim parkway , sr 67 is the primary route that links u . s . route 89a ( us 89a ) at clear lake to the north rim of grand canyon national park . along the way , the road passes through the national park as well as kaibab national forest and is surrounded by evergreen trees . the section within the national park is maintained by the national park service ( nrhp ) , whereas the section outside of the park , also within kaibab national forest , is maintained by the arizona department of transportation ( adot ) . the road was constructed in the late 1920s and paved in the 1930s . in 1941 , the road received its designation , and was given its name as the parkway in the 1950s . the road has received designation as a national registered scenic highway as well as a national scenic highway . = = route number = = signage for sr 67 begins at the ##water ##hole on the north rim of the grand canyon national park . adot does not officially recognize this section of road , but it is signed as sr 67 . the road heads north along the kaibab plateau – north of and through the small town of north rim , surrounded by evergreen trees . the road passes a large lake . meeting the parkmarie , where maintenance by adot ends . heading into kaibab national park on a winding path , the highway is surrounded by a large lake surrounded by large trees . as it enters the olympic national park , sr 67 becomes an unpaved state forest road . the area around the highway is dominated by these trees . sr 67 makes several turns , turning sharply toward the north . the highway , with the new designation of grand canyon highway in addition to the old designation , makes several turns as it heads north into the forest . it follows a more winding course as it passes through coconino canyon . at its end , the highway turns sharply north toward its terminus at sr 89a in jacob lake . the northern segment of the highway is maintained by adot , who are responsible for maintaining sr 67 like all state highways in the state . as part of this responsibility , adot regularly surveys roads along its routes . these surveys are most often reported in the form of average annual daily traffic , which is the number of vehicles that use the highway on any given day during the year . in 2009 , adot estimated that approximately 1 @ , @ 100 vehicles use the highway daily at its northern terminus in jacob lake . the federal highway administration ( fhwa ) maintains the highway as a national forest highway , and the us forest service has also designated it a national park service highway . no portion of the highway has been listed on the national highway system , a system of highways in the united states important to the nation ' s economy , defense , and mobility . due to the lack of recreational opportunities on the north rim of the grand canyon during winter , public access is not required until december 1st , with the exception that sr 67 is permanently closed to all traffic from december 1st until midnight . = = = = = sr 67 began as a road to access the north rim of the grand canyon national park as early as 1927 as a dirt road . by 1935 , the road had been upgraded to a paved road , and by 1938 it had been paved . in 1941 , the road was designated as a state highway and signed as sr 67 . in 1985 , the road received the designation of kaibab - – north rim highway , an official state scenic highway . the designation included sr 67 in its entirety as well as extending north into grand canyon national park . two years later , adot received the designation @ - @ of @ - @ - for construction of the road from its northern terminus to 10 miles ( 16 km ) north . in 1989 ,an additional mile @ - @ of @ - @ road was added by adot from the original designation of 5 miles ( . @ . @ . @ ) east . in september of that year , the parkway received the designation of a national forest scenic byway , and in july 1998 , the kaibab - – oregon coast parkway received another designation , this time as a national scenic highway . since then , the parkway has not been upgraded and retains its original designation . = = = = = = the entire route is in coconino county .