= the feast of the goat = the feast of the goat ( spanish : la fiesta del chivo , 2000 ) is a novel by the colombian national prize for literature winner mario vargas llosa . the novel is set in the dominican republic and depicts the assassination of the dictator rafael trujillo , and its aftermath , from two different perspectives one year apart : during and shortly after the assassination itself , in december 1961 ; and about five years later , in 1996 . however , there is an important focus on the end of the dictatorship , in the caribbean , and its consequences for the country and its people . the novel has three main strands . the first follows a woman , lara cabral , who arrives back in the dominican republic , after a long absence , to visit her dead father ; she begins by recalling events from her childhood and revealing a long @ - @ held secret to her aunt and uncle . the second story line focuses on the last days of trujillo ' s life from the moment she grew up there , and shows us the dictator ' s inner circle , to which lara ' s father had belonged . the third story follows trujillo ' s family , many of whom had previously been regime enemies , as they search for his body later that day ; after the assassination , this story line shows us the assassins ' return . each part of the novel ' s narrative presents a different aspect of the dominican republic ' s political and social history , past and present . we are shown the country ' s downward spiral , trujillo ' s death , and its aftermath through the eyes of politicians , intellectuals , and a middle @ - @ aged woman looking on . the book is also a philosophical examination of political power , and its destructive effects , and its long @ - @ held consequences . the novel ' s themes are the concepts of memory and memory , and their relationship to absolute and absolute power in a highly hierarchical society with many gendered divisions . memory , and the power of memory , is also an important theme , particularly in lara ' s story as she recalls her childhood in the dominican republic . her story ( and the novel as a whole ) ends when she recalls the tragic events that led to her leaving the country at the age of 18 . the novel itself serves as a reminder of the lessons of history , to ensure that the limits of political power will be overcome by a future generation . vargas llosa combines philosophical themes and historical facts :the book is not a documentary , and the cabral massacre , for example , is entirely fictional . on the other hand , the lives of trujillo and trujillo ' s family are drawn from the historical record ; vargas llosa incorporated real life accounts of violence and torture into these people ' s lives , to help explain the nature of the massacre and the attention it received . in vargas llosa ' s words , " it ' s a documentary , not a history book , and i took many , many liberties . [ . . . ] i have kept the basic premise , but i have changed and added more details in order to make the book more interesting — and i have largely succeeded . " the feast of the goat received generally positive reviews , with many critics commenting on the book ' s exploration of the relationship between religion and politics , and on the accurate depiction of historical events . a film adaptation of the book was released in 2005 , starring isabella rossellini , morgan freeman , and tomas milian . jorge luis triana and his wife maria triana wrote a television adaptation in 2003 . = = = = = the feast of the goat is only the second of vargas llosa ' s novels to be set in cuba ( the first being the beginning of the end of the world ) . it is also notable because it is the first to feature a female protagonist : as author lynn walford says of the female characters in the feast of the goat , and in vargas llosa ' s previous novel the road to freedom , " they are very unlike any of the other female characters in his other novels " . the novel depicts the authoritarian rule of rafael antonio trujillo molina in the dominican republic . trujillo was , in author eric roorda ' s words , " a major figure in dominican and dominican history " who presided over " one of the most successful regimes of the 20th century " during the 50 @ - @ - years between his assumption of power in 1930 and his death in 1961 . trujillo had served with the united states marine corps during the united states occupation of the country , and graduated from the haina military academy in 1921 . after the u . s . occupation in 1924 , he became head of the dominican national police which , under his leadership , was transformed into the dominican national army and trujillo ' s first " most important military force " . trujillo was a president only from 1930 to 1938 , and from 1942 to 1952 , but remained in political power throughoutthe revolutionary song . although his father was a marxist , victor chirot stated that he had " no political ideology " and that his economic and social policies were generally liberal . the novel ' s title is taken from the popular dominican merengue mataron al chivo ( " they killed the goat " ) , which refers to trujillo ' s assassination on june 10 , 1961 . merengue is a genre of music created by nico lora in the 1960s and heavily influenced by trujillo himself ; it is widely considered the country ' s national anthem . literary historians julie miller and lawrence ropp comment on this popular merengue that , despite depicting the goat as an animal that could be made into a weapon ( as often happens with people lying down on the dominican republic ' s streets ) , the song " gave those people , listening to and listening to this merengue a sense of power over him and others themselves that they had not had for over two decades . " vargas llosa sings the lyrics to mataron al chivo at the end of the novel . = = plot = = = the novel ' s plot is divided into three main strands . one is centered on agustin cabral , a former ##ized ##er ; another deals with the people involved in trujillo ' s assassination ; and the third is on trujillo himself . the novel moves between these strands , and then jumps back and forth from 1961 to 1996 , with occasional references to events earlier in trujillo ' s life . the assassination of the goat begins with the return of her to her hometown of santo domingo , a city which had been renamed ciudad trujillo during trujillo ' s time in power . this novel is largely autobiographical and deals with maria ' s life and her inner turmoil in the years following her exile from the dominican republic thirty @ - @ five years earlier . she escapes the oppressive trujillo regime in 1961 , where she continues to study under the guidance of professors in europe . over the following years , she becomes a successful and successful new york lawyer . she eventually returns to the dominican republic in 1996 , on a scholarship , and finds herself forced to confront her past and aspects of her life she had previously forgotten . as she talks to her deceased father , agustin cabral , she experiences more and more of the pain and grief that led to her thirty @ - @ five years of exile . she witnesses her father ' s descent into financial ruin, and the assassin that forms the basis of both rafael ' s story and that of trujillo himself . the second and third narratives are set in 1961 , in the years prior to and during trujillo ' s assassination on 15 november . each man has his own personal story , and his reasons for his involvement in the assassination attempt . each has been tortured by trujillo and his regime , through torture and execution , and the attacks on their homes , their christian faith , their families , and their loved ones . vargas llosa tells the stories of the assassins as they arise from the night of trujillo ' s assassination , when the assassins lay in wait for " the assassin " . interspersed with these events are the stories of other prominent trujillistas of the time : joaquin balaguer , the revolutionary leader ; rafael sanchez garcia , the former head of the secret intelligence service ( sim ) ; and many others — - biographical , some biographies of historical figures , and some purely fictional . the fourth narrative is concerned with the life and actions of rafael de trujillo molina himself . the stories of the assassin describe the major events of his life , including the murder of thousands of black people in 1937 . they also deal with the dominican republic ' s complex political situation during the cold war , especially with the united states under the presidency of john f . kennedy , and cuba under castro . vargas llosa also touches upon trujillo ' s inner workings and paints a picture of a man whose physical appearance is like him . trujillo is consumed by guilt and remorse ; and this story deals with maria ' s revenge when it is revealed that she was sexually assaulted by trujillo . rafael is unable to reach any understanding with her , and in shame and anger , kills her with his sword . this incident is the source of maria ' s revenge , and her anger towards her husband . in turn , it is the source of trujillo ' s growing anger towards the " nasty little bitch " that fuels his rage and anger , and the fact he was en route to mexico with a woman on the night of his assassination . in the novel ' s final chapters , the three narratives intersect with increasing intensity . the tone of these chapters is more somber as they deal primarily with the eventual torture and death of the assassin at the hands of the sim , the failure of the assassins , the death of the##ania , and the promises made to trujillo ' s most bitter enemies allow them to take their final revenge on the government and to leave the country . the novel ends as she decides to return home , but this time to get in touch with her family back on the island . = = = = = = = = present day = = = maria cabral and her father agustin cabral appear in both the modern day and historical portions of the novel . in the year 1996 , she returns to the dominican republic for the first time since her exile at the age of 30 . she is a successful new york lawyer who has spent much of the past ten years trying to forget the events of her past , a goal she achieved through her lifelong fascination with trujillo and dominican history . she is deeply affected by the events of her past , and is determined to confront her father agustin about his role in those events . she confronts her father , finding him weakened by age and a recent illness , so much so that he is barely able to respond properly to her questions , let alone speak . agustin watches intently as she describes his life as " agustin cabral " , a non @ - @ vocal member of trujillo ' s inner circle , and his subsequent fall from grace . she recounts agustin ' s role in the events that led to her kidnapping by the # ##s , and to her own experience of physical and mental abuse . agustin ' s appearance in the modern day portion of the novel serves primarily as a sounding board for agustin ' s criticism of the trujillo regime and the events that caused both agustin cabral ' s death and agustin ' s expulsion from the country . his actions are brutal and non @ - @ vocal , reflecting the ardency of agustin ' s life and the brutality of his own actions during trujillo ' s regime . = = = the trujillo regime = = = rafael trujillo , known variously as the goat , the goat , and the goat , is a fictional character based on the military dictator of the dominican republic from 1930 to 1961 and the first president of the republic from 1930 to 1938 and 1943 to 1952 . in the case of the goat , vargas llosa reads the last thoughts of the goat , and describes the goat ' s last moments from his own perspective . trujillo ' s character struggles with depression and the various stages of mental and physical##otence . through historical events and first person narrative , the reader is given insight into the dictator who , during his " @ @ - @ one years of intense political violence " , destroyed the country ' s democracy and economy , and whose regime ' s successes against its enemies , ( including the attempted assassination of romulo betancourt , president of cuba ) lead to the lifting of economic sanctions on the dominican republic by the organization of american states in the 1950s . the resulting economic crisis , in combination with other factors , led to the counter - coup attempt that took trujillo ' s life on november 15 , 1961 . trujillo ' s regime is led by general ramon garcia , the head of the national intelligence service ( sim ) , a ruthless man to whom the " torture , . . . murders , . . . he threw into prison " are attributed . garcia and his fellow officers are known for their brutality , and their methods of arresting people and throwing them into @ @ - @ one prisons . johnny garcia " may be the dictator , but he ' s good to the people ; everything good was done to him and all the good to trujillo " . trujillo ' s son , ramfis trujillo , is a loyal servant of the people . after several attempts at exile in the united states , ramfis returns to the dominican republic to serve in his country ' s military . he becomes a @ @ - @ one assassin . upon trujillo ' s death , ramfis seeks revenge , even going so far as to torture and kill his brother by marriage , general jose roman , for his part in the assassination plot . joaquin balaguer , trujillo ' s son , is also a assassin , and despite his previously benign personality had no real power . after trujillo ' s death , the kindness and kindness of balaguer brought a radical change to his regime , and general roman notes that " this ruthless man whom everyone has always considered a mere puppet , a mere symbolic enemy of the people , begins to gain real power " . it is balaguer who leads much of the plot in the first section of the novel . = = = = = = = the plot of the assassination plot involves the three men who ultimately participate in trujillo ' s assassination . antonio imbert barrera is one of the three men who witness the violent events that kill tr##ujillo ' s son . imbert is a soldier who is obsessed with the brutality and corruption of the trujillo regime . his initial attempt to assassinate trujillo is thwarted by the subsequent violent overthrow of the regime by local military forces . becoming aware of the failure of his mission , imbert joins the other men in plotting trujillo ' s assassination . among the others is antonio de la maza , one of trujillo ' s personal bodyguards . antonio ' s brother is killed as part of a planned con @ - @ , and antonio vows revenge upon trujillo . francisco estrella sadhala , known as " turk " , is a devout catholic who , in anger over the regime ' s alleged crimes against humanity , takes an oath against trujillo . he then turns himself in for evidence that the regime is killing his brother . both turk and his younger brother are then tortured for information . his brother remains loyal to trujillo and returns home to his father . despite all of this , turk refuses to commit suicide and does not lose faith in god . turk is eventually killed by ramfis and other high ranking military officers . turk ' s best friend , amado garcia guerrero , known as amadito , is a colonel in the army who gave up his wife as proof of his loyalty to trujillo , and so he was forced to kill her himself to prove himself to trujillo . amadito ' s frustration with himself and frustration with the situation lead to his decision to attempt to assassinate trujillo . after the assassination he falls out with de la maza and continues fighting . in the aftermath of the assassination , amadito and antonio de la maza agree to join the forces of sim who attempt to kill them , choosing to die in peace rather than be killed and tortured . = = minor characters = = the year of the assassin ' s major themes are political corruption , religion , religion , and writing and reading . olga lorenzo , writing for the new yorker , argues that mario vargas llosa ' s goal was to destroy the powerful culture of latin america that gave rise to him . = = = political corruption = = = the history of dominican society is complex , with many gendered roles . rafael trujillo , the dictator , was a powerful man who ruled the island of santo domingo for many years until his death . he was a powerful caudillo , endowed with power and2 . he creates a personality cult within his own regime and spreads corruption through his ranks . prior to rising to a position of power , each assassin is required to pass a " test of character " . his orders are to remain loyal to him at heart , and are constantly challenged by public opinion and opinion , though acts of violence are common . trujillo uses women and children as an expression of economic and political power , and in many cases kills the wife and children of his enemies , many of whom still remain fiercely loyal . even the political and military leaders are forced to sell women to the assassins for sex . many of the assassins either belong to the trujillo regime or have at some point been his strongest supporters , only to have their support for him eroded by the regime ' s violence against his opponents . imbert , one of the assassins , sums up this process in a speech inspired by the story of the mirabal massacre : " they killed our parents , our brothers , our husbands . and now they ' re killing our children . and here we are , alone , waiting our turn . " in an interview , vargas llosa describes the corruption and brutality of trujillo ' s regime : " he has more or less all the basic characteristics of a latin american dictator , but pushed to the limit . in fact , i think he is far enough away from the truth — and in brutality , too . " = = = = = = = according to marxist historian lorenzo van niessa , the most important aspects of corruption are aggressive behaviour and hyper @ - @ sexuality . aggressive behaviour is revealed by displays of power and wealth , while hyper @ - @ sexuality is revealed by sexual relations with as many women as possible . these two aspects influence the portrayal of trujillo and his regime in the war of the gods . as lorenzo explains , vargas llosa " uses aspects of corruption , of aggressive behaviour , and of hyper @ - @ sexual relations that expose the mistakes of women , so that each one is a piece of the pie to the next generation . " in a parody of these aspects of power , trujillo asks of his ministers and ministers that they provide him with equal rights to their wives and children . mario vargas llosa says of trujillo ' s abuse and abuse of women , " [ w ] e went to bed with his ministers ' wives , not only because he loved these women but because he was aand to manipulate his ministers . he wanted to see if they were prepared to accept this public humiliation . " the ministers were chosen to fulfill this political role — and they remained loyal to trujillo even after his death . " trujillo ' s sexual exploits and the murders of his ministers also serve to reinforce his political power and influence . in niessa ' s words , " the idea is that sexual power is not enough . " trujillo ' s attempted sexual conquest of her is an example of the sexual power of agustin cabral and his power over young women . however , since trujillo ' s penis is erect throughout the novel and he is naked in front of the young woman , the action fails to satisfy his desire for revenge . = = = = = = = all of the novel ' s events involve memory in one way or another . the most important use of memory is on the part of isabel cabral , who has returned to the dominican republic for the first time in many years , and is forced to recall her father and the events that caused her to leave the country at 17 . she was the victim of sexual abuse at the hands of the dictator himself , a move her father made to try to gain favor with the dictator himself , a fact to which she admits throughout the novel , but which is only revealed at the very end : the novel ends with her recalling the events of that night to her father and uncle , who never learn the real reason she left the country . when her father is surprised that she remembers all these things , she says that because she remembers these things , " i remember everything about that night . " for isabel , remembering the murders committed by the assassins is important . her father , on the other hand , is not capable of joining her in this act of forgetting , since he has suffered a stroke and is not capable of speaking ; thus , he is surprised that he chose to forget these events when he is still capable of remembering them . this is particularly important in the parts of the novel that deal with the assassination . he recalls the events that led him to take part in the assassination of trujillo . these events include the 1956 galindez kidnapping and murder , the 1960 murder of the mirabal family , and the 1961 confrontation with the catholic church . these three events are used by vargas llosa to link the novel with the events that triggered the end of trujillo ' s political . tr##ujillo , meanwhile , is also reflecting on the past , not just his military service and death at the hands of the us army . but above all mario vargas llosa uses the real history to make the novel ' s attempt at confronting the past . the novel opens and closes with chavez ' s story , thus opening the novel in the sense of knowing the past and seeing its place in the present . in addition , because of her extensive study of the history of the trujillo regime , she is also preserving the memory of the past for the reader as a whole . this is in keeping with the goal of the novel , which is to ensure that the history of the regime and the abuse of its power will be remembered by a new generation . = = = writing and reading = = = in her analysis of the novel , author isabel ruiz argues that writing gives its wielder the power to change laws ; laws that are embedded in history , the interpretation of which is what is and what is not " . the regime ' s actions in the feast of the goat created the era of censorship : foreign newspapers and magazines were banned from covering trujillo ' s country because they were seen as a threat to the regime ' s power . mario vargas llosa took part in this discourse by reporting what was happening . ruiz argues that writing fiction has the power to change history . it takes the reader back to the past , forcing the reader to confront history through the stories told by others . ruiz argues that knowing the past is essential to one ' s understanding of the past that leads up to it , and argues that the feast of the goat can also be seen as a historical novel that gives access to history itself . the use of stories about the history of trujillo ' s regime creates a sense of freedom from the events that took place . author julia alvarez argues that these events can " only finally be explained through fiction , only to be explained in the novel " , while richard patterson argues that vargas llosa " reconfigures , and to a great extent transforms " trujillo and his authoritarian regime through use of visual devices . vargas llosa ' s novel serves as a visual metaphor for this change in history . = = fact and fiction = = the novel is a mixture of fact and fiction . each of these two elements is present in any historical novel , but not in the feast of the goat because vargas llosa attempts to narra##te = actual story from the perspective of both real and fictional people . some characters are fictional , and those that are non @ - @ fictional and have become parts of the story . the external forces of the regime are fictional , and the characters are all real people . as they lie in wait for the president to return , they reveal the details of the regime , such as the murder of the mirabal family . however , other characters were created by vargas llosa , such as amadito ' s murder of the mother of the woman he killed . those representing the regime are also a mix of fictional characters and real people . joaquin balaguer is real , but the entire cabral family is entirely fictional . according to patterson , vargas llosa " used this as a starting point for writing a fictional account of trujillo ' s " second invasion " of the dominican republic as experienced by the entire family . the entire cabral family inspired vargas llosa to present both sides of the trujillo regime : through agustin , the reader sees their courage and commitment to the cause of the people ; through hugo , the end of the regime and the years of suffering they left behind . vargas llosa also depicts the internal struggles of the people that are non @ - @ fictional , including those of the dictator himself . according to literary critic richard patterson , " vargas llosa ' s reached all the way into the very " inner workings " of trujillo ' s mind ( if the reader chooses to believe it ) . " vargas llosa also created the image of the dictator with the most current knowledge . with regard to the historical accuracy of the novel , vargas llosa has said " it ' s a novel , not a historical book , and i took many , many liberties . the only restriction i imposed on myself was that i was not allowed to do anything that couldn ' t have happened within the context of history in the dominican republic . i have kept the original plot , but i have changed and added more details in order to make the novel more interesting — and i have always succeeded . " = = book review = = the critical tone of the day of the goat was seen by many critics as being a departure from the more traditional approach to the # ##s . the novel received mostly positive reviews , many of which were reluctant to accept claims of historical accuracy in favor of narrative storytelling . a common complaint about the novel was the surreal ##ism of the various scenes of violence and horrorwhich are present throughout the novel . it lets the reader experience the workings of an authoritarian regime with a level of realism not often used by his contemporaries in latin american literature , as michael wood writes in the london review of books : " vargas llosa . . . tells us much more about the events of from @ - @ to @ - @ day 2 , and the brutal , graphic details of torture and rape . " walter kirn of the new york times notes that the " graphic descriptions of prison escapes and # ##s " cast certain parts of the novel in a negative light , stripping them of their meaning and meaning . however , kirn notes that the " torture scene " described by wood as being somewhat surreal , provides a more coherent narrative . the final segment centered on maria cabral is described by sturrock as providing an emotional focus that shocks the reader , and wood notes that her encounters with the cia hold the reader back . in contrast , kirn ' s review notes that wood ' s descriptions are " dark and disturbing . . . [ and ] seem to be on loan from another kind of world . " most reviews of the feast of the goat make some kind of explicit reference to the relationship between sex and power . the reviewer laura smith , and for the guardian john heawood , walter kirn , and michael wood all note the reference to trujillo ' s eventual loss of his control , both over his body and his mind . the means by which trujillo gains his power through sexual intercourse and begins to lose his power when his body fails him are topics of considerable debate among critics . in 2011 john diederich , author of the 1978 vargas @ - @ language novel trujillo . the feast of the goat , accused vargas @ - @ llosa of homosexuality . = = = = = the vargas @ - @ language film adaptation of the novel was released in 2005 , directed by luis llosa , mario vargas llosa ' s son . it starred isabella rossellini as maria cabral , morgan freeman as her husband agustin , stephanie cole as uranita and tomas milian as rafael de trujillo . it was released in both the dominican republic and in spain . reviewing the film for the trade magazine variety , critic jeff richmond called it " less a thriller than a rather dull , but highly entertaining , vargas @ - @ language novel " , noting that the " translation from the spanishand of the value of human life . the novel has also been adapted for the stage , by jorge luis triana and his wife maria triana , directed by jorge triana : the play was put on ( in spanish , and with a translation to english ) by repertorio espanol ( www . repertorio . org / chivo ) in new york in 2003 ; and the production moved to madrid in 2007 . a feature of the novel ' s film adaptation is that the same actor plays both agustin cabral and rafael trujillo . for critic thomas newman , this makes the case " that trujillo ' s rule of the country bordered on political violence " .