= = intelligence = = forward intelligence team ( fit ) are two or three police officers who are employed by british police forces to gather intelligence on the streets and in other areas , to target protesters and monitor anti @ - @ social behaviour . they use cameras , cameras and audio recorder to conduct covert surveillance of the public . an ongoing legal challenge has been made against their use of overt surveillance , but in 2009 the court of appeal ruled that they cannot make use of them on a case @ - @ - @ - @ level system . any such photograph is stored on the crimint system . some journalists have criticised fits and stated that they believe the purpose of their presence during protests is to prevent legal action . they have also claimed that police failed to report them photographing protesters and that they continued surveillance of them . a similar unit , fitwatch , formed in 2007 that aim to monitor protests and perform sousveillance on the streets . two members of the team were arrested during the 2008 peace talks on terrorism charges . a second covert intelligence unit , the forward intelligence team is operated by greater manchester police . in october 2010 , the home office announced it would expand the role of fits during public order operations . = = identity and security = = fits were originally formed in the early 1990s , as part of the public order operations unit ( co11 ) , a part of the public order branch of the metropolitan police . they have targeted protest ##ors , bomb squads and political activists ( since at least 1996 ) , using cameras , cameras and audio recorder to conduct covert surveillance of the public . the fit officers wear blue uniforms , and are intended to have a very visible presence . their uniform is slightly different from regular police uniforms in that the top half of their blue uniform sleeves are blue . fit officers are also paid by the police to work with them . according to scotland yard , the role of the teams during protests is to collect reports of disorder in case it occurs later on in the protest . more recently the teams ' role has been shown to support police work on case @ - @ - @ and anti @ - @ social behaviour and police forces across the uk also have their own teams . despite the claim in their website that their function is to help gather intelligence , they are not shown to have a police role . this effect has been shown to work towards reporting reports of anti @ - @ social behaviour at times when fits are deployed in urban areas . jacqui smith , the home secretary praised a snap that wasspeaking to the protesters , in laindon , kent said : " operation hush is exactly the kind of street surveillance that will bring ordinary people to their senses . . . . surveillance of them and their behaviour throughout the day and night " linda catt , an activist , has said that their actions were " designed to silence protesters and encourage political dissent " . this view was supported by a bbc report of their presence at the 2008 march for democratic change which praised fits at the time for targeting protesters . in september 2010 , the home office announced it would ban the use of fits during public order events . the decision was prompted by the fact that data collected by fits , including that which was relevant to suspected offences , for example , poorly displayed posters at rallies . in november 2010 , police officers in plain clothes were detained by a police officer at a protest against people avoiding taxes , police commissioner john broadhurst told a parliamentary committee in december 2009 , that fit uniformed officers identified by their uniforms and white caps were used in gathering intelligence during protests . the metropolitan police told the committee that it had decided to use case @ - @ as officers to " gather intelligence to provide them with a timely and accurate @ - @ to @ - @ date for assessment of what to do " . this was the first time that fits were found to have been officers in plain clothes . = = democratic action = = fits won a judicial review of the public policing action in december 2008 , which initially ruled in favour of the police , but the police were able to present their case to the court of appeal , following an appeal by the guardian newspaper . in december 2009 , the court of appeal ruled that photos taken by fits of people who have not committed a criminal offence could no longer be taken . the decision was made after david wood , an arms trade expert , was arrested after criticizing the comments of reed elsevier at their agm about them holding arms at exhibitions . wood claimed that fits had arrested him and violated his right to privacy by arresting him . john smith of mapesbury said that the fits ban had a " chilling effect " on people who were detained there . fits have since been reinstated but they can still ban the use of photos on a case @ - @ to @ - @ date " . as a result of the ban the metropolitan police ' s public order unit , co11 was ordered to remove 50 % of the photos of people that they arrested . in a report on the aftermath of the 2009 case @ - @ 20 day protesthowever , denis o ' connor , the chief inspector of police , said that the continued use of fits at protests " raises serious security concerns and should be stopped " . he also said that there was " concern " about the use of fits and suggested that the home office should provide guidance on the use of the photographs of people and the use of them . = = data collection = = the data that fits collects is based on the crimint database , which is used primarily by police officers to gather artificial intelligence . events are identified by numbers for which to identify which individual they have attended . data collected by fits are used to create " photo files " consisting of people ' s movements which allow police to track them and the events that they attend . for £ ##400 , police are able to create a database of events that they have attended from the data collected by crimint under provisions of the data protection act 1998 . = = = research = = the 2006 report , the future of mass surveillance found that the use of fits at protest events was using data of size 1 @ , @ 100 pages to track the movements of each person . the report also found that most of the people using " smart cards " , developed by the fits team , are those involved in the organisation of protests and that they only attend events where protests are held . = = harassment = = fitwatch ( founded in september 2007 ) campaigns against police by not monitoring their activities , and by not monitoring their activities by mobile phones ( a form of sousveillance ) . in march 2009 , the police published video footage taken by a woman at the 2008 police conference of alleged police harassment against four female members of fitwatch . the women had asked police officers to display their id pads , but at least two officers had not displayed them . the women attempted to ask the police officers for help , but were knocked to the ground , bound with rope , and had their hands bound with rope . they were then placed in holding cells , arrested , tortured and held in custody for five days , including three days at hmp bronzefield , where they were released on bail . the police subsequently dropped all the charges against the women . the police lodged a complaint with the ipcc about the incident . the journalist george monbiot commented on this incident , saying that " the police are turning it into a joke " and that " the police ' s seem to have been copied from the stasi ##s course " . he added that " anybody who was physically present , including , identified ,signed , verified , and e @ - @ verified " . a police inquiry into the incident in kingsnorth praised the work of fits saying that they were " very effective and provided valuable publicity and support " . two members of fitwatch were arrested for attending fit meetings in may 2008 when they attempted to arrest those attending a may 1 meeting in london . in july 2010 the middle temple high court upheld the police ' s convictions , with the judge stating that the students ' human rights rights had been violated by the fit movement . on 16 november 2010 , the founders of the fitwatch website were asked by the police and e @ - @ # ##watch to shut down the site due to it " being used to facilitate criminal investigations " . the request came after a post on the website about the 2010 student protests in london , which advised students of actions they should take if they were aware that they were present at the protests , such as cutting their hair and removal of clothing they were wearing . emily smith , one of the founders of the website told the press , " nothing about that post [ about access to fit journalists ] has ever been posted publicly on our blog or any other websites " . on 16 november 2010 , the fitwatch website relaunched , albeit on a private basis outside of the uk . the national union of journalists ( nuj ) has criticised fits for their frequent and often illegal surveillance of student journalists . michael vallee , who was arrested by fits while attending a protest , has said that the police abuse freedom of the press and called on the home secretary to ensure that the police have no authority to monitor the work of journalists . bob broadhurst , who is in charge of public relations operations for the metropolitan police , said in a letter to the nuj in 2008 that students , " on the basis of a certain quality of journalism should be allowed to continue with their work " . the nuj failed to make a formal complaint to the police commissioner due to the metropolitan police failing to provide information about the protection of journalists under the freedom of information act . bob broadhurst told reporters at a nuj meeting that he showed good faith in the fits press pass ( a type of press pass ) despite them having to prove that they are bona @ - @ fide newsgatherers to obtain appropriate information before they are arrested . the bbc television programme qi aired an episode of what has happened to police officers ? in december 2009 which explored the role of police in policing students and journalists . = = metropolitan police force = = metropolitanmanchester police have a video surveillance unit , whose plainclothes officers confront and video screen other prisoners as they leave prison after serving their sentences . they also collect footage of people involved in @ @ - @ criminal behaviour on the street . the aim is to give other police officers up to date information on the behaviour of people who have broken the law . video footage they collected is often shown on video screens in areas where they perform their duties . footage that they have collected has also been uploaded onto youtube in an attempt to identify people they may have reoffended . this has resulted in several people being sent back to prison without meeting certain criteria . since the unit was launched in 2006 more than 900 people have been arrested by the unit . not all of these people are suspects of crime however , they can be arrested if they are known to associate with other criminals or if they have been involved in an area of serious crime or suspicious circumstances . kieran walsh , a civil liberties lawyer , believes the unit ' s work " could have implications " for the law under article 8 of the european convention on human rights - the right to privacy . he believes that filming would be a " reasonable and appropriate " response to a crime and that this does not appear to be the case when people are being questioned about what they will do in the future . it is uncertain as to how much footage collected by the unit is to be stored but gmp police says it could be stored for several years .