= trinsey v . pennsylvania = trinsey v . pennsylvania 941 f . 3d 224 was a case decided by the united states court of appeals for the third circuit that upheld the validity of state elections held without a primary under the fourteenth and seventeenth amendments to the united states constitution . the case came about due to the death of h . john heinz iii , one of the us senators from pennsylvania , in a helicopter crash on april 4 , 1991 . under the fourteenth amendment , pennsylvania law cannot grant the governor the power to appoint candidates to fill the vacant senate seat until a special election can be held , and pennsylvania law contained a provision prohibiting this and allowed no primary for the special election . instead , both the democrats and republicans would each internally select their candidates . john s . trinsey jr . , a businessman and perennial candidate , asked the united states district court for the eastern district of pennsylvania to declare the statute unconstitutional as a violation of the fourteenth and seventeenth amendments , because the holding of a primary violated his right to freely vote for candidates and gave that power to other legislators . after deciding that the statute ' s subject matter followed the strict scrutiny approach , the district court ruled on april 4 , 1991 that it was an unconstitutional violation of the right to vote for and elect their candidates . this decision was appealed to the court of appeals for the third circuit , which ruled against the validity of the strict scrutiny approach and , in its entirety , held that the statute was not in violation of the fourteenth and seventeenth amendments . commentators have been critical of both the statute , and the test itself , with some suggesting that the " protecting state interests " standard established in valenti v . pennsylvania would be more appropriate . = = = = = on april 4 , 1991 h . john heinz iii , one of the us senators from pennsylvania , was killed when his private plane collided with a helicopter violating his landing rights . under the seventeenth amendment to the united states constitution , the governor of a state has the power to appoint the governor to fill the vacant seat until a special election can be held . in 1991 , this power had been exercised , and governor robert p . casey issued a proclamation on april 1 , 1991 , setting that as the date for the special election and formally appointing john wofford to fill heinz ' s vacant @ - @ senate seat . under pennsylvania law , there was no requirement for a primary in such a case ; instead , both the democrats and republicans would each internally select their candidates , who would run in the special election . john s . trinse##y sr . , a member of the pennsylvania senate and perennial candidate , challenged the constitutionality of this statute , arguing that it violated his rights under the fourteenth and seventeenth amendments . trinsey argued that , by failing to call for primaries , the proposed statute prevented him from having to choose the senator of his state , and that this violated the fourteenth amendment ; the existence of the statute ( and lack of a provision for primaries ) had also violated the rights of the legislature under the seventeenth amendment , which prohibited the election of senators by popular vote ; trinsey ' s argument was that the statute had specifically given the power to select senators to political parties rather than the legislature . accordingly , trinsey filed a motion for a summary judgment to find that the statute was unconstitutional , and he requested that wofford be removed from his seat . lawyers for the commonwealth of pennsylvania , represented by the office of the clerk , argued that the statute did not permit the holding of special elections to fill seats , and that the statute " violated legitimate and legitimate state interests by limiting the validity of the nomination process and extending the term of a [ re - ] elect ##ee " . = = = = = the case was first heard in the united states district court for the eastern district of pennsylvania , where , after oral arguments , the court granted both trinsey ' s motion to remove wofford and the state ' s motion to dismiss . on december 12 , 1991 , however , the district court declared the statute unconstitutional , finding that it violated both the fourteenth and seventeenth amendments due to the failure to permit " primary election " and the holding of special elections . this decision was reached through an analysis of the legislative interpretation of the fourteenth amendment and state law ; based on this analysis , the court concluded that the proposed use of the nomination process and a special election violated the right to vote , which was violated by the holding of a primary and required a further review of the statute . after reviewing the case , the court concluded that " the arguments the legislature put forth in support of the statute could not determine the value of the right to vote " , leading to the conclusion that the statute permitting special elections was unconstitutional . with this " the public , media and political parties all turned their attention to the case " , with the democratic state party of pennsylvania ( joined by their political allies ) and the other parties joining . they agreed to take the appeal to the court of appeals for the eastern circuit . in the final decision, the court of appeals ( court of sloviter , white and seitz ) held that there was no violation of this fundamental right , and held that the strict scrutiny test did not need to be applied . in the absence of this test , they held that the seventeenth amendment did not require special elections to fill seats , and thus it allowed state - level discretion as to how to conduct elections ; as such , the statute did not violate the constitution . in december 1991 the supreme court denied the writ of prohibition , largely because the special election had not taken place in 1990 and the statute was considered constitutional . = = = = = laura j . brown , writing in the columbia university journal , noted the lack of precedent for either the supreme court or court of appeals in trinsey , with no " clear precedent and no clear guidance " from either the constitutional convention or the electoral commission to rely on . in the absence of precedent , the court of appeals took a narrow view of the case , something she noted . under state law , primaries are required for all state elections , and in her view the holding of a primary in this case should have been held to be a violation of trinsey ' s constitutional rights . consistent with the purpose of the seventeenth amendment - to require strict scrutiny - this should have led to the application of the strict scrutiny test , and the finding that the statute requiring the election was unconstitutional . kevin j . brown also noted that the test applied to valenti v . brown , an earlier case on the subject of new york state electoral law . in valenti , the court applied the " no state interest " test , which is essentially looking at whether the law in question serves the interests of the voters , who under the seventeenth amendment are given no discretion as to the electoral law they use .