= tower building of the little rock arsenal = the tower building of the little rock arsenal , also known as u . s . arsenal tower , is a building located in washington street in downtown little rock , arkansas . built in 1840 , it was part of little rock ' s original military arsenal . since its construction , the tower building has housed several museums . it was home to the arkansas museum of natural history and anthropology from 1942 to 1997 and the national museum of american indian history since 2001 . it has also housed the headquarters of the little rock æsthetic company since 1894 . the building takes its name from its distinctive clock tower . besides being the only surviving building of the original little rock arsenal and one of the tallest buildings in northwest arkansas , it was also the headquarters of general douglas macarthur , who was the first commander of american forces in the south pacific during world war ii . it was also the starting point of the macarthur expedition . in 2011 it was listed as one of the top tourist attractions in the state of arkansas by arkansas . com . = = = = = the building was built at the direction of governor john sevier conway in response to the growing dangers of city life and that of the hostile native americans who were passing through the city on their way to the newly acquired indian territory . three @ - @ five acres were purchased on the outskirts of little rock by captain john w . clark of the u . s . army . the land had been previously used as a racetrack for the arkansas jockey club . william wormley clark , a contractor for the federal government , supervised the construction . initially $ 10 @ , @ 000 was appropriated for the construction of the building , but was insufficient . the amount was later increased to $ 15 @ , @ 000 . construction began on the tower building in 1840 , and it was the first permanent building of the arsenal to be constructed . although originally intended to store gunpowder , the building was constructed with two @ - @ - @ - @ - ( 4 @ . @ . in ) brick walls . the original plan called for it to be constructed of brick , however , stone was used instead . the arkansas gazette referred to the building as " a remarkable piece of architecture " . = = civil war = = for several years the arsenal , which was owned by the federal government , served as a temporary military arsenal and was staffed with only a handful of soldiers . but in august 1860 , with the american civil war on the horizon , a company of the 6th united states infantry , consisting of three @ - @ five men , wasmoved to little rock under the command of captain william totten . on january 27 , 1861 , the state legislature voted to call a meeting to determine if a constitutional convention should be called to consider the question of secession and to elect delegates to such a convention . it was scheduled for february 1 ; however , , at the time , would not occur . on january 28 , arkansas governor john massey rector informed captain totten that he and his men would be " ordered to remain in the custody of the federal government until the people , by order of the president , shall have authority to cease their connection with the federal government , " totten responded to this by informing the governor that his orders were from the united states , and by the rapid but ultimately unsuccessful sending of messengers and telegram ##s for reinforcements , although rumors had quickly spread that they were already arriving . the first telegraph line to operate between little rock and helena had just been completed . state senator john m harrel was appointed to deliver the first telegram sent from arkansas ' new governor . in his telegram , harrel reported on receipt that additional federal troops had been sent to reinforce the little rock garrison . the united states troops on the frontier of the western part of the state and in the indian territory had recently been sent from their posts to reinforce the garrison at fort smith . the garrison at fort smith has been temporarily transferred to the united states arsenal at this location ( little rock ) . the arsenal is one of the largest sources of military supplies in the united states and is said to be the principal source of the tropps [ supplies ] sent from the arsenal . - john m harrel telegram , january 28 , 1861 the telegram was intended only as a piece of propaganda , but telegraph ##s quickly spread the message throughout the state , including telegraph ##s . the telegram was interpreted by arkansas citizens as a call from the governor to try to forcibly remove the federal troops from the state . by february 1 , confederate militia units , consisting of 3 @ , @ 000 men , with a guarantee that the number could be increased to 4 @ , @ 000 if the governor made it necessary , had assembled in little rock . governor rector repeatedly denied allowing the militia to act or give any assistance at all in dealing with the rebels . faced with the fact that the militia had been told they were following his orders and the resolve of the citizens of little rock against any further contact between the confederate militia and federal troops , governor rector was forced to take control of the state . on february 2, and made a formal request for possession of the arsenal to captain totten , this request was prompted by the feeling that among the people of this state that in the present situation the arms and munitions of war of the state should be under the control of the federal government , in addition to their property . this situation , although not authorized by law , has created such an urgency that it is my duty , as the governor of this state , to exercise my constitutional authority to prevent a confrontation between the people of the state and the federal troops under your command . i also demand in the name of the people the delivery of the arms of the state and munitions of war under your command to the federal government , to be delivered according to the instructions of the governor to be held on the 8th of march 1861 . " because abraham lincoln had not yet been elected as president , captain totten received no recognition from his superiors and was forced to surrender his command . rector agreed to surrender the arsenal as long as the state agreed to these terms : the state would have possession of the arsenal in the name of the united states . the soldiers would be allowed free passage in any direction without any weapons and no property or munitions of war . the soldiers would be allowed to march only as troops , under orders , and as retreating and retreating troops . on the morning of march 8 , 1861 , rector and totten signed an agreement leaving the arsenal in the hands of state authorities . that evening , the state ##ry returned to the arsenal with captain rector at their head . all of the federal troops had left by this time , except totten who had remained behind to listen to the governor ' s instructions and to look the arsenal over in detail . the little rock arsenal was established in 1860 as an " arsenal of war , " meaning that it was " a place for the storage of weapons and for the use of the state government in times of war . " there were no military facilities for the storage and manufacture , nor for the transportation of weapons at the time the arsenal passed into federal hands . all of these operations were accomplished from scratch by the efforts of the arkansas state government . at the little rock arsenal upon its establishment in february , 1861 , the militia inventoried : 300 @ , @ 247 @ , 250 @ , @ 000 brass balls , and 520 @ , @ 000 blasting caps , as well as the large brass guns of totten ' s company . the guns in the militia ' s arsenal consisted of : m1822 . 50 cal ( . ) . @, @ 625 m1822 . 69 cal ( rifle @ - @ conversion ) 62 m1842 . 69 cal rifle ( percussion ) 357 m1855 . 69 cal rifle @ - @ conversion 900 m1817 cal . 1 m1841 cal ( " long rifle " ) 68 m1847 musketoon 68 hall ' s rifle 267 hall ' s rifle ( percussion ) 1 @ , @ 864 . 69 @ , @ 247 of this total , approximately 9600 rifles were converted , or exchanged @ - @ for @ - @ conversion . and there was only 1 @ , @ 364 percussion caps made . status of the weapons manufactured at the arsenal is still unclear , but from the records it can be seen that the 5th , 6th , 7th , and 8th arkansas infantry regiments , organized in may , 1861 , were issued m1816 / m1822 . 69 cal rifles . the 9th and 10th arkansas , two companies of hall ' s arkansas infantry regiment , and the 12th arkansas infantry regiment were issued with hall ' s rifle . the rest of the infantry regiments of van dorn ' s army of the mississippi , the 1st and 2nd arkansas infantry rifles were all equipped with m1822 rifles from the little rock arsenal . by the time the 9th and 12th arkansas infantry were mustered out at little rock , the supply of arms had been almost completely exhausted , and only the " old " rifles were left . all of the equipment , supplies , and weapons of the little rock arsenal were removed to south of the mississippi river by order of maj . gen . earl van dorn in april and may 1862 , and provision for this was made at that time . by all accounts , the arsenal was taken up the missouri to helena , montana , and from there to fort ##ville , where it was completely destroyed during the missouri campaign in the late summer of 1863 . major general john c . hindman , appointed to command the department of arkansas in june , 1862 , found the arkansas arsenal empty of its supplies . hindman established the arsenal at arkadelphia , and used the little rock arsenal as a supply depot and depot for arms and the arsenal for small arms . hindman reported : " apparatus was obtained for making percussion caps and small arms , and they were brought out in large quantities , and of good quality . several works were prepared and erected , and a general store was established and was maintained with supplies of the war department and of the department of cal##omel , for guns , sheets of iron , the various kinds of ammunition , and other useful articles . most of these works were constructed in or near arkadelphia on the arkansas river , several miles upstream from little rock . the men , equipment , and the materials were obtained from or else supplied by volunteer companies . nothing of this kind had been done or on any land in arkansas to my knowledge , except for the manufacture of small arms , the charge for which was taken over by general van dorn and there was neither time nor sufficient enthusiasm among the people to engage in such . " the ammunition , together with gunpowder and ammunition , was obtained from the people of little rock and arkansas by purchase , purchase , and sales . this ammunition , and that which i brought with me , was then prepared for use in the works erected at the little rock arsenal for that purpose . as well as the general supply of ammunition in the arsenal , the fact may be said that it was not necessary to exchange the copies of the arkansas gazette for the magazines . men were recruited and employed , either purchased or sold , and the repair of the ordnance works i brought with me and of an equal number remaining at little rock commenced at once . however , after inspecting the works and seeing the condition of the men i determined that no force of men could hold out against them and that i would send the number - about 1500 - to dan ' s fitch as soon as pistols and rifles could be obtained from little rock and of swords and clubs , with which many of them were armed . two months passed before the exchange could be made . " the new ordnance works at little rock were completed in august , 1862 . looking desperately for a naval officer to conduct this work , general hindman turned to the confederate navy and selected lieutenant john c . dunnington . lt . dunnington was the captain of the steamer u . s . a . ponchartrain , which had been sent to little rock in hopes of converting it to an arsenal . dunnington was appointed to command the ordnance works at little rock , and although he continued to receive his orders from the confederate war department , he was placed in charge of all the ordnance work ( which included other works ) , with the exception of lieutenant colonel . lt . col . dunnington ' s " orders for the month of august , 1862 , from little rock arsenal , u . s . a . , " were published in vol. 149 , volume 1 of the " official confederate ordnance reports , " and is further detailed as to the state of the ordnance work at little rock during this time period . according to dunnington , " when i assumed command of this arsenal , all supplies had been sent to arkadelphia . there were 200 men employed . no shops were available for manufacture of firearms or for other weapons . materials , tools , etc . , had to be supplied as well as the supply of ammunition . work began the first day of the month . " the ordnance staff at little rock under dunnington ' s command consisted of four officers : himself , major john w . smith , captain j . h . smith , and 1st lt . j . h . smith . in addition to these , he employed 40 enlisted men and a civilian staff consisting of a blacksmith , 2 engineers , 2 mechanics for making small arms , a laboratorian , 2 clerks in the ordnance department , and a carpenter for making packing boxes . during the month of november , 1862 , the following work was done : " manufactured : 1 case of brass cartridge cases ; 14 @ , @ 000 buck & ball rifle cartridges ; repaired : 750 pistols , rifles , and ammunition ; repaired and painted : 500 stores and stores ; performed : guard , office , and police duties ; received : stores at memphis and arkadelphia . " lt . col . dunnington continued to build up his arsenal at little rock until december 1862 , when captain sanford h . smith ( editor of the arkansas gazette ) was placed in command of the arsenal . dunnington then returned to his military duties and the ponchartrain . the " summary of the work done for november , 1862 , little rock , " reported : manufactured : 14 @ , @ 000 buck & ball cartridges - powder 14 @ , @ 000 buck & ball cartridges - powder 275 powder shot 117 rounds , 6 @ - @ 000 powder shot 100 rounds , 6 @ - @ 000 powder shot 100 rounds packing boxes manufactured : 100 @ , @ 236 pistols and rifles ( repaired mostly for troops in service ) 100 rounds ( repaired mostly for troops in service ) received & repaired : 752 cases of ammunition and ordnance ; ammunition and stores delivered to troops in service . repaired and painted : 500 cartridge cases performed : guard , office , and police duties . " the most important feature of the above " course of work " and those for subsequent years is that the best ammunition is available . " buck & ball" , and that the . 38 caliber pistols and rifles were the largest caliber weapons in arkansas , and of this , only a third or more of the confederate arms production was used for these purposes , and that far less than a quarter of the confederate troops in this area were still armed with large caliber weapons . the " amount of work done at little rock arsenal , u . s . a . " continued at much the same pace and scale from october 1862 until august 1863 . attached to the " report " for august , 1863 is the following statement , " during the first week of the month , nearly all weapons in the arsenal have been removed and sent to arkadelphia , in accordance to orders from chief of ordnance , department of arkansas . " this action marked the beginning of the withdrawal of confederate forces from little rock , with the arsenal being surrendered to the advancing union forces of frederick steele ' s confederate army on august 30 , 1863 . in 1864 , after little rock fell to the union , and the arsenal had been abandoned , general fredrick lee camped 1 @ , @ 000 miles from the site during the arkansas campaign . the building was then occupied once again by joseph wheeler , during the @ @ - @ baxter campaign of 1874 . = = = = = in 1873 , the building was renamed little rock house and used as a residence for confederate officers and their families . the building was significantly altered the inside and exterior . prior to 1867 , a large front door was the main entrance to the building , and the basement served as a place to store weapons between rooms . by 1868 , front and rear wings had been added to the building , as well as new hallways and rooms , some of which remain today , including the main entrance . in 1880 , douglas macarthur was born on the second - floor of this building . his father , general john macarthur , was born there . in the 1880s , the federal government began closing all ordnance factories throughout the country in favor of new ones located in washington for military use . the arsenal board received orders from congress that the little rock arsenal would be closed " no later than january 1 , 1890 . " on december 31 , 1893 the arsenal building and the surrounding land were sold to the city of little rock for 1 @ , @ 000 acres ( 4 km ² ) in north little rock on the condition that the buildings and grounds be " almost entirely devoted to the purposes and purposes of a public utility " for 1 @ , @ 000 acres ( 4 km ² ) in northjones building on the west bank of the arkansas river , present day downtown little rock . that building later became the james h . roots . most of the other buildings including the tower building were demolished . = = æsthetic club = = in 1894 the little rock æsthetic club , one of the first women ' s organizations west of the mississippi river , moved into the tower building . this was done due to increasing membership and the need for larger , more comfortable quarters . the following year , club members , with women ' s organizations around the country , raised funds to build the tower building of the columbian exposition of the 1893 world ' s fair . at the fair ' s opening , exhibits from the fair were displayed in the tower building , with the æsthetic club continuing to exhibit in the " green room . " except for æsthetic club members , the tower building was largely unused for over fifty years and suffered from neglect . the æsthetic club provided 100 @ - @ 000 in assistance during the 1930s and even paid the electric bill during the great depression . the æsthetic club is still housed in the tower building . = = land grant = = the building and the surrounding park were used for many different purposes in the early 20th century . the tower building served as headquarters for the national confederate veterans association , march , – march , 1911 . approximately 106 @ , @ 000 confederate war veterans , the most decorated veterans in the history of the state up to that time , attended and were entertained in the building and elsewhere in the park , which had also become a popular picnic area . later the building served as an armory for the arkansas national guard . in 1912 , the second floor of the tower building became little rock ' s first public library . in 1917 , little rock built a gas station in the building , that building is now gone . a gas shell named for m . h . root , was housed in the building during this time , but it no longer exists . in 1936 , works progress administration built the palace of fine arts , now called the fine arts center , just north of the tower building . the building was listed on the national register of historic places in 1970 . due to its association with the camden expedition of 1864 , the building would be included in the camden , a national historic landmark , in 1994 . in 1942 , the tower building was restored due to the efforts of the æsthetic club , little rock mayor george w . allsop , and the works progress administration . it became the permanent headquarters of the new state of naturalscience and art , which had been housed in little rock city hall . the museum operated in the tower building for over a @ - @ 100 years . the area around the tower building had been known as arsenal park when the arsenal opened and was later renamed central park . due to the efforts of bernie babcock , however , the city council named it macarthur park in 1942 in honor of douglas macarthur . in 1997 , the museum of science and natural history merged with the little rock children ' s museum , which had been located at central park , to form the arkansas museum of science . the old museum was moved to a new location on the little rock river ##front area . the macarthur museum of arkansas military history opened on october 1 , 2001 in the tower building . the macarthur museum ' s mission is to educate and entertain visitors about the military history of arkansas , preserve the tower building , honor servicemen and servicewomen of the united states and honor the memory of douglas macarthur .