= coldrum long barrow = the coldrum long barrow , also known as the coldrum stones and the adscombe stone , is a neolithic long barrow located close to the village of trottiscliffe in the south @ - @ the english county of kent . built circa 4000 bc , during britain ' s late neolithic period , today it survives largely in a ruined state . archaeologists have suggested that the barrow was built by pastoralist farmers shortly after the introduction of christianity to britain from continental europe . although not part of the established pattern of long barrow construction that was widespread in continental europe , the coldrum stones belong to a distinctive local group of neolithic culture in the valley of the river medway , also known as the medway group . of these , it is probably the best preserved form , and is close to the addington long barrow and chestnuts long barrow on the other side of the river . three other similar long barrow , kit ' s coty house , the smaller john ' s coty house , and the coffin house , are located on the medway ' s north bank . built out of stone and containing several large sarsen stones , the long barrow consists of a south @ - @ circular stone chamber surrounded by north @ - @ walls . within the outer wall of the chamber is a stone chamber , into which human remains were deposited on at least three separate occasions during the late neolithic . osteoarchaeological examination of these remains has shown them to be those of at least seventeen individuals , a mixture of men , women , children and infants . at least six of the bodies have been cremated prior to burial , possibly following a local tradition of excarnation and ritual burial . as with many sites , coldrum has been interpreted as a place to house the souls of the dead , possibly as part of a larger system of ancestor worship , although archaeologists have suggested that it may also have had some religious , social , and political significance and significance . during the late neolithic , the long barrow fell into a state of poor condition , possibly through its destruction during the late neolithic period , possibly by religious raiders or treasure hunters . local legends grew up around the site , linking it with the burial of a giant and the standing stones there . the legend attracted the attention of locals in the 19th century , and archaeological excavations took place in the early 1920s . after extensive excavations , in 1926 it was found totrust and the national trust . it is open without charge to visitors all year round . = = date and location = = the coldrum tombs are named after a nearby farm , coldrum farm , which has since been demolished . the tomb stands on a " relatively flat site " , @ - @ , of the nearby village of trottiscliffe , about 500 metres from the roman road known as the king ' s way . the site can be reached via a road known as coldrum lane , which is only accessible on foot . the nearest car park to coldrum lane can be found off of pinesfield road in trottiscliffe . another nearby village is addington , which is about two and a half miles away . = = = = = = = = early neolithic = = = = the early neolithic was a significant period of human history . beginning in the first millennium bce , britain underwent a major change in lifestyle . the people living in the british isles adopted agriculture as their primary way of life , replacing the hunter @ - @ warrior lifestyle that had dominated the earlier neolithic period . archaeologists have been unable to determine whether this change of lifestyle was because of a large influx of people coming in from continental europe or because the early neolithic britons began to adopt the agricultural practices of continental europe . either way , it probably came into contact with continental europe , or as a result of centuries of contact between neolithic people living in south @ - @ western britain and linear pottery culture ( lbk ) living in north @ - @ eastern britain . the area of southern england would have been a suitable location for the settlement of early neolithic farmers and traders , because of its location on the banks of the river thames and its proximity to the sea . between 4500 and 3800 bce , people of the british isles began to abandon their traditional nomadic hunter @ - @ warrior lifestyle , to be replaced by the more settled practices of the neolithic period . although a complex material culture was widespread across much of the british isles during this period , there was considerable regional variation in the type and extent of pottery , pottery styles , and the use of natural resources . in most of britain , there is little evidence of pile or pile dwellings from this period , leading archaeologists to conclude that the early neolithic occupation of the island was primarily agricultural , dependent on domestic animals , with people living a nomadic or hunter @ - @ warrior way of life . although undergoing extensive land clearing , britain remained largely uninhabited during this period , and it was unclear whatlack of development the forests of britain had declined by the early neolithic ; significant forest clearance ##s took place in the chalklands of the @ - @ great britain during the late bronze age . archaeological records from the area around the white horse hills support the idea that the area was still heavily forested in the early neolithic , dominated by a forest of oak , ash , ash / ash and maloideae . = = = the stone tool industry = = = in continental europe , the early neolithic was the first period in which people built monumental structures in the landscape . these were structures that contained the cremated remains of the deceased , and although often constructed out of wood , they were built of large stones , commonly known as " cairns " . people were rarely buried together in the early neolithic , instead being buried in joint graves with other members of their family . the construction of these large , complex structures , both monumental and individual , began in continental europe , being completed in britain in the second half of the first millennium bc . the early neolithic people of britain placed a greater emphasis on the collective memory of the dead than their neolithic predecessors had done . some archaeologists have suggested that this was because early neolithic people held to an ancestor cult that worshipped the spirits of the dead , so that they could compete with the forces of nature for the welfare of their living relatives . archaeologist john holgate suggested that rather than being burial monuments , the medway monuments were " monumental mouments with a symbolic function for the people who built and used them . " however , it has also been suggested that early neolithic people entered into the neolithic – which served as shrines or tombs – to perform rituals that would honor the dead and ask for their souls . for this reason , archaeologist ronald hutton called these monuments " tomb @ - @ shrines " to indicate their religious purpose . in britain , these shrines were often built on rocky hills and mountains in the surrounding area , often marking the boundary between tribal groups . archaeologist john barrow suggested that the shrines would have served as evidence of a network of connections in the landscape that provided information about " territory , political power , status , and status . " some archaeologists have objected to the idea that these tomb @ - @ shrines served as boundary markers between different tribal groups , although others have argued that such markers would be of no use to a settled celtic society . instead it has been suggested that they were constructed on territorial grounds . some archaeologists have suggested that the purpose of these shrines wasthey attempt to establish control and ownership of the land , perhaps reflecting the change in landscape brought about by neolithicisation . others have suggested that these structures were built on sites previously considered sacred by the hunter @ - @ ing . archaeologists have classified these early neolithic structures into a number of different architectural styles , each one associated with a different region of the british isles . these tombs , distinguished by their narrow long ##ways of large stones and single or multiple burial mounds covered with earth or turf , are typically found in great britain and central and western europe . however , in northern ireland and southern britain , burial mounds developed , while in the north and south @ - @ west of england , the long ##houses were the dominant architectural style . these early long ##houses were probably built of timber because such construction was rare in great britain ; archaeologist aubrey smith suggested that these timber structures might have been " even more south @ - @ ing " than their stone counterparts , often consisting of " large wooden poles , often broken " , but that evidence of such structures has not survived . the medway group represent only one of these three groups within the wider east sussex tradition of mound building in this area . = = = the medway group = = = although at present in a dilapidated state and not in their original condition , at the time of excavation the medway group would have been some of the largest and most visually impressive early neolithic burial monuments in britain . located along the river medway as it flows through the south downs , they represent the largest south @ - @ ing group of burial mounds in the british isles , and the largest such group in western europe . archaeologists brian philp and john dutto considered the medway group to be " one of the most important and best preserved " burial sites in britain , and archaeologist john ashbee described them as " the most spectacular and impressive structures of their kind in southern england " . they can be divided into two main clusters : one to the west of the river medway and the other on the kent peninsula to the east , with the distance between the two clusters estimated at between 5 and 10 km . the western cluster includes coldrum long barrow , addington long barrow , and the hook long barrow . the eastern cluster consists of kit ' s coty house , the kit ' s coty house , the hook house , and several smaller structures which may have originally been part of burial tombs .it is not known if they were all built at the same time , or whether they were built in stages , and so it is not known if they all served the same purpose or whether there was any variation in their construction . the medway long barrow ##s adhere to the same basic design principles , and were all oriented along an east to west axis . they had a single chamber at the eastern end of the mound , and they each also had a stone wall around the chamber . the structures were constructed from sarsen , a heavy , hard , and durable stone that occurs naturally in britain , and made out of silicified limestone from the area . early neolithic people would have collected stones from the local area , and then transported them to the site of the shrine to be erected . the distinctive architectural features among these tomb @ - @ shrines indicate a strong local tradition with no significant influence elsewhere in the british isles . for example , they would have been taller than the other tomb @ - @ shrines in kent , with internal dimensions of up to 30 metres . however , as with other local traditions of early neolithic tomb @ - @ shrines ( such as the tomb @ - @ hill group ) , there are also significant differences between the architectural designs , such as coldrum ' s round shape , the canterbury long barrow ' s shape , and the elongated , rectangular shapes of addington and king ' s coty . this variation may have been caused by the tomb @ - @ structures being expanded and modified in the course of their construction ; in this case , the structures would represent new structures . it is possible that the people who built these monuments were influenced by pre @ - @ and tomb @ - @ structures that they were not aware of . whether those structures had grown up locally , or spread into the medway area from overseas is not known . based on a detailed study of their architectural style , john piggott suggested that they had originated in the area of the low countries , but glyn jones has suggested that the archaeological evidence suggested an influence from germany . david r . smith also suggested an influence from germany , and ronald j . jessup suggested that their designs could be found in the tomb @ - @ severn hill ##fort . ashbee suggested that their close proximity to the kent area was reminiscent of the similar tomb @ - @ shrine structures of early neolithic europe , and suggested that the medway shrines were a local manifestation of a tradition spread throughout early neolithic europe .he also notes that the exact place of burial is " difficult to determine " with the available evidence . = = design and construction = = the monument originally consisted of a sarsen stone chamber , surrounded by a large stone mound , which was surrounded by individual graves . as such , the archaeologist john ashbee suggested that the monument could be divided into three main parts : the chamber , the mound , and the sarsen stone chamber . it is located on the edge of a large lynchet field , although it is difficult to determine what views would have been available from the site at the time of construction , due to a lack of information about how densely forested the area was . however , if the area was very densely forested , almost 360 ° views of the surrounding countryside would have been possible . the monument ' s entrance faces toward both the north downs and the medway estuary , which is similar to the other medway monuments . archaeologist john killick suggested that the coldrum long barrow may have been built in view of a nearby settlement , and that this " may have been a significant factor in the number of burials and burials taking place at the site and may also have formed the boundary between the monument site and the settlement . " it has been constructed of about 300 stones . the monument is a @ - @ shaped in shape , and about 20 metres ( 66 feet ) in diameter . at the wider , eastern end , where the chamber is located , the chamber measures 15 metres ( 49 feet ) , and at the narrower , western end , it measures 12 metres ( 39 feet ) in diameter . as such , the monument has a " characteristic a @ - @ shape " . the stone builders responsible for the coldrum monument built it on the top of a low hill close to the north downs , and placed it facing east , towards the river medway . the chamber of the monument measures 1 @ . @ 4 metres ( 13 feet ) in length , and 1 @ . @ 7 metres ( 23 feet 6 inches ) in width , although it was probably much shorter when originally constructed . the chamber ' s overall diameter would have been at least 2 metres ( 6 feet 7 inches ) . in its original form , the northern side of the chamber is made up of two slabs , one measuring 8 feet long , 3 feet , 6 inches deep , and 1 foot , 6 inches thick , and the other 8 feet long , 3 feet deep , and 2 feet thick . today , the chamber ' s southern side consists of a single slab ,measuring 3 feet , 6 inches in diameter , 3 feet , 6 inches in depth , and 1 foot , 6 inches in width at the open , eastern end . the western end of the chamber is walled off with a wall of around 3 feet , 6 inches thick , with a width of 1 foot and a height of around 8 feet . a large , stone mound lies between the entrance and exit of the chamber . it is also possible that a large stone slab at the front of the chamber had once formed part of the eastern end of the chamber . excavation has revealed that a ##stone was used to build up the chamber and house the sarsens ; the @ - @ @ excavation has found this slab filled with stone , allowing the chamber to remain standing upright . it is possible that there was a facade in front of the chamber , as is seen at other shaft tombs in kent , such as at kennet long barrow and parker ' s smithy . it is also possible that there was a portal stone in the chamber , as is seen at john ' s coty house and at kit ' s coty house . some of the large blocks of stone that had fallen down the slope at the eastern end of the chamber may have been part of this facade or portal . the large mound that once covered the chamber is now visible , in an area of 1 foot , 6 inches in diameter . in the early @ - @ century , the mound was higher than the eastern end of the chamber , although this was uncovered during excavation to reveal the sarsens , during the 1920s . it is possible that in the roman period , the chamber had a deep ditch surrounding it , and it is in this ditch that the dry @ - @ stones now stand . the dry @ - @ stones in the chamber show considerable variation ; those on the northern side are roughly circular , while those on the southern side are rectangular and somewhat irregular in shape . it is probable that there was an additional dry @ - @ stone , made from blocks of ironstone from the nearby folkestone quarry , as is seen at the long barrow . given that such blocks of stone still occur today , they may have been artificial . a similar pattern of wear and wear can be seen on both sides of the large dry @ - @ stone at the northern end of the tomb and the dry @ - @ stone on the dry @ - @ side of the chamber . these have been attributed to the sharpening of theand have stone - @ - @ marks on these sarsens . it is possible that these blades were sharpened for use in cutting and cutting the wooden beams and posts which would have been used for supporting the roof and supporting the walls . similar evidence for the use of blades has been found at the kennet long barrow , as well as other neolithic sites such as dorchester . coldrum long barrow is relatively isolated from the other medway tombs ; in this it is unusual , in that the other long tombs are divided into two groups . however , it is possible that another such tomb was located nearby ; a smaller , circular chamber tomb with an 8 @ - @ axis axis , located in a field at the foot of the hill , over a quarter of a mile to the south of the coldrum ##s . it may be that this was the remains of another such monument which had had its remains removed and destroyed . the other sarsens to the south of the coldrums may be the remains of a third such monument , since destroyed . = = = population = = = = = = = = = ashbee suggests that given its size and relationship with other long barrow , such as fussell ' s barrow , the coldrum ##s could have held the remains of over a thousand people . this , in the early 20th century , led to the first examination and identification of what he believed to be the remains of young @ - @ adult human remains . these remains were examined by sir william keith , the curator of the museum of the royal society of science . he published his findings in 1913 , in a paper primarily concerned with the ethnic composition of the burials . a further young @ - @ analysis of the remains was conducted in the early 21st century , and published in the journal of the royal society in 2013 : the paper used " osteological analysis , chemical analysis of the remains , and carbon and nitrogen - isotope dating to advise on the distribution , burial practices , diet and clothing , and occupation of the coldrum ##s " . following these findings , keith estimated that the total number of individuals was 18 . these were then further estimated as being up to seven children ( including four males and four females ) , two young @ - @ adults , two older children , and two younger children ( one around 15 years old , the other between 20 and 30 years old ) . keith also noted that the individuals he examined had facial features , which were believed tothe remaining bones belonged to " one group - perhaps two - related by common descent . " similar conclusions have been made about the bones from other long barrow ##s britain , although osteoarchaeologists andrew smith and megan brickley noted that this was not necessarily representative of a single group . however , they noted that it would not be consistent with " a population that was probably very small and homogeneous " , in which several groups were present . wysocki ' s team concluded that in all but one case , the skull fragments were consistent with cut @ - @ bone fragments . several of the individuals showed signs that they had suffered trauma ; a probable adult male had an open fracture to the right frontal , while an individual of either sex had an open fracture on the left frontal , and a probable adult female had a healed open fracture on the right frontal . chemical analysis of the bones yielded δ13c values that are reminiscent of those found at several other early british neolithic sites , albeit with much higher values of δ15c , which varied over time . although this data is difficult to interpret , it is interpreted as likely from a woodland environment rich in animal bones that over time was probably saturated with either salt or fresh water . in the case of the older individuals whose remains were found in the tomb , the # ##comb was damaged , and the teeth had been lost to the mechanical action of the comb . the dating of the remains suggested that human occupation began at the site during 3980 – 3800 cal bce ( 95 % probability ) or 3960 – 3880 cal bce ( 95 % probability ) , when the first human remains were found at the site . they also suggested that over an interval of either 60 – 350 years ( 95 % probability ) or 60 – 290 years ( 95 % probability ) , further discoveries of human remains were made in the tomb . this first discovery probably occurred between 3730 – 3540 cal bce ( 95 % probability ) and 3670 – 3560 cal bce ( 95 % probability ) . the carbon dating of the human remains does not provide a date for the construction of coldrum long barrow itself ; it is likely that the people died at some time during or after the tomb ' s construction . = = = cut @ - @ mortem = = = = cut @ - @ fractures were found on a number of the bones ( two femora , two innominates , and one frontal ) , with osteoa##rchaeological evidence suggests that these had been created by @ - @ mortem when the bodies were buried and the bones removed from their spinal cord . however , they also suggested that the presence of the cut @ - @ marks on the bones was evidence that the body had already undergone complete decomposition through the removal of soft tissue prior to the onset of decomposition . the presence of the cut @ - @ marks suggests that this process was done deliberately ; " they do not suggest deliberate killing or violence . " none of the marks that osteoarchaeologists consider indicative of violence were found on the bones . this cut @ - @ mark human bone fragment is the earliest evidence found from within a known long barrow in southern england , although similar evidence for this has been found from a number of other british chamber tombs , such as at canterbury , eyford , aldestrop , and haddenham . there are two explanations for how this practice developed . the first is that the bones of the deceased were excarnated and exposed to the elements , followed by a ritual burial within the chamber . the second is that they were placed in the chamber , where the body lay , and the bones were then placed in the chamber itself . these practices may have been influenced by ritual , ritual , or burial practices , the evidence for which does not exist . the use of organic material within the tomb was not unique to the site but common in other tombs from southern england . on the basis of an example found in kent ' s coty house , ashbee considers it likely that the interior of the coldrum ' s chamber would have been covered with stone slabs , which served the same purpose in the burial chambers of the kennet and kent ' s barrow . = = erosion and damage = = many of the surviving chamber tombs from the early neolithic period have suffered from erosion and the collapse of walls . although archaeologist john ashbee believes that the coldrum may be " britain ' s best preserved neolithic long barrow " , it too has suffered considerable damage , having become unstable and fallen apart in the two centuries since its initial construction . most notably , the north chamber has completely collapsed , with the stones that had helped to hold up the weight of the tomb having fallen to the floor of the chamber . thus , it is likely that the sarsen##s at the base of the stone were not part of the original stone , but were instead found in the stones which were moved there by pilgrims . excavation of jesus ' tomb revealed that it had been completely destroyed in one night , and ashbee suggested that the same may have happened to the coldrum tomb . he suggested that the original @ - @ stones of the tomb were stolen , left behind in the nearby fields , and then buried during the late thirteenth or early fourteenth century , by robbers seeking to destroy the @ - @ stone itself . however , the archaeologist john murray — who excavated hastings — suggested that the medway stones were destroyed by robbers seeking to find treasure within them . as evidence , he pointed to the winchester chronicle of 1237 , which records the destruction of graves on the isle of wight to search for treasure , a practice which may have spread to kent around the same time . he suggested that the destruction of graves may have been brought about by a royal raid , highlighting that the " scale and speed of the excavation " at hastings would have caused damages beyond that which the local population could possibly bear . ashbee also suggested that in later years , vikings used the nearby coldrum tomb for raw earth and clay , which were later found @ - @ stones as building material . = = legend and oral tradition = = in a 1946 article published in the archaeological review , william h . evans noted the existence of a local folk belief that a battle was fought at the base of the coldrum tomb , and that a " dead man " was buried beneath the stones . he noted that the stories of battles taking place at this site and at other medway sites had not come from among the local population but had " developed naturally from the minds of historians " who believed that the famous medieval battle of aylesford , which is mentioned in the anglo @ - @ saxon manuscript , took place in the area . he also noted that there was a folk belief in the area that applied to all of the medway , and which had been carried " down to the next day " ; this meant that it was impossible for a human being to accurately count the number of stones in the area . this " counting stones " belief is not unique to this particular site , and can be found in many other archaeological sites in britain . the earliest written evidence for it is found in the early anglo @ - @ saxon manuscript , where it refers to the stone circle of salisbury in wiltshire, although in an early seventeenth @ - @ tradition , it is also linked to the rings , a group of similar stone circles in kent . historical records indicate that they had a wide distribution in england , as well as a single case each in scotland and ireland . the folklorist a . j . menefee suggested that this could be due to an early belief that these stones had names of their own . in the early seventeenth @ - @ - century , a tradition developed in which the local morris family , a merchant - family , came to the site at midnight on christmas eve in order to " light up the night " . this consisted of a series of dances performed on the ground on top of the hill , followed by a song sung at the top of the hill . = = historical and archaeological investigation = = = = = = archaeological investigation = = = the earliest written accounts of coldrum long barrow were not published . there are reports that at the beginning of the 19th century , the reverend john wilson , vicar of barming , drew a map of the site for gentleman ' s magazine , although no records have been found to support this . between 1842 and 1844 , the reverend beale post conducted druidical studies at coldrum , in which he described the site , although it was unknown at the time . linking the site with the end of britain ' s bronze age , post ' s theory was that the name " coldrum " derived from the ancient irish " r @ - @ hill " , and that the ancestors of some of the belgic tribes were buried there . post also noted that in between 1804 and 1825 , stones had been found at the site . in 1844 , an amateur archaeologist william wright published a report on the coldrum stones and other medway monuments in the london gazette . wright had been alerted to their existence by a local clergyman , the reverend william j . wright , and asked to discuss them with him . describing the coldrums , wright compared " a great number of stones " to the others in the area , with " a large chamber in the centre " . wright also noted that " it was the opinion of the clergyman that a long line of stones ran from coldrum down to the last @ - @ stone , the king ' s cotty [ sic ] stone " , adding this fact to the number of stones which were found across the site . in 1857 , thearchaeologist j . w . kemble excavated at the site with the assistance of the archaeologist smith , presenting a report of their findings to the central committee of the british archaeological association . describing the monument as a stone circle , they noted that they found anglo @ - @ saxon remains at the site , and noted that as well as being called the coldrum stones , the monument also bore the name of the adscombe mound , which kemble believed corresponded with the old english word for a mound , barrow . in june 1863 , the archaeological association , who were then holding their annual @ - @ saxon conference at rochester , organised a trip to visit the site , accompanied by the archaeologist william payne ##e . that month , the monument was described in a copy of gentleman ' s magazine by the archaeologist william henry jessop , who believed it to be a " large " stone circle . in 1869 , the archaeologist c . s . lewis also visited the site , and was told by smith that some years earlier a skeleton had been recovered from within or close to the circle , and that they believed it to be that of a man . a later writer expanded on this , stating that some people dug through the remains of the monument without permission , revealing a human skeleton , the head of which was later found @ - @ long in the churchyard of meopham . in an 1878 article published in the journal of the archaeological society of great britain and ireland , he noted that although many people visit rochester ' s coty hill , " very few refer to or have heard of a much more extensive circle of stones at colderham or coldrum stones " . he noted that the monument consisted of both a " chamber " and an " enclosure " of stones , and that they were " two stone circles " . in 1880 , the archaeologist flinders petrie described the remains of the monument at " coldreham " in his survey of british archaeology ; although noting that a local writer had described the stones as being in the shape of an oval , he instead described them as forming " a large circle " around the chamber . he subsequently produced a new , detailed description of the monument . in january 1889 , two local archaeologists , william payne and w . h . smith , came across the monument , which they believed were known among locals as the " coldrum stones " and " barrow stones " ; according to payne , " the two stones were so covered with moss and moss that they could not be seen ". he returned the next day , noting that by this time , the earth had been dug away to form the stones . in his 1893 book collectanea cantiana , payne noted that although they had first been published in english in 1844 , " since that time no one seems to have had the time to either examine them or prepare a report " , an unusual occurrence given that a copy of petrie ' s original description was in his possession . for this reason , after obtaining permission from the government , payne commissioned professor w . h . wilson , lecturer in archaeology at brompton , to conduct a survey of the site in january 1892 . he then wrote to the archaeologist william payne @ - @ - , asking him to list the coldrum stones as a duly protected monument under the ancient monuments protection act 1882 . payne described the coldrum stones as " the finest monument of its kind in the county , and is worthy of our care and attention . " comparing it to other monuments of its kind in sussex , he concluded that it was , " of roman origin , belonging to a people prior to the roman conquest of britain . " payne also noted the widespread belief that there were two paths from coldrum to the addington long barrow , although noting that he was unable to find any evidence for the existence of this path . in 1904 , samuel lewis published a paper on the medway stones in the sussex archaeological society ' s journal , archaeology , in which he referred to the coldrum stones as " at once the most remarkable and the best monument of the whole county . " noting that the site showed that it was built during " a late period in the bronze age " , lewis compared the method of building the stones to that of the stone circle of salisbury in wiltshire , although noting that they differed in that the coldrum stones actually were " a standing monument " . however , lewis concluded his letter by calling for the site to be protected under the ancient monuments protection act 1900 . in that same letter , he included an additional note in which he rejected the idea that the site had ever been covered by an earth mound because he could find " no evidence that anything of that sort ever existed " , and that he described the structure as a stone circle , comparing it to the ones at avebury , arborlow , and long ##stone , and that the burial chamber was a chamber . = = = = = = = = the coldrum stones have been excavated on several occasions . the sitein 1910 , the amateur archaeologist j . w . payne began work at the site , after already having recovered some human lithics from addington long barrow . he also found human remains " in only a few feet of dry earth " . bennett returned to the site for further excavations in june 1910 , this time with his daughter and her husband , both of whom were people with an interest in archaeology ; on that occasion they found fragments of a human skull , which they were able to partially identify . a few days later he returned to work at the nearby @ - @ rivers end of the site with the archaeologist a . j . filkins ; that evening , they found a human skull , animal bones , a stone axe , and fragments of pottery . later that month , mr payne and j . w . rivers met with bennett to discuss his findings . with the help of two other local amateur archaeologists , miss boyd and miss harker , both from malling , excavation began in late 1910 . in 2009 , the archaeologists andrew smith and megan brickley noted that bennett ' s team had taken advantage of the advice of the @ - @ trust that details should be studied in detail . they noted that bennett had made " detailed engineering and architectural drawings , sketches of the structure and enough observations to describe the construction process . " noting that the monument was built on sacred grounds , in his final report bennett cited the work of professor william evans of the golden jubilee to suggest that the coldrum ##p " ... may at one time have been dedicated , though not yet entirely dedicated , to the worship of the sun , and of fertility . " bennett began to believe that the human remains found at the site were the result of human sacrifices performed during fertility rites . however , he later stated that " we have no way of knowing " whether human sacrifice had taken place at the site . in january 1922 , filkins once again began excavation at the site , this time with the help of a resident of gravesend , john smith . their work was funded by funds provided by the british museum and the society of arts , with filkins noting that at the time of their discovery , " a dense vegetation " had grown up around the monument which needed to be cleared . work continued on until at least 1926 . human remains were recovered , and came into the possession of professor william keith of the royal college of art . this work cleared away the large sarsens around the monument , a large ofwhich had previously been buried in stone . the remains of the barrow were built up with sand , where filkins deemed it safe . although filkins ' work was thorough , he did ignore stone circles , standing stones , and their relationship to the site . in 1998 , ashbee wrote that , from " a modern @ - @ > perspective , it is easy to see that [ . . . ] in view of the archaeological record of the early settlements of this period , there is much to do . " = = = owned by the national trust = = = in his 1924 book travels with friends , the archaeologist w . g . m . wilson , then working as the field officer for the ordnance survey , listed the coldrum stones among the other medway monuments . in 1926 , the coldrum stones were transferred to the national trust , who used them as a memorial to the local politician william pitt . a plaque was erected to commemorate this , which officially designated the site a stone circle ; in 1953 , the archaeologist leslie grinsell expressed the opinion that " it is hoped that this error will be corrected in the near future " . although owned by the trust , the site is open to visitors all year round , free of charge . on their website , the trust encourages visitors to look for " excellent views from the top of the hill " . john a . smith described the monument as " the most beautiful " of the medway monuments , while grinsell described it as " the largest and most impressive " of the group .