= wrapped in red = wrapped in red is the seventh studio album by american recording artist kelly clarkson , released on november 18 , 2013 , by rca records . the album brings the co @ - @ approach to her first greatest hits album , greatest hits – volume 1 , and its companion extended play , the smoakstack , vol . 1 . produced by greg kurstin , it is her first christmas album and her first album to be officially released by rca . wrapped in red consists of twelve tracks , including eleven co @ - @ produced christmas songs and five cover versions of pop songs and songs , all of which are collaborations with country singers ronnie dunn , reba mcentire and trisha yearwood . tired of not being asked for her own songs , clarkson and co @ - @ decided to release a christmas album as a way to push her boundaries . she hired kurstin , who had studied classical piano under the guidance of jaki byard , to produce the new album . drawing inspiration from the soundtracks to the disney films charlie is ##low and white christmas , as well as the christmas albums of mariah carey , mcentire , and phil spector , they worked with different styles and arrangements using spector ' s signature wall of sound technique to help create a more contemporary approach to music . the pop sound of wrapped in red incorporates a combination of the genres of pop , rock , country , and folk , marking a departure from the pop rock sound found from her previous three albums ; and its lyrics feature the common theme of the color red , which represents a variety of colors during the year . wrapped in red debuted on the billboard 200 chart at number three and topped the billboard top country albums chart with over @ , @ 000 copies sold in its first week of release . for three consecutive weeks , wrapped in red remained in the top ten of the chart and was certified platinum by the recording industry association of america and music canada . by the end of 2013 , it was the year ' s best @ - @ selling christmas album in the united states and the second best @ - @ selling christmas album in canada . the lead single " underneath the snow " became an international top ten christmas pop hit and country music ' s best @ - @ - selling christmas single of 2013 . while promoting wrapped in red , she dressed in santa clothing for several television appearances ; and in an nbc television special , kelly clarkson ' s first christmas fashion show , at the venetian las vegas , which aired on nbc on december 8 , 2013 .in 2014 , clarkson released the title track as the second single and held her annual christmas charity concert , christmas on earth , at the bridgestone arena on december 31 , 2014 . = = = = = clarkson had expressed interest in recording a christmas album for years , having performed several christmas songs such as " oh holy cow " and " my grown up christmas , " on the american tour : the great american tour ( 2003 ) , " i ' ll be home for christmas " on itunes store ( 2011 ) , and was featured on blake shelton ' s christmas album baby , it ' s christmas ( 2012 ) . instead of constantly being asked for her favorite genre , she felt that recording a christmas album would also be a chance for her to explore other musical genres . she said , " i always get asked what genre i ' m in : ' is this country , pop or rock ? what are you ? ' and what ' s great about making the christmas album is , ' well , there are no restrictions ! we can do whatever we want ! ' " . she also said , " the thing about christmas is that it really doesn ' t matter what genre you ' re in or what kind of a year you ' ve had — it ' s a fresh start . i ' m trying to clear the air and take care of the change that ' s coming . " discussions about recording her fourth studio album as a christmas album began in december 2012 , a month after releasing her first greatest hits album , greatest hits – chapter one . having taken the time to do so , clarkson asked producer and multi @ - @ collaborator greg kurstin , whom she had previously worked with on her albums christmas and chapter two , to help produce the christmas album . despite having been raised in a christian household and unfamiliar with christmas music , kurstin eventually agreed to produce the album . as a result , the album marked the second time her christmas album has featured a female producer ( the first being david kahne on for my christmas in 2007 ) . it also marked the first time kurstin had ever produced an entire studio album apart from being a member of the pop groups the bird and the bee and geggy tah ( the other three being lily allen ' s it ' s not me , it ' s you in 2009 , sia ' s we were here in 2010 , and the beatles ' house of love in 2012 ) . = = = = = = all of the three original tracks for wrapped in presents took place at kurstin ' s home studio in los angelesthe piano tracks were recorded at eastwest studios in chicago and background vocals recorded at the nashville studio in nashville . while recording tracks for the album , clarkson and kurstin sought to combine as many musical styles as they could while experimenting with new instruments and techniques to bring new , different sounds to the @ - @ pop songs . clarkson stated , " it was a lot of fun for us because we wanted to go back to our roots . when she started singing , it was like she had the voice and had been born to do anything . " , adding , " we really did . it was so much fun and fun . and it paid off . " kurstin , who studied with jazz pianist jaki byard at the new school for jazz and contemporary music , enlisted several jazz and soul musicians such as david gadson , kevin shirley , roy mccurdy , and bill monroe to work on the album to create a contemporary pop sound . he also worked with joe trapanese to arrange and conduct a string orchestra . for the instrumentation for the album , kurstin used several of his instruments such as a mellotron and a chamberlin , playing them from a distance to create the wall of sound , a recording technique originally pioneered by phil spector that was popular in the late 1980s . he asked clarkson to record all the lead vocals herself . clarkson , who grew up singing in a choir , was pleased with the result ; stating , " it was something i knew how to do from childhood . sometimes i ' d have to be an alto instead of a tenor because they were a big voice . but i ' ve never had to do anything like this , — doing all my lead vocals , and all my backup vocals . " together , they began to record in early 2013 and continued through the end of that year , beginning with the " red track " with clarkson in the recording booth and with kurstin at the piano . she stated , " the music is all him . it would be more like ' hey , can we make this more pop ? hey , can we make this more bluesy . and he just , like harry nilsson , makes this music . it ' s just him . " = = = = = = = = music and lyrics = = = clarkson has cited the color red as the album ' s primary inspiration . a color commonly associated with disney , she brought the color to her family over the years . wanting to move away from her traditional pop sound , she was interested in disney ' s colors as aand to other musical genres such as jazz , blues and neo soul . she said , " what ' s great about holiday music ? you can do country , rock and roll , you can do pop , you can do rock , and you can do all that . and it works — because it ' s a holiday and it ' s christmasy stuff . " she also noted that the album ' s range of influences had contributed to her musical growth , saying , " my best friend from college loved it and said , ' this is what you sound like , above everything else . ' and i think , it ' s my favorite album . back in the day , when i came up with songs like " fall to pieces " and " bridge over troubled water " , those songs were different . it wasn ' t , ' where is christmas going to be ? ' you listened to whatever the occasion called for . and that ' s exactly what i wanted — without having to find an audience for everything . " in finding inspiration for wrapped in red , clarkson began by listening to bing crosby ' s and rosemary clooney ' s songs from the 1954 classic film white christmas as well as mariah carey ' s white christmas ( 1994 ) and merry christmas to you ( 1997 ) by reba mcentire . greg kurstin , who used to play in a rock band , drew inspiration from a charlie brown christmas by the vince guaraldi quartet and a christmas song for you by phil spector as his influences , which contributed to the album ' s wall of sound effect . clarkson also noted that her relationship with her then @ - @ boyfriend brandon blackstock also influenced much of the album ' s lyrical content . = = = = = = = = clarkson received writing credits for all four original tracks on wrapped in red , all of which were released in late 2012 to promote playing holiday music during the 2013 winter olympics . she and @ - @ wrote the lyrics and the first track , " wrapped in red " , with ashley arrison , aben eubanks , and shane mcanally . a love song , the song was inspired by a scene in the 2002 comedy film love actually ( 2003 ) , in which everyone confesses their love towards her . clarkson singled out the song the one that affected the wall of sound the most . the second track , " in the snow " , was written by clarkson and kurstin , making it the first time they had both @ - @ written a song together . clarkson said ," greg and i have done a lot together , but sometimes i just come home and we just sing . we ' ve never , ever done a song together before this time . and greg and i were like , ' let ' s just try to do something for the holidays . " rca records chief of the ##ron said that its release as a single was heavily influenced by the success of " all i want for christmas is you " by carey . the sixth track is a cover of the christmas song " have yourself a merry little christmas " , which clarkson had chosen for its lyrical content . clarkson chose " straight ##around rudolph " as her christmas song , saying " maybe because it seems to be a little more rock and roll . " she also said that " i come home for christmas ( bells will be ringing ) " , was the first song chosen for clarkson after her father ' s death and the song ' s original lyrics . written by clarkson and eubanks , " every christmas " , was the first song to be written for the album . she said that the song tells of her new life according to brandon blackstock , mcentire ' s father , saying " every christmas , i was just like , ' this is going to be great , right ? i ' m going to really love someone and not be stuck alone for the rest of my life ? ' " . the seventh track is a cover of elvis presley ' s " white christmas " . the straight @ - @ version , a cover of " baby , it ' s cold outside " , features ronnie dunn . clarkson had contacted dunn saying that his version is the song ' s straight ##ment , saying " well , it ' s straight @ - @ for his song to do all of that to try and get you to relax , and have a christmas . " " sweet christmas ( brandon ' s song ) " was written by clarkson , arrison , and eubanks as a companion piece to " every christmas " . according to blackstock , the song celebrates her life since meeting him . she said , " it changes , it grows , it happens to me a little bit … . ’ was just a good song . " the tenth track , " happy christmas " , was the last song to be written for wrapped in presents . a cover of rodgers and hart ' s " my christmas song " replaced it as the opening track . clarkson planned for the final version of the song to move away from julie andrews ' s performance , saying " it ' youshouldn ' t think much more of what she ' s doing because she ' s so different . " clarkson and kurstin of @ - @ wrote " best ##ever " with cathy dennis and livvi jones . originally considered a pop song , they turned it into a christmas song to fit the album ' s theme , describing it as a cross between eartha kitt ' s " santa claus " ( 1953 ) and madonna ' s " material girl " ( 1984 ) . her cover of imogen heap ' s " all for you " was described by clarkson as her most personal song , asking " can we just talk for about five minutes and play just a little christmas music ? " the song begins by singing the chorus of the christmas song " carol of the bells " . the second track , a cover of the christmas song " silent night " , features mcentire and trisha yearwood and ends with an a cappella duet with the latter . in addition , two songs were also included on the deluxe edition of the album : the first , clarkson ' s cover of " i ' ll be home for christmas " from itunes originals ; and the second , her rendition of the first verse of the christian hymn " o come , o come emmanuel " . = = = = = wrapped in red was first released internationally on october 23 , 2013 by rca records and sony music entertainment . it later received a north american release on october 29 , 2013 by rca as part of a joint marketing campaign with the soundtrack to the 2013 films the commitments and the great american bash , with wrapped in red being described as the album that would switch genres and become a modern christmas classic . in an interview with billboard , rca creative director mike smith stated that the album was their favorite album of the year , saying " the strength of this album is that , like all our holiday albums , it ' s a great vocal performance . that ' s what this is going to be @ - @ first album released this year with style and good @ - @ music . " in preparation for its release in the united states , rca sold out 500 @ - @ vinyl copies on amazon . com and itunes , which also included a vinyl edition . a limited vinyl edition of wrapped in red from independent record distributors accompanied the vinyl release on november 1 , 2013 , marking the first time an album by clarkson was released in a vinyl format . a limited lp and cd edition was also released on the sony music label which included a poster , a christmas card , and a christmastour , all of which were wrapped in red featuring highlights from the tour . an international concert tour was also planned for clarkson , but was ultimately cancelled during her pregnancy . on december 9 , 2014 , wrapped in red was released by rca with a limited edition cd + dvd release exclusive to walmart stores in the united states . the vinyl lp version of the album will also receive a limited 5 @ - @ vinyl release on december 9 , 2014 . = = = = = = = on november 11 , 2013 , " white christmas " was released as a promotional single from wrapped in red . two days later , " underneath the tree " premiered on clarkson ' s vevo channel . a special television special , titled kelly clarkson ' s a christmas music tale , was produced by creative director hamish hamilton on december 31 , 2013 , the day of the concert tour , at the wynn las vegas . a parody of a christmas carol , the television special featured two performances of songs from wrapped in red ( one of which featured mcentire and yearwood ) . produced by rca and hamilton , her christmas music tale premiered on nbc in the united states and ctv in canada on december 9 , 2013 , being promoted by rca for the album ' s international marketing campaign . nbc ' s premiere broadcast of the special was seen by 5 @ . @ 31 million viewers , according to nielsen media research . it also received a 3 @ . @ household rating among adults between the ages of 18 to 49 , which nbc ’ the second highest overall in its time slot . nbc also scheduled a premiere broadcast of her christmas music tale on christmas eve , which was seen by an additional 5 @ . @ 31 million viewers . clarkson had previously performed wrapped in red in several television appearances , one of which she was dressed in christmas clothing . she also performed " underneath the tree " on the the today show on november 28 , 2013 . on december 2 , 2013 , she performed " run run rudolph " and " white christmas " on the christmas in lincoln center television special . clarkson has since performed " underneath the tree " in several television appearances : such as on the second season of the the hills on december 4 , 2013 , the ellen degeneres show on december 6 , 2013 , and on late night with jimmy fallon on december 12 , 2013 . on december 14 , 2013 , clarkson returned to the today show for its thanksgiving day broadcast , performing " white christmas " . several songs from the album were also used in commercials , such as " run run rudolph " , which was used in a commercial##k holiday songs , and " underneath the tree " , which was featured in an amazon . com and pants on fire hdx commercial with an appearance by clarkson singing the song . on december 14 , 2014 , she will headline a benefit concert , miracle on broadway , at the bridgestone arena . the upcoming charity benefit concert , miracle on broadway , will feature live performances of classic holiday songs by mcentire , yearwood , garth brooks , ronnie dunn , kacey musgraves , hayley williams , robin esten , and meghan trainor , all of whom will also join clarkson in performing songs from wrapped in red . wrapped in red ' s lead single , " underneath the tree " , was serviced to radio airplay on november 23 , 2013 . early in its digital release , music critics positively compared the song to " all i want for christmas is you " and blazoned it as a contemporary holiday classic . writing for slant magazine , sal cinquemani said that it was destined to become clarkson ' s very own christmas song ; while the guardian ' s hugh laurie described it as " a classic on all fronts . " after debuting on the billboard holiday songs chart at number four , it became a top ten hit , peaking at number two on the chart . it also topped the billboard adult contemporary chart for three consecutive weeks , becoming clarkson ' s seventh single and the sixth overall song to top the chart . " underneath the tree " also debuted on the main billboard hot 100 chart at number one @ - @ , and became a top ten hit internationally : on the official canadian hot 100 chart , the dutch top 40 chart , and the official uk singles chart . usa today reported that " underneath the tree " was country music ' s best @ - @ - @ holiday song of 2013 , while nielsen media research reported that the song was the first clarkson song to receive any significant airplay on adult contemporary hit radio in over two years . wrapped in red ' s second single , the title track , was serviced to radio airplay on november 23 , 2014 . for the week ending december 13 , 2014 , it debuted on the billboard adult contemporary chart at number one for the week ending december 14 , 2014 . = = = = = = = = critical consensus = = = at metacritic , which assigns a positive rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics , the album received an average score of 79 , based on 10 reviews , and ranked higher than any previous album by clarkson . allmusic ' s senior editor stephen thomas erlewine gave it aa @ - @ and @ - @ - @ - @ five stars . he described its uptempo sound , as well as clarkson ' s vocal delivery , as " bold and bold " and its light @ - @ rock sound as " even more compelling " . he also noted the singer as " on the spot , " writing that " she works well in this setting , despite sounding like the only one in the room " towards the end of his review , he wrote that " both the style and production are uneven , but even in this relatively unfamiliar setting , clarkson maintains her unique , powerful voice , and that ' s what makes wrapped in red great : to the listener , it delivers what she delivers . " sal cinquemani of slant magazine also gave it a positive review . he wrote that the album " definitely marks a departure from the dark @ - @ album that she ' s been actively pursuing since 2005 , with less ballads and more of the lighter tone and style of open house that helped bring her the success of the first season of american idol . for better or worse , a decade of recording and touring has softened down the tone of her voice , creating a light @ - @ pop album that delivers songs about love and family with an energy that would have otherwise been lacking when she recorded these songs just a few years ago . " npr ' s ken tucker described the album as a " solid but uneven effort " and favorably compared its overall sound to zane lowe ' s lose control : a merry christmas for all the world , both of which he described as " will put you in a good mood " . chris casarino of popmatters gave the album a mostly positive review , writing that " clarkson plays it cool and spends too much time showing off her vocal range , but wrapped in red is a solid and solid addition to the holiday pop canon , " adding " wrapped in red doesn ’ ##t miss much ; the ’ is just light and fun enough to be enjoyable , and it ’ puts her @ - @ in more than any of the other christmas albums simon cowell has put on the charts " . sarah rodman of the boston globe gave a positive review , particularly of " under the tree " , and described clarkson ' s singing the christmas chorus as " very good " . she added , " she starts off with " have yourself a merry little christmas " before carrying out the chorus " . she continues on through the fan favorite " baby come homefor you ( bells will be ringing ) " and wraps around the theme for a torchy “ of christmas . " newsday ' s music critic glenn gamboa wrote that " clarkson does it quite well — hitting the high notes on " have yourself a merry little christmas " and playing jazzily on " when it ' s cold outside " with dunn . the three songs make wrapped in red a holiday classic , while the title track and " underneath the tree " are the phil spector christmas classics ; and " 16 candles " also channels " christmas " and " christmas song " . writing for hitfix , melinda newman gave the album an " a " grade , praising clarkson ' s vocal performance and writing that she and kurstin " have already made new holiday classics of sorts — , notably spector ' s a christmas song for you and andy williams ' a time — to go sing christmas songs , as well as adding new songs in the middle of those songs . " chris klimek of billboard listed wrapped in red among the best of 2013 ' s contemporary holiday albums , noted for its contemporary sound . he also noted that the four new tracks , most notably " wrapped in red " and " underneath the tree " , had good chances of charting on the pop charts 20 years from now . in his review for the new york times , jon caramanica wrote that clarkson is " likely the only artist " in 2013 with a better chance of creating a new holiday classic along the lines of carey ' s " all i want for christmas is you . " and noted that her takes on the song , though brief , are " absolutely perfect in the way that someone full of christmas music would expect . " = = = = success = = = wrapped in red was a commercial success in the united states . upon its initial release , many industry analysts predicted that the album would likely sell at least 100 @ , @ 000 copies in its first week of release in the us , and predicted it to be the 100 @ - @ record for the bestselling holiday album of the year . for the week of december 9 , 2013 , stronger debuted on the billboard 200 chart at number two with 100 @ , @ 000 copies sold across all territories , a 100 @ , @ 000 decrease from stronger ' s first week sales of 163 @ , @ 000 copies in 2011 . nielsen music analyst dave bakula attributed the disappointing sales to the declining market share of the christmas market in 2013 , which a 100 @ . @ 000 sales decreasein 2012 . the album ' s successful debut on the billboard 200 gave clarkson her fourth consecutive top three studio album as well as the highest debut for a christmas album by a female artist since susan boyle ' s first christmas album the gift debuted at the top of the chart in 2010 . wrapped in red subsequently appeared on several billboard charts , most notably at the top of the billboard top holiday albums chart . for the week of november 30 , 2013 , while debuting at number one on the billboard 200 , the album became the fourth sony release in the chart ' s top ten , with the others being universal music group releases . despite its disappointing debut week , wrapped in red continued to gain popularity during the start of the holiday season , selling up to 131 @ , @ 000 copies during the holiday weekend . it had her highest sales week since returning from nbc ' s christmas edition of the disney fairy tales , selling up to 136 @ , @ 000 copies during its first week of release . for five consecutive weeks , it remained in the top ten of the billboard 200 , the most of any studio album by clarkson . on december 9 , 2013 , the album was certified platinum by the recording industry association of america , making it her first platinum studio album . wrapped in red subsequently became the bestselling christmas album of 2013 , selling over 763 @ , @ 000 copies , according to nielsen soundscan , making her the first solo female artist to sell the most @ - @ 000 christmas album of the soundscan era . three of the album tracks from wrapped in red have also topped the billboard hot holiday songs chart during its first week of release — followed by " silent night " , " have yourself a merry little christmas " , and " under the tree " at numbers one , two , and three , respectively . several songs have also charted on the billboard charts during the holiday season : songs such as " white christmas " and " please come home for christmas " charted on the billboard adult contemporary chart , peaking at numbers 3 and 4 , respectively ; whereas " my favorite things " , " home with rudolph " , " please come home for christmas " , " silent night " and " wrapped in red " peaked on the billboard christian songs chart at numbers 11 , 12 , 16 , 18 , and 20 , respectively . songs such as " my favorite things " also charted on the billboard radio ingles airplay chart at number 1 ; and " silent night " reached its peak on both the billboard hot 100 and the billboard hot digital songs chart , peaking at numbers 13 and 87 , respectively . amazon .com listed wrapped in red as their second bestselling title during the holiday season , and listed it as their third bestselling album of 2013 . the album has sold 785 @ , @ 000 copies in the us as of january 2014 . and in 2014 peaked at 11 on the billboard chart . commercially , wrapped in red had a very strong critical impact . in canada , the album debuted on the official canadian albums chart at number 9 on the week ending november 4 , 2013 , making it her first top 10 entry on the official @ - @ 200 chart . it peaked on the chart at number 10 on the week ending december 15 , 2013 . wrapped in red was the second bestselling holiday album of 2013 in canada with 800 @ , @ 000 copies sold in the country , behind a christmas gift to you by alyssa milano . in australia , the album debuted on the aria albums chart at number 9 on the week ending december 7 , 2013 , and peaked at number 13 on the week ending december 14 , 2013 . in switzerland , it debuted on the schweizer hitparade at number 3 on the week ending december 30 , 2013 . in the united kingdom , wrapped in red debuted on the official uk albums chart at number 4 on the week ending december 31 , 2013 . despite its limited release , sony music listed the album as their third bestselling title album during the holiday season , which includes albums , radio airplay ##s , and digital releases . = = track listing = = all tracks were written by greg kurstin , with additional contributions to " white christmas " performed by chris halbert . notes " live for christmas " contains a portion of the song " carol of the bells " , written by michael j . wilhousky . songs from the live album were taken from the television special kelly clarkson ' s a country for christmas . = = credits and personnel = = credits adapted from the album ' s liner notes . = = = = albums = = = = singles = = = = release date = =