= sholay = sholay ( [UNK] , meaning " revenge " ) is a 1975 indian hindi @ - @ - @ @ - @ action film directed by ramesh sippy and produced by his father r . d . sippy . the film features two brothers , veeru and jai ( played by dharmendra and amitabh bachchan ) , hired by a corrupt police officer ( sanjeev kumar ) to stop the notorious gangster gabbar singh ( amjad khan ) . hema malini and jaya bhaduri also star , playing veeru and jai ' s love interests . sholay is considered a classic and one of the greatest indian films . it was ranked ninth in the british film institute ' s 2002 list of " top 100 indian films " of all time . in 2005 , the jury of the 49th annual filmfare awards named it the best film of 50 years . the film was shot in the mountainous region of ramanagara , in the indian state of karnataka , over a period of two and a half years . after the central board of film certification ordered the removal of the fight scenes , sholay was released with a length of 198 minutes . in 1990 , the original director ' s cut of 204 minutes became available on home video . when first released , sholay received mixed critical reviews and a mixed audience response , but the @ @ - @ of @ - @ @ reviews helped it to become a box office success . it set records for consecutive runs at movie theatres in india , and ran for more than two years at mumbai ' s apollo theatre . by some estimates , sholay is the highest grossing indian film of all time , adjusted for inflation . the film draws inspiration from the cinema of kerala , and is a classic example of the masala genre , which incorporates different elements in its narrative . critics have identified several themes in the film , such as themes of violence , references to indian culture , conflict between social norms and supernatural forces , homosocial ##ism , and the film ' s status as a romantic comedy . the combined sales of the original soundtrack , composed by r . d . burman , and the remake ( in 2005 ) , set new sales records . the film ' s soundtrack and its songs became extremely popular , posting to various internet forums and becoming part of india ' s major newspapers . in january 2014 , sholay - @ @ - @ released to dvd in the original version . = = = = = = the indian government oframgarh , the village of thakur baldev singh ( sanjeev kumar ) meets a pair of jai @ - @ car thieves that he has just arrested . thakur says that the two — veeru ( dharmendra ) and jai ( amitabh bachchan ) — would be willing to help him catch gabbar singh ( amjad khan ) , a criminal wanted by the police for a ₹ 50 @ , @ 000 reward . thakur asks them to bring gabbar to him , however , for an additional ₹ 50 @ , @ 000 reward . the two successfully evade the men sent by gabbar to take the money . soon after , gabbar and his gang enter ramgarh during the festival of holi . after a fierce fight , veeru and jai are captured . thakur , although he has a gun within his belt , does not shoot them . veeru and jai fight , and the thieves retreat . the police are , however , shocked by thakur ' s actions , and start leaving the village . thakur reveals that gabbar had killed almost all of his gang members , and cut off all his hands a few years ago , which is why they could not find the gun . he had hidden the gun by not wearing a belt . back in ramgarh , the young veeru and young jai find themselves growing bored of the village . veeru is attracted to basanti ( hema malini ) , a young , attractive young woman who makes her living by driving a jai @ - @ car . jai is attracted to radha ( jaya bhaduri ) , thakur ' s young , beautiful daughter @ - @ - @ - @ time , who happily returns his feelings . clashes between gabbar ' s gang and jai @ - @ veeru eventually result in the capture of veeru and basanti by the police . jai joins the fight , and the two are able to reach gabbar ' s hideout with police in pursuit . escaping from behind a tree , jai and veeru are run out of ammunition . veeru , unaware that jai was killed in the fight , is forced to search for more ammunition . meanwhile , jai , who is winning the fight singlehandedly , decides to kill himself by using his own gun to destroy explosives hidden in a tree from close range . veeru survives , andjai dies in his arms . enraged , veeru enters gabbar ' s house and kills the man . veeru then beats gabbar to death when thakur arrives and reminds veeru of the order to hand over gabbar singh . thakur uses his _ @ - @ _ line to brutally beat gabbar and destroy his house . the police then arrive and arrest gabbar . after jai ' s death , veeru leaves ramgarh and finds basanti waiting for him on the road . radha is left alone again . = = = = = dharmendra as veeru sanjeev kumar as thakur baldev singh , also known as " thakur " hema malini as basanti amitabh bachchan as jai ( jaidev ) jaya bhaduri as radha , thakur ' s wife @ - @ _ @ - @ line amjad khan as gabbar singh satyen kappu as ramlaal , thakur ' s son r . k . hangal as rahim chacha , the imam of the mosque sachin as ahmed , son of the imam jagdeep as soorma bhopali , a local wood carver leela mishra as mausi , basanti ' s maternal aunt asrani as the dictator , a comic character based on charlie chaplin in the great dictator ( 1940 ) keshto mukherjee as hariram , army officer and radha ' s husband @ - @ _ ##i mohan as sambha , gabbar singh ' s wife viju khote as kaalia , one of gabbar ' s friends whom he defeats in a game of russian chess iftekhar as ram khurana , radha ' s father , in a special appearance in song " mehbooba mehbooba " jalal khan in a special appearance in song " mehbooba mehbooba " = = = = = = = = = = = = the idea for sholay started with a short @ - @ _ line which would feature salim @ - @ javed , r . k . sippy and ramesh sippy ; the other producer / crew members had already discussed the idea . ramesh sippy liked the idea and joined them to make it . the original idea of the film involved an army officer who wants to kill the salim @ - @ soldiers to avenge the death of his wife . the army officer was laterand to a degree because sippy felt that it would be difficult to get him to film scenes with studio personnel . " @ - @ javed wrote the script in a week , using names and character traits of their friends and family . the film was loosely based after akira sato ' s 1954 film seven samurai , and borrowed heavily from the genre of western , particularly sergio leone ' s spaghetti western ##s as once upon a time in the west ( 1968 ) , and preston sturges ' s the magnificent seven ( 1960 ) . sholay was also inspired by the films of sam peckinpah , such as the wild bunch ( 1969 ) and bo garrett and billy the kid ( 1973 ) ; and by director roy miller ' s butch cassidy and the sundance kid ( 1969 ) . a scene depicting an attempted bank robbery was inspired by a similar scene in north west frontier ( 1959 ) , and a scene depicting the massacre of thakur ' s family has been compared with the massacre of the mcbain family in once upon a time in the west . other plot elements were taken from the hindi films mera gaon mera desh ( 1971 ) and khote sikkay ( 1973 ) . the character gabbar singh was based on a real @ - @ - bandit of the same name who had attacked the people of gwalior in the 1960s . an indian portrayed by the bandit gabbar singh had his ears and nose cut off , and was given as a gift to the villagers . the character was also inspired by the character " el indio " ( played by gian del volonte ) of sergio leone ' s for a million dollars ! ( 1965 ) . soorma bhopali , a minor comic relief character , was based on an acquaintance of director jagdeep , a police officer from bhopal named soorma . the real @ - @ - soorma later had to press charges when people who had seen the film started referring to him as a bandit . the two characters ' names , jai and veeru , mean " bravery " and " bravery " in hindi . = = = = = = = the producers approached danny denzongpa for the role of police officer gabbar singh , but he could not accept it as he was preparing to appear in feroz khan ' s dharmatma ( 1975 ) , in production at the same time . amjad khan , who was the lead actor , prepared himself for the role by reading the novel abhisha##pta chambal , which tells of the lives of chambal villagers . the book was written by taroon kumar bhaduri , the husband of fellow cast member jaya bhaduri . although cast members had read the book ahead of time , they were interested in playing different roles . pran was considered for the role of thakur baldev singh , but sippy felt sanjeev kumar was a better choice . initially , dharmendra was also considered to play the role of thakur . he later gave up the idea when sippy told him that sanjeev kumar would play veeru if that happened , and would be paired with hema malini , whom dharmendra was trying to impress . dharmendra felt that kumar was not interested in malini . sippy wanted shatrughan sinha to play the role of jai , but there were already several bollywood actors available , and amitabh bachchan , who was not very popular then , worked hard to secure the role for himself . during the film ' s production , many of the cast became emotionally involved . bachchan married bhaduri two days before shooting began . this led to further delays when bhaduri became pregnant with their daughter shweta . at the time of the film ' s release , she was pregnant with their son abhishek . dharmendra had been dating malini during their previous film seeta aur geeta ( 1972 ) , and visited the filming location of sholay to help woo her . during their love scenes , dharmendra would often ask the local villagers to do the work , thus requiring fewer extras and allowing him to spend more time with her . the couple divorced six months before the film ' s release . = = = = = = = much of sholay was shot in the rural area of ramanagara , a village near bangalore , india . the crew had to build a road from the national highway to ramanagara for easy access to the village . the director of yedekar had an entire village built on the road . a prison camp was built near rajkamal stadium in bangalore , and used , to replicate the rural setting of the famous @ - @ prison camp . this part of ramanagara stood for a village called " sippy nagar " as a tribute to the makers of the film . as of 2010 , the road to the " sholay village " ( where half the film was shot ) was still being offered to people passing through ramanagara. shooting began on schedule on 1 january 1973 , with the cast featuring bachchan and bhaduri . the film had a large budget for its time ( with lavish parties and parties for the cast ) , took two and a half years to shoot , and was over budget . the reason for the high budget was that sippy re @ - @ shot it several times to achieve his desired effect . " yeh dosti " , a 1 @ - @ style dance number , took 10 days to shoot , the short scene in which radha lights candles took 10 days to shoot because of technical problems , and the shooting of the scene in which gabbar kills the imam ' s son took 20 days . the train wreck scene , shot on the [UNK] – pune railway line near panvel , took more than two months to shoot . sholay was the first indian film to use a stereo sound and to use the 70 mm widescreen format . however , since no 70 mm cameras were available at the time , the film was shot on standard 70 mm , and the 4 : 3 format was later changed to a 2 @ . @ 4 : 3 format . of the change , sippy said , " a 70mm [ film ] that takes the image of the big screen and changes it even more to make the film look better , and since we still needed a lot of space we used the @ - @ format for sound and combined it with the big screen . it was quite a success . " the use of 70 mm was promoted with promotional posters in which the title of the film was changed to match the cinemascope format . the director also wanted to differentiate the films from those which had come before ; one of them featured the tagline : " the greatest film ever ever made – the greatest story ever told " . = = = = ending = = = the director ' s final cut of sholay had a different ending in which thakur kills gabbar , along with some other deleted scenes . gabbar ' s death scene , and the scene in which the imam ' s son is killed , were cut from the film by india ' s censorship board , as was the scene in which thakur ' s son is killed . the censorship board was concerned about the cuts , and that it would be easy to break the film by targeting it further . although sippy wanted to cut the film , eventually he agreed to re @ - @ cut the rest of the film , and be replaced by the= ##ed , and the police intervene , so thakur can kill gabbar . the original theatrical version was the only version seen by audiences for many years . the original , theatrical version of the film later came out in a remastered version on vhs in 1990 . since then , reliance entertainment has released both versions on dvd . the director ' s cut of the film is the original theatrical length and is 204 minutes in length ; the original widescreen version is 198 minutes long . = = = = = critics have noted several themes in the film , such as themes of violence , opposition to modern society , conflict between social institutions and political parties , homosocial ##ity , and the protagonist ' s status as a national hero . koushik banerjea , a professor at the delhi school of economics , argues that sholay is a " new form of ' modern ' society " represented by the main characters jai and veeru . banerjea says during the film , the traditional distinction between crime and punishment gradually disappears . film scholar wimal dissanayake argues that the film represents " a new stage in the complex relationship between criminal and social order " to indian cinema . film scholar dr . madhava prasad argues that jai and veeru represent a new society that is integrated into indian society . prasad argues that , with the theme of violence present in the film and the necessity of jai and veeru ' s actions for the greater good , the film creates new attitudes , and the audience is forced to accept social order . banerjea argues that although jai and veeru are criminals , they are driven by their own desires . this drive makes them human , in contrast to the fictional character of gabbar singh . gabbar singh , the film ' s protagonist , is well liked by the audience , despite his often violent behavior . dissanayake notes that the audience was impressed by the personality and actions of the protagonist , and this element of violence in his actions , a hallmark for indian cinema . he argues that the picturisation of women in the film is direct and direct . he also notes that , unlike other films in which the female body receives the audience ' s attention as the object of sexual attention , in sholay , the male body becomes the focus . it is theand where good and evil battle for supremacy . dissanayake argues that sholay can be classified as a western film : it has a strong central theme , it shows social norms being constantly challenged , and it shows the erosion of family values resulting from a conflict of interest . taken together , these elements form the best image of india . the visual style of sholay , with its violence , gore , and violent action , is often attributed by critics to the political unrest in india at the time of its release . this unrest culminated in the emergency ( state of emergency ) declared by prime minister indira gandhi in 1975 . dissanayeke and sahai argue that , although the film borrowed heavily from the mainstream western cinema , particularly in its visuals , it was more " indianised " . as an example , william van der heide ##n compared the death scene in sholay with a love scene in once upon a time in the west . although both films were similar in visual terms , sholay incorporated indian family values and cultural elements , while the latter was more subtle and subtle in its humor . maithili rao , in encyclopedia of indian cinema , wrote that sholay transformed the image of the western cinema into a " hindu one " . ted shen of the chicago tribune praised sholay ' s " unique visual style " and its " dark humor " . film critic and film historian ziauddin sardar criticized the film in his book the sexual cinema of our time : sex , violence and indian popular cinema , both for its violence and depiction of men and women alike , and for what he calls stereotypes of the west . sardar notes that the two most prominent male characters in the film are soorma bhopali ( the common ##er ) , and an honest officer of the law ( the inspector ) . however , the main goal of the female lead ( radha ) is to fake her death in revenge , while the other female lead ( basanti ) is just a simple village girl . some critics have suggested that sholay contained homosocial elements . ted shen describes the two love scenes in the film as bordering on comic violence . dina holtzman , in her book bollywood and hollywood : indian popular cinema , globalization , and sex , argues that the death of jai , and the change of heart between the two female leads , were done for the purpose of creating a new romantic story ( that of ve##eru and basanti ) . = = = = = r . d . burman composed the film ' s music , and the lyrics were written by anand bakshi . the songs featured in the film , and released on the original soundtrack are listed below . below that is a list of the songs and albums which were released separately on the original soundtrack . the album ' s cover art features an iconic scene from the film in which basanti is forced to sing and dance to the song " haa dil tak hai jaan " on a rooftop towards the setting sun to save veeru ' s life . the song " mehbooba mehbooba " was composed by the composer , r . d . burman , who received his first filmfare award nomination for best singing for his performance . the song , which is frequently listed on bollywood hit songs lists , resembles " say you love me " by greek singer demis roussos . " mehbooba mehbooba " has been widely covered , remixed , and covered . a remix was released in 2005 by the kronos quartet for their grammy @ - @ 000 album you ' ve got my heart , featuring asha bhosle . it was also remixed and sung by himesh reshammiya , along with bhosle , for his debut hindi film aap kaa surroor ( 2007 ) . " yeh dosti " has been called the greatest bollywood song . it was remixed and sung by shankar mahadevan and udit narayan for the 2010 bollywood film blood sisters , and also in 2010 it was used to promote india ' s relationship with the united states during a visit from president barack obama . three songs from the film were included in the 2004 binaca geetmala list of best filmi songs . " mehbooba mehooba " was listed at no . 1 on the 1975 list , and at no . 7 on the 1976 list . " koi haseena " was listed at no . 2 in 1975 , and no . 4 in 1976 . " yeh dosti " was listed at no . 21 in 1976 . despite the film ' s success , at the time , the songs from sholay received more airplay than the film ' s soundtrack — , first for bollywood . the producers were also unable to release singles with the songs . taken together , the album sales reached an estimated 500 @ , @ 000 copies , and became one of the top 10 selling soundtracksof the hindu . = ##ologist oli marlow reviewed the film in 2013 , calling it a unique blend of religious , folk , and rock music , with influences from around the world . he also commented on the sound quality of the film , calling it exceptional , and noting that there was " a lot of other background music " in the film that was not present in the theatrical version . in a 1999 paper submitted to unesco ' s committee on sound in cinema , film historian shoma k . chatterji wrote , " sholay is a fascinating study of how sound can be used to solve the problems a film faces . sholay is also unique in its use of soundmatching to move forward to a specific place and time , without interrupting the flow of the story , or , telling the story . " = = = = = = = = box office = = = sholay was released on 15 october 1975 , on independence day , in india . due to poor reviews and a lack of quality special effects work , it had poor commercial performance for the first two weeks . from the third week , however , viewership picked up due to positive word of mouth . during the initial $ ##down , the director and producer suggested a @ - @ shooting some scenes so that amitabh bachchan ' s character would not die . when demand picked up , they abandoned this idea . after being helped along by a soundtrack album of five tracks , sholay eventually became an " instant success " . the film was also released in other indian cities such as delhi , uttar pradesh , maharashtra , and karnataka on 16 october 1975 . it was the highest grossing indian film of 1975 , and the trade website box office india has given the film a rating of " all round excellence " . sholay went on to set a new @ - @ # record of a golden jubilee in india , and became the first film in india to mark a golden jubilee in over 50 years . it was screened exclusively at mumbai ' s apollo theatre for over 50 years . sholay was the indian film with the longest theatrical run until dilwale dulhania ki jayenge ( 1995 ) broke the record of 286 days in 2001 . official details are not available on the release and box office performance of sholay , but several other publications provide details of the production . according to box office india , sholay grossed around ₹ ##100 million in india ( estimated at around us $ 1 @ , @ 778 @ , @ 000 in 1975 ) in theduring its first week , which was three times the ₹ ##1 gross ( estimated at around us $ 300 @ , @ 355 @ , @ 000 @ 1975 ) worldwide . those figures set a record that remained unbroken for 20 years , which is also the longest period of time that a film has held the record . the worldwide ₹ ##es increased further with re @ - @ style during the late 1970s , 1980s , 1990s , and early 2000s . it is often said that after adjusting the figures for inflation , sholay became one of the highest grossing films in the history of indian cinema , although exact figures are not known with certainty . in 2012 , box office india reported ₹ ##1 @ . @ 1 billion ( us $ 100 million ) as sholay ' s total worldwide gross , whereas times of india , in a 2009 survey of rankings of indian films , reported only ₹ 1 billion ( us $ 50 million ) as the adjusted gross . = = = = reviews = = = = the reviews of sholay were mixed . among the critics , a . k . amladi of india today called the film a " dead end " and " a very failed film " . filmfare wrote that the film was an excessive mix of western cinema with indian humour , calling it an " average film — neither here nor there . " others described it as " fire and smoke for india " and a " good @ - @ - @ @ - @ imitation " of the 1971 film mera gaon mera desh . many reviewers and critics alike considered the film a failure . in a 1976 review in the irish times : an irish language magazine , critic john gallagher praised the technical aspects of the film , but later criticized it saying , " as a film it breaks new ground , but on every other level it is disappointing : dull , dull , lacking in an atmosphere , and a very poor piece of work " . over time , the critical reception to sholay has improved ; it is now considered a classic , and among the best re @ - @ produced films . in a 2005 bbc review , the re @ - @ style acting and the direction of the film were praised , but the comic performances of asrani and jagdeep were considered disappointing . on the film ' s 50th anniversary , the economic times wrote that it was a " masterpiece in terms of camera work as well as plot , " and that " almost every scene , song and even a minor song is a highlight . " in 2006 , the royal society offilm daily described sholay as " an elegant and almost surreal blend of action , comedy , romance and drama " , calling it an " indian masterpiece " . dvd talk writer david shen criticized the film in 2002 for its predictable plot and " dull " dialogue , and said that the film " falls between comedy and drama " . in their obituary of the director j . m . sippy , the new york times said that sholay " revived indian filmmaking and brought more freedom to indian script writing " . = = = = = = = sholay was nominated for five filmfare awards , but the only winner was v . s . shinde , who won the award for best actor . the film also won three awards at the 1976 bengal film journalists ' association awards ( hindi section ) : " best actor in supporting role " for amjad khan , " best film ( hindi ) " for dwarka divecha , and " best art direction " for raja yedekar . sholay won a special award at the 50th filmfare awards in 2005 : best film of 50 years . = = = = = sholay has won several " best film " awards . it was named the " film of the century " by bbc news in 1999 . it topped the british film institute ' s " top 100 indian films " of the time list of 2002 , and was named the best indian film in a bbc television survey of one hundred indian films in 2004 . it was also included in filmfare magazine ' s " best of bollywood " list in 2010 , and in cnn @ - @ ibn ' s list of the " 100 greatest indian films of all time " in 2013 . sholay inspired many writers and directors , and spawned a subgenre of cinema , the " spaghetti genre " , which is a play on the term spaghetti western . it is the first and most famous masala film , and a multi @ - @ genre for " multi @ - @ - " films . the film was a breakthrough for bollywood ' s writers , who were often writing scripts for sholay ; with the film ' s success , script writing became a highly respected profession . several songs and songs from the film achieved cult status in bollywood , such as " kitne aadmi the " ( how many women are there ? ) , " jo dar gaya , samjho dar gaya " ( he who is dead is dead ) , and " bahut yaarana laagta hai " ( theand you are ( so close ) – , because of gabbar singh . these and other memorable dialogues became the country ' s biggest news . songs and dialogues from the film continue to be referred to and used in popular culture . gabbar singh , the main character , ushered in an era in hindi cinema characterized by " such insignificant characters as villains " , who played the key role in setting up the events of the film , such as shakal ( played by kulbhushan kharbanda ) of shaan ( 1980 ) , mogambo ( amrish puri ) of mr . india ( 1987 ) and bhujang ( amrish puri ) of tridev ( 1989 ) . filmfare , in 2013 , named gabbar singh the most iconic character in the history of hindi cinema , and the actors were included in its 2010 list of " 100 iconic characters " for their roles in this film . the film is also credited with making amitabh bachchan a " star " , ten years after he became a star with zanjeer ( 1973 ) . many of the original actors remain alive in popular culture as the characters they played in sholay ; for example , chandra mohan continued to be referred to as " sambha " , even though his character had only one name . minor and minor characters continued to be used in advertisements , promos , radio and television . amjad khan appeared in several minor roles early in his career . he first played gabbar singh himself in the 1991 film ramgarh ke sholay , and reprised the role in 1999 . the indian film institute in 2002 noted that mention of gabbar singh " is often used by parents to put their children to sleep " . the 2012 film gabbar singh , named after the character , became the highest grossing hindi film up to that time . director jagdeep , who played soorma bhopali in the original , attempted to adapt his sholay character to be a spinoff . he directed and played the same character in the 1988 film soorma bhopali , in which dharmendra and bachchan had starred . in 2004 , sholay was digitally remastered and released digitally to all theatres across india , including anand ' s theatres , where it had opened only two years earlier . another attempt to adapt sholay , ram gopal varma ' s ek aag ( 2007 ) , with amitabh bachchan as the protagonist , was a commercial and critical failure . becauseof broadcast and print media , sholay is well remembered and extremely popular . two years after its release , sholay was first broadcast on the indian television raj television channel , where it received the highest ratings ever for a television series . mobile phone developer mobile2win released the " sholay ramgarh ##an " app for mobile phones in 2004 , along with other sholay related products such as games , video games , and ringtones . sholay has been the subject of several books and numerous articles . wimal dissanayake and anita sahai ' s sholay , a cultural history ( 1992 ) is a comprehensive historical work that places the film in the cultural history of hindi cinema in india . anupama chopra ' s sholay : the making of a classic ( 2000 ) gives an inside look at the film ' s making based on interviews with the director , cast , and crew members . sholay has been described by chopra as the golden standard of indian cinema , and a reference point for film and media historians . over the years , the film has acquired a cult status in indian culture , and has been called the greatest indian film of all time . this refers to only a small group of films , including partition ( 1943 ) , mother india ( 1957 ) , mughal @ - @ | @ - @ azam ( 1960 ) and hum aapke hain koun . . ! ( 1994 ) , which are widely popular in india , and are regarded as classic hindi films with historical significance . the lasting impact of sholay on indian cinema was noted by anupama chopra , when in 2004 she called it " no longer just a film , [ but ] an era " . in the 2000 book sholay : the making of a classic , the film critic shekhar kapur wrote " there has never been a more beautiful film on the indian cinema . indian cinema today can be divided into sholay cinema and sholay cinema " . the film was later released in pakistan by geo entertainment and mandviwalla films on 1 april 2015 , almost 50 years after its original release . the film ' s premiere in the country was held in pakistan . = = = | @ - @ - = = = ketan mehta ' s company # ##vision was responsible for converting sholay into the film format . mehta was interviewed by a . k . sippy ' s son , sasha sippy , about the film in 2010 . in january 2012 , shaan uttam singh , the son of director a . k. sippy , announced that he would make a conversion of the film to 3d , and announced it in late 2012 ; this was later postponed to late 2013 , and finally scheduled for 1 january 2014 . it cost ₹ 250 million ( us $ 3 @ . @ 7 million ) to convert sholay to 3d . under the supervision of british engineer david miller , 350 people worked to convert the film into the new 3d format , for which each frame had to be digitally altered , the @ - @ removed and the @ - @ composited in order to match the original . other re @ - @ elements , especially those new to the 3d format were also added , such as the characters which move in the direction of the camera during the second half of the film when the camera moves with them , the opening sequence which releases jai and veeru from their prison , and the view of gabbar ' s house in the background . the original release and release date were announced by the original re @ - @ producers salman khan and javed akhtar . the two original directors , bachchan and dharmendra , were also involved in announcing the re @ - @ release . the film was released on 4 @ , @ 000 screens in india , and 500 screens overseas . it grossed around ₹ ##20 million ( us $ 3 @ . @ 7 million ) during its re @ - @ run , just enough to cover its production costs .