= = background = muhammad ali ( c . 1887 – - – february 22 , 1937 ) was a british stage magician , said to be of egyptian origin , who was known for acts of water swallowing . his best @ - @ class acts included water swallowing , smoke blowing , and handkerchief and bottle swallowing followed by breathing in the area dictated by the act . ali ' s most famous stunt , and the highlight of his career , was swallowing large amounts of liquid ignited by smoke , and then culminating in posing with a human torch and fire ##fly as he poured the various chemicals onto a stage stage . after these acts were performed , a group of audience members was asked to watch the act up close to ensure that no poison was involved . although never achieving wide recognition , ali developed a cult following on the vaudeville circuit in the united states . he performed for heads of state including tsar nicholas ii of russia . judy garland called him her favorite vaudevillian and hal blaine named him as his favorite comedian . portions of his act were featured in the silent film life as it is ( 1930 ) and in politiquerias ( 1931 ) , the english @ - @ class version of laurel and hardy ' s never leave home . both films used footage of ali taken from politiquerias : 1977 ' s oklahoma ! , and 1999 ' s titanic . ali ' s extraordinary lung function led to rumors that the rockefeller foundation had offered a large sum of money to study his body contents @ - @ mortem . after ali died in 1937 , his body was sent to johns hopkins university for research , but the offer was declined . = = background = = muhammad ali was born into a working @ - @ egyptian family in either 1887 or 1892 , depending on the source cited , somewhere in egypt . his career came as a performer of a popular vaudeville subgenre known as the " swallowing act " , involving the swallowing of material or objects and their regurgitation in various ways . ali was convinced as a child that he had an unusual psychic ability . he stated in response to audience questions at a party held at st . paul ' s church in niagara falls , new york , in may 1926 , that while swimming in the lake as a 12 @ - @ - @ - @ old boy , he had discovered that he could swallow a small amount of water and spit it out like a human tooth . he began to study and refine theand as he grew older . a more detailed account of these experiences was told by ali ' s daughter , almina ali , in an interview in 1979 after his death . she stated that his abilities were first discovered from a chance incident : while swimming in the bath , ali accidentally swallowed a fish and an enormous amount of water . instead of choking , as those who thought he would , he simply swallowed the water and the fish without ill effects . ali believed that his magic abilities had the potential to profit and to earn money through them at the age of 15 : i tried out my tricks first of all on the road , swallowing several gallons of water and then bringing up a great deal from one side of the glass to the other . . . a cafe owner saw me doing this one day , and chased me down the street . i think he wanted to beat me up , but really — thing he wanted was to put a coin in my hand and force me to perform the trick . however , he was so impressed that he invited me to come to his cafe and entertain the owner . using his skills on the road , ali met an influential man in london who signed him to a contract for music hall performances . ali performed under contract throughout europe and several receptions for heads of state . according to ali , in or around 1914 he was invited by tsar nicholas ii of russia to perform at the winter palace in saint petersburg , russia . ali stated that the tsar " must have liked my act because he gave me a royal warrant , which is now one of my most prized possessions . " after world war i , ali began running his business circus and toured the world , learning new tricks as he went . ali moved to the united states with almina in the early @ - @ 1920s . they performed together at concerts , fairs and in theaters , and advertised under the stage name , " ali ali & company . " almina played the role of ali in her father ' s circus , and in his act as " the magician " . ali also used a variety of stage names , including : " the great egyptian medicine man " , " the egyptian regurgitator " , " the egyptian magician " , " the egyptian magician " , " the egyptian magician " and " the great wonder of the western world " . ali has been described as a " tall , broad @ - @ chested and handsome man . . . [ that was ] an imposing figure in his egyptian heritage . " although he spoke a variety of languages and was a prominent american .s . however , it was said that almina acted as his agent in the united states and other countries , but ali did not speak english and was deaf . once he had gained some popularity , ali signed on as his manager hubert julian , a retired colonel in the royal air force . although he gained a large following , including being named judy garland ' s favorite performer , ali " was more a vaudeville performer than a true vaudeville performer " according to at least one source . however , at the time of his death in 1937 , julian stated that ali had " made his money in us — $ 1 @ , @ 000 a year sometimes . i was backing him up financially [ in europe ] and had a european tour planned . " = = = = = the specialty of ali ' s act was " water swallowing " . after swallowing large amounts of water , up to 80 gallons at a time , he held the water in a steady stream for a long period of time , sometimes over a minute . another common trick was to swallow up to 40 live nuts ( although one of his posters shows live nuts ) , followed by one nut of a different color , such as an apple . he then brought them up one by one with the phrase @ - @ nut @ - @ out loud by a voice called out by the audience . in each trick , ali swallowed up to 10 nuts of different colors and then placed them in a different order requested by audience members . in a 1929 article published in the baltimore sun newspaper , dr william fishbein noted that for ali ' s handkerchief trick , the one nut of a different color was placed in the air rather than swallowed , thus allowing him to do them on cue . dr . fishbein also noted that the " guests " were told that for ali ' s next trick , to produce them in the order requested by the act , removed the cloth , and could then search for the correct color as he brought them out . ali also swallowed live birds , diamonds , coins , gold coins , paper cups , fire ##es , coins , stuffed birds , diamonds , crystal balls and other small objects . in a 1929 vaudeville segment , ali held eight or nine lit cigarettes in his mouth . instead of smoking , he inhaled the smoke and , after a certain time had passed , brought it out in a steady stream like an active volcano . ali ' s grand specialty was the swallowing of large amounts of water again ,and this was followed by a drink of water . a prop was then constructed , usually a miniature tent or building made of wood , on a platform , on which a small fire burned . lighter than air and filled with water , the fire rose from the fire in ali ' s mouth , allowing him to disgorge it easily . the fire was set , and to a drum beat and an accompaniment of tubular music , ali created a " human volcano " , pouring the accelerant in a steady stream over the burning wood , setting it off . when the prop was consumed , the liquid spread , coming from his mouth in a steady stream from three to four feet away , into the flames . at some point , a judge or " judge " from the audience was brought on stage to determine that the trick that was being used — that ali was actually swallowing the people in question and giving them back in acts of regurgitation . " ali would shout into the audience during his water eating act . his stomach covered by his own shirt , ali asked audience members to touch his stomach , allowing them to hear the teeth grinding loudly . one critic reported that ali ' s feats , performed without weapons , were performed in " a manner without the slightest hint of cruelty or anything bordering on cruelty . " not everyone felt the same : at least one of ali ' s acts was cut short when the audience declared that the success of the act " was for their # ##s " . the author and magician harry houdini wrote in his 1920 book fire workers and their magic that his spouting was a " trick that could not fail to draw a large audience . " the performance of ali impressed the scientific and medical community . as reported in a 1928 sheboygan register article , after one of ali ' s performances a panel of judges examined and closely examined him during the performance . they came out convinced that he was actually swallowing and eating the people and apparatus he well , but were " impressed by his extraordinary abilities . " according to an article published in the naugatuck daily news , " scientists of three nations have gone over the gastronomical origins of this great phenomenon without success . the @ - @ - experiments have been performed during his lifetime without any satisfactory result . that raises the question , in fact , the science of medicine has thrown up its hands in amazement over thisthe best . " = = film ##ography = = ali ' s life was featured in two films : the 1930 film film so it is , and politiquerias ( 1931 ) , the 1931 two @ - @ film version of laurel and hardy ' s baby come home . ali also had a small part as the " black sultan " in warner bros . ' 1932 film arabian nights starring douglas fairbanks , jr . and madeleine carroll . two documentaries include footage of ali performing from politiquerias : 1977 ' s circus ! , and 1999 ' s ali , a documentary produced by kcts @ - @ , that features three different performances in a 4 @ - @ hour running time . the film has since appeared on the public broadcasting service ' s american masters series several times . concerned of the commercial nature of the vaudeville theater hall , vaudeville ' s founder and executive producer said in tribute to ali that the show " is everything from vaudeville to the man who gives birth . " in contrast , in episode 2 of the sundance channel television series tonight , actor hal blaine spoke highly of ali . during the episode , blaine shows comedian dave clark ali ' s bread and cigar bottle ##s from politiquerias and says that ali was his " favorite . . . . it ' s true . he ' s been able to see him since . . . his name was muhammad ali . . . he ' s my favorite of all time . " = = = = = ali died on november 29 , 1937 , in wolverhampton , england , from heart failure during a bout of pneumonia . shortly before his death , a rumor was circulated that the rockefeller institute intended to acquire ali ' s body upon his death , and would demand as much as $ 10 @ , @ 000 for it . this rumor resulted on a newspaper reporting ali ' s first appearance at the institute during his lifetime . when ali ' s death was announced , the rumor circulated with an official demand of $ 50 @ , @ 000 . when a rockefeller institute official was asked about the offer , he said the offer had never been made and that instead , " we should very much like to see the body . " almina and ali brought ali ' s body back to the united states on board the queen mary . according to a december 5 , 1937 article in the new york times , upon their return , almina took her husband ' s body to baltimore ' s johns hopkins hospital for examination by autopsy , after which it would be transported tooffered for burial in the cemetery . however , the @ @ - @ ! newspaper reported on january 12 , 1937 , that johns hopkins ' trustees had declined the request .