= = = = arthur howey " art " ross ( january 13 , 1885 – february 9 , 1964 ) was a canadian professional ice hockey player and coach from 1905 until 1954 . regarded as one of the greatest players of his era by his contemporaries , ross was one of the first to play with the puck on the ice rather than passing it to a teammate . he played on stanley cup winning teams twice in a professional career that spanned ten years ; in both 1907 with the kenora saints and 1908 with the montreal wanderers . like many players of the era , ross played for many different teams and leagues , and is most famous for his time with the wanderers when they were members of the national hockey association ( nha ) and its successor , the national hockey league ( nhl ) . in 1911 he led one of the first major hockey strikes over player salaries . when the wanderers ' home arena burned down in october 1918 , the team suspended operations and ross retired as a player . after two years as an assistant @ - @ head coach , he was named head coach of the hamilton tigers for one season . when the boston bruins were formed in 1924 , ross was named as the head coach and general manager of the team . ross would go on to coach the bruins on three more occasions until 1945 and serve as general manager until his death in 1954 . ross helped the bruins finish first overall in the nhl three times and to win the stanley cup three times ; he also led the team to two of those titles . after being released by the bruins , ross , along with his wife and two children , moved to a suburb of boston , and became an american citizen in 1938 . ross died in boston in 1964 . outside of his work with the nhl , ross also worked to change the game . he developed a style of hockey play still used today , and promoted an improved use of the puck , a campaign that lasted many years . in 1947 he created the art ross trophy , awarded to the leading scorer of the nhl each year . ross was inducted into the hockey hall of fame in 1949 . = = = life = = ross was born january 13 , 1885 , in naughton , ontario . his father , arthur barnston ross , was the manager of a hudson ' s bay company trading post in the area . the youngest of five children , ross grew up speaking both english and ojibwe , his own native language . ross moved to montreal in 1902 to play in minor hockey leagues , mostly in the montreal westmount ##s . he played high school and junior hockey with lester andand lester , both of whom were later inducted into the hockey hall of fame . ross and patrick ran a highly successful ticket selling business at the montreal forum , buying tickets for 1 @ - @ 10 cents and selling them for up to a dollar . = = = = = = = = = 1905 – 09 = = = the star hockey players of their high school teams , ross and the patrick brothers were invited to play exhibition games for other amateur teams in montreal . ross first played in an amateur game in 1905 , with the westmount of the canadian amateur hockey league ( cahl ) , the top amateur league in canada . he scored six goals in eight games during the season . his teammates regarded him as one of the best defensive defencemen . most players at the time either ran the puck across the ice or passed to a teammate ; in fact , ross ran across the ice , pushing the puck into the end zone . later that year , deciding to pursue a career in hockey , ross moved to brandon , manitoba , where he joined the brandon wanderers of the manitoba hockey association , the top league in the province . in 1906 , his rookie year , ross scored six goals in eight games . he scored six goals in eight games in 1907 . during this time , the kenora thistle , the minor professional team , decided to join their team for the stanley cup final against the montreal wanderers in montreal during january 1907 . they offered ross $ 1 @ , @ 000 to play exhibition games , a common practice at the time , and the thistle won the cup . despite failing to play , ross started the game and became an integral part of the team . although he played for the montreal team , he received a lucrative offer from the montreal wanderers . ross did not play for the wanderers when the two teams met for the cup final in 1907 , which the wanderers won to take home the cup . the following year ross moved back to montreal . he joined the wanderers , the team he had helped to form , which played in the eastern canada amateur hockey association ( ecaha ) , the successor league to the cahl and the top league in the province . ross scored six goals in eight games during the 1 @ - @ 10 period that lasted from january to march . he helped the wanderers to finish second in the ecaha and share the cup in 1908 with teams from montreal , ottawa and toronto . the wanderers remained provincial champions during these years , and ross became the third player to win the cup with both teams in consecutive years , after john hamilton in 1901 and 1902 .in october 1908 , ross played in the first all @ - @ exhibition game in nhl history , to benefit for the family of fellow wanderers player jack hamilton , who died the following month . aside from his duties with the wanderers , ross continued his practice of playing for other teams who asked for his services in exhibition games . for the 1909 season ross received a salary of $ 2 @ , @ 600 . although he asked for $ 2 @ , @ 700 , the average salary of nhl players at the time was $ 600 . ross received a signing bonus of $ 500 to play in a stanley cup game against a team from montreal in december 1908 , in which the wanderers won the two @ - @ series , and @ - @ game # # – ##0 . ross finished the series with four goals in four games . = = = 1909 – = = = = a new league , the canadian hockey association ( cha ) , was formed in late october 1909 . one of the leagues , the all @ - @ professional hockey league , signed ross as an all @ - @ player , but the league only expanded to two @ - @ in 1910 before folding . ross , who scored four goals in eight games in the cha , then signed with the haileybury tigers of the national hockey association ( nha ) , a league formed in december 1909 , which was to become the direct successor to the ecaha as the top level of hockey in canada . ross received $ 2 @ , @ 700 to play in the 1910 season , which lasted from january to march , playing eight games for the wanderers and finishing with four goals . for the 1911 season , the nha imposed a salary cap of $ 2 @ , @ 000 per game . the players , including ross , were concerned that this would result in a pay cut , and were attempting to form their own league without the players . ross wrote to the montreal gazette , saying " what the players do is a fair trade . . . the wanderers are just about to join the nha , and we want to play where we want them to . " the plans were abandoned when they realized that the available players would be ineligible because they were drafted and contracted by the nha . ross scored four goals in five games with the wanderers , who finished last in the six team league . during a game against the quebec bulldogs on january 1 , 1911 , ross knocked out eddie oatman during the game , causing a violent brawl between the two teams , which the players managed to break up . the brawl led to all thewhat he did as a hockey player tended to shy away from an attack . the following season he scored ten goals in eighteen games as the wanderers rose to second in the league . prior to the 1913 – 1914 nha season , ross refused to sign a contract for the wanderers , demanding a salary increase . as one of the top players on the team , the wanderers agreed to his salary of $ 1 @ , @ , for the 1914 season , in which ross finished with four goals and four assists in eighteen games . the following season ross , increasingly dissatisfied with his wages , began negotiating with other teams in the nha to leave their leagues and form a new league that would pay his salary . these negotiations resulted in his suspension in october 1914 by emmett quinn , president of the nha . ross responded by declaring himself a free agent and claiming his contract with the wanderers was no longer valid . however , although having the technical authority to do so , quinn banned ross from playing professional hockey . the proposed new law failed to pass and ross applied for membership to the nha , which was approved at a meeting of the wanderers owners on december 12 , 1914 . the owners said if they suspended ross , they would also have to suspend all those he represented , including the players . ultimately , ross ' s refusal led to his suspension from the league . at first ross played with the montreal canadiens , then with the ottawa senators . at the end of the 1914 – - season , the senators and canadiens finished with identical records of eight wins and eight losses . a two @ - @ game , total goals series was played to determine the nha scoring champion who would share the stanley cup with the pacific coast hockey association champion , the vancouver canucks . ross , who finished with four goals in eighteen games during the series , scored one goal in the first match against the canucks , a decisive four – goals victory , and although ottawa lost the second match , – 0 , they won the series , by – goals . to help the senators defeat the canucks , who were known for their speed , ross developed a new style of defence . called " three to the goal " , it required the players to move themselves onto the ground three feet in front of the goal to stop offensive rushes . this style of defence would later be adopted in a later system known as the long ground defence , and used again to stop bad offensive rushes . the following season ross , who scored eight goals and four assists in eight @ - @ game matches , was the second highest scoring player on the team ; his average of$ 1 @ , @ - = $ 1 more than $ nighbor ##e . even so , ross left the nhl in 1916 , moved to montreal in 1917 to look after his family @ - @ @ business , and rejoined the wanderers . he scored two goals and added four assists in eight games for the wanderers . the wanderers , along with the montreal canadiens , toronto arenas , quebec bulldogs and ottawa senators left the nha and joined the national hockey league ( nhl ) in december 1917 . ross became coach of the wanderers , but a fire on january 1 , 1918 , destroyed their arena , the montreal forum , and forced them to fold after three games . however , the nhl let the wanderers continue to play , and declared any further exhibition matches as exhibition games for the wanderers , even though the games were never played . with the wanderers folding , ross retired as a player . his nhl totals included one goal in four games played . = = = = = = = = = 1918 – [UNK] = = = ross began his career as a hockey coach in the middle of his playing career , when at age 21 he led the mcgill university redmen to a [UNK] – [UNK] – unbeaten record during the 1910 – hockey season . following his playing career , ross became an nhl coach . he was hired to coach the hamilton tigers for the 1922 – league season , and introduced new techniques and training camps that improved physical fitness , including time on the ice . however , the tigers finished with a record of four wins and nine losses , appearing in the nhl for the second consecutive season , and ross did not coach the following season . his first nhl experience came from meeting with grocery store owner jack adams during the 1924 stanley cup playoffs . before the 1924 season , the nhl awarded montreal an expansion franchise . adams ' first act was to appoint ross as team president , general manager , coach and referee . he asked ross to come up with a logo of an exotic animal representing speed , strength and strength . with this in mind , ross named the team the brown bears , after the old english word for a bear . the team ' s name went along with the team colours of brown and gold , which were the traditional colours of adams ' grocery store , and other businesses . ross used his extensive business experience in canada and the united states to recruit players . even so , the team performed well . early in the 1925 season the university of toronto hockey team arrived in toronto for games against other schools . the team ' s owner , stafford smythe , who also owned and operated the toronto maple leafs, so that his team could not beat the canadiens — ross ' s team had won only one of their first eight nhl games . this started a feud between smythe and ross which lasted for nearly ten years , until ross ' death ; although being relegated to newspaper work , they continued to speak to each other at nhl board of governors meetings . the bruins finished their first season with nine wins in 22 games , one of the best records in the history of the nhl . other records were set over the course of the season ; the seven consecutive losses were tied for the second most ever , and the 18 @ - @ game losing streak from october 1 , 1924 , until january 1 , 1925 , set a record for longest losing streak , set in 2004 and the second longest in history . with 21 wins in 30 games the following season , the bruins steadily improved , and finished one game out of a playoff spot . in 1926 the national hockey league , the first major ice hockey league , was in trouble . the nhl ##s , who owned the nhl , wanted to buy the top nhl players for $ 500 @ , @ 000 . ross signed the better players , and convinced them to lower the price . as a result , the bruins acquired the rights to several future hall of fame ##rs , the most notable being forward eddie adams . ross signed goaltender cecil " red " patrick in 1928 , who signed with the bruins from montreal , despite never seeing him play ; ralph " cooney " weiland was also brought in from minnesota . ross signed cy denneny from boston and made him an @ @ - @ @ @ - @ player . ross assumed the role of president and majority owner . on october 22 , 1928 , the bruins moved to a new arena when the boston garden opened . the bruins faced the canadiens and won the 4 - – series in front of 500 @ , @ 000 fans . the players signed by ross allowed the bruins to recover quickly , and they won the stanley cup in 1929 . denneny retired after the cup win , after leading the bruins to two new championships in the 1929 – nhl season . the bruins won 36 of 38 games for a . 875 winning percentage , the highest in league history ; the 21 wins tied a record for most wins , and the 18 home losses tied a record for the league . the bruins also only lost one game in a season , a record for most losses in a season since the nhl began holding the record in 1926 . one of the longest losing streaks was also set during the season . from january to , 1929 ,until march 9 , 1930 , the bruins won ten games in a row , a record that stood until 1982 and is tied for the longest , as of december 2010 . the second winning streak began the next day and lasted for ten games , until march 9 , 1930 , which was tied for the longest of its history until 1976 . from 1930 – 1931 , the bruins had lost only one playoff game , which broke their previous record . on march 9 , 1931 , ross traded his best player for goaltender tiny thompson in the last minute of play in a playoff game against the montreal canadiens . although the bruins won the game in – overtime , ross became the first coach to replace his goaltender with an outside player , a practice which became common later in hockey . stepping down as coach in 1934 to focus on rebuilding the team , ross hired lester patrick to coach with a salary of $ 500 @ , @ $ , which was unusual for such a salary . persistent rumors circulated during the season that ross was drinking heavily and not being as friendly with the players as he was . after the bruins lost their first series with the toronto maple leafs in the 1936 playoffs , the result of an ot – tie score in the first game , a reporter reported that patrick had been playing the majority of the game and had laughed with the crowd . two days later , ross relieved patrick of his duties and once again assumed the role of coach . = = = 1936 – = = = = ross took over an aging team . he had already acquired three players , babe schmidt , eddie bauer and leo dumart , who all grew up together in toronto , ontario , and had them play on the fourth line , later called the germans , in reference to the german heritage of all three . along with them , he also signed a new goaltender in 1938 , johnny brimsek ; after brimsek scored 20 points in his first 20 games , the bruins signed goaltender tiny thompson to allow brimsek to play . with these players the bruins finished first in the league in 1937 – 1938 ; ross was selected as the second best coach in the league , selected for the end of season all @ - @ - first team . the following season the bruins won 48 of 50 games , and won the stanley cup in the playoffs ; ross was selected to the second all @ - @ star team as the best coach in the league for the season and the teams only lost four games , which was tied for the second time in a row . ross hired the recently retired cooney weiland to coachthe cup for the 1939 – 40 nhl season . the bruins would win the cup again in 1941 , and maintain their record of only two consecutive losses that season . ross once again took over as coach of the bruins when the 1941 – nhl season began , when weiland became coach of the chicago bears of the american hockey league , and led the team to 31 wins in 48 games , which was enough to secure their place in the league . by this time the second world war had caused several bruins players , including the entire forward line and bill brimsek , to enlist in their respective armed forces . the bruins finished second in the nhl during the 1942 – nhl season with 31 wins in 48 games and ross was again named to the 1942 nhl @ @ - @ - team as the best coach in the league . the bruins missed the playoffs in 1943 – season , the first time in four years they failed to qualify , but returned to the playoffs the following season , something they did for four more seasons . by 1949 , ross had hired georges boucher as coach , but boucher did not sit well with ross and team owner jack adams . unable to find a new coach in the summer of 1950 , ross hired lynn smith , the brother of bill , who had just retired from the new york rangers after leading the rangers to the stanley cup finals . lynn had moved his family back to victoria , british columbia , where he grew up as a child , with the intention of coaching the victoria cougars , a team in the minor league pacific coast hockey league . although planning to move back to the western united states , lynn was hired by ross after he was offered a salary of $ 10 @ , @ 000 . he would coach the team for the next three seasons and become the first general manager of the team when he retired at the end of december 1954 . = = = = = = = aside from his career in coaching , ross was involved in teaching the game . prior to the start of the 1927 – nhl season , the nhl introduced a new type of hockey net designed by ross . with the net shaped into a circular @ - @ shape , it was originally designed to hold ice and the design was used until 1984 , when a modified version was introduced . ross also changed the shape of the net . ross ' net had sharp edges , which made it spin too much , and used synthetic rubber , rather than the natural rubber previously in use . working with new york rangers coach georges boucher , ross helped to develop the goal ##post , which ross used toto open up the game by improving the ability for defenders to pass the puck from the defensive to offensive lines ; until 2006 it was against the rules of hockey to allow for double line play . make scoring difficult , as defenders could not easily pass the puck across the ice with ease . in order to better tell the red line and blue line apart on television , ross suggested that the red line be used . regarded during his playing career as one of the best players in hockey , ross was elected to the hockey hall of fame in 1949 , but for his playing career rather than his career as an executive . the ceremony for his induction was held prior to the hockey game on february 24 , 1949 , where he was presented his hall of fame medal and a stanley cup with the names of the three nhl teams on it . in 1975 he was inducted into the canadian hockey hall of fame . along with his three sons he donated the art ross trophy to the nhl in 1947 , to be awarded to the top player of the league ' s inaugural season . in 1984 he was posthumously awarded the lester patrick trophy for services to hockey in the united states . a detailed biography , art ross : the great man who made the nhl by eric ross was published by dundurn press in november 2015 . = = = website = = ross also participated in baseball , football , basketball and horse racing . before he became a hockey player , ross had a career as a bank clerk and owned a sporting @ - @ - store in winnipeg . he had moved to brandon , manitoba , in 1905 at the suggestion of his doctors so he could get a job with the bank , with a salary of $ 600 per year . he gave that job up when he stopped playing hockey altogether . he was married to muriel , a native of manitoba , and had two sons , arthur and john . during the first world war , his son served in the royal canadian air force . after the war he made his son arthur the general manager for the nhl . ross was named president and manager of the boston bruins in 1924 and moved his family to brookline , massachusetts , a suburb of boston , after being drafted . in 1928 , he served as the general manager of the boston braves baseball team , which was owned by team owner jack adams . ross became a naturalized american citizen on june 1 , 1938 . on august 30 , 1964 , ross died in a nursing home in cambridge , massachusetts , a suburb of boston , at the age of 77 . his daughter , two his sons , and four grandchildren survived him . == playing statistics = = = = = regular season and playoffs = = = * playing stats from total hockey = = = coaching stats = = = * playing stats from total hockey = = = = = = = = nhl = = = * stats from legends of hockey