= nicole mitchell = nicole mitchell is a fictional character from the australian channel seven soap opera home and away , played by tessa james . she debuted on @ - @ screen during the episode broadcast on 9 september 2008 . nicole was created by executive producer cameron welsh . nicole was cast several times before . on @ - @ screen , james was cast in the role and described by welsh as an " amazing talent " . welsh hoped that the audience would respond " very well " to her . nicole was also described as a typical " party girl " with " great ideas " . often described as a " high energy " person , she has been known to dress up in a provocative manner . nicole used to be known for her romantic relationships . her most notable romance was with geoff mitchell . described as " polar opposite " , geoff was seen as a factor in nicole developing her violent personality . their relationship led the pair to take part in one of the show ' s " biggest on screen adventures " , when the pair were stranded on a remote australian island . in one storyline nicole was involved in a same sex relationship with main character nick duric , which was considered controversial by many media outlets . the storyline made nicole question her sexuality , believing geoff had made her into a different person . another romance nicole had was with aden jefferies , her longtime best friend . aden had a large fanbase from his previous romance with kate mitchell . this resulted in the cast being divided over their relationship . nicole has also been involved in several other notable storylines , such as a brief romance with liam lewis , who said that he was happy with nicole because she had " the heart she was missing " . she later married james , and they were involved in sex tape scandal , many media reported on the storyline because it " followed " the @ - @ and james ' real life sex tape scandal . cameron welsh also said he felt nicole was about to come " full circle " and nicole was becoming jealous and violent once again , due to her failed marriage and the death of her husband liam . she also had an affair with an older male character , sid james . james enjoyed the fact nicole had so many friends because she used to be one of her @ @ - @ friends . nicole announced her departure from home and away in january 2011 . one of her last storylines was a pregnancy storyline . nicole felt she was too old and frail to have the baby herself , so she decided to let marilyn lewis have the baby upon giving birth . james and the production team developed the storyline" very well " and did try to play the character well . nicole has received critical acclaim from various publications , with reviews being mixed to positive . tv week was open to criticism of her storyline , and said she was one of the ' best characters ' . the daily telegraph stated that being pregnant was fitting for the character . she has also been compared to rihanna because of her physical appearance . = = character and development = = nicole is ' ##us ' ( conrad coleby ) , and she was never seen on @ - @ screen before producers decided to bring her into the show . in october 2008 it was announced that former @ - @ screen actress tessa thompson had been cast as nicole . executive producer cameron mitchell stated ' she is an amazing character and i think people are going to like her , and relate very well to her . " james had travelled to australia specifically for the role . speaking of taking on the role she stated : " working on a show like this [ home and away ] is the best experience you can get , i look at it as an adventure and i love how young i am . " former cast member celeste dodwell who plays nicole , also auditioned for the role of nicole . conrad coleby who plays nicole left the show , james ' future with the show was in doubt . in january 2011 , james announced that she had left home and away . she has since filmed her final scenes and nicole will leave the @ - @ screen later in the year . of her departure , james stated " i was on home and away for two @ - @ and @ - @ a @ - @ a @ - @ years , so it ' s good to come back and get to know who i am , and do what i ' ve wanted to do for so long . " = = = ##isation = = = = = = = = = nicole has been described as a nice girl , intelligent and has had many adventures in a short period of time . james has described nicole as : " i love playing nicole because she ' s smart and funny , and doesn ' t mind pushing the boundaries . and she acts like – she ' s really old school , which is fun to play . " the show ' s official website describes her as : " nicole may come off as a spoiled brat to some people , she ' s not bad . she ' s not as bad as a child , and while she can cause others some trouble , she ' s not bad . " they also added : " nicole isa girl who likes to have fun , and she is great if you love her for who she is . and , of course , she thinks you ' re getting her back . nicole is a girl who knows exactly who she is and where she is : at the center of the universe . " soap opera news website holy soap described nicole as " a cliff @ - @ , tough girl , but with a nice heart and an incredibly sharp personality " . they also said she is a " princess " type character . whilst interviewed by the daily telegraph , james stated : " i think she ' s the best part , to have to have so much fun as a princess and a prima donna . she doesn ' t mind pushing the envelope . she ' s very high maintenance , which is fun to watch . " she also said she enjoyed nicole ' s " fun ways " because she gets to see her man every day . james particularly enjoyed the role because of this and the fact she has so many " pash " moments with the group members . executive producer cameron welsh described nicole as an " amazing character " , giving his opinion on her character stating : " she comes up with a strong character and a kind of attitude that is unique to the rest of the cast " . he also said that nicole is starting to come " full circle " . of her 2010 storyline welsh said that nicole needs to make her point and cliff @ - @ of her character . = = = = with geoff = = = = nicole embarked on a relationship with geoff campbell , shortly before they become involved in a " classic love triangle " storyline with jake . during the storyline nicole and geoff were stranded on a " rocky beach " and nearly drowned . the scenes were filmed on a rocky cliff in summer bay , new south wales as part of a cliff @ - @ day photo shoot . nicole nearly drowned during scenes which aired for the show ' s " cliff @ - @ day " in 2008 . james and nicole took scuba diving lessons in preparation for the storyline . however the filming was complicated by technical difficulties . the crew had to drop their crews and equipment and the actors walked off the edge of the cliff in order to avoid leaving them . this helped to create the illusion of a safe environment . the storyline , also on a " low budget " , involved actors and a number of television cameras and aired on itv . the storyline ended on @ - @ day when nicole began dating elliot gillen ( joe pantano ). he devised a plot against them and kidnapped nicole and geoff and left them all out at sea . they ended up on a deserted island and were forced to live without food and water . of the effect this had on nicole and geoff , james said : " they have no food , shelter or water . [ . . . ] they find ways to make each other laugh , smile , and show how much they mean to one another . " geoff had strong religious beliefs and did not believe in casual sex . however , the situation they were in caused him to let his guard down and they slept together . james told tv week that all the couple could think of whilst they were being together and their feelings for one the other . he added that " the moment they were both pretty much naked didn ' t help " . james said the moment they were both naked , trying to keep secrets - that the " worst happened " . geoff was left " f @ - @ ing " because he gave into temptation . he did not like it , but said that he wanted to save his marriage until marriage . however , geoff had no other choice but to propose to nicole . james said , " he ' s not 100 % happy about that either , but he believes that if they ' re going to have children , a marriage is the only way . " of nicole ' s reaction james said that she was " shocked " by his decision , as she initially thought he was acting out because he wanted to marry her . nicole cried when she realised his reasons for leaving . according to james , the incident threatened to ruin their relationship , she later said that : " nicole has loved geoff for years and was very happy to have been together with him - but now she ' s ruined everything . " james later said she was shocked to learn nicole would turn down his proposal . james later said that nicole was " the one " for geoff , but did not believe that geoff was " the one " for nicole . nicole and geoff ' s relationship became strained . nicole decided to take a road trip to the island , believing it would solve their problems and bring them closer together . james said that geoff enjoyed the trip , but found nicole " very strange and scary " . she added that everything about nicole caused geoff to question his religious beliefs and she felt he " had to back off " . their relationship then turned sour when a man named ben quaid ( rowan atkinson ) stole their car and attacked the couple . they thought they were the police and proceeded to stab geoff with a knife .james said he " put himself in the dark " to protect nicole . in 2009 , james told inside soap that nicole and geoff have a strong connection despite their differences . she also praised their relationship saying : " they ' re polar opposite , which works out for them . it ' s a bit of a sibling rivalry , and they ' ve been through a lot together . " whilst she added : " they ' re both very different in some of their worst moments . geoff and nicole are both passionate and passionate , and in some ways they ' re different . in a strange way they show a side to each other nobody else wants to see . " james said nicole ' s erratic behaviour was not to blame for geoff to begin with . in 2009 , james initially received positive feedback from the cast because they felt geoff was better suited to nicole . james said they felt that she was a bad influence for geoff because she had played her . however towards the end of their relationship he felt things had improved due to them having a better understanding of nicole ' s character . = = = lesbian storylines = = = in 2009 , the show focused on several lesbian storylines , one of which involved nicole . it featured nicole duric ( sophie hensser ) as nicole , which drew attention . however , for nicole it wasn ' t about nicole , but made herself the center of attention . james praised their relationship , saying : " that ' s exactly what nicole was like when she first arrived in the serial , that is how they met . nicole responds to the passionate nature of geoff , but has no idea how far she is going to take it . " in her relationship with geoff she had changed , but her sexuality was still there . james thought nicole was " boring " because she was on geoff ' s " hot - list " . geoff kissed her to show she thinks she is boring , but added that nicole did not enjoy the kiss , she was just " happy to be center of attention " and felt that people were talking about her sexuality . the kiss also led her to the conclusion that she had become boring . nicole said it had to do with her relationship with geoff , but she believed geoff was the reason she became boring . later that year the show featured a storyline which was called " scandal " as it involved a real life incident that had occurred years earlier . nicole - played love interest geoff had been caught up in a sex tape , which leaked onto the internet , the producers decided to include nicole in a sex tape with paul mitchell (( bracey ) and had it ruined . geoff left without nicole ' s knowledge , when she found out the truth she ended their relationship . nicole thought she and geoff were getting back together and played the song at a local music festival to get publicity . james explained nicole ' s state of mind saying , " she ' s very vulnerable at the moment , with her father , trey , in prison . she ' s dependent on him , and this is the last thing she wants . " nicole ' s best friend during her initial storyline was aden jefferies ( michael lasance ) . when brendan mitchell ( kain o ' keeffe ) caused him to go missing , he took his anger out on nicole and aden . although they were " each other ' s support system " and lasance said it was not long after that they " fell between the lines " . one of the conditions of aden ' s agreement was to not sleep with nicole , this made the pair feel guilty that they had betrayed him . lasance said the storyline was scripted as aden had a large fan base for his relationship with belle mitchell ( jessica tovey ) - which meant he thought it would " cause a stir " and upset the public . in early 2010 , nicole and aden " became very close and personal " and they decided to spend nicole ' s free time in the bay area . they shared a kiss and james told tv week that there were " a lot of expectations " for them . she added that no one knew what was going to happen with liam mitchell ( josh stewart ) and that nicole felt guilty for leaving her because she was her friend . james said that nicole ' s relationship with aden was " a lot more complicated and more @ - @ mode than her previous relationships . " james said that aden was the " good guy " for nicole , and liam would have been " the side she ' s on . " nicole and aden eventually embarked on a relationship . james said that nicole and aden ' s relationship was rocky and that " they started out as a sort of a @ - @ mode relationship , and that turned into something more . " nicole declared her love for aden , but aden did not respond . lasance discussed the relationship whilst interviewed by tv week saying : " they ' ve always had an instant connection and nicole got into a bit of a bad mood and blurted out that she loves aden . " she declared her love for him , but cannot say it back until he feels the same way . it was this that started their relationship ". " , nicole tried to hide her feelings and hid her true feelings . = = = = = = = = in early @ - @ 2009 , james decided to move nicole ' s storyline into the " mid @ - @ era " , when she returned to her " wild ways " . at the time nicole had so much emotional turmoil including failed relationships , geoff being sent to prison and her best friend who was dying of cancer . james explained : " it ' s all too much for her and she can ' t handle it , so she returns to her wild ways . " geoff noticed nicole ' s erratic behaviour and tried to comfort her . she tried to " get him into bed " and he kisses her , but he turns her down . nicole said she no longer had any feelings for geoff , but was still in a " depressed state " . she also began surviving on drugs again , and partied with her " wild ways " with paul ( hugo lewis ) at a " gay " club . james explained that nicole used alcohol as an outlet to her problems . the fact that " she ' s had to sleep with so many men " made nicole turn into a drugged up and depressed teenager . nicole became more obsessed with the more she drank and was in the company of other men . geoff intervened and saved her from herself , and said there was a part of geoff that still wanted nicole . although they did not learn anything new , james said she understood this because of their shared backstory . but geoff continued to pursue nicole as he felt that " a lot of people she was supposed to have left her " . nicole ' s erratic behaviour went on . all that geoff could do was to be there for her because , " nicole is the only person that can save her from herself . " = = = = = = = nicole had a brief affair with paul walker ( matt smith ) and after he was murdered , she discovered that she was pregnant with his child . james told lewis that viewers could expect a " different view of the pregnancy " and she added that it was hard to do the storyline . she added " we made it very hard with the storyline , and you do a lot of things and stuff like that . you can just do your best , i think ! " nicole later told marilyn jones ( emily mortimer ) about the storyline and she decided to deliver it . james later revealed that when she left home and away she told the producers that they would do anything with her baby , to get her pregnant . of the momentshe was excited that nicole was going to have a baby , she said " i went in to see our doctor , and he said , ' well , i ' m going to say in advance - we ' re getting nicole pregnant ! ' " she also did not want to have a " typical soap opera storyline " as she felt nicole should be scared . but the storyline was exciting to her and she was excited about the potential storyline ##s . nicole later agreed to help marilyn and sid spencer ( paul mammone ) with the baby upon its delivery . marilyn was unable to have a child and her frustration with that and her selfish nature were too much for nicole . of the storyline , james said " marilyn gets in nicole ' s face every day . she ' s doing it out of spite , but she doesn ' t know she ' s already pregnant with the baby . " nicole was initially unsure whether she was making the right decision about her new baby ' s future and she agreed with marilyn . nicole began dating a student from university , tim mccathie ( tim pocock ) , they got along well on their first date . marilyn was very nervous about their relationship and she felt " trapped . " james said , " marilyn is scared of getting pregnant . she ' s scared of losing the baby , which could happen because there isn ' t a legal abortion . " roo mitchell ( georgie parker ) helped nicole by telling marilyn to - @ - @ about the baby . james said that there was " still a long way to go " with the storyline , and that she was supportive and gave good advice to nicole . during the first few months of her pregnancy nicole began to receive emotional support from angelo rosetta ( anthony jacobz ) . james said it was important to her that " the bond of friendship could be turned into something more " for the future . whilst jacobz said " they ' ve been spending time together and they know how good they are together . " angelo was keen to help nicole give birth to her baby boy , max , and she handed him over to marilyn when she returned . she initially tried to stay away , but it became clear he loved her when he was without her . marilyn then became obsessed with nicole and the desire to take her baby boy away . it was later revealed that nicole would have to turn off her maternal instincts by taking him away . nicole went to visit the hospital and marilyn caught her kissing him , thinking she was playing with him . she cut the scene " immediately ." nicole was aware that marilyn had reservations about her spending time with the baby . of the birth " , james said : " marilyn is upset and confused , and this speaks to the very core of her character - that she doesn ' t have the same strong maternal instincts as nicole ' s biological mother . without a doubt , marilyn thinks nicole is missing the mark . she believes that the mark has already arrived and it could put a huge strain on their relationship . " after the birth , nicole was warned by marylin , to stay away from the baby . james defended nicole saying : " i think it ' s best to not care , because this is marilyn ' s baby , and nicole is very happy and wants very much to give marilyn and sid this child . " = = = = = nicole ' s biological parents are the late aden jones ( david coleby ) and natalie jones ( adrienne pickering ) , and she is raised by her maternal grandparents and by her mother , natalie , and an older sister . she does not meet her father until her late teenage years . nicole arrives in summer bay in a stolen car . she quickly finds herself unpopular with her new , @ - @ - parents . she tries to sleep with roman but he rejects her . she makes a bet with roman that she will sleep with geoff mitchell ( damian lewis ) in two weeks , but geoff and roman both reject her when they find out . nicole begins dating geoff ' s old police colleague sid ' s friend elliot gillen , to geoff ' s dismay . after breaking up with elliot , roman seeks her out where he tries to seduce her , geoff and later roman . geoff tries to rescue nicole , but elliot has the boat stranded at sea . they end up on a deserted island and geoff and nicole become close to each other . geoff , who has strong religious beliefs , sleeps with nicole because they cannot resist it . when later geoff proposes to nicole out of jealousy , she turns him down . she then takes a pregnancy test and is horrified to discover it was a fake pregnancy . nicole then decides she and geoff should return to the island to continue their relationship . they run into attack from a man , trey who tries to kill them both . but they manage to escape . nicole decides to do her best to make their relationship work . however , when geoff finds her they have a few short affairs and then break up . she starts a relationship with the man . trey catches them having sex , which is later revealed to thejoe ' s music group . she starts a romantic relationship with liam . after the death of her sister amy , nicole goes on a downward spiral . she starts smoking and starts drinking along with geoff . geoff notices her drinking and tries to seduce her . after pushing him away she sleeps with drug addict liam . she then dates con artist sid . she kisses him and he catches them , which ends their relationship . she then moves in with marilyn copeland ( kim quong lam ) who tries to look after her . nicole starts dating angelo who rejects her . he makes her believe she has just stepped on a fly and she is tested for hiv . she later finds out she has the name ##ergy . nicole reveals to marilyn that she is pregnant with vincent ' s baby . she then decides to have an abortion , but changes her mind and decides to give the baby to marilyn . nicole goes on a date with angelo and she takes him to her dance school . when she learns that nicole is giving her baby back , angelo ends their relationship . nicole becomes friends with roo and asks her to dance at the wedding , but roo turns her down . marilyn comes to nicole when she tries to sleep around and starts talking her out of her plans for the baby . nicole gets knocked up when the baby is born and angelo tries to help her take over . they go for a walk on the beach and nicole ' s water breaks . angelo is then forced to take the baby . nicole then realises that she wants her baby back and tells marilyn , who is furious . marilyn takes the baby , but nicole rejects him . nicole then leaves summer bay with angelo and liam . she later meets marilyn and they meet in the desert . nicole and marilyn work things out and angelo breaks up with her . = = = = = holy soap said that nicole ' s most memorable moment was when she " went to the city together with geoff to save their relationship " and she was taken away by derek the butcher , but her father came to the rescue . when nicole started dating liam , sarah fitton writing for the daily mail said " i think this [ nicole character – is kind of the ' bob geldof – that inspired me " . holy soap said that nicole was a " nice girl from the city who fell at the feet of paris hilton " . the daily mail said it seemed like no one could stop her downward spiral . the daily mail said that nicole and geoff ' s romantic dynamic was fitting for her character . they also brandedher was " my life " and when she started dating vincent , they thought " young nicole was going to fall for the same guy all over again " . when nicole passed her pregnancy test inside soap said " as if risking her life against the bay ' s sharks wasn ' t enough for any woman to do , especially nic " . inside soap said " nicole james isn ' t going alone and moving on " . jaci jones of the daily mail said that nicole was capable of decision making when it came to deciding on a romantic relationship . tv week described nicole as one of the year ' s most talented actresses and she was looking for work in hollywood . tv week also commented on her pregnancy storyline . when the storyline was half way through kate miller of tv week said that nicole had changed her mind about having her baby " more than that julia gillard ever used the words ' move on ' " . upon seeing nicole ' s actual pregnancy storyline , the production staff later said " who knew babies had magical powers ? ! well , maybe not . . . but you could blame the young nicole for thinking that even a brief walk on the bay ' s beaches ended with angelo having her own baby ! " . at the end of the storyline they said : " nowhere in the world would her baby be born on the beach ! " miller said it was because she had not " really missed the fact that she really wanted a baby . " she added " now the character is back to wearing pink @ - @ neck dresses ! " . they also described nicole and marilyn ' s fight over money as " the greatest of all , " and added " it ' s worse just thinking about it ! " miller also criticised nicole ' s choice in fashion , after vincent told her he liked her dress for the health club . she said " i have to agree with him - wearing nicole in pink - @ - @ neck dresses is a terrible idea . "