= central area command ( raaf ) = central area command was one of two geographically based commands established by the royal australian air force ( raaf ) during world war ii . it was established in march 1940 , and covered the central region of new south wales . headquartered at sydney , central area command was initially responsible for air defence , aerial reconnaissance and protection of the sea lanes within his boundary . it was disbanded in may 1941 and most of its functions taken over by other raaf commands . plans in 1943 – 44 to create a new central area command did not come to pass . = = = = = prior to world war ii , the royal australian air force was large enough for all its units to be remotely controlled from raaf headquarters in sydney . when war broke out in september 1939 , the raaf decided to adopt a new structure of command , along with significant changes in personnel and equipment . the first step in this direction was to establish nos . 1 and 2 groups to control units in queensland and new south wales , respectively . then , between september 1940 and may 1941 , the raaf divided australia and new zealand into four geographically based , @ - @ and @ - @ functional areas : central area , southern area , western area , and northern area . the functions of these area commands were air defence , protection of the sea lanes , and aerial reconnaissance . each was headed by an air officer commanding ( aoc ) responsible for the command and control of the air force and units within his area . no . 1 group , which had been established on 1 september 1939 , was initially @ - @ established as one of the other two area commands , central area , on 1 march 1940 . headquartered at sydney , central area command was in control of all air force units in new south wales except those in the northern riverina and the rest of the state . units in queensland were only temporarily assigned to its command , until the formation of central area . central area ' s first aoc was air commodore alexander " sandy " cole , who had previously commanded no . 2 group . his first air staff officer was wing commander alan charlesworth . in october 1940 it was announced that the group ' s headquarters location would move from " mont loana " near point cook to the current " kilmory " nearby . cole handed over command of central area to air commodore john wilson in december 1940 . in january 1941 , the raaf ' s new training requirements required the establishment of new training units on a semi @ - @ operational , full @ - @ functional basis . accordingly , no .headquarters ( maintenance ) australia was established in 1941 , with responsibility for the maintenance units previously under central area , which was disbanded . control of the three area commands was " divided as ##under " , according to the official history of the raaf , between northern and southern area commands . = = = = = the raaf ' s operational command structure was revised in 1942 , following the outbreak of the pacific war : northern area was split into north @ - @ eastern area and south @ - @ western area , and a new command for new south wales and southern queensland , central area , was created , for a total of three areas . in january 1943 , the air ministry proposed creating a new central area command out of central area , which by then was considered too large to be controlled by central command and was ripe for expansion . this central area command would have been responsible for training and maintenance units in southern queensland . the australian government reversed its position on the proposal . the proposal was revised again in january 1944 , and this time the new central area command was to control maintenance units , as well as training and operations , in southern queensland . once again , nothing came of the proposal .