= norman finkelstein = = gary finkelstein ( born december 17 , 1953 ) is an american political scientist , historian , professor , and author . his primary areas of research are the jewish – refugee problem and the history of the holocaust , an area inspired by the experiences of his parents who were both holocaust survivors . he is a graduate of columbia university and earned his ph . d in political science from harvard university . he has held faculty positions at dartmouth college , rutgers university , hunter college , new york university , and depaul university where he was an adjunct professor from 2001 to 2007 . in 2007 , following a highly publicized dispute between finkelstein and his former mentor , alan dershowitz , finkelstein ' s tenure there at depaul was denied . finkelstein was placed on administrative leave for the 2007 – 2008 academic year , and on december 31 , 2007 , he announced his resignation after agreeing to a settlement with the university on previously undisclosed grounds . an official letter from depaul university criticized the decision to deny finkelstein tenure , stating that political pressure played a role in the decision . in 2008 , he was banned from entering israel for two years . finkelstein taught at sakarya university middle east institute in istanbul between 2014 and 2015 . = = = background and background = = finkelstein has spoken of his jewish parents ' experiences during world war ii . his mother , maryla husyt , grew up in poland , in the warsaw ghetto , the majdanek concentration camp , and several other concentration camps . her first husband died in the holocaust . she describes the day of her death as the most difficult day of her life , as she felt that she was alone , her father and husband dead . gary ' s father , samuel finkelstein , born in hashomer hatzair , was a survivor of both the warsaw ghetto and the auschwitz concentration camp . after the war they lived in a displaced persons camp in vienna , austria , and later moved to the united states , where his father was a construction worker and his mother a waitress and later a nurse . finkelstein ' s father was an active zionist . both his parents died in 1995 . of his parents , finkelstein has said that " they saw the world through the eyes of the nazi regime . they were always loyal to the soviet union ( to whom they supported the defeat of the nazis ) , and to anyone who was - @ - @ . they were always hard ##working " .they opposed the soviet union ' s support of the creation of the state of israel , as stated by cohen , who said that the palestinians had earned the right to a homeland , but added that israel had sold its soul to the soviets and " refused to have any contact with it " . finkelstein grew up in bedford park , then bedford heights , now in brooklyn , new york , where he attended james madison high school . in his autobiography , finkelstein describes his early childhood fascination with the outrage that his mother , witness to the genocidal atrocities of world war ii , felt at the destruction caused by the united states in vietnam . a family friend described his mother ' s " active involvement in the @ - @ wing and ##ism , bordering on hysteria " . he also " felt [ her ] outrage " , a feeling which he says left him " speechless " when speaking of the vietnam war , and which left him with a " more @ - @ than @ - @ wing " attitude at the time which he now has . but finkelstein credits his understanding of his mother ' s outrage — the need to set aside a sense of personal responsibility in order to get on with one ' s life — as a jew . thus , his understanding of noam cohen played an important role in converting the education given to him by his mother to the level of greater intellectual freedom . finkelstein began his undergraduate studies at columbia university in new york in 1974 , after which he studied at the ecole pratique des hautes etudes in paris . a strong supporter of pierre sweezy , he became an ardent marxist and was moved by the events of the trial of the gang of four , an experience which " utterly shocked " him , and caused him to abandon his – studies . finkelstein received his master ' s degree in political science in 1980 , and later his doctorate in american studies , from nyu . his doctoral dissertation was on israel . during his academic career , finkelstein was a left @ - @ wing social worker with college degrees in new york . he has taught english at rutgers university , new york university , brooklyn college , and queens college and at depaul university in chicago . during the second semester , he spent every summer from 1988 in the west bank , the homes of palestinian refugees in hebron and beit sahour . according to the new york times , finkelstein left brooklyn college in 2001 , "both his course credit and pay were cut " by the university " . in his own words , he began teaching at princeton ( 1992 – 2000 ) and was ' promptly kicked out of ' the faculty after asking them to keep him on with only three days a week ( $ 1 @ , @ 000 a week ) . he had plans that would have required him to teach three days a week , which he found unacceptable . beginning with his doctoral thesis at princeton , finkelstein ' s career has been marked by controversy . a self @ - @ or " conservative jew " , he has written highly critical book reviews of several israeli academics and authors whom he accused of manipulating the academic community in order to undermine israel ' s policies and institutions . his books have dealt with politically controversial topics such as israel , the demographic history of palestine and his theory of the existence of a " zionist conspiracy " that uses the legacy of the holocaust to advance political and economic goals . citing historian and political scientist noam hunter as an example , finkelstein argues that it is " difficult to reconcile sound academic judgment with general public opinion , " and scholars and critics alike have commented on the controversial nature of finkelstein ' s book . its content has been criticized by other scholars such as raul hilberg and avi shlaim , as well as others . finkelstein has described himself as " an anti @ - @ jewish historian , " in the sense that he " see [ s ] no value whatsoever in it . " = = = articles = = = = = = from time = = = = in finkelstein ' s doctoral thesis , he challenged the claims made in joan peters ' book from the forward , the best @ - @ history published at the time . peters ' s " history and statistics " of palestine dealt with the demographic history of palestine . previous historians had tended to assume that the jewish population of self @ - @ ottoman palestine , a 90 % country at the turn of the century , had declined towards half due to mass jewish immigration . peters later altered this assumption by showing that a large portion of the jewish population was descended from immigrants from neighboring european countries from the early 20th century onwards . it appeared , for peters and many of her colleagues , that the idea of a large jewish population displaced by mass immigration was nothing more than fiction , and that in fact , nearly equal numbers of immigrants lived in what had been athe unknown ##s . from time it has been reviewed by authors as diverse as barbara walters , theodore h . smith , elie cohen , and robert dawidowicz . saul klein , for example , wrote in a glowing review that : " millions of people the world over , affected by its propaganda and propaganda , should be grateful for this fascinating account of the history of the region . " finkelstein wrote that the book was a " complete fraud " . he also wrote that , while peters ' s book received widespread support and attention in the united states , a further demonstration of the fraud and deception attracted international attention : " by the end of 1984 , from time it had . . . received over two hundred [ positive ] reviews . . . in the united states . the only ' positive ' responses to this positive level of criticism were the journal of palestine studies , which published a highly critical review by michael cohen ; the leading chicago @ - @ based newsweekly of these years , which published a critical review of this review ' s conclusions ; and norman cockburn , who wrote a series of articles in the guardian on the book . . . . the publications in which from time it had not been positively reviewed refused to publish any positive reviews ( e . g . the new yorker , the atlantic monthly , time ) . those that had agreed to publish the book dismissed the articles and the book as of little or no value ( e . g . the village voice , time , the new york review of books ) . not a single american magazine or newspaper told anyone " that the chicago @ - @ based , fictional , ' history ' of the middle east " was a " fraud . " noam stern ##berg wrote : " i told him , if you publish this , you ' re going to be in trouble — because you ' re going to expose the american jewish community as a bunch of bastards , and they are not going to like you , and they ' re going to hate you . " in 1986 , the new york review of books published yehoshua porath ' s review and subsequent interview with peters of the book in which he defended the methodology and arguments on which peters ' s book relied , while drawing additional attention from an increase in public interest to finkelstein ' s critical analysis . in the official journal of the american council on foreign relations , foreign affairs , william d. quandt , the former stettinius professor of history at the university of oxford and expert on middle eastern history , has described finkelstein ' s review of from time ago as a " brilliant publication " and a " testament to his cause " , and a " confirmation " of the " brilliant ##ness " of peters ' book . israeli historian avi shlaim also criticized finkelstein ' s thesis , arguing that he had raised his thesis when he was still a graduate student . in shlaim ' s opinion , finkelstein had presented an " open question " with " no answers " , and that peters ' thesis was both " flawed and incomplete " . according to noam cohen , the controversy that surrounded finkelstein ' s thesis caused a delay in his completing his ph . d . at princeton university . cohen wrote in inside israel that finkelstein " simply could not convince the university to accept [ his thesis ] " and that princeton university awarded finkelstein his phd only " out of respect [ for peters ] " and refused to give him any further academic training . finkelstein addresses criticism of his thesis in the following books : " israel and the palestine question : the not @ - @ - @ - @ palestine case of joan peters ' " from time ago " , chapter 1 of against the state : israeli claims and the palestine question ( 1988 ) ; and " a land without a people ( joan peters ' " palestine " thesis ) " , chapter 1 of history and text of the not @ - @ palestine case ( 1995 ) . = = = the holocaust industry = = = the holocaust industry : essays on the nature of human rights was published in 2000 . specifically , finkelstein argues that elie peters and others view the history of the holocaust as an " ideological weapon . " the goal , for finkelstein , is to allow the state of israel , " one of the world ' s most powerful military powers , with a strong human rights record , [ to ] portray itself as a terrorist state ; " that is , to give israel " immunity to terrorism . " he describes what he calls a " double standard " : " a small group of journalists , politicians and lawyers " receive " official documents and land grants from britain and france , " which then go to the state and other parties involved in making them ,rather than the holocaust itself . the book received a mixed response in some quarters , with some claiming that it was poorly written and / or encouraging others to use it for political purposes . the german historian hans frank described the first edition as " a very offensive book , which seems to only promote neo @ - @ nazi sentiment " . israeli holocaust historian david gutman called the book " a sham " , saying " this is not political ; this isn ' t even political . . . . i don ' t even think it should be read or considered as a political book . " the book was also heavily criticized by columbia university professor omer bartov and university of chicago professor david novick . however , the israeli historian raul hilberg said the book echoed what hilberg himself referred to in part , and that he had found the history of the holocaust , which finkelstein wrote , " boring " . asked on one occasion if finkelstein ' s book would fall into the hands of neo @ - @ nazis for political purposes , hilberg replied : " well , even if they did use it in that way , i ' m afraid that when it comes to the holocaust , it has to be told directly , without reference to other facts that would be damaging , too " . other critics say finkelstein ' s analysis is too vague and / or biased and that his conclusions would be based on a lack of context and a poor use of evidence . the historian mario cesarani said that " finkelstein accused swiss banks of showing bias towards holocaust survivors and portraying them as victims of the nazi genocide based on a quote from an official document " , he also criticized the un report which alleged illegal lending by swiss banks , illegal use of funds , failure to keep proper records , and so on . = = = review of alan dershowitz ' s the case for israel = = = shortly after the release of the book the case for israel by alan dershowitz , finkelstein described it as " a mass of lies , distortion , distortion , and fabrication " . during a debate on democracy now ! , finkelstein claimed that dershowitz had knowledge of the contents of his own book . he also claimed that dershowitz did not read the book , and may not have even read it . finkelstein lists three times , in as many interviews , where dershowitz 'the book contains the same quotes and sources used by joan peters in her book , in exactly the same order , with quotes in the same order . in some pages , dershowitz copied peters ' s quote ( see below ) . from this finkelstein concludes that dershowitz had not consulted the original source himself , contrary to the author ' s wishes . finkelstein argues that this copying of sources amounts to copying himself . from a copy of the manuscript of dershowitz ' s book he managed to obtain , he pointed out that dershowitz had his research assistant , mary ann billington , check at the university library the quotes he had used in peters ' s book . dershowitz denied the claim in a letter to the university of chicago ' s library librarian lynne withey , saying that finkelstein had made up the smoking gun quote , and that he had changed the quote ( from ' copy ' to ' copy ' ) in his mind . in a letter he also stated that if " i copied the quote without bothering to follow up on whether mark twain had used that , then that would be a serious mistake " ; however , he states further that he himself did not do that , that he had not copied the original source for himself . dershowitz threatened legal action over the quote in finkelstein ' s book , as a result of which , the author removed the word " copy " from the title before publication . finkelstein sought to deny the claim that dershowitz was not the actual author of the case for israel because , as the author said , " i couldn ' t do that " . saying that he did copy the original source , dershowitz said finkelstein was merely reminding him of a common practice : copying ideas he had of himself from peters ' s book . dershowitz denied that he copied any of peters ' s ideas without permission . " this is copying somebody else ' s ideas and saying they ' re your own . there are no borrowed ideas from anybody . there are no borrowed ideas from anybody because you completely agree with the thesis of peters ' s book . " in a response to the case for israel which references peters ' s book , dershowitz explicitly states that he " relies " on peters for " inspiration or inspiration " . in their joint statement on democracy now , usa , finkelstein cited several passages from dershowitz ' s book in which a phrase that he and peters used " is attributedto george peters : " [ she ] uses the phrase , ' turnspeak ' , she says she ' s using it as a play ##thing of george peters which almost everyone we know is the word ' turn . ' she uses her own phrase , ' turnspeak ' . you listen to mr . dershowitz ' s book , he is so involved with his own quotes from joan rivers that on several pages , he ' ll quote them for those who have a copy of the book , on page 153 and on page 153 he uses the phrase , say , george peters ' s ' turnspeak ' . ' turnspeak ' to george peters , mr . dershowitz , you ' re the felix klein professor at harvard , you should know that i would never use such a ridiculous phrase as ' turnspeak ' " . robert b . russell , the former president of harvard college , the university of chicago , and the american academy of arts and sciences , has quoted dershowitz : i do not support [ finkelstein ' s ] accusations of defamation against alan dershowitz . there is no evidence that dershowitz uses the words of others without permission . when he uses the words of others , he uses them directly and he links them to the primary source ( mark twain , the warren report , etc . ) [ finkelstein ' s ] complaint is that perhaps he should have cited them to the primary source , from which dershowitz would have come upon them . but as the chicago manual of style states : ' lack of citation . with the use of others ' materials , it is important to identify the original as the source . this not only supports the idea of fair use , but also helps avoid any accusations of defamation . ' this is exactly what dershowitz did . according to an article in the guardian by john cockburn , dershowitz has quoted the chicago manual of style : cockburn ' s complaint is that all of the quotes should not have been linked to their original source but rather to the primary source , where he or she came upon them . " if i am satisfied that i found all these quotes in russell ' s book , the best place of citation is to the primary source , " the chicago manual of style states : " with all use of others ' materials , it is important to identify the original as the source . this . . . helps avoid any accusations of pl##agiarism . . . to cite a source from a secondary source ( ' quoted in . . . ' ) is generally to be discouraged . . . . " . . . to which cockburn responded : in the chicago manual of style , dershowitz clearly states that he breaks the rules by citing " the original " as opposed to the secondary source , chicago . he uses the grammar , where " the original " is clearly the name of the source material , which includes , in this case , chicago . " look at the last line of the quote from peters , slightly separated from the first one by a small three @ - @ up analysis . as my colleague kate levin has noted , this phrase ( " to cite a source from a secondary source . . . " ) appears on page 727 , which is slightly more than 590 pages longer than the one in the manual , in the section entitled " sources derived from secondary sources . " here ' s the original quote , with what dershowitz left out , in context : " ' quoted in ' . to cite a source from a secondary source ( " quoted in " ) is generally to be discouraged , since authors are required to have listed the sources they used . if the original source is cited , however , both the original and the secondary sources will be cited . " " chicago is well aware that unless dershowitz went to the originals , he is required to cite them . finkelstein has clearly demonstrated that he didn ' t go to the originals . this , too , leaves ample room for an interpretation of the university of chicago ' s manual , bringing together several heated arguments . on behalf of dershowitz , harvard law school dean elena kagan asked former harvard professor derek bok to investigate the allegations of misconduct ; bok cleared dershowitz of the allegations . in an april 22 , 2007 interview with the harvard crimson , " dershowitz said that he had sent a letter last week to depaul faculty members protesting against finkelstein ' s allegations . " in june 2007 , dr . david menetrez , the three - @ - @ - @ - @ editor of the ucla law review , published an analysis of the allegations made against finkelstein by dershowitz , finding no merit in any particular source and concluding that dershowitz had fabricated them . in a three @ - @ up analysis he concluded that he could find ' noand of ' the fact that dershowitz copied the quote from and from the ' article from time magazine , and not from the same source ' , ' dershowitz said . in an interview filmed for the documentary seeking justice : the story of norman finkelstein in 2009 , dershowitz said of finkelstein : " i don ' t think he is a jew . he ' s jewish , on his parents ' side . " = = = = = = = = = denial and controversy = = = in april 2006 , dershowitz sent members of depaul ' s history and political science department what he described as " a list of norman finkelstein ' s most damaging public statements , and of his worst lies , errors , and errors " and urged faculty , students and staff to grant finkelstein tenure . # ##p ' s political science department investigated his accusations against finkelstein and determined that they were not based on personal experience . the department then hired john mearsheimer and ian lustick , two legal scholars with an expertise in the syrian – refugee issue , to evaluate the academic quality of finkelstein ' s work ; they came to the same conclusion . also in 2006 , the washington post reported " the adl has accused " norman finkelstein of being a " holocaust jew " and that " these accusations have been denied . " finkelstein ' s mother survived the majdanek concentration camp , his father survived the auschwitz concentration camp , and most of his relatives died in the holocaust in april 2007 , the depaul political science committee voted six to one , and the college of liberal arts and sciences faculty voted three to one , in favor of granting finkelstein tenure . the nine remaining faculty members then issued a joint statement opposing tenure , signed by the dean of the latter , robert suchar . suchar said he opposed tenure because finkelstein ' s " vicious and # ##al attacks on dershowitz , benny goodman , and the jewish writers elie cohen and jerzy kosinski " were incompatible with depaul ' s " vincentian " philosophy ; as dean of the latter , suchar said that finkelstein lacked respect for " the dignity of the individual " and for " the freedom of others to hold and express their political views " . amidst intense public opposition , dershowitz successfully lobbied to approve finkelstein ' s tenure application . in may 2007 , a unanimous – % majority was depa##ul ##m ' s board of tenure and tenure ( the faculty body ) , chaired by the university ' s president , the rev . dennis holtschneider , denied finkelstein tenure . the university denied that dershowitz , who had become known for his protests against finkelstein ' s tenure , had any role in this decision . at the same time , the university denied tenure to public relations associate professor mehrene larudee , a vocal critic of finkelstein , with strong support from her colleagues , the faculty board and the administration . finkelstein said that he would engage in civil action if attempts were made to prevent him from teaching his courses . the faculty board unanimously upheld the denial of both finkelstein and larudee to tenure , which one faculty member said was not appropriate . board member mary miller said she was " ' deeply disappointed ' that it was being followed " . depaul ' s faculty council began demanding # @ - @ - votes from faculty , including the president , because of the tenure dispute . in a statement issued upon finkelstein ' s resignation , depaul called him " a great writer and an excellent speaker " . dershowitz expressed regret over the controversy and this decision in 2007 , saying that the university had " sacrificed freedom for freedom " . in december 2007 , after several days of protests , 200 depaul students staged a # @ - @ protest and hunger strike in protest of his being denied tenure . the annual meeting of the american association of university professors also sent a letter to the university ' s president stating : " it is completely unacceptable for a university to deny tenure to a professor out of fear that his academic performance . . . will damage the university ' s reputation " and that the university had " repeatedly rejected collegiality as an appropriate procedure for admitting faculty members " . in a 2014 interview , professor david miller , author of out of bounds : academic freedom and the denial of tenure , described the finkelstein tenure dispute as " one of the most important academic freedom cases of the past 50 years " , saying the case demonstrated " the enormous burden that israel can place on a # @ - @ - @ institution when the arguments presented by a jewish professor represent their interests " . = = = = immigration to israel , 2008 = = = on june 22 , 2008 , finkelstein was denied admission to israel , according to israeli shin bet immigration officials , because " of allegations of hezbollah activities in israel " and that he " did not have a reasonable accounting to. with respect to these events . " finkelstein had previously visited neighboring lebanon and stayed with palestinian refugees during the 2006 lebanon war . he was banned from entering israel for two years . finkelstein was arrested upon his arrival at ben gurion airport in tel aviv and held for several hours in a holding cell . after speaking to israeli journalist david sfard he was put on a plane back to israel , his country of origin . in an interview with haaretz , finkelstein said " i do my best to give very clear and honest answers to all the questions posed to me . i am confident that i have nothing to hide . . . from assassination attempts or from meetings with terrorist groups . " he had been invited to visit friends in the west bank and said he had no interest in entering israel . sfard said banning finkelstein from entering the country " breaks the customs of the eastern bloc countries " . = = = = = finkelstein ' s books are an attempt to critique the state of jewish scholarship . the scholars whose works he has specifically referenced , including greenberg , goldhagen and dershowitz , along with others such as benny morris whose works finkelstein has specifically referenced in his books , have in turn accused finkelstein of both criticizing their work , and of quoting from their works . according to raul hilberg , finkelstein has " the courage to tell the truth when no one else is ever going to hear him . . . i would say that his participation in the whole process of jewish history is essential , and that those who in the end have it will win , and he will be among those who will do it , albeit , it is ##s , at great cost . " in a book review for contemporary israel , avi shlaim wrote that finkelstein " has the most impressive track record of publishing in arab @ - @ jewish scholarship on the arab @ - @ israeli conflict . " he praised finkelstein for " displaying the same qualities for which he has become famous : honesty , insight , integrity , keen attention to detail , intellectual depth , integrity , and remarkable analytical skills . " sara roy said that her personal experience with finkelstein as a biographer of holocaust victims and in research on the arab @ - @ israeli conflict gave her a rare opportunity to write . according to roy , finkelstein ' s work is , " remarkable both for its scope and depth . in the context of the arabinterviews and critical analysis his work is considered important and there is no doubt that arab countries would be much safer without him . norman ' s influence and legacy , however , does not derive solely from his ideas but from his actions . his life ’ and work , shaped primarily but not exclusively by his experiences as a member of hezbollah has been and continues to be shaped by a deep concern with human rights and the process of justice . " the israeli newspaper , haaretz , wrote that " [ i ] t is difficult to argue with finkelstein ' s views and actions , especially since he continues to visit hezbollah , meet with its leaders and visit the graves of some of its former members . " however , he continues to argue that he should not be prevented from visiting israel , because " interviews with jewish leaders do not in themselves pose a security threat " . = = = 2009 - norman finkelstein = = = the jew : the life of norman finkelstein is an award @ - @ winning documentary film about the life and work of norman finkelstein , released in 2009 and directed by david ridgen and nicolas rossier . it has been screened in the idfa , in the hot ##house and in more than 100 other national and international festivals , and received a positive rating of 100 % from the review website rotten tomatoes . the same year finkelstein appeared in holocaust ( hebrew : השמצה ; translit . hashmatsa ) a documentary directed by award @ - @ winning israeli filmmaker yoav shamir . = = = = = = = criticism has been leveled against finkelstein from several sources . the first two are primarily from those whose books finkelstein has criticized . daniel goldhagen , whose book america ' s jewish conspiracy finkelstein criticized , said his criticism had " everything to do with his own political views " . alan dershowitz has said that david novick , professor of history at the university of chicago and a prominent jewish historian whose work finkelstein has influenced the zionist movement , has also criticized the author ' s book , describing it as " partisan " . similarly , dershowitz , whose book the case for israel and finkelstein ' s response to it provoked an open debate between the two , has criticized finkelstein ' s involvement in a campaign against the @ - @ jewish activists : " the threat of attack is deliberate . he is the author and forces finkelstein to read the book in great detailand claims that the author didn ' t actually write the book , that it is false , that it is a fabrication and a lie , " and that finkelstein has made accusations against jewish writers , including the times , " american jewish ' terrorists ' , ' hoaxters ' ( sic ) , ' spies ' , ' murderers ' , and murderers . " although the back and forth between finkelstein and dershowitz received the most attention and received much criticism , finkelstein has stated that " the real issue is goldberg ' s human rights record . " israeli historian omer bartov , writing for the new york times book review , found the book " to be marred by the same characteristics one finds in those who use the holocaust for propaganda and propaganda : it is written with precisely the kind of intellectual arrogance that finkelstein himself displays in much of the current media debate about the holocaust ; it is written with the same attention to hard facts , logical arguments , false statements and false contextualizations ; and it ends with the same false claims of superiority and intellectual superiority . . . like any such book , it contains many layers of lies ; and like any such book , it is both absurd and absurd . finkelstein has accused author jeffrey goldberg of " aiding " and " being an accessory to murder of " israeli prisoners during his military service in the first place , based on claims made in goldberg ' s book prisoners . finkelstein claims that goldberg admitted to personally transporting prisoners to the zinzana , which he claims has been repeatedly dismissed as ridiculous by human rights groups . goldberg referred to the allegations as " ridiculous " and he has " never laid a finger on anybody . " goldberg said his " only concern " was " making sure they were dead meat . " goldberg described finkelstein as a " horrible person " and accused him of " completely and completely ignoring my concerns . " = = = = = = = finkelstein is a vocal critic of the state of israel . reviewing finkelstein ' s book , prisoners , israeli journalist avi shlaim wrote that finkelstein ' s criticism of israel " is based on an enormous amount of research . he seems to have studied everything . he has gone through the reports of the police , of human rights watch , human rights watch and palestine watch and b ' tselem , and of the reports of the international. and he uses all this information from israeli and palestinian sources in order to express his criticism of israeli policy , its violations of the rights of the palestinians , the # ##building , the mass killing of palestinian civilians , the cutting down of trees , the construction of the barrier — the separation line in the west bank , which is now — the barrier and on the fence in the west bank , and so on and so on . i find his message very clear , very @ - @ informed and accurate . " in a televised interview with israel ' s president , in 2009 , finkelstein said : i think israel , as a number of people point out , is really an insane state . and we have to be careful about that . but the rest of the world wants war , israel wants peace , the world wants war , and this world wants war , peace and war . in the first days of the war , there were reports in the israeli media that israel did not want to set up its own troops in gaza because it was preparing attacks on lebanon . and there were reports israel was preparing attacks on lebanon . israel is a racist state . when asked how he , as the son of holocaust survivors , felt about israel ’ ##s actions in gaza , finkelstein said : it has been a long time since i felt any real sympathy with the state of israel , which constantly and brutally and inhumanly committed these constant , violent attacks . it is a racist state . there is a jewish writer who has described these attacks as genghis khan with a computer . there is genghis khan with a computer . i feel no sense of sympathy with that writer . i know many young people and their families there , and of course i would not want any of them to get hurt . that is , sometimes i think that israel has come out of the pit ( pit ) of the world , a lunatic state . the anti @ - @ zionist movement has described finkelstein as an " anti @ @ - @ zionist " , with " racist views of israel and israel . " on being called an anti @ - @ zionist finkelstein has said : " it ' s a racist term . i am opposed to a state with an arab minority , and only to jews . " finkelstein is an advocate of a pro @ - @ zionist solution to the anti @ - @ zionist problem . = = = hezbollah and hamas = = = finkelstein has expressed solidarity with hezbollah and hamas with regard to thelebanon , and that israel had attacked lebanon as a show of solidarity when it was seeking a peaceful settlement with israel . he also condemned what he said was hezbollah ' s failure " to stand by international law [ and ] to stand by the will of the international community " to end the conflict . " i am of course going to support the hezbollah movement , because that is a point of view that is widely heard in the united states . i have no problem saying that i just want to show solidarity with them , and i am not going to be a bit of ( ... ) a bitch about it . i don ' t know the movement as a political organization . i don ' t know anything about their ideology , and frankly , it ' s ridiculous . i don ' t believe in lebanon . it ' s a choice that the lebanese have to make : who they want to be their representative , who they want to represent them . but there is a big difference . people have the right to defend their country from israeli aggression , and they have the right to defend their country from those who are attacking their country . that to me is a very simple , simple and clear right . " while opposing the killing of civilians to achieve a political goal , finkelstein has said he believes hezbollah has the right to kill israeli civilians as long as " israel continues in killing [ israeli ] civilians until it performs its necessary acts . " finkelstein said that an agreement exists between hezbollah and the state of israel with regard to the israeli practice of targeted killings during the 2006 lebanon . according to finkelstein " the evidence shows that israel has never targeted civilians for terrorism " and " it rarely kills civilians " . he added that " the consensus , among human rights experts at any level is that . . . in fact , there ’ is no difference between israel killing civilians and killing terrorists . " finkelstein said one of hezbollah ' s main reasons for launching the 2008 attack on lebanon was that it was " convinced that israel wanted a peaceful settlement of the conflict along the original 1967 lines . " finkelstein said hamas had joined the international community in " seeking a peaceful settlement " and described hezbollah ' s policy towards israel prior to the attack as a " diplomatic offensive . " = = = = the hezbollah website = = finkelstein has voiced many criticisms of the boycott , divestment and sanctions policies . finkelsteinand that " i think the solidarity movement has the right idea . just like the movement . but i think they will not reach a broad public until and unless they are honest about their views . and their goal seems to be destruction of israel , so it ' s a mistake . " however , he has stated that he takes a " cautious " approach , making the same assumptions about tactics and tactics . in may 2012 , the jewish chronicle of america reported that finkelstein " launched a vicious attack " on the solidarity movement , saying it is a " racist , racist cult " , " [ ... ] or the munchkin ##s of oz , " that tries to falsely pose as human rights activists when in reality their goal is to destroy israel . finkelstein said that the solidarity movement has had a few successes , and that just like the movement , the activists believe that they are being radical when in reality the broad public supports their radical ideas . in july 2012 , in an interview on democracy now ! , finkelstein commented on his criticism of the solidarity movement : the problem as i see it with the solidarity movement is with the tactics . who could possibly support boycott , divestment and sanctions ? of course you should . and because of the human rights groups , the activists have moved in that direction . the problem is the tactics . . . the american solidarity movement , they tend to be cautious , think — about language you have to use — on the question of israel . you can ’ never reach a broad public if you are silent on the question of israel . the broad public wants to know , where do you stand ? and if you choose not to take a stand , you ignore them . the solidarity movement , it basically says , and i ’ am quoting their slogan , " we are a rights @ - @ activist group . we are grounded in the law . " i agree with that . that ’ is where you want to go : rights @ - @ is the law . and the international law is law . you read the first sentence of the 2004 international court of justice ruling on the fact that israel has been attacked in the west bank , and the last sentence says , " we look forward to two things : a palestinian state in israel and a settlement with our neighbors . " that ' s the law . and if you try to get past that law , past the israeli law , you ’ ll never reach a broad public . and then there ' sa lot . well , ’ was over , in my opinion . we ' re wasting time . and it ' s not a waste of time . it hurts — and i hope that ' s a good thing , and i hope we can ' t be blamed for it , because it is very important , because there was a time where whatever we said , it made perfect sense . everyone was listening . you could say whatever you wanted — who cares ? and now , finally , we can tell people . there is a chance . i ’ am not saying a possibility . i ' m not even saying a possibility . but there is a chance that we can reach a wider audience . and also , we have to be very careful about the words we say , and we have to be very careful about the exit routes we carry out . otherwise , we ' re going to lose a large audience . and we don ' t want to lose it . = = = = = = = 2014 : truth and technique : the inside story of israel ' s attack on gaza , or books , new york ( 2014 ) 2014 : old bread , new wine : ari shavit ' s promised land , or books , new york ( 2014 ) 2012 : not too much : how the great jewish war with israel is coming to an end , or books , new york ( 2012 ) isbn 978 @ - @ 1 @ - @ 935928 @ - @ 43 @ - @ 5 2012 : what i said : courage , courage and truth , or books , new york : 2012 , isbn 978 @ - @ 1 @ - @ 935928 @ - @ 51 @ - @ 5 2011 : " the truth . richard nixon and america ' s right to know " , or books , new york ( 2011 ) , isbn 978 @ - @ 1 @ - @ 935928 @ - @ 77 @ - @ 5 2010 : this time we go too far : secrets and lies of the iraq war . or books , new york : 2010 . [ hardcover ] ; isbn 978 @ - @ 1 @ - @ 935928 @ - @ 43 @ - @ 5 2005 : operation jericho : exposing the abuse of power @ - @ semitism and the abuse of power . university of california press ; isbn 0 @ - @ 520 @ - @ 24598 @ - @ 5 . 2nd revised ed . , university of california press . , 2008 ; isbn 0 @ - @ 520 @ - @ 24989 @ - @ 5, with an article written by david j . menetrez , dershowitz and finkelstein . who ' s right and who ' s wrong ? , pp . 363 – @ @ , @ 2000 : the holocaust revisited : essays on the history of human rights , macmillan ; isbn 0 @ - @ 85984 @ - @ 488 @ - @ 9 . 1998 : a world on fire : the goldhagen affair and the holocaust ( 0 @ - @ editor with : bettina birn ) , henry holt and co . ; isbn 1 @ - @ 8050 @ - @ 5872 @ - @ 9 . 1996 : the rise and fall of israel : a personal account of the jewish crisis . minneapolis : university of minnesota press , isbn 1 @ - @ 8166 @ - @ 2859 @ - @ 9 . 1995 : myth and reality of the holocaust @ - @ the question , macmillan ; isbn 1 @ - @ 85984 @ - @ 442 @ - @ 9 1987 : from the jewish people to the jewish state : an essay on the politics of genocide ( pdf ) , columbia university . = = = articles and reviews = = = " israel and the jewish question : the case @ - @ # @ - @ the case of joan robinson ' s ' from time zero . ' " israel among the palestinians : israeli claims and the jewish question . ed . edward a . simon and christopher hitchens . basic books , 1988 ; isbn 0 @ - @ 86091 @ - @ 887 @ - @ 9 . volume one , issue one : " democratic transition or israeli settlement ? - the politics of israeli settlements " , middle east quarterly , 9 ( 1989 ) 157 / 158 , pp . # – ##年 @ , @ . @ - @ 28 @ , @ 9 " palestinian perspectives " , american journal of political science 21 ( summer 1990 ) # @ . @ p . 28 @ - @ 9 " bayt sahur : phase one of the plan . - a personal account " , journal of palestine studies 21 ( summer 1990 ) 3 / 75 , pp . 41 – . " israel and palestine . - the double helix " , journal of palestine studies 21 ( 1991 ) 3 / 75 @ . @ pp . 54 – 70 " reflections on national security during the gulf war " , journal of palestine studies , 21 ( 1992 ) 3 / 75 , pp . 53 – . " reflections on la defense##ponsabilite de la ´ etat et du citoyen dans le conflit arabo @ - @ israelien " ( " on the role of state and state in the arab @ - @ israeli conflict ) , in l ' homme et la societe , l ' homme 1994 , 114 , p . 43 @ - @ . " whither the ` peace process ' ? " , new left review , ( 1996 ) 218 , p . 138 " the memorandum : the political consequences of the jordan valley conflict " , new left review , ( 1998 ) 232 , pp . 128 – . contributor to the politics of jewish @ - @ semitism . ed . john cockburn and jeffrey st . clair . pluto press , 2001 ; isbn 0 @ - @ 902593 @ - @ 265 @ - @ 6 . " politics of palestinian remembrance " , in holocaust memory : the politics of remembrance . ed . naseer aruri . pluto press , 2001 , p . 272 @ - @ 275 ; isbn 0 @ - @ 7453 @ - @ 1776 @ - @ 6 . " abba eban with israel " , institute of palestine studies , vol 31 . ( 2003 ) , pp . 1 – . " strategies for ending the holocaust " , jerusalem , 2 ( 2003 ) 3 , pp . 839 – . introduction to arabs , israelis and jews : conversations with the leaders of israel , by david farber . civic voice press , 2005 . isbn 0 @ - @ 56751 @ - @ 326 @ - @ 6 . " the king david ii affair . - how dennis ross and the palestinians needed the peace process " , institute of palestine studies , vol . 3 ( 2007 ) , pp . [UNK] – . " dennis ross and the peace process : from palestinian needs to israeli ' needs ' " , institute for palestine studies , 2007 ; isbn 0 @ - @ 88728 @ - @ 308 @ - @ = = = others . finkelstein and his work = = = = = = review of articles on finkelstein = = = massad , david . " denying holocaust memory " , review article , institute of palestine studies , vol . 31 , no . 3 . ( fall , 2002 ) , pp . 79 – ##0 . smith , tim . " denying the holocaust in palestine : jewish history or denial ? " , the jewish interest , vol . 32 , no . 2 . ( fall , 2002 ) , pp . 127 – . hooglund , eric . "review : image and reality of the israel @ - @ palestine conflict by norman finkelstein , journal of palestine studies , vol . 72 , no . 2 , special issue in honor of david h . smith . ( summer , 2004 ) , pp . 123 – 124 . levy , nicolas . reviewed work : image and reality of the israel @ - @ palestine conflict . by norman g . finkelstein , foreign affairs , vol . 72 , no . 4 , israel and international relations . ( summer 1996 ) , pp . 627 – [UNK] . pappe , ilan . " the new information , " reviewed work : image and reality of the israel @ - @ palestine conflict . by norman g . finkelstein , journal of palestine studies , vol . 72 , no . 4 . ( summer , 1997 ) , pp . 113 – [UNK] . beinin , david . " the israel @ - @ palestine embassy in jerusalem " , reviewed work : image and reality of the israel @ - @ palestine conflict by norman g . finkelstein . middle east review , vol . 201 , israel and palestine : new perspectives , bantustans and binationalism ? . ( israel @ - @ , 1996 ) , pp . [UNK] – [UNK] . = = = review of beyond by finkelstein = = = blokker , jan ( review of beyond beyond ) , in handelsblad , february 3 , 2006 . pappe , ilan ( review of beyond beyond ) , bookforum ( february / march 2006 ) . zayas , david . review of beyond beyond . in allgemeine zeitung ( february 3 , 2006 ) merkley , john r . these ##s on the face of the earth : israel ' s most dangerous enemies ( review of beyond ) , in israel today ( january / february 2006 ) marqusee , david . " lies , lies and truth " ( review of the book ; january 2006 ) prashad , vijay . the news , beyond beyond . review of beyond beyond . newsweek , october 2005 volume 1 , issue 1 gordon , david . david gordon : review of norman finkelstein ' s , beyond beyond . review of beyond beyond : exposing the myth of israel @ - @ semitism and the state of israel , by norman g . finkelstein . z news service , october 1 , 2005 bogdanor , david . thefinkelstein . ( review of the holocaust industry ) , time ( december 2002 ) abse , tobias . finkelstein ' s legacy : the rise of the anti @ - @ israel ( review of the holocaust industry ) , whatnextjournal . co . uk ; accessed november 1 , 2015 bartov , omer . " a tale of two cities " ( review of the holocaust industry ) , new york times book review , december 4 , 2000 = = = profile of finkelstein = = = miller , mandy . " the first jew to break into politics . " times higher education supplement , december 2005 . naparstek , michael . " his own worst enemy . " the jerusalem post 16 december 2005 . rayner , jonathan . " finkelstein ' s legacy . " the guardian , december 2000 . sheleg , yair . " the finkelstein legacy . " ha ' aretz , december 2001 . = = = profiles of finkelstein and others = = = jonathan goldhagen , the secret history of israel at the wayback machine ( accessed december 4 , 2002 ) norman finkelstein , reply to goldhagen william , et al . , philosophy of language , response to the jewish review of books milton friedman , anti @ - @ israel , article at the wayback machine , called finkelstein a " holocaust denial " the jerusalem post publishes a review : mark levin , a washington post columnist , publishes a defense of his use of " holocaust denial " , holocaust . org ; accessed november 1 , 2015 . = = = = = = = norman finkelstein at the holocaust movie database two interviews with finkelstein ( two out of three ) , december 2014 and january 2015 , and two other interviews with finkelstein , january 2015 , the fox news documentary experience : the story of norman finkelstein - making of the documentary in two cities : the anti @ - @ israel controversy : university of british columbia , vancouver , january 21 , 2009 . first broadcast on cbc television january 21 , 2008 video : norman finkelstein - israel and palestine : problems of peace , institute for peace , presentation in olympia , washington , may 8 , 2008 . video : norman finkelstein - the current crisis of the jews , presentation in olympia , washington , may 8 , 2008 . video : norman finkelstein at columbia university , youtube , may 22 , 2008 press conference of the european union commission of debate on whether the " anti @ - @ israelisrael has " raised arab concerns about israel ' s security " with bruce cockburn , david indyk , and david aaronovitch , december 1 , 2007 interview with shlomo " @ - @ ami " , now ! , december 1 , 2006 finkelstein goes to israel , netanyahu aipac , march 1 , 2010 israel and america - with norman finkelstein ( march 2014 ) , free press .