= west hendford cricket ground , yeovil = west hendford cricket ground is a first @ - @ class cricket ground located in yeovil , somerset . the land for the ground was first used by yeovil cricket club in 1874 , and was later used for a number of other purposes , most notably by yeovil rugby club in the 1880s , and then cricket from 1935 until the ground was closed . further improvements were made to the ground during the 1930s , including the construction of a new pavilion , jointly funded by the rugby and cricket clubs . the ground was closed in 1944 when westland motors closed their factory , and the yeovil cricket club and rugby club moved to london road . between 1935 and 1939 , the ground hosted five consecutive somerset county cricket club matches in july and august ; the first of which also set a new record for ticket sales at the ground . somerset only won one of the five matches , the 1936 match against lancashire . = = = = = yeovil and district cricket club was formed in 1865 , and made the first attempt at setting up a county cricket club for somerset . the attempt was unsuccessful , and the club split up . in 1874 , the club was re @ - @ , with the same name , as yeovil cricket club . as part of the club ' s expansion , the club purchased the lease of a field in west hendford , yeovil , from a local farmer , john smith . the field , part of brook farm , was rented for £ ##400 . there is record of a match being played at the ground the following year between two teams of members of the yeovil hockey club . during the late 19th @ - @ century , the ground was used for other sports as well as cricket ; it had a good running track , and occasionally hosted yeovil football club , who at the time played both football and rugby football . the football club played at west hendford on an occasional basis during the late 19th @ - @ century , but returned in 1935 , by which time they also played football , and had changed their name back to yeovil football club . in 1895 , the football club had announced that there was provision for a further lease , of five or six years , and that they would make improvements to the ground to enable it to host first @ - @ class cricket . the ground was also used for ice hockey in the early 20th @ - @ century , and by yeovil cricket team . somerset county cricket club played their firstof the three first @ - @ class matches on the ground in 1935 . the first , against surrey , was a major event in the county , and a series of events were held to kick off the first @ - @ class match , including a parade and a music festival . attendance for the match , which took place from 17 to 19 august was one day , and drew around 5 @ , @ 000 people , costing around £ ##400 . somerset won the match by four wickets . the profits from this match saw the yeovil cricket club make substantial improvements to the ground , improving facilities and providing extra seating . the following year , somerset played kent at the ground , in what the taunton courier described as " yeovil cricket week " . the president of yeovil cricket club , richard southcombe , was included in the somerset team , which won the match by 100 runs . the crowds were much lower than the previous year due to the rain , but were described as " good " . in 1937 , somerset played yorkshire at the ground , in a match that once again drew a crowd of around 5 @ , @ 000 . the taunton evening post described the weather as " good " towards the end of the match , praising the pitch . in 1938 kent played , and the report in the taunton evening mail noted the condition of the pitch , which meant that the match , like the other first @ - @ class matches on the ground before it , was played in four days , rather than the usual three . that year , a new pavilion costing £ 550 was built on the ground for the joint use of the cricket club and the football club . the next first @ - @ class match on the ground was played in august 1939 against kent , but heavy rain restricted the match to just two days of play . the receipts for the first three days of the match were around £ ##400 , and the taunton courier reported that the crowd for the match could reach hundreds of thousands . despite the losses , around 5 @ , @ 000 people attended the match , and the taunton courier also noted the improvements that had been made to the ground ; the addition of a fence made the pitch unsafe , but the ground itself had been well looked after , and improved considerably . the second world war interrupted the county championship from 1940 to 1945 , and during that period , westland aircraft took over the ground to build their aircraft , and advised yeovil cricket club that it was no longer needed , leading them to look for a new ground in 1946 . they foundand to the newly built johnson park in 1948 . the rugby club also moved to johnson park , transforming itself into yeovil rugby club . after a long absence , somerset county cricket club returned to yeovil , playing ten matches at johnson park between 1951 and 1970 , and eleven matches at westlands cricket ground from 1971 to 1978 . = = = = = during its brief existence as a cricket @ - @ somerset sports club , only one century was scored on the ground , by jim taylor . during the 1937 season , taylor scored 111 runs for somerset . the most wickets taken by a batsman in a match at west hendford was recorded in 1938 , when somerset ' s stuart boyes took 15 wickets , including 10 in the first innings . somerset ' s last victory at the ground came in 1936 against gloucestershire , whom they dismissed for 46 runs in the first innings , and 41 in the second .