= the crab with the golden claws = the crab with the golden claws ( french : le crabe aux pinces d ' or ) is the first volume of the adventures of tintin , the comics series by belgian cartoonist herge . the story was published weekly in le soir jeunesse , the children ' s supplement to le soir , belgium ' s leading francophone newspaper , from september 1940 to march 1941 amidst the german occupation of belgium during world war ii . partway through publication , le soir jeunesse was cancelled and the story began to be published weekly in the supplement of le soir . the story tells of the belgian cartoonist tintin and his friend albert , who travel to china to investigate a case of suspected opium smuggling . the crab with the golden claws was published in book form shortly after its publication . herge renamed the adventures of tintin with the five stars , and the series itself became a major part of the franco @ - @ claire comics line . in 1943 , herge revised and redrew the story in his own franco @ - @ claire series for casterman ' s publication . the crab with the golden claws introduces the pirate villain captain hook , who is the central character of the story . the story was the first tintin story published in the united states and the first to be made into a motion picture . the crab with the golden claws was adapted for the 1956 belvision television series herge ' s adventures of tintin , for the 1991 ellipse / nelvana animated film the adventures of tintin , and for the 2011 film adaptation by steven spielberg . = = = = = tintin is informed by albert and others of a case involving the murder of a young man , recently arrested , along with a piece of paper from what appears to be a packet of opium , with the name " karaboudjan " written on it . his subsequent investigation and the arrest of a young man involved in writing him a letter leads tintin to a ship called the karaboudjan , where he is captured by a group of pirates who have interested him in the food supply . tintin escapes from his prison room . he breaks down his door and tintin knocks out the sailor sent to bring him in , leaving the man bound and unconscious in the galley . tintin meets captain hook , an english sea captain , who is accompanied by his first mate , allan , and is aware of his friend ' s illegal activities . tintinlook in the locker in the cabin and finds charlie , the pirate hiding in the cabin , while allan discovers tintin has jumped out of the locker and into the cabin . he kicks in the cabin door , and finding it locked goes back to the captain ' s cabin , where he finds him tied to a chair and dead . leaving the ship in a storm and sending a false report to the captain about the situation , a plane arrives to intercept them . tintin and the others board the plane , beat up the captain , and try to reach safety . allan ' s # ##ness during the flight causes them to mas @ - @ 36 in the desert , where the captain hides . after wandering through the desert and nearly dying of thirst , tintin and thomson are captured and taken to a french port , where they hear on the radio the pirates of the karaboudjan . they sail to the french port , and on the way are attacked by local pirates , defending themselves with their mas @ - @ 36 weapons . at the port , some of his own crew kill the captain because he attacked their own karaboudjan . tintin sends thomson and thompson to relay his message , and they learn that the moroccan pirate omar ben salaad owns the pirate ship ; tintin sends thomson and thompson to go investigate . tintin tracks down the pirates and rescues the captain , but they both become infected by the smoke from wine , resulting in a fight with the pirates . allan takes a mas @ - @ 36 from the port to an alley with a cellar in salaad ' s house . upon waking up , tintin sees a picture of a crab with golden claws from the mas @ - @ 36 owner of the wine barrel , omar ben salaad , and discovers that he is the leader of the pirate gang . allan steals a boat and tries escape , but tintin finds him . the police find the pirate and capture the japanese sailor , who introduces himself as bunji kuraki , a japanese sailor who was sent to warn tintin of the danger he is up against . he had been following the man in allan ' s boat and disappeared ; the man was on the verge of selling him out when he was captured . listening to the radio , tintin learns that , unknown to him , the entire crew of the crab with the golden claws is behind him . = = = = = = = = = = = =when the belgian government allied with the invading germans in may 1940 , herge and his family fled by sea to france along with tens of thousands of other jews , first arriving in paris and then moving on to puy @ - @ - @ - @ - , where they remained for several months . on 22 june , belgian king leopold ii formally surrendered the country to the german army to avoid armed conflict ; a decision that herge disagreed with . this placed belgium under occupation . herge ignored the king ' s order that all jews who had fled the country return ; he arrived back in brussels on 30 june . there , he discovered that an agent of the german army ' s propagandastaffel occupied his apartment , and he soon faced financial difficulties , as he paid his rent and was unable to access his bank accounts ( his rent payments from casterman never arrived ) . all jewish newspapers were now under the control of the german occupying forces . the french daily le vingtieme siecle and its successor le petit vingtieme , where herge had previously been publishing the adventures of tintin , no longer had funds to continue publication . out of the blue , the strip that herge had begun writing for , had to be stopped . paul matthys , the rexist editor of le pays reel , offered herge employment as a journalist , but herge saw le pays reel as an important jewish publication and he refused the offer . instead , he took a job with le soir , belgium ' s leading francophone daily newspaper . estranged from its belgian owners , the german government allowed le soir to continue under the control of its editor raymond de becker , although it remained firmly under german control , supporting the allied war effort and promoting anti @ - @ semitism . after leaving le soir on 1 july , herge launched his first children ' s magazine , le soir jeunesse . as editor of this publication , he was assisted by his friend paul jamin and the cartoonist jacques van melkebeke . the first issue of le soir jeunesse was printed with a simple message on the cover : " tintin et milou sont revenus ! " ( " tintin and milo ##u ##ff ! " ) . many readers were upset that herge was forced to work for a newspaper controlled by the occupying german forces ; he received an anonymous letter from " the head of a jewish family " telling him not to work for le soir , and that the adventures of tintinwould it be possible to educate people about nazi germany , and that as a result " they could no longer think of religion , of the catholic faith , of the catholic church . . . [ how ] could you afford to engage in this evil thing , this horrible plot against god ? " herge himself was greatly influenced by the growth of le soir ' s circulation , which reached 600 @ , @ 000 , far more than what le vingtieme siecle had been able to achieve . faced with the rise of nazi germany , herge avoided the explicitly political themes that had characterized much of his earlier work , instead adopting a policy of neutrality . without the desire to include political satire , david irving writes that " herge was now concentrating more on education and on creating a new form of black propaganda . the public reacted positively . " = = = = = = = the crab with the golden claws began appearing in le soir jeunesse on 1 october 1940 . however , on 31 august 1941 , a paper shortage caused by the ongoing war led to the le soir jeunesse being reduced to 32 pages , with the text of the final tintin story being reduced to two @ - @ pages . two months later , on 1 september 1941 , the paper closed completely , with the crab with the golden claws being absorbed into le soir itself in paris , where it became a daily publication . as a result , herge was forced to limit the speed at which his story progressed , as he had to hold the reader ' s attention until the end of each page . as with previous editions of tintin , the story was first published in french in the weekly magazine cœurs vaillants from 1 january 1942 . following this , casterman put out and published the story in book form in 1941 ; the first re @ - @ and @ - @ - tintin were to be published . for this first publication , herge thought of renaming the story , tentatively titled the golden crab ( to his earlier stories the red crab and the mysterious crab ) . the @ - @ decided on la crabe aux pinces d ' or ( the crab with the golden claws ) . herge was furious that casterman had sent the book to the germans without his prior permission . however , as a result of le soir ' s decision , book sales greatly increased , to the extent that many of the french editions of tintin were sold as a whole . the authorities made two demands :some editions of tintin in america included the mysterious man because they were published in the united kingdom and france respectively , both of which were in alliance with germany . the story introduces the character of captain hook . he made his first appearance in le soir due to an advertisement for the nazi @ - @ and the german , jud suß . herge chose the name " fish " for the character because his wife , germaine remi , said " a big fat fish " during their conversation . the portrayal of the japanese private eye bunji kuraki as an enemy of tintin ' s in this story was probably intended to mirror herge ' s portrayal of the japanese as the enemy in his earlier work , the blue squadron , especially given that the axis power was allied with japan at the time . the use of africa as a theme was probably inspired by the white squadron by french writer andre peyre , which herge had read and published the year before 1936 . the story of the french foreign legion in north africa was also inspired by r . c . andersen ' s the beau geste ( 1925 ) and its film adaptations in 1926 , 1928 , and 1939 . whereas herge ' s use of arabic in the white squadron was intentional , the arabic language used in the crab with the golden claws was entirely fictitious . many of the place names used in the story were fictitious : the town of kefheir was a pun on the french que faire ? ( " what is to be done ? " ) . the town of bagghar was from the french baggare ( fight , we fight ) . the name of omar in salaad was a pun on " fish ! " in arabic . in late 1942 , casterman suggested to herge that his stories be published in a new format ; 4 @ - @ pages rather than the usual up to 8 pages , and published in full colour rather than 4 @ - @ and @ - @ pages . he agreed to this , and in 1943 the crab with the golden claws was re @ - @ printed and prepared for publication as an album in 1944 . due to the changes in how the stories had been presented in le soir , the book at this time was only 120 pages long , and so herge replaced the blank pages with the re @ - @ - @ pages , thus bringing it up to the current 4 @ - @ page size . in the end , the crab with the golden claws , along with the ottokar ' s2 , was the first tintin book published in the united states , by the pocket books . however , casterman , working with the american publisher pocket books , made a number of changes : namely , the man whom tintin has captured and imprisoned in captain hook ' s cabin , as well as the man who freed him in the dungeon , could not be white , as depicted in the book ; these were changed to a white african and african american due to the american publisher ' s concerns about blacks and whites interacting socially . the original text was not altered , however , and it still refers to the man who freed him as a " pirate " . also by order of the publisher , scenes of pirates drinking rum from bottles of rum in the cellar and the boat were cut out , leaving only the text . the original editions also had their colour pages redrawn by herge to be more accurate , and they appear this way in many editions around the world . casterman published the original black @ - @ and @ - @ white versions of the story in 1980 , as part of the first volume of their first herge collection . in 1989 , they also published a color version of that first volume . = = book review = = herge biographer benoit peeters described the book as a " milestone " for the adventures of tintin and described the addition of hook as " a new story altogether " , one which " radically changed the tone of the series " . however , he wrote that it is hook ' s appearance which " makes this story more interesting " and that he is attempting to present the story as that character ' s life . the biographer jean assouline wrote that the cat with the iron teeth has " a certain charm " resulting from its combination of " humour and of nostalgia , for the french people , for their time in west africa . " john farr wrote that the addition of hook was the most " interesting " element of the book , giving the story " many artistic possibilities " . he also wrote that the animated sequences reflected the popularity of animation at the time , and that the influence of hollywood , in particular the work of alfred hitchcock , was evident in the story . authors @ - @ jean lofficier and jean lofficier described the story as " a black @ - @ white version of eye of the tiger " , another story of tintin which had been first published in 1934 . the novel the house of wax , whichtin ##tin and pirates " , and " french bandits , african slaves and , at the end , the discovery of a new pirate ship . " they also noted that overall , the story was " a turning point in herge ' s career " , because he wanted to return to a previous work for le soir , although as a result of this they felt that the french version of the story " looked dated " . noting that the inclusion of a french detective investigating arms smuggling in the story made little sense in the context of contemporary france , they ultimately gave the story three out of five stars . literary critic , @ - @ marie apostolides of columbia university , in his 2002 review of the crab with the golden claws , wrote that this story represents tintin ' s " triumphant entry into the world of human beings " as he has an " older brother " in france . he also noted that the repeated mention of crabs in the story was symbolic of homosexuality . in addition , he noted that there was a strong sexual subtext to spider and tintin , demonstrated by the two sex scenes ; in one , spider sees tintin with a wine bottle open at the mouth ( thereby representing an erect penis ) , while in the other , tintin discovers that he is trapped in the tub , with someone trying to insert a needle into him ( thereby representing anal sex ) . however , apostolides noted , in both , the characters are prevented from having their sexual intercourse . literary critic john mccarthy agreed with apostolides on this point , while noting what he saw as sexual references to these sex scenes . mccarthy also noted that in this story , the manner in which the accidental discovery of a tin can in a paris street draws tintin into the trap is reminiscent of the recurring theme of " tintin the pirate " repeated throughout the series . = = = = = in 1947 , the first tintin motion picture was made : the slow motion @ - @ marie - @ the crab with the golden claws , was produced by jean wilfried bouchery for director claude misonne . it was first screened at the paris olympia on 27 february 1947 for a number of invited guests . it was shown there only once , on 10 march of that year , before bouchery declared bankruptcy and returned to england . in 1957 , the french studio belvision animation produced a series of french - basedupon herge ' s original idea , adapting eight of the stories into a series of twenty well @ - @ animated episodes . the crab with the golden claws was the first animated story to be produced , being directed by greg goossens and written by greg , himself a well @ - @ comics fan who in later years would become the @ - @ - @ - @ magazine of tintin comics . in 1991 , a second animated series based upon the adventures of tintin was produced , this time as a collaboration between the french company animation and the american production company nelvana . adapting eight of the stories into a series of episodes , each five minutes long , with some episodes lasting ten minutes , the crab with the golden claws was the final story arc of the series . directed by stephane bernasconi , critics have praised the series for being " very faithful " , with episodes having been almost entirely taken from the stories of the original comic strips . a motion capture animated movie titled the adventures of tintin : the secret of the unicorn directed by steven spielberg and produced by peter jackson was released in the us on 30 september 2011 and in canada at the end of october 2011 . parts of the movie were adapted from the crab with the golden claws , the secret and the adventures of tintin and captain hook , the karaboudjan , the road to bagghar , and the treasure hunt ( although the story of the great bear was not adapted ) . a well @ - @ in . @ - @ related to the series was released in 2011 . = = = popular culture = = = the first character in the history of the simpsons homer simpson makes a sarcastic comment about himself , causing his daughter lisa to threaten him with " getting his tintins back " , whereupon bart holds a copy of the tintin and the crab with the golden claws to his mouth , promising he ' ll behave .