= l . a . m . b . = l . a . m . b . is a fashion line by american singer gwen stefani , the lead singer of the rock band no doubt . the company produces clothing and fashion accessories . it was founded in 2003 and made its runway debut in 2004 . the fashion line includes accessories including shoes , bags , jewelry and a doll called " baby . " the name is an homage of her first studio album love . angel . music . baby . the line was inspired by a variety of different styles , including chinese , japanese , russian and western styles . stefani comes from a family of musicians . this experience inspired her to create her own fashion line . the line gained popularity among women and was worn by celebrities such as teri hatcher , nicole kidman , paris hilton and stefani herself . the fashion line made its runway debut during the fall season of 2004 and achieved commercial success at new york fashion week in 2005 . it currently has an annual gross revenue of $ 100 million . the line , as well as the fashion show , was well received by critics and represented the beginning of her journey into the fashion industry . an original fashion line was launched by stefani called harajuku baby . in january 2014 stefani announced she would be developing an anime series that is based on the albums love , angel , music and baby . the series , kuukuu harajuku follows the harajuku lovers , known collectively as hj5 , as they fight crime and try to further their musical careers . = = = = = stefani first came face to face with fashion trends when she and her grandmother would make clothes for themselves when she was young . stefani came from a long line of designers , and often her @ @ - @ grandmother would make them . stefani designed many of the clothes she made herself during college . when she became pregnant and began to tour europe , she thought she lost her mind . then she met the designer andrea lieberman . lieberman introduced her to haute fashion trends . andrea lieberman became her fashion consultant and zaldy goco took over as the head designer . goco later parted ways with l . a . m . b . l . a . m . b . started out as a collaboration with lesportsac in 2003 . the name l . a . m . b . is an acronym which stands for love . angel . music . baby . , which is also the name of stefani ' s1 studio label . = = = = = the clothing line includes clothing , shoes , bags and a fragrance called " l " . the line started out as casual clothing for women . now the fashion ##s are available . the bags are produced by ska ##m llc , which was founded in 2003 by david erman , founder of l . a . m . b . as for the clothing products , l . a . m . b has been part of a separate clothing line . currently the company is tied up with another company , which is why the company website is closed . l . a . m . b partnered with black crown for the clothing line . stefani is expanding her clothing line for women to include jeans and shirts . l . a . m . b partnered with coty inc . for the clothing and with lesportsac for bags in 2003 . stefani went on to create a new line of bags with walsh and smith in 2006 . the bags include lesportsac ' s signature rip @ - @ stop nylon along with a variety of other custom nylon , leather , and synthetic fabrics . stefani continues to manufacture bags as well as rip @ - @ stop nylon for l . a . m . b . l . a . m . b . partnered with fashion brands for a line of women ' s clothing . the line consists of three products . l . a . m . b . products are moderately priced , with shoes priced $ 750 to $ 1100 , bags priced $ 750 to $ 825 , and bags priced $ 750 to $ 995 . = = = = = = = coty inc . signed a new licensing agreement with stefani , to design and produce products for l . a . m . b . john walsh , senior vice president , fashion brands , coty inc , said in a statement - " from the name to the product , to the unique scent itself , we will be working very closely with stefani to ensure that her unique scent reflects her unique beauty , grace and grace , " stefani said , " creating this fragrance is one of the most beautiful things a woman can do . " the fragrance of " l " was launched in october , 2007 at a mall in new york . stefani partnered with designer sarah smith to create the fragrance . stefani described the fragrance - " it ' s one thing you can do and one thing you can be proud of doing . i created it for myself - - it ' s such aput into the bottle . " the perfume is a blend of the scents of jasmine , sweet basil , cherry blossom , jasmine , rose , jasmine , jasmine , lemon basil , orange blossom , jasmine , vanilla , vanilla and vanilla . the perfume is available in 50 ml and 100 ml bottles . = = concerts and fashion shows = = stefani frequently refers to her clothing line in her songs , as part of the label ' s marketing campaign . stefani refers to her clothing line in her songs " wind it up , " " harajuku girl , " and " stronger " ( which also references the label ' s slogan , " i want you all over me , l . a . m . b . " ) . stefani is often seen wearing her signature clothing , especially when making public appearances . a mercedes @ - @ benz commercial directed by sophie muller was also used to promote the brand ' s products . l . a . m . b . b participated in the spring / summer 2006 , 2007 , and 2008 new york fashion weeks . stefani described her first collection , which debuted on october 1 , 2005 , as " a little bit of music , an afro , chola beat , some flowers , and a bit of the great gatsby . " the highlights of the collection were crystal balls made of glass . stefani ' s song " wind it up " made its debut and the models walked the runway . for spring / summer 2007 , stefani opted for a runway rather than a fashion show . the models , all with long blonde hair , wore clothes stefani said were inspired by michelle pfeiffer ' s role as elvira , in the 1983 film . the collection featured several of stefani ' s signature tracksuits and also included styles from italy , mexico , and spain . on september 1 , 2007 , l . a . b . b opened new york ' s spring / summer 2008 mercedes @ - @ benz fashion week . the collection " looked like the 1980s as worn by someone who grew up in the 1980s " and drew inspiration from stefani ' s ska ##nk . fashion week editor fern mallis said that the collection brought life and energy to the fashion show , which made stefani ' s collection a great success . = = positive reviews = = the collection was very well received by critics and stefani was praised for taking it seriously even though she is a celebrity . fern mallis of img praised the collection and stefani 'magazine and said , " the l . a . m . b . line is right at the top of these charts and is as beautiful and unique as gwen herself . " the shoes were well received by the media , although considered to be controversial . desiree stimpert of about . com said , " . . . these shoes aren ' t for everyone , but they will definitely appeal to fans of ms . stefani ' s style and fashion - sense . " tim goodman of entertainment weekly said , " l . a . m . b . ' s inspired tracksuits , beatles @ - @ inspired shoes , and beatles @ - @ inspired shoes touch the heart " nicole phelps of about . com said , " the style , which looked like the beatles were worn by people who grew up in the 1960s , was much more personal and on display . " fashion writer cathy horyn of the new york times agreed and said , " if ever there was a reason for a pop star to focus on her personal style , it was gwen stefani ' s fashion sense . " = = commercial success = = the line is sold in 275 countries worldwide and is worn by celebrities including teri hatcher , nicole kidman , kelly ripa , paris hilton , and stefani herself . l . a . m . b . have grown from $ 50 million in 2005 to a record $ 100 million in 2007 . according to a nordstrom article , the launch of l . a . m . b . ' s shoe line , which sold out in two weeks , was the company ' s most successful product launch ever . the company ' s designs have appeared in vogue , marie claire , elle , glamour and instyle .