= @ ness = fred ness ( pronounced @ - @ ness ) ; ( march 4 , 1918 – february 22 , 1998 ) was an american physicist . he was awarded the 1995 nobel prize in physics for his famous @ - @ discovery of the particle with john cowan in the manhattan experiment . he may be the only person in history " most closely associated with the detection of an elementary particle and the first systematic investigation of its physical properties " . a graduate of the massachusetts institute of technology and new york university , ness joined the manhattan project ' s los angeles office in 1944 , working in the physics section of richard teller ' s laboratory . he became a division leader there in 1946 . he participated in a number of nuclear tests , culminating in his becoming the director of the nevada nevada test site in the us in 1951 . in the early 1950s , working at hanford and chalk river laboratories , he and cowan developed the instrumentation and techniques with which they first detected the first elementary particle in june 1956 . he devoted the greater part of his life to the study of the particle ' s properties and properties , which eventually would dominate observations of the particle for many decades to come . this included the discovery of radiation produced in the universe by cosmic rays , and the 1987 detection of light emission from comet sn1987a , which launched the field of radio astronomy . = = @ life = = @ ness was born in newark , new jersey , one of three children of gussie ( cohen ) and samuel ness . his parents were jewish immigrants from the same town in poland , and they settled in new york city , where they were later married . he had an older sister , paula , who became a teacher , and two younger brothers , david and william , who became scientists . he said that his " early life was deeply influenced " by his jewish upbringing . he was the first @ - @ grandson of the late yitzchak yaacov ness , the founder of mizrachi , a religious zionist organization . the family moved to hillburn , new york , where his father owned the grocery store , and ness spent much of his childhood . he was an eagle scout . looking back , ness said : " my entire childhood was centered on this " american dream " and living in a typical american home , with independence on march 4 accompanied by patriotic and patriotic music played from a radio there ." he sang in the choir , and as a pianist . for a time he considered the possibility of a singing career , and was encouraged by a vocal coach from the metropolitan opera who arranged lessons for him because the family did not have the money for them . the family then moved to north bergen , new jersey , located on sunset boulevard and 57th street . because north bergen did not have a high school , he attended union hill high school in union hill , new jersey , from which he graduated in 1935 . from an early age , he had an interest in science , and enjoyed reading and studying physics . he later said that : the first spark of interest in physics that i had came during a moment of silence during church services , when , looking out of the window at light with the finger used to control a light , i noticed something strange about the light ; it was the phenomenon of light . that sparked for me my fascination with physics . initially , he enrolled in english and mathematics classes , but received moderate to poor grades in science and mathematics in his sophomore year of high school , although he excelled in those subjects in his junior and senior years with the help of a teacher who gave him a key to the school library . this cultivated a love of science in his senior year . in response to a question students had asked about what they wanted to do for his famous father , he replied : " to be a scientist someday . " he was accepted into the massachusetts institute of technology , but chose instead to attend stevens institute of technology in hoboken , new jersey , where he earned his bachelor of science ( b . s . ) degree in electrical engineering in 1939 , and his master of science ( m . s . ) degree in applied physics in 1941 , with a thesis entitled " a mathematical theory of electromagnetic wave propagation " . he married sylvia miller on june 22 , 1940 . they had two children , david and alisa . he then entered new york university , where he earned his doctor of philosophy ( ph . d . ) in 1944 . he studied cosmic rays initially under harold j . korff , and wrote his thesis under the supervision of richard h . rosen , " nuclear physics and the neutron ##s ##out of the box " . publication of the thesis was delayed until after the end of world war ii ; it appeared in physical review in 1946 . = = los angeles times = = in 1944 richard rosen recruited him to work in the physics laboratory of the manhattan project ' s los angelesberkeley , where he would remain for the next ten years . he joined mit ' s t @ - @ 1 ( physics research ) group , which was part of fu kung ' s physics ( physics ) group . he was an integral part of the physics study . in october 1946 , he became the group leader , leading the t @ - @ 2 ( theory of relativity ) group . an inventor of the " under the dragon ' s tail " experiment , the result was a device that could maintain a stable state for long periods of time , which could be used as a research tool and power source . he participated in a number of nuclear tests , and wrote papers on their effects . these included operation crossroads at bikini atoll in 1946 , operation crossroads at midway atoll in 1948 , and operation avalanche and operation boom – , at the nevada test site . in 1951 he was the leader of the first series of nuclear tests in the pacific . this were the first nuclear tests of intercontinental fission bombs , an important step towards nuclear physics . he studied the effects of these tests , and t @ - @ published a paper with john von neumann on rocket beam physics , an important feature of the nuclear shock physics . in spite or perhaps because of his participation in these nuclear tests , he was concerned about the possibility of air pollution from atmospheric nuclear testing , and was an advocate of atmospheric nuclear testing . in the aftermath of the suez crisis , he participated in sir archibald bell ' s project 137 , which evolved into manhattan . he was also a delegate to the atoms for peace conference in london in 1958 . = = properties of the nucleus and the inner ##vation of matter = = the nucleus is a hypothetical particle , proposed , by wolfgang born on january 1 , 1930 , to be the energy that formed during beta decay when it split into a proton and an electron so that the law of conservation of energy was not violated . enrico colombo called it the nucleus , short for " particle number one " , and in 1934 , published his theory of beta decay which proposed that the electrons emitted from the nucleus were produced by the splitting of a neutron into a proton , an electron , and a neutron : n0 → n + + n − + ν ₑ the nucleus accounted for the total energy , while einstein ' s theory suggested a nucleus with no electrons and an electric charge that would be difficult to detect directly . in a 1934 paper , rudolf born##erls and # ##el discovered that electrons could not travel through the universe , and that " there is no other possible way of understanding the universe . " in 1951 , at the beginning of the manhattan research project , they obtained permission from the director of physics division , dr . william brown , for a tunnel in order to test nuclear fission . he and his colleague john cowan wanted to see if they could test it . " but why did we want to test the new electron ? " cowan later said , " because everybody knew , you couldn ’ ##t detect it . " according to cowan ' s theory , there is also a possible decay process , in which a neutron combines with a proton to produce a neutron and a proton : ν ##0 + e + → n0 + e + the proton would then be absorbed by an electron and release a 1 @ . @ 51 mev gamma ray , while the neutron would be absorbed by a proton and release a 1 @ . @ 51 mev gamma ray . this would produce a radioactive signal that could be detected . they also discovered that simply adding molten sodium to their new scintillator to accelerate the neutron chain reaction , resulted in a 50 mev signal of gamma radiation . for the neutron detector , they suggested using an atomic bomb . permission for this was obtained from the laboratory director , john cowan . work began on building a tunnel for the tunnel when d . h . w . lawrence advised them to use a nuclear reactor instead of a bomb . although a less powerful source of radiation , this had the advantage of allowing for the experiment to be carried out over a longer period of time . in 1953 , they made their first attempt using one of the new reactors at the hanford test site in what is now known as the cowan – # # s . their equipment initially included 3 litres ( 66 imp gal ; 74 us gal ) of heavy water and a photomultiplier ##s , but the experiment was hampered by the radiation from gamma rays . with permission from john f . kennedy , they tried again in 1955 , this time using one of the new , larger 700 mw reactors at the berkeley nuclear laboratory that had a maximum neutron energy of 2 @ . @ . @ 1012 / cm2 ##² . they also found a large , 2 @ - @ test area 11 metres ( 36 ft ) from the reactor and 12 metres ( 39 ft) " . on december 22 , 1956 , they were able to send him a telegram stating that the neutron had been detected . when he was told that he had been proven wrong , he replied , " well , you shouldn ’ ##a believe everything you read in the telegram . " from then on he devoted the greater part of his career to the study of the neutron ’ its nature and properties , which later would provide observations of the neutron for other researchers to pursue . cowan left los angeles in 1957 to teach at george washington university , ending their collaboration . on the strength of his success in successfully studying the neutron , he became the chairman of the physics department of case western reserve university from 1959 to 1966 . at case , he led a team that was the first to detect particles trapped in the atmosphere as gamma rays . he had a beautiful voice , and had been a singer since childhood . during this time , while performing his duties as a physics professor and chairman of the physics department , he performed with the cleveland orchestra , under the direction of robert shaw in concert with george gershwin and the cleveland orchestra . in 1966 , he took most of his physics research work with him when he left for the new university of california , irvine ( uci ) , becoming its first professor of physical sciences . at uci , he turned the research work of some of his graduate students into the development of new radiation techniques , such as for measuring the radiation exposure to the entire human body and radiation therapy . he also volunteered for the task of determining the exact location of a nuclear explosion . nuclear explosions are rare , but cowan believed he would be fortunate enough to see one in his lifetime , and be able to measure the radiation emitted from it with his experimental @ - @ 000 detector . during his wait for the bomb to explode , he noticed variations in some of his own radio detectors , calling them " radio early detection devices " . in 1987 , signals emitted from the sn1987a were detected by the irvine – ・ – brookhaven ( imb ) project , which built the experimental @ , @ 000 ##0 cherenkov detector located in a coal mine in california . however , the detector detected only a few hundred events per second . the detector recorded 100 events in about 20 seconds . this detector is credited as pioneering the field of radio astronomy . in 1995 , he was invited ,jointly with william h . perl with the nobel prize in physics for his work with cowan in successfully introducing the neutron . however , cowan himself died in 1974 , and the nobel prize is usually awarded posthumously . he also received numerous other awards , including the j . robert boyle memorial award in 1981 , the national medal of science in 1985 , the luigi rossi prize in 1989 , the john – fritz prize in 1990 , the israel prize in 1992 , and the israel prize in 1992 . he was elected a member of the national academy of sciences in 1980 and a corresponding member of the california academy of sciences in 1994 . he was professor of physical chemistry at uci until 1974 , and became a professor emeritus in 1988 , although he continued teaching until 1991 , and remained on uci ' s faculty until his death . = = publications = = he died after a long illness at the university of california , irvine medical center , irvine , california , on january 1 , 1998 . he was survived by his wife and daughter . his papers are in the uci archives . cowan hall at uci is named in his honor . = = publications = = cowan , f . & c . l . cowan , jr . " on the physics of the free electron " , los angeles national laboratory ( lanl ) ( through predecessor agency los angeles scientific laboratory ) , united states department of energy ( through predecessor agency the atomic energy commission ) , ( june 1 , 1953 ) . he , f . , cowan , c . l . jr . , roberts , t . e . , jenkins , j . j . & m . e . wyman . " the free electron absorption cross section . part i . measurements of the free electron absorption cross section . part ii . absorption cross section from measurements of the free electron absorption " , los angeles national laboratory ( lanl ) ( through predecessor agency los angeles national laboratory ) , united states department of energy ( through predecessor agency the atomic energy commission ) , ( june 1958 ) . he , f . , gurr , h . l . , jenkins , j . j . & m . e . munsee . " nuclear physics at uci " , university of california @ - @ irvine , case western reserve university , united states department of energy ( through predecessor agency the atomic energy commission ) , ( august 1 , 1968 ) . he , j . , jenkins , t . , cowan , c . & f . cowan . " physics andreport of the dumand nuclear experiment : the earth as a neutron source " , the national physical laboratory ( fnal ) , united states department of energy ( through predecessor agency the energy research and development administration ) , ( october 1976 ) . smith , r . ( 1991 ) . physics and other fields : selected papers of robert j . teaneck , n . y . : world scientific . isbn 978 @ - @ 981 @ - @ 02 @ - @ 0392 @ - @ 02 .