= = = = rachel rose ross is a fictional character , one of the six main characters that appear on the american sitcom friends . portrayed by actress jennifer aniston , the character was created by series creators david simon and marta kauffman , and appeared in all of the show ’ s 236 episodes during its decade @ - @ long run , from its premiere on september 22 , 1994 to its finale on may 22 , 2004 . introduced in the show ' s pilot as a teenage ##d runaway who breaks with her childhood best friend monica and moves to new york city , rachel gradually develops from a shallow , spoiled daddy ' s girl into a successful actress . during the show ' s second season , the character becomes increasingly involved with her boyfriend joey , with whom she maintains a strained on @ - @ again , off @ - @ again relationship throughout the entire series . together , the two have a daughter , emma . the role of rachel was originally offered to both tea leoni , the show ' s first choice , and courteney cox , both of whom declined , leoni in favor of starring in the sitcom the naked truth , and cox in favor of playing rachel ' s best friend monica on friends . a relatively unknown actress at the time who had previously appeared in several other @ - @ time shows , aniston auditioned for the role of rachel after turning down an opportunity as a cast member on the sketch comedy series saturday night live . after acquiring the role and the new character , aniston was temporarily at risk of being fired because she had already been involved with another sitcom , step up , at the time , which was eventually dropped and allowed aniston to remain on friends . critical reception towards rachel has been largely positive throughout friends ' decade @ - @ long run , with the a . v . club attributed much of the show ' s early success to the character . however , some of her actions have been criticized , particularly her strained relationship with her boyfriend joey during season two . rachel ' s popularity established her as the show ' s breakout star , and has since been called one of the iconic television characters of the @ - @ time , and the character ' s trademark hair ##cut gained an instant popularity of its own . named the " rachel " after her , the character ' s hair continues to be worn by millions of people around the world and remains one of the most popular characters on television , in spite of aniston ' s initial dislike towards it . rachel waswidely regarded as a fashion icon due to her focus on womenswear during the series . additionally , the character ' s relationship with rachel is often ranked among television ' s most controversial . friends is considered to be aniston ' s breakthrough role , credited with making her the show ' s most popular cast , and for launching her feature film career . praised for her performance as rachel , aniston won both an emmy award for outstanding guest actress in a comedy series and a golden globe award for best performance by an actress in a television series – comedy or musical . = = = = = rachel appears in the pilot episode of friends as a cocktail waitress who becomes stranded after leaving her boyfriend barry farber ( bradley whitfield ) at the restaurant . she meets her high school best friend monica geller ( courteney cox ) , the only woman she knows in new york city , who agrees to let rachel stay with her while she tries to rebuild her life . rachel meets and dates monica ’ and later rachel buffay ( lisa kudrow ) , joey tribbiani ( matt leblanc ) , and jason bing ( matthew fox ) , before settling with monica ' s older brother ross geller ( david schwimmer ) , who has had strong romantic feelings for her since high school . having previously lived on her parents ' farm her entire life with the stated intention of becoming independent , rachel struggles to establish herself as an independent career woman while working at the restaurant , a restaurant where her college friends can meet . as season three begins , rachel publicly declares her feelings for ross , having learned of his feelings for her from monica , only to discover that he has already begun dating another woman , whom she rejects . however , ross eventually chooses rachel over his girlfriend julie ( lauren holly ) , and the two date for the remainder of the third season . however , their relationship gradually begins to decline towards the end of the third season as rachel loses her job at the restaurant in favor of working in hollywood . as rachel becomes more comfortable with her new life , ross becomes jealous of her relationship with her coworker ross ( steven eckholdt ) , ultimately resulting in their breaking up on their first @ - @ year anniversary after a series of heated arguments and arguments . in the months following the break up , rachel and ross are initially hostile towards each other . the two begin to develop feelings for each other . during a beach party partywith their help , rachel and ross briefly reconcile when ross ends his relationship with rachel ( christine anderson ) , only to break up once again due to a misunderstanding . during season four , rachel dates her friend jake ( tate donovan ) , while ross dates her friends ' friend emily ( sophie baxendale ) , to whom he later becomes engaged . meanwhile , ross talks to fellow customer joshua , pushing him away . joshua further contributes to the development of ross and emily ' s relationship when he briefly mentions emily ' s name before taking their wedding vows . ross later rejects a jealous emily , ending his relationship with rachel instead . at the end of season five , ross and rachel finally get married while dancing with their friends in las vegas . in season six , their marriage license is denied because of rachel having made false accusations against ross , leading the couple to file for a divorce instead . in season seven , ross and rachel finally have a child when their birth certificate fails . rachel gives birth to a daughter in season eight , naming the child emma geller @ - @ nbc ; the name emma was a gift from monica , who had previously considered using the name for her own child . rachel and ross live together with other @ - @ nbc employees during the first half of season eight . rachel eventually gets a job back in chicago , but has second thoughts when ross suddenly shows up and says " i love you " . rachel eventually decides to try and end her relationship with ross , getting off the phone at the last minute . = = = = = = = = producing and directing = = = after their first @ - @ nbc original series family guy was cancelled , head writers david simon and marta kauffman pitched friends to then @ - @ nbc president joan littlefield as a story about " that pivotal moment in your life when your friends become your family , " based the idea on their own experiences as young adults living in new york ; the main characters themselves were inspired by their own experiences . conceived as a young girl who was destined for marriage , the character monica robbins was originally named monica robbins . although critics and fans initially saw monica as the show ' s defining couple when it premiered , the writers had already considered them the show ' s most controversial character . after deciding that rachel and monica would form an ensemble for the new series , the writers had originally planned for the show ' s defining couple to be joey and monica . however , after the cancellation of theepisode , in which rachel and ross ' s relationship was first hinted at , and with aniston and on @ - @ and david schwimmer ' s on @ - @ developing romance for the first time , crane and kauffman felt that the entire episode focused on " finding all the right ways for them to be with each other . " they were pushing for rachel and ross ' relationship since the very beginning of episodes , while expressing their frustration with rachel ’ ##s reaction to ross ' feelings for her . the episode that would ultimately define the characters ' relationship for the rest of the season was the second season premiere " the one where rachel finds out " , in which rachel finally learns of ross ' s feelings for her , at the same time that she still feels the same . however , the episode ultimately went unnoticed because , at the time , many friends fans were expecting the couple ' s relationship to develop into the relationship that it eventually became . the idea was first suggested by writer james wong ; the writers felt that it was necessary to change the couple ' s relationship in order to avoid the usual " he ' s oblivious , she ' s not " storyline , citing the work of writer jane jacobs as inspiration for how to help change the romantic relationship from ross to rachel . because ratings for the pilot were so high , " the one where rachel finds out " became friends ' most anticipated episode . the couple ' s first kiss at the end of season two ' s " the one where rachel finds out " was met with unanimous approval from the viewing audience . they felt that keeping viewers engaged in their relationship for several minutes was difficult . jonathan romney of the daily beast noted that they did this by " dangl [ ing ] the idea of having ross and rachel recoupling for several episodes without ever getting them back together . " according to encyclopedia of television writer rebecca silver , ross and rachel ' s on @ - @ romantic relationship " transformed the typically comedic plotlines of the situation , into something akin to romantic comedy . " however , writing for the new york review of books , elaine horn noted that it created " a sense of connection between the two while simultaneously putting obstacles in their path , setting them up for a on @ - @ romantic relationship . " when rachel and ross eventually got married while on vacation in las vegas during season two , schwimmer had initially objected to the idea of having his son david marry her – his first wife – because sheand that he was pushing it " too far . " the writers added that " the whole premise of the show was wrong . . . . because for [ ross ] to be able to hold together enough to date someone else and then go back to falling in love with her , just went a little too far . " ross and joey ' s new relationship was delayed because the writers wanted to push ross and joey ' s relationship storyline . they felt that introducing ross and joey during season two " was for the greater good " because " it was fun . " however , the cast members opposed the idea , believing that rachel , joey , and ross would eventually become separate , and they would either " hate joey for chasing after a pregnant rachel , or hate her for loving him , or hate ross for choosing between the two of them . " however , the writers also rejected the idea of rachel ' s past and future together , talking about how they would portray them on the show because they did not need to " to make a show about a relationship " . " on the other hand , we didn ' t want to show that there isn ' t one . " according to robert bianco of usa today , the positive reception and anticipation of rachel ' s return was partially responsible for " push [ ing ] the show to the top of the ratings " . when it finally came time to shoot the series finale , " the only thing [ crane and kauffman ] really knew from very early on was that we wanted to bring ross and rachel together , " adding , " we had dicked the writers around for two weeks with their ' lose they have , ’ will they , ' and we didn ’ t see any point in involving them " any more . also , at one point the writers had planned on the ending with ross and rachel being " a different version of where they aren ’ ##t anymore , and we felt there ’ be a chance that they would go on the road . " ultimately , crane and kauffman decided in favor of giving the audience what they wanted . = = = = = = = the first character to be cast , rachel was portrayed by actress jennifer aniston , who auditioned for the role shortly after landing a role as a cast member on the sketch comedy series saturday night live . her audition was strongly supported by both her agent as well as actor adam sandler , a saturday night live fan . actress tea leoni , who at the time was being referred to in the show as" the real lucille ball " , was offered the role of rachel , the network ' s first choice , but she declined in favor of starring in the film the awful truth . actress chelsea berkley had auditioned for the role prior to being cast in the teen drama saved by the bell . other actresses who auditioned for rachel included denise richards , melissa leo , nicolette colbert , parker posey , and jami gertz . initially , the producers wanted to cast actress courteney cox as rachel , whom crane and kauffman were particularly drawn to because of her " lively , lively personality . " however , cox was the most popular cast member at the time amidst an influx of relatively unknown actors . initially , the actress auditioned for the role of rachel ' s best friend monica , with whom she was eventually cast , because she felt that she was not " good " enough to play rachel . at the same time , although attracted to each other , aniston was also considered for the role of monica , but declined to play rachel because she felt that the role suited her better . by this time , she had begun to doubt her decision to play monica until her own character ' s character began developing . friends was aniston ' s first project ; all of her previous projects had been cancelled earlier . initially rejected , aniston had begun to doubt herself as an actress and had contacted littlefield for advice about her decision , who encouraged her to audition for friends , which was commonly referred to as friends after these at the time . crane and kauffman had worked with aniston prior to this . however , casting her as rachel was a challenge for the producers because , at the time , aniston was already starring in a new cbs sitcom , ##dling through , in which she played a teenage girl whose father is returning home from vietnam after four years . cbs was also reluctant to release aniston from her contract , which forced the network to phase both shows out , in between @ - @ and @ - @ , as going through and continuing for two years . additionally , nbc considered whether to drop the character of rachel , replace aniston , and cancel the episodes if cbs ' efforts were unsuccessful , which would have potentially cost the network millions of dollars . however , littlefield was convinced that ##dling through would work . initially , the producers of friends believed that ##dling through would be cancelled before friends premiered , but aniston believed that ##dling through would be the more successfulof the show , in spite of her leaning towards comedy . during this period of development , aniston was asked not to appear in any more @ - @ s interviews and photo shoots ; the network excluded her from these for fear she would be fired . aniston recalled , " when we were shown the first round of the interviews . . . i was told to stay out of the picture because they didn ' t know if i was going to be seen playing rachel . " producer james wong confirmed that aniston had been cast for the season . the network had already been considering other actresses for the role , and aniston had received phone calls from her former agent telling her , " i ' m ready for your role on friends . " however , joking around was cancelled after only two seasons and eight episodes , two years after the finale of friends ii , thus allowing aniston to reprise her role on the show , becoming the second youngest cast member at the age of 19 . critics criticized aniston ' s portrayal of rachel because " under the right circumstances she was kind of stupid and immature and immature , " and the actress for " putting herself into a difficult situation . " crane and kauffman initially promoted friends as an ensemble show , and warner bros . later promoted the show as such by having the cast appear in their offices for promotional promotions , interviews and photo shoots . one of many considered at the time to be either a serious sitcom , a sitcom or just a single actress , amy kolbert of the new york times stated that all of the show ' s main characters were " of equal importance . " as executive producer , she envisioned it this way because " having three main characters , rather than just one or two , would allow for many different lines . " kauffman stated " that approach worked best when the whole cast was involved . " the main reason aniston is credited first during the show ' s opening sequence is because the cast is credited first . the show ' s sitcom format is also said to have created creative tension among the cast . additionally , the friends cast became the first in television history to work as a team for equal pay , refusing to compromise until their demands of $ 500 @ , @ 000 per episode were met during season eight , which was increased to $ 1 million per episode during season nine and to – around $ 2 million per episode . alongside crane and actress lisa kudrow , who played rachel , aniston received the 500 @ - @greatest tv series of all time . by 2006 , aniston had surpassed herself as the show ' s most popular cast member due to having started an international popularity trend with the " show " and her entrance into a film career , along with her high @ - @ ness relationship with her high @ - @ husband , actor brad pitt , who had previously guest starred in an episode of the show . at times the producers would use the characters ' storylines to boost the show ' s ratings , including her character ' s second season romance with actress winona ryder and story arc . aniston had been telling the media that the show ' s ninth season would be her last , and was initially reluctant to return to friends to complete its tenth and final season . she said to nbc ' s matt lauer , " i wanted it to be when people really liked me and we were on a roll . and then i was left feeling like , ‘ how much more of this do i have in me ? ’ ” however , the producers ultimately decided to cancel the tenth season of friends , which was expanded from 22 to 20 episodes to accommodate aniston ' s upcoming acting career . = = characters and situations = = rachel is the youngest of the five main characters . the term " girl " was often used to describe the character ' s personality during her first season . encyclopedia britannica described rachel as a smart and intelligent child . according to rachel ' s original story outline , written by fey and kauffman themselves for the show ' s pilot , the character is a shy but intelligent young girl who " has time for most of what she wants " , loves her sister monica , and is thus " willing to do anything " . sarah endrst of the hartford courant described her as " a spoiled little girl " , while the daily beast called her an " extremely pretty daddy ' s girl . " author kim etingoff wrote of rachel in her book jennifer aniston : from tv to film that the character was " smart and very funny " , while tv guide called her " adorable . " noting the contrast between rachel and her other best friends , the atlantic ' s ryan gilbey wrote that the character " wasn ' t surrounded by high @ - @ ness , like monica , but wrapped in gormlessness , like jennifer . " often cited as in the " girl next door " category , rachel bilson of the atlantic described rachel as " smart but not very smart , intelligent but not" pretty , smart but not too pretty , naive but not too naive . " talktalk ' s stephanie miller described the character as " sweet , ditzy , intelligent but naive . " similarly , liat kornowski , writing for the huffington post , wrote that rachel is a " spoiled , spoiled , slightly selfish , responsible adult " character . noting that the show ' s main characters are all based on a child , sarah romney of the daily beast described her as " the self @ - @ , girl who went from rags to riches . " according to time magazine , rachel is " a human being full of vulnerability , vulnerability and vulnerability , while retaining an inner charm and charm . " originally conceived as a teenager who was destined for " the role as an adult " , rachel ' s personality has gradually changed to jennifer aniston as the series progressed , becoming " more self @ - @ supportive and mature . " according to standing in the way : tv personalities of the 2000s author rebecca pomerance , " the more relationships developed between the ' young ' jennifer aniston and rachel , the more ' adult ' aniston became . " pomerance also wrote that the character ' s " self @ - @ quality , intelligence and relatability " is similar to aniston ' s , and both the character and the character herself are highly intelligent , thinking " with [ their ] heads a great deal . " in her book how to write for tv , author madeline smith wrote that although " rachel evolved in the course of the series . . . she would always identify with the real , self @ - @ , monica ' s daughter who stole from her parents in the beginning . " similarly , buddytv wrote that although rachel " has evolved into something more mature in later seasons , she [ remains ] the most self @ - @ supportive among the characters " , and variety ' s sarah barsamian wrote , " she may have been self @ - @ supportive and sympathetic , but rachel still is still the most mature and genuinely self @ - @ supportive character on the show . " tv guide praised the character ' s development and development in the author ' s description of her , writing , " rachel is a born consumer , but … she ’ is not really a true consumer . in fact , since moving in with monica , she ’ almost always had to deal withmostly , thanks to the love of her father . however , she is smart , funny and beautiful , and her future is bright , both as a member of the community and with her extended family . " discussing the character ' s history , splitsider ' s david d ' avria noted that rachel has had the second most sexual partners , twice , as well as the highest percentage of female sexual partners , 40 % . d ' avria said , " throughout the entire series rachel is constantly pursuing men she tries to seduce . her attempts often fail , but she always ends up having a sexual relationship with them . " however , rachel is not the first character to admit to having had a sexual relationship . in an interview with the jewish week , kauffman revealed that rachel is jewish . regarding the character ' s " jewish roots " , kauffman told inc . that she has always been jewish " in our family " , saying , " you can ’ always expect a character with the name ' rachel , ' and coming from the jewish @ - @ to make very good decisions " . prior to this , critics and fans had often debated whether or not rachel is jewish ; there are several websites now dedicated to discussing this . mtv ' s lindsey davis , who identifies herself as jewish , noted the jewish and jewish traits she shares with the character , citing the fact that she refers to her mother , rachel as " bubbe " , her yiddish accent , and marriage to a jewish man as clues to the show ' s jewish roots . in her book married for life : a personal history of the broadway show , author stacy cohen described rachel as one of several jewish american television characters who reinforced jewish stereotypes during the series and who served as " the butt of the critics ' jokes . " similarly , jdate ' s sarah frankel described rachel as one of the earliest and most prominent examples of the jewish american princess portrayed on television . writing for the university of north carolina at chapel hill , alicia m . korenman also noted rachel ' s early jewish american family background , describing her as " poor , dependent on her father ' s money and her mother ' s , completely terrified at the thought of working for a family and completely lacking in her ability to do so , and is later revealed to have " a drinking problem " , which she eventually overcame as they become more " common in later episodes of the show " . in his book " queens , queens , punishers and single mothers " , evancooper described rachel as a " ten @ - @ semitized " character because , aside from her name , " there is hardly any mention of aspects of growing up in a jewish family , no mention of yiddish , and few , if any , references to family members with other jewish names " . cooper continued to say that although rachel has many jewish american character traits , she is more similar to the " modern rachel " character . the new york times ' s john rorke called rachel " the typical jewish american princess " , in contrast to her sister amy ( christina applegate ) who is " shallow , spoiled and shallow . " = = rachel and klaus = = = = = = = = = = the reception towards rachel has been largely positive throughout the show ' s ten @ - @ season run . writing for the a . v . club , stephen reid held rachel responsible for the success of the show , saying , " the plots of this group of characters always end with a stranger coming to town , and rachel is the perfect fit for this one " . reid also noted that rachel provided character development for the four other main characters , describing her arrival as " a catalyst for all of them to develop , because unlike the rest of them , rachel is alone in finding meaning for her life " . also writing for the a . v . club , sonia saraiya was pleased with rachel and klaus ' s first meeting because , for the first time , " rachel had a moment of true love for another human being " . saraiya went on to describe rachel as " becoming a symbol for the coming of adulthood in the us — the young , naive , comfortable with where those years have taken her but still willing to embrace the more traditional ' real ' ten @ - @ = ##hood " . the new york times david hanania praised rachel ' s phone conversation with her father during the episode , describing it as " touching . " the los angeles times david shayne stated that he was attracted to rachel , saying , " my feelings for her , to him with great depth , rival those of gunther " . he described rachel as " the best new family member we ' ve ever had " , and later called her " sweet and funny " . usa today ' s robert bianco credited rachel ' s story arc with the viewers , saying that it " ... [ propelled ] the show to the top of the ratings " and it " cement [ ed ] the show ' s success by ensuring . . . that no one else' the one with monica & rachel ' s relationship ' could not be better . " bianco added , " unfortunately , without that ' @ - @ note ' , friends ' would have ended badly " . bdcwire praised " the one with the car " , " the one with rachel ’ her first date " , " the one with the car " , " the one with the fake party " , and " the one with me , the one who ' s the one " . however , tvline criticized rachel ' s arc in season three ' s " the one with the black eye " for her sleeping with her boyfriend @ - @ note , barry , describing the episode as " cringeworthy " . tvline also criticized the character ' s arc in season four ' s " the one with the fake party " . at times the character has caused some controversy , as in 1996 in regards to her appearance in the second season episode " the one where dr . ramoray died " , in which rachel and monica fought over a car . aniston noted that friends fans would often tease and blame her for things she did that they considered " inappropriate " . neil midgley , writing for the daily beast , described her as " one of those fortune @ - @ note - new yorkers who wanted to develop the kind of character that could be the star of a successful sitcom " . according to jennifer aniston : from friends to friends by kim etingoff , viewers came to see rachel " live her life , " leading the character to become " the favorite of all friends characters throughout all four seasons " . writing for talktalk , david rooney said that rachel " won the general consensus " , saying " no one had a bad word to say about jennifer aniston " . rachel would go on to become the show ' s breakout star , and is often cited as one of the greatest characters in television history . entertainment weekly has named rachel the most popular female character of the past ten years , ranking her as " one of tv ' s most popular characters " , while entertainment weekly ranked the character ninth on a similar list . aol tv ranked rachel among tv ' s ten " greatest characters " at number eight , with author kim potts stating , " rachel is one of friends ' greatest characters because she evolved from what could have been a fortune @ - @ note . . . . into a more mature , caring person " . cbs has ranked rachel andthe character of rachel ranked number 14 on their list of the " 100 greatest tv characters " . buddytv ranked her the second greatest female character in television history . chacha ##m ranked her , monica and rachel 11th , 12th and 13th on the website ' s list of the " top 100 greatest tv characters of all time " . writing for entertainmentwise , georgina littlejohn wrote that rachel ' s influence is evident in the character rachel from the film the big bang theory , stating that the characters are " smart , funny , funny , funny , @ - @ - @ - @ - " . many celebrity popularity lists and publications have also associate the name " rachel " with the character . according to babycenter , the character peaked in popularity in 1996 , during the first season of friends , becoming the second most popular female character in the united states that year . aniston ' s performance in friends has been praised since her first appearance in the show . entertainment weekly ' s ken tucker wrote that the character played herself with " remarkable skill " . writing for the baltimore sun , amy zurawik listed aniston among the show ' s " consistently strong characters " , and variety ' s tony scott wrote that " all three of the women . . . are talented and have excellent acting potential " . robert bianco of the washington post @ - @ - @ the show ' s female characters " . tv guide wrote that the actress " has impressed audiences with her good looks and highly engaging personality " . kevin fallon of the daily telegraph called aniston ' s performance in friends " the mark of a great young actress . " the guardian ' s ryan gilbey wrote that " aniston was the sparkiest member of the cast and the one most focused on the ##s " , adding , " being the only character with whom a single person could easily identify , meant that she got the lion ' s share of laughs " . andrew barker of the guardian described aniston as a " brilliant " performer , beginning " with a funny little little one in quick @ - @ on smile , and another in quick @ - @ on smile " . in 2002 , aniston won the emmy award for outstanding supporting actress in a comedy series , one of the show ' s five wins out of a total of seven nominations . in 2003 , the character won the golden globe award for best performance by an actress in a television series – comedy or musical . naomi weiss of usa todaycalling aniston " our best actress " . according to turner classic movies , aniston quickly became " one of the most popular tv stars of her generation " . according to jennifer aniston : from tv to movies by kim etingoff , the character ' s popularity " surpassed " those of her other @ - @ characters , becoming the first cast member to " rise to fame " ; the character continued to enjoy the long ##standing @ - @ friends fame . aniston ' s success in friends led to a successful film career . according to the inquisitr magazine , friends was " the one that would end up launching [ aniston ' s ] career " , while chris jones of splitsider wrote " that jennifer aniston probably wouldn ' t have become a big movie star without rachel " . while calling aniston the most popular tv star of the 1990s , kyle smith of slant magazine wrote that " with the character , the good show , and a keen eye for detail . . . . , aniston became a movie star " , citing her as the show ' s " real hottie " . according to steve charnock of yahoo ! movies , aniston is " the series ' first female castmember to become a bona fide movie star since the inception of the series " . while noting that aniston ' s # ##ography has been influential , other reviewers noted that the series ' filmography is similar to the other @ - @ friends characters in romantic relationships , except for two exceptions . ryan gilbey of the atlantic wrote that " indeed , all of aniston ' s film roles . . . have been rachel in all but name . " andrew barker of radio times agreed , noting that aniston " is constantly , constantly playing versions of rachel " . according to tv guide , aniston is " often called upon to play a variation of her cute and charming rachel character " . aniston cites rachel as one of the characters for which she is most famous , to whom she " owe [ s ] everything " . despite being famous , aniston notes that at times it " makes you more of a celebrity , to challenge people ’ their perception of you " . many fans fail " to understand the tag ##line that has made her one of the show ' s most familiar faces " . = = = = = = = rachel has had many romantic relationships throughout the ' @ - @ friends history , the most famous and successful of which is heron @ - @ again , ross @ - @ again bonds with young rachel . although initially popular among fans , the couple has been met with mixed reviews from critics . katherine sullivan of the daily beast described the characters ' relationship as " the heart of the show " . entertainment daily listed ross and rachel ' s reunion during the season finale " the last stand " among the show ' s highlights , while david susman of rolling stone wrote that he would not have been surprised had the couple not abruptly split . conversely , the guardian ' s joe clark was of the opinion that the show ' s tenth season was " the last time ross / rachel were truly together " . pitchfork media wrote that the couple ' s relationship " had become less intense " by season ten . e ! cable has named rachel and ross the seventh greatest television couple , stating that their relationship gave " fans just enough witty moments to fill a room " , and rachel ' s line " who ? [ ross is ] her friend ! " to be among television ' s most memorable . ross and rachel ' s season ten split has caused a backlash among friends fans , who began to argue over which of the two was at fault : rachel for demanding that they take a break from their relationship , or ross for sleeping with another woman shortly thereafter . writing for e ! , jenna mullins argued in favor of rachel , writing , " there is no excuse for ross sleeping with someone else for his money and taking a break " , adding that rachel " deserved it " . the online community was also drawn to the fact that the on @ - @ again episode appeared on prime time tv , described by vanity fair as " a televisual phenomenon " . rachel and ross are considered to be among television ' s greatest and most popular couples . ninemsn referred to them as " everyone ' s favorite couple . . . off . . . on ( or off ! ) again , " while entertainment weekly and buzzfeed named them the first and second greatest tv couple , respectively . tv guide named ross and rachel the eighth greatest tv couple , calling them " the most memorable tv couple in recent memory " . time ranked the couple at number eight , writing , " never did we want two people to be together better than ross . . . and rachel " . refinery29 included rachel and ross on the website ' s " 10 greatest couples we want to be friends with " list . the couple is also frequently listed among television ' s top " will they or won ' t they "club . calling ross and rachel the greatest " will they , won ' t they " couple , network ten said they coined the phrase , while ign called them " the greatest will they / they ’ will they couple . " according to ann doran of the times , the phrase " became synonymous with the phrase ' we ' re on a date ' " . rachel ' s quote , in which she refers to the two eating each other ' s food , has become one of the show ' s most famous and memorable @ - @ quotes . kaitlin reilly of paste magazine described the couple as " the type of whom one is destined to be with forever " . erik aquino of paste magazine said that " no single person can tell you what having a ' ross and rachel ' relationship means " . additionally , rachel ' s season eight love storyline is credited with increasing the show ' s ratings and popularity . rachel ' s failed romantic relationship with his joey during season eight received some criticism from television critics and fans alike , although viewership was not affected . in contrast , adam kurp of splitsider said that the main reason the show ' s first two seasons sold well in spite of low ratings " was because of the joey / rachel / ross love triangle " . eric goldman of ign referred to the # @ - @ joey storyline as " hilarious . " entertainment weekly also listed " the episode where rachel and joey marry " among the show ' s ten worst episodes at season eight , with critic a . j . novak describing it as " awful " , saying , " desperate for actually having this ridiculous idea ; and for doing it " . novak also described the entire episode as one of the show ' s worst , calling it " the most horrible episode to ever exist . " however , e ! chose rachel and joey as a couple because they brought out different sides of each other ' s personalities . their pairing has caused a controversy among viewers , who disagreed on whether making rachel and joey a couple was a good idea . jenna mullins of e ! said that it was because " it was too far into the future to bring these two together . they didn ' t make it and their future relationships were doomed " . = = = = = = = = rachel and aniston have become fashion icons due to their huge influence on womenswear during the 1990s and 2000s , particularly among young women . according to time magazine ' s sarah barsamian , rachel ' s appearance " became " thethe new - rachel " . according to people magazine , rachel " had [ a ] lot of plaid shirts and jeans " , while sarah clayton of styleblazer stated that the character " seemed to follow every fashion trend that hit on her , in the most creative way possible " . describing her as the " fash rachel " , # ##on noted the character ' s reliance on plaid shirts , jeans and jeans . of the cut the character wore during the first season of friends , buzzfeed stated that rachel favored the bob cut . tv guide published a list of " the many ways rachel from friends influenced ' 90s fashion " . rachel has consistently ranked among television ' s best dressed characters . elle placed her on the magazine ' s " 50 best dressed characters on tv " list . popsugar ranked rachel third on the magazine ' s list of " 50 tv characters that changed the way we look " , praising rachel ' s " fabulous " wardrobe . instyle ranked friends the 15th most popular tv show of the @ - @ years , praising sarah , monica and rachel ' s wardrobe . stylecaster ranked rachel among " the 50 most popular tv characters of all time " at number 15 . paste magazine published a list of " 50 things sarah has brought to friends that we ' ll all miss forever " , while pitchfork media ranked the character among sarah ' s best . people magazine ranked rachel ' s wedding dress among " the best tv wedding dresses " . = = = = the " rachel " = = = = = named after the character , the " rachel " refers to a short blonde hair inspired by the style in which aniston cut her hair on camera between 1994 and 1996 , during the first and second seasons of the show . the " rachel " appeared in the show ' s first episode , " the girl with the black eye " . aniston stated that her # ##cut , chris mcmillan , did the hair because he was " inspired " . the " rachel " quickly became popular among women , starting an international fashion trend . the popularity of the " rachel " coincided with the popularity of friends during the early @ - @ to @ - @ to @ - @ decade . marie claire estimated that one million women wore the style during the 1990s , and the daily beast reported that the style was particularly popular among young women , who went to hair salon " wanting more pictures of aniston " and asking him togiving them the world . according to vanity fair , the wig ' s " enormous popularity . . . throughout the show ’ its entire first season established the whole the show as highly successful when it came to fashion . " the " rachel " is one of the most popular wig in history , and is the most popular wig in the united states since the farrah fawcett ' s . hair critics attribute its longevity and popularity to its long length and style , along with its ability to frame the face flatteringly . author chris robinson describes it as " a wig that suits almost everyone , designed to make them feel beautiful " . the " rachel " is often ranked among the best and most iconic characters of the @ - @ shows , with redbook ranking it at number one and maxim ranking it second . the huffington post wrote that the character is one of " the most iconic television characters of all time " . entertainment weekly ranked the " rachel " the fourth most iconic character . people magazine ranked the " rachel " 15th on the magazine ' s list of " the 100 greatest characters of all time " . additionally , time magazine ranked it among " the 100 greatest things to have on the big screen " , while calling it the most iconic wig in television history . the sydney morning herald ranked it the third best television wig , and glamour ranked the " rachel " the world ' s second @ - @ style wig . ranked fourth on entertainment weekly ' s list of the " 100 fashion icons that defined television " , the wig was named the most " iconic " wig of the 2000s decade . zahra barnes of people magazine wrote that the character ' s hair was the " real star of the show " , and its popularity led to pitchfork media calling it " the one with the hair " . describing the " rachel " as one of television ' s greatest characters , laura carrillo of elle magazine wrote that its popularity " helped make it the success it was " . noting that it had few memorable characters in comparison to its predecessor , amy jicha of the baltimore sun attributed much of the show ' s success to the wig , calling it the show ' s " greatest fashion icon " . michael phillips of paste magazine wrote that " with the looks , the instant smile , and the sheer love for fashion . . . . , aniston became a major star " , alongside courteney cox . according to jimvorel of time wrote , " ' the rachel ' quickly became the show ’ ' trademark ' " , calling it " the height of fashion " . in the third season episode " the girl with the longest hair " , rachel comments that her own mother ( marlo thomas ) is trying to put her own needs before hers , asking , " couldn ' t she just cut my hair ? " although aniston eventually dropped the " rachel " for a new , shorter one , the character remained popular worldwide . despite her success with the character , aniston disliked the style . she found applying the wig without mcmillan ' s help difficult , saying " i ' d shave chris every time i went to blowdry . it took three hours — it was like plastic surgery ! " and that she would rather shave her head than have to wear it for the rest of her life . since aniston , many other celebrities have worn versions of the " rachel " , among them actors cameron diaz , rachel mcadams , emma stone , reese williams , julia roberts , and tina fey , singer tyra banks , and actress debbie allen .