The wireless system, since the last years, has faced the difficulty of transmitting information reliably and reliably at high speeds. To overcome this difficulty, the channels have often been implemented in the form of Turbo Codes, which have the ability to re-encode errors even at low frequencies. In the past few years, wireless communication systems have always faced the problem of providing reliable information at high speeds. These systems have often relied on Transmitting Channel Codes, which have excellent error correction capabilities, even at low speeds. However, since the Turbo Codes are quite complex, they are usually implemented in the form of Parallelized Turbo Codes. However, because of the high computational complexity of the Turbo Codes, so-called as SPpr(l)r , a high-throughput structure is needed, so that it may support multiple Standards. Thus, along with the Frequency, the Frequency, and the Frequency, the Frequency, must also be synchronized, and this has been suggested by the Network on Chip (NOC) approach. For this purpose, the Network on Chip (NOC) approach is proposed to connect a wide variety of turbocoders, enabling them to support multiple Standards, thereby achieving both Frequency and Frequency. and in -uo ind - i ra ind - three main routing algorithms are introduced, whereas in -uo ind - the turbo noc framework is described. - i ind - v -d - geometry - the analysis of the requirements and characteristics of a parallel turbo decoder architecture is analyzed, whereas in -uo - geometry the noc based approach is introduced - in section - ra three main routing algorithms are introduced, whereas in section - tnoc - the turbo noc framework is described. - in this work the detailed study of noc based turbo decoders, which is conducted with a dedicated noc simulator, is presented. In the following, - in section - system analysis the requirements and characteristics of a parallel turbo decoder are analysed, while in section - geosimulation the geosimulation is introduced. - in section - geosimulation three main routing algorithms are introduced, while in section - geosimulation the geosimulation framework is described. - in section - geosimulation the geosimulation architecture is described, section - results is presented, and section - concl - draws some conclusions. " Expressed in this manner, 'eight' is a function of the permutation law, 'eight' or 'tie', which has been employed by the encoder in the encoder. Thus, the time needed to complete the decoding is directly proportional to the number of clock cycles needed to complete a half-iteration. Let us suppose that 'eight' is as in 'eight', 'eight' is the number of iterations required to complete a half-iteration, and 'eight' is the number of iterations required. The minimum number of iterations needed to meet xmath22 can be estimated by 'eight' ('eight') for some asip architectures that are in the literature. Thus, the decoder throughput expressed as the number of bits decoded over the time required to complete the decoding process is expressed in math16, math12 is the total number of trellis steps in a data frame, math13 is the number of trellis steps processed by each siso, math14 is the siso output rate, namely the number of trellis steps processed by each siso in a clock-cycle, and math15 is the latency of the connection. the internal architecture of the siso tends to increase with the complexity of the code. Thus several conditions can also increase the width of the width of the width, for example: the interconnection structures with larger widths of width; the two higher widths of widths; the three higher widths of widths; the five lower heights of widths; the number of ssp algorithms are most successful. As a consequence, several conditions can also increase the width of widths; namely: 1 ) connection structures with larger widths of widths; 2 ) higher widths of widths; 4 ) higher widths of widths; 5 ) higher frequency; the results in table 1 are: 1 . the routing memory overhead of the asp-ft algorithm (see fig. [fig. 1] (b) becomes more important, since xmath14 decreases, and ssp solutions become more advantageous mainly for xmath32 and xmath33. This generalized kautz topology, corresponding to xmath 34, is always the best solution to achieve high throughput with low overhead. . . . . sent> , h - honeycomb, t - toroidal mesh, k - generalized kautz with the corresponding @xmath34 value (k2 , k3 , k4). In fig. , significant results extracted from the table [tab: wimax] and [tab: mhoms] are shown in graphical form. As a result, generalized kautz topologies with @xmath38 (k4) are always the best ways to achieve high throughput with low overhead (see fig. ). The interesting phenomenon that occurs when the number of interrupts increases is the degree of saturation in the table [tab: mhoms] of the @xmath41 and asp - ft routing algorithms, implemented as in fig. - (c) and d) for the circular shift interleaver, @xmath38) . . . . and a location memory (lm) for certain important cases is given in Table 2. The highest / light grey: the highest / mid / dark gray; and the lowest / dark gray: the corresponding number of points in Table 2—Lm 2015; and the code level in Table 3 is based on a time factor of two. In this work, a general framework is introduced for the design of turbo decoders. The proposed framework is capable of exploring various topologies, degrees of parallelism, message injection rates, and routing algorithms. In fact, according to the targets of the system, different parallelism levels, message injection rates and routing algorithms may be employed to minimize the overhead of the network. a. giulietti, l. v. derperre, and m. strum, prove that parallel turbo decoders can achieve high throughput with only limited complexity . . . in iee international conference on electronics, circuits and systems - 2002 - p. 10991102 - a , m. j. thul, f. gilbert, and n. . . . The Europsia international conference on information and communication technology: from theory to application . . . o . muller, a. baghdadi, and m. jezequel , : partial decoding and convolutional turbo decoding, ' in ' ieee international conference on information and communication technology: from theory to application . . .' in ' design, automation and test in Europe -