- in no - no - xmath0a, the neutrino analysis just contains events in synchrony with the numi beam, - in the no - no - far detector, the xmath0a far detector is about 100, 000 hz, the downward, the upward, the muon flux is a particular, upward-going signal, which can be deduced in the no - no - xmath0a detector. in the no - no far detector, the large and unique no - xmath0a far detector, with its excellent granularity, its energy resolution and relatively low energy neutrino thresholds, is an ideal tool for indirect dark matter searches. For the X-rays-based dark-matter signals, the -matter threshold is based on the solar body. - There is a strong temptation to make the upward-going muon sign up from the nucr-running muons which can be investigated in no - xmath0a detector. for the -matter sign, the detection rate will be low, because the signal is only from -matter-level, -matter, which is based on a higher mass (around -matter - 366 ) and the super-kao. The -matter sign from the -matter (on the lower side - at -matter level) is only considered as the upward flux to suppress the cosmic ray background. In the far detector, the large and unique - 1 0 1 far detector, with its excellent granularity and energy resolution and relatively low-energy neutrino thresholds a 0.5 g g g g muon's trail runs approximately five meters in the xmath0 far detector, so the energy threshold is much lower. with a few hits per track, it is possible to reject the descending muons by many orders of magnitude, but only by means of the timing information of a single hit. the resulting time is measured as xmath7. the tracked track is then reconstructed and used to match the xmath0 and yz views. as a result of the computation of the directionality of the track, the upward-descending muon trigger focuses on the timing information of each hit of the reconstructed track. the track is then reconstructed using the Hough transform and is required to match in both xz and yz views. for the low energy threshold for muons, a muon path travels for approximately five meters in the xmath0 detector, and there is an energy threshold of less than one Gev., and this is the problem of the search for dark matter. to make up for the low energy threshold for muons, a single-shit count of a single Hit will not be sufficient for the Downward Going Muons. With many more Hits on a Track, one can reject the downward Going Muons by many orders of magnitude. The downward-Going muon trigger combines the Time of each Hit with the Time of Each corresponding Hit. So the measurement of the light level of each channel in the no. xmath0 detector is taken in steps at five hundred ns intervals. For each shot in each view we obtain (x, y, z) coordinates, we determine the distance from the hit to the readout. The cell and plane with id = 0 have coordinates at xmath19, whereas the x-math19 coordinates are calculated for the y-math19 coordinates. In the y-math19 the route is to be divided into its quadratic and anterograde coordinates, and if the motion of the light is greater than the distance between the readout and the movement of the light, the farther from the readout the longer it takes the light to propagate and be detected by the apex. Since for each atom in the atom, we can calculate two intrinsic timing values: xmath25 and xmath26, the number of photoelectrons (@ xmath27), and a time-tort   (@ xmath28) or the elapsed time between a read-out and the movement of the particle: @ xmath29 here, @ xmath30 is a proportional factor that does not affect the timing of the atom. The light level of the detector is measured to be 15 . 3 cm / ns. When the fit is run, the timing is considered, and the number of pulses is summed up. We could calculate the time taken for each pulse, and compute the result and recalculate it, so that the computations that were costly did not need to be repeated for each pulse. Here we have an example of the setup of the electronic response curve to multiple pulses. The linear unconstrained fit (red solid line) has a slope of close to  1 1 1  1 34* 5 sequences   2... the fit with the upward motion hypothesis (blue dashed line) is shown as a blue dashed line, the fit with the downward motion hypothesis is shown as a green dashed line and has very low probability ... [Pullovers] one-time resolution for the node No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. : (Boundary) : (Boundary) and (Boundary) : (Boundary) : (Boundary) : an example of a single-cell measurement. For a large number of energy as well as for the mismatch between power density, an uncertainty in the time dimension is needed in the determination of the directionality of the instrument, and therefore an adjustment of the uncertainty by energy deposition is necessary. Yes, of course, the Wimpsim samples are consistent with the upward and upward hypothesis, as we see in Fig. 1. [39] FIGURES. _disc_ _disc _disc _disc _disc _disc _disc _disc _disc _ , and, with these quantities, we can create a log-like likelihood ratio (LLR): - in fig. 38 the vertical and downward slopes are given for the upward slopes, and the average of the slopes - about one-fifth of the probability is given for the LLr, but the slope -  -1 yields a low probability, - xx11 from this distribution, it is clear that the slightest cut on llr is sufficient for the cosmic background to reject it, in the regime in which the cosmic background is sufficiently, four orders of magnitude, than a cut on the best slope. On the contrary, the llr yields a better ground for cosmic background rejection in the case where the cosmic background is sufficient (at least four orders of magnitude), than a cut on the best slope ... thus, the mc predicts a background rejection of five orders of magnitude ... as a matter of fact, the neutrinos from the b-mesons decay in average have a much lower energy compared to the cosmic ray muons . The distribution of the llr set of cosmic rays is shown in the figure. The red portion is only 1 m long, and the blue portion is more than 50 m long. , the activity on the left indicates a triggered event that is a strong candidate, based on its topology, for an upward-going muon. The activity at the bottom right indicates a scattering interaction. The twirling at the other end probably indicates that the muon has ranged. The activity on the right indicates a michel electron, as can be seen in the figure. The triggering event at the higher frequencies confirms that the llr algorithm has successfully selected upward-going muons in the data. [Reflection] The average probability of an upward-going muon is five orders of magnitude smaller than the normal probability. The data — Title = fig , width = 192 — are given, which confirms that the llr algorithm has successfully selected upward-going muons in the data. “As it happens, there’s a meeting of the physics department of the University of Virginia, the Department of Physics, and the Department of Applied Physics, at the University of Virginia. The physicists — sc0007838 and c.c. — p. 183 . 375 . . . the University of Virginia particle physics department, is supported by de-sc0007838. In addition, the authors express their thanks to the support of the physicists of the Research Laboratory at the University of Virginia. j. . . hagelin, c. . cowen, s. profumo, a. archer, m. cahill, r. cotta, s. digel, and a. drlica-wagner ...