As a matter of fact, in the context of two-particle transfer reactions, we have studied the problem of the collective pairing modes at high excitation energies, with the aim of proving the potential advantage of using a new beam to strengthen the excitation of such modes at xcite. in this sense we have made a number of observations about this phenomenon in the 1970s, with the mention of the giant pairing resonance, and its description in a number of papers @xcite. a specific mode of association, associated with the vibrations of the number of particles, has been predicted in the 70s, under the name of giant pairing resonance, and has been analyzed under the name of giant pairing resonance in the middle of the 80s in several papers. In the past we have used the navet rpa of lead and bcs - rpa of tin, as the paradigmatic example of normal and superfluid systems, and have derived the cross-section of some millibarns, dominating over other types of nuclei. to many aspects of two-particle transfer reactions we have refered in particular to a recent review of the two-particle transfer process . . . What follows is a graph of the situation in Fig. 1 (Figure 1 (Section 2) in which we have depicted the setting in Fig. 1 (Section 2): the hamiltonian with a dominant strength of the engagement reads: @xmath8 where @xmath9 dissipates a pair of particles coupled to @xmath10 angular momentum. From this graph the pair transfer strength is calculated, that is, the proportion of each state @ xmath13 that is associated with the total energy in the zone at the bottom of the major shell. It is expected, also, that the agitation of a pair of particles of @xmath7 energies occurs. For normal nuclei, the hamiltonian with a monopole strength applies: @xmath8, where @xmath8 eliminates a pair of particles connected to @xmath10 total angular momentum. Moreover, for the open shell nuclei, the addition of a pair of particles of the same energy as @xmath6 must have a high degree of collectivity. For the non-normal nuclei, the hamiltonian with a monopole strength reads: @xmath8, where @xmath9 destroys a pair of particles in contact with xmath10 total angular momentum. We have studied two isotopes of calcium, which are closed shelled. This is an important effect, owing to the different structure of the nuclei, as well as to the fact that the combination is more glimmering than the nuclei of normal and superfluid systems. Our work is carried out with the simple arguments, and much more foundationally than the normal, as evident from Table [ta1] ... Comparison of the position of the gpv in our calculation and the Broglia and Bes estimation. In the course of the calculations we have taken as a reference a number of analogous results with other common targets. 4 pc—10 pc—4 pc—in the pcc and pc sense (this is where the weight of the curve is to be calculated). In the case of the parallel shells of calcium, which have a closed shell, we can see some enhancement in the case of the more cis-core of the cis-core. We show also the situation of the pcc at xmath19zr, which is much more fragmented and which makes the identification of the pccv much more difficult. The last results of the four reactions are presented in Figure 2: a cross-section corresponding to the cross-section given above have been shaded in order to give a sense of the relative magnitude of the transition between the two modes of energy, and the gpvs. a dangerous beam is available (or will be available in the very near future) in many radioactive ion beams in the world, and the calculations that we have just presented could permit one to plan future experiments to study the not yet completely unraveled role of the two-way interaction in the common nucleus, using new weakly bound nuclei as useful tools. Xiu s r . . . . in the western part of the sky w1i a" 'A" and b "a' , in the right side a' and b'; the pair as a whole are extremely hard to move to the ground. f . . . a"et al. p . , 1988) ... the author thanks Andrey V. vitturi, Hugo Sofia and Wolfram von oertzen for various aspects of theoretical and experimental nuclear physics. — [p. 3] — 2349, (preliminary — c. h. dasso and g. pollarolo, pl. 1552231985 — c. h. dasso and a. vitturi, prl 596341987 —