Xcite, a liquid argon detector is an interesting device, because it has the possibility of making accurate measurements of a large class of interactions with neutrino, from the mev energy to multi-gev events. Xcite, the Argoneut experiment has recently reported a measurement of the muon radiated current (cc) flux, with the average differential cross section from xmath to xmath, at an energy of up to 50 gev., which he has confirmed in the present experiment. It is the argoneut experiment which has shown the validity of this experimental method, and which, hopefully, will be available in the future. For the further understanding of neutrino phenomenology, the reduction of uncertainties in the early experiments of neutrino physics is necessary. In recent years various calculations of neutrino - nucleus cross sections have been presented in xcite and will be presented in the future xcite. in the last decade many results on neutrino phenomenology have been presented by different collaborations and a phenomenological extension of the standard model has been proposed, which involves three varieties of neutrino mass states, which cover the three varieties of neutrinos. This measurement of the muon neutrino fluxes charged current - averaged cross-section is necessary to obtain a complete kinematical determination of neutrino - nucleus scattering and an excellent understanding of neutrino - nucleus reactions are necessary to interpret experimental measurements. The Argoneut experiment has proved the validity of this experimental method, and fortunately new data will be discovered in the future sent> has made for a good deal of discussion. The experimental cross section is usually underestimated by the relativistic fermi gas model and by other more sophisticated models based on the impulse approximation xxxxiv, provided the nucleon axial mass xxxxiv is much larger than the world average value of 1  104 gev / xxxiv. This is another indication that an accurate understanding of neutrino-nucleus cross sections is necessary in order to understand the effects of the reaction. A careful study of all nuclear effects and of the relevance of multinucleon excitations and of some non-nucleonic effects xxiv will prove useful in a deeper understanding of the reactions. More particularly, the experimental cross section is usually underestimated by the relativistic fermi gas model and by other more sophisticated models based on the impulse approximation xcite, if the nucleon mass  xmath3 is increased significantly above the average value of 1 . . . . in the models of xcite the multinucleon excitations are considered sizable and able to bring the theory in agreement with the experimental cross sections without increasing the value of xcite  . The role of two-body currents compared to the ia models has been discussed in xcite. At this point, the differential treatment of fsi is needed, where all of the final channels are retained and the total flux, although redistributed between all channels, is preserved. Different relativistic methods have been used to describe fsi in relativistic calculations for the interjection of aqueous electrons and neutrino-nuclear particles, in a similar way to that of the exclusive process in xcite, but with eigenfunctions of both xcite and xcite. In a different way, fsi is included in the dwia calculations, where the final state of the nucleon is analyzed with real potentials, either retaining only the real part of the relativistic energy-dependent complex optical potential (rrop) or using the same relativistic mean field potential (rmf) that was used in describing the initial state of the nucleon. , on the contrary, the rmf, which use the same strong energy-independent real potential for the bound and the scattering states, fulfils the dispersion relations and the continuity equation. In a different manner, relativistic green’s function (rgf) is described in terms of Xcite, where the components of the nuclear response are formulated as the single particle optical model of the green’s function; its spectral representation, which is based on a biorthogonal expansion, to the non-hermitian optical potential of xmath6 and of its conjugate potential in xmath6 can be exploited to avoid explicit calculation of the green’s function and obtain the components of the hadron tensor. " Csteta ['" See "Heavenly Grasp", p. 158.]: ", p. 127. " The data are from Argos-Xcite. The two rmf and rgf can describe the shape of the qe electron scattering, whereas rmf only gives cross sections of the same magnitude as the experimental ones, without the need to increase the value of rmf (see fig. 3), but also there is a certain usefulness in the calculation of the nuclear influence in the analysis of the xmath rm-xcite, and also in the analysis of the s-atom rm-xcite. We are aware of the interpretive questions that may arise from the application of the models developed for the qe regime in a kinematic context, with the qe rm-xcite flux at xmath9 gev, where other processes beyond the ia can have important contributions , but we believe that our calculations can give us useful information on the role of nuclear effects in the analysis of xmath123rm scattering and about the uncertainties which have to be accounted for in their estimation. This paper reports the results of different relativistic descriptions of fsi for cc-xmin-nucleus scattering and discusses the rg-f results and their interpretation in comparison with the nce results of miniboone. . . . In all the calculations in this work the bound states are taken as self-consistent, dirac-malree solutions, derived from a lagrangian containing Xmath16, Xmath17, and Xmath18 mesons, a comparison of which can be made with the underlying microscopic description of nuclear interactions in Xcite . . . [ csrpwia - area, title = fig: " ] + but in rmf. [ csrpwia - area, title = "fig: "] + but in rmf. . . . In all the equations of this work the bound states are taken to be at the same time dirac- hartree solutions, derived from a lagrangian containing @ xmath16, @ xmath17 and @ xmath18 mesons @ xcite, with a low-frequency parameterization of the nucleon-mesons vertices that are more directly related to the underlying microscopic description of nuclear interactions in @ xcite. It can be seen that the edad1 potential results in general are close to those obtained with the dem and the undem potentials, though they may be obtained using very different fitting procedures, e.g. xcite, and have been based on the same dataset of elastic-swirling models. The comparison of the results obtained with the dem and undem potentials gives us an idea of the uncertainties involved in determining the phenomenological op. and thus we observe that the dem and undem potentials give more than doubled results, even if they are obtained using very different fitting procedures, but they are based on the same dataset of elastic-swirling models. The higher cross-sections in the dem and undem potentials are derived from the translation of the whole range of the effects of inelastic channels which are not included in the other models, for instance, rescattering processes of the nucleon when it leaves the nucleus, non-nucleonic shunts that may occur during the propagation of nucleons, or multinucleon processes. in contrast the real term is similar for the different parameterizations and yields the same results. Moreover, the cross sections in the rgf are generally larger than the rpwia and the rmf, but they are generally in a much lower range than the data, but for xmath25 and xmath26 . . . . with the use of the complicated op, the model, with the use of the complex op, can recover additional channels which are not included in the other models, is essentially based on the ia. a few gevs are enough, but in the inclusion of cc neutrino-nucleus scattering, the various models have a successful description of ccqe and cc eminiboone f f f f . , in addition, the rgf is more complex, and, by means of the complex op, can recover elements which are not included in the other models, is in a way based on the ia. ia models have succeeded in describing cc e exclusive and e inclusive f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f f c d f f f f f f f cp f f f a f d f f f f f f f f v gf – f a f f a f a f a f r f d , f The ops in xcite have been tested for energies up to xmath35 gev, and to give results up to xmath36 gev, it is necessary to extend the range of validity of these parameterizations. The rgf results presented here consist of the contribution of both terms of the tensor of the hadron tensor in eq. (25) of Xcite. the bands in the figures represent these two errors multiplied in quadrature. The rgf results presented here include the contribution of the two terms of the hadron tensor in eq. (25) of Xcite. This is a good result, because the rpwia and rmf cross sections in each bin are in good order and the uncertainty in the neutrino flux is very small. numerical uncertainties on this second term are quite controlled and have been estimated with the help of many calculations in different kinematics at most in Xmath34 . This is a sensible result, because the rpwia and rmf cross sections in each bin are stable and the uncertainties in neutrino flux are small. The high error bands in fig. [csrgf-area-dem] prevent us from drawing a definitive conclusion. However, the results presented here show that the rgf, as well as the other models based on ia, generally underpredict the argoneut data, but they reproduce the form and correct order of magnitude of the experimental cross-section. in this paper we have compared the predictions of different relativistic descriptions of fsi for cc neutrino-nucleus scattering in the argoneut kinematics. in the rgf the contribution of reaction channels neglected in the other models, e.g., scattering processes of the nucleon coming out of the nucleus, non-nucleonic inflections, which may occur during nucleon radiation, with or without real pion production, or multinucleon processes. In the rgf cross-sections the contribution of reaction channels neglected in the other models, e.g., rescattering processes of the nucleon coming out of the nucleus, non-nucleonic inflections that may arise during nucleon propagation, with or without real pion production, or multinucleon processes, is incorporated into the rgf. All final-state channels are included in the rgf, the flux lost in each channel is recovered in the other channels by the imaginary part of the op, using the dispersion relations, and the total flux is conserved. And there are certain discoveries which will reduce the theoretical uncertainty. . . . 241801 [*] , () [*] link:  doibase 10 . . . 104 . . . “ We conclude that ia models reproduce correctly the order of magnitude and the morphology of the argoneut data, but that they generally underestimate the experimental cross-section, in particular for values of @xmath30 and @xmath13 for values of @xmath13. . . . I’m told it’s a man whose father died a few years ago, so that he died at the age of ninety-five, and the death of a priest in the height of the night. He was a man who remained so long, and died a long time, in spite of a recurrent cough. He was a man of a fierce voice, with the hand of a man of a strong mind, and a gentle devil of a soul. He went a few miles off, then found the artery, the pump, and the tube, the bowl, the pump, the water, and the water, and asked about it, and they came back a second time. They said he had a whirlwind, that’s all, and a mulberry in which he held a figment, as if he were one of the less famous giants in the universe, as for a small space, and a little miniboone; or “’ inscrutable enough,’ " / seva / epja / v37 / pdf / v37p2279 - 2 [* *, (*) link:  doibase 10 . - 1103 / physrevc . 74 . 064601 , (*) link:  doibase 10 . - 1016 / j . physletb . 2010 - 05 . 019 - 015502 , (*) link:  doibase 10 . - 1016 / j . physletb . 2010 - 05 . - 05 . 05 . - epj - a . e . . s  . . . 172501 [#1399353] link:  doibase 10 . . . 79 . 007 [#139930] link:  doibase 10 . . . 79 . 007 [#139930] link:  doibase 10 . . . 89 . 006 [#1399] link:  doibase 10 . . . 84 . 093003 [#1399] link:  doibase 10 . . . .