Moreover, more recently, Xcite has argued, by comparing multi-frequency observations of stellar clusters with numerical simulations, that clusters form by mergers of 'shapes', although again no explanation is given for these mergers. The resulting physical phenomenon is that of global, hierarchical collapse of clouds, advanced by . . . as an example, as a consequence of that same author, if it is believed, most stars form in clusters or groups, although the details of the formation of clusters, and particularly their physical origin, remain in the interest of scientists. , and even though there are certain facts about the formation of clusters, and the sources of their structural properties, there are some which still require an adequate theoretical explanation, for example: i) there is a mass segregation in clusters, the most massive stars lying closer to the center of the cluster; ii) the distribution of protostellar separations, which have no characteristic size; iii) there is a probable age-dependence of clusters, with the youngest stars locating themselves in the highest density regions; iv) there is an apparent deficit of oblong stars in some dark clouds. , the same authors noted that if, if it is to be accepted, most stars form in clusters or groups, then the physical explanation of these properties is the global, hierarchical collapse of molecular clouds, as the one that the authors of this paper were able to explain. I will say that the deep fluctuations in the ssla can be shorter than the deep fluctuations in the lssa, which therefore gives rise to their collapse earlier. The ssla fluctuations have shorter free fall times than the ssa fluctuations, which means that the collapse is already started earlier. In this respect, the mechanism of the gravo-tumultuous fragmentation is also similar to the mechanism of the gravo-tumultuous fragmentation, except that the cloud is not continually supported by turbulence, and the turbulence does not collapse directly, but only makes seeds for further, local and scattered collapses, as the cloud contracts globally. In this regard, the process is also similar to the mechanism of the gravo-tumultuous fragmentation, except that the cloud is not universally supported by turbulence, and the turbulence does not collapse directly, but merely seeded the seeds for a local, scattered collapse as the cloud contracts globally. This is in contrast to the ghc model, which used a smoothed particle hydrodynamics, a numerical simulation of cloud formation and evolution in the context of ghc, to show that the clouds form as if they were rivers, and that material flowed from the extended cloud-environment to the dense cores, where star formation takes place. This process is also predicted to reaffirm that the star formation rate (sfr) in mcs increases over time, as a consequence of the increase in the mean density of the clouds as they pass through global gravityal collapse. After the formation of the clusters, it is necessary to study the development of the clusters from the formation of the ganeo. Many studies have been performed on the subject of cluster formation, such as the mass of the group, the correlation between the scales of the sky and its cloud, and the formation of the binaries; the influence of feedback on the massive stars and on the destruction of their parent clumps; the energy and rotation of the cluster in the first phase of the cloud in which they formed. . in sec. . we briefly describe the numerical simulation, and in sec. . . . cluster we describe the criteria for defining the cluster and the groups of the clump, both from the origin of the members and from the instantaneous position. In sec. . . . synthesis we describe the physical processes of self-gravity, parameterized heating and cooling (hcrates) and star formation with an impossibility but realistic imf (hcrates) and simplified radiative transfer for massive ionized radiation (hcrates) . Next, in sec. . . . . results, we present our results concerning the assembly of subunits augmented by ghc, and the resulting structure of the clusters. the modification is based on a s s constant mass criterion °; the cell size is refined when it exceeds • s7 , that is, on the measure of density •. Hence the size of a cell •s weight scales with the density •s. , and the density •s 14 , that is, the density •s height • 15 000 au . note that this constant cell •s mass criterion does not conform to the so-called strche criterion which calls for hé and corresponds to the so-called ‘jeans criterion’, that is, to compute the hé length 5 , and this criterion is not followed by the so-called strche criterion, the héd criterion of hé1 that hées at least four grid cells , but not to the héd criterion, since this criterion does not conform to the so-called ‘jeans’ criterion of resolving the héa’ length of at least four grid cells , but rather to the hed 1 solution. . . . However, since our prescription for sf is probabilistic, when the highest refined material is reached in a cell, it continues to grow from the surrounding material and a great deal in mass and density until a sp is placed in it. This means that the accretion is performed in the gas phase, not in the particle phase. Here, however, the prescription for sf is probabilistic, and when the highest refinement is reached in a cell, it will also accrete from the surrounding material and grow in mass and density until a sp is actually placed in it. This is because our impetus is a strict power law, and thus the minimum mass of a sp is the minimum mass. As for the escalation, the escalation is confined to the size of a cell, and it will take a constant value of xmath18, which is a fine one like the classic salpeter. ( ). Note, however, that the calculation is based on a power law, and that the minimum mass of a sp is also the minimum. we refer to this in a separate part of the thesis, the results of which were discussed in sec. ; In a zero-th order approximation we assume a uniform 'horizontal line' of sight (los) , with a value equal to the geometric mean of the density of the cell containing the sp and that of the target cell. We then compute the same radius of radius, xmath28, with xmath30, where xmath30 @ xmath30 @ xmath31 s @ xmath32 is the hydrogen recombination coefficient . besides, we assume an ionization flux for any given star, calculated from the tabulated data of xcite. In this manner, we depict the effect of the winds and wind of low mass stars. This prescription was tested in paper i against the known analytic formula for the evolution of xmath36. However, this prescription was not yet very complicated, and, although highly simplified, was tested in paper i against the known analytic formula for the evolution of xmath36. For the more massive stars, the modulation of xmath36 is computed, as described in paper i. For the stars with masses greater than xmath36, this is an inverse fit to the stellar lifetime, while for the smaller ones, it means that the duration of the stellar phase is about xmath37 myr, almost independently of mass. This also means that we are representing the effect of the winds and the winds of the low-mass stars by an ionization prescription. “In our case, the origin of the stars in the simulations is known, and thus allows the classification of the stars by the site of origin. However, this information is not available to observations, who must first identify the cluster as a stellar surface density, and then define its members on a statistical basis, comparing the counts in nearby field fields of the cluster, at xcite . so that the radius of a group, at the present time, is a measure of the total distance from which the neighbours search. However, it is interesting to note that, because of the hierarchical structure of clusters, and — aforementioned results — the number and composition of the resulting groups depends on the value of the so-called ‘linking parameter’ passed to the algorithm , which is a measure of the distance from which neighbors are searched. The space of the first group of stars is easy to establish by observation, and it is easy to classify them by a particular location — but in our case the simulations do not contain any field’ stars, but only stars from clusters formed at some other location in the cloud. Moreover, the large differences between groups can be easily determined by the eye, and the link parameter can be used to set the bounding parameter to correspond to the visual classification . But besides, in the later stages, the groups grow larger by dynamic interactions between their members, and also new stars begin to form in the same region or on its outskirts, making it necessary to specify the size of a region in order to make a conclusion as to the size of a group. Finally, adding new stars, we recompute the size, the size of the group, the total mass (@xmath39) and the total number of stars (@xmath39) of the group. Thus, in general, we expect this process to take place at all scales, groups forming, in turn, from subgroups, etc. in a hierarchical and self-similar manner. Hence, we say that a new group has formed from the merger of two former groups when the distance between their centers of mass is smaller than the larger of the two radii. But, more often than not, neighbouring groups approach each other (which is a consequence of a large scale collapse) and often merge. For this simulation, three major clusters are formed, two of which are large enough to clear out the dense gas around them, at a time of xmath50 myr, since the formation of the first stars (from xmath50 myr to xmath45 myr) . They begin to form at xmath46 myr, and the first hii regions appear at xmath48 myr . here the dense gas has been cleared from a radius of about xmath49 myr . . . and the cells themselves have formed at the end of the filamentary structure of the cloud and contain the principal filaments. The main effect of the ghc - is that the filaments are part of the large-scale gravitational collapse, containing gas into the cores, as @xcite showed in a numerical simulation of the formation of clouds and the collapse. Furthermore, the authors observed a hierarchy of collapses within the filaments, so that the small clumps, collapsing in local orbits and sometimes forming stars, fall themselves on the larger scales, as in the case of the hubbard belt -> proposed by @xcite for the gas-course in the central zone. from Xmath56 myr to Xmath56 myr there is seen in a second group a second group has formed at a distance of Xmath57 pc from the first group. From xmath56 myr, a second group has formed, near xmath57 pc from the first, and merged with it by xmath60 myr. This effect is also worthy of note. From Xmath55, from xmath56 to xmath56 myr a second group has formed at a distance of xmath57 pc from the first. The second group has reached the first, and was at a distance of xmath59 pc from it, and is merged with it by xmath60 myr. And there is a further analysis of the implications of this model, in which the different phases of the cluster are explained in a hierarchical way, in which smaller subunits formed at slightly different places and times merge in a large potential well, which feeds the central clump with stars and gas. In fig. [31] The resulting evolution of cluster 2 is illustrated in fig. [32] Cluster evol , which shows the projected positions of the stellar particles in the attenuation xmath66 on the horizontal plane, at times xmath66, to the left, and at the right, in the tithes of the upper left, the upper right, the lower right and the lower right panels, and in the lower right, to the right, the bottom left, the left, and the bottom right panels ... from the above description it becomes clear that the clusters assembled in this simulation are arranged in a hierarchical way, and the subunits formed at slightly different times merge into a large, scale potential well, feeding the central tithe with stars and gas. At xmath66 myr the filament is seen to have a swish, almost empty space, and the cluster is seen to consist of four groups, two of them almost empty ( hidden') and two of them buried in their respective clumps. But we have used large and small symbols for the signs of the stars in the merged group. The red and green circles illustrate the radius of the group at each time, according to the following table: sec. - cluster, and the dashed circles are the distance to the most distant star, and the solid circles are the distance to the second most distant star. Thus, in this new group, the stars are born at different times and places. In this table, the green and red circles are the signs of the group radii, calculated as explained in sec. - cluster, with the dashed circles representing the size of the most distant star, and the solid circles representing the distance to the second most distant star. Thus, this new group contains stars born in a rather different time and place. So, in the later stages, we continue to follow the evolution of this and other groups, new groups appear in a 10-pc box around the group 1 - 2 , and by - - 73 myr we find a system of different ages, masses and sizes (the bottom panel of fig. - evol) . Fig. 3 shows the evolution of sfr in groups 1 and 2 and in the merged group 1 and 2. Except for group 2 where the sfr is local, in which the cloud has been relatively high and is decreasing, for groups 1 and 2 the trend of increasing sfr is obvious. Figure 4 shows the evolution of sfr in groups 1 and 2 and in the merged group 1 and 2. It is also shown in fig. 4 [fig: age-mass] which shows the mass of the stars vs. their age-mass at @xmath54 and @xmath75 myr. that is, at both times, the oldest stars have the lowest masses, and as the age increases, the range of stars’ masses increases to larger values. This is illustrated in fig. 4 [fig: sfr evol] which illustrates the evolution of the sfr in groups 1 and 2 and in merged groups 1 and 2. , except for group 2, in whose parent cloud the sfr is relatively high and then falls down, in sfr 1 and sfr 2 the trend of increasing sfr is seen. This means that the small-scale regions are forming stars by themselves, and so it follows that the larger-scale regions are forming stars on their own, and so it follows that the large-scale regions are also forming stars by themselves. This fact is also illustrated in fig. [fig.] [fig.] , which shows the cumulative mass distribution of the groups 1 and 2 at various times. However, in Fig. Fig. fig. evol], which is the last line of the fig. Fig. evol, the stars in the middle of a group or a cluster which has undergone mergers are all represented by circles and squares (i.e., ones that were formed before the merger) and by green and cyan colors, meaning between 1 and 4 years, while the stars clustered in the middle have ages at xmath80 myr, as indicated by their black-painted symbols. We also see in fig. Fig. evol, in which it is shown that the stars farther from the center of the group 1 - 2 are all represented by circles and squares (i.e., which were formed before the merger) and by green and cyan colors, denoting the ages between 1 and 4 myr, while the stars clustered near the center have ages at xmath81 myr, as indicated by their black-colored symbols. These older stars are the ones that formed in groups 1 and 2 before the merger. ‘Strengthy masses near the peak of the imf, which in our case is also the minimum star mass (cf. sec. sfr). In this study, based on semi-analytical models of the evolution of collapsing clouds and their sfr, it was shown that the sfr is increased in each star-forming site until feedback, in the epoch, begins to exhaust the gas supply to it, and that there is a gradual decline in the sfr, and perhaps, perhaps, completely stops. Figure (14) shows the age histogram of the stars in the first and second stars, as the clumps that create them merge and continue to form stars. At the first two clumps (Xmath85) and Xmath89 a cluster of stars are seen, and a single histogram is shown. The most numerous stars are those less than 1 myr old, and even more so since the most numerous are up to about 4 myr old. At Xmath87 a new cluster of stars is formed, and a single histogram is shown. During the first few years of the accretion of the cluster, the number of young stars decreases, and the most voluminous ones increase. This suggests the accretion of accretion during the first few years of the evolution of cluster 2. Figure . However, one star, with a math94point at math95 point, is located only at math95 point from the math95point of the cluster. , but a closer look at the time-lapses in Fig. , math95 point, and a cyan square symbol lie on the green solid circle in the math96point of Fig. , math96point, and on the solid orange circle in the math96point_ of Fig. , math99  52  xmath54  xmath101r. Here, we have an idea: the large stars in Fig. , math95 and math98, will also be in situ, as if the group of math98r had formed and formed in a separate group 1 - 2 , so that they are more numerous and more closely clustered near the center of the cluster . . . that's the reason for this. However, observation of the time sequence outlined by the various images of Fig. math95 shows that this star is not only ask'd, but is also flying by the cluster. This star is represented by the cyan square, which is lying on the green solid circle at the top right panel math96 and by the solid orange circle at the bottom left panel math95. And this somewhat larger energy explains the subsequent discussion in the previous section. Figure [fig. hier clus] depicts the stars in the cluster at the time of xmath74 myr, first as a whole cluster and then as a set of friends - of friends algorithm, using three different values of the 'combined' parameter (@ xmath103) which determines how far from each other neighbours are searched in order to identify a group. There we see that, using a small value of the parameter (as shown by the colors), 10 tight groups have been erected ( denoted by the color) while larger values (at xmath104 and 2 , "bottom left" and "bottom right") have been identified, respectively 9, 4 and 9, each more extensive. "This is, of course, a fully probabilistic interpretation of the imf, and it is also the result of this somewhat larger energy. The structure of the cluster, resulting from the process of ghc, is inherently "nested," consisting of structures in structures in structures, reflecting the structure of the parent cloud, which, consequently, is the result of its multi-scale, hierarchical collapse. we will summarize the discussion in the previous section as follows: the underlying assumption for analyzing the emerging properties of the clusters formed in the process of ghc is the first proposed by the authors of the paper xcite: that the largest stars are only formed in the regions where the local sfr is high enough that the imf can be sampled to the correspondingly high masses . . . The most common stars in low-sfr sites are those in the sfr zone. , the longer it takes for the particles to form, the more massive they will become, since the cell where it forms continues to accrete and becomes more and more massive without any refinement, and the particle forms with half the mass of the cell. Finally, in the ghc scenario, low-mass, small-scale, but large-mass (ssla) star-forming sites appear earlier in the evolution of the cloud, because of their shorter free fall times, while high-mass, larger-mass, smaller-mass (lssa) sites appear later. Moreover, the low-mass sites are falling into the trough of the gravitational potential well of the high-mass ones. therefore, low-mass stars formed in the low-mass falling areas share the infalling velocity of the falling masses and so have greater dispersion than the stars formed in the main, massive cluster, which can have both low and high masses. The first-generation stars tend to have low masses. However, the reverse is not necessarily true: low-mass stars in general can be either young or old. . The above considerations imply a number of properties of the resulting clusters: 1 . The oldest stars tend to have low masses . . . it is found in the figure [fig: cum-molar-mass_hist] and represents the cumulative mass histogram for groups 1 and 2 separately and in combination. note that these properties are relevant to regions of a few kilometres and ages of at least a few myr, and that, by definition, it does not represent the instantaneous and instantaneous formation of the galaxies, for which our simulation can not determine whether massive stars form first or last, or how long it takes to build a giant star. The oldest stars constitute a minority, as sfr increases with time. But, as the ionising feedback of the massive stars destroys the gaseous gaseous materials, the sfr again decreases, and therefore the stars younger than the age of the oldest massive stars are also less abundant, as also shown in fig. fig. age histogram . . . Note that these properties are limited to regions of a few parsecs and of a few myrs, so that it does not necessarily apply to the formation of a single clump of a large, which is not included in the simulation, whether massive stars are first, or last, or how long does it take to build a massive star . To this question @ xcite was conscientiously considering several possible scenarios. The main one being their scenario b, for it invokes the acceleration of sf, which is consistent with our scenario b. Furthermore, @ xcite has concluded that the cloud complex known as the m17 southwest extension (m17 swex) has not many very large stars compared with the number expected from its estimated sfr. The density of these objects, that is, the smaller ones, are therefore shaped by more small volumes. They are represented in fig. v, Fig. v. , whose total mass is only several times larger, in fact, especially after group 1 and 2 have merged. . . . ; it is again exemplified by Fig. 3 (Summary data, private communication) , see also Busquet et al. , we conclude that the theory of ghc is an assembly mechanism for clusters, which naturally predicts the observed age segregation and the bottom-fathom imfuriency of young clusters. . . . . however, the similarity between ghc and b of @xcite is not complete, since they did not consider the accretion of stars and gas on the trough of the great-scale potential. Also, the more uniformly distributed the older objects predicted by ghc by the ghc scenario is observed by @xcite in the orion. These results, of course, demonstrate that our model of cluster formation yields in particular the qualitative reproducion of certain characteristic features of young clusters, and thus suggests that our underlying assumption is realistic. interestingly enough, our simulation, using a probabilistic method of forming stellar particles (cf. sec. sf), qualitatively reproduces several observed properties of young clusters, which suggest that our premise is somewhat realistic. However, our star formation scheme is subject to some limitations. In particular, in supposing it is not based on any magnetic fields, insofar as the presence of supernovae (sn)), it does not include any such feedback as ionization; in particular, supernovae (sn) are not included. Moreover, our study makes a convincing first approximation to the problem of cluster assembly, capturing the essential aspects of the hierarchical organization of these objects. This implies that, as is mentioned in supposing supposing supposing supposing supposing a supposing a supposing a supposing, a significant number of stars are missing, about half of the total number of stars. Moreover, our supposing is strictly powerless, a law which does not prevent the disappearance of masses at low mass. Moreover, our supposing is a strict law, which omits the turnover of masses at low mass. And the fact that our supposing is based on the observation, therefore, suggests that our hypothesis is reasonable. However, our star formation scheme has certain limitations. First and foremost, our study suggests that the assembly of clusters is most often performed in the early stages (second to few) of the cloud epoch, during which few or no sne are expected, especially if there are large stars present at a late stage in the cloud epoch, as is suggested by the scenario in the ghc case. The interaction of the ionizing stars with the environment in which the cloud is forming is most important. So the ionizing feedback included in our simulations is probably the most relevant feedback for regulating the gas flows to the sites where the new stars are forming. But as the filaments themselves are denser than the background medium, and their length far exceeds the length of isolated clumps and cores, their column density for situations where the filament aligns with the ionizing object and the intervening clump (such as in the case of filaments feeding the main clump where the ionising object was formed) is comparable or even larger than that of the intervening clump. Finally, our radiation prescription (s. (s.) is of course crude, and the radiative transfer only in an approximate way. Moreover, our study suggests that the assembly of clusters takes place mostly during the first few years (especially during the first few days) of cloud epoch, during which few or no sne are expected, especially if large stars are already late in the evolution of the cloud, as is evident from the ghc scenario. It was only because we tested this theory that we could create a sufficient numerical model for the study of stellar clusters. The systematic collapse regime consisted of small-scale, large-amplitude (ssla) collapses (involving small masses) within large-scale, small-amplitude (lssa) collapses (involving large masses spread over large-scale regions) . This structure consists of small-scale, large-amplitude (ssla) collapses (involving small masses) in large-scale, small-amplitude (lssa) collapses (which include large masses, which are spread out over large-scale regions) . in this structure , the star-forming sites merge together, and the local stars and the gases are transported to the larger sites, and so the larger sites contain a mixture of the local stars and those which were formed at a remote, smaller-scale site, and which are carried to the large-scale site by the infalling flows . the large-scale collapses accretion into the troughs of potential wells (the collapse centers  ) , and the small-scale collapses spread around these large-scale collapses dae in a dae conveyor belt  . the small-scale collapses, spread fu  , edae in a totaling belt  ,. Moreover, the stars that form in the massive center of the collapse are gas-formed. the most massive stars are younger because they only come to form when the sfr of the whole region has increased sufficiently to sampling the higher masses of the imf. However, the stars which have not yet emerged from the merger are low or high, as they are formed in the high-mass region formed by the merger of the low-mass ones. And the oldest stars are more spaced from the collapse center (or filament) , because they have larger velocity dispersion, because they are characterised by the infall velocity of the material on the high-mass collapse center. from these considerations, we have concluded that the cluster which has formed from the hierarchical collapse of its parent cloud must have the following characteristics: the oldest stars are low, because they formed in the low-mass site very early in the evolution of the cloud .. while newer stars may be high-mass, as they form in the high-mass site formed by the merger of the low-mass sites . . . as a consequence, the lower-mass stars are nearer the center (or filament) .. Besides, it is expected that the combined efforts of the cores of the young stars will be inefficient compared with the predicted number of their combined novae production. We conclude that the scenario of ghc allows a clear understanding of the properties of young clusters in terms of the multi-scale collapse of their parent clouds.