The exotic hydrogen atoms are formed in highly excited states, when the negative particles (@xmath2) are prevented from entering the hydrogen atom. Despite a long history of theoretical and experimental studies, the kinetics of this atomic cascade are still not completely understood. Despite the long history of theoretical and experimental investigations, the kinetics of this atomic cascade are not fully understood. The present experiments with the exotic hydrogen atoms address a number of fundamental problems, and they are made possible by precision spectroscopy, whose success depends on the better knowledge of the atomic cascade. In addition, we discuss in this paper the principles of non-reactive scattering of the excited exotic hydrogen atom in collision with the hydrogenic atom in the ground state: xmath4 elastic fusion, xmath5 arc, cd (xmath6) coulomb deexcitation (cd) . , in this paper xmath7 is the hydrogen isotopes, xmath8 is the principal and orbital quantum numbers of the exotic atom . In addition, we discuss the problem of the opposite physical condition, in the energy field of the high angular momentum state. , whereas in a few ad-hoc papers (see xcite and references therein) , cd calculations were performed in the classical elliptic monte-carlo (ctmc) approach (see xcite and references). The calculation of the differential and integral cross sections of the processes (1) was performed by bracci and fiorentini in the framework of a semiclassical approach with some additional approximations. The incompatibility of the coulomb deexcitation cross sections obtained in the ctmc approach was a reasonable one, especially for low, at high energies. However, the improved adiabatic approach, aaa, @xcite, yielded too small cross sections to explain the experimental data . The energy of the electrons in the cd phase is not sufficiently equivocal, especially for low energy levels. This approach, therefore, enables the definition of all the processes (one) and is free from the approximations applied in previous studies. The calculated differential and integral cross sections presented in this paper are used to illustrate some of our results, obtained very recently. The cd processes have recently been characterized in a uniform way by the authors of the near-coupling (cc) approach (see below and references to the techniques ), in a conventional approach to Monte Carlo (ctmc), the procedure has been applied to muonic, pionic, and antiprotonium hydrogen atoms in excited states with xmath12, and at a kinetic energy that is relevant to the cascade calculation. The calculated differential and integral cross sections of the processes (cd) have been calculated for muonic, pionic, and – it is the radius vector between the atoms of colliding, - it is - xmath19 and - it is their inner coordinates - in the present study the cc approach is extended to include the excitation of the target electron. The total movement of the system is augmented by the basis states as follows – the energy of the relative motion, - xmath29, where - xmath33 and -math34 are the energy of the relative motion and the quantum numbers of the exotic atom, respectively. The eigenvalues of xmath23 and xmath24 are hydrogen-like hamiltonians of the free exotic and hydrogen atom, and the eigenvalues of angular momentum and -math26 form the basis states, -math26, with the conservation of the total angular momentum ( -math27) and parity -math28. The bound energy of the exotic atom, -math35, includes the eigenvalue of xmath23 and -math36, and the energy-transition, -math37, by the vacuum and the strong interaction (in the case of adronic atom) . . . . the effect of closed channels in the vicinity of @xmath13 has been also investigated, and will be described below. The angular distributions obtained from the present cc and adiabatic @xcite calculations coincide in the region of the maximum diffraction limit, but show significant differences in the back hemisphere (see the left side of fig. 1). Next, in the next section, we show and discuss the following total cross sections of the scattering processes: the partial cross section of @xmath48 @xmath49, the total cross section of the transition from @xmath51 to @xmath55, and the @xmath52 - averaged differential stark cross sections for @xmath55 collisions vs . . . the - averaged differential stark cross sections for @xmath55 collisions vs . . . title = fig: “ xmath62” is exactly proportional to the value of xmath62, the ratio of the initial mass to the surface of the material is constant, and for xmath63 it is a constant from the , but in this case, the value of xmath62 is very small, as is evidenced in xcite. Nevertheless, xmath63 is very different from the one of the elastic and the inelastic processes. The nature of xmath61 is quite different from the one of the elastic or the stark processes. In contrast to a form of cd scattering, a cd scattering is accompanied by a large amount of energy (tens and hundreds ev) and takes place at much smaller distances, so that the details of short-range interaction are more important for the treatment of xmath61 than for elastic processes. Fig. 3 shows the averaged cross-sections of xmath62 which are averaged with the e-result of the subwave l, averaged cross-sections of the subwave l at three fixed energies – 0 , 2 and 50 ev. it is seen that a substantial part of the subwave l (@xmath73) comes from the partial waves, with a rather low average xmath43, in contrast to the elastic (short) process. This difference between elastic and deep inelastic processes is illustrated by fig. 4 where the averaged cross-sections of the subwave l, at xmath72 at three fixed energies – 0 , 1 , 2 , 50 ev is shown. We have used a two-level approximation in all our previous calculations of cd. Compared with the results of the sc model at xmath78 and the ctmc model at xcite, we have also studied the results of the cc cross section, and found that the inclusion of the channels at xmath76 leads to a strong suppression of the main transitions at xmath74, as compared with the two-level approximation, and so the total cross section is also suppressed @ xcite. Among elastic scattering and stark transitions, where the   dipole potential at xcite gives reasonable results (at not too low energies), in contrast to the elastic scattering and stark transitions, where the  dipole potential (in xcite) is of reasonable value (at not too low energies) , the interaction of the system must be considered, as it is clear from the present study. it is often believed @ xcite that the cross sections in the region @ xcite correspond to the following xmath81 ev., in fig. 5 to explain more clearly the difference between the xcite and the xcite results, Fig. 5 in comparison with the results of the sc model xcite for xmath80 and ctmc calculations @ xcite for xmath81 ev. At lower energies, the present results indicate a correlation between cd cross sections in the region @ xcite and xcite. It is commonly believed xcite that the cd cross sections at low energies behave like xmath79. It was the first time in Xcite that the angular distribution of cd was measured. The calculated cross sections for individual transitions with @xmath87 and 2 at xmath89 ev are presented in fig. 7 . - (left) and with @xmath91 (right) for @xmath59 @xmath92 ev , title = 'fig:' , xmath92 ev , title = 'fig:' , - p. 45 - f. , - it's the cross sections for @xmath95 transitions (see fig. 7), as for elastical scattering, they have a more sharp diffraction structure with sharp maxima and minima and a strong peak at zero angle, compared with the smoother angular dependence of other transitions. It is considered that the influence of the energy dependence of the cross-sections of the hydrogen atom (@xmath65) with the hydrogen atom is represented by Fig. 10, in fig. 10 for xmath65 and for the different values of xmath102, one and three. In fig. 10 we show the preliminary results for the cross-sections of the xmath52 averaged by the near-classical method. However, the cross-sections of the xmath105 and at xmath105, if they are highly closed, they can also change the wave functions of the open channels in short bands, which is very important in the cd process. The energy-dependent properties of the cross sections of the xmath105 atom (an atom of hydrogen) are shown in Fig. 10 and the different values of xmath102 are shown in Fig. 10. The contributions of the transitions with xmath103 are comparable to those with xmath102 = 1 and are about fifty %. The present results are based on the solve of the close-coupling equations and the presence of all the open channels. Although the channels with xmath15 for xmath105 and at energies less than xmath106 ev are strongly closed, they can be used in the calculation of cd wave functions, at a time when the cd process is not in progress. The distribution of the final states of xmath84 is entirely different from the results of sc Results of xcite as it was illustrated in fig. 10. the satisfactory agreement is observed, but this agreement is quite scarce and does not equal the other values of xmath The de excitation is proposed in the practical application of a quantum mechanical close-coupling technique. The differential and integral cross sections of the above processes are calculated for the muonic, the pionic and the antiproton hydrogen atoms, with the critical energies of @xmath12 and the relative energies of the cascade. 119 – 133 – 1999 – 119 – 137 – 1999 – v . v . gusev and v . n pomerantsev, hyp – interact. v . . gusev, v . . popov, and v . n pomerantsev, hyp – interact . . . a . . . . s. cim. – e . . . g. fiorentini , nuovo cim. – t. s. jensen and v. e. markushin, eur – journ Phys d. p. popov , jetp ltd. p. popov , jetp ltd. t. s. jensen, v. p. popov and v. n. pomerantsev, arxiv: 0712 . 3010 (2007) . . .