One reason for such inconsistency is that in high density regions there are often very sparse spherical galaxies, and the upper regions are typically populated by smaller, spiral galaxies, whereas the lower regions are usually populated by galaxies with spiral morphologies, and younger stellar populations, and thus a systematically higher spherical rate of formation. Finally, there are many physical mechanisms that can stimulate the slowing of star formation in over-spherical regions (for a summary, see ? ? ? ? ? , the concentration of atmospheric pressure on galaxies is considerably reduced, and this, as a result, is due to a very low density of dispersions, is strongly influenced by mergers; in addition, it is known that in over-spherical regions the frequency of formation is higher and the age of the populations is younger, and the rate of star formation is always lower .) in the high-spherical cores of enormous clusters the hot (at xmath6) inter-cluster medium (ICM) is able to dampen the formation of stars by removing gas from the galaxy through pressure stripping by ram-pressure, resulting in a gradual lowering of sf activity . . . . the relative strengths of the physical mechanisms are strongly influenced by the density of the cluster or group and its size, and by the environment. The observed growth of the blue sphere fraction with redshift (the butcher-oemler effect; * ? ? ; * ? ? ? ? ? The mathematical simulations of dark matter halo-middle-tiered networks and semi-analytic models (sams) populated the halo-middle-tiered networks with galaxies, and then traced the histories of the simulated galaxies, which ended up accreting into cluster mass haloes in different epochs. Moreover, the results of the analysis indicated that, at low redshifts, a large number of cluster galaxies could be affected by their environment before entering the cluster, while at later epochs the fraction of cluster galaxies whose preprocessing occurred in the clusters continued to decline. There are many assumptions underlying this analysis, but the result highlights a key point: preprocessing in cosmic history has probably varied considerably over cosmic time, and that preprocessing is likely to be very widespread. For recent studies, the reduction of sf activity in cosmic history is primarily driven by two distinct and possibly separable components: secular evolution (or mass reduction) and environmental processes (or 'environment reduction') ; ? ? ? ; ? ? ? , ? ? A comprehensive view of galaxy evolution in different environments needs to be sensitive to a large dynamic range of local density to capture not only dense areas, like clusters and groups, but also the more diffuse filaments and voids. Further, studies of higher density tend to be applied to a smaller dynamic range, which in turn diminishes the general ability to draw general conclusions. Furthermore, the large number of methods used for measuring the density of the objects involved in galaxy evolution are often limited to a smaller dynamic range, which reduces the ability of general conclusions about the environmental forces that are driving the evolution of the objects. a comprehensive view of galaxy evolution in different environments requires an enlightened view of a large range of local density in order to take into account not only the dense regions, like clusters and groups, but the more diffuse filament and voids. Thus, the method that is most appropriate for detecting large-scale structures, like clusters, groups, filaments, is not necessarily the best method for measuring density in large structures. In this work, we seek to quantify the role of pre-processing in the local universe by analyzing the refractory colour and star formation of galaxies by the method of the sloan digital sky Survey (sdss; ?? ? ? ? ? ? On the equator, neighbours, which can effectively measure the density field of the earth, over the large dynamic range of density found in the coma supercluster, with the useful purpose of distinguishing the types of environment extending beyond the halo. Our combined vt and mst approach allows us to select the discrete components of the cosmic web by exploiting the fundamental density contrasts of the cluster, group, filament and void environments. In section [cm] we describe the coma supercluster and our sampling process, with our data from sdss, galex and wise , in section [cm] we describe our techniques for mapping the cmss in the coma supercluster, and in section [cm] we describe our results and compare the activity and colour of the cms and sf in a matrix. It is also a technique most suitable for measuring continuous structures like clusters, groups, filaments, and therefore we use the cmst to distinguish the various types of environment extending over superhalo scales. In the last method, we are using a geometrie [3], a means to measure the local density over the wide dynamic range of density that we find in the coma supercluster. In the next section, we will use the interpolation (radio c] and the wide field infrared (smart) , to recover unseen and dust-stained star-formation. This is taken to be a kroupa imf, and in the later part we will use a kroupa imf. coma supercluster. The close proximity of the supercluster (@xmath19) makes it possible to examine the totality of its galaxy population down to the dwarf masses (@xmath20) and the geometrical alignment of the supercluster, which has a distribution largely perpendicular to our line of sight, makes it an ideal case study to study galaxies in a wide range of environments, with minimal projection. a large number of post-scattering (or k + a) galaxies coincident with the ngc4839 group, leading to the conclusion that the ngc4839 group had experienced a converging (or k + a) in the last gyr, or perhaps because of the tidal effects of the group-scattering . . . One of the first systematic studies of the ecological dependence of galaxy properties in the coma, based on spectroscopically confirmed members, was conducted by @xcite. They used sdss dr7 to select the supercluster members of coma, and characterized the local environment around each galaxy by measuring the density of galaxies in a cylinder of radius xmath25mpc and a half-length of 1000 km s xmath15 (albeit with a slightly modified treatment of galaxies associated with the clusters, as described in Appendix b) . They investigated the colour, morphology and frequency of the post-starburst galaxies in different environments, and found a weak dependence of the galaxy color and morphology on the environment for the most massive galaxies and a strong dependence of colour and morphology on the environment for dwarf galaxies, and that almost all post-starburst galaxies reside in higher density. . . . one of the first systematic studies of the environmental dependence of galaxy properties in coma, using spectroscopically confirmed members, was performed by @xcite . Arose in the ‘Embedded regions’ and obtained the expected correlation between the abundance of sfr and the abundance of sfr with a centric radius. but in the a1367 sfr they obtained a difference of one degree of radius for the fraction of sfrs forming, when they took into account the fraction of star-forming galaxies from the optical measure versus the sfr measure. Having freed up the wise all-sky survey, we have now access to the sfr component of the coma supercluster, and so this study presents the first examination of sfr activity in all its milieu in the entire coma supercluster, down to the quiescent sfrs, and a sample of galaxies containing over two orders of magnitude in stellar mass. With the sensitivity to sfr and our expertise in describing the components of the cosmic web, we are in a position to make significant quantitative estimates of the degree to which pre-processing affects galaxies in xmath8. Our sample of supercluster galaxies is selected from dr9 of the sloan digital sky survey (sdss – – ? – ) which has mapped a large fraction of the sky in xmath28 bands and has completed an extensive spectroscopic campaign (over the sdss coverage area) for galaxies with xmath28 magnitudes. We have developed sfr sensitivity, and our technique for locating the components of the cosmic web, which enables us to put in considerable quantitative constraint on the extent to which pre Here we assume a poor redshift determination (which affects less than one per cent of the galaxies in our sample) . With our sdss spectra we can also minimize the contribution of agns to our sfr estimates. For our sdss spectra we enumerate the stars of the wise 3...4 and 4...5 m bands for our entire sample (less than one per cent of our sample has a star of this kind) , and we enumerate the stellar mass cut-off (using the stellar masses calculated with the wise physics, see Section 3... 4); we include a cosmic mass cut-off (uses the masses of the galaxy, calculated with the wise photometry, see Section 3... 4 ) such that all our galaxies have m_@x_m33 , we apply a stellar mass cut-off (using the stellar masses calculated with the wise physics, see section [9] ), so that all the galaxies in our sample have m_@x_m33 , and so we require the m_@x_m33 cut-off to prevent our sample, which is in the m__m33 band, from being biased at the lowest mass to those dwarf galaxies which are actively forming. Ssent> are more actively forming in the “blue cloud,” and the approximate dividing line between these two groups is indicated by a red circle, the diameter of which is equal to the size of the virial radii. (See the section “Coma coma galaxies” in Section I. “Cosmetic Galleries” above. (cf. “Galex” is the “world-wide” code, where the definition is given in Fig. 6 , in which the [31] groups are distinguished by a line that is a line of reddening curve. . . . we correct our achromatic to achromatic photometry by a correction of xcite to the extinction curve of xcite, and assuming the extinction curve of xcite with r = xmath45 = i . . we also use the index h @ xmath43 to resolve the achromatic to achromatic aberrations of the achromatic ring in the spheres of @ xcite, and its width 309] We compute the difference between the measured luminosity and the measured sfr to a given l  math49, and we measure it for a representative sample of galex nuv and fuv maps in coma, with the shallowest maps, by extracting a supercluster galaxy identified in the map and inserting it into the maps with a range of normalisations. For each normalisation, we insert 100 of these false sfrs into the maps with random positions. So, in order to ensure that the sensitivity of our catalogue to sfr math49 is uniform across the supercluster, we must carefully account for the variations in the topography of the data. nearly the whole supercluster has been mapped with math49, but some 5 per cent of our galaxy sample of supercluster members does not lie in the math49 coverage area , so the least visible (equivalent) of the math49 observations are flagged, so that they are excluded from the analysis of sf activity in the supercluster, as the sf activity we measure from wise will be at its lower limits. The minuteest observation with math49 is a time of only 60 seconds, while the minuteest is about 3 math5210 math53 seconds. The minuteest observation with math49 has an exposure time of only 60 seconds, while the deepest is about 3 math5210 math53 seconds. . . . since the equilibrium limit of total flux in the nuv explains it, our total catalogue of sfrs in the coma supercluster is 75 % complete in sfr at xmath55 in all regions. a serious step in the measurement of star formation activity in the coma supercluster has recently been taken by the release of the full sky data from the wide-field infrared survey explorer ( ? ? ? ) , which has plotted the mid-infrared in four bands (w1 - w4), with intervals at 3 .4 .6 , 12 . 0 and 22 .0 . As the spherical limit in nuv is high, the spherical limit in nuv indicates that the spherical sfr is 75 % complete in all areas . . . as Figure : galex-completeness - shows that sfr is significantly higher in the nuv than in the fuv, so we choose to calculate the sfr based on the nuv. . to avoid our sfr estimates being substantially skewed by the presence of an older stellar population which is more contaminating in the nuv band than in the fuv, we will ignore the nuv-based sfr estimates for any galaxy whose sdss spectrum shows a strong  4000 resurgence based on @ xmath56. For a completeness of w4 we are at 80% of f @ xmath57 - _, and if xmath59 is not exceeded, - d) @ xmath59, this means that our measurements of sfr @ xmath59 are at 80% of sfr @ xmath59. - for members of the coma supercluster (at l@ xmath61 ) . a new work by @ xcite - cqq - gives a calibration between flux density measured in ch1 and ch2 with a star-mass (assuming a salpeter imf) . , which, on the other hand, represents the absolute weight of a galaxy, we consider by way of calibration. a key feature of our study is to characterize the local environment in a physically meaningful way. This method of measurement involves, as the main component of our analysis, a calculation of the local surface and volume density of galaxies to describe the surroundings near the surface. In general, the conventional method of obtaining local surface density, or volume ( 3d) density, has invariably been the calculation of the density of galaxies at the xcite and ycite, and, consequently, it is the m@xcite mjy, which is also equal to m@ xmath61 mjy , which means that our measurements of m@ xcite are complete to m@xcite600 . Using the virtual approach of transforming a set of points into polygonal cells (van der Fysna), where each cell corresponds to a single point, and the boundaries of the cell enclose all the surrounding space close to the point. idm is a technique for measuring the density of a distant galaxy on a scale set by n . . . of the nearest neighbour or by a kernel with a "adaptive" size. Though these systems are based on the same size, the shape of the region in which they are used is generally fixed. To this end, we have only the spectroscopically confirmed members. In a system for determining the density of a distant galaxy, the most common challenge is to determine the area (or volume) on which to measure the density. One difficulty is to calculate the density of a nearby galaxy on a size based on the nearest neighbour or on the special kernel of an adaptive size. This problem is easily overcome by the use of the adaptation of the cells, which automatically adjust to the local density and which assume no  or , if a function is required. The density of a local population is often estimated on the size based on the nearest neighbour's, or on a different scale from the one used by a neighbor, by using a kernel with an adaptive size. If we use the spectroscopic method, we use only spectroscopically confirmed members. He added a cluster of galaxies from the sdss dr to the circle of our coma supercluster, which all have redshifts that correspond to coma, and the same selection criteria as is described in Section sdss . . . but we find that the population of the coma supercluster is larger than the population of the random observations. In order to compare the density of the voronoi cells over the supercluster, we compare the distribution of the voronoi cells in the supercluster to a set of 1500 maps randomly generated, each of equal numbers and an area equal to the coma supercluster map. in this case we exclude these prefectures from further analysis, so that the only purpose of these prefectures is to ensure that the supercluster is not influenced by edge effects. Nevertheless, we see, however, that there is a greater fraction of cells in the supercluster than in the random ones . . . as one would expect, since the supercluster contains regions of extremely high density, there is a much larger fraction of cells with densities up to 100-1000 gal h xmath64 mpc @ xmath65 than in the random ones . . . and we find, however, that the supercluster contains a larger fraction of cells than in the random ones . . . ‘to sum up, we will now turn to the complementary approach of mst.’ (see Section 3.1. 4) But, moreover, there are only 62 such galaxies. This is due to the fact that the random distributions of the galaxy are inclined to measure almost an order of magnitude in the projected density of the galaxy, and that the gathered masses tend to gather about an order of magnitude in the estimated density of the galaxy, and that it is quite insignificant to settle on a continuous structure. The relative size of these galaxies varies by more than one order of magnitude in a single cell. In fact, compared with the published m2010 k + a catalogue, we find that 91 of the 110 galaxies proposed by m2010 are indeed in our sample. Hence, we now turn to the complementary approach of the mst. , we compare the published m2010 k + a catalogue with our own and find that 91 of the 110 galaxies proposed by m2010 have the spectral features of k + a, but only 41 of the 110 galaxies from m2010 are of the spectral type that is interpreted as k + a. It is abundantly clear that there are significant differences between the spectral measurements of the two lines pertaining to k + a galaxies, with a clear systematic offset for h @ xmath24 and a great scatter in the measurements of h@ xmath43. But we only find 62 such k + a galaxies . ‘Tell’ techniques are responsible for most of the systematic offset in h @ xmath24 measurements shown in figure [fig. 247]: the underlying h @ xmath24 from the stellar population has not been subtracted from the measurements taken in m2010 . In h @ xmath43 the difference in h & xmath42 is due to the wriggle room that the specline measurements have not been converted to the rest-frame. But this is a rather minor difference. The difference in h @ xmath43 comes from the lick index h & xmath44 proposed by @xcite and described in @xcite, which is designed to capture the absorption of h & xmath43 by the atmospheres of stars of a type.