- The exact measurement of gravitational waves in the next decade is a major advancement for astronomy. - The frequency of gravitational waves is about a decade. - In general, since the fundamentals of the propagation of light and of gravitation may differ at a fundamental level, gravitational waves emitted by cosmologically-sealed time-telling stations, such as the merger of enormous black holes, may thus be valuable new probes of physics on cosmological scales. - in particular, since the density of photons and gravitons may be different at the fundamental level, gravitational waves emitted by cosmologically-sealed time-telling stations, such as coalescing pairs of enormous black holes, can be used as valuable new probes of physics on cosmological scales. - gws emitted by black holes have the unknown property of providing a direct measurement of the luminosity distance to the black holes, without any external calibration ... He presented an illustration of the coherent nature of gw emission by the earth’s atmosphere, in whose direction it emanated, in the amplitude, in frequency, in xmath3, and in frequency derivative, in xmath5 . . . if the gw source is reasonably well situated on the sky, the extended observation of the chirping signal leads to precise measurements of xmath3, xmath4, xmath5 and thus xmath2 independently. Fig. 1 . . . “Although lisa’s orbital geometry allows a -triangulation -‘ of gw from the abyss. In general, this is a relatively accurate calculation, e.g. distances with errors at xmath12, at xmath11, typically @ xcite. masses are independently determined to very high accuracy (typically @ xmath12; e.g., @ xcite) – in principle, the same sky localization which is capable of determining the distance to a source accurately can be used to find the host galaxy of a pair of merging black holes seen by lisa. Initially, the prospects for finding the host galaxy of a pair of merging black holes were regarded as not very good, simply because there were a great number of galactic candidates which lisa was able to identify with a single telescope, i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e., i.e. , i.e. , i.e. The redshift errors caused by this process are indicated in fig. [fig. 2] , for a representative equal-mass binary, by a factor of two , for a representative fraction of the mass of the gw source redshift. The various contributions to the redshift errors that accompanies this conversion are illustrated in fig. [fig. 2] , for a representative equal-mass binary, as a function of the gw source redshift. at redshifts of xmath11, where most black hole binary sources are expected, minor lensing errors, due to the uniformity of the cosmological surface, are the chief constraint to the accurate calculation of the redshift in which the host galaxy should be located. But it is perhaps better to take advantage of the pre-mining strategy and to /sent> to /sent> to the gw source into a narrow redshift in which the host galaxy must be located. a lot of information is available on the precise localization of the sky, in conjunction with the accurate timing of the eruption, to predetermine, even in advance, where the merger will occur. Indeed, one can use near-real-time information on the localization of the sky, along with the accurate timing of the inspiral event, to predetermine before the merger occurs where the merger will take place. A unique host-gallop identification could then be accomplished by means of coordinated observations with the traditional telescopes, and by monitoring the sky area for unusual electromagnetic emission, as the coalescence proceeds. - e.g., - - ? - - - , - - , - ? - ? - ; - - - - - - - (but in the precise nature of these electromagnetic counterparts, however, remains largely unknown. While most of the gw snr accumulates during the final stages of inspiral and coalescence for gw sources, there is reasonably good information about the sky localizations that should be available well before the final coalescence, since it accumulates slowly over the long signal modulation (astrophysics) timescale . since the gw signal has already been modulated by the revolution and change of the angle of the detector, the constellation revolves around the sun (fig. 1) . . . but the errors in this case have long since disappeared. . . . , and although most of the gw snr accumulates in the final stages of inspiring / coalescence for typical gw sources, reasonably good information on sky localization must be obtained a good time before final coalescence, since this information accumulates slowly over the long distance modulation (oscillation) time . . . Since this correlation is substantial for the angular angular errors in the sky, it turns out that this argument is largely valid for luminosity distance errors in Xcite . . . Figure three shows the pre-inspiring time evolution of luminosity distance and angular angular errors in a representative black hole pair at xmath8. With the expected availability, by the time lisa is ready, of sensitive large-field of view (fov) astronomical instruments, for weak-lensing and supernova studies, it is interesting to estimate the period of time before the merger when the lisa sky localization falls within the confines of the finite window of this apparatus. This possibility was thoroughly investigated by xcite, using lsst and its refining nodes @ xmath11 deg at xmath11 fov. Figure [fig. 4] shows representative comparable, equal-sized binaries, by their total mass and redshift. Various contours demonstrate that electromagnetic monitoring of sources before coalescence, from the first days to weeks, is a good prospect for sources at refining nodes @ xmath13 @ xmath20. monitoring of the best gw sources out to @ xmath21, - @ xmath22 may even be possible at xcite . , it would be possible to study the physics of the post-miose accretion flow into the remnant black hole with unprecedented accuracy. This would involve precise measurements of the eddington ratio of the source, its emission and absorption geometry, and perhaps its jet phenomenology. From the black hole masses, the spins, and the binary orientation, all of which are already inscribed in the gw signal, one could study the physics of the post-miose accretion flow into the black hole from the remnant black hole. At last, using the velocity dispersions, the dispersions of several host galaxies, in combination with the black hole masses, which are known by the gw signal, would enable us to reconstruct the evolution of the accretion flow on the remnant black hole. As for the host galaxies, the result would be to draw a gravitational diagram, i.e. one in which gravitational wave-functions are able to be seen. And so the main advantage of a gravitational diagram, which is based on the gravitational distance measurements with self-calibrated sources, is that it does not suffer from any bias in the absorption, scattering, or reddening of gws. The main interest of the gravitational diagram is that it is unaffected by systematics that affect electromagnetic measurements. The gravitational distances, @xmath2, of these gws are fixed in advance and their host galaxies are magnetic. In principle the lensing effect can be spread out over many random lines of sight, but in principle it will not be possible to spread it over many different lines of sight (see Fig. 2). This deficiency of lensing errors corresponds to uncertainty ranging from xmath26 at xmath27 to xmath28 at xmath28 (e.g. ... ? - -) which makes the gravitational diagram imprecise even at moderate redshifts. as we have said in ... wd , white dwarfs, spiraling into black holes, may be a useful approach to the analysis of cosmology in lisa. as we have just described in ... wd , white dwarfs spiraling into black holes may have the potential to be a practical tool for precise cosmology in lisa. As the possibility that the accelerated expansion of the universe is due to a failure of general relativity has fueled many theoretical investigations of large-scale changes of gravity over the last few years , a profound effort to build a satisfactory theory of modified relativistic gravity is a formidable task. There is no avoiding it, but a direct observation of the gw regime in the gw regime is a challenge. As a result of this it is possible that such changes in gravity will contain a new length scale, xmath30 beyond which gravity would deviate from general relativity. - Here is the existence of an existence proof of such modifications. For instance, in the case of an extra-dimensional space leaking, the amplitude of a gw source has to scale with the distance xmath32 from the source, xmath33, where xmath34 is the total number of space-time dimensions accessible to gravity. In the case of a large-scale leakage, a reduction of the gw energy flux into an extra-dimensional mass. In this case, the amplitude of a gw source must scale with the distance xmath32 from the source as xmath33, where xmath33 is the total number of space-time dimensions accessible to gravity . . . In principle, black hole mergers and associated . . . ) host galaxies could thus reveal the absorption of gravity in a few-degree Hubble distances, in comparison with electromagnetic diagrams that are not susceptible to this absorption. One more class of signatures concerns the gw polarization signal, with possibly more polarizations beyond the two transverse quadrupolar modes of general relativity (e.g., -, -) , and these might be variations from the standard system of general relativity . . . a general difficulty with this approach is that the measurements of photon and graviton arrivals of the same cosmological source are not a simple matter. , the gw propagation speed may be different from that of light . . . . a new class of modifications is related to the gw polarization, which is also related to the gw polarization, which, in the case of modified gravity, can differ from the speed of light . . . ‘Remember, there is an unknown delay in the discharge of photons relative to that of gravitational ones, since the latter must causally fall behind the dispersed gravitational one. This difficulty can be overcome by adjusting the relative timing of the photons and gravitions signals. It would also be possible to find the resonance frequencies of the electromagnetic and gravitational signals. The offset of phase between the fourier components of the signals by similar frequencies could be used to correct the intrinsic delay in the transmission of electromagnetic waves. By means of the gw signal late in the formation and decay can be monitored, so that the relative timing of the gravitational and electromagnetic signals may be known to within a fraction of the binary s orbit. The point is that during the last two weeks, the source has been fluctuating at a rate of about a decade in the chi-splined frequencies, the results can be attributed to a fundamental difference in the chi-splined frequency of the photons and the gravitons . . . for example, if the graviton is gigantic, resulting in a frequency dependent propagation velocity (e.g. ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? , ? ? ? , ? ; ? ? , ? ; ? , ? ? ? , ? , a n. for example, if the graviton is a giant, causing a constant propagation velocity (e.g. , l? ? ;  ? ? ? ; ia? ia; this sort of potential is shown in fig. 5, for example. I'm sure we could not possibly meet the consistency expected if lorentz symmetry is satisfied in the gravity domain; we must identify the electromagnetic counterparts of the occurrence of massive black hole binary binaries as early as possible. In order to perform such new tests of gravity, one must find electromagnetic counterparts of a coalescing pair of enormous black hole binaries ... (We could already see that in the cosmological domain a great deal of data is needed to make a sophisticated numerical model of gravity.) The lisa goal is to make available to the observers the gws produced by compact objects captured by massive black holes (the so-called extreme mass ratio inspirals or emris) . The authors found that the sky localization errors of these events (Helladians at @xmath37) were also significant. Besides, these authors found that the sky localization errors for these events (Helladians at @xmath37) were well known to the reader, and a good guess was found for them. That is to say, black hole binary mergers are analogous to black hole binary mergers. These electromagnetic counterparts are very rare, and no emulation of dense neutron stars or stellar mass black holes could produce counterparts of this kind. As a result of their relatively low density, a typical black hole will be completely disrupted by a non-spreading black hole of mass xmath39 . this mass limit will be raised perhaps to xmath40 if the black hole is quickly spinning . As a result of their relatively low density, a typical black hole will suffer complete disruption around a non-spreading black hole of mass xmath39 . this mass limit will be increased to perhaps xmath40 if the black hole is fast . . . All these arguments imply that electromagnetic counterparts may exist for a subset of all emris detected by lisa (the subset corresponding to wd inspirals). Moreover, in the case of black hole binary mergers, the emris with distinct counterparts and host galaxies can be used to draw a gravitational hubble, with the significant advantages that, at redshifts of as low as xmath41 xmath42, the residual lensing of line-of-sight obscurities would be of little or no consequence (fig. ) and that the relative value of xmath2 and xmath9 at such low redshifts is strongly influenced by the dominant dark energy content. Dark energy is dynamically significant, and affects the expansion rate and geometry of the universe, and modulates the xmath2 and xmath43 ... - Yes, as emphasized by @xcite, when cosmic microwave background anisotropies are measured by planck, @xmath2 will be accurately estimated at @xmath44, and a low redshift (@xmath45) measurement will be the best complement to the dark energy parameter. but overall, the various advantages that we have outlined point to the need for detailed assessment of the potential of wd emris for precision cosmology with lisa . it is still to be seen how the sky localization error evolves with the merger (or the disruption) time of such events, and what the electromagnetic counterparts are. Direct gravitational measurements, gravitational sketches, and comparisons between the propagation of electromagnetic and gravitational signals, offers fundamentally new ways to probe physics on cosmological scales. direct gravitational measurements, gravitational hubble diagrams and comparisons between the propagation of electromagnetic and gravitational signals, offer fundamentally new ways to probe physics on the cosmological scales .