It was said that the universe of Nls1s was the single most famous of the Galactic AGNs, and was a special, interesting group of active Galactic Nuclei (AGNs). Its narrow optical curves gave out a narrow optical balm emission line [fwhm (h @ xmath0) 2000 km s xmath2] [39] / h @ xmath5; it had a weak emission line, [39] / h @ xmath4] and a strong and a soft x-ray excess. Indeed, a few efforts were made to characterize the nature of nls1s in the past few years. yuan et al. (2008) found that some nls1s possessed a hard x-ray component, and therefore a weak x-ray-spirit at xmath5 is characteristic of the object, and that some of these nls1s have elements of bl lac. Thus, a few efforts have been made to characterize the origin of nls1s. A recently taken Xinglong Observatory. Xinglong is described in this letter as a full-spectral radio source. Xcite has confirmed this by simultaneous observations of _quick_ and _ fermi_, which also indicate that the distributed spectral energies of the radio quasars are similar to those of the quasars of flat-spectral radio quasars. In this latest study, we elucidate an optical change in the object on the daytime. The amplitude of this change in the radio may reach xmath12 in a year, and the long-term variation may reach about 1 mag in the optical. In the recent research, we also discovered the change in the radio frequency during the day. Earlier research has shown multi-wavelength variation in the object on the day to day scale. The light in the radio band may reach xmath12 within a year, and the change in the optical frequency may be a factor of xmath12 mag. xcite, we say, also observed the change in the optical frequency over the past year, analyzing the visible and visible, and finding, with remarkable efficiency, a changing flux in x-rays and chromium in the band. A clear object is measured on the nights of the 30th of March, on the 1st, on the 5th, on the 27th, on the 28th, on the 28th of March. The obtained observations took place before and after each observation run in the twilight. The observations were collected in the same way in the telescope, with the same procedure of applying the iraf package, with bias and flat field corrections. The dark lenses are not necessary because the detector is so low (at xmath19) that the dark electrons cannot be ignored. The apparent magnitudes of the object and the light from those stars are calculated by the apphot task. The measured heights of the objects in the b (b) are compared. Since the comparison stars are brighter than the object, several light source stars are chosen to analyze the errors in the measurement. the red squares are applied for comparing the light from the similar light source. the instrumentation of the object and the selected stars is recalculated with the result that the circular aperture radius twice the mean fwhm of the star in the measured spectrum are used in our calculations. the measured magnitudes of the objects and the angle of the angles are calculated by apphot. The upper and lower light curves are plotted in blue with the corresponding numbers on the axis of the figure 1. The following data from the observation can be divided into two parts: they contain about a week. , the maximum amplitude of rapid variations in the infinity of a single night is so great that the short-term twilight is quite obvious on March 1 and March 25. However, on the night of March 25, there was not a good deal of cloud, and the errors were not very large, and that despite the rather poor weather, inov could still be detected in the observations. When a photometer is used, the detection of infinity depends on the availability of the infinity in the corresponding field of stars. In particular, the twilight of the object sdssj094857 (#1-) is given in the infinity band. This image of the object in the b- and r-bands is shown in figure 1. The slightest variation is so large that, at the same time, in the b- and r-bands, after several hours, the variation in a small amount of time is obvious. We argue that the infinity of the target star is not at all important to our study. The only question that arises is whether the background star’s ionosphere was to blame for the increase in the agglutination of the agglutination in the aperture. , because of the relatively short weather, the presence of inov was not seen from the observations. The inset in figure 1 shows the approximate range of the changes in brightness over the night of april 25. The enlargement of the brightness of the object can be seen to have increased by about 0 . . . 6 mag in the b and r bands, respectively. The inset in figure 1 shows the variation in brightness in the b and r bands within This is the first article of the following paragraph. sent>, but in the second article we will look at a single case, which is SDBJ094857.3 + 002225. So far the best quality of sdssj094857.3 + 002225 has been established by multi- wavelength observations of four sdssj094857 . . . in the experiment above, there is an li> of the Xi (li) series, with the thinned h-at-xmath0 emission yielding a rather low mass of bh and a high eddington ratio (zhou et al. 2003). The authors claim that these four sdsj094857 li(l) series are a new class of li(li)* ray agns, due to their small bh mass, their large eddington ratio, and perhaps their disk-like morphology. The authors opine that the four sdsj9s are a new class of li(li)* ray agns, due to their small bh mass, their large eddington ratios, and perhaps their hosts have a disk-like shape in their host galaxies. The first and second models are used to interpret rl-nls1s. whereas the one which follows is the inclination-based model of the broad-line clouds, whose orbits are random, with random orbits, @xcite. however, the inclination-based model is reasonable because it can be used to adjust the position of rl nls1s in the Xmath8 @xmath23 plane to the immense bh end @xcite, but the massive bhs are not supported by the lack of massive bulges in several cases in which the host galaxies can be resolved. The second model is the accretion mode model @xcite . although our monitor shows that the extremely high radio emission of rl nls1 sdssj0948 + 59 .1 – – 8 + 002225 is mostly due to the beamed non-thermal jet (of which other studies are also related) , a new research of relativistic jets is needed. the accretion is considered related to the radio emission . accretion is thought to be related to the radio emission . accretion is considered to be related to the radio emission . different accretion processes can be found in different ways and might explain the difference in the radio noise . - r - w - taylor, g - b -, sadler, e - m -, ricci, r - , murphy, t -, ulvestad, j - n , winn, j - n - komossa, s - komossa, s - komossa, s - voges, w -, xu, d -, mathur, s - , adorf, h - m -, lem-l, g-a, duschl, w - , - grupe, d - komossa, s - komossa, s - komossa, s - komossa, s - komossa, s - komossa, s - komossa, s - , l-- - - l-- - -