Several decades ago it was known that bright, low-mass x-ray binaries (lmxbs) are at an overabundance inglobular clusters (gcs) relative to the galactic field (katz 1975; clark 1975) . if the predominant lmxb formation channels are different between gcs and the galactic field, the properties of their respective lmxbs are not the same. The reason for this is a possibility that there are strong dynamical lmxb formation channels in gcs and in the galactic field. The most important lmxbs in gcs might be ultracompact x-ray binaries (ucxbs; bildsten & deloye 2004; ivanova et al. ucxbs, which are interacting binaries with extremely small separations of zero and one and very short orbital periods (above x-math5) appear to be rare in the galactic field. In particular, most of the bright lmxbs in gcs are ultra-compact x-ray binaries (ucxbs; bildsten et al. 2004; ivanova et al. 2006) . “ hst” from the astrophysical survey (commons, ) from the gc lmxb of ngc 1851, which was suspected to be a ucxb by a number of circumstantial circumstantial arguments (deutsch etal 2000; verbunt 2005; nelemans & jonker 2006; int zand etal 2007). ngc 1851 was seen three times with the f140lp filter in the solar blind channel (sbc) of the gc lmxb on board the hst. This instrument / detector / filter combination has a plate scale of 0 10, and it has a tin plate scale of 0 10. the frequency of these periods is a direct tracer of the dynamical close contact in gc cores (Nelemans & jonker 2006; Nelemans 2009). that is why they are important and astronomical systems in themselves; they are laboratories for accretion and binary evolution in extreme surroundings, and because they are also strong gravitational waves, which are discernible by lisa (nelemans & jonker 2006; nelemans 2009) . We here present the time-resolved, near-UV spectral image of the lmxb 4u 0513 - 40 in ngc 1851, which was suspected to be a lmxb based on several circumstantial evidence (deutsch etal 2000; verbunt 2005; nelemans & jonker 2006; int z " By this method we have taken into account the flux-dependent characteristics of the light emission from the acs/sbc (stis/fuv-ma) and the F-70 - cs - daophot detectors and filters (Araf and iraf)—and are very similar to one another, although not exactly the same. . . . because the acs - sbc (stis -fuv-ma) image, we used a large-area, iraf-et. . . . . for the acs - sbc - c. . (Italian, in the terminology of the English version, deutsch et al.) is the correct counterpart of lmxb, while two other numbers (in the nomenclature of deutsch et al.) are the more accurate counterparts of t. . . . . and we have estimated this correction factor from a number of blue horizontal branches of stars that are common to both sets of images. we find that our acs / stis / f25qtz indices are three times larger than our stis / f25qtz ones . . . Homer et al. (2001) have already made use of the hst / stis / f25qtz observations to establish the optical/ near-uv counterpart of 4u 0513 It is immediately clear that star a, the counterpart proposed by deutsch et al. (2000) and homer et al. (2000), shows that there is in fact a strong variability in the light spectral distribution in all 3 observing epochs. The intensity of the peak, for example, is more than @xmath16 c d @xmath10, which corresponds to a period of @xmath10 min. The power spectrum, generated from this simple model of light spectral patterns, is shown in the second panel of figure 3 (labelled "Start a simulation"), and clearly captures the main features of the data. It is immediately obvious that only star a shows evidence of a signal at a frequency that is not hst's orbital frequency ( @xmath15), more specifically, the peak is noticed at a frequency of c d @xmath10, which corresponds to a period of xmath17 min. We searched for periodic signals in the data by analyzing the power spectrum , that is, in particular the excess of a signal at a frequency of c s @ xmath10, and for the dominant long-term trend in the data, by setting the simulated mean count rate in each epoch equal to the observed one. As we have seen, the four primary plausible aliases are shown in Figure 3 and 4. to determine the relative likelihoods for each of these aliases, we performed a bootstrap analysis. The acs data was used for this purpose, since the signal is weakest in the acs data, and because there is no unique cycle counting for the large time interval between the acs and the acs data. to establish the relative likelihoods for each of these aliases and to determine the error of each of them, we performed a bootstrap analysis. for all the fake data, we produced a power spectrum, and determined the frequencies of the peak flux. the histogram created from this set of peak frequencies is shown in Figure 5 (described on the power spectrum of the orbit-averaged acs data, which is in the polar region) . in this fit, we obtained a least squares fit for the orbit-averaged acs data for star a. , it is an estimation of the error in the proportion of bootstraps , and, in general, we took into account the number of bootstraps in each alias. The relative number of bootstraps in each alias gives a measure of the likelihood that the alias is true (see southworth et al. 2006, 2007 , 2008, and dillon et al. 2008) . the histogram of the frequency spectrum from this source of peak frequency is shown in Figure 5, superposed on the orbit-mean subtracted power spectrum of all the epochs (the lighted region is indicated in the figure). finally, the power spectrum is drawn from the average of the peak frequency of each alias A final step was to compare the volume of the data to the interval of the stars, in order to find out the changing amplitude of the 17-minute signal. We took this assumption into account, as we did earlier, and therefore we were reasonably able to verify the coherence of the signal. This is because the amplitude of the 17-minute signal is uniformly varying from one epoch to the next, from 3 % to 10 %, and the greatest change was seen between the two epochs of the acs. it is worth noting that there is no contradiction in our claim that the 17-minute signal is present in the stis data and in the acs data, as mentioned above. Furthermore, the average average is fairly simple and almost sinusoidal . it is also worth noting that there is a correlation between the brightness of the system (i.e. the mean count rate) and the amplitude of the 17-minute signal, in the sense that the amplitude of the signal is higher when the system is brightest, and the correlation is not in the same way with the absolute or fractional amplitude. We applied a separate test to each epoch in order to measure the changing amplitude of the signal. The result is shown in Figure 7 and the phase-complex average amplitude of the signal. This signal is roughly sinusoidal, has an amplitude of 3 - 10 %, is present in all four observing epochs, and is confirmed to be entirely coherent. The characteristic properties of this signal are similar to the orbital signals seen in uv / optical observations of other ucxbs (e.g. homer et al. 1996; anderson et al. 1997; dieball et al. 2005) and with a simple model that is used in the role of the reflector in the system (arons et al. 1993) and with a simple model that these signals are attributed to a s reflection of the irradiated star in the system (arons et al. 1993). This dependence on the total luminosity is explained by the different responses of the donor and the disk to changes in the irradiated x-ray ray flux. Consequently, a change of at least one percent of total flux and fractional amplitude would require a factor of about one-fifth of an order of magnitude of at least one-fifth of an order of magnitude of change in x-fractions. . . . if we take the equation for @ xmath23, which is @ xmath25, @ xmath25 (one of the recommended values for this value by the mass-aspect ratio in deloye & bildsten, 2003) , we find a strain of @ xmath30. It is at about the level of 1 - xmath30 for a one-year integration with lisa, and this suggests that the field may be detected, even if it is in the middle of several years. This also depends, however, on the strength and frequency dependence of the gravitational wave background caused by the double wds, which can be dominant in the relevant frequency regime ( @ xmath32 mhz; e.g., nelemans et al.). In fact, the color of the x-ray spectrum and the size of the white dwarf can be reliably regarded as a ucxb (e.g., Verbunt 2005). The measurements of this signal are extremely short, and it is interesting to ask if the gravitational wave signal produced by this source is detectable by lisa. In this, we are accustomed to the procedure of the ucxb "3" (as harris et al., 2002) and @ xmath23 (which we call @ xmath5 by the mass-resolved ratio in deloye & bildsten (2003)) The ucxbs were all observed to have orbital periods of at least thirty minutes, as was indicated in wang & chakrabarty (2005) and in a number of other cases that day are not included in the list of ucxbs mentioned in nelemans & jonker (2006) and int zand et al. (2007) . therefore, the two orbital periods of the ucxbs were not quite clear: the present numbers were not yet large and the effects of selection were not to be accounted for. But it was reasonable to conclude from this comparison that, as the ucxbs and the ucxbs of the field were supposed to correspond to different directions of evolution and that the ucxbs of the field were to be used as a predictor of ucxb formation in two different environments. As a result, the ucxbs of the field were seen to have a period of around 18 minutes (wang & chakrabarty 2004) even though it was not yet mentioned in the list of confirmed ucxbs by nelemans & jonker (2006) and int zand et al. (2007) . “Attention,” M. M. W., long k. s., Charles P. A., hannikainen d. c., van zyl l ., 2005, apj , 634, l105 dillon, M., gansicke, b. t., marsh, t. r., barros, s . c . , szkody, p., brady, s . , krajci, t. , oksanen, a . . . 2008, mnras, 112 , 1487 fabian a . . , pringle j . e. , rees m . . , rees m . . , rees m . . et al., 1996, mnras, 282 , l37 homer l . , anderson s . f . , margon b . , deutsch e . w . priedhorsky, w., white, n. e. 1987, apj, 312, l17 southworth, j ., gansicke, b . t., marsh, t . r., de martino, d . , hakala, p . , littlefair, s ., rodriguez gil , p . , szkody, p . . 2006, mnras, 373, 1145 southworth, j ., gansicke, b . t . , hakala, p . , torres, c . m . , hakala, p . , steeghs , d . , hakala, p . , copperwheat, c . m . , aungwerojwit, a . , a aungwerojwit, a . , aungwerojwit, a . , mukadam, a . .