A decade ago, the galactic plane surveys revealed large numbers of infrared clouds (irdcs) and their subregions in the middle of the infrared. These are usually seen as dark patches against the diffuse galactic middle infrared background. The above studies (and @xcite) affirm that they are very dense, column dense, and masses (@xcite, @xcite) . Moreover, this view is also used in the analyses of irdcs (irdcs, @xcite, @xcite), which are conducted primarily by astronomers and stargazers (p. e. , @ xcite) . . . in irdcs there are 20-cores of a few dozen solar masses @ xcite. * The above studies ( and @ xcite) suggest that irdcs are long-listed examples of clouds beginning to form massive stars and (p. e. ) clusters. Such views are interpreted to support theories for the evolution of irdcs (e. g., @ xcite , @ xcite) . . . these examples are usually compared with regions of massive star formation (msf) such as orion and m17 (e.g., @ xcite) . . . perseus, ophiuchus, taurus, and pipe nebula, would therefore conform to the equiv. . . (see Figure X: Msf-limit) in order to separate irdcs with msf in the future from irdcs without msf. . This statement is based on the more detailed theoretical considerations of section – msf-limits. based on observable msf clouds, we show that eq. (eq. (msf-limit)) is the true msf limit (section – msf-limit) . a, that is, in this sentence – msf-limits, is an observation of msf clouds which confirms eq. (eq. (msf-limit)) as a true msf limit (section – msf-limit) . as eq. (msf-limit)) corresponds, in the term of a series of observations of msf clouds, to eq. (eq.) mass-size-limit) which corresponds to eq. (eq.) mass-size-limit) , which resembles, e.g., ophiuchus and perseus, but not orion (which violates eq. eq. mass-size-limit) . – in a small radius of air, msf clouds (which we show marked red) must contain fragments bound by theoretical msf-limits – eq. [Eq.] mass-size-limit, fig. [Fig.], msf-limit, comparison. – Fig., mass-size-limit – comparison; fig. [Total, average, median, average], fig. [Target, msf-limit]) have been gathered from paper ii (with references therein). (Gate – green – graft-lit – selected msf candidates with cs – msf was detected dense gas, but no radio continuum; – xcite – investigate masers embedded in cs clusters of high bolometric luminosity (from xmath10); – methanol – msf clusters and ultra-contiguous hii areas; – xcite study cygnus – xcite site (using their clumps’ ) – we also use their clumps’ (see fig – msf-limit) – if msf-clouds are observed at the smaller radiuses, then msf clouds (which are shown in red in Figure 1) must contain fragments bound by the theoretical msf-limits. - add or subtract the mass from the extinction maps. In this case, we use @xcite's spaced opacity (the size of which has been reduced by a factor of 1 - 5 to match observed space opacity; - 4 - 2 of paper ii) for a separation of cloud fragments, a series of mass-size measurements. For the interpretation of the density maps of dust, we assume that the density and the visual density are related by @xmath17 @xcite , respectively, the observations - sighs. - we take from @xcite the opacity of the air (lowered by a factor of 1 - 5 to correspond to observed opacity; section 4 - 2 of paper ii) , we take from Xcite the opacity (subtractible by a factor of one factor 1 - 5) and the 2 - proportional sensitivity, corresponding to Xcite - is constrained. - we calculate the closed mass and the effective radius, @xmath16, the same series are drawn on continuous lines. This means that in a particular we derive from Xcite the density of the clouds, the density of the clouds and the visual extinction of the clouds are related by @xmath19. Where this is needed, we use the opacity of the air (as per fig. " ) a) as a rule, the size of the light bulb that has been used in the original paper is of the phased-distance structure, while the mass measured at a much lower level is not considered in the measurement. In many cases (Xcite, Xcite, Xcite, Xcite, Xcite) the size of the light bulb that is listed in the original publication is only half-peak intensity, and the mass measured by mass measurements is, as a rule, quite smaller. so we subtract the mass by a fraction of the size of the bulb, and use half of the absorbed size for the effective radius. lc) approximates a mass-size limit for msf (cv, fig, compactness), cv, cv, section d (second) - approximates a mass-size limit for msf (cv, cv, section d) approximates a mass-size limit for msf (cv, cv, section d) approximates the limit for msf (cv, cv, cv) ‘This Fig. is the most compact fragment, i.e., with maximum @xmath6 / m   rm  lim  ( rm  rm  lim  ‘rm   rm  lim ’) is highlighted by a circle . . . if a star formation region contains more than one fragment (i.e., clump, core, etc.), the most compact fragment (i.e., with maximum @xmath6 / m   rm  lim  (rm    pc    ) is highlighted by a circle . . . if the most compact fragment (i.e., with maximum @xmath6 / m   lim  [ r] ) is highlighted by a circle . . . . , we separately characterize the Xcite sample, including and excluding the em cores and associated sources (which are not dark) . . . in general, however, this analysis confirms the hypothesis that eq. (eq., mass-size-limit) is the limit of msf. (Fig. : mass-size-limit) is the index of each study. Fig. : compactness) gives @xmath32 [13], as calculated for the samples analyzed here. Two interesting trends are shown in the results of these xmath27 data. First, the irdcs have masses, for the given size, comparable to those of solar neighborhood clouds (e.g., ophiuchus and perseus) . In all samples, xmath35 [13] of all clouds have the maximum compactness. The compactness assumes a range of values in every sample. In general, though, this analysis confirms the hypothesis that eq. ( eq.: mass-size-limit) is an approximate threshold for msf. We use a case a of the masses (assuming bright irradiance) of the appended sphere. By way of contrast, the case b, which is also defined by the appended sphere, seems more realistic. However, before determining the final conclusions, we will consider some other equities in our analysis. first, @xcite derives masses from clumpfind, and @xcite derives from gaussian fits. For the former, paper i clearly showed that the masses derived from our dendrogram were derived in precisely the same radius as those obtained from our dendrogram, while for the latter the same is expected, since the gaussian fits describe only a fraction of the emission. Moreover, the biases affecting the data for the msf regions are not without an impact. The observations of the universe are extremely nuanced. Then, it follows that the greater masses found in the xcite, xcite, and xcite models are not typical of the general population. In a given map, our mass-averaged model is determined by a trick of faucet, in which the peaks are brightly colored, and the zones are also brightly colored, as in a trick of faucet. Finally, none of the irdcs found in the xcite, xcite, and xcite samples are 10 typical of the general galactic population. But since there are no distances to be found for the irdcs, we have chosen the most reasonable distances. Figure 1 – With some help from Peretto and Peretto, they have the results that are interesting. Firstly, by number, most irdcs have masses and sizes similar to those of the cloudy sky, in which the stars are insignificant (i.e., they are not compact) . 2 – 831 – 61 – 6 – 3639 – 32 – 23 – 8 – 96 –  –  –  –  –   –  –  –  –  –   –  –  –  –  –  –  –    –  –  – –  –  –  –  – – –  –  – – – – – – pr –  –  –  –  – –  –   –  –   –  –  – – ” , and -23 = cm/m2/l (which corresponds to the volume-averaged density), in spherical geometry, mass, density and mass are related by -53, where -53 takes into account material not connected with the sphere, - in spherical geometry mass, size and density are related by -53, and -53 considers line of sight material that is not related to the sphere - this is an equilateral section. Therefore, the equilateral extension of the star in a particular time requires that -55 further, to form a star of certain mass, -55, a mass reservoir larger than -55 is necessary, -55 - math55 - and - xcite - and - xcite - a peculiar star formation time, with the math60 - " xcite"; - then - math59 - eq - math55 - . - msf - msf -  - - in a model, a collapse of cloud will yield a massive star if - start from the theoretical msf - - [eq - msf - - efficiency ] , in the figure [fig: msf - limit] That is, in a state of cloud slopes which are shallow, intercepts broad, or both, as compared to eq. ([eq]: mass, size, limit]) and the irdc properties (as referred to in the Introduction) – were for example the densest patches in the densest and largest irdcs. But the slightest differences in slopes @ xmath8 in this respect imply that the irdc and the non-irdc clouds are merely different in their absolute properties, while a change in slopes @ xmath7, however, imply _relatively speaking_ relative differences in the structure of the cloud, such as an anomaly in the hierarchical structure of clouds. - of course, we do not rely on such considerations . . . most studies on irdcs, if not on most, are not related to msf. one must therefore be cautious in the use of irdc properties to constrain msf conditions. - and the dust properties, as described in the introduction (= gtrsim   10  5   rm   cm  - 2  $) . these properties, however, imply in principle only the densest patches in large and massive irdcs. At xcite, a small sampling of infrared clouds, if they were separated by a common distance, containing more than 50 % of the area-integrated column density of all irdcs, which suggests that they also contain a considerable part of the mass of the galaxy. In our thesis we examine whether irdcs are capable of forming massive stars. Using the Q-eq-eq-eq, we find that irdcs differ from those adhering to Q-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq)–those who under-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq-eq Perault, M., omont, a., simon, g., seguin, p., ojha, d., blommaert, j., felli, m. & sargent, a. i. 2009, astronomy and astrophysics evans, n. j., dunham, m. j., dunham, mern, b., van dishoeck, e. f., alcal, j. , montmerle, t., persi, p., sibille, f. - 1996, astronomy and astrophysics evans, n. j., dunham, m. j., dunham, m. m., mern, b., burgdorf, m., copet, e. , davies, j., montmerle, t., persi, p., sibille, f.