- well known. There is one of the long-standing problems in nuclear many-body theory, which is the convergence of the perturbative expansion for the effective interaction for xmath3 (or equally well for the effective operators) from realistic nuclear forces. It is well known that a realistic nucleon-nucleon interaction is composed of a few strongly strongly distributed particles, which makes the perturbative expansion of xmath3 ineffective. For the wavy lines of fig. [fig. 1] represent such xmath5 interactions. In fact, barrett and kirson of xcite showed that the third-order contributions of the effective interaction were significant, and raised the question whether the perturbative rayleigh-schrdinger (rs) in the nuclear xmath5 matrix did notconverge at all. However, higher-order perturbative contributions in the xmath5 matrix can be large, and the convergence of the perturbative expansion may be slow or not at all convergent. And it must be mentioned that for the more valence nuclei, the most typical intruder states are: a four-molecule-two-hole core deformed. They have, of course, the same arguments as for the tin and lead layers. The next step is to examine the convergent between two body-based models in the Xmath5 scale. For this to happen, we calculate all the non-intense linked diagrams in the third order in the Xmath5 scale, and the higher order of these diagrams is aggregated in infinite order for the upper part of the thin shells with xmath1 , xmath11 , xmath12 , xmath13 and xmath14 , resulting in smaller energy denominators that enhance third-order or higher-order contributions. Thus the combined action of the above causes the order-by-order convergence of the effective interaction, and, if it does, of course, affects the logical convergence. Similarly, the width of the single-particle wave functions for the states around the fermi energy is also smaller, and as the interaction between nucleon and nucleon is short, the ratios of the matrix of the matrix of the matrix of the matrix of the effective interaction are weaker at the xmath10 - shell . to calculate this, we calculate all non-difference-bound linked diagrams, and then we add higher-order folded diagrams to infinite order for the mass regions beyond the closed shell shells with xmath1 , xmath11 , xmath12 , xmath13 and xmath14 . it is then the task of this work to examine the convergence of the effective interaction in terms of the mass number xmath0 , to see whether higher-order contributions to the effective interaction decrease or increase It is, therefore, the norm in the literature to reduce the infinitely many degrees of freedom of the hilbert space to a physically motivated subspace, the model-like valence space. Xmitry-Steininger (rs) perturbation-expansion stands for energy-independent mode of the system. This is the most commonly used mode of the system in the literature, and one which we will employ here. The wave functions Xmath23 are eigenfunctions of the unforced hamiltonian - with eigenvalues Xmath25 - where xmath26 is the kinetic energy, and Xmath26 an appropriate chosen one - body potential - in this work that of the harmonic oscillator - h.o. -. so that @ xmath30, @ xmath32, @ xmath33, @ xmath34 are the nucleon - nucleon interaction . the energy of the oscillator @ xmath28 is derived from @ xmath29, @ xmath0 being the mass number . Then -[39] the full hamiltonian is rewritten as @ xmath36, @ xmath4 is the nucleon-nucleon (nn) interaction . Xmath1 and Xmath11 are similar in number and size to each other, and their model spaces are the same for protons and neutrons. Moreover, as we have discussed in ref. Xcite, a multi-shell effective interaction may show sharp non-hermiticness, or even a divergence, if the basis is h. o. for lead. But for lead, with xmath55 and xmath56, the proton and neutron model spaces are different, i.e. the orbits of xmath56, xmath57, xmath59, xmath60, xmath60 and xmath61, respectively, for the proton and the neutron model spaces. In this case, we will discuss the orbits of xmath1, xmath11, xmath13, xmath52, xmath53sn., the multi-shell effective interaction will show no hermitic influence, or even a change of trend, if we consider the h. o. basis. These three model spaces are called 'sequential' and are used for nuclear structure calculations and are good in agreement with the experimental data obtained for several isotopes in these masses. The Effective Interactions for ' Xmath11, ' Xmath12' and ' Xmath13' are mentioned in ref. ' Xcite,' where the so-called double-folded scheme has been used. ' Xmath77 is an exclusion operator which prevents the interacting nucleons from scattering into states occupied by other nucleons. Observe that the exclusion operator used in the calculation of the ' xmath5' matrix in this work is different from the exclusion operator applied to the ' xmath15' value of the 'effective' equation. For the bare nn interaction we use the potential bonn a decomposition operator as shown in table a. of ref. . . . , for the bare nn interaction we use the boson-guanine potential bonn a as shown in table a. On the other hand, in this study, we define the “xmath79” box to be a collection of diagrams in the third order of the xmath5 matrix, as we have described earlier. In the third order, we have inscribed the “xmath” box as a collection of all diagrams through the third order of the xmath5 matrix, as has been described in ref. less than ten iterations are required to obtain a converged effective interaction for all values of xmath0. In the final expansion, for example, to all forms of xmath, the disconnected diagrams are found to cancel out xcite . in the valence-linked diagram the interactions are linked (via fermions) to at least one valence-linked line . note that a valence-linked diagram can be connected either by connecting two pieces or by disconnecting . In the valence-linked diagram the interactions are linked (by fermions) to at least one valence line . Note that in the valence-linked diagram the interactions are connected (by fermions) to at least one valence line . as it were, the failure of unlinked diagrams in the Gold-stone expansion. it is the aim of this study to investigate the effects of the various contributions to Xmath88 . By the factor xmath92 we weighted the matrix elements by the factor xmath92, because this factor accounts for the degeneracy of two particle states in relation to the axiom of the projection quantum numbers and, therefore, is applied to the calculation of the energy if all valence states are occupied. sent> omitting to divide the number of configurations by the number of sets, for this gives rather small numbers for the heavier nuclei. In order to test whether the conclusions are valid for all the matrix elements, we also define the mean value of all the matrix elements by xmath99, where the summation indices xmath100 and math101 include again all the two valence states of the model-space. The results of the averages of the diagonal matrix elements (see .  aver1) are shown in Table 1 [tab: tab1], while the averages including the non-vertical matrix elements (see -eq.    -fs>) are also listed in Table 2 [tab: tab] , besides which the averages include the elements of isospins, @   and 70; and we will also report on the results of the average of isospins only for -fs. And in addition, there are a number of features which are sufficient, independent of the mass and model space, for the following: a partial wave, a partial wave, in a number of diagrams, such as several of the folded diagrams, or the particle-pole diagram in a number of diagrams - Fig. 2 - Fig1. Moreover, we observe some features which are valid in the presence of extended matrix elements in Fig. 2 , as we have already observed above, which yield weaker matrix elements for valence nucleons in heavy nuclei than for light systems. - The insertion of a second-order box diagram in Fig. 102 yields to the matrix elements a strong attraction for Fig.69 and repels to Fig. 97. This difference may be understood by the following argument: for the Fig. 2 channel, the major mechanism which accounts for the difference between first and second order is provided by the core polarization diagram in Fig. - [1] . - and for Fig. - the minimum amount of partial wave in the polarization diagram is to the core polarization diagram, while for Fig. - Fig. - the minimum amount of partial wave in the matrix diagram (Fig. - Fig. ) [Fig. - Fig1] . - the inclusion of fold diagrams produces a repellent trend from Fig. - to Fig. - [3] - fig. It was also observed in ref. xcite for the study of spectra of nuclei with valence particles only composed of neutrons or protons . the authors noted that the spectra of e.g., or e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., "incense", and also the e.g., which is well known in the lab, but in the lab, to see the conditions, the ratios, the times, are a little better than the mass, and it is good to see that the e.g. ratios are a bit weaker in the e.g., at xmath75. However, it is encouraging to note that the first-order terms produce only 5 percent, or even below, to the correction. For these equations, if you add the third-order and second-order averages, you will be able to find the effective interactions for this isospin channel. Using these equations, the third-order and second-order averages are very close, indicating that the effective interaction can be estimated by combining all diagrams to the second order and the folds to all orders. This means that the methods of the method of the calculation of the effective interaction in the valence nucleons, which have been used more extensively in the mass regions of xmath9o and xmath52ca, can be applied to the mass regions of xmath109sn and xmath110pb, as has recently been done in refs. : xcite . . . mhj. gratefully acknowledge the financial support of the norfa (northern academy of astrophysics) and the encyclical peduncles of norway. . . . the accelerated growth of the nucleus of heavy nuclei, for example, is mainly attributed to the proton-proton-nucleon and neutron-nucleus residual interactions. We observe, however, that various features of the overlapping geometry, discussed above, can also be found in heavy nuclei. The mean values for diagonal elements of the matrix, calculated according to eq. (Second Table), are indicated in the first row, assuming various approximations for effective interactions. a result for lead is listed. . . . for the proton – proton model – space (@ xmath114), and for the neutron – neutron model – space (@ xmath115) is given. . . . 1765 engeland t, hjorth-jensen m, holt a, kristiansen t, and osnes e 1995, in preparation. . . . [ a]