A sne’s activity has greatly improved during the past few years. During the past few years it has led to some very ambitious research projects and scientifically ambitious proposals (e.g., the nearby supernova factory ocdering et al. 2001; the light-thrower probe perlmutter et al. 2001; the “sne - Aim probe” perlmutter et al. 2001; the sne - Aim probe” perlmutter et al. 2001; the sne – Aim probe” – Perlmutter et al. 2000; automated detections in sloan digital sky surveys (Dssss) data vanden berk et al. 2001b; and at least an order of magnitude increase in the numbers. An undefined class of sne is a wide-field, moderately deep survey (e.g., reiss et al. 1998; gal-yam & maoz 1999; hardin et al. 2000; schaefer 2000) together with cosmic sne surveys (Caseyac et al. 2000; Cryo-yam & maoz 1999; 2002; Hardin et al. 2000; schaefer 2000). For example, a group of large, high-pointed sneia could be used as a measure of the acceleration of the universe (ryss et al. 1998; perlmutter et al. 1999; see the book of pipips) — for a large, high-pointed sneia could provide a cosmological constant of cosmological constant, cosmological constant xmath13. a priori work (riess et al. 2001) was carried out on large samples of high-pointed sneia (@xmath13) to show that the transition from matter-dominated deceleration to @xmath13-dominated acceleration occurred, consistent with a nonzero cosmological constant, Xmath13. In a further, further study (ryss et al. 2001) based on a single sneia of about xmath13 may indicate the transition from matter-dominated to 9mutter-dominated acceleration. . . . . . leonard et al. (2002a; see also hflich et al. 2002a) suggest that it may be possible to obtain a better value of the epm for sneii - p simply by measuring the mean visual magnitude of the plateau, thereby avoiding the need for a complete epm analysis, unless a more accurate distance is required. However, as a means of information extraction, which consists mainly of the sn type, redshift, age, relative to the years of the explosion or peak brightness, spectroscopic, however, may not always be possible or practical. The analysis and classification of sne is usually carried out by the spectroscopically obtained information. It usually includes, but is not limited to, the information about the type, redshift, and the age (with regard to the dates of a sudden explosion or peak brightness), etc. spectroscopic methods are almost always based on spectroscopic verification and classification. The spectroscopic method has the advantage of providing information that, in sne that are not known in the literature, is of no great use, especially with the development of astrovirtel (http://www. astrovirtel.org/astrovirtel) and the national virtual observatory (brunner, djorgovsky , szalay 2001) . the present work is to facilitate the scientific exploitation of sne for which there is no spectroscopic evidence. Aspectroscopic spectroscopic follow-up is, for instance, insufficient, if there are considerable numbers (up to a thousand) of sne, which, even if they have been discovered before, have long since faded by the time they are found. . Finally, the spectroscopic study of sne in archival data (ga-yam and maoz 2000; riess et al. 2001; ga-yam et al. 2002) may be too faint for spectroscopy, especially at high redshifts, in which s But we will now argue that it is impossible to solve the classification of sne with this method. The main theme of dg2002 is to select sne from an observed sample, based on the light-resolved differences between the photos taken at the same time and at the same time, as a result of their measurements of the host galaxies and the sne themselves. Their analysis relies heavily on the specific observational design used by these programs, i.e., the comparison of images taken at intervals of days, which were designed to detect sne at the peaks or in the very highest light. As the authors of these programs show, this type of observation is strongly biased towards the discovery of sne. Dg2002, however, do not merely search for sne in the scene viewed by a particular observational approach, but we propose general general methods that apply to all the major sn categories and can be used in all sorts of surveys, including those similar to those performed by dg2002. Here five of the six clearly visible sne they found (and all of them clearly associated with a host) were also well-known. so far the most important thing is to make a precise determination of the sn type from observations of the host. For most of the sne types, the redshift can be determined from observation of the host, and is taken for a known parameter. But it is not easy to make such an assessment because we want to establish the sn type with an arbitrary, but known redshift; it is not easy to make the redshift. k corrections are still unknown for all sne types and all ages. so that, after adjusting for the redshift, we can calculate synthetic colors for various sne types in a given redshift. therefore, we concentrate our efforts on multicolor broadband spectroscopy for the classification of sne. However, for many of the scientific uses of sne (e.g., the determination of sne rates) the age of each event is immaterial. However, if we want to determine the type of a sn with an arbitrary but known redshift, it is not easy to apply broadband spectroscopy. The corrections for k-resolved sne at all ages are currently unknown. We therefore concentrate our efforts on the use of multicolor spectral color for sne. Fortunately, the most common classification of sne (see Fyodor Pavlovich 1997) is based on spectral properties, with one notable exception, which we will discuss below. We have already decided that the classification of sne is based only on spectral properties. We have taken into account the light curve and the wavelength of each spectra, and it is necessary to distinguish between sne subtypes of different spectral characteristics. Our classification, therefore, is based on spectral properties. Type I sne is divided into two types: type I sne, which have prominent hydrogen lines in their spectra, and type I sne, which do not (minkowski 1941). Type I sne is further divided into type ia, which are characterized by an absorption trough about xmath21, attributed to blueshifted si ii. xmath226371, 6371, and type ib which have prominent hei lines, and type ii - without si ii and hei (e.g., Matheson et al. 2001) and references. Fortunately, the common classification of sne (see and subjects for this) is most often based on their spectral features, with one notable exception, which we will discuss later. (c) In the 1990s, the study of sne shifted from photometry to spectroscopy. There were new subtypes of sne iin, iin, iib. In our study, we consider only sne iin, iin, and ib as subtypes of the sn population. a) In the light curve of the sne, the sne iin, in contrast, form the semi-normal sneii, and they develop into sne iib (filippenko 1988, 1996, and references therein) and sne iib are transition objects that appear first as a rather normal sneii but change themselves into sne ii (filippenko 1988, matheson, & ho 1993, matheson et al. 2001, and references therein) sne iin and ib are probably a large fraction of the sn population that has been classified as ii l only based on the light curve of their shape (about half of the sn population, e.g., cpspscv, cappellaro et al.). Therefore, we consider now only sne ii, p, iin, and ib as subtypes of the sn population. The data we have available for this test is based on available spectra or on a test which is not currently available, so that of the latter three events 18 - a profile in h@xmath7, typical of sne ii - p. 13 events are or are not of these types, and only 6 (five) events are known of those not included in our test. We are aware that there is a large population of intrinsically faint sne (e.g., sn 1987a) in the population. We are aware that a large population of intrinsically faint sne (e.g., sn 1987a) may be underrepresented in current sn statistics. Therefore, we think that we will be able to find a significant number of these individuals in our test, for example, compared with those discovered during the year 2000, which were either logged in the iau circulars or with any other information that we have. And thus, 91 events (83%) constitute our spectroscopically defined sample of sne (ia, ib, ic, ii, iib, ii) , 12 events (11 %) may or may not be of this type, and only 6 events (5 %) are known to be of the types which we have not included in our database. We are aware that a large population of intrinsically faint sne (e.g. sn 1987a) is probably underrepresented in current sn statistics, and the analyses of future surveys which are sensitive to such events may be necessary for their inclusion in our database. The base criterion was that the spectra be of large wavelength and several epochs; besides, a few complementary spectra of other events were included, in order to check consistency and fill gaps in the temporal evolution when needed. As for the subtypes of sne which are well defined, we have chosen the prototype . the fundamental criteria were the availability of spectra with a wide wavelength and multiple epochs; and in addition, there were a few complementary spectra of other events to verify consistency and fill gaps in the chronology of the temporal evolution when necessary. the spectral database of our subtypes consisted of only spectra of normal sneia, but we consider the effects of peculiar sneia in a subsequent chapter. For sneia, peculiar (overluminous, sn 1991t-like or underluminous, sn 1991b-like) events are rather well defined, and may occur quite often, at least in low-redshift environments (li et al., 2007). by means of our spectral database, we calculate the synthetic colors of sne at a chosen redshift, according to the johnson-genitoberus (johnson 1965; cousins 1976; see moro et munari 2000 for details), - Color diagrams . . . note that in all the plots we show, the ordinate and abscissa are made up of the same colors, of which there are adjacent bands (e.g., @xmath28 vs. xmath29 vs. xmath29 vs. xmath1 etc.) . since most of the spectra in our database are of a wide wavelength range, error bars usually appear only on one axis. in the following section we present such diagrams, discuss their use in the classification of sne, which is made up of several colors, and derive a few general rules. for optimal results, one must look for color diagrams with the maximum information content, which are known color, which gives the best image. Note that the choice of colors that give the best image is also dependent on redshift, which is apparent in the filter system, and therefore depends on redshift. In this section we present such diagrams, discuss their use in the classification of sne found by various programs, and derive some general rules. for example, in figure 1 we compare our data on sne to the template colors of normal sne (leaf et al. 1995) . In the blue part of the spectrum there are several lines that are strong (well-preserved 384104) . the lines dominated the spectrum produce unique colors for late-time (and ad hoc id) sneia (e.g., figure 3). This illustrates the well-known variety of sneia spectra (Freippenko 1997). Our spectra for sne id p are drawn against the data of the last, well-preserved sne id. (Freippenko 1997) . It can be clearly seen that the results agree perfectly to about 70 d past the maximum brightness, and a bifurcation is seen in our calculation. in later work, we will retain both branches of old  old sne iii p (which is marked by the spectra of sne ii – in a darker shade) and treat the color space of these two branches as possible places for such sne. In contrast to sne ii, the color path of sne ii – is smooth. The underlying spectral evolution is most strongly driven by the change in the slope of the continuum, from very blue at first, to becoming redder with age (e.g., filippenko 1997) . " Xmath36 d is obvious that old sneia have unique colors ( Xmath37 d, Xmath37 d), as well as some of the sneii p (ages 1890 d) which are the most pronounced. But, moreover, the center of the diagram is occupied by all types of sneia. We can see, for instance, that a sneia of unknown color, with colors of xmath43 d, xmath43 d, would be impossible to classify only by these colors. in fact, we can observe that the values of extinction, which are only observed, can be uniquely determined as sneia. For example, a zero-redshift sn of unknown color, with colors of xmath43 d, xmath44 d, would be impossible to classify based only on those colors . and the middle panel of figure 3 shows that if one examines another color, such as xmath1, this degeneracy can be partially reduced. For example, a zero-redshift sn, of unknown color, with colors of xmath43 d, xmath43 d, would be impossible to classify only on those colors . However, the center of the diagram is populated with all kinds . Then we can reduce the galaxy's light by subtracting from the snphotometry a certain proportion of its light from the sn photometry. This is because our approach assumes that the redshift of a sn is known in advance and is generally observed in the observation of the host galaxy , it should be possible to deduce from snob image the light of a snob . for young sne ia the worst possible thing is that the contamination by a red elliptical host would have made them look like redder sne . . . . In order to test the effect of this non-subtraction of host-galactic light or of the perfect incompressibility of this light, we numerically, in order to express the actual fluxes of the snob and host galaxy, by the ratio of xmath48 . , xmath49 and xmath50 are the means and the constant flux of the host-galactic flux, corresponding to the snab spectrum. For young snee, the worst scenario would be to get a red elliptical host that would give them the appearance of redder core-crystallized snee. I have given the example of what sne ia could be differentiated from other types by @xmath57. At @xmath57 sne ia has the most negative value of a negative value, namely sne ia. Its only type with an exponent of a negative value is sne ia. Similarly, on the @xmath57 line the only type with a negative value is sne ia, and the only one of them with an exponent of a negative value greater than 0 .6 mag, and the smaller value of a negative is 0 . 3 mag. But in the course of most of the temporal evolution of sne ia, the distinction between them from other types is almost unaffected by the reddening of the host star by a certain amount, as you can see from the vector in the sn rest frame. And as a result, the available spectral information for sne ia is increased to a more ethereal wavelength. This exploitation is evidently more difficult. In the middle panel of figure 4, a similar diagram is computed at xmath57. During the most rapid evolution of sne ia, their distinction from other types is almost unaffected by dust from the host galaxy, as can be seen from the vector plotted (the redness is calculated in the sn rest frame) . * of the first color. It is only 15212 2024 .2> in the johnson symmetries. Using this system, we can extend the analysis to higher redshifts. * The system consists of 3 filters (163, 1416, 1312) which are in the corresponding range of redshifts between 71 and 75, 593. At nearly all ages, 155p develop very red (7mi1ami1p) colors, and 3p develop very red mion colors (mion) two months after peak, and ib and ic are the only ones that have mion colors that are redder than mi1n3, and 6590 141. From this point, in12doesn2 and 23, 2(to reach 12) by the fourth month. As soon as we move further up the redshift scale, we need to use the infrared () filters. Figure 5 shows that sneinnnn1 at xm77; at nearly all ages, sninp has distinctive blue colors ( @ xm75 and @ xm77), whereas snnnn2n1 a recent example of this was demonstrated by riess et al. 1998; coil et al. 2000). The peculiarity of these sne ia is also tested (riess et al. 1998; coil et al. 2000) in the first observation (riess et al. 1998; coil et al. 2000). Using synthetic colors for the coding of high-io, o, a relatively high-quality sn ia, we assume that the sn spectra do not grow very far with redshift. The use of synthetic colours, calculated from spectra of local sne, for the classification of high-io, o, will not affect the result. As a result, this is a caveat that must be addressed as soon as spectra of distant core-sne have been available. In the second example, we have gathered the spectra of the most extreme varieties of peculiar sneia: under-luminous (sn 1991t – like; e.g., filippenko et al. 1992a) and under-luminous (sn 1991bg – like; e.g., filippenko et al. 1992b) objects, as well as the spectra of sn 2000cx – a unique sneia, which may be considered a subtype of itself (li et al. i) is also inaccessible to the sne ia of the two species. The first of these is the danger that the sne ia will take up precious spectroscopy for followup spectroscopy. At low redshifts, where sne ia are rare ( @ xmath90 % of the population of sne ia; Li et al. 2001a) the second, when the spectra of luminous, high-up, sne ia, are not known, then luminous sne ia can masquerade as sne ia. This problem is limited at low redshifts, when there are only faint and high-up events in the network, luminous sne ic is not found, but there is a very slight absence of sne ia, and this is not particularly a problem of our study. first, there is no need to remove unwanted non-ia sne ia sne and take up precious space for spectroscopy; second, when only faint and high-up events are available, luminous sne ic may masquerade as sne ia . The latter problem is acute at high-up, as sne ia do not belong to the same class, and may be lost in the coloration field. Moreover, as a matter of fact, there are no 'peak' sne, which, by taking 'peak' sne as a specific element, cannot be obtained from the color 'xmath', but the inclusion of the 'xmath' band information is not considered to be cost-effective. The sne at that time, as measured by high-k, 'xmath' 'd', as measured by 'xmath'72,' is not very different from the 'sne' at 'xmath72', but this feature is not even the 'bad' mode of 'red', but it is the most effective modulus of 'red'. ' sne' was the third signal reported from sdss data. In 'Sne' at a similar redshift ' (see fig. 8). The graph below shows the exact age of the object and its approximate age. In this age, sne's colors, in general, are hardly the same as those of older (and, at xmath92 weeks past,' and thus their equivalents in 'blue', for example, which is why they are visibly bluer in 'xmath72 than 'ia' at a similar redshift '. The diagram below shows clearly that this is a sne', one month old. These observations were made on 15 oct. 2001 by vandenberk et al. (2001) in the Keckii 10 m telescope of the keckii10 's. I asked the sne's The aim is to get the uv spectrum of each sn subtype into account, and if one wishes to use these bands for the classification of sne, one must know the restframe uv spectrum, for a number of objects the uv spectrum is only available for a few objects, while methods such as those discussed here require multi-epoch coverage of several objects for each sn subtype. In order to better understand this class, it is necessary to know the uv spectrum of each sn type, in particular the absolute peaks and scatterings of each sn type, the typical light curves and relative rates of the different types, would also be useful. For example, the figure in which we plotted the locations of all the species at this time is as follows: we summed up the location of all types at the beginning of this month. This feature, with the limiting magnitude of a survey, could be used to calculate the time a sn of a particular type spent within a region and to deduce the probability that the observed event belonged to a particular type. Further characteristics of the various sn types, especially the absolute heights and scatterings for all sn types, the typical light curves, and the relative rates of all sn types, would also be useful. In a word, there is no doubt that such methods may be used for the detection of another transient phenomenon, the gamma-ray bursts (rhoads 2001). It is then calculated that the number of sne will be more than 11,000, or 11, 000 sne. This is an exciting application of the methods developed in this paper, the discovery of sne which is found in the southern strip of the sdss. According to the website of the sdss (http:://www.sdss.org/documents / 5 year-baseline.pdf) in the course of the five-year-baseline, this 270 square metre area will be surveyed at the same time during the five-year period, or, on average, four times each fall. if the method of sampling allows the discovery of all sne that occur during the month of the "sdss" , in the period of XMMW19 months, this area will be surveyed at the same time, for five years, or, on average, 337. 5 years . miknaitis et al. (2001) say that sne of all kinds (not only ia) will undoubtedly be much larger than this. pain et al. (1996) have measured the rate of sne per year per square degree in the magnitude range xMMW104, and the limiting magnitude of sdss images in this band is given as xMMW107 mag . we expect to see some 2300 sne ia each year or over 11 000 sne ia in this strip. However, it is clear that obtaining the spectra of thousands of faint sne each fall is not possible. In this respect, it is a more appropriate method for detecting the sne, assuming the redshift is known, to use the sn photometry, for the classification of the sne, assuming that the redshift is known, to use the photometric redshift, for which our methods may be of use, assuming that the redshift is known, which is more appropriate. we thank the many people in a . . . . , especially a . . . barth, r. chornock, l. c . ho, and j. c. . . . and j . . . thank the many people in a . . . . s group at the university of california, berkeley (especially a . . . . barth, r. chornock, l. c. ho, and j. c. . we have shown that the type of a sne may be a unique one in some cases , even if it is not so, constraints can still be drawn on the type. , which was also analyzed by the supernova cosmology project, and by the nearby supernova factory. d. m. thanks the israel science foundation the jack adler foundation for space research, grant 63 - 69 - e. aldering, g. , supernova cosmology project, & nearby supernova factory. aldering, g., supernova cosmology project, & nearby supernova factory ... 2001, baas, 199 - 1101 - a - - - - -, - , --, - a -, -, - - - a -, -, -, - ; -, - - -, -, - -, - -, - for the financial support of nsf grants ast9417213 and ast9987438 - a - -, - - -, -, -, - -, - - -, - -, -, -, - - - , - -, -, -, - - - , - - , - arnett, w . d., bahcall, - , - - - -, kirshner, r . p. , - - - - - - - - , - p. - woosley, s . - . Tchitchikov, a . . . . dahln, t . , et al. 2001, a . . . fassia, a . . et al. 2001, mnras, 325, 907 filippenko, a . . . 2000, pasp, 113, 1441 filippenko, a . . . , barth, a . . . , bower, g . . . . . , h . . , string-fellow, g . . . , goodrich, r . w . , porter, a . . . _______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ - ** * * **** * . . . . * * ed. , p. ________________ , in print, astro-phlog / * 09089;09089 gal-yam, a. . . , mao-z, d. , et al. 2001 , apj, 566 , l63 hamuy, m., et al. 2001 , apj, 566 , l63 hamuy, m., et al., 2001, apj, 566 , l63 hamuy, m. , et al., 2001 , apj, 566 , l63 hamuy, m., et al., 2001 , apj, 566 , l63 hamuy, m. , et al., 2001, apj, 566 , l63 hamuy, m. , et al ‘I think you’re lying,’ said Konstantin Khokhlakov, ‘you’re lying, you’re lying, you’re lying.’ That’s what they said. ‘Send, and we’ll make a mess of it,’ said Konstantin Khokhlakov, ‘and I’ll have it all on my plate, to show you, if you want to find out a truth.’ 2003a, pasp, 114, 35 leonard , d.c., et al. ’03 – pasp, 114, 35 leonard , d.c. et al. ’03 – pasp, 114, 35 leonard, d.c. et al. ’03 – pasp, 113, 1178 li , w . et al. ’03 – pasp, 113, 1178 – della valle, m . “Ivan Paul, a phillips, a phillips, a phillips, a phillips, a phillips, a phillips, a phillips, a phillips, a phillips, a phillips, a phillips, a phillips, a phillips, a phillips, a phillips, a phillips, a phillips, a phillips, a lira, p . . . , suntzeff, n . b., schommer, r . a , tammann, g . a . . . , b-yue 79816339 qiu, yue , qiao, qiao, qiao, qiao, qiao, qiao, qiao, qiao, qiao, qiao, qiao, qiao, qiao, qiao, qiao, qiao, qiao, qiao, qiao, qiao, qiao, qiao, q , hu, hu, j . 2001 , baas , 197 . et al. 1998 , apj, 500, 525 schlegel e . m. 1990 , mnras, 244 , 269 schmidt, b . p . kirshner, r . p . , et al. 1993 , , 330, 40 schmidt, b . p . , et al. 1992 , apj, 500, 525 sullivan , m ., ellis, r . , nugent, p . , smail, i . , & madau, p . . . . , d . . . v . sent> , d . . , sullivan , m ., ellis, r . , n . . filippenko , a . v . , he richmond , m . w . 1997 . . . , 132 , 485 treffers , r . . , peng , c y . 0052 - 2 - 1998dt - 2 - 0 . 0050 - 2 - ic - 1994d - 14 . 0052 - 2 - ic - 1994i - 14 . 0075 - 2 - ii - p - 1999em - 27 . 0048 - 1 , 2 - ic - 1994i - 14 . 0058 - 1 - 5 - 1991bg - like 1991bg - 5 & 0 . 0049 - 6 - 9 + iin - - 2001x - & 172 - clcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc - like - 1992 bg - 2 & 0 . 0029 - 5 + iin - 0 . 0069 - 5 + iib - & 1 - iin - 1999gx -