In the classical picture of magnetic barriers, magnets can be considered as selective transmitters that filter the electrons according to their angle of incidence . . . In the most complex case, a magnetic barrier, which is precisely localized along one plane, and homogeneous in the other, is revealed. This theory argues that magnetic barriers can have high degrees of spin polarization with suitable materials. . . . In a two-dimensional electron gas, a 2deg, is sensitive to magnetic fields, making it inhomogeneous. In the case of an electron gas with a two-dimensional electron gas (which is two dimensions in length), the pressure of a perpendicular magnetic field is sensitive to the effects of perpendicular magnetic fields. It was observed that, even for strong magnetic fields, the resistance remains finite. These theoretical studies suggest that a high degree of spin polarization can be obtained with magnetic barriers in suitable materials. For example, in the classical picture, magnetic barriers are seen as selective transmitters, in which the electrons are filtered according to their angle of incidence. In a ballistic case, one would think that above the critical threshold, the barrier closed, all electrons were reflected, and the resistance reaches infinity. In all experiments reported so far except ref. , the magnetic barrier was designed as heterostructures by magnetizing a ferromagnetic platelet placed on top of the sample with an energizing magnet. In order to intensify these effects, we have prepared our ferromagnetic films from dysprosium, which has a very high density of magnetization, @xmath2 . Moreover, a top gate was used to regulate the density of electrons. This paper is organized in a semi-classical picture, based on the billiard-style billiard-pollar-beam model . . . a hall bar geometry, fig. 1 , was defined by chemical etching. A dysprosium platelet, a thickness of @xmath5 , was defined in vitro. This geometry allowed us to drive the barrier well into the closed-loop regime, where the flow through the structure is solely determined by the effects of interest here. We conclude the paper with a summary and a discussion (section v). In addition to these results, we have prepared our ferromagnetic films from dysprosium, which has a particularly large mass of xmath2 . It is found that (i) the combination of both wave-edges and elastic scattering in the barrier determines the resistance, (iii) reasonable assumptions regarding the distribution of scattering angles for elastic scattering lead to a good agreement between the experimental data and the model, and (iv) thermal smearing has a minor influence at liquid helium temperatures. The sample table is equipped with a rotating sample holder, so that the magnetic field could be oriented in the x-z plane with an accuracy of better than -math8 degrees. -math17 The ratio of the angular carrier density and the electron mobility was determined by the four-component measurements of the components of the resistance tensor, -math10 and -math11 in perpendicular magnetic fields. Then we determine that the maximum external perpendicular magnetic field component is below -math17. -math17 The ungated electron density is -math12, and the mobility at -math8 is -math13, corresponds to a drude scattering time of -math14 and an elastic mean free path of -math15. -math17  (c) For example, -math19, -math19, -math19. The z- and -subductor of the fringe at 2deg is strongly localized on the edge of the dy, in the x-direction, and forms the magnetic barrier. a current of a frequency of a frequency of a hundred Hz is passed from source to drain. The magnetic flux is measured by the voltage measured between contacts 2 and 3 (fig. 1); the voltage that passes between contacts 4 and 8 is used to calculate a resistance of a magnetic barrier at xmath24. xmath24 is calculated by atomic force calculations of the dy-edge and is a much smaller one (so much so that the b field required to have saturation (i.e. a b field) needed to form saturation (i.e. a b field) , i.e. a @xmath27 pulse passes from source to drain. hysterical, reflecting the magnetization of the dy-film. we therefore neglect this ad . . . and the table of the magnetic barriers for the x- direction is derived from the hall voltage measured between the two contacts in the 1m   mb2  mb2 . . . we assume in the following that the magnetic barriers at both ends of the dy-film dy are in all the same order. In this case, the micromagnetic properties of the dy-film which become more important at the 1m  xcite have no obvious effect in our experiments. As shown in fig. mb1 , the resistance of the magnetic barrier (inset in fig. mb1) is measured as an average over the spatial extension of xmath35 in the direction of the probe contacts 4, 8 and, in fact, over xmath35, according to xmath36 , according to xmath37 , the hall resistance is, as a rule, less than the width of the probes, according to xmath39, and this has an effect of xcite, compared with the findings presented in Xcite. . . . that our structure, according to xcite, is sufficiently described by the ballistic model, though the mean free path is smaller than the mean free path, and therefore the maximum magnetic field is multiplied by the mobility of electrons, and the maximum magnetic field multiplied by the mass of electrons, i.e., xcite, we assume here that the magnetic barrier on top of our cross is sufficiently described by the ballistic model, although the mean free path is smaller than the width of the probes . . . Here, however, the fwhm of our barrier in the closed regime is no larger than xmath40 and thus much smaller than the mean free path, and the maximum magnetic field multiplied by the electron mobility , i.e., xcite for our system, and we have no reason to assume otherwise, compared with the findings reported in ref. . . . “The increase in temperature also increases the barrier’s magnetic resistance, and the region above the barrier is less rectilinear, and the hysteresis is less. As temperature increases, the barrier’s magnetic resistance reduces, and as the shape of the barrier becomes more nearly triangular, the hysteresis decreases. The larger the distance the electrons are injected, the greater the xmath48. As the temperature rises, the magnetic resistance decreases. The advantages of the dy film diminish. As the temperature rises, the barrier resistance decreases. Our numerical approximation of the magnetic resistance is shown in Figure 7. Our analysis is based on the billiard-model for quasi-ballistic conductors, and on the landauer-bttiker formalism. the electrical fields along the barrier surfaces are constant and reflective. As we will explain in more detail below, this behavior is an amalgam of the increased scattering and the reduced coercivity of the dy film, as well as the lack of thermal smearing of the fermi function. We solve the differential equations describing the classical motion of electrons to obtain their trajectories, until either it is rejected by the barrier and passes the shortest line in the opposite direction, or it passes through the barrier and reaches the x position @xmath47 on the right. The distance if one injects the electrons at a longer distance does not change the results. The table above has a scattering angle of about gaussian angle – that is, we assume a scattering angle of about gaussian angle – with a standard deviation of @xmath53 and limited to – xmath55 – and at a scattering event the angles between the initial and final direction of the electron flux are varied by the distribution function described above – a regular distribution of scattering angles, a gaussian distribution of scattering angles – and we have also assumed a square distribution of scattering angles – namely, an interval of about xmath58 – and a probability of zero for larger angles – although at small fields we have found a slightly higher value than that for the resistance (about 2 – 5 – %) but in the closed regime we have found the same values. We note that the density of the electrons beneath the dy film may differ from that which is measured outside, as a result of the different schottky barriers. At each magnetic field , 40000 electrons of fermi energy are injected. the dy film under the dy is known to form a gaussian distribution of the scattering angles. A linear distribution is also derived from this, with a constant probability of scattering angles at xmath58, and a zero probability of large angles. We observe that the times of flight between two scattering events are varied by the angle of math59; math39 is the angle between the x-direction and the direction in which the electron is injected; math62 is either math62 or math63 depending on whether the electron xcite from eq. , the longitudinal resistance across the barrier for a given carrier density is readily calculated from xmath68 . It is clear from the figure that the figures indicate the critical energies for which the infinitely extended barrier in a ballistic system will close (the corresponding inverse conductance of @ xmath72 is shown in the inset). In the case of this kind, the numerical results closely correspond to the analytical expression @ xcite and reproduce the critical angle of incidence at which the magnetic barrier closes to an accuracy of 1 degree. The corresponding inverse conductance of the magnetic barrier, as a function of electron energy, for various values of @ xmath72, including edges and scattering. Figure 2: The thermally extended 2deg, and the bar does not contribute to @ xmath72 . In the experimental trace of Fig. 2 , the bending of the halo of the field is reduced to zero. Large symbols in the figure represent the critical energy for which the infinitely extended barrier in a ballistic system will close (the energy dependent conductance of @ xmath73 is shown in the inset) . , a linear resistance with scattering and edge electric field is obtained by using a small quantum scattering time of @ xmath69 . [2 ] For a comparison of the simulations with the experiments, the magnetization trace _____ is shown in the inset of fig. I note that the estimated threshold for the barrier resistance is only slightly reduced by the strength of the electric field. This property is the only reason for the finite resistance in the closed regime, as long as the scattering is not considered. Moreover, the applied electric field is measured, and this value is the upper limit. It is calculated from the measurements of the inclination of the walls at xcite, and is in agreement with the fact that a potential change in the order of xmath74 cannot occur over a length smaller than the total width of the fence. In a disordered system, the resistance is also a finite one, as the scattering occurs. Fig. mb4 , where the elastic mean free path was z-max_) . . . and the shape of the measure is reproduced, but its absolute value is different by up to 30 %. , we point out that in this simulation the only variable parameter is the distribution of the scattering angles, taking into account the boundaries of the edge electric field. in a disordered system the resistance is kept finite by the scattering events, as we have already seen in fig. mb4 . . . It is noteworthy that the traces are symmetrical from one another, attributed to the mingled-contour geometry of the device. We avoid fitting our experimental data, since the further uncertainties might have an effect on the accuracy. We can therefore conclude that the changes of @xmath29 with temperature are in addition to the temperature dependence of @xmath82, and this in part is due to the temperature dependence of the scattering times. (a) We present in a controlled manner the energy-dependent conductance of the magnetic barrier, by varying the energy in eq. , where @xmath79 is the basis of the fermi-drac distribution function , in other words, by varying the equator’s density , i.e. . in eq. , 22 – which is, in fact, independent of the temperature. - a similar relationship has also been confirmed by an analytic investigation of the infinitely extended magnetic barrier in a ballistic 2deg - eq. – by varying the energy of eq. , xmath77 becomes independent of temperature for xmath81. Slightly lower the radius of the meshes, and therefore with less polarization, a second polarization occurs, in which a second polarization occurs. In addition, it is found numerically that the current polarization increases with the increase in the thickness of the meshes, but is below xmath84 for all magnetic fields. However, this value is about five times larger than the values obtained for magnetic barriers without edges, and we conclude that the interstitial transmission tends to increase the polarization of the current , even in the case of a 2deg in ga [al] a that is very small. Moreover, the barrier magnetoresistance is insensitive to thermal smearing, spin polarization, and magnetic mass effects. Moreover, the barrier magnetoresistance is insensitive to thermal smearing, spin polarization and magnetic mass effects . . . . We have examined the resistance of barriers, in the quasi-ballistic regime, in the quasi-ballistic regime, and we find that the finite resistance, observed in the closed regime, is derived from both elastic scattering in the barrier region and from telegraphing of @ xmath0 at the edges of the barrier bar. first, both larger diameters and smaller halls will reduce the telegraph telegraph telegraph telegraph telegraph telegraph telegraph telegraph telegraph telegraph; however, our simulations show that very soft edges reduce the telegraph telegraph telegraph telegraph telegraph telegraph telegraph telegraph telegraph telegraph telegraph telegraph. lastly, we have incorporated magnetic mass effects "We acknowledge the careful reading of the manuscript by matthew jenkins, the constructive discussion with hengyi xu, and the financial support of the heinrich-heine universitt dsseldorf.