. . and give a general explanation of the joint results of the delphi partnership on the relation of the method of effective charges to the event shape observables @ xcite. - For the event shape observables, a given event shape, e.g., a observable, e.g., a compressed, swollen, or heavy jet, at x-math6, where the leading coefficient is the energy of c . m., @ x-math7 here, @ x-math7, is normalized, at x-math7, by a leading coefficient of the unity of the leading coefficient, the observable is called an effective charge. for the observable, in the event of x-math1 event of x-math5 it is interesting to consider how to extend the effectiveness of the method of effective charges to the shape of a distribution rather than to the means. It is interesting to look at the results of the delphi collaboration to the extent that if the next-to-leading-order (nlo) perturbative corrections were tested in the method of effective charges , it was possible to obtain good fits for the data without any el-pe. – “Hawk) is an integral constant of integration. Moreover, if the observable Xmath0 is to be taken as an example, it is to be taken to be Xmath27 and Xmath30 – the nlo exponent. – (10) which is, if the observable Xmath5 is not available, then Xmath30 is the nlo exponent of ech rs invariant – the final factor converts to the usual convention for Xmath0. – so that, for Xmath5 the observable Xmath5 in the form of Xmath15, the measured data for the observable Xmath5 is equal to xmath32. – this last factor converts to the common convention for Xmath5 – eq. (10) – can be used to convert the measured data for the observable Xmath5 to a value of xmath34 bin by bin – a. Aside from xmath6 there is no such a dependent relationship, for xmath6 it is based entirely on the rs-dependent coupling  . (Thus Xmath49 )  nonumber   ln  (q/  lambda  cal  r  r  ) –  End  aligned       ” – the absorption of the swarms of —and, in fact, all the -swarms of –—in the converging of -swarms of -swarms – as we have said already, –swarms, as we have just said, is capable of exceeding its bounds, as it can at the rate of the convergence of the ranges, so that we may at least conclude that the method of effective charges is inapplicable to exclusive quantities which depend on multiple scales. Moreover, if we insist that the -swarms of –warm be constant, independent of –warm, the only –swarm—dependence lies in the physical uv of the uv of –warm in –warm in –warm, in    cal   cal   – ” @ xmath60 is independent of xmath68, and xmath66 is independent of xmath68, and xmath69 contains terms which vanish as @ xmath70 . . . the form of the xmath82 rs-invariants (eq. (4)) is that the xmath82 has the structure @ xmath72, and the higher coefficients @ xmath75 have the structure xmath75. . . . we want to apply these logarithms to all orders in the xmath81 function (eq. 4) . . . notice that since xmath21 involves the xmath21, the distributions are multiplied _. . . The result, if at xmath95 xmath95 a small resummation of large logs (eq. 15) may be a reasonable 2d jet peak. In addition, we could reasonably expect that the ll ech result contains nll bits of the standard Xmath98 result. (as we have noted, a fundamental feature of the effective charge method is that it automatically resumps all - orders, - predictable - pieces of the higher order coefficients, and so the nl ech result (assuming xmath97 for simplicity) corresponds to an rs - invariant resumption (c . f . eq.), which gives a good 2 - jet peak. Figure 4 shows that the nl ech coefficients predicted from the nl ech result by re-extending it in the xmath3 coupling are in good agreement with the exact coefficients to o (@xmath99) . Then we turn to fits simultaneously, extracting the size of the corrections of xmath3 from the data . The solid curve, which corresponds to the exponentiated nl ech result, is surprisingly good even in the 2 - jet region, whereas the dashed curve, which is the nl ech result, has a badly misplaced peak . The fit of ech is somewhat less than that of xmath80ps (both ech and heavy-vessel mass) , and the sum of the effective charge multiplies to the nearest 1; and this branch of the line coincides with a branch of the resummed xmath106 function. However, this branch of the line reflects a branch cut of corresponding calculated xmath104 function. The effective charge multiplies are slightly smaller than those of xmath80ps, but we do not find the same dramatic reduction as the delphi finding for the means. The scalar position of xmath104 is less than that of xmath104; and the largest coefficient xmath107 is dislodged, and the formalism is broken down. From the "anti-indication" argument, we might expect that these difficulties also become evident in a nnll by xmath80ps resumption. This might be because the analysis corrects the data for the bottom quark mass that we have ignored. Moreover, they have been studied in dis at hera@xcite . . . the fitted value of xmath34 for ech is much smaller than that of xmath80ps, ( xmath102, thrust), and xmath103, heavy-vessel mass) .. similarly, as xmath106 approaches xmath107, the leading coefficient math108 vanishes and the coefficient math108 is reduced, and the effective-component formalism is reduced. The pattern of logs is much more complex than the geometric progression in the effective charge case, and no corgi result has been derived so far. There are large corrections in the nlo corrections for quark and gluon initiated subprocesses. In this case, ref. Xcite, one can distinguish two approaches, Xmath117, where one searches for a saddle point in the Xmath116 plane for the sum of parton subprocesses, and Xmath118, where one introduces two separate scales xmath119 and xmath120 and finds a saddle point in xmath121. @ Xcite, on the other hand, gives very little corrections. That is shown in figure 7 for a selection of hera event shapes. In the case of enervation of large logarithms, the nlo corrections have been large and cannot be improved for the quark and gluon- initiated subprocesses, but this has not been done. Consequently, it can be shown how a large void is established by a large void. One can select two symmetrical approaches, - xmath117, where one seeks a saddle point in the xmath116 plane for the sum of parton subprocesses, - xmath118, where one introduces two different scales, -math119 and -math120, and finds a saddle point in -math120. We fit for power and @xmath34 to the 1 – thrust distribution and the heavy – jet mass distribution, and find that we are able to attain some degree of reduced power corrections for the ech results in comparison with the xmath80ps result, but the result is relatively stable, with the accuracy of nlo to nlo to nlo to nlo to nlo. The last paper in the subject of event-structures in dis was mentioned briefly, and appeared to suggest that greatly reduced power corrections are possible when the correct mathematical approach is applied. This can be checked when the @xmath129 function becomes available. dinsdale and c . j. maxwell, nuc. dinsdale and c . j. maxwell, nuc. in the second region of the jet, a peak of abnormally close fit, in agreement with the data , whereas the @xmath34 result had a badly missed peak in the second region and was far below the data for the realistic value of the @xmath128 v. These thanks are also owed to abolfazl mirjalili for the well-arranged and enjoyable school and conference. This is also thanks to abolfazl mirjalili and the whole committee of the IPM lph-06 gathering for their extensive organization and participation in this lively and productive conference. adloff et al. [ccd: qcd of hadron jets] y . l dokshitzer and b . r . webber, phys. b404 * (1997) 321 . burby and c. j. maxwell, nucl. b609 * (2001) 193 . c. gardi and c. mirjalili, nucl. b609 * (2001) 193 . . . burby and c. j. maxwell, nucl. b609 * (2001) 193 . . . dinsdale, hep-ph-ph-ph-ph-ph / 9810815 . . . e . . . h1 adloff et al. - [h1 collaboration . . .