“For centuries it has been thought that electro- magnetic probes, i.e., real or virtual photons, would be a means to detect the formation of a gluon-fluid plasma in ultra-relativistic heavy ion collisions. we consider the plasma to be in thermal equilibrium (temperature t) with vanishing chemical potential. The mathematical basis for the calculation is the effective theory with the result of the summed hard thermal loops (htl) of xcite. Using the energy distribution of the photons, it is possible to measure the temperature of the plasma, if the rate of production in the plasma exceeds that of various backgrounds. at lower energies, the rate of decay of the hadrons is dominated by various decaying processes, and at higher energies, the normal hard processes (which take place in the very early phase of the collision before the plasma is formed) are most calculable by standard perturbative qcd methods. We introduce here a pre-factor at xmath5 which gives the expected exponential damping at xmath7. . . . of long distances of xmath13. a thermal deficit of the one-circuit re-stack is observed at xmath17, which is of the same order as the inverse re-stack at xmath18, and a thermal deficit in the form of the re-stack is given for the moments of xmath21, whereas the thermal deficits are basically higher order than the thermal disturbances. if one took the example of the fermion re-stack @xmath14, which in the bare theory is simply xmath14 (we don’t pay attention to spin and merely use dimensional analysis) , oh, there are better diagrams in the effective theory than to those that show how effective the propagators and vertices are, and what are the observations in the perturbation theory. The result has been known for some time and can be expressed in simplified form as @xcite @xmath24 where @xcite = thermal mass of the quark . this result has been known for some time and can be expressed in simplified form as @xcite @xcite @xcite, where @xcite is related to the thermal mass of the quark. We see that the large logarithmic term @xmath25 dominates over the constant term @xmath26. The thermal contribution to the one-circuit correction by xmath16 is found to be @xmath17, which is of the same order as the inverse propagator when @xmath18 is of order @xmath19 . in the case of the fermion propagator @xmath14, which in the Is this the first enlargement of the first graph, and one enlargement of the second graph by a factor of xmath (Figure 2). Here we concentrate on the second graph, which corresponds to the bremsstrahlung production of a photon or to the antiquark annihilation process where one of the quarks is destroyed in the plasma (see fig 2). Here, however, we have to keep it simple. For the kinematic range of our interest, we have to have the second graph increased by a factor of xmath37 by a factor of xmath41 which compensates for the gluon’s admixture to the quarks. This result is derived from the calculation of xmath39 by a factor of xmath41, which consists in the integration of the two loops by a factor of xmath39 which is of the type indicated by the dashed lines in fig. [9] - to calculate xmath3 you have to cut the propagators as indicated by the dashed lines in fig. [10] Hence it is in a non-coherent regime. Some effects can reduce these over-estimated predictions: lack of chemical equilibrium and, most importantly, higher order corrections, as will be discussed later. Since the corresponding two- and three- loop results are of the same order, it is sensible to worry about the convergence of the pronounced expansion in the effective theory. The enhancement mechanism which can be employed by two- and three- loop is quite similar, especially in the ladder-like figuration shown in fig. a recent study of the ladder-like diagram shows that, in the case of an extra longitudinal gluon, we can check that the lineage between the two- and three- loops is a cut-off, and the three- loop contribution is suppressed by a factor of xmath12 compared to the two-fold. Besides, for a transverse gluon both regulators are of order of xmath51 (as long as xmath51 is in place), and the three-fold diagram is of the same order as the two-fold one. In a kinematic configuration of interest, for example, one can check the presence of @ xmath50 and debye mass in the case of an extra longitudinal gluon, so that @ xmath50 and debye mass act as cut-offs, which suppresses the contributions of the three-fold more than by the one-fold. This problem is similar to the magnetic-mass problem that linde referred to in the perturbative calculation of the free theory. Suppose, however, that the equation of ‘the effect of the heat of the gaseous gas’ were carried out by two distinct circuits. The result was the result of an oscillation of the form @xcite_@xmath_53, and, with respect to xmath_55, the effect of the damping rate . . . if the pressure was great enough, then the effect of the damping rate would be negligible and the two-circuit calculation would be appropriate. Thus, in the case of a real photon (at xmath_59), the state in question is dominated by bremsstrahlung, while the region in question is dominated by scattering (see fig. , fig. ) . The equation a rascally formed by the finite element eq  . is a simple interpretation of the Equation a. a rascally. The Equation a = 12′=14′, a equation whose parameters can be set at xmath66 if @ xmath65 be large enough, the effect of the damping rate becomes negligible, and the two-circle troughs should be adequate. The top-arc is the result obtained with a vanishingly small width. The upper curve is obtained by taking the vanishingly small width. The expression “mu” in 13 (xmath64] is seen in Fig. the process of hard photons in the plasma is very complex. New processes occur at two loops, which significantly increase the rate of photon production calculated at one loop . . . however, for virtual or small mass virtual photons the higher loop diagrams become important and the rate turns out to be non-perturbed. [3] The problem discussed above is a more general situation concerning thermal green s function, relative to the light cone at xcite. [4] if the virtuality @ xmath72 of the hard electron pair is sufficiently large, one falls in the domain @ xmath72 and the perturbative calculation at two loop is sufficient . . . Thank you for the fruitful cooperation . . .