Here we are discussing a few studies on the subject of star formation around agn. Many of these studies have examined the formation of stars around agn. Of these, the earliest studies have centered on kiloparsecs to a few hundred parsecs, and these studies have been focusing on stars in the vicinity of central black holes. One of the problems affecting these results is the difference between the sizes of the two stages of agn and star formation. The differences between agn and star formation are characteristic of different timescales, and our observations are sensitive to scales that are different too. There is, for instance, a correlation between the active phase of star formation around a black hole and star formation around a black hole. The agn and star formation phemonena occur on different timescales and the observation is sensitive to different times and sizes. For example, the most recent studies have shown that agn and star formation are related to young (i.e. less than a few hundred myr) stars. This correlation, however, does not necessarily imply a causal connection. – and we have developed adaptive optics to attain spatial resolutions of 0 – 10 – 2 , which brings us closer to the nucleus. Using these methods we have already investigated the properties of nuclear star formation in a few objects, and are now bringing them in step with new data on five more objects. In observing near-infrared wavelengths, we have obtained two important advantages: the wavelength is 10 times less than at optical wavelengths, so our data are less susceptible to the effects of extinction, which can be substantial in agn. in this paper we remedy this imbalance. using the optical technique we have already examined the properties of the nuclear star formation in a few objects and taken up in detail at near-infrared wavelengths; and also employing resolving optics to attain spatial resolutions of 0, 10, 22. We have also taken advantage of existing data in a model of star formation and for our models based on the assumption that the profusion of stars is mutually influenced by agns. In short, we will examine the properties of the nuclear star formation in the smallest dimensions. This sample enables us to examine the agns in agn from the radius of a few hundred parsecs to less than 10pc. in  obs: we will discuss the selection, observations, monitoring, psf estimation, and extracting morphological and kinematical features of the radiative and radiative surface. Its source selection is largely determined by the technical considerations for the adaptive optics system, which is to have a bright and compact nucleus that can be corrected by the adaptive optics system. This is because in the infrared we know that we are looking down into the nuclear region and hence we do not face any influence from this. Finally, we present our conclusions in [Ex. 1] conc. . This is to say, it is a strength, for it means that 7 of the nine agn are really broad lines, either by the classification given in the standard type 1 classification or because there is clearly broad (fwhm@ xmath5kms @ xmath6) br@ xmath7 emission in our spectra. Such agn do not occupy a convenient place in the standard unification scheme (and perhaps should not be considered as type 2 objects). We have grouped our sources in order to enhance the size of the sample and to add new targets. The selection of sources was driven by technical considerations of the adaptive optics (ao) system, which consists of a nucleus that is bright and compact enough to accommodate good ao correction. Fig. abrg shows broad br@xmath7 in k-band spectra of three galaxies that are not usually called broad-line. . this is in contrast to the more recent evidence that the obscuration in perhaps half of type 2 galaxies is at the k-pc scale, and that it is not the nucleus that may be caused by spatially extended star formation in the galaxy disk. As a result, the standard deviation around the logarithmic mean resolution of our sample (excluding ngc2992, see section 0] is a factor of three. However, it has enabled us to study the center of agn over almost three orders of magnitude, from one kpc in the distant objects to only a few parsecs in the nearby objects with the best ao correction. A summary of our observations is given in Table 1 (tab. ed.) and is given below. As iras05189-2724 is almost face to face, there is no very strongly preferred axis and the slit is oriented north-south; whereas ngc1068 is oriented east-west. and the slit is at the intersection of 0 . 086 and 14 horizontal lines of 200 sec. at the intersection. For iras05189-2724, 12 meshes of 300sec were made; for ngc1068, 12 meshes of 300sec were made at one angle, and 14 meshes of 200sec at the other. In all cases, the slit width was 0 . 086; for ngc1068, 12 meshes of 300sec were made at one position, and in other cases, 14 meshes of 200sec. the galaxy nodded from the slit by 10 to allow for the subtraction of the sky. Then the pre-processed frames are divided into cubes, aligned to the bright nucleus as a reference, and combined, the final cubes are then compared with a median filter using @xmath11, which applies the gradation of the three, four, or five magnitudes, and the computed coefficients are checked in three apertures with 2mass or 1 million, and in 13 apertures with broad band imaging from naco or hst . besides, the measurement of the spatial resolution (see below) is always done after this stage. Then the data was processed using the dedicated slit software package, @xcite, which provides similar processing to that of long-slit data, but with the added ability to reconstruct the skeleton. In certain cases, the strong near-infrared oh lines did not add well, for longer exposures, as the time for the variation of oh is only 12 minutes. the reconstructed spheres were also reconstructed, shifted to align with the bright nucleus and combined, arithmetic transformation is performed to correct the oh lines. , the spheres are reconstructed into cubes, and visual inspection of the reconstructed cubes showed signs of over- or under-subtraction of the oh lines, then these cubes were reprocessed by using the method described in @xcite. There was an estimation of the spatial resolution (see below) at this stage. “In any case, we applied the concept of core and halo to the psf; then the gaussian fit would be limited to the core, while the moffat fit would be the whole core plus halo. Taking the concept of core plus halo’, we have the gaussian fit for the whole core, and the moffat fit for the whole core plus halo , in each case the resolutions obtained are listed in table [40] . the resolutions obtained are listed in the table [50] . oh sky, a flint line, a line of oh sky. , the psf measured for ngc3227, as shown in fig. 1 of xcite, is typical. To make the 1d distribution of refraction and absorption feature possible, we derived a function of the continuum, which has a spectrally unresolved template; in the case of refraction lines, it is an oh sky refraction line, and the moffat function makes a good fit because it also matches the rather wide wings that are characteristic of partial adaptive optics. In this way, we have found a functional of the refraction and the absorption features by fitting a function of the continuum with a spectrally unresolved template, in the case of refraction lines, it is an oh sky refraction line, and in the case of absorption lines, it is an oh sky refraction line, and so it dominates the refraction. I shall call it kinematics @xcite , we have used it to estimate the best position angle and axis ratio for the velocity field, to eliminate high-order noise from the raw kinematical extraction, and to recover the radial profiles of the velocity and the radius. and the radius of the displacement of the atoms. For these reasons, the kinematics were further processed using kinematics @xcite . The kinematics were further processed by the kinematics @xcite . mathematically, the kinematics fitted the data with a linear sum of sines and cosines with various angular scalings around ellipses. and the irregularities of the axis field have been assumed to be isotropic, and no correction of inclination was applied to the inclination that was measured. The largest part of the kinematics derived as above are of course still affected by smearing . . . so smearing is not a matter of concern for kinematics, but is only an analytical expression of the observed data . . . where smearing is concerned, and the coefficients of this expression are used or used to constrain a physical model, then smearing is of course necessary. In all cases in which we have studied this, the kinematic centre of the velocity field is assumed to be in the vicinity of the midpoint of the non-stealth continuum . . . there is no evidence of warps or twisted velocity contours . . . and this is the form of kinematics. There are some details and calculations for individual objects in the Appendix . . . where the beam has been small, we use the principal dispersion as a general measure. In addition, we use three fundamental diagnostics to calculate the rate of formation and intensity in the nuclei of these agns, namely, the width, the supernova rate, and the mass-to-light ratio. This procedure focuses on estimating the dynamical mass for all the agns and on the ratio of mass to light . . . but more detailed physical models for the nuclear disks, which properly account for the effects of beam smearing, will be presented in later publications. The most important question in this chapter is how we do accounting for the contribution of the agn to the diagnosis of these parameters. In this section, we describe the tools of the trade which are used to analyze the data, and which lead to the general results presented in section . . . general details and analyses for individual objects can be found in the appendix . . . in addition, we use three common diagnostics to quantify the intensity of stars in the nuclei of these agns, the br@ xmath4 equivalent width, the supernova rate, and the mass to light ratio. We assume an exponentially decrepidating star formation rate. This was shown by @xcite, who measured these values for elliptical, spiral, and star-forming galaxies. , they used co2 - 0 2 . 29 in the k band, or co6 - 3 . 62 in the h band . if the equivalent of these two dimensions is Co2 - 0 2 . 29 in the k band, we use Co6 - 3 . 62 in the h band . Nevertheless, the equivalent of these measurements is Co2 - 0 2 .29 in the k band or Co6 - 3 - 3 1 . . . although the equivalent widths of Co2 and Co2 are different in individual stars, their combined dimensions are still in a very limited range. The results for various star formations are shown in the center and right panels of fig. fig. , fig. ; fig. ; fig. ; fig. ; fig. ; fig. ; fig. ; fig. , fig. , fig. , fig. , fig. , fig. , fig. , fig. , fig. ; fig. Fig. , fig. , fig. , fig. , and fig. x. , and slit stars forming in a hii form (the hii) galaxies. It turns out that in the light of stars, in the less accretive flux of the light, i.e. the co-features of the stars, most notably, are independent of the age and time of the stars. This is shown empirically by the photometric analysis of elliptical and spiral galaxies by xcite. To convert from absolute magnitude to luminosity, we use the relation xmath31 and the total luminosity in the 1 . 92 . 5 bands, in units of bolometric solar luminosity (xmath31 ) . (see Fig. Equiv) the stars calculation, shown in fig.  equiv, shows that this conversion is also independent of the formation history, being close to xmath26 - no extinction, for all ages and ages. agian origins, and for agian origins, the fraction of light emitted by the emitted non-solar emitted light is @ xmath24 , where @ xmath24 and @ xmath25 are the apparent and intrinsic equivalent widths of the co features discussed above. The dimensionless ratio of xmath37 depends on the age and the exponential decay timescale of star formation. so, even if the history of star formation cannot be determined, a conversion ratio of xmath37 will have an associated uncertainty of only 0 dx. in general, the diagnostics of the stars can be constrained by constraints on the age of the stars, and so the errors are reduced accordingly. This is shown in the left-hand panel of Fig. X. [fig. ] [fig. ] and in general can be extended to the age and timescale of the stars. and thus, if the star formation is not constrained, then a further estimate of the circumference of the narrow circumference of the subwavelengths of the line can be calculated from the narrow circumference of the line, which is a little larger, and with fwhm a few hundred kms @ xmath7, which can be indicated by an outflow. We can calculate the type ii (subduction of the supernovae) from the subwavelength of the radii using the relation @xcite: @xmath42, where @xmath43 is the non-thermal radio-radiian luminosity, @xmath43 is the thermal radii of the radii. In general, we are able to constrain the age and the time of the formation, and thus our errors are less. Illusions in the full beam will be very compact at the very top. As a result, it is possible to use the peak surface brightness as a diagnostic parameter for the maximum (unresolved) contribution of an agn to the radio continuum. For stars, however, this is not quite possible. In fact, we are careful to consider the contribution of the agn to the radio continuum. details of the data in each case are given in the relevant section under the object's name, in the appendix to the object's name. As for the nuclei of Seyfert galaxies, we assume that if the nuclear radio continuum is spatially resolved (i.e. low light, low temperature) and does not possess the morphology of a jet, then it is probable that the radiation from the agn originates in extended star formation. We therefore use the peak surface brightness as a diagnostic indicator, based on the k-band luminosity. This yields the ratio @ xmath48 of the stellar mass to the k-band luminosity, for which Fig. - fig - Fig. . in many cases, however, the estimation of the stellar mass is not at all straightforward. Then, as a diagnostic measure, we normalize the ratio at xmath48 with the k-band luminosity, and in particular we use the same system for estimating the agn's contributions. However, this may not be a perfect test for starbursts. To begin with, we begin with a simple keplerian mass, assuming that the stars are driven by ordered rotation, avg @xmath50, in a thin plane. However, the stellar kinematics in all galaxies show a significant amount of dispersion, indicating that a large mass is supported by random rather than ordered motions. Therefore, the simple keplerian mass is an excessive one, and any estimation of the mass of the earth is subject to considerable uncertainties, see for instance @xcite, who derives masses of spheroids based on the mass of spheroids. although this uncertainty is of course quite considerable, it does not affect the results and conclusions of this paper, since we are concerned mainly with order-of-magnitude estimates, when assessing the mass surface density. This is possible because the individual data have been analysed in a consistent way, using the tools described in Section diag. ; we assume that the random motions are isotropic . we note that when calculating the mass of spheroids with various density-structures, the factors included in their appendix b are equal, by a factor of three, between the "xmath" and "xmath" terms, respectively. we assume that the random motions are isotropic . therefore the simple keplerian mass is extremely underestimated, and any estimate of the mass is associated with large uncertainties (a factor of 23), and thus the simple keplerian mass is very much underestimated, and any estimate of the actual mass is associated with large uncertainties (a factor of 23), for example, @xcite, who calculates masses of spheroids with different That is to say, in general we have decided that there is some component of the universe of the inner star. In 8 of the eight agns studied here, we have been able to use classical star formation diagnostics, which depend on the general formation of the line and continuum and on kinematics, to constrain the age of the inner star formation in the region around the agn. In this way we have found in all cases a population of stars close to the agn. In these two galaxies the half-width at half-maximum is less than 50pc. Moreover, the gamut of agn, at half-maximum, is not within reach of 50pc. However, it is clear that the mass of the stars increases very steeply towards the agn. In 8 of the 8 agns shown here, we have been able to make use of the classic star formation diagnostics, based on the line-line and continuum fluxes, and the kinematics of the star formation, to ascribe the ages of the innermost regions of the agn. [8] size scale – size scale + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + At relatively young ages, we conclude that the star formation is short-lived. Hence it may be argued that the star formation is episodic, occurring in short intervals. The scale of the explosions and the time interval between them would probably have an impact on the fraction of seyfert nuclei in which observational programmes can be made to find evidence of recent star formation. The first evidence for nuclear stellar disks came from limited optical spectroscopy, and a slight reduction in xmath60 was observed for some spiral galaxies at xcite. Besides, a preliminary analysis of the optical integral data of ngc3623 shows that the stellar population responsible for xmath60 is not younger than 1gyr. and these galaxies were now increasing in number, in that the phenomenon might be observed in 30 % or more of spiral galaxies at xcite. [Non-hydro-hydro-hydro-hydro-hydro] was interpreted by xcite to be the result of a young stellar population amidst a dynamically cold gas, which makes a significant contribution to total luminosity. And the k, as a maximum mass, a merged system consists of, as a rule, innumerable thin spherical stars, one can apply the expression k m to calculate the scale. kmmmmmd> – and, while the disks seem flat, they are in fact thicker than they appear to be, because their radial height is only a few times the scale height. Several years ago, for example, a little thicker and rounder pdmm2m were found in the majority of early, early, and virgo-type members of the virgo-type virgo-type xcite; and they traced back to 0 611 65 m in some of the wet mergers of that cluster xcite. Although this is not entirely suitable, we use it here to obtain a rough estimate of the 5m 60 560  °. . . . “ So we used the stars to estimate the average star formation rate. In order to make an accurate comparison between the objects, we normalized the measured area to the same area of 1kpc @ xmath69 . Because xmath12 is shorter than the age, the average is divided into active and non-active phases of the starburst . . . therefore, for xmath68 myr, the star formation rate would have been at least a factor of a few, and perhaps an order of magnitude greater. In order to allow a meaningful comparison between the objects, the measured areas have been normalized to the same area of 1kpc @ xmath69. . The answer lies in the Schmidt law, and the mass surface density of stars we have estimated in table . . . [Fig. 2] shows these surface density at the radii over which they are estimated, revealing a trend towards higher density at smaller scales and at an order of magnitude of a few times, as shown in fig. 3 . Fig. 4 . inactive phases . . . The rate of star formation is probably caused by the density of the mass of the planets. This has been shown by the figure - magn - which shows the bolometric luminosity of the stars as a fraction of the entire bolometric luminosity of the galaxy. The resulting values for the ratio of these objects range from 30130 to 30130, within a factor of two of the benchmark' value 60 of which is given in Section - Descriptive . For these objects the extinction of the young stars must be relatively low. Besides, since the formation takes place in very small regions, the absolute luminosity of the stars is rather low. [15] We have calculated a range for the ratio of the ratio of 590 to be appropriate for each galaxy, using different ages in table - descriptive . As we assume that all the k-band stellar continuum is associated with the young stars, we have chosen the lower end of the range in order to minimize the possibility of overestimating 590 . “Let me tell you, the “a” we use here refers to the whole disk, not to a single star cluster. The main difference between the ulirg model and the starbursts that we observe in the vicinity of agn is the spatial scales on which the starburst occurs. It is remarkable that the “a” of the luminosity density of xmath74l @ xmath1kpc @ xmath2 is calculated by @xcite for the ulirg model, which they model as optically thick starburst disks. the limiting luminosity density of @xmath74l @ xmath1kpc @ xmath2 is the limiting quantity of xmath75l @ xmath1 / m @ xmath2 , that is, at a density of xmath75m @ xmath1 / m@ xmath2 , which is quite unusual. In the central few quadrants of a star, the level of radiation has been filled and the star grew. According to the ulirg model, the ulirgs radiate to the eddington limit, defined as when the pressure of the gas and dust dominates over gravity. This limiting density of xmath75l @ xmath1@ xmath1 by xcite, is an order of magnitude lower than the eddington limit . In a certain case, the gas could be there already in the disk. Hence, if the gas is very efficient, it will convert a considerable fraction of its gas into stars in very short time, at a rate of xmath77l / m , a star would not be formed , for the reason that the star formation efficiency is only xmath81. the object of the schmidt law is that a disk with a higher surface density will form stars more efficiently. the result is based on the schmidt law, which predicts that the disk with a higher surface density will form stars more efficiently . Thus, the star formation efficiency is at the level of xmath78l / m , the timescale is not dependent on the amount of gas in it. hence, from the arguments based solely on the schmidt law and mass density alone, it follows that the gas supply would be used rather quickly and the star lifetime would be relatively short. Thus, for a star to reach its eddington limit, it must be very efficient, converting a significant fraction of its gas into stars in very short xmath80myr times. It is also an inestimable product of the agn luminosity, in absolute units, and in relative units of its eddington luminosity, which is calculated from the black hole mass, for which there are estimates for these galaxies of the normal distribution, et cetera, the ratio m-h-m-h-m , the kinematics of the light objects, etc. we note that these errors are a result of the uncertainties which characterize the age of the star formation from the available diagnostics, and also from the period of the formation of the star, as well as of the time scale, X-math-12. We note that these errors represent uncertainties in characterizing the age of the star, from the diagnostics available, and also from the timescale of the formation of the stars. Despite this, we do not wish to over-interpret the figure. Having acknowledged this, we do not wish to over-interpret it. For the age of the star formation, we plotted the time since the last known nuclear star formation occurred, as given in table [tab: depo] . For the age of the star, we plotted the time since the last known nuclear star formation began, as shown in table [tab: depo] . we note that these error bars reflect the uncertainties in characterizing the age of the star from available diagnostics and also in the timescale for the formation of the stars [p. 11] . however, there are many implicit assumptions in this calculation, and we therefore caution that the actual errors in our calculation of the age of the star may be greater than the stated ones. , the combination of which would well support the categories above. It is possible that, for instance, the agn activity is delayed and the agn activity is still active, or the agn activity is suppressed once the black hole is active. The interpretation is that either the agn activity is delayed and the agn activity begins, or the agn activity is suppressed after the black hole has been active. The energy released by the agn may also help this process, and it is proposed that the molecular torus is obliterate . . . in the last section we assumed that the agns are self-equipping: that very high star formation efficiency cannot be sustained over long periods. (The prologue: prophecy) in Section 2 (Petition 3, Ppt 1), we said that the star bursts are somewhat self-equipping; that very high star formation efficiency is not sustainable for long periods. The heating of the agn could also be related to this, and is proposed as the reason why the molecular torus is geometrically thick . This is certainly plausible, but it does not explain either why the star formation in some galaxies with a lower agn already ceased, or why none of the agn associated with the young agns are assassinated efficiently . in this we argue that this agn is a sign of agns that are at least 50100 agns . this also helps to suppress further star formation. [Whi-whists - s - gn] in the central parsec the authors argued that almost none of the gas which flowed into the central parsec reached the black hole, for in this region the winding winds of irs and hei stars were present. Xcite, in order to be able to accrete all the inflowing gas, calculated the mass loss rate - not the mass loss rate, but the speed at which it is ejected. In the case of mechanical winds of young stars, the flow and the angular momentum of the gas (because of the angular momentum of the stars themselves) are both greatly diminished. However, the timescale of the delay, which is a order of magnitude greater than the period of the main sequence, cannot be explained. in the case of the central, almost none of the gas that reached the black hole came from the gas flowing from irs17 and hei stars. The authors claimed that almost none of the gas flowing into the central parsec reached the black hole from the outflowing winds of the irs and hei stars. , there was a small delay in the accretion, that is, an order of magnitude greater than the main sequence lifetime of the galaxy. - fl *ftl >qdd - is at the top of this range, so to reach the right of the position is xmath96myr, a delay equal to the delay portrayed in fig. - xcite - this equation is set to xmath100, where xmath100 is the mass of the particle moving through a gas cloud, xmath54 is the velocity of the particle in relation to the cloud, xmath101 is the density of the cloud far from the point particle, and xmath102 is the sound velocity. This approximation is still used to calculate the absorption of supermassive black holes in models of galaxy evolution - xcite - even if it is somewhat inaccurate for realistic (e.g. g. turbulent) media - xcite . . . it is enough to explain the role of the wind in the accretion of the central black hole . the density of the stellar wind at a distance of xmath51 from the parent star is given by xmath103 in our case, xmath51 is the distance from the star to the black hole . - Therefore, we assumed that xmath105 was greater than the orbital velocity xmath106 . this equation indicates that xmath105 . even though the mass loss of individual ob and wolf-rayet stars is quite similar to that of agb stars, agb winds will fuel a black hole much more efficiently . we assume a middle radius, an order of 40pc, in which it is probable that some, or even most, of the agb winds are accreted onto the black hole. [Fig. 1: star-stack] it is this order of numbers which has been used to scale the stars model (for @ xmath-100-year and a period of 100 years) , and so you can just write off the mass loss. The mass loss of such winds begins at about 0 . 1m @ xmath-111yr @ xmath-111, and then tails off in proportion to the K band brightness, leading to a cumulative mass loss of  xmath-113m @ xmath-111 . . . , even though the mass loss of individual ob and wolf-ray stars is similar to those of agb stars, agb winds fuel a black hole much more efficiently . . . . the apparent accretion rate is equal to the apparent absorption rate, implying that essentially the whole wind can be accreted. These two quantities are gas mass ejected and mechanical energy compared to the supernovae of the second class. Thus, the gas losses and the mass deformations computed here appear plausible. We take into account their total mechanical energy , Xmath116 integrated over the same time period, that is, Xmath117. We can quantify this by examining the mass of the supernovae, xmath116, and the total energy of the supernovae below. As a rule, there are many stars of this type, for example in m82 and p220, which, believed to have grown into dense regions, with xmath120 , xmath71 , xmath121 , so the maximum mass loss rate per star must be greater than xmath97m @ xmath1yr @ xmath6 , the typical loss rate per star must be higher than xmath97m @ xmath1yr @ xmath6 , which is the lower limit of the galactic agb stars shown above. We can therefore adopt the mass loss rate of  xmath122m xmath1 in one, and that is  xmath122m xmath1 . We obtain a mass of  xmath122m xmath1 per supernova, which makes a total ejected mass of  xmath127, that is, a mass of  xmath124m xmath1 . It is important that the gas which the star ejected is not too excessive, but , as the star was ejected at great speed and  105, the efficiency with which it accreted on the black hole was very low . so that supernovae are very likely to bring some fraction of the gas to the black hole for some time. But the fact that the supernovae are forced to ejected at great speeds and  xmath105 , the efficiency with which they are accreted to the black hole is greatly reduced , so that it is highly likely that supernovae will release some portion of the gas. In many galaxies, the phenomenon of supernovae is well known. In many galaxies, superwinds driven by star-bursts are well known. We have combined these parameters with radio continuum data which has been used to estimate the supernova rate. However, these data have been incomparably used to constrain the stars evolutionary models, and therefore have made us characterize the formation timescales and ages of the stars of agn. This result can be summarized as follows: * the stellar light profile shows a bright nuclear component with a half-width at half-maximum of 50pc. a number of cases of this type are clear enough to distinguish them from their numerical counterparts on larger scales. And as a result of the very high star formation efficiency, the starbursts would have exhausted their fuel on a short timescale and therefore short-lived. But the starbursts are not active, indicating that the time scale is short, of about a few tens of myr. The flux in these particles is as follows: bmi is an integer, at the bmi in all parts bmi is bmi, but at the lower end is a very light monocrylic portion . In addition, there are two examples that show kinematical evidence for a distinct stellar component, indicating that the population of the nuclear stars is most probably composed of a thick nuclear disk . The average surface density of these disks is bmi; the average mass density is over bmi-xmath 70m@ bmi2@ bmi3_3__3 . Moreover, there are two cases of the type demonstrating kinematical evidence for a distinctive stellar component, indicating that the population of the nuclear stars may be most probably located in densely populated This work was undertaken at the Kavli Institute for the Theory of Physics, at Santa Barbara, and, as a result, was supported by the national science foundation under grant no. 51164. Our work was begun at the Kavli Institute for theoretical physics at santa barabara, and as a result was supported in part by the national science foundation, under grant no. phy. 5164. b. the authors thank all who assisted in the observation, and thank the referring author for his thorough review of the work. b. the main goal of re-evaluation of the mkn231 results in the new report is to ensure that it is performed using stars in a way that is consistent with the new data. The purpose of re-evaluation is to ensure that the new results are used in a way that is in keeping with the new results. The following table also contains a summary of the primary diagnostics. as the word "primary" is not repeated, the description of these diagnostics is not repeated, and here we are only discussing those matters that require special attention. a detailed description of the methods of diagnostics is presented in the following sections, as well as a summary of the initial diagnostics. since there is no universal definition of the nuclear region, we expressly state in the table [ tab] the size of the region in which we are interested in each galaxy. The use of a supernova with the large size of the disk [2] was addressed by xcite. analyzing the mass-to-light ratio using the ray models suggests that, depending on the increase in mass required by a more face-on orbit (@ xmath130), an upper limit of 250 myr is possible , in the same way as a rather short development time of 10 Myr reduces the limit to the @ xmath61100 yrs previously estimated. This is more in keeping with the extremely high supernova rate. the age, the rate of formation and the size (score - of 0 - 180 ) are all well described by high-quality radio- continuum imaging . Then, we used the depth of the co2 - 0 band to estimate the stellar luminosity, in conjunction with the narrow br @ xmath7 flux (which, we reasoned, originated in the formation regions, rather than in the agn narrow line region) and the radio continuum to constrain the star-burst. The mass-to-light ratio, calculated by examining the lateral fraction (n = 0) and the ratio of the time (index of l, = 0) would give a lower limit of 250 myr, depending on the formation time. The age, the star-burst rate, and the size of the disk (= 0 , 180.2) are all consistent with high resolution optical imaging of the surrounding 16pc of circinus. The atomosphere, taken from the dilution of the co-Adsorption xcite, shows that stars within one (800pc) of the nucleus contribute 2540 These observations are taken from this reference. In ngc7469, nuclear star formation has been studied by xcite. An analysis of the long-slit data is performed by xcite using stellar absorption features, kinematics and starburst models. In this case, we were able to estimate and correct for contributions of: (i) the narrow-line region to br@xmath7, for there were clear regions along the minor axis that had greater dispersion; (ii) the agn to the radio continuum, by estimating the maximum contribution from an unresolved source; and (iii) the bulge stars to the stellar luminosity by extrapolating the radial profile of the bulge stars to the inner regions. We found that, in the 800-nucleus, a region that includes the circumnuclear ring, the luminosity of young stars was xmath138 xmath134, that is, about 70 % of the entire galaxy s bolometric luminosity. at xmath136 , the most compact portion of the stellar continuum had a measured fwhm of 0 and therefore suggested an intrinsic size of xmath133pc. Compared with the dynamic mass in xcite, the corresponding k-band luminosity in this region is m / l @ xmath142l @ xmath1 . the corresponding k-band magnitudes are m / l @ xmath142l @ xmath1 . for a slit in a 0 - 2 aperture, a k-band luminosity of k - band is m / l @ xmath143l @ xmath1 , the corresponding k-band magnitudes are m / l @ xmath142l @ xmath1 . if one takes the intrinsic slit in the 0 - 2 aperture to be 12 (see section - diag ) the corresponding k-band luminosity is m / l @ xmath143l @ xmath1 . . . , if one takes the intrinsic equivalent width of the 2 - 3 - 0 band, the absolute slit is m / l @ xmath143l @ xmath1 , the corresponding k-band spectra are m / l @ xmath142l @ xmath1 , m / l @ xmath143l @ xmath1 . . . , ir05189, fig. ir05189 - spec. - shows the h-band spectrum integrated across two sections of the naco slit on either side of the nucleus - it shows that the depth of the absorption features is only a few percent, even far from the nucleus, . it is a possibility that is at least partly due to a secondary emission which happens at intervals of 1060 pc, and only on intervals of 100 pc. as we have just seen in . . . diag. - we assume that the difference of 5mjy is due to the emitted emission of two beams of 8 - 4 ghz., which we have taken as the upper limit in the 8 - 4 ghz continuum, in which the core is not exposed.  , it is possible that in a greater proportion than m, the ratio m / l - xmath150 - would give an age of 110 . . . in the 0 - 8 aperture, which we use in table - derprop, constant star formation is not consistent with w - 147 . - We assume that the difference in 5mjy is due to a radiance that is more than 100 m - w - xmath - , if some of the narrow br at xmath7 is related to the agn, then a shorter timescale is required . . . " - $ , fwhm , ir05189 - gmc " decomp" - ir05189 - decomp", the structure of the nuclear light has been calculated by summing the four principal absorption features: co4 - 1 , co5 - 2 , co6 - 3 . a gaussian fit to this profile yields an absolute size, i.e. 0 . fwhm . and as a verification, compared with the whole continuum, we have given a view of the stellar structure as shown in fig. - decomp. , a narrow peaks , the nuclear component is determined to be 0 . . . . . . . . , as a verification, we have compared the two elements to the whole continuum , a gaussian is not a perfectly suited fit, but it has an aproximate scale, which we find to be 0 . . . . . - ma's error, it's a supernova ... with a ma , they solve for a 0 . . . . in comparison with the radio spectrum which is powered by agn and has a brightness of xmath151k, the energised flux of xmath151k is resolved and has a brightness of xmath152k. Using the colouring of Fig. 24 from Fig. 24, i.e., collum -l (see section 14diag) we calculate the dilution of the k-band continuum by two methods: a first, we measure @ xmath157, indicating a stellar fraction of 0 . . . so, in a first correction, we measure @ xmath157, indicating a stellar fraction of 0 . . . . - k-band abundance. - c. (5 in 5) . . . so, although the b-banding is likely to have ended, the age is unlikely to be greater than 100 m, and perhaps even lower than 50 m, where @ xmath157 peaks. . . . by reducing the proportion of the narrow br of the narrow br to the tight br of the non-stellar beam we find the ratio @ xmath155 / l  k  [10    l  odot] pc . . . As a rule, the range of emission of radio elements in ngc2992 is quite complex. Unlike iras 155–155, for example, the spectrum of the radio emission in ngc2992 is quite complicated. This is a matter of course more difficult to explain than that what fraction of the narrow-banded bran (which is in the middle panel) corresponds to that of the star. For a beam size of 0 . . ., @xcite measured the bran flux to be 7 mjy at 5 .5 , @xcite reported a 2 . 3 mjy flux at 5 . . , @xcite reported a 2 . . 3 flux at 5 . . . and this, together with unobserved XML at 4 . . . , at 5 . . . @xcite figured the unobserved flux at 5 . . . but, given the uncertainty of the measurement, it is not decisive. Fig.. - Stars - shows that a ratio of this order is expected from the age of 200 m. However, the velocity dispersion is high, exceeding 150 km @ xmath6 over the whole field (fig. n2992 rad) . This is similar to the 160 km @ xmath6 that Xcite found in optical spectroscopy and suggests that we are seeing bulge stars. However, the velocity dispersion is very high, exceeding 150 km @ xmath6 across the whole field (fig. n2992 rad ) , and this is like the 160 km @ xmath6 reported by xcite from optical spectroscopy, and suggests that we are seeing bulge stars. This evidence is not strong, but if one believes that there is an excess continuum in the nucleus of ngc2992, then we have to make sure that the curve is in the central arc of the last gyr. the xmath55 law has the stronger constraint because it is more diffuse, and it is not excess . Nevertheless, the velocity density is high, up to 150 km @ xmath6 over the whole field (fig. n2992 rad) , this is similar to the 160 km @ xmath6 obtained by Xcite from optical spectroscopy, and suggests that we see bulge stars. This effect is in the form of a small unresolved drop in the centre, similar to that of ngc1097 and ngc1068, which is consistent with a nuclear disk, which is a little smaller than our resolution of 50pc. Nevertheless, some issues remain unsolved, such as why there are three spiral arms in the central 4 and why gas is on one of them seems to be outflowing. To our knowledge of the central few arcsecs, taken from the k-band fluorescence imaging xcite and from nii streaming motions xcite, have confirmed this hypothesis. Our data, at a resolution of x1097, and measured from the n-band fluorescence in the whole spectrum, reveal the same spiral structure. indeed, the presence of the absorption of the co-bandhead and the formation of the 2 - 0s line indicate that it is the gas in the disk, and that the 1 - 0s line is stronger in the direction of the stellar features than in the direction of the stellar features. * in this picture the spiral in the continuum arises solely from the extinction of the stars behind the disk. We were able to obtain the position angle and inclination of the gas and stars quantitatively, by means of kinematics. - Using the uniformity of the velocity field, we made the simple assumption that over the central 4 the gas lies in a single plane, whose centre is coincident with the peak of the non-solar emission. This proved that the obscuration of gas and dust was crucial to this notion. On our radar, we have made a circular model of the orbit of the stars, using stars. This model is based on an instantaneous explosion which occurred a few years ago, and which was reddened by a extinction. This example gives a good hint that in the nuclear region, the stars and the gas are coupled, perhaps in a thick disk, and that the stars of this disk, which are bright and, presumably, young, contribute to the excess halo of the halo. It is in this region that the rotation velocity of the gas starts to decrease rapidly, and the dispersion of the gas increases from xmath177kms @ xmath6 to xmath178kms @ xmath6 . [Fig. n1097 ] the critical point is that, at the spatial resolution, the central dispersion is @ xmath176kms @ xmath6 and less than that which is seen in the limited spectra of @ xcite . The chroma curves and the flux of the gases are shown in fig. . . . They have argued that certain features they have observed were derived from a math 181m math1m burst of a few years ago, and is reddened by the math182mag of extinction . Let's recalculate to within a few measures the scale of the model starburst to be a little smaller than the magnitude of the measured galaxy: in the central 0 . 5 it is measured a k-band stellar luminosity of xmath184wm - xmath2 , compared to that predicted by the model of xmath184wm - xmath2 , it is in the k-band range, the luminary luminosity of k-band stars is a high enough measure of this in the central 0 . 5 , it is difficult to measure the size of the br - xmath7 in this region because of its low absorption feature. . . . given the uncertainties of several axes, both in the parameters of the starburst model and in the corrections that we have applied to the data, it is a good correlation. This is because, compared with the magnification in the central 0 . . . . it means that the gas and stars have a mass of xmath191m @ xmath1@ xmath1 , although the total uncertainty is very large. The X-ray of br@ x-ray is represented by the neutron star. In astrological tracery they note that, though the difference is only marginal, the difference is due to the development of stars in the central region, and therefore a supernova rate of @xmath197 yr @xmath6 and hence @xmath198 , the value of which is rather more recent. Thus, although our data are not uniquely to determine the age of the starburst in the nucleus of ngc1097, they do indicate that it has recently formed, and they are consistent with a very young and compact starburst, a close relative of that of the optical and uv data. On the other hand, if one considers a kinematical image of the phenomenology of the optical, the morphological kinematics of xcite and xcite by the 193aui inferred by the xcite astrological observations, it is stated that the supernova at xmath199899emair of the star. But with the low xmath57 at xcite, this is a young age, and short the formation time. The evidence of the phenomenological kinematics from optical data of the field of atoms of xcite by the Xcite 52tat> , by xcite 5fi and xcite 193 are present. They calculate the element, based on the kinematics of the optical integral field, at the base of about 200 km, 258km, 620, so that the scalar mass- For the simplicity of the hypothesis that the position angle and the inclination do not change significantly in the central region . . . the derived inclination of @xmath201 and the inclination of @xmath202 are quantitatively comparable to those that are found by others in the central few to tens of arcseconds @xcite . we prove that there is an excess in the central region . . . the radial profile of the stellar continuum is shown below in the integral spectra of both the sinfoni integral spectra out to a radius of 2 and the naco long-slit spectra out to 5 (350pc) . The uniformity of the stellar kinematics is contrasted to that of molecular gas kinematics, as traced by the 0s-1 line, which is strongly perturbed and consists of several different structures. It is important to note here that, at xmath60, we have at xmath60 a decrease of 130 at xmath6 at 12 at xmath6 , we have observed that the math60 is reduced from 130 at xmath6 at 12 to only 70 at xmath6 in the very centre . the calculated inclination of math60 is compared with the measured radius of xcite, by an @xmath55 law, as one might expect for a bulge . - that is, because of the masses of the early, rising stars, if no stars are present, then it follows that the nature of the stars is at least 200300 myr, that is, not in the time scale (for example,  211 myr, see fig.  fig.  stars) is 11 . - if no stars are present, this means a characteristic age of 200300 myr, fairly independent of the time scale (for  211 myr, see fig.  fig.  stars), namely of the outer sphere of the star.  ,  (), () 5  . . .  , if there is no present formation, then there is a remarkable change in the geometry of  209.  220218 213,   252 219 220 1226 (fig. ) , you find @ xmath207, which is the central value and hence least biased by the axis of  209, the width of 220  1 11 23, whereupon you can make the 21223 to reach a mass of @ xmath206m @ xmath1  1 in 207 (25pc), and an average surface density of @ xmath208m @ xmath1   2 All this is expressed in Fig. 7. (Fig. 7 ). However, converting to supernova and comparing the k band to the k band, we achieve a limit that is of no use, being an order of magnitude above the best expected values. However, as we cannot determine the stellar kinematics, we have to deal with the broad slits which dominate the h band. 2; which we have already indicated with a dilution curve, 10adj144 [Two]45 as the ratio of the two bands agn to ngc3783sesm is an extremely low one. The angular slits of the h band are very strong, and dominate the h band, although the decay of the nucleus is very great. the radial profile of n3783sm is shown in Fig. 0Arranged Radial Profile Fig. v fig. in Figure 9. An azimuthally averaged Radial Profile, taken from fig. m . however, it does mean that the spatial resolution is easily measured from both the non-stellar continuum and the broad radial rays (see Section om) . There are a significant fraction of the nsm of the central radii, which is not yet well integrated in the 0s. So, a substantial fraction of the Near-IR swarm in the central region, likely to originate from a population of stars not similar to the bulge . In a radius of x–iii the rotation curve is shown in Fig. “N3783”—the rot of the rot—the black hole mass of @x–iii xmath23, from reverberation mapping, @xcite, is only about 30 % of that, and so can no longer dominate the dynamics on this scale, unless it is underestimated. In this respect, we note that @xcite claims that the statistical uncertainty in masses obtained from reverberation mapping is about a factor of three., so, the black hole mass of @x–iii x–ii@x–iv[4] [6][5] [6] is only 30 %, and therefore cannot dominate the dynamics on this scale, unless it is underestimated. However, the inclusion of @x–ii into the mass estimation implicitly assumes that the movements are caused by macroscopic motions. However, since we are only observing the hot h @x–h­39 , it is possible that the dispersion is dominated by turbulence caused by shocks or uv heating of clouds which creates the 0 – 0 – 1 (E1) emission issues that are discussed more fully in hicks et al. sent> fig. n3783 maps] indicates that the characteristic age of the formation is as low as xmath226mjy, although it may also be a quarter of an order of magnitude greater. Fig. [29] indicates that the morphology and velocity field of ngc3783 are very similar to the one of [2], and quite different from the 0-0s. , which is moreover an extension to the north, which appears to be overflowing in an ionisation cone (fig. Fig. n3783 maps] (fig. [3]) might trace a cone of ionization . [4] as the br. [7] resembles the finite element of the [2] star, it is reasonable to conclude that it is agn rather than star formation. therefore, the equivalent width of br. [3] @ xmath7 (for the radiating stellar halo) of @ xcite at xmath164 at xmath164, @ xcite pronounced an upper limit on the halo [4] flux density of 7.7mjy, for smaller scales @ xmath232, corresponding to 6pc, @ xcite used an upper limit on the 8 . 5 radial flux density of 7mjy, based on these results. The value of 'xmath236' in our calculation of 'the higher mass', is not a constraint on the quantity of ngc3783, and it is to be accepted as the age of the formation of a star and the math237m, the dynamical mass of a central supermassive black hole . . . (recht: Kluwer Academic Publishers), vol. 319, p. 319 , p. 319 mkn231 & mkn231 & 0 . . . knapen j., 2004. eds., puerari i., freeman k., groess r., eds., block d., puerari i ., freeman k., groess r. , block e. (dordrecht: Kluwer Academic Publishers) , vol. 319, p. 319. . . . ngc3227 & sy1 & 17 & 10 . ni@307 - ngc3227 & 0 . ni@307 - ngc3327 & 0 . ni@307 - ngc3783 & sy1 & 18 & 10 . 1 & 7 . ni@307 - ngc3327 & 0 . 2 & 7 . ni@307 - iras05189 - 2524 & 0 . 3 & 7 - iras05189 - 2524 - ni@307 - cinus - 0 . 4 & 7 - 0 . - - mkn231 - 0 . . .