it has been well established by in situ measurements of the geospheric dsa and by numerical calculations at xcite. And although, of course, the physical basis of the responsible dsa has been established through analytic and numerical calculations at xcite, it has long been established that dsa is a key component of collisionless shock physics and that there are substantial and highly nonlinear reactions from the crs to the mass flows and to the mass wave turbulence involved in the diffusive transport (see, for example, @ xcite and references therein) . . . . , it has long been recognized that dsa is an integral part of collisionless shock physics, that there are substantial and highly nonlinear back-reactions between the crs and the bulk flows and the mhd wave turbulence, which in turn can lead to a greatly altered full-blown jump conditions, especially if the most energetic crs escape from the system . . . the main thing is that the crs capture a large fraction of the kinetic energy dissipated across such transitions. The time to be used for adjusting the fluxes in a supernova is the same as the time to a time-dependent shortcoming in the formation of the supernova. It is necessary to have both nonlinear and time-dependent effects in the calculations of dsa. To that end, mathematical methods have been developed which allow one to compute steady-state effects in the subordinate state of the shock; given a theory of diffusion. In a given situation, the properties of the shock must be converted from a diffusional point of view . . . The complete plasma simulations of the dsa microphysics have already been studied; but they are too expensive for one to follow the changes in the time, length, and energy that are needed to model astrophysical dsa acceleration. The most powerful method is the kinetic model, whereby the kinetic equations of the components are solved, and with the appropriate modulation of the compressible fluid . . . How to be calculative in a continuum dsa simulation of this kind is still quite difficult and expensive even with only one dimension. Let us assume, for example, that the dynamical equations for the bulk plasma (see below) are also computed. (b) I should like to say that I may infer from this equation set some more relevant equations for the movement of the plasma by the impact of the mhd turbulence. This is to say, it is necessary in part to account for the partial thermalization characteristic of collisionless shocks. One computational constraint is that the resonant scattering lengths of mhd turbulence, @xmath3, are generally estimated to be increasing by particle stiffness, @xmath2; and the characteristic length that connects the resonant scattering length to the flow of the liquid medium and defines the width of the modified particle, the so-called diffusion length, @xmath4 . The characteristic length coupling the crs of a given momentum, @xmath3, to the flow of the mixture, and defining the width of the modified shock precursor is the so-called diffusion length, @xmath4 , where @xmath4 is @/sent>. id> xmath5 is the number of particles of cr and id> xmath6 is the total flow velocity into the shock. In general, this resolution corresponds to very fine spatial resolutions, in comparison with the inner scale of the problem, which is of a size exceeding xmath7 . – The relevant xmath7 typically runs a few orders of magnitude, starting near the dissipation length of the thermal plasma, which defines the thickness of the classical - viscous - gas shock, also called subshock in the modified structure. Several methods have been tested to overcome this constraint in dsa models – berezhko and hcite have developed a method of minimizing the spatial variable by xmath7 at each moment of the kinetic equation of the rhombony kinetic equation. This approach is thus capable of estimating the hombony distribution at the relevant momenta. , he states, but is also unable to use it with a flow which is arbitrary and nonlinear with waves and cls. Thus, as an alternative, as a way to accommodate these diffusion properties, the author has in the form of a multi-level adaptive mesh refinement (AMr) of the interface. This benefit of AMr is due to the fact that the resolution required at the very top of the layer is very close to the subshock, and yet can still be treated as a discontinuity satisfying the standard rankine-honiot relations. In order to obtain the effectiveness of the methods, both of them reduce the cost of the time-dependent dsa simulations by a considerable margin. The above methods do not address the principal computational cost of these simulations directly, so that they remain much more costly than hydrodynamic or mhd simulations. the related evolution of @ xmath8 depends on the process, but generally depends on @ xmath10 . the evolution of @ xmath12 depends on the process, but generally depends on @ xmath10 . physically, crs propagate in momentum space during dsa, sometimes by an adiabatic compression of the bulk flow, or by the action of momentum diffusion (see, for example, equation dce below), or by various irreversible energy losses, such as coulomb or radiative losses. experience has shown that converged solutions of @ xmath12 based on such methods need - for example, a mere five decades of momentum coverage need more than 100 grid points in xmath14 . since the spatial updating of the kinetic equation at each momentum grid point requires computational effort comparable to that of any of the associated hydrodynamic equations (e.g., mass continuity) , transport then dominates the computational effort by a /sent> of xmath14 . Our approach will assume that @ xmath15 is relatively smooth, and simple subvolume models can be applied to moderately large volumes. the computational effort to evolve the population is thus reduced to a level comparable to that of hydrodynamics. An attractive alternative to the evolution of the kinetic equation is to replace the integral moments with their times in a discrete set of finite momentum volumes, and that is, @ xmath10 is replaced by @ xmath10, mapped to the boundaries of the volume. This new method is based on this strategy. it combines the ideas in xcite, xcite and xcite for particle cr transport , and based on the corresponding ideas in xcite, such as subvolume, subvolume and xmath15, in which case @ xmath10 is replaced by a fixed value of @ xmath10, evaluated at the boundary of the volume. Thus, the computational effort to increase the size of the cfre population is reduced to a level similar to that of hydrodynamics . But instead, the analytic and test-particle solutions for xmath12 were applied at the shock spikes. Instead of the analytic, test-particle solutions we used the kinetic equation dsa. As a matter of fact, the kinetic equation dsa, the diffusion-convection form of the kinetic equation describing the evolution of the isotropic distribution function, dsa, can be written in a spatial dimension as ... dsa ... the general diffusion-convection coefficient dsa, dsa in a spatial dimension, and dsa in a spatial dimension ... where dsa is the mass of the particle ... we are defining in this way the particle momentum, in units of dsa ... /sa ... for the simplicity of this calculation, dce ... dsa ... we are defining the basic diffusion-convection coefficient and its application in the eulerian hydrodynamic codes in two. and in three further tests are given, and our conclusions are formulated. In mhd shocks the turbulence may have a considerable influence. Although this effect can be fully included numerically, the details are rather complicated, so that we relegate this task to a subsequent work on the mhd theory of the thrombus. Keeping the full mhd simulation under consideration, the added equations are the standard gas-dynamic equations with cr pressure . these, and the convective equations, are to be solved. , in other words, the mass fraction of the crs is of relatively small proportion. we note, for completeness, that the equation dce is defined by the expression xmath32. , the particle mass is @ xmath34 , to be convenient. In dsa, as explained in the intro, the momentum advection and diffusion terms of equation dce are often assigned to the form xmath35. The finite difference methods for the momentum coordinate xcite are usually used. Xmath36 is often obtained by the expression xmath36, where xmath36 is the slowly changing function of xmath36. We may assume, on the other hand, that the piecewise powerlaw form can be used to calculate the subgrid equation for xmath39 . two minutes of xmath12 are enough to obtain the xma. So, for example, @ xmath45,  label  niq  [][289] (for example, @ xmath45, and _ xmath47, in a clear extension to _ xmath44 . . . to evolve the parameters of the equation dce, we need the associated moments of equation dce on the finite volume bounded by _xmath51. To obtain the ratios of these two moments (and their ratios), one can simply (e.g.) find the ratios of @ xmath49 and the index of the in-stack index, @ xmath50. To develop _xmath42 and _xmath44, we need to compute the associated moments of equation dce relating to the finite volume bounded by _xmath51. To evaluate the field of @xmath59 and @xmath62 at the boundary of the so-called momentum range requires suitable boundary conditions , of course . in most cases we choose a sufficiently large maximum momentum, @xmath64, so that this condition is important only very late in the simulation, if at all. ___ ____, the constrained moment of equation ____ is at _____ xmath66, @____, and @___69, _____________. _____________ is given by ____________. ___________ is given by ____________. The @______ associated moment of equation ____ is at _________66, ______________, and ___________ is given by ___________ . In most cases we choose a sufficiently large maximum momentum, ___________, that this condition is only required late in the simulation, if at all. . . . a perfectly analogous expression to the equation . . . we note that momentum is bounded by the CGM-VMC method quite open, and can be adapted to a set of uniform and nonuniform momentum bins, or to a momentum range that evolves during the simulation. . . . – The coefficients in the CGM-VMC system are obtained by the solutions to equations masscon – encon, which are updated in advance of the solution of equations dce – n and dce – g . . . Note that the cGM-VMC method also evolves two quantities rather than one, and so, as the cGM-VMC method evolves two quantities rather than one, the relative effort needed for the relative effort of a given /sent> in that case begins with the motion equation for the appropriate waves rather than the kinetic equation (e.g.,  xcite ) . A simulation of xmath9 requires at least half the mass of xmath9 that is necessary for the fd scheme , but it is already obvious that the technique is quite well developed. The simplest and most commonly used injection method, which is the most commonly applied, assumes that a small, fixed fraction of the thermal flux in the subshock, at xmath77, is injected at a momentum @xmath78, where @xmath79 is a constant greater than unity, and @xmath80 is the mean particle velocity at the xcite (e.g. @ xcite) . we confirm this expectation. however, we have well integrated two of the most commonly used injection models into the cgmv. for completeness, we summarize those here. Is there any energy in the thermal plasma obtained from the heating medium ? The energy obtained from the thermal plasma is simply @ xmath89 . for convenience we call this injection model the  flux fraction or  ff. The -aeon-particle-mass-mass-mass-mass-mass-mass-mass-mass-mass-mass-mass-mass-mass-mass-mass-mass-mass-wave model of injection at shocks, most of the thermal protons are locally restricted by nonlinear MHD waves and only particles well into the second distribution of the postshock maxwellian distribution are allowed to flow upstream over the subshock .. . . . but only the 'drop-in-your-chance' (or 'brightness') particles are capable of escaping upstream across the subshock . In particular, we set @ xmath91 to ' (1 - frac  1    tilde   upsilon  )  to  left    (ne, fl - u - 2   upsilon   )  exp  left    left    left   left [  tilde   upsilon   right   ,  label  tau   ] . . . so that - xmath90 is the propagation of supra-thermal particles at a given velocity. The velocity is normalized to @ xmath94. . to model tl injection, we use the 'transparency function' @ xmath90, which is an estimation of the probability that supra-thermal particles will leak upstream from the behind of the shock (see xcite for more details). The two hybrid simulations and the theory give the impression that xmath98 is xcite , so that the model is well confined . . . for the strong, unmodified shock, xmath100, in the tl model and xmath107 in the ff model, are equal for xmath105 and xmath108 . So xmath99 is the lowest momentum of the first momentum bin in the tl model and changes in time with the flow speed. with this xmath99 the shock is   transparent' to particles with momenta less than xmath100 , so xmath101 for xmath101 , where xmath103 . . . for xmath105 , xmath105 . the corresponding initial injected rate will be roughly similar, though differences in the physics of the physics of the model are insignificant . . . On the basis of a section of the tl model, if its strength is given to the right, then its distribution has been corrected (subverted) in the downstream region by means of the transparent function. In addition, if the tl model is given in a cgmv scheme, a section of the equations (dce - n) and dce - g , then the coefficients are modified (i.e., xcite , xcite , xcite ) . This graph shows that the gravity of the lumps from the leaky (submerged) side can be calculated by approximating the xmath115 and the xmath113 (see xcite ) . It is possible to determine the fractions in the lower reaches of the spirals by encoding the equations: dce - n and dce - g). The energy loss from the mass of the plasma injected into the xmath112—the momentum (see xcite) is approximated by the xmath113 (see xcite). When one considers the level of gas shock in this level of heat, it is the effect of a leakage of some proportion of the fluctuations that give rise to the leak. In our previous study, we have used the mhd cr code in a certain experiment of Cr-modified Shocks , Xcite. .. In order to test the performance of the new CGM-modified Shock we have installed it in two distinct Hydrodynamic (HC) codes which we have previously applied to studies of cGM-modified Shocks using conventional finite difference methods to solve the diffusion convection equation . in the first place, we describe the results of the CGM-modified Shock programme installed in a second order, a total variation diminished by 90003 hd code of the Hendon sub-shocks of which the CGM-modified Shocks are usually distributed in two or three numerical zones . an outline of the CGM-modified Shock programme and the fd-modified Shock programme can be found there, in xcite, and the citations to those papers. Moreover, we present cgmv tests performed with our cosmic ray shock-reduction program. The fd solver employed a crank-nicholson-type routine originally introduced in @xcite for the development of Xmath118, which is similar to the equation (cne) . . . So the subshocks of gas subshocks in modified shocks are discontinuous throughout the simulation, so that transport of the gas is modeled almost to the scale of the physical shock thickness. The hydrodynamics of this program employs a nonlinear riemann solver to follow the discontinuities of shocks within the zones of an initially uniform grid . in this case, gas subshocks in the adapted shocks are discontinuous throughout the simulation, allowing the transport of the gas subshocks to be modeled to the level of the physical shock thickness. For the tvd tests, we applied the ff injection model . the excitation is centred on the subshock, and every level spans a hundred zones with a resolution twice as fine as the level above it . the number of excitation levels depends on what is needed to capture diffusion of the lowest energy crs . a fusion of a pressure and a force of the pistons from the left-hand boundary has a fusion-core of xmath120. a fusion is formed by reflection of a fusion-core – adiabatic index, – at xmath119 – from the left-hand boundary – a fusion of a piston and a fusion of an aerator, @xmath119. The density and the sound speed of the plasma coming from the right-hand boundary were set to @xmath121 and @xmath122, respectively, so that the flow speed was equal to the inflow speed. We have set @xmath124 as a time unit for the calculations. In order to represent the hydrodynamic parameters of the hydrodynamics we have to fix the unit flow (the inflow speed in all the simulations discussed in this paper) with respect to the speed of light. We have set @xmath124 as a time unit for the calculations. The development of the equations of the distribution, in Xmath120, is distributed over the momentum range. Xmath120 . The time steps were set by a standard fraternal condition, Xmath125 . for the simulation illustrated in Fig. 2 . 1 evolved the equations of the distribution of the ratio, at Xmath120. . . . The intensity of the pressure is spatially uniform and set to Xmath130 . . . The simple progression of the equations of the distribution of the ratio, @ xmath120, is followed by the momentum range, @ xmath126 . . . . [2  times 10  - 4 , 1 . 6  times 10  3 ] (@ xmath120 ) . . . . so, by combining the behaviour of the proportion of xmath120 with that of the balance, the value of the coefficient , @ xmath120 is quite uniform and is @ xmath120 . - Prefecture. The tvd-cr simulations are designed on a fixed grid, so that, for example, the mass diffusion form that is modeled in the cctv simulations is of excessive cost for the cctv-cr simulations. - A wideness, which determines the minimum space of the simulation, is called "xmath132", where xmath133 is the maximum force. - The spatial resolution required for the calculations is called "xmath134," because the correct solutions of the diffusion-convection equation need to be confirmed by structural information in the precursor, upstream of the subshock, by @xmath133. These considerations led us to set @xmath136 for both fd and cgmv simulations. In fig. 1 we assume a pre-existing cr population, xmath138, corresponding to an upstream cr pressure, xmath the new injection is not provided at the shock, i.e., at xmath140 . before comparing the solutions obtained with the two methods, it is useful to briefly summarize the physics captured during the shock evolution. The spatial grid spans the interval 0 and 16, which is sufficient to contain the leading edge of the precursor precursor to the end of the simulation. The character of this spectra is well known, as well as that of strongly modified shocks, that the crs are able to disperse most of the energy from the system, which leads to a substantial drop in the post-shock gas pressure, @ xmath143, and a considerable increase in the post-shock density @ xmath142. All the phenomena described here have been reported by several authors. Finally, while the Cps is relatively light compared to the incoming momentum, the Cps is still strong enough to make four times the compression per inch. Initially, though the Cps pressure is relatively small compared to the incoming momentum flux, the Cps is still strong enough to make four times the compression per inch. These all represent a strong, strongly reduced gas temperature. We see that as the energy emitted by the Cps spreads upstream and downstream through the circulation of Cps, the total compression in such a _evolving_ pressure would always exceed the factor of seven that one would predict for a strong, fully regenerative shock . . . . as the Cps diffuse upstream against the flowing gas, they compress the flow into the precursor and preheat the gas (adiabatically in these simulations) . . . and that this process is a consequence of the well-known, transitory density (or in this case "near density") in the structures that we see after xmath145. For the simulation, no significant energy emitted from the spatial grid from upstream diffusion can escape the spatial grid by diffusion . . . however, in the latter (at xmath149) the partial pressure due to the crs well below xmath150 is sufficiently substantial to permit escape over the upper momentum boundary. thus the circulation forms the familiar upwards-convex distribution, which reflects the momentum dependent mass of the cr diffusion. As the eddy phase decreases, the contribution of the cr to the eddy phase is greatly increased, and the general compression of the shock transition is visible in fig. 1 . . . In the first evolutionary stages of the flow, the repulsive movement is modest, the repulsive movement resembles the powerlaw form, @xmath151, predicted by the particle theory of a strong shock (e.g., @xcite). In this case, the repulsive phase of the stream ebbs and flows upwards, concave and convex, and as a result, the repulsive mass develops into the familiar upwards concave form resulting from the energy dependent and momentum dependent permeation of the repulsive particles. – that is, crs with momenta at least a little above the injection range keep sticking close to the subshock. Therefore, the distribution of crs near momenta a little above xmath133 – is a bump in the distribution of xmath118. This feature extends in momentum upwards as the bump near xmath133 moves up . . . and lastly, to compare the two schemes used to generate the strain of the phenomenon displayed in Fig. 1 . . . . . fd and cgmv scattering distributions show good agreement . all the dynamical quantities, including the collisions and the cr strains, are extremely good in agreement . all the dynamical quantities, shocks and the cr strains, show excellent agreement . . . the curves representing the fd and cgmv scatterings of Xmath144, xmath143 and xmath32 are almost indistinguishable in the plots . . . all the features formed in the fd evolution of The results of these two tests are incomparably greater than we would expect for a given reduction in the number of momentum values to be used, because the cgmv method requires one to evolve two distributions @ xmath42 and @ xmath44 for each momentum pair. Hence, we note that the execution time required for the cgmv solution is less than 20 % of the time required for the fd solution, which demonstrates the very high efficiency of the former method. fig. 2 shows a flow similar to that shown in fig. 1. in this case, ff injection is included with commonly assumed values, @ xmath155 and @ xmath156 (see also 2 and 3), the upper momentum is increased to @ xmath157, and the spatial grid extends farther from the piston to @ xmath158 . we mention convergence of momentum resolution in the discussion of a second shock. The spatial grid, covering a continuous interval 0 - 25 , is sufficient to hold the leading edge of the precursor almost to the end of the simulations. But, after xmath160, some cr energy escapes through the right boundary, by means of diffusion, like the behavior of a  free     free    boundary (e.g., feb) (e.g., @xcite and references). Another small effect is that the position of the subshock in the /sent> region is fixed. Again the agreement between the fd and the cgmv simulations is very good. Very early in the evolution of the shock, when the crs are dominated by freshly injected nonrelativistic particles, the cgmv evolution is slightly faster in the cgmv case. , the coarsest solution of the cgmv method, is in excellent agreement with the other solutions and the fd solution. The cgmv simulation lags a little behind that of the fd simulation, and the value of @xmath32 is slightly higher in the fd simulation near the piston, where the shock first took place. . Since the efficiency of the cgmv method is the ability to cover the width of the momentum range, it is important to evaluate how broad the bins can be, and still faithfully impose the evolution of the shock. The top xmath 163 and the bottom xmath164, . The corresponding fd solution (@xmath153) is shown in red, while the corresponding fd solution (@xmath153) is shown by the red dotted lines. In general the greatest permitted size of the momentum bin, @xmath168, should depend on the very strong curvature of the cr momentum distribution function as well as on the degree of displacement of the shock. We will demonstrate this in Fig. 3 . already the bins that are over 10  xmath168 are too large to follow well-defined structures in the momentum distibution that develops at the end of the cr distribution. But when the error increases excessively, for example, for instance @xmath172, for example, the induced overcompression in this region can make the riemann solver in our tvd code fail in high velocity flows . This general quality of the cgmv solutions declines for the larger bins in these experiments, once the simple subgrid model of the power distribution becomes inapplicable. The crash simulation was substantially more computationally demanding than the tvd-crc simulation. In the previous test, the base gas density and flow speed were set to equal, and the sound speed, @ xmath174, was set to xmath174 . The time unit was assigned to each. Note first that in the crash simulation the value of @ xmath178 was seven times greater than the value of @ xmath179 in the previous example. Moreover, the faster momentum-dependency of the precursor and its formation timescales were also shortened. - . . . squandering of a bohm diffusion coefficient, which means that the precursor width increases in size with the increase of xmath133. The associated time, however, increases with xmath133, so that the resulting xmath133 is longer to reach a given xmath133 . . . the spatial domain of this simulation is [0, 20], where the boundary between xmath133 and xmath183 is Xmath183. This boundary is a defined complex of (40 3) xmath180 zones, which are Xmath183 . The predetermined spatial grid, which is predetermined by the gradient of the flux of the masked particles, is [25], a spatial domain (25] , the domain in which the subshock is grounded is [25] . The fd spatial grid is of seven dimensions, while the cgmv spatial grid is of four dimensions. The first spatial grid contained the at-xmath183 zones, and gave Xmath183 . The height of the area is [25], which is [25] . But for each refinement level, @xmath186, there is a standard condition, that is, @xmath187 . although the comb-nicholson system is stable with an arbitrary time step, the diffusion convection equation is solved with a step smaller than @xmath184 to obtain a very accurate results in the momentum space advection (i.e., @xmath189) . consequently, the fd diffusion convection solver is usually subcycled three times with @xmath190 for each hydrodynamic time step. this adds another relative economy to the cgmv calculation. In the longer term, the study of this shock will be described. In the first place, the degree of the cr distribution has reached roughly xmath192 by xmath191 . The long-term evolution of this shock will be discussed in more detail later. Although this shock is weaker than the mach shock, the room is much more moderate . . . , in fd and cgmv terms the agreement is good, although not as precise as in fig. 1 and fig. 2 . the more pronounced distinctions between the two solutions in the present case come from effective differences in the applied diffusion coefficients for nonrelativistic particles, namely @ xmath193 . the cgmv scheme combines the diffusion coefficients averaged across the momentum bins (see the equation kni, kni ). at the low momenta where the injection is taking place, the averaging increases the effective diffusion coefficient and, thus, the leakage flux of suprathermal   . . . . so that the distribution of the second bin at xmath197 is slightly higher in the cgmv scheme, as is evident in fig. 5 the evolution of the same shock on xmath196, as is computed with the cgmv method. This simulation is performed on a domain [0, 800], spanned by a base spatial grid of xmath197 zones, and gives xmath197. Moreover, we include seven refined levels at the subshock, giving xmath199. and therefore the distribution function in the second bin of xmath196 is slightly higher in the cgmv method than in the fd. . . . note that xmath195 is anchored on the tail of maxwellian distribution. in this test Xmath32 is about five % greater than in the cgmv simulation at xmath195. and the equilibrium of the dissipated gases has stabilized in a new state, while the previously explained concave pattern of the cr distribution has been better developed than it had been in earlier times. with bohm diffusion, at xmath201 for ultrarelativistic crs, so that the scale of the precursor has been reduced to xmath202 , meanwhile the peak in the dissipated force is somewhat slowed down, at xmath203 . and the required spatial grid is therefore 40 times longer than for the shorter simulation, as shown in /sent>. whereas, once shock modification has become strong, the development becomes a little self-similar, as was previously mentioned @xcite . it is seen from the form of the distribution function in fig. 5 that the post-shock gas temperature has stabilized, while the previously explained concave form of the dissipated gravitation is better developed than it was at earlier times. fig. Strictly speaking, the fd calculation with xmath204 to xmath205 took two cpu days, on the fastest ram, so the extended simulation would have been impossible. The strictly speaking, the extended simulation required only about 10 times the effort of the shorter simulation, and the numerical efficiency of the simulation is clearly reflected in the resulting accursed time, which is even greater than the computational time. in this way, if you add arbitrary, self-contained, and perhaps time-dependent diffusion, then one has to add various other momentum-dependent transport processes. The main computational cost of these calculations is usually the transport of the cradle itself and in these calculations the analogous transport of the mhd wave turbulence which mediates the transport of the cradle. As a result, the time-dependent cgmv simulations are very expensive if you add arbitrary, self-contained, and possibly time-dependent, spatial diffusion, as well as many other momentum-dependent transport processes. This costs the simulations substantially less compared to hydrodynamic calculations, as a matter of fact, for each of these these changes a physical dimension. The collisionless magnesian media are highly sensitive to the phase space of the particles and waves. The kinetic equations (which are commonly called the convection equation) can be used as a straightforward way to handle this problem and are often coupled with hydrodynamic equations that account for the mass and mass momentum and energy. We introduce a new method to solve the diffusion convection equation based on finite volumes in momentum space with a spacing of more than one order of magnitude greater than that of the usual finite difference approach. This approach is much simpler but it requires moderately high resolution of momentum space. The efficiency of the computation is greatly increased, not only because the number of momentum bins is smaller, but also because the required spatial spacing is smaller, because the coarse-grained averaging of the diffusion coefficient by the cgmv method is more compact. This is a primary reason that the calculations are expensive. The hk, supported by the astronomy institute for the structure and evolution of the cosmos, k was supported by kosef, through the astrophysical research center for the structure and evolution of cosmos (arcsec) ... red lines and stars were obtained from the new cgmv scheme with xmath154. twj is supported by nsf grant 0802-07600, nasa grants nag5-10774, nng05-f57317, and the university of minnesota supercomputing institute ... the solutions are almost indistinguishable ... a strong momentum dependent diffusion model, like bohm diffusion, or the corresponding weak diffusion of waves, or self-contradictory diffusion models of cr diffusion and wave turbulence ... red lines and stars were obtained with the new cgmv scheme with xmath154 ... a population of pre-existing cr population, corresponding to the upstream cr pressure, xmath138, without fresh injection at the shock ( @ xmath206 ) ... ] and @xmath205. ... The heavy dashed lines represent the solution at xmath205 using a conventional finite difference approach using 240 momentum points (@xmath184) ... the red solid lines and x s represent the solutions at xmath208 and 1000 with 20 spheres of momentum (@xmath185) ...