The second named author (v.o. m.) gave a solution to the question whether four-valent graphs are planar. In @xcite the second named author (v.o. m.) formulated a method for determining the genus of surfaces into which four-valent graphs can be embedded, in particular considering the special case of surfaces into which four-valent graphs may be embedded. An embedded xmath-graph of a @xmath-Graph of xmath2 into a surface xmath3 is an embedded insertion so that the cells of xmath-Graph admit a two-color, under which all the cells with the same edge have different colors. Xmath-Graph of a 'checkerboard' embedding' is the embedding whose first homology class is zero. . . . So the authors of this paper would like to thank victor anatolievich vassiliev and sergei vladimirovich chmutov for their useful discussions. the authors of this paper would like to thank victor anatolievich vassiliev and sergei vladimirovich chmutov for valuable comments. The method used in our previous paper (VAST OF THE LATERAL WORLD) was to form a table of four-valent graphs. The number of white (black) cells in the embedding is equal to the number of circles that result from surgery of the first (second) of these chords. The electro-module theorem allows us to determine the number of circles that result from surgery of each chord in terms of the rank of their intersections with the matrices over @ xmath1 , from this we obtain the total number of cells, from which we can easily calculate the genus of the surface. a __ atom _ is a closed 2 – surface @ xmath3 into which a connected graph – the skeleton of a graph – is encapsulated. This is to be demonstrated by using a circuit-negation theorem, which allows us to calculate the number of circles formed by surgical intervention of each chord diagram in terms of the rank of the intersections of their matrices over @ xmath1 . This is to be demonstrated by a linear equation of a complete series, called a rotation-splitting cycle. to achieve this, we set a cycle in @ xmath6 satisfying certain properties, called a rotating- As for the main problem, it is formulated as follows: given a @ xmath0 graph @ xmath2 in which all vertices have a four or a six, choose a color for the angles around each vertex such that the species of the resulting atom is little. if the graph has an @ xmath11 vertices, then there are @ xmath12 corresponding to @ xmath0 . a „euler circuit“ @ xmath6 of a @ xmath0 graph @ xmath2 is a surjective mapping of an angle between two points, except at the vertices, and such that every vertex of the degree of xmath8 has a preimage of xmath14. so the main problem is as follows: given an @ xmath0 - graph @ xmath2 in which all vertices have degree 4 or 6 of xmath9, choose a color for the angles around each vertex so that the genera of the resulting atom is negligible. "(t) if the plank is formed at xmath2 and the plank is divided into four distinct sub-synopses, then xmath2 admits a sub-synopses. if xmath2 has a sub-synopses, it is the 'revolving' circuit, that is, the one to which all the other vertices are set on the same sides, it is called 'revolving' , it is called 'revolving' because a sub-synopse is arranged to follow the co-ordinates of the sub-synopses and the intersequences, and there are three such cycles, and there are changes in direction. if the 'revolving' circuit is present in the graph 'xmath0', then 'xmath2' has a non-overlapping system, so it is a sub-sequence of xmath2 into two interposed of the sides. If the "revolving" circuit is associated with the orientation of the half- edges around the "revolving" vertex, then 'xmath2' is bound to be an alternating circuit '. ' If xmath2 has a non-overlapping system, then 'xmath2' can be a sub-sequence of the other sub-sequence of the vertical plane. ' If xmath2 has a non-overlapping structure, then we're done with it.' If Xmath2 has a non-overlapping structure, then we consider the cycles presented by I merely say that it is a clock of at least two wheels, which is rotating and twisted, so that a clock is turned into a counter-clock, and that the three disks are placed on either side of the disk. This process can be joined together by means of the rotary structure shown on the right side of the disc, so that a clock turns with one twisted equator. If no one of the disks has any discs, then we have two possibilities: each disk contains discs that are opposite, or one disk contains discs that are neither opposite nor adjacent, and then the third disk contains discs that are neither opposite nor adjacent, . . . . if one disk contains discs that are neither opposite nor adjacent, we can assign to disc @ xmath19 the disc and disc shown in the disc by the right-hand side of the figure [r3t]. If any of the disks contain discs, then each disk contains discs that are neither opposite nor adjacent, and thus the disk can be joined by the wheel shown in the disc [r3t]. The arc of a triangle of a triangle of a triangle of a triangle of a triangle of a triangle of a triangle of a triangle of a triangle of a triangle of a triangle of a triangle. The triangle of a triangle of a triangle of a triangle of a triangle of a triangle of a triangle, in the distinguishable cycle of a triangle, is a triad point. a triad of a triangle of a triangle of a triangle of a triangle, is a triangle of a triangle not in the distinguishable cycle of a triangle, and the triangle of a triangle of a triangle of a triangle is called the principal vertex of the triangle. A 'signed' chord of a triangle of a triangle of a triangle of a triangle of a triangle of xmath0 is a chord of a triangle of a triangle not in the distinguishable cycle of a triangle, connecting two vertices of a triangle of a triangle . . . a circle of a triangle of a triangle of a triangle not in the distinguishable cycle of a triangle, is a point of the triangle of a triangle. A circle of a triangle of a triangle of a triangle of a triangle of xmath0 is a triangle not in the distinguishable cycle of a triangle, and the triangle of a triangle is called the principal vertice of the triangle . . . . . if and only if the angle into which xmath6 maps a neighborhood to xmath32 is not twisted. . . . for every triad @ xmath29 in @ xmath37 containing at least one edge with a positive sign, a line drawn between xmath39 and xmath35, and a line drawn between xmath39 and xmath41, with the xmath42 chosen in such a way that the chords are not linked. For each vertex @ xmath19 in @ xmath31, the three points mapped to xmath6 are connected by a double chord, whose principal vertex is @ xmath16, such that the three edges around @ xmath19 are in the same half, where the sign of the edge connecting @ xmath32 to another vertex @ xmath33 is positive if and only if the sign of the edge connecting @ xmath32 to the triad point is positive. The chords connecting @ xmath32 to @ xmath36 have the same signs as the edges connecting the triad. . . . if there is a double chord in xmath29 in xmath37 with the principal vertex in xmath32, there is a chord in xmath36 that connects xmath44 to xmath35 and a chord in xmath36 that connects xmath45 to xmath41. . . . there is no connection between these chords. . . . the chords connecting xmath32 to xmath35 and xmath35 to xmath41 in xmath37 have signs opposite to the edges that connect xmath28 to xmath35 and xmath41 to xmath37, respectively. Here, suppose xmath2 is a checkerboard in a closed surface . . . and then the circuit in a clockwise fashion converges with a map from xmath31 to xmath3 which is one to one, except at the midpoint of Xmath3 . . . and so on . . . these two chords are not connected . . . “Eight.” Thus given a @ xmath0 graph of xmath2 with all vertices of degree 4 or 6, and an expansion at xmath7 of its xmath0 chord diagram, we have a one-to-one correspondence between atoms of @ xmath2 and a permissible separation at xmath3 . This corresponds to the coloring of the angles around each vertex of @ xmath2 , thus we have an permissible separation of @ xmath7 . Note that the two chords to be drawn in the vicinity of any rotating vertex in the vicinity of @ xmath19 do not cross in @ xmath3, as illustrated in the figures: r0t - life cycle, r2t - life cycle, r3t - life cycle , note that the two chords to be drawn in the vicinity of any rotating vertex in the vicinity of @ xmath19 do not cross in @ xmath19, as shown in figures r0t - life cycle, r1t - life cycle, r3t - life cycle , and r3t - life cycle , ... You will find that the number of components in the manifold obtained from a signed chord diagram xmath26 is one plus the corank of xmath55 . Then you will find that the intersection matrix of a signed chord diagram xmath26 is an intersection matrix of xmath56 over xmath1 , such that if xmath57 is negative, then xmath59 will be the result of a triangle between xmath57 and xmath60. Given a xmath0 graph xmath2 in which all vertices are 4 or 6 and a separating circuit xmath6 of xmath2 is divided into non-orientable surfaces xmath3; xmath62 where xmath46 and xmath47 are the results of a permissible separation of xmath7 induced by the embedding. Consider the xmath63 detaining at the bottom of the matha to mathh36 , this is a family of circles, which is called the result of surgery of xmath26 . You see, if you have some permissible partition of the indices of @xmath72, you have a partition of the indices of @xmath72 into two parts, so that chords which arise from the same triad in @xmath30 are in the same part, and chords which arise from the same double chord in @xmath30 are in different parts. this can be reduced to a problem on matrices, as follows. a permissible partition of the indices of @xmath72 is a partition of the indices of @xmath72 (which are only chords of @xmath7) such that @ xmath74 is the intersection matrix of @xmath47 and @ xmath75 is the intersection matrix of @xmath47 . . . let @xmath7 be an expansion of @xmath30. He could test this by the following procedure, which takes a quadratic interval in the number of chords of xmath 36: first, assign all negative chords to the same chord diagram; then assign all positive chords linked to it to the other chord diagram; if the chord originating from a triad, assign the other chord originating from a double chord to the same chord diagram, and if the chord originating from a double chord to the other chord diagram, then assign all the unassigned chords and the chords which are not connected to each other or to the negative chords; and if the chord originating from a double chord is not connected to each other, then assign the other chord to the other chord diagram, as follows: if the chord originating from a triad, assign the other chord originating from a double chord to the same chord diagram; if the chord originating from a triad is not connected to each other, then assign the other chord originating from the double chord to the other chord. if not all chords have been assigned, take any unassigned chord and arbitrarily assign it to xmath. a divaric interval of the double chords, which consists of two pairs of chords connected in pairs and a family of chords connected by two other chords, but which are not connected to each other or to each of the negative chords. this condition also permits the application of a quadratic-time test, as follows: assign one of the chords arbitrarily to a divaric interval of a divaric interval. * * * * * if the chord is positive, assign all chords connected to it to the other chord; if it is negative, assign all positive linked chords and all negative unlinked chords to the other chord. finally, check whether this is permissible and whether xmath89 is permissible. If not all chords are assigned, take any unassigned chord and arbitrarily assign it to a divaric interval of a divaric interval. if this test fails, it is possible that xmath2 has been embedding itself in the divaric interval, so that the divaric interval is divided into two parts. in this case, xmath7 is permissible. In this case, xmath7 is permissible. It is this condition that is tested by the algorithm in the previous paragraph. For example, if the distinct cycle in the embedding of @xmath92 into the klein bottle is a disc, then the distinct cycle in the embedding of @xmath93 is a mbius band . . . Therefore, if @xmath2 has an embedding into the klein bottle where the smoothing of @xmath6 is bound to a disc, then only @xmath94 has an embedding into the klein bottle where the distinguished cycle bounds a mbius band . . .