“The real time operation of the power grid and the calculation of the price of electricity at xcite requires an accurate measurement of its structure and vital state variables. These measurements are generally classified into two categories: meter readings and breaker statuses. Meter readings, which consist of meter readings and breaker statuses, are input to the calculation of the state variables over the estimated topology. The collected measurements can be broadly divided into two categories: meter readings and breaker statuses. In a practical setting the collected measurements suffer from noise, which accumulates either at the source or when they reach the control center. The affect of such noise is minimised by placing redundant meter readers and in particular by employing suitable bad data detection and correction techniques at the estimator xcite. past research on cyber attacks on the power grid has primarily focused on attacking enemies who manipulate meter readings (and not breaker statuses) to alter state estimation. Such attacks involving the unauthorized insertion of malicious data into meters have been observed first in Xcite. Using a dc power flow model for state estimation, the authors of xcite have developed an attack design by incorporating the sphere. Using a dc power flow model for state estimation, the authors of xcite develop an attack design using projections. In this way, several approaches have been discussed to study concealed attacks under different conditions. These include mixed integer programming, heuristic detection, sparse recovery by Xmath relaxation, graph-cut construction for systems with phasor measurement units (psu) @ xcite . If we see that the breaker is turned off or turned off, we will see that the flow measurement on a subset of the transmission lines in the grid is changed from the breaker status to the breaker status. It is not the meter-reading which we study, but the meter-readings which are interpreted as a graph partitioning problem. Nevertheless, our analysis does not involve the corruption of the meter readings, but rather breaker statuses and meter-jamming is a different set of conditions necessary for the achievable. The opponents, however, do not modify any meter reading to an arbitrary value. This paper develops a hidden attack, in which we make use of changes in breaker statuses. The adversary changes the status of a few active breakers from 12 to 22, and therefore there is a signalling defect (due to the disappearance of communication). The adversary does not alter any meter reading to an arbitrary value. The mystery of our study is that in normal conditions, only a single change in breaker status (with the necessary flow measurement jamming) is enough to create an undetectable attack. In fact, this discovery is quite surprising, as our analysis shows that if a breaker can be hidden by changing its status, then a breaker can be hidden only by changing its status. In this case, the adversary can concentrate on attacking the breaker and the necessary measurement jamming . . . this is quite remarkable as the target can focus on making the necessary measurements jamming, without disturbing meter readings. he is employed in the execution of the second draft of this work – in a relatively small way – as an example. In addition, in the subsequent draft of the original draft, the discussion of the devil is on the horizon. As the subject of the next demonstration, we provide a brief description of the approach followed. Firstly, we provide the paper’s dc power flow model. Its state variables are the phases of the power lines, denoted by the vector of @xmath20, and the geometrical traces of @xmath20 and @xmath21 are represented by the diagonal matrix, by the size of @xmath9. The path along edge @xmath12 is taken to be from @xmath13 to @xmath14, without any loss of generality. state estimation of the grid relies on the verge of the breakers in the @xmath8 for topology and then on the pole measurements in the @xmath25 in order to estimate the state vector in the @xmath21 vector. The state variables in this model are the phase angles of the buses, denoted by the @xmath20 vector, and the state vector in the @xmath22 vector , here the line flow is indicated by the @xmath23 vector, and the injections are indicated by the @xmath24 vector. , we consider the injection line at node xmath13, as if it were one of the injections of the lines at node xmath13. Thus, in a matrix, we ignore the noise, we can write equations for received measurements as @xmath39. This is the diagonal matrix of the susceptibilities of the lines in xmath6. A matrix in xmath39 is selected for its being in a matrix form ignoring the measurement noise. Then, by inserting the zeros in a matrix of an identity matrix @ xmath39, we add a group of top-level rows to the matrix that corresponds to the measured flow. @ xmath39 is the diagonal matrix of the susceptibilities of the lines in xmath6 . b   ab  m   ab     label  flow  end  aligned    . . . , and if the minimum residual does not satisfy the tolerance, the phlegmatical flags are lit, and the phlegmatic rule is interpreted. the preliminaries for the analysis of the water under the fire are represented by math46, with the diagonal matrix math47 having a value of math1 in correspondingly blocked lines. Note that if a line is not blocked, the value of the line remains unchanged following the attack. The next section describes the geometrical study of the necessary conditions for the successful breaker-jam attack, with a change in the estimated water under the fire is, a change in the estimated water under the fire, consisting of equations (flowcond) , lambd , nibbd , inibd , inibd nibd so that the new state vector, the new state vector, is represented by the equation (inibl) in accordance with the equation (inibl) in which is indicated the change in the flow measurement; thus, math54 consider the injection measurement ( mu) which is not altered during the attack. so, math54, note that if the flow measurement on the line is not jammed, the value of the measurement remains the same after the attack. In the next section, we describe a graph coloring of the necessary and sufficient conditions, and then present an idea of the optimal construction. The incendiary attack leads to the removal of the lines marked open by equation (mu) from equation (mu) in order to avoid detection, it must be blocked as well (mu) . , there is a separate line in the enlargement with a blue, green, and black route whose flow is measured on all lines and injections measured at buses at xmath13, xmath14 and xmath59. , the red lines are the lines connected to a line whose breaker is not being beaten. Hence a pair of rumblers connected to a line with flow measurements (not beaten) have the same colour . . . a diagram is illustrated in figure Xcite . . . all lines are mapped with the current as a percentage, but the lines between the buses are not detecting any fluids, nor are they beaten by the enemy. Hence, a set of rumblers connected to lines with flow measurements (not beaten) have the same colour . . . so that a line of flow measurements (not beaten) has the same color . . . a line of lines with injections is one that has not been hit by the enemy. This bus can be divided into two types: a) connected to lines that have been hit by the enemy (see Bus @ xmath13 in Figure Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig The blue, green, and black solid circles represent the supernodes of buses xmath13, xmath14, and xmath59 respectively. The contained lines lie between the bus xmath13, xmath14, and xmath59. The flow of the red line is not measured after the attack; the grey lines with red bars represent the line whose underlying breaker is destroyed; the injection of the line on the dotted red line is not measured after the attack. The injection of the flow on the dotted red lines is not measured after the attack. The flow of the flow on the dotted red lines is not measured after the attack. The flow on the dotted red lines is not measured after the attack; the grey lines with red bars represent the lines with the exploded breaker, which influence the injection of the supernodes of xmath13 and xmath14. . . . . . The reduced system consists in it only of constraints on injection measurements that are similar in form to the equation of I [12](23] , as shown below: math57, scaled by 1 . . . - xmath69 - denotes the injection measurement on the supernode @xmath13 with value given by step - xmath70 in the reduced graph construction. note that the equation (adjusted by the elimination of injunction) for injection measurements comprises rows of the yield weighted laplacian matrix for @xmath62. Note that the degree of freedom in @xmath66 (meaning the distinct values in @xmath57) is one less than the number of colors, since one color denotes the reference phase change of @xmath2 . Note that the number of degrees of freedom in @xmath66 (by the distinct values in @xmath57) is one less than the number of colors, as one color denotes the reference phase change of @xmath2 . . . in the case of an adversary, the number of injection measurements at the boundary buses must be one less than the number of distinct colors in the grid buses . . . [21] following a breaker-busting attack, the number of injection measurements at the boundary buses should be one less than the number of distinct colors in the grid buses . . . [22] Thus, the number of injection measurements should be greater or equal to @xmath73 . . . we now show that @xmath72 is exactly @xmath73 , In the next section, we will show that the graph-colored approach has a surprising result that simplifies the design of an optimal attack. if the reduced graph of xmath62 contains a closed ring of supernodes with injections, then the injections will represent the whole graph laplacian of the ring, which is rank-increasing. The real-valued entries in xmath74, which exist on the right side of (inject-me) and are derived from flows on the lines with attacked breakers, will not cancel out under normal operating conditions. Nevertheless, the real-valued entries in xmath74 that exist on the right side of (inject-me) and are derived from flows on the lines with attacking breakers will not cancel out under normal operating conditions . . . if the attack is feasible with a reduction in the number of breaker statuses, then a feasible attack exists, in which all but one of the breaker statuses are changed back to their original operational state ( xmath72). , the adversary is unaware of the current state of the system, and will be able to determine if it is healthy . . . hence the injections measurements constraints will be linearly independent (the adversary expects this under normal operations) . . . if multiple attacks are possible with the minimum number of breaker statuses, we select as optimal the attack that requires the least number of measurement jams . . . , that is, that the red lines are not received. In this case, let us take the example in Fig. 1 in the form of a bus case, as in the figure [fig. 1], two different buses are attacked: if the status of the line defending the route is changed to '_mu>1 and the flow measure is jammed, the new reduced graph will be calculated, as follows: -mu>1 , -mu>2 . the blue, green, black solid circles, representing supernodes for the route defending the route, are as follows: blue, green, black and blue solid circles representing supernodes for the route defending the route: if the status of the line defending the route is changed to 'mu>1 , the new reduced graph will be derived, as follows: -mu>mu>1 , the gradient is % , the gradient is 5% , the gradient is 0% ; as long as the flow of the dotted red lines is not received, the flow on the dotted red lines is not received. .. ., if there are only one breaker if we revert the line defending the route to the operational state, at least one injection measurement in xmath77 will remain non-zero, and the xmath77 constraint equations will still have linearity , so the state estimation will result in a different, but non-zero change in state estimation. We have simulations of our attack on the ieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee and on the random bus test system Xcite, and presented the average results in figure Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig. , for each test system we have flow measurements on all lines and injection measurements on a fraction of the buses we have randomly chosen. At xmath78 the rank constraint () is not included in the optimization framework and can be checked manually after xmath47, for consistency. Fig Fig Fig Fig Fig. XifFig. this is simplified in that we have the jammed measurements (with a xmath1 on the diagonal of xmath47) accounted for by non-zero entries in  math79 , given by the non-zero entries in math79 . The zero values of these numbers are replaced by precisely different real values, which, under normal conditions, do not affect the optimal solution, as they preserve the linear independence of injection constraints given in (lower-down-injection) . In this paper we simulate our attack model for ieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeees, eeeeees, etc. in order to find a feasible attack involving a line we change the breaker status and solve problem ( opt _attack On the one hand we discuss the necessary and sufficient conditions for the existence of achievable attacks by means of a new graph coloring approach. The most important result of our analysis is that optimal attacks exist in the topology of the breaker configuration that require only one switch change. We finally present an optimization scheme to select flow measurements that are jammed to prevent detection of the optimal attack. As a final point, we describe a framework for identifying flow measurements which are jammed to prevent detection of the optimal attack. In this article, we present an analysis of the relative strength of our attack model. - S. c.f. t ott, l. jia, r. j. thomas, and l. tong, -limiting false data attacks on power system state estimation, - , ieeeejournal on selected areas of communication - vol. 30, no. 6, 2012 - o . vukovic, k . c. sou, g . dan, and h . sandberg, - network-aware mitigation of data integrity attacks on power system state estimation, - , ieee journal of selected areas in communications - vol. 30, no. 6, 2012 - o . kosut, l . jia, r . thomas, and l . tong, - At-a-glance, Ieeee. on smart grids. “Recent progress of the IEEE workshops on Smart Grids” , 2014 , a. giani, e. bitar, m. garcia, m. mcqueen, p. khargonekar, and k. poolla, “Power System State Estimation – Theory and Implementation”, crc, 2000 . a . g. exposito , ccs. on Smart Grids, vol. 4, no. 3 , 2013 .