I will address a few key topics in this review. First, a review of some of the latest findings from a few cores of the dense spheres which are so far removed from the cores of the star (the so-called starless or pre-solar spheres) inform us of the initial conditions of star formation, and the study of them can help us to understand how we create dense pockets of cloudy material and build up gravitational instability. The density of the cores, thus, in the so-called starless or pre-solar spheres, inform us of the initial conditions of star formation, and their study can help us to understand the processes by which clouds condense and become gravitationally unstable. In this brief review, I will present some recent findings in the study of dense cores, and address several recent questions which can greatly benefit from alma observation. dense cores of young, globular bodies («prostellar cores») are unique targets for studying the complex motions which occur during the period of accretion, during which an assemblage of infall, outflow, rotation are necessary in order to assemble the star and redistribute the gas angular momentum. These feedback effects are responsible for the transition of the protostar from inactive to visible, and may be very important in determining the final mass of the star and stabilizing the nearby gas through turbulence. On the one hand, alma will permit the study of a dense core in clouds far away, reaching subarcsecond resolution with very high sensitivity. On the other hand, alma will allow studies of dense cores in more distant clouds, widening the sample of available targets from the current set of clouds nearest to the cores at a distance of at least 1 kpc. The resolution and sampling area of alma, together with the high sensitivity to the extended emission, promises to revolutionize the study of dense cores in clouds far away, reaching subarcsecond resolution with high sensitivity. , it is intrinsically weak, and so any increase in resolution must be accompanied by an increase in sensitivity, or it will not be able to provide useful information. starless cores, in general, present a close to constant density of 5000-10,000 au, followed by a density of almost the law of diminishing power at great distances. The earliest phase of a core, the so-called starless or pre-starless stage, is characterised by the absence of a point-like object in its center (e.g. di francesco et al. 2007) . this characterization is of course dependent on the current sensitivity limits of the observations and is therefore susceptible to mistakenly classify a core with an embedded source of very low luminosity (as we have just described with vellos et al.) still, the significant number of dense cores, not yet found even in the deepest spitzer space telescope observations, suggests that there is a population of truly starless cores in the nearby clouds like taurus (reinder et al. 2006). It is still a question of debate, as there are a number of interpretations consistent with it. The most natural one is that the profile results from an equilibrium, in which the pressure of an isothermal gas balances its gravitational pull, so called the bonnor-ebert profile (e.g., alves et al., 2001) . The most natural interpretation is that the profile is formed from the equilibrium configuration in which the pressure of an isothermal gas balances its gravitational pull, the so-called bonnor-ebert profile (e.g., alves et al., 2001). The density distribution of a core, as inferred from dust measurements, is often the case that they disagree significantly. The dust spectra of a core, as illustrated in Fig. 1 for l1498 in taurus, are often centrally concentrated (with the slight flattening of the middle), while all species, but nh @ xmath5 and nh @ xmath7, have ring-like distributions around the elongated horizon. When the density of a core, as inferred from dust measurements, is compared to the density of most molecular tracers, it is often found that they disagree in significant ways. This radiative transfer analysis indicates that abundance is high in a core, which is described by radiative transfer. the cores of the starless center have, on the one hand, a more differentiated, onion-like composition, with a central rich in nh @ xmath5 and nh @ xmath7, and a series of outer layers containing c. Other molecular species suffer the same fate as co, but more importantly, the original chemical balance, characterized by a relative large abundance of co (=math10), is altered by the freeze-out. nh@ xmath5 has an absolute constant value, and sometimes drops below the very center of some cores ( bergin et al. 2002, pagani et al. 2005). The high density and low temperature characteristic of the dense cores make the freezing-out time ( @ xmath5 yr) much shorter than the dynamical scale (@ xmath10 1 myr) , and species like co are rapidly destroyed from the gas phase. nh@ xmath5 freezes up on the dusty grains with a similar binding energy as co (berg et al. 2005), but even if nh@ xmath6 freezes out on the dusty grains with a similar binding energy as co (berg et al. 2005), the abundance of nh@ xmath6 rises somewhat from its value in the diffuse cloud (where co is undetected) to its value in the diffuse cloud. “Through the enhancement of h @ xmath6d @ xmath7 the deuterium atom is sent to other species via ion-molecule reactions (dalgarno & lepp 1984). ” (It is now known that h @ xmath6d @ xmath7 is most extensively destroyed by co, and thus the abundance of h @ xmath6d @ xmath7 is increased, which in turn enriched deuterium by a number of new species. ) if we are to assume a concentrated and central distribution of a particular type (such as h @ xmath6d), a density in the early and very dark phase can be seen in the extreme deuteration of the species h @ xmath6co, ch @ xmath5oh, and nh @ xmath5oh, as it are at protostellar centers (ccarelli et al. 2003) , a correlation between the abundance of h @ xmath6d @ xmath7 and the h AT xmath7, which in turn enriches a number of additional species in deuterium. The most pressing of these questions in the star formation is to understand whether this concentration is driven by the loss of the magnetic field by ambipolar diffusion (e.g., shu et al., osha et al., mouschovias et al., ciolek 1999) or by the dissipation of turbulence (e.g., maclow et al. 2004 ” bourke et al. 2003) with a high degree of co depletion and deuterium fractionation (caselli et al. 1999, 2002) and with a low degree of deuterium fractionation (caselli et al. 1999, 2002) and seems starless despite deep spitzer space telescope observations in the ir (bourke et al. private communication). a core which is much more evolved than l1544 will already contain a luminous object surrounded by an envelope of accreting material. Its small and inconspicuous difference between the pre and proto-star phases of a core is illustrated by the case of l1521f, a core which, initially assuming a molecular aspect of about l1544, was later shown to be a nearly twin of l1544 (Choci et al. 2004) and which later was found to have a luminous central star (Choci et al. 2005) in l1521f. The central object in l1521f is somewhat below zero. It is characteristic of a new group of objects which are usually called vellos (their very low luminosity) , which are usually associated with very weak nebulosity and low velocity bipolar outflows (Bourke et al. 2005) and their position in the evolutionary sequence of protostars is still not clear. The relatively clean appearance of some vellos and the weak emission of their emission may give an interesting alternative to the more evolved (and massive) objects of b335 that have completely developed the evaporation. These less developed objects are not really so unstable as b335 which has fully developed evaporation. The non-sterile effect of the newly born star heats the nearby gas and dust, which in its vicinity generates a temperature gradient. The presence of a protostar at the centre of a core affects not only the gas kinematics but also its chemistry. to the area around the protostar (as in iras 16293 and 2422) the dust temperature falls to 90 - 100 k, at which water vaporizes from the grains and enriches the chemistry. After a review of b335 (and other objects) - the result of the use of alma's high angle resolution and the use of appropriate (i.e., oxygen resistant) tracer - and so on - in the vicinity of the protostar (as in ad ) the dust temperature drops to the 90 - 100 k value, when water vaporizes from the grains and thereby enriches the chemistry. , in the same way that protostars eject material, they release powerful bipolar bursts of supersonic speed. But the lobes of the bursts often coincide with the isolated cavities that we see in our star’s scattered light, proving how the phenomenon of bursts is a major destabilization of the core structure (leady et al., 1992). Despite the recent accelerated efforts, many outstanding problems remain, and alma’s data represent our best hope for a solution (see the contribution of d. shepherd to this volume) . despite the present uncertainties, hot corinos are a unique opportunity to study the innermost boundaries of low-mass protostars. hot corinos are also a rare opportunity to study the innermost boundaries of low-mass protostars – their distinctive chemical composition makes them highly selective markers of the most complex and interesting region of the protostar, where inflow, outflow, rotation, and angular momentum play equally similar roles, while the fluxes of the gas are mingled by a consistent stellar wind (lada 1985). Although there are few successful observations, neither of these models can give the vast range of properties of the underlying wind, for which several models have been developed; but the two main models are the jet-driven outflow and the wind-driven shell, each of them of them with a number of flavours (see bachiller 1996 for an overview) , the two main types of models that have been developed for the purpose of testing the observations are the jet-driven outflow and the wind-driven shell, each of which has a number of flavors (see bachiller 1996 for an overview) See moriarty schieven et al. 1987) . . . if you fit these systems less collimated, then you need to widen the path for the jets, and this is done by means of precession and drifting (mason & chernin 1993) or by large-scale bow shocks (raga & cabrit 1993) . , wind-driven models are naturally designed for shells, thanks to a wide-angle agent that sweeps the sand (Masson & chernin 1993) . The jet-like feature in this outflow, as we see in co and sio emission, is extremely rectilinear, only at the highest speeds (between 30 and 50 km s) and with no precession or wandering. this bubble interpretation is supported by the fact that the blue outflow shell is inline with the walls of a nir scattering nebula seen in spitze. with a combination of high resolution observations and new developments in outflow modeling, we are beginning to find an apparent solution to the current impasse. The wind-driven models, on the other hand, naturally produce shells, thanks to the wide-angle agent which sweeps the ambient material (shu et al.) . . . recent, realistic simulation of the interaction of X wind and the toroidal core of shang et al. (1996). It was shown that the jet and the shell had to be observed simultaneously in very young outflows (shang et al., 2006) . . . the unified model of bipolar flows not only unifies the jet and the wide angle aspect of the outflow, but also integrates the development of flows and the dense core, two elements of which have often been isolated . The model of unified flows not only unifies the jet and wide angle aspect of the outflow, but also brings together the evolution of flows and the dense core, two elements which are often viewed separately . this so-called unified model of bipolar flows , it is not only the jet and the wide angle aspect of the outflow, but also the process of flow and the dense core, which are often overlooked separately. In a solar-type star the unified modeling of the different interactions of the different processes in a sun-like star is a great achievement of alma .