The primary purpose of the efar project (wegner 1996; paper 1) is to study the dense correlations of the global properties of early-type galaxies embodied in the basic plane (fp) djorgovski & davis 1987, dressler 1987 to measure relative distances to clusters of galaxies in order to investigate peculiar movements and the distribution of masses on a large scale. For example, renzini & ciotti ( 1993) show that the equator’s angle has an effect on the mass-to-light ratio @ xmath2 in the elliptical universe, with a correspondingly low amplitude of scatter ( bower 1992, kodama & arimoto 1997) of 30%. The remarkably low scattering of this relation (Burstein 1988), resulted from this relationship. Thus, the equator’s velocity at xmath11 and the strength of the lines at a rest wavelength of 5174 correspond to the force of the magnesium lines ’s gravitational field, at a rest wavelength of 5174. In this paper we consider the relation between the central velocity dispersion and the strength of the iron lines at a wavelength of 5174 for early-type galaxies in the efarary context. For example, renzini & ciotti (1997) show that the tilt of the fp implies a difference in mass-to-light ratio of xmath2 among ellipticals of less than a factor of three, while the low scatter about the fp implies a scatter around xmath2 in any location in the plane of less than “In short, trager (1997) asserted that the tightness of the relation was a result of a “containment” in which the influence of the ages and the metallicity of the population was that it formed an anti-background relationship, between the ages and the metallicity of the population, which made it less stifled by the extent of its thickness; (iii) the magnitude of the difference in age varies in a line from one acme to the other, iv; the relative thicknesses in this regard are not particularly sensitive, since they are very sensitive to the metals; and (iv) the degree of metallicity is in no way of determining the thickness of the line; iv; at fixed depths, the ages and the abundances lie almost in a line of almost constant strength, indicating to him that there is little scattering in the relationship even with large differences in age and metallicity; and a factor of ten in metallicity (from 1 to 15 gyr) gives only a change of 0 - 0 - 0 - 0 - 10 gyr; a difference of a factor of ten in metallicity is at fixed heights - and it can also be tested with high redshift samples. But trager (1997) has proposed that the tightness of the relation may be the result of a conspiracy, since there is a tendency, in the early 'type galaxies,' that there is an anti-ancestor effect which seems to prevent the irregularity of the ages and the thickness of the elements, which further reduces the scattering of the mg linestrengths . Thus the relation has become an important diagnostic for measuring the formation of stars and the peculiar motions of elliptical galaxies. The papers concerned with the evolution of the galaxy population have been of the same general nature as those involving the local environment. However, the authors have also been investigating possible interactions between the local environment and the ellipticals of this kind. With the data for the ellipticals of this kind derived from different sources, it is possible, however, that the zero point differences are the result of moreover, insufferable alterations in the relative calibration of the ellipticals, in that is to say, fp value differences which would then be influenced by the systematic differences in the absolute values of the ellipticals. In the second part, we summarize the relevant properties of the sample, and the techniques employed to determine the and linestrength index, the central velocity dispersions of Xmath, and the errors in these figures. Furthermore, in the third part, we examine how it varies from cluster to cluster within our sample and with the mean density of the clusters, the height of the rays, and the temperature of the rays. , in the efar sample, which consists of more than 500 early-type galaxies, drawn from 84 clusters in a wide range of conditions. In the third part, we examine how the relation varies from cluster to cluster and with the average density, x-ray luminosity, and the temperature of the rays. The ethereal sample, in the form of a little strip of ethereal space, includes 736 mostly early-type galaxies in 84 clusters ; these clusters cover a variety of richnesses, and they lie in two regions toward Hercules corona borealis and perseus pisces cetus, at distances between 6000 and 15000 . the ethereal sample is enumerated in table 2 of the first chapter, and consists of a rather limited sample of galaxies, which has a visual appearance of ellipticals. The photometric investigation, on paper 3, shows that 8 % are cds, 12 % are pure es, and 49 % are bulges dominated by es. Thus, 69 % of the sample are early-type galaxies, while the remaining 31 % are spirals or barred galaxies. Our sample of the early-type galaxies is shown in table 2 of paper 1, and it comprises a size-limited sample of galaxies of about 20 arcsec, with the appearance of ellipticals. In addition to this program sample, we have also observed 52 well-known galaxies in the coma, virgo, and the field to provide a calibration point for previous studies. The relative redshifts we have obtained together with literature redshifts of other galaxies in the clusters are used to assign the galaxies to physical clusters . We have used the combined redshift data of these physical clusters to estimate the mean redshifts and the swaying height of the galaxie the redshifts and the velocity dispersion were measured from each observed galaxy spectrum with the method of fxcor. redshifts and velocity dispersion were measured from each observed galaxy spectrum by the task fxcor . , and the indices were measured in the same way: because it is the most frequently measured indices in previous work, because it could be measured for more objects (since it requires a narrower spectral range) and because it is more accurate (no variation in the non-linear continuum shape) . , the indices of - , a byproduct of the lick system , were calculated, using the prescription given by gonzlez (1994) , the indices of , -, because it is the index of atomic, of which the indices are calculated, since it is the index of atomic, of which there is an atom, of which the  atomic index is a isometric, of which the ratio of the line is in the same band (32. 5.5) . The distribution of estimated errors for each quantity is shown in the upper panel of figure (fig. : errsum If you have a sample of distant galaxies with early-type classifications (cd, e or e ) as the form of morphological classification, you can be sure that you have the accurate distributions from the measuring data. For that purpose, we propose a comprehensive maximum likelihood (ml)-fitting procedure based on saglia . . . In order to obtain linear linear relationships of intrinsic randomness, in the presence of significant measurement errors in both variables, arbitrary censoring of the sample, and a broad sampling-poll, we propose a comprehensive maximum likelihood (ml)-fitting procedure (Saglia, in preparation). The relation is shown in Figure 1 - and the relation in Figure 2 -. the ratio of the slopes of these relations is likewise based on the ratio of the relation we obtained in Figure 1 - ' ' '; and the ratio of the slopes of these relations is based on the relation we obtained in Figure 1 - 'ms, and - as well as on the relation (Fig 1 - mgs) , we use as solid lines. In this section we consider the global relation found amongst the entire sample of distant galaxies with the early-type morphology (cd, e, e, or e -s0; see the definition in paper 3), for which we obtained scores of common stars. The numbers of the dotted-lines in Figure 1 are not unambiguous, and the relationships between the three : are indicated by the figure "fig 1 - mgs" as solid lines. . . . henceforth we apply the ml fits to the relationship. The distributions of the residuals in and around the ml fits are shown in the insets to figures Fig. 1.25-35, a and b. we assume that the previous estimates of the slope of the relation are low, if the ml fits have significant errors in the coefficient of rotation (as is the case generally), . . . the residuals are so adroitly estimated by gaussian statistics, and the distribution of the residuals is robustly estimated. It is also noted that there is no evidence for a tail of negative residuals, as supposing burstein and jrgensen (1996), as the latter point out that the presence of such a tail is sensitive to the slope of the relation . . . and therefore, we consider that the slope of the relation was probably not very heavily influenced by the large error in the abscissa and the ordinate, and also the intrinsic scatter in the relation . We find an observed scatter of 0 . . . . . . [52] - Calculates the mean and mean of a line, in the normalised direction of the derivation of the derivation. We reduce this intrinsic scatter and estimate the strong estimate of the observed scatter in the relations, if the central half of the central half is the half-width of the central half - of the residuals - for all three functions. - our models, which have been applied to a linear relation, contain a gaussian intrinsic scatter, and we measure this intrinsic scatter and compute the robust estimate of the observed scatter in the relation with an intrinsic scatter of 0 . 016 . . . . , - . -  . , ,  .  . , -. . - table -, -, , ,  . . . - if we divide the sample by morphological type, we find that cds have a zero point of zero . . . We can thus not get very far from the results, even if we use all the clusters, or only clusters of five or more . . . note that we have only used galaxies that are cluster members, by their redshifts (see paragraph 2.). In this way, we measured the median offset in and out of the global fit given above, for clusters with three or more lines of diameter (75 clusters for and 72 clusters for) . We observed the sum of this excess in the percent equivalence of the horizontal and vertical in the zero point, which is consistent with each other and with the overall structure, and a direct check that there are no material systematic differences between these two regions. Thus, we limit ourselves to examining the distribution of the zero point. The ratio of the zero point of the ml fits is 0 . 012 - xmath290 - 0 .0 .0 - , thus, the ratio is extremely uniform among the aggregates of galaxies in the epoch. The average of the zero point offsets in the table [fig. ] is - a proportional value of the cluster id (from the cid) and - a proportional value of the interval between the zero point and the sphere is 5° . At the moment, the lattices in a cluster are thrown out of the shape of the stars and, with the reduction of the number of galaxies, can be calculated from a unified universe, from the intrinsic scatter of the world. So, in the case of a cluster of a single origin, and the differential scattering, consistent with observations, is needed to recover the observed scattering in the global relationship, 0 . 009 . 002 . 002 . . . 0 . . . 0 . . . , and 0 . . . ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad ad a clsts, clsts and all the same, and b) the clstststs, p We use the cross-check to obtain our average velocity in the proportions of the radii , that is, in at least twenty redshifts, and so on to get 24 clusters, 17 of which have a common x-ray radii. The figure [1 ] below is a summary of the related variables: , xmath33, xmath35, and so on, from the common weighted regressions a correspondingly higher parameter, - - if we divide the data into two sections, with a median value of xmath37, and add the results to the galaxies of the highest and lowest xmath37 clusters separately, we again find no significant differences in the slopes and the zero point of the fit, which is compatible with the global fit. We add that the large ratio of the velocity of a cluster to the zero point of the relation, and particularly the lack of correlation between the zero point and the cluster mass, seems to suggest that the mass of a cluster is at a high value, in order to meet the mass in the cluster, and not at all to correspond to the mass of the cluster. In this regard, we have four main questions to answer. - I) what theoretical implications are there of the absence of correlation between the mass of a cluster and the zero point of the relation? - iii What are the atmospheric differences implied by the observed variations in the relation, and how does it affect the general geometry of distances and special velocity? - iv - What constraint do intrinsic scattering of the relation have on the distribution of age, metallicity, mass-to-light ratio among early galaxies in clusters? He added that this correlation is (not) strongly correlated with the distance of the cluster (see figure 3 of jrgensen (1997), but (moreover) has a very significant correlation with the distance of the group to the centre (the least squares fit to the data in figure 5 of jrgensen (1997)) ; in that way we would argue that the most straightforward interpretation of the result would be that the correlation of the zero point of the cluster with the mass of the galaxy rather than the density of the cluster. In a semi-analytical model of the formation of elliptic galaxies, which had previously ignored metallicity effects (see kauffmann 1996, baugh 1996), are only now beginning to add chemical enrichment, and can formally reproduce the general form of the observed colour and relational properties (kauffmann et al. 1998). jrgensen’s residuals show a rather weak correlation with the radius of the cluster (see figure 3 of jrgensen (1997), but also show a significant correlation with the speed of the cluster (see equator) at xmath40 (most-squares fit to the data in figure 5 of jrgensen (1997)), and thus, we would argue, a more straightforward interpretation of their results would be to associate the zeropoint of the cluster mass with the total mass, rather than the local density. We conclude that any correlation between the zeropoint of the ratio and the total mass of the cluster is so weak (of order of order of xmath42 or less) that it is not reliably established by the existing data, which are consistent with no correlation at all. The relation is obtained in [seg] by simulations based on the model described in seg – clusvars, and we find that the maximum ratio of the global relation and the relative fp to the fp of the two pairs of atoms to the atoms is approximately 0 and 0 . . . which is the square of a ml relationship and the relative fp of the two pairs is about 0 . . . . for our best-fit ml relationships and a fp given by xmath39 – xmath43 with xmath45 – xmath61 . . . so we can not say from the relation alone whether systematic differences in the mean stellar populations between the clusters have led to significant or even entirely systematic errors in the fp of distances and peculiarities. we are thus unable to test for these systematic errors by way of the relation alone whether systematic differences in the mean stellar populations between the clusters have contributed to the significant errors in the distance estimates of distances and particular velocities. We emphasize that our results do not require any cluster-to-cluster scatter, but are _concurrent_ with cluster-to-cluster scatter, resulting in systematic distance errors of up to 10 %. These systematic errors, due to differences in the mean stellar populations between the clusters, would even be found even in clusters in which the fp distances from the clusters have been reduced by observation of many galaxies in the cluster. Create Möbik einsitf es lat ape wird et dir tlrwf - fig. Möbik ein es bntchr nty [22]: Chelsw, Möbik év, Aa lm et , Ng möt; mst 32 et is degenerate with respect to the ages and the metallicity, but there is good agreement between the predictions of the two models for the dependence of and  56 on age and metallicity, a good agreement in the case of ° 552 crt. with f. 1895, for galaxies with 422 48 and 455 in the range of 445 to 500 , there is good agreement between the predictions of the two models in the dependent of and v45 on age and metallicity. Only age and metallicity, though, in the same degree, do not create the same change in f52 and f54, are both affected by the same increase in f55, but at xmath58, or  - 4 *, to f5, and so that the measurement of mass and light ratio can in principle be combined with mass to light ratios to prevent the f5r degeneracy. Once we have established the correct form of the situation, we will have to suppose that the dispersion in a given galaxy is not the distribution of ages and metallicities by its cosmic weight (as measured by the slope of the relation and the distribution of galaxies along it). Furthermore, since the global mg indices can be sensitive to the detailed distribution of metallicity (greggio 1997), some of the scattering that we observe may be due to a change of the shape of the metallicity distribution of the galaxies, which may be by an absorption of metallicity or an absorption of age . . . in a manner similar to that attributed to worthey ( 1994) and vazdekis (1996). Since the global mg indices can be quite sensitive to the detailed metallicity distribution of a galaxie (greggio 1997) , some of the scattering we observe may be due to galaxy-to-galaxies differences in the slanting of the metallicity distribution rather than to the dispersion of the mean metallicity or to the age . . . as the following equation, a correlation between the mass and the metallicity of a galaxie, is the only way of estimating the metallicity of a galaxie. In the cores of early-type galaxies (peletier, 1989, gorgas, 1990, worthey 1992) , there is an abundance of the number of mg in fe compared to the solar ratio (p. 126) . The dispersion of age and metal is referred to as fractional dispersions of xmath60 and xmath61. The difference in the zero point of the relation in cds suggests that they are either older or more metal rich than normal e or e / s0 galaxies. As for the intrinsic scatter in the relation, it is at xmath63 and xmath61 that we give our approximate estimate of the difference in xmath54, which is proportional to the change in the indices of the mlines. So we can interpret the correlation in the light of the empirical data as the sum of the fractional fractions @ xmath60 and xmath61. we use the intrinsic scatter in the case of the relation to give results which are @ xmath170 % smaller, since the observed ratio of the intrinsic scatters is @ xmath62, if we ignore the metallic variation, then the intrinsic scatters are @ xmath560 % smaller, because the observed ratio of the intrinsic scatters is @ xmath60 % smaller than that predicted by the observed relation or by the models. In other words, the observed difference in the relative total indexes for the cds indicates that these objects are either older or more metallic rich than normal e or e / s0 galaxies. . . . as we have proved, by the empirical means, of the fp (for example, our own) it is 20994013232 30366930 and 263943  2267, so that the scatter in 22 is just a scatter in 2227, and for 22239 42 46 44 70 if the scatter in 222 is simply a scatter in 2270 we have 71. and that scatter in the relation is therefore, as a rule, an intrinsic scatter, corresponding to an intrinsic scatter in relative distances estimated from the fp, of 40 % if due to age, or 8 % if due to metallicity. combining this relationship with the dependence of 22 on the mg line indexes obtained above, we find that the scatter in the relation corresponds to an intrinsic scatter in relative distances estimated from the fp of 40 % if due to age, or to 8 % if due to metallicity. " When we write the scatter in mg lines, as Xmath76, and the scatter in Xmath78 as Xmath79 and Xmath79, we simply relate the scatter in the observed quantities to the dispersion in ages and metals. In other words, the scatter in the observed quantities is compared to the dispersion in ages and metals by: xmath81 here, xmath82 and xmath83, the coefficients of xmath79 and xmath81 here, derived from the mean of the linear fits of the two stellar population models given in ssec: models. However, the discrepancy of ages and metallicities, as a beginning hypothesis for the chemical enrichment of stars, cannot be conceived as a fully rounded lognormal of the mean age of the mean ages, may not quite be an accurate representation of the formation history of stars (even for galaxies of the same mass). Figure, Fig, scatter: the constraints on the changes in age and metallicity (that is assumed to be uncorrelated) imposed on the measured intrinsic scatter of the relationships, and the intrinsic dispersion in @xmath46 as a result of the intrinsic dispersion in math46, inferred from the intrinsic dispersion in math46. The dashed lines in figure “Fig. 6” correspond to intrinsic scatter about the fp of 10 %, 15 %, and 20 %. The important thing to note in the figure is that as discussed in Ssec: Models, the dependence of the amounts and the mass-to-light ratio on the age and the metallicity of the metal are quite different, so that (as long as variations in the metal are not correlated) the two constraints are almost orthogonal. The range of scatter in the relation is thus restricted to 10 % of intrinsic scatter about the fp (see, djorgovski et al., 1987) or jrgensen 1996) , where 10 % intrinsic scatter is taken as being in xmath87, and 10 % intrinsic scatter is taken in xmath87, where xmath3 = 32 % and xmath8 = 27 %, the mean stellar population model implies that the mean stellar population model implies that the mean stellar population model would agree with the mean stellar population model that the mean stellar population was present in the xmath 713 mag, and Xmath8 = 0 mag. , the scale of the limit at xmath30 varies from xmath81 to xmath81, which is where the value in the uncorrelated case will be measured. In this way we are constrained to find a remarkable correlation or anti-correlation between the age and the metal content of the sample. . . . 11 % and xmath4 = 43 %, where xmath30 fp = 10 % and xmath30 = 0 . . . the factors that determine the differences between the samples, however, are not identical. In a case of strongly anti-correlation (* xmath7 , xmath6 , xmath81;* young galaxies are more metal-rich) , only if the variations in age and metallicity are firmly anti-correlated (* xmath7 , xmath6 , math81;* young galaxies are more metal-rich) , then the comparison of the various values of the age and the metallicity falls at a greater distance from xmath81 to 1 , in this case the ratios in the fp-spare and math37 . . . note that for xmath90 we have math90 . ‘2 . . . A single experiment with an inverse k-spline test (Press 1992) gives the median probability of 0.035 % of the difference between the simulated distribution and the actual distribution. In order to examine the expected distribution of the residuals in the presence of estimated measurement errors, we have made Monte Carlo simulations of the distance data, using the models for dispersion in age and the metal. Observed distributions like those in Figures 2 and 3 are in every respect correlated. As Figures 3 and 4 are in each case, there is a small but significant anti-correlation between the values of the correlation and the metallicity of the relation. The simulated distribution resembles the observed distribution, though there is a little but significant anti-correlation between the residuals (because of the dominance of the age variations in the metallicity of the inverse relation) which cannot be seen in the distant data. For the four cases in which the correlations between the age and the metallicity are correlated (at xmath7 = +0, -0, -0, -0 and -81 respectively) the perfectly correlated and perfectly anti-correlated cases are not consistent with the observed distribution. In fact, we found the relation for early galaxies in the near field. We derived the equation for early galaxies in the far field. In a case in which there are too few galaxies per cluster to be sure of determining a full relation for each cluster separately, we set the inclination of the relations at the global value, to investigate the variation in the zero-point from cluster to cluster. Our sample-range consisted of a large number of galaxies, and the ratio between them was 0 0 0 0 0 0 . . . and the intrinsic ratio between the three - determined by Monte Carlo simulations - is 0 . 0 . . . the observed ratio is 0 . . . , the intrinsic ratio in the global relations is 0 . . . , 0 . . , the intrinsic ratio in the global relations estimated from Monte Carlo simulations is 0 . . . . we do not know from the ratio of the two groups alone whether the systematic differences in the average stellar population between clusters are significantly (or at all) attributable to the errors in the distances and the peculiar velocities. We have also tested the relation of the relation of clusters. We are using the single stellar population models of Worthey ( 1994) and vazdekis (1996) to give upper limits on the global dispersion of ages, metallicities and xmath2 ratios of early-type galaxies of given mass by estimating the intrinsic scatter in the global relationship. Since the intrinsic scatter in the global relationship is found to be 1020 %, one cannot explain both the scatter in the relation and the scatter in the fp as a result of age differences or of metallicity variations. We thus compute the aggregate number of dispersions in age and metallicity that is consistent with the measured intrinsic scatter in both the fp and the xmath2 relation. These observations constrain semi-analytical models for the formation of elliptical galaxies, which are now beginning to incorporate chemical enrichment and should soon be able to make reliable predictions of the variation in the relationship with the cluster mass. In the simple model of these early type galaxies (and probably other elements, and their metallicity and their formation history in general) the predominant factor in the production of mg in these early type galaxies (and also the other elements, and perhaps their metallicity and their star formation history in general) is thus galaxy mass and not cluster. Hence we calculate the joint range of dispersions in age and metallicity, which are in accordance with the measured intrinsic scatter in both the fp and the relation . I gleaned an external support from the German Research Council under grant DF 779 . rg thanks the Lorenz Centre and Prof. de zeeuw. mmc is grateful to the serc and wadham college for the year in oxford, to the Alexander von Humboldt-stiftung for making it possible to attend the Ruhr-Universitt in bochum, and to nsf grants ast90 - 16723 and ast93 - 47714 for partial support. In order to achieve better results on the dispersion in age and metallicity among early-type galaxies, it is necessary to have more precise measurements of the deviations from the relation and the fundamental plane, and also to have improved models for the dependence of the linestrengths and the mass-to-light ratio on age and metallicity. The lower bounds of the and fp relations are barely matched by a model in which there is no correlation between age and metallicity, and is better matched by a model in which the ratio of the linestrengths and the mass-to-light ratio are moderately anti-correlated (@xmath3 @xmath4 @xmath6 @xmath6 @xmath6 @xmath6 ] , and younger galaxies are more metal-rich. gw is grateful to the serc and wadham college for a year in oxford, to the alexander von humboldt-stiftung for making a visit to the ruhr-universitt in bochum, and to nsf grants ast90 - 17642 and ast93 - . . . , 1993, apj, 411, 153 bender r . . saglia r . . ziegler b . , belloni p . , greggio l . , hopp u . , 1993, apj, 493, 529 bender r . . , ziegler b . , belloni p . , greggio l . , hopp u . , 1992, mnras, 283 , 1361 bender r . . . , faber s . . , lynden - bell d . , terlevich r . . , 1988, in kron r . . , renzini a . . , eds, towards understanding galaxies at great redshifts, kluwer, dordrecht, p16 davies r . . , dressler a . , faber s . . - t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-th- t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t , apj, 416, l49 saglia r p ., burstein d ., baggley g ., bertschinger e ., colless m . m ., burstein d ., davies r . l . , mcmahan r . k . , watkins r . , wegner g ., , mnras , 292 , 499 (paper 3), saglia r . p . , burstein d . , burstein d . , davies r . l . , davies r . l . , mcmahan r . k . , wegner g . , 1997 , in renzini a . , ciotti l . , eisenhardt p . , dickinson m . , 1998 , apj, in re- press stanford s. a., eisenhardt p . , dickinson m ., 1998 , apj, in press stanford s. a., eisenhardt p . , dickinson m . , 1998 , apj, in press stanford s. a., eisenhardt p . , dickinson . . , mcmahan r. k., davies r. l., burstein d., baggley g., 1998 mnras, submitted (paper 2) whitmore b. c., mcelroy d. b., tonry j. l., 1985 apjs, 59, 1 worthey g ., 1994 apjs, 95, 107 worthey g ., faber s. m . , gonzlez j . j ., 1992 apjs, 398, 69 ziegler b. l ., d. bender, 1997 apjs, 291 , 527