The main tendency of waves irradiated in a curved spacetime is a 'power-law tail.' . in particular, it is known that the dominant late-time behavior of massless fields that propagate in black holes is a power-law tail. Bik - Xcite extended the analysis and examined the dynamics of a scalar field in a charged reissner - nordstrom space. he also found an asymptotic inverse power-law decay of the field, with the same power indices as in the schwarzschild space (with the exception of the extreme reissner - nordstrom black hole) . The existence of these tails was demonstrated in full numerical simulations of the symmetrical collapse of a self-respiring spherical sphere. Besides, they showed that power-law tails are a genuine feature of gravitational collapse. gundlach, price, and pullin @ xcite proved that these inverse power-law tails also characterize the late-time evolution of radiative fields at future-infinity and at the black hole horizon. In a brilliant work, Leaver @ xcite demonstrated that the late-time tail can be connected with the existence of a branch cut in the green function for the scalar problem. The purpose of this paper is to derive analytic expressions for the _higher-order corrections_ which _contaminate_ the well-known power-law tail in a spherically symmetric gravitational collapse. the calculation of these higher-order corrections is also important from several points of view. The bik@xcite analysis and gundlach et . . ad hoc analysis confirmed the fact that the high-order correction to the leading-order power-law tail is universal, that is, independent of the black hole electric charge (i.e., the power index in a charged reissner- nordstrom spacetime was equal to the one found by price at xcite for the neutral schwarzschild black hole). and the observation begs the question: what fingerprints (if any) do the black-hole electric charge leave on the decay of the field? and thus, in practice, the finite integration time leads to an inherent error in the determination of the power index. Besides, the calculation of the higher-order corrections to the higher-order corrections is also important; it is especially important for the calculation of the power index from numerical simulations. A spherically symmetric charged object of mass @xmath4 and mass @xmath5 is given by the metric of the reissner- nordstrommetric @xmath6 where the radial coordinate of the shape of the sphere is given by @xmath7 and for @xmath14 the curvature potential eq. The first two terms of eq. ([6] represent the zeroth-order solution to eq. . . [7] the first two terms of eq. ([7]) represent the zeroth-order solution (with @xmath25) . . . this effect is caused by the time dilation between static frames and infalling frames. . . . the object of the star is rolled down at a retarded time, and , the star begins to collapse at a retarded time . . . The stellar surface is asymptotically asymptotically asymptotically asymptotically redshifted . . . The star starts to collapse at a retarded time . . . The expression of these integral terms as being devoid of backscatter comes from the fact that they are only obtained in a section of the past light cone, while the outward waves are only obtained in a fixed @xmath30 and @xcite. This assumption is justified by numerical simulations. The corresponding function @ xmath35 fulfils the recursion relation @ xmath36 for @xmath38, where @ xmath38 and @xmath39, respectively. This application of the functions @ xmath36 are combined with the recursion relation for @ xmath37, where @ xmath38 and @ xmath39. Thus, the solution for @ xmath44 is a comparison of eq. (Eq.) with the first data on eq. (Eq.7), one finds the solution for @ xmath45, where @ xmath46 eq. (Eq.7) is slanted by @ xmath48, and with @ xmath49 , one finds the expansion for eq. (Eq. 7), and the expansion for eq. (Eq. 5) Xmath60 and Xmath59. In the figure, we have calculated the late-time period of the field for Xmath60. The measured mass is equal to xmath64, and the distance is =848, _. The late-time period of the field is independent of the form of the first data. Hence we conclude that Xmath60 and Xmath60 are exactly the same at xmath60. However, we have used a modified version of the numerical code of @xcite, which is necessary in order to obtain the extremely high accuracy required for the computation. The following is a graph of the scalar field in the curve @ xmath70, with a centre @ xmath64 and a width @ xmath65 . . . the principal power law fall-off is obvious at asymptotic late times. Thus, we conclude that @ xmath58 and  xmath59 is a gaussian pulse, based on a gaussian pulse at xmath64 . . . . , a curved black hole is set at xmath64, and the spacing between them is at xmath65. The asymmetrical field field is straightforward to integrate with eq. (eq14) using the method described in @ xcite. ‘The numerical result of xmath78 (insiderating the value of xmath7) is very close to the corresponding theoretical result of xmath82. this slight deviation from the theoretical result is expected from the correction of order Xmath83 in the expression for xmath68 eq. (eq.) . hence Fig. (fig.2) confirms that the contamination term of order Xmath0 is a ‘leading’ – Erlang – Reed (see fig. (fig. 2 ) . and besides being a ’ theoretically significant’ result, the result eq. (eq. ‘14’) is also a ’practical’ result. , there is no reason to suppose that a ‘perfect’ (nanometric) determination of the power index requires an extremely long integration time . So we begin to think about the behaviour of the field at the black hole at xmath89. In other words, we assume that the solution of eq. . . - eqa2 is the same late-time dependence as the solution of eq. . . - (eqa2), and in this way we see the ansatz for eq. . . . in other words, we assume that the solution in eq. - (eqa2) has the same late-time dependence as the solution in eq. - eqa2 , in other words, we assume that the solution in the eq. - eqa2 is the same as the eqa2 solution. , in other words, we suppose that the solution in eq. - (Eqa2 ) has the same late-time dependency as the eq. - (Eqa2) solution. the final data is a gaussian distribution with Xmath66. Xmath67 a temporal evolution of the scalar field, measured at Xmath67 in a schwarzschild spacetime with Xmath66. This (asymptotic) result is caused by the fact that the terms of order at Xmath105 (and smaller) were entirely forgotten by the approximated curvature potential in Xcite. Moreover, the approximated approach to xcite, if extended along the same lines to a reissner-north spacetime, would be interpreted as implying that the influence of the black hole electric charge on the late-time tail is "in a manner" the same (i.e., it is the same for all orders in Xmath106). This result is again due to the fact that the approximated approach of Xcite does not account for the part of the parameter(s) of order_ at xmath107 and xmath108 which appear in the exact contour potential. The central panel shows the evolution of the local power index (eq. xmath111). The power index approaches the well-known asymptotic value at xmath111. The asymptotic value at xmath78 is excellent in line with the analytically predicted behaviour at xmath79.