For more than 60 years, it has been well known that the quiet solar corona is heated to a temperature of about 12 million kelvins, while the visible surface of the sun is approximately 250 times cooler (grotrian 1939, edlen 1942, phillips, 1995) . it is also recognized that the magneto-hydrodynamic (mhd) waves play a key role in the heating of the solar corona so that convective energy in the photosphere is converted to thermal energy in the corona through magnetic fields or waves. The primary energy source for this heating must lie in the convection zone below the solar photosphere (e.g. bray et al., 1991; golub epoch 1999; aschwanden 2004) where there is a hundred times as much energy as required to heat the corona ( twilight; withbroe et al. 1977, aschwanden 2004) . it has been shown theoretically that the interaction of the magnetic field with convective swells in or below the photosphere can create two types of magnetic disturbances in the corona: first, the perturbation of magnetic flux concentrations in the photosphere by granulation generates mhd waves, which can flow into magnetic flux tubes and dissipate their energy in the chromosphere or in the corona (ofman et al. 1998) . secondly, in the circuit of magnetic feet, the curved and braided line of the coronal field can be interlocked and drooped, resulting in the radial alignment of the fields. The number of small flares has been estimated to a number of nano flares; but the total energy, while tantalizingly close, is probably not as great as the prescribed amount (parnell et al. 1994, aschwanden 2004) is the result of this investigation. The results of these investigations are rather contradictory, with both positive and negative oscillations of the coronal structures (e.g. pasachoff et al., 1995, 2000, 2002) and by ruin and minarovjech (red lines, complete eclipses in 1999 and 2001; phillips et al., 2000, williams et al., 2001; rudawy et al., 2001; rudawy et al., 2001; rudawy et al., 2001; rudawy et al., 2001; rudawy et al., 2001; rudawy et al., 2001; rudawy et al., 2002; rudawy et al., 2004) and singh et al. (green line, total eclipses in 1999 and 2001; phillips et al., 2000; phillips et al., 2001; rudawy et al., 2001; rudawy et al., 2001; rudawy et al., 2001; rudawy et al., 2001; williams et al., 2002; rudawy et al., 2004) The observatory is a 20-cm lyot , with two cameras, auxiliary electronics, and dedicated computer, and a special optical system between the observatory and the secis instrument. The central part of the observatory has an artificial moon (the occulting disk) which is a fat mirror, oriented on the optical axis, and transmits the light from the solar disk through the optical lens to the grating. This grating is a single objective lens (bk7 glass, xmath5 = 17 . 0 m, xmath5 = 17 . 0 m, xmath5 = 17 . 0 m, xmath5 = 17 . 0 m, xmath5 = 17 . 0 m, xmath6 = 17 . 0 m, xmath7200 mm, xmath83 m) and a primary diaphragm which obscures the lens to a final aperture of 195 mm. The central part of the optical system has an artificial moon (the occulting disk) which is a fat mirror, pointing the optical axis, and reflects the solar disk light from the coronagraph tube. The central part of the optical system has an artificial moon (the occulting disk) which is a fat mirror pointing toward the optical axis, and reflects the light of the solar disk from the coronagraph tube. The compass is set up in front of the field lens in a hole in the center, and can be changed to similar ones, with various diameters. The combined CCTV cameras are connected to the muskogee peak coronagraph using a new, special optomechanical interface. The composite optical system is shown schematically in fig. 1 along with fig. 2 illustrating the component parts in the rigid, light-crack-box. The direct beam of the diverging divergence passes through a broad-band and neutral density filter (marked nd/wb filter) and then passes through another flat mirror (m3), and at last it is brought to a focus on the ccd camera (marked ccd wl) by an achromatic lens (l120 / 50) . fet et fet et fet et fet et fet et fet et fet fet fet fet fet fet fet et fet et et ccd wl et et ccd et fet fet et et cd et d. c. a. ,. The other portion of the network consists of two separate fiber optic cables, ed and fl inlet, which carry, at an angle of d. f, about 200 mm ; it then passes through a broad band and neutral density filtering, called nd/wb filtering, in the figure, and is reflected from a flat mirror (m3), then it is reflected by an achromatic lens (l120 / The elements of the optical system, as well as the appropriate optics, were available from the catalogue of melles-griot. the beam splitter (bspl) reflects only ten % of the light to the broad-band channel, and transmits the remainder of the light to the narrow-band channel, and the narrow-band filter (nm 520 nm ) was chosen in order to ensure the equal illumination of the narrow-band and the broad-band channels. The optical system was assembled, assembled, and pre-aligned in the box; except for focusing, no special adjustments were needed for the optical components at the telescope (fig. 3). three narrow-band filters with passbands around the 530 nm green line are available (two made by barr &amp; one by andover) , all filters have fwhm bandpasses of fwhm10nm and diameters of 50 mm. a neutral density filter (nd) in the narrow-band (green line) was selected to ensure equal illumination in both channels, thus giving the same spatial scale. a dome-shaped black aluminum box, serving as a rigid optical frame for the optical components, was built and tested between 1997 and 1999 in a british/british collaboration to investigate the period of short coronal light oscillations. The two cameras are operated in an asynchronous mode, and when a trigger pulse of the control apparatus is pressed, one of the cameras is to capture an image at a precise moment and at a precise interval of time. The two cameras can be driven at up to 70 frames per second. The camera electronics in the camera’s system operate the cameras in an asynchronous manner, where the pulse of the control electronics commands one of the cameras to capture an image at a precise moment and with a fixed exposure time. The data are captured and stored on a personal computer. The computer captures the digital video streams of the two cameras and re-assembles the video, and retains them for further analysis. The data is captured and stored on the computer’s personal computer. since 2003 secis has been used for the spectral observation of the solar flare over the profile of the h–= at xmathh– at 656 nm, in the model of a multi-channel dissipative double pass spectrograph (Meier, 1977 and 1991) and a large coronagraph (with a topo of 530 mm) or a horizontal telescope of 150 mm focal length installed at biakow Observatory ( astronomical institute of the university of wrocaw) (radziszewski et al., 2006, 2007a, 2007b, 2008) The measurements showed that the filters had to be heated to a very high temperature (at 4550 degrees Celsius) to tune the filter’s passband to the green line. We tested the filters in the broad band and the narrow band. Then we compared the performance of the two tests in a single wide-band and a narrow band. As a result of these tests we measured the passbands transmitted by the filters by the width (fwhm) and by the central wavelength (of 0.1 nm) of the filter, which was measured by the thick lines in fig. 5 . the scales of the passbands depended on the temperature of the filter. In the case of the narrow band, the coronagraph is very stable. The test results show that the filters have to be heated to a fairly high temperature (4550 degrees celsius) in order to tune the passband to the green-line wavelength. Examples of the mean reference disk centre spectra taken with and without the narrow band filter are shown in fig. 5 . . . the passband is transmitting a few percentage points from the mean value, and the wavelength of the passband is proportional to 0 nm, and the passband width by only 4 %. The background is very stable, except for a very small outward observation. I am confident that it is ready to measure the strong coronal loops above the solar limb as they appear, under coronal sky, i.e. with little scattering of light by the earth’s atmosphere. We have the Sensing instrument installed at the Lomnicky Mountain Observatory. It will allow data to be acquired that may yield a better understanding of where the mhd waves originate and dissipate in the corona , especially the signatures of high-frequency mhd waves involved in the cooling of the corona ... the considerable improvement in our knowledge of a long-standing problem of solar physics can be made by such observations. The work of j. a. and j. r. was partly supported by the slovak research and development department under the contract No. apvv - 0066 - - which, in addition to all expenses related to the observation of the observatory at lomnicky peak, (slovakia), j . a. and j. r. ; the authors owe the support of the astronomical institute, namely assistants k. mank, r. maura, p. , and the anonymous referee for comments which have helped the work.