. . . the two reciprocal forms of optical response are illustrated in Fig. . [ fig. a] and fig. b) are transmission reciprocal, and those in Fig. . . . [ fig. b] are reflection reciprocal. in Fig. . . . a reciprocal geometry is used for asymmetric gratings, such as an echelette grating. The reciprocal nature of the transverse geometry of Fig. [ fig. b] is based on the reciprocal relationship of the helmholtz equation, and the proof showed that reciprocal reflection holds for periodic objects, regardless of absorption. From the history of the literature on reciprocal optics, which is reviewed in ref. , was presented by petit in 1980, where reciprocal reflection, as shown in fig. [f] . [a]: the transverse geometry of Fig. . . in fig. . [b] , we are referring to the transmitting modulo, and to the reflection modulo, the suffix k and k are required to determine the boundary conditions of the incident, grating and transmitted layers. The most general proof was presented by petit in 1980, where the reciprocal reflection, as shown in fig. [f] [f] is found for an asymmetric grating such as an echelette grating . . . A mathematical and experimental example of reciprocity is presented in Sec. [13]. The inverse equation (reci) is applicable to a differential optical response in both transmission and reflection. In this section we will apply the inverse theorem to the optical responses in transmission and reflection. We will also show how reciprocal optical responses are obtained in a distance and a plane. The inequalities and the equivalence of the reciprocal are discussed. Here we will see the principle of reciprocity in electromagnetism . When two currents exist, as shown in fig. [2], and induced electromagnetic waves are moving in linear and locally responding media, where Xmath7 and Xmath8 are ejected, the equation (xmath9) is the reciprocal theorem in electromagnetism . The dipole, oscillating at the frequency of xmath17, produces a ripple, which is seen in the far field. The dipole, oscillating at xmath17, emits dipole radiation, which is detected in the far field. Then, we define the notation used in the calculation of the integrals of eq. (reci) . "Fig. 3 shows a typical transmission line - it involves an arbitrary periodic object asymmetric along the @xmath19 axis. We therefore estimate @xmath42 (@xmath43 and @xmath44) - the relation between the current @xmath12, the direction @xmath35 of the dipole, and the amplitude of the amplitude of the amplitude is summed up as - xmath41 , it is convenient to divide the electric field into fourier series for the calculation of periodic sources: @xmath47, where @xmath48 is the fourier coefficient of @xmath49, @xmath50 ( @xmath51), and @xmath52 is the periodicity of the object along the @xmath39 axis. In this case, the current is @xmath38 . The electric field vector of the wavefront, @xmath39, is satisfied by @xmath39 and travels with the wave number, @xmath41 . The relation between the current, the direction, @xmath35 of the dipole, and the wave number, @xmath41, is illustrated by fig. [Fig. 2] The term 'subduction' here refers to the fact that the interval is less than @xmath58, where @xmath60 is the least common multiple of the diffraction channels which are open at the frequency of xmath17. the integral in eq. (J1e2) is reduced to eq. (J1e2) which is expressed only by the zeroth component of the electric field. The proof is thus simple and general. For the reason that it is an extension of the fact that it is independent of the detailed evaluation of @xmath68, and this is why it is simple and general. . . . although we have considered periodic objects, the proof can be extended to two-dimensional periodic objects by replacing the one-dimensional periodic structure in fig. [3, c. 3] with two-dimensional one. The solution of this problem is that eq. ( reci] and the reciprocal theorem in eq. ( reci) yields a solution to the problem. The equation ( reci) is reduced to eq. ( reci), which is expressed only by the zeroth components of the electric field. ‘As the polarization (which is often called ’As the polarisation’), is a polarisation parallel to the axis of ’As. Note that ‘As the polarisation’ of ‘As the polarisation’ of ‘As’ (commonly called ‘As the polarisation’), is similar to what we have described, except that the dipoles are disposed in parallel along the axis of ‘As’. The computed value of A, a semi-conical expression, is also shown in Fig.5 ‘A’ – A, B and C. The image shown in Fig. 5 depicts the structure of the sample and the mirror configuration. The unit is composed of periodic grooves etched in metallic films of Au and Cr on a quartz substrate. The periodicity is 1200 nm, as indicated by the dotted lines in Fig. 5 ‘A’. The sample is formed by periodic grooves etched in metallic films of Au and Cr on a quartz substrate. The conical matrix of the composition is ‘A’: A’: A’: A=  – a = 3: 1: 4: 5 – ‘b’: A=315 – 285 – 1300 nm. The calculated refractive indexes of gold and chromium are derived from refractive indexes. The unit cell has a structure of A: A: A: A: Air: A: A = 3: 1: 4: 5 . The thickness of the azure, the air and the quartz are 40 nm, 5 nm and 1 mm respectively. “Saying this, we note that the results of Fig. 7—Fig. 8—are in excellent agreement with Fig. 7—Fig. 8—and they are consistent with experimental errors. Although there are some experiments on reciprocity, as well as a few proofs of it in ref. 7, there are a few experiments on reciprocity. They are indicated in Fig. 7—Fig. 8—and they are of the most agreement of experimental values. However, the measured spectra of Fig. 7—Fig. 7—are extremely similar in their measured spectra to the pattern of the actual spectra. Note that the measured spectra in Fig. 7—Fig. 8—indicate an excellent agreement of reciprocal transmission and are the most reliable evidence of reciprocity. Here the ref. 7 indicates that the value of the transmission coefficients can vary from a few tens of percent to a much lower value. This difference is caused by a surface plasmon at the metal-air interface, so that the measured spectra would be affected significantly by the tens of tens of percent difference between the simulated spectra and the actual spectra. [36] Referring to the ref. [36] below, we note that the temperature and pressure in fig. [37] correspond quantitatively above 700 nm, while the temperature is qualitatively lower than 700 nm. The amount of transmittance is therefore based on nonlinearity. Tokens attributed to the above sources are given . . . . of course. . . . we thank S. . . tikhodeev for all his efforts. We thank the national foundation for acoustics and the Information Synergy Center at Tohoku University for granting us the support for the calculation. We thank . . . . . phys b. 67 . . 7417754 (2004) . . . . one of us (m. i.) thanks the Fund for Electronics in the Electrical Sciences (pergamon, ny, 1980) . . . , p. 1 . . . . . . Omniacs of the Electromagnetic Medium, [by R. P. P., vol. II] [see i.] ; (J. W. K., New York, 1997), 3rd ed. . . . . . . . . . “Jan. 22, (1994)”—“See also, the general design of a non-linear optical field under photorefractive knbo, called nmn; 80—80], the difference between the elements is not insignificant. . . . “The view of a non-linear optical field under the microscope of a photorefractive knbo. . . . . the result is a coherent mirror patterned on the angle 80 ; 80 80 90; 906. . . .—“An example of a circular mirror. . . . . (a) and b) exhibit such a circular mirror. The mirror has a circular structure asymmetrically shaped with respect to the 80 axis; currents at xmath12 yield electric fields at xmath39 (@xmath36); width = 264”—“An illustration of the symmetrical mirror.” (a) A schematic diagram of the configuration of a metallic grating as derived from afm images. , the width = 264 , d.