But this theory does not take into account the effect of thermal and thermal fluctuations on the pairing relationship of atoms in small systems, and therefore needs to be corrected for finite species. Thus the problem of temperature and angular momentum is a fascinating one in the study of nuclear structure. Because of its simplicity the bcs theory is frequently used, and is a good description of the pairing relationship in the macroscopic systems, such as metallic superconductors. But in its implementation the bcs theory does not take into account the quantal and thermal fluctuations that are significant in finite systems, and the newly proposed, self-consistent quasiparticle random phase approximation (scqrpa), which includes the qnf as well as the quantal fluctuations due to the dynamic coupling of the two components. As a result, at zero angular momentum the thermal fluctuations smear out the sharp superfluid-normal phase transition, and the pairing gap is not deformed at finite temperatures. It is found that, at zero angular momentum, thermal fluctuations smear out the sharp superfluid-normal phase transition and give rise to a pairing gap which is not deformed at finite temperatures. Some theoretical approaches have been developed to study the effect of temperature and angular momentum on the pairing of nuclear atoms. The hamiltonian arrangement is proposed, which comprises a system of particles in contact with the parameter parameter xmath2, rotating with angular velocity xmath3 and fixed angular momentum. " Xmath17 is defined as Xmath17, whereas Xmath19 is the xmath20 projection of the total angular momentum. Then the consequent equations are formulated, for the energy of the pair of particles and of the radiance of a pair of particle vibrations, and the effect of qnf (in the form @ xmath21 @ xmath22) and the amplitude of scqrpa in the form @ xmath32. These equations are derived from the equations for the duplex and the total angular momentum, and the effect of qnf in the form @ xmath33. qnf is given as qnf@ xmath33, where the quasi-particle occupation numbers @ xmath34 are obtained from the integral equations @ xmath34, where qnf [, gamma,  , pm   ( omega )  2  d  omega ,  label  nkcoupling   ,  nkcoupling  ] , where the quasi-particle damping  , which is [18] from the scales, the quasiparticle excitation   , where the quasi-particle energy @ xmath23 and the renormalized single-particle energy @ xmath24 is given as @ xmath25, - xmath27, - xmath28 , [28] ] , . . . there are also numerous deviations in the number of levels at the level of particles, Xmath38. . . . There are also numbers of math40 and math40ca. For math40ca and math40ca the ftbcs1 gap, corresponding to xmath44, decreases with increasing xmath44 and does not drop at xmath44. The results show that, at zero angular momentum, the ftbcs1 of the ftbcs theory is smoothed out by the qnf. The ftbcs1 gap decreases with increasing xmath44, and the ftbcs1 gap remains finite at xmath44. Nevertheless, for heavy nuclei, such as xmath42sn, the corrections for the scqrpa vibrations are found to be negligible in comparison with the ftbcs1 results. Fig. (a) fig. (c) . . . . . , wn . . a. . . b . . a . . a (270) ; wn . . dang and v. zelevinsky, wn . . s, wn . . dang and a. . arima, wn . . et . a . . , a . . . ” (704) , 054302 ( 2007) ; p . . . , 054302 ( 2007) , ibid. . . . . . . , w . . . ; a . . . . , b . . . d. . . . . , f. . . - b . . b . , 397 ( 1971) ; c . b . - 39 *, 145 *, 1971 . - b . . . . f.