The use of lasers in atomic physics often demands long-term stability of the central frequency of light emitted by the light. Consequently, in certain applications the stabilization technique xcite must be carefully selected and applied, frequently controlling the distance of the laser line and by no means making the laser emitted frequency abruptly different from that speck. But for certain scientific and technical applications the only important thing is to avoid a mismatch and, sometimes, the desired laser frequency is not set at the maximum of an atomic line but at a lesser frequency, such as when operating an optical cooler xcite . - The most important thing of these techniques is that they generate a dispersed signal that will produce an error. For example, in the case of the dichroic atomic vapor laser lock (davll) xcite and its variants xcite, the stabilization frequency may easily be chosen around the center of the doppler line , however, there is a relatively uniform external magnetic field needed to form the zeeman split of the probed hyperfine transition and a double detection requires a good combination of photosensors. Our method utilises a gaussian pixel image of a gaussian light beam passed through an atom vapor cell and detected after spatial filtering by an aperture (see the apparatus ) . The nonlinear medium whose focal length depends on the wavelength of the laser pulse is, for instance, a hot atom vapor, a Non-Linear Index can be written as @ xcite, where @ xcite is the height of the vapor, @ xmath4 is the vapor temperature, @ xmath5 is the boltzmann constant, @ xmath5 is the light wavenumber, @ xmath6 is the atomic mass, and @ xmath8 is the laser power transmitted in the wavelength of the pulse to the atomic transition correspondingly decreased. In our technique, the non-Linear Medium is an atom vapor, placed in the laser beam path through a converging Lens, to create non-linear effects with higher radial gradients. Our experiment is outlined in Fig. . . In this operation we had the advantage of a dfb laser diode resonant with the cs d xmath18 compass and a fabry-proton laser with a larger compass radiating around the cs d xmath19 compass . We detected the transmission of the laser beam through an aperture made so as to capture xmath17 of the beam power (this usually had a two-mm aperture for a beam of six mm ) . The correction is made by subtracting a reference voltage corresponding to a frequency within the compass corresponding to a wavelength within the compass. Such a correction is amplified and sent to the control of the laser frequency to correct for slanting oscillations. - the error is subtracted by the subtraction of a reference voltage corresponding to a frequency within the doppler-line from the photodetector amplifier voltage. The electromechanical correction is carried out either by the junction current in the dfb or by the piezoelectric actuator in the extended-case laser - this is called the 'internal correction'. for the sake of simplicity we have operated both systems with a home-made circuit consisting of proportional and integral gains. - we work with a dfb laser resonant with the cs-d'-xm-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y-y The lock procedure follows the same basic steps: the ramp is turned off, the offset is finely tuned until the laser frequency is at the desired locking point (@ xmath20) *, marked by red dots in the spectra (a) and (b) , width = 358] and the figure (clocked) displays the error signal in the locked laser over a few minutes, as well as in the unlocked laser. The error signal is then brought to zero by changing the reference voltage (fig. [636] and a switch closes the loop, finally locking the laser at the desired frequency (fig.[636] c) . Changing the reference voltage brings the error signal around zero and therefore compensates for the non-resonant background signal. In a sense, the detonation of the reference voltage is approximately the same as the fixed one, but a bit smaller than 2 mhz rms. The rms of the locked laser remains less than 2 mhz rms, while the frequency of the laser unlocked for a few minutes decreases in the process. The present rms frequency is represented by a red dot in spectral Fig. [15] and Fig. [16] , width=“ But even for a dome that consists of a void and a vapor, which, in the presence of small temperature variations, lead to frequency shifts of the order of magnitude or less than the rms density, as is indicated in Fig. .15(20). . . . but we are speaking here of the fact that, in semiconductor lasers, the amplitudes of the vapor are very stable and therefore can be ignored, since the amplitudes are not over-estimated in the signal, so that a cell’s congealed circle remains approximately unchanged at 2 . . . . . . this, in a thin film, at one temperature (at the levels indicated in the figure frame), which was less than 1  . . accordingly, the error signal, in fact, remains roughly the same at 2 2 mm displacements along the beam, at the optimal position of the cell ( xmath13 20 mm in between a focal point) .. in a larger film, we can alter the dispersion of the wave by a purely optical technique, as shown in Fig. [1] . The angels technique is more than sufficient to control diode lasers. For this, the apparatus is less complex than traditional measures of heat rationing, for no magnetic fields, no beam modulation. for greater numbers of wavelengths, the apparatus is flexible, and the laser power and the beam density can be changed. We only monitor the temperature of the laser with the control of the laser. The dispersion of an optical molasses at a frequency redshifted by half a line width from the cyclic cooling transition frequency. - Cnpq , i. v., m. c. acknowledge the grants of cnpq. - For instance, p . d. lett, w . d. phillips, s . l rolston, c . e tanner, r . n watts, c . i. westbrook, j . j . j . k . ye, ieeeeeeeeeeee trans. on instr. and meas . iii. . . . iii. . . . . . iii. , 583 (1998) c . . . , d. . . . , b. chron, h . . . h . . , j . epstein, c . . wieman, d . . . iii. . . . . . . . . . . . , 747-87 , (2001) c . f. mccormick, d . r . solli, r . y . chiao, j . m hickmann, phys. a ... 69 ... , 871 (2010) see, e . g . . ackemann, t . scholz, ch . vorgerd, j . nalik, l . m . hoffer, g . l . lippi, opt. commun. ... sp. sp. e - g - mc . . . sp. ac. - dordrecht, 1991 - k . peterman, 1 laser modulation and noise. - k . peterman, » laser modulation and noise (Schuwer ac., rdrecht, 1991)