The study of quasinormal modes (qnms) of a black hole (bh) has been going on for a long time ... , for example, by comparing the theoretical gravitational qnms with the frequencies of gravitational waves, you can verify or refute the central engines of many astrophysical objects, because these modes differ for different types of objects, black holes, superspinars (bare singularities) , neutron stars, black hole mimickers, etc. . . . to find the qnms, you first need to solve the second-order linear differential equations, describing the linear perturbations of the metric: the regge-wheeler equation, the zerilli equation for the schwarzschild metric, or the tre radial equation for the kerr metric; and to define the proper boundary conditions, so-called black hole boundary conditions ( waves which simultaneously pass both into the horizon and into the infinity) . . . . The rhe, the zerilli equation, and the tre, however, can be analytically solved by confluent heun functions, as it is now in @xcite. . In this article, for . . . in . . . , I would like to describe an equation connected with two complicated spectral parameters: frequency @xmath2 and the separation constant @xmath3 (a real example for a non-rotating bh, with @xmath5 the angular momentum of the perturbation) . for more recent results, see also @xcite . . . because of the complexity of the differential equations, until now, all equations were solved either numerically or practically, meeting an essential difficulty. But rwe, zerilli, and tre, although analytically, can be solved by the confluence of heun functions, as the first time in @xcite . First, we consider the ‘truth’ between rwe and tre in a schwarzschild metric, i.e. we solve the rwe and tre analytically in terms of confluent heun functions, and then we use a newly developed method (a two-dimensional generalization of the mller method described in the internal technical report xcite) to solve the system of two transcendental equations with two complex variables – and then we examine the stability of the solutions for minor variations in the phase condition – this is shown by comparing the results with already published ones and finding that they correspond to at least 8 digits for the rwe and 6 digits for the tre. for the first time the so-called algebraically special mode of xmath0 is examined in the form of two-dimensional heun functions and, in the case of gravitational perturbation, by a factor of six, the results are shown to have a nonzero real part – this strongly disproves the simulated relation of this mode with algebraically special once. In both cases the angular equation is the solution of the teuk. olsky angular equations when there is no rotation (@xmath7): @xmath8 where @xmath9 is the angle. During the calculations of olsky angular equations, it must be assumed that the time of the rotation is nil, the results of which are independent of the choice of @xmath10 in the spectral conditions. The general form of the radial equations is obtained from the solutions of the rhe and tre, written in terms of confluent heun functions according to @xcite, and which the black hole boundary conditions are imposed. So, then, the limit for the radial equations in space is that of the following boundary conditions (for details, see @xcite), where math12 is the confluent heun function, as defined in maple, and the parameters of math12 are different. The parameters were obtained by solving the teukolsky radial equation and substituting @xmath20, and they are clearly different from those in the regge wheeler case. The radial equation for the values of the parameters @xmath21 of general type has branching points in the complex z plane, at the singular points @xmath23 and @xmath24. for the values of the parameters @xmath21 of general type, the confluent heun function @xmath22 has branches in the complex z plane at the singular points @xmath23 and @xmath24 . so that the branches will disappear or the translation will occur, because by changing the phase of the complex variable @xmath26 we may lead to another sheet of the multivalued function . in this way we can epsilon and find the correct sheet and remain on it . All you need is the first value of @ xmath30 to find the frequencies of the qnms of the Schwyzchild black hole. From the angular equation, it is obvious that it can be solved implicitly without solving the system and and the values of @ xmath5 are known: @ xcite. from the angular equation it is clear that it can be solved indefinitely without solving the system and and the values of @ xmath5 are known: @ xcite . . . the numerical results for the frequencies are given in table . . . the numerical results for the frequencies are summed up in table . . . if we take the problem as a two-dimensional system and calculate with 15 digits of precision (and 32 software floating-point digits), we get the same result, @ xmath31, with the first digit different from that of digit 9, being the 17th. the first five modes (the second six) were obtained by fiziev in the @xcite seminar, based on exact solutions of rwe to heun functions [ cols = , , , , , , ,  ], from the table, one can see that the frequencies of the two equations correspond to six digits. The results of this study were two. The first, as can be seen from the table - xcite, for both rwe and tre - the mode number 8 has a small, but nonzero real part. According to Leaver's theory, this mode must be equal to @ xmath32 @ xcite with an exact zero real part, if it is to correspond to the so-called 'special' mode. The theoretical 9th mode (@xmath0) should be purely imaginary, with a value of @xmath1 , if it really corresponds to the as case. The other important result is the dependence of the frequencies @xmath40 on @xmath1 . berti, cardoso and starinets (@xcite) review the results to date. —This mode, however, does not agree with the hypothesis for the as mode, which is to be expected, since the as mode corresponds to different boundary conditions that the so-called completely transmitted modes (@xcite). — berti, cardoso, and starinets (@xcite) —present a review of the results so far. —This indicates that this mode does not agree with the hypothesis for the as mode, which is to be expected since the as mode should correspond to different boundary conditions than the so-called completely transmitted modes (@xcite) . If one chooses to apply the xmath1 method, one can find the intervals of xmath1 in which each mode is found. In general, the intervals into which each mode is found narrow when one increases the xmath41. rwe and tre coincide, as expected, while for the first five modes it is possible to find xmath42 in a certain interval, as follows:  for  xmath44 ,  for   ,  for   ,   ,   ,   ,    ,    ,    ,  for     for   ,   ,   for  for     . . . In the case of xmath55, a similar (to some extent) behavior was mentioned in the name of xcite (and discussed in xcite). There is a similar (to some extent) relationship in Xmath54 (the fact that Xmath55 has the same characteristics as Xmath1 is explained in Xmath51) . The relation of xmath54 to xmath51 is considered to be that sent>. For the negative values of xmath1 it is found to be different in behavior than in xmath1; for xmath52 it is found to be of negative real part and vice versa: .. The interconnection of heun functions and the method of  xmath1 is shown to be more accurate , the confluence heun functions are directly made apparent by the xmath1 component, so that it is very easy to visualize the solution to xmath55. But we can’t measure the equations directly at the branch of the complex r, so that we can’t get the qnms from this method. Hence we can look at the equations and their properties in relation to the branch cut in the complex r plane, which can’t be accomplished by the continued fractions method which is used to get the qnms. The second experimentation of the dependence of @xmath57 (or @xmath58) on the intervals mentioned above shows that for both the rwe and the tre, the relation is about a periodic function, with amplitude and duration @xmath59 and periods @xmath60 that change with respect to @xmath41 ( @xmath61) . . . for the tre . . . for the tre . . . for the tre . . . for the tre . . . "so wretched. In xmath0 . . . the two periodic rhymings have roughly equal amplitudes. " . . . . in this paper we give the qnms for a schwarzschild bh, obtained from the rwe and the wretched . . . [eps    subfigure] [" includegraphics" [height = 120 px, width = 110 px], fig1b . . . . eps     subfigure []   includegraphics [height = 120 px, width = 110 px] fig1b . . . [eps We show a new method for studying the stability of the qnm calculations. We solve the differential equations analytically with confluent heun functions. The results of the qnms from the tre were calculated for the first time and confirmed their precise coherence with the well-known qnms from the rwe, whose precision was as precise as six digits. The results of the qnms of the tre were obtained from the spectral form of the rwe and the tre and found that they had a nonzero real part, which signified that this mode was not the algebraically special mode. Hence the case of the tre is in the first place stable, with six digits of significance, with respect to changes in the Xmath1 term, which proves that the real part is not zero. A contract was signed between the bulgarian national research fund and the British National Institute for Scientific Research under contract no. 1/082 , do 1/082 , do 1/09 , do 1/09 , do 1/13 , do 2/13 , sofia university of science, contract no. 185 / 26 . 01. 2010 . p. f. adopted the study of the qnms of non-rotating bhs as a test of the two-dimensional approach of the mller, proposed the epsilon method as a generalization of the previous work, and he supervised the project. d. . . was responsible for the calculation of qnms, based on the implementation of confluent heun functions, and for the investigation and analysis of the xmath1 method in the field of the complex r-plane where qnms can be found. - the quasi-normal modes of the Schwarzschild black hole , proc. london a. . . 441 - 442 (Fr. 1976) , - black holes and gravitational waves . , in the International Conference on Dynamics and the thermodynamics of black holes and naked singularities, Milan, Italy, 2004 (to be published) , arxiv: gr - qc / 0411025 - 0411025 - 2004 , "Quantum normal modes of black holes and black branes", class . Quantum gravity . . . 79 * : 945 - 970 (2008 ), arxiv: 0709 - gr - qc - 0657 - qc - qc (2008 ), quasinormal modes of black holes: hints of quantum gravity , physics syllables, 7 * , in international workshop on the dynamics and thermodynamics of black holes and naked singularities, milan , italy (to be published) , arxiv: gr - qc - qc - qc - 0411025 - qc - 0411025 - qc - 0411025 - qc - 0411025 - qc - qc - 0411025 - qc - qc - qc - qc / 0411025 - qc - qc - qc - qc - qc - qc - qc - qc / 0411025 - qc - qc / 0411025 - qc - qc _ Will Einstein have the last word on gravity? _ astro2010 - the astronomy and astrophysics decadal survey , arxiv : 0903. , 4191 - 4206 , arxiv : 0706 . 0 - qc , _ ergoregion instability in rotating gravastars _ - phys - rev . d - 78 - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - d - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - t - - t - t - t - - - - - - h - t - t - t - t - t - - 401 - 1002, arxiv: 1002 . 0480 (astro ph - he - he - - -  - Instability of a rotating black hole, iii - interaction of the hole with gravitational and electromagnetic radiation - apj - 193 * 443 - (1974) - an analytic representation for quasi-normal modes of kerr black holes - proc - london a - 402 * 443 - 285 - 298 ( 1985) - - classes of exact solutions to the teukolsky equation - class . . . . 4234*4* * , * exact solutions of the regge wheeler equation and quasi-normal modes of compact objects - class . . . . . . I. V. insuasion of Black-Hot Squash Genomelogy at a peculiar frequency - phys d - 62 - 064009 (1998) - cs - na, a numerically accurate study of Black-Hot Squash Normal Modes - * 439 - 439 - no. [12] a non-example of Black-Hot Gravity in a Schwarzschild Black-Hot Gravity - Phys d - 62 - 064009 (2000) - a numerical study of Black-Hot Normal Modes - (A) cs - na , a two-dimensional generalization of the Muller Root-Firm-Firm algorithm and its applications - (2011 ) , arxiv: 1015 - .