The theoretical description of photonic crystal fibers (pcfs) has traditionally been limited to the numerical interpretation of maxwell s equations. in the most general case, a plane-wave-expansion method with periodic boundary conditions is employed, while other methods, such as the multipole method, take advantage of the localized nature of the guided modes and to some extent the circular shape of the air-holes. This method has the advantage that the relatively complex dielectric cross section of a pcf is not associated with rotational symmetry. The results presented here cover relative air holes of xmath3, from xmath3 to xmath4, and normalized wavelengths, from xmath4 to 2 . Depending on the dimensions, the structure consists of single and multi-mode fibers, with large mode area, as well as non-linear fibers. The results are taken from the plane wave expansion method, with periodic boundary conditions, and the single-mode operation based on the xmath3 plane waves. The drawing is shown in the middle of the right panel in fig. [2] . The air holes in a cylinder of xmath1 are arranged on a triangular grid with a pitch, xmath2 , in the centre a hole is left to make the central high-index hole the core of the fiber. The result is taken from the plane wave expansion method with periodic boundary conditions, a plane, and a chiral mechanism, and the chiral mechanism is also taken from this method. Here, in eq. (vpcf) we have recently argued that a higher-order mode boundary can be associated with a value of @xmath11 @xcite, and showed that this criterion is indeed the same as the single-mode boundary calculated by the multipole method @xcite. a similar cross-section of the spectrum of modes in the infinite periodic structure is often called the fundamental space-filling mode (fsm). for a more detailed discussion of this expression and its relation to previous work we refer to ref. xcite, and to the references. . . . in the left panel of fig. [fig 1] calculated curves of @xmath12 as a function of @xmath12 are shown, from 0 . . 20 to 0 . . . in general, all curves are seen to be in constant levels dependent on @xmath3 . . . in the right panel, the curves of @xmath12, as a function of @xmath12, are shown, ranging from 0 . . . to 0 . . . . The horizontal line pointing to the single-mode boundary, @xmath12. . . . Xmath12 in a xmath4 versus xmath3 plot. in the right panel, curves of constant xmath13 are shown, also in a xmath4 versus xmath3 plot. since the curves are of the same shape, naturally they have the same shape . since the structural relationship between xmath13 and xmath12 is unique, the curves naturally have the same shape . , the slip is normally worse than the error, and a loss due to longitudinal non- uniformity is more noticeable with xmath24 , it is a fact that by xmath24 a scattering loss is usually too great, so that a high number of air holes is needed to achieve a reasonable loss of xcite. However, for xcite leakage - loss is usually a problem for pcfs with a limited cladding structure . in non-linear pcfs it is often advisable to run the pcf at xmath25 , then a high number of air holes is needed to achieve an acceptable level of leaking loss @xcite . in fig. fig. 3, we see that the practical regime is also restricted from the low-light side . in general scattering - loss due to longitudinal non-uniformities increases when xcite is > I would like to draw attention to the fact that although the @xmath0 parameter is a simple way to design a pcf, it is the limit to the use of eq. (vpcf) that one has to use a numerical method to obtain the most suitable indices. Although the @xmath0 parameter offers a simple way of designing a pcf, a limiting factor for a pcf if one takes the wavelength, the @xmath33, and the structural parameters, xmath1 and xcite . . . in eq. (vpcf) the parameters for the pcf , @ xmath33, and @ xmath35 depend on @ xmath33 only. before the fit the data are cut off at @ xmath35, since @ xmath35 is in the region (see the left panel in fig. 1) and the data is not practically relevant. . . . . We have presented the main problem of designing a pcf, the endlessly single (esm) pcf, for which, regardless of wavelength, only the two degenerate polarization states of the fundamental mode @ xcite , as shown in fig. [Fig. 1] and fig. [Fig. 2] are considered; in this matter we have dealt with the single / multi mode problem and with the question of modes - radius - esm, and mode - spacing. eq. [vpcf fit]) from the intersection of the full line with the dashed line, we can see that the value of @ xmath49 is bound by the esm-crime. Having solved the eq. [vpcf fit] we can easily see that the value of the value of the esm-crime is derived from the eq. [vpcf fit] . In the equation . . . - Vpcf Fit . . . It is easily visible that the value can be obtained from the eq. d. [4] . . . but, from the plot of fig. [5] it is quite difficult to determine the exact @ xmath3 value, for which @ xmath11 is even nearer to zero .