But, for the purposes of the calculation of the characteristic parameters of the ssc model, we will describe the system in detail. Active Galactic nuclei (agn) consist of the most powerful, steady sources of light in the universe. It is said that the center of agn is composed of a super-big black hole (smbh) surrounded by an accretion disk. The agns with a little angle to their axis are called blazars. The general (radio-radio to @xmath4 ray) spectral energy distribution (sed) of blazars shows two broad non-thermal peaks, a low-energy peaks which are thought to arise from electron synchrotron emission. The leptonic model considers that the second peak arises from inverse compton emission. The latter is due to upscattering of the same non-thermal population of electrons responsible for synchrotron radiation, and the synchrotron beams (synchrotron self-corona: ssc) @ xcite. Thermodynamical model considers that the emission region of the beam is a blob of radius @ xmath11, moving with doppler constant @ xmath3 towards the observer in a magnetic field of intensity @ xmath1 . To a critical point, the levenberg-marquardt method @xcite, is an efficient standard for non-linear least squares minimization, with a smooth interpolation between two minimization approaches, the inverse hessian method and the steepest descent method . To a critical point, we are limited to the numerical approximation of the ssc spectrum, in the form of a sampled sed. For this we compiled the following code for the algorithm. We present a preliminary summary of the pseudocode for the algorithm in table i. . . - dr - dr l2ea4 t1 ea4 - t1 . This method may introduce an inefficiency in the calculation, as a result of the continuous necessity to evaluate the sed at many slightly different points in the parameter space, which is the most time-consuming operation in terms of CPU time . Hence we set up an algorithm to minimize the number of calls to xcite over different iterations . . . the following information is shown in Fig. 2 . . . The reference period of each state can be seen in Fig. 2 . The amount of the electron scattering efficiency is increased, and thus the strength of the compton is increased. The combined effect of the two analyses is that of the energy and density of the electrons and the density of the inverse compton. The above experiment is taken to indicate that the ATX-xmath1 decreases with the activation of the source, whereas ATX-xmath15 and ATX-xmath3 increase (fig. 3 bottom). The ATX-xmath1-ATX-x-math15 anti-contradiction is based on a comparatively constant synchrotron peak frequency , it has an anti-contradiction to the ATX-x-math1-ATX-math15 correlation, because the ATX-x-math1-ATX-MATH15 correlation is due to the constant synchrotron and INTRACTON frequency of the plasma when it is in motion and relativistic.