the scalar particle with mass xmath10, xmath11 gev (atlas) xcite, (vti) xcite, which recently came from the lhc, has the properties of the long-awaited higgs-body of the standard model (sm), - xcite , the discovery of which proves that the landau pole in the higgs-body interaction is well above the quantum gravity - xcite, in fact, the vacuum is stable, or metastable, with a lifetime exceeding that of the universe by many orders of magnitude - xcite . besides a number of fine-tuning problems (such as the hierarchy and the strong cp problems), the sm is in conflict with the observations of non-zero neutrino masses, excess of matter over antimatter in the universe, and non-baryonic dark matter . besides hnls, the experiment is sensitive to many other kinds of physics, such as weakly interacting exotic particles and a decay in the detector, see e. g. ref. ref. However, it is clear that the sm is incomplete. Besides hnls, the experiment will be sensitive to many other types of physics, which produce weakly interacting exotic particles and a subsequent decay in the detector volume, see e. g. ref. . ref. In type-ii seesaw models (for a review, see ref. @xcite) the extension of the sm fermion sector by three right-hand (majorana) leptons, @xmath15, which makes the leptonic sector similar to the quark sector (see fig. [fu]). The high mass of the hnls leads to a fine-tuning problem for the higgs mass. In these theories the observed baryon asymmetry of the universe originates in cp-rebounding decays of the hnls, which give rise to a lepton asymmetry by sphalerons @xcite . a natural solution to this problem is a low-energy supersymmetry, but this is not backed by experimental evidence. These models with hnls with xmath19 Gev (for a review see ref. Xcite ) are motivated by the possibility of solving the hierarchy problem at the equivalence scale. . . . titles = fig: ; width = 48 . 0 % ] msm all fermions have both left- and right-handed components and masses below the fermi scale , title = fig: , width = 48 % ] msm all fermions have both left- and right-handed components and masses below the fermi scale , title = fig: , width = 48 . In short, he would like to find out whether the physico-chemical theory of the renormalization of sm. Hnls of the category 3 (hereafter ref) is sufficient to address all the major problems of sm., and the search for such particles is the object of the present proposal. Thus, the most general renormalization of all sm particles and three doublets (for the gauge group) fermions, hex hnls, hex hnls, is hex hnls, hex hnls, is hex hnls, hex hnls, hex hnls, hex hnls, hex hnls, and hex hnls, the hex hnls, hex hnls, the renormalized lepton of all sm particles, the hex doublet, hex hnls, hex, and yukawa couplings. This last term is the majorana mass term, which is allowed, since hex hnls do not have gauge charges. The phenomenology of gev hnls was previously studied in refs. The phenomenology of gev hnls was previously studied in refs. In the case of the active neutrino masses, the amount of the active neutrino masses is measured by the Z-plane. These parameters (regarding the three mixing angles of the active neutrino masses and the two mass differences) have been determined in low-energy neutrino experiments at xcite. . the particle is found by analyzing the weakest possible weak point of the x-ray spectrum in the radiative decays of x-rays. , which is close to x-ray decay (for a review, see ref.). in this case, the lightest singlet, @x-math32, has no interest in mixing with the other leptons and has no part in the active atomization of x-rays. This particle can be distinguished by looking for a narrow line in the x-ray spectrum, due to radiative decays of x-math32 (see ref. ). The smallest size of the active atoms is given by the Seesaw formula, @x-math36, for the mass of hnl, @x-math37gev, and @x-math39ev, the value of @x-math39 is in the region of @x-math40kev, and the yukawa couplings are of the order of @x-math41 . the small number of parameters arising from the requirement of the x-math32 to be dark matter candidate further requires that x-math34 be at least almost degenerate in mass. , it would then happen that large @xmath46 particles would fall into equilibrium at a temperature of a very high electroweak and therefore erase all baryon asymmetry in the universe. a small mixing between neutral neutrinos and active neutrinos would enable hnls to produce the observed baryon asymmetry of the universe and would explain why these particles were not observed in experiments. the allowed mixing angles are small and the @xmath34 particles are much longer-lived (by a factor of @xmath47) than weakly decaying sm particles (see fig. [Tauffer]) . the most important production mechanisms are shown in fig. [Tauffer] . The limits of direct experimental studies are shown in fig. [Endure] . The figure taken from ref. [Lue] . , scalar . . . . , by big bang nucleosynthesis (black line:   bbn ” ), by baryon asymmetry of the universe (  bau ) and by the seesaw mechanism (blue solid lines:   bau n ” and   seesaw n ” refer to a normal mass-level of active neutrinos, and   bau i ” and    seesaw i ” refer to an inverted mass-level) After the conclusion of the experiment, the pseudonymous region of the lifetime – mass – in the form of cosmological constraints is illustrated in fig. - [bu] – showing the allowed area in the realm of xmath67 in the form of the cosmological constraints. The region of the body-decay bound to active neutrino mixing: @ xmath51 (at xmath51) and __math54_. This region of the luminosity of the active neutrino mix becomes too weak to produce the observed pattern of fissions of the neutrino. The branching fractions of @ xmath57 and @ xmath58 are always below two percent. In the meantime, the more sensitive measures of the sensitivity and the flexibility of the parameters will be obtained. Figure [ exp] shows the permitted region in the xmath66 plane, based on the limits of particle physics. Assuming a branching fraction @ xmath62 and a factor of @ xmath63 from the lifetime, an experiment to detect @ xmath34 would need more than @ xmath64 , if you want to exploit the whole parameter space with @ xmath65. If the hnls are necessary to provide a mechanism for the baryogenesis, then their connection with matter must be so weak that they lie below the upper boundary of  bau. he stated, a bare beam containing a proton of about 400 watts was chosen, and produced a great many charms. In the sphere of the present experiment, the superfluous atoms were mixed with the limits of the previous experimental studies (the solid and dashed lines indicated the dependence of these regions on the pattern of the hnl mixing with the electron, the muon, the tau-neumo) . the normal mass hierarchy of the neutrinos was shown on the left, the inverted hierarchy on the right . . . 0 % , the combined experimental and theoretical constraints imply that the hnls had masses larger than about xmath69mrad . . . This requires the detector to be sensitive to the decays @ xmath73, @ xmath74, and @ xmath75. In addition to the decays @ xmath75, a magnetic spectrometer, an electromagnetic calorimeter, and a muon detector are necessary. Thus, the required balance between the two requirements is to locate the detector as near as possible to the target, and to permit the muon detector to accommodate a sufficiently long muon shield downstream of the hadron detector, in order to suppress Xmath77 background events. It is necessary to use materials of the smallest interaction length. The sidewalls must be sufficiently long to suppress the Xmath77 background flux from the source. The muons that emit from the source will produce long-lived Xmath77 mesons, such as neutral kaons, which can decay in the detector and resemble Xmath77 signals. Besides, the Xmath77 background is suppressed by the muon shield to a level that is comparable to or smaller than the background. The detector should be able to reconstruct the final state particles from Xmath73, will be able to indicate the xmath74 invariant mass and the parent particle flight direction with sufficient accuracy to reject background backgrounds. It was a recently completed program for cern neutrinos to gran sasso, a programme of cngs, which employed protons at a rate of xmath81 protons per pulse. This produced a total of xmath82 protons on target in the proposed experiment. In particular, the preliminary investigation of the operational mode of operation assumes minimal modification of the sps, makes use of the existing transfer lines and is compatible with the operation of both the lhc and the north cng programme, as they are currently implemented. a large amount of sps energy, beam intensity and the flexibility of time structures offer a perfectly suitable production platform for the proposed experiment. The proposed experiment, with the full use of the laser energy, beam intensity and the flexibility of time structure, is the ideal production facility for the proposed experiment. The experimental requirements cited above call for a relatively long extraction to reduce the time taken up by the detectors and to permit the simple design of the target based on dense materials. Several options exist, all of which may be acceptable from the point of view of the experiment, but the optimal choice requires more investigation: - slow extraction, with a spill length of @ xmath78 gev . Then the yield can be calculated only by the technical requirements and constraints. For the same reason, the experiment does not impose any strict constraints on the optical parameters of the extracted beam. The first two methods yield a lower number of detectors. However, the flux of secondary pions and kaons, which are in flight heavy, can be greatly reduced by the use of a dense target material with a short interfering length. a 50-cm long target would suffice. It can then be extracted from the extracted beam energy by water cooling. For the first two extraction methods the detection times are reduced by an order of magnitude. However, the flux of secondary pions and kaons, which give rise to a substantial flux of muons, can be greatly reduced by the use of a dense target material with short interactions. However, the density of the beam should be reduced, otherwise the cooled down target will be harmful to the thermal shock and may not be able to heat it effectively. Since the neutrinos produced in charm decays, which can mix with hnls, have a relatively high transverse momentum (see fig. [pthnl] ) in the target material, there is no need for a small spot. , the sun, on the white of the dawn, shines up to about the radial diameter of the x-ray, a sheet of cement blocks the wall of the fetus from the apse on the downstream fetus. It is necessary to use a detailed thermo-mechanical study in order to propose a technical solution. To stop the residual secondary pions and kaons before they decay, the fetus stops the pions and kaons at long, narrow angles which may otherwise be produced by muons which penetrate the volume due to large-angle scattering. As part of the fetus, a concrete shield wall is built, closing the target bunker from the outer barrel of the fetus tunnel. The immediate portion of the flux obtained from the fetus-absorbing ram will be calculated from a sample of pions and kaons produced with pythia with a proton-fetus of 400 nm and a fixed fetus. The fastest component of the flux is derived from the electromagnetic decay of meson resonances, especially xmath94, xmath95, xmath96, xmath97. The fastest portion is derived from the flight of charged pions and kaons. The non-stop portion is derived from the flight of charged pions and kaons. The fastest part is derived from the collision between charged pions and kaons. The exit is a circle in which the muon flux is computed. ... This is the process of the decay of hadrons, if the decay time is xmath100 and xmath45 is calculated, xmath102 and xmath45, the lifetime of the hadrons, the lab momentum, and the rest mass, xmath103, and the branching fraction of the decay of hadrons to muons (100 % for xmath104, 63 % for xmath105, other decay channels are missed) . , a 25-m long, vapor wall, the shielding of air and radiation, and a 25-m long muon-shield, made of iron and concrete. , the detector is a long decay volume, and the detection mechanism is made of a spectrometer. , the detector consists of a long decay chamber, surrounded by a spectrometer, and a detector is constructed of a long decay volume, and a spectrometer. In the procedure, the construction of the beam line and the detector is allowed to take place within the bounds of existing facilities. , the site should be made to accept existing infrastructure, in particular the field of air and water activation must be constructed with equipment, so as to comply with radiation protection standards. The site should also be well within the cern boundary. In the north area, the north can be found with a relatively short section of route, a few hundred metres, branching from tt20, and with a new tube splitting near the tdc2 separation. a short section of lead beam, almost entirely drifted, will bring the high energy protons to the target bunker, which contains the target and the hadron-shield. The vertical deflection is then arranged to permit the dedicated beam to point to the target bunker at enough depth and distance from the target area to minimise excavation in the activated soil. A ground-to-shaft probe will be needed to confirm the exact location. The planned location of the proposed target bunker near the target area shows that it might be possible to take advantage of general re-futation of the current target area, in the form of the enhanced air and water and the suppression of radi ‘Mirror’ saturates as a function of the length of the detector. Thus, the proposed detector is comprised of a cylindrical vacuum vessel of 5m diameter, of 5m length. The first chamber, 110m, is the decay chamber, and the next 60m is for the magnetic spectrometer. To reduce the background caused by the interactions of neutrinos with the remaining air in the decay chamber, a pressure of less than @ xmath110 mbar will be necessary (see section bg bg). A hypothesized microwave calorimeter is placed behind each vacuum vessel, to make a rough reconstruction of the leptones. Moreover, the calorimeter and the muon detector also have a length of two meters . The thermometer and the detector combine with each other to make a standard in measuring the vacuum and the level of sensitivity. The combined thermometer and the detector are, in fact, the same length . . . the diameter of each detector is 2 meters. The magnetic spectrometer consists of a 4m long dipole magnet, two control layers upstream of the magnet and two control layers downstream of the magnet (see fig. . . ). In order to reduce the background created by the interaction of neutrinos with the air in the decay chamber, a pressure of less than Xmath109 mbar will be necessary (see section : bg). The estimate of the momentum-strain diagram [7a] shows a magnet, satisfies the requirements of the proposed experiment, [10a] . [10b] a circuit-assembly like that of the lhcb magnet, [11b] with a free width of nearly 16m @ xmath119, and a field integral of xmath106 tm, is given. The increment of the wave-field is given as a modulus of a tangent peak of a decay of at least half-reconstructed part of the defect. For the angular momentum of the angular momentum is given in the left and the middle of the panels, and the momentum spectrum of the decay products in the rightmost panel. , there is an experiment of a dipole magnet similar to the lhcb magnet, which has a free aperture of almost 16 m, xmath120, and a field integral of xmath106 tm. The X-ray scyer is a particle of iron with outer dimensions of xmath120m, and two solid al-99 tm coils , the proposed particle provides a peak field of xmath122 t, and a peak field of xmath123 tm over a length of xmath124 m . he had achieved long-term results, and a mass production procedure was also well established. The unaffected muon shield is shown to stop muons with momenta of up to 400 gaud, thus reducing background muons to a negligible extent. The measurements of @ xmath114, _, are taken from the test, and the mass production procedure is well established. An elec-probe-facility-parity, which is so slight in energy, will therefore have a tremendously increased prospect of the proposed experiment. The shashlik technology also provides an economical solution, and also time resolution of well more than a few ns, which will be required to reconcile the calorimeter and the tracker. _ a dead-to-day readout system such as the one proposed for the elec-probe-facility-facility-facility-facility-facility-facility-facility-facility-facility-facility-facility-facility-facility, and a time resolution of a few ns, which will be necessary for determining the calorimeter-loaf information of the three-dimensional objects. The time-traveling angular data-slices, every 30 seconds, will be fed into a “land-based” farm, in which the data-recording sequence is taken up. It is estimated that the corresponding events will be kept for analysis. The dead-timer reading system envisaged for the modification of the lhcb-retrospect of the The neutrinos from the geant simulation of a cu target are given to genie@xcite to simulate the neutral current and neutral current neutrino interactions in the muon shield. a replacement of the cu target for a w target reduces the cc rate by @xmath132 %. this rate is four times greater than the estimate from the charm data. a cesspool of air in which to fall, the cesspool of cesspools of cesspools by a cesspool of 0 mbar reduces the cesspool to a negligible level. The cesspool of cesspools that lies beyond the cesspool is a source of cesspool. The combination of the cesspool and the genie predicts that a cesspool of cesspools of cesspools will produce cesspools of cesspools of cesspools of cesspools of cesspools of cesspools of cesspools of cesspools of cesspools of cesspools of cesspools at cesspools of cesspools of cesspools produces cesspools of cesspools of cesspools at cesspools of cesspools of cesspools of cesspools of cesspools of cesspools of cesspools of cesspools of cesspools of cesspools, with cesspools of cesspools and a nitrogen drained by cesspools of cesspools in cesspools of cesspools of cesspools of cesspools, cesspools, cesspools ">The proposed experiment's sensitivity depends on the final states used to reconstruct the decay of the signal, on the arrangement of couplings between neutrino generations and hnls. The ip of candidates will also be used to exclude possible background induced by neutrino interactions in the surrounding material, like the vacuum tank or the floor, and from cosmic rays. if this rule is shown to be useful, the last interaction lengths of the muon shield and the muon filter could be instrumented in order to identify the products of neutrino interactions. The mass of the signal . . . if the ip of the candidate is of sufficient quality, the ip of the candidate will be used to discard possible background induced by neutrino interactions in the surrounding material, like the vacuum tank or the floor, and from cosmic rays. The average mass for the signal . . . . the expected number of signal events . . . as described in the section : “Environment” , the strongest limits on the area of Xmath142 are from the charm experiment . . . and they are at Xmath41 for a mass of 1 . 5 , and a few times xmath145 for a mass of 1 . . . the theoretical limit on Xmath146 is between xmath41 and xmath147 . assuming @ xmath155 a hnl mass of 1gev, @ xmath156, @ xmath157s, @ xmath158, @ xmath160 and @ xmath165 would be observed, four orders of magnitudes larger than would be expected in the charm experiment. The quantity @ xmath152 can be written as the product of the probability that the hnls decay in the fiducial volume, the trigger and reconstruction efficiencies. Considering an area of the galaxy favoured by @ xmath161 and @ xmath162_gev, 120 fully reconstructed @ xmath164 events would be expected in the proposed experiment. The electromagnetic calorimeter allows the reconstruction of decay modes with a neutral pion in the final state, such as @ xmath75, where the @ xmath165 makes the signal yield doubled. The dependence on the hnl lifetime introduces a factor of @ xmath142, which results in an overall dependence on @ xmath142. The electrons channel, such as @ xmath166, could also be investigated, which allowed a further increase in yields and the parameter of @ xmath167 to be probed. It was estimated that for a mass of less than 2gn, the proposed experiment showed the discovery potential of the cosmologically favoured region with xmath146 and a few times xmath140. The fixed target experiments of the type proposed could be performed with the fermilab and the Kek beams. The beams considered are the 800gn and 120gn fnal beams with xmath174 protons on target and xmath172 protons on target, and the kek beams with xmath174 protons on target. The fnal beam has a factor ten lower event yield than in the proposed sps experiment, and the kek beam has a factor 1 . 52 lower, which is more uncertain because of the poor physics of the xcite cross section. the fnal beam has a factor ten lower event yield than in the proposed sps experiment, while the kek beam has a factor 1 . 52 lower, which has a great deal of uncertainty, as the charm cross section at low energies is not known. We thank w. flegel and a. gninenko for the adapting of the magnet to our needs. The proposed experiment searches for new physics in the still unexplored domain of new, very weakly interacting particles with masses below the fermi scale. This domain is unknown to the lhc experiment and to similar experiments at other facilities. The proposed experiment is based on existing technologies and therefore requires no substantial r&d. The design of the beam line is challenging, especially the tracing of the beam, the target and physics are especially important. In short, the results of this experiment together with cosmological and astronomical data are crucial to the nature of dark matter. the impact of a discovery of a hnl is difficult to overestimate. Besides, the results of this experiment, together with the cosmological and astronomical data, may be crucial to the discovery of dark matter.  w . rademakers is sincerely thanked for the three-dimensional drawing of the experiment. We thank w . flegel and a . gninenko for the modifications to the design of the lhcb magnet. w . flegel is a grateful person to w . gninenko and a .  w . flegel is grateful to s . gninenko and a . . Hep-ex / 1207 — Cds collaboration, http:// / cds-cern — ch/record / 1542387 — j . ellis et al. — phys . b 679 — (2009 — 369 — arxiv — hep-ex / 1207 — b 620 — (2005 — 19) — arxiv — hep-ex — 0505013 — d . gorbunov — and m. shaposhnikov, j . — j . ellis et al. — phys . b 620 — (2005 ) 17 — arxiv — hep-ex — 0505013 — d . gorbunov and m. shaposhnikov, jhep- ex — (2012 ) 140 — arxiv — hep-ex — 1205 — d . a . kniehl and m. shaposhnikov, jhep-ex (2012 ) 143 — arxiv — hep-ex — 1205 . 3536 . . . . f . bezrukov, m . . kalmykov, b . . . - 504 - (1998) - 1 . - p . minkowski - phys . b 157 - ( 1985) 402 . m. fukugita and t. yanagida, phys . - b 174 - ( 1985) 421 . - kuzmin, v. a. rubakov, m. e. shaposhnikov, phys . b 157 - ( 1985) 458 . - b 157 - ( 1985) 458 . m. fukugita and t. yanagida, phys . - b - 174 - ( 1985) 458 . - kuzmin, v. a. rubakov, and m. e. shaposhnikov, phys . - b - 174 - ( 1985) - 268 . - klinkhamer and n. s. manton, phys . - d 30 - ( 1984) 2212 . giudice, in g. kane and a. pierce (eds.) , ad et al. , g. m. fuller, phys . d 24 , ( 1981) 1235 . m . gronau, c . n. leung and j . l rosner, phys . d 24 , ( 1981) 1225 . ad et al. , sup-et al. , sup-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-et-ac-et-et-ac-et-en-de-gouvea, phys-et-et-al-et-ac-et-al-et-al-et-ac-et-ac-et-ac-et-ac-et-ac-et-ac-et-al-et-al-et-ac- com- ac-et-al-et-al-et-al-et-al-et-ac- “The proposal was submitted to the European Strategy Committee, 2012; s. n. gninenko, d. s. gorbunov, m. e. shaposhnikov, adv. high energy phys., 2012 , 718259, arxiv: hep-ph/1201 . 3023 . . . l . canetti, m. drewes, t. frossard and m. shaposhnikov, phys. b 6205 (2010 ) 47 , arxiv: hep-ph/1208 . . . 3023 . . . . . , m. gonzalez garcia, m. maltoni, j . salvado and t schwetz, jhep d 73 , t. schwetz, jhep d 8 , 2013 , 109, t. frossard and m. shaposhnikov, phys . . . . b 98 * ( 1980) 159 ; r . e. shrock, phys . ; d . i . britton ... , phys . d 68 * ( 1992) 3000; t . yamazaki ... et al ... , conf. c840719 “* b 104 * ( 1982) 382 ; d . i . britton ... , phys . d . et al. , phys . d . a . bryman and t . numao, phys . d 53 * (1996) 558; r . s. hayano et al . _ , phys . d . . hayano et al . _ , phys . . .