Unlike polymers of p-p-phenylenes, polymer-p-phenylenes (PPP) are usually used to study the complex chains of planarised phenylenes, which are common in many organic semi-conductors. Therefore, in order to obtain certain properties of polymer films xcite, e.g. the effective length of conjugation, some oligomers have been synthesized in the past in order to study the electronic excited states of the polymer. and the electrical conductivity of the excited states of the polymer is measured at the energy of the excited light. It is known that the electric induced in a conjugated polymer is a result of the structural disorder in which it is built. This physical picture is the result of the solid physics of semiconductive materials. One can explain this phenomenon by the interpretation of the electronic excited states of individual molecules. The excited states of the conjugated polymers are usually described as coulomb-bound electron-hole pairs. This fact is not directly related to the absorption features of the polymer, and it is sometimes called 'batic'. There is, in fact, a certain small plateau in the conduction that does not follow the absorption contours of the conduction, called 'branch-back'. These excitations are often called excitons, although they have to be clearly distinguished from the extended band in a crystal. In this research we have studied a number of oligomers of the type lppp, with up to eleven phenyl rings, with various enzymatic phases. The main difference in these experiments in the condensed phase is the limited number of chains. e.g., when the experiment is conducted in a vacuum it is easier to find out which of the enzymatically applicable molecules are in fact in the class of a single bond. Moreover, because the molecules of the subject are computationally too demanding, it is necessary to substitute the large aliphatic substituents bonded to lppp with hydrogen (see table ; fig ; 0); the hydrogen can only be required to enhance the solubility of the polymer, or to prevent aggregates from forming in the film (the same as the methyl in Figure Fig ; 5) , which has negligible effects on the optical properties, which are governed by the frontier orbitals of the symmetry (see fig : 1; Figure ; 2). So, the wave functions of the corresponding ground states are the indo (the intermediate neglecting of differential overlap) determinants of the wave function, @xmath6 @xcite. The energy-based ground state will be addressed as @xmath7, the electronic ground state will be denoted as @xmath10, the electronic ground state is indicated by the letter "x" and the temperature. "Since it is not possible to calculate the higher oligomers by the first-principal method, the oligomer with two phenylene rings ( @xmath11) was calculated at the mp2 level, from 6 - 31 g- level (mller-plesset pertubation theory of the second order) [37] and this method is used to calculate the geometric structure of the ground states. In the next step, excited singlet states are calculated by zerner's indo- s method, based on the minimum am1 structures of electronic ground states. (This method is given in a not-so-scaled manner throughout the paper.) in the present case, the austin semi-empirical parametrization (am1) has a almost exact agreement with the am1 results (cf. cf. @ xcite for the lengths of the bond in the table [10] (tab. 1) . as expected, the dominant configuration state is obliterated. Therefore, it is clear that geometric relaxation effects in the excited state are not properly accounted for. note, however, that the pm3 method @ xcite is better for zero-point vibrational energies (zpe). ; as the minimum length of the c-c bond in a methylene bridge is a methylene bridge, its length is only one atom long. As the smallest c-c bond in a methylene bridge is a methylene bridge of one atom, it is assigned to single bonds. The remaining part of the spectra contains only those transitions that are at least one transition, except in two cases, where two almost identical states are near each other. Thus, the points are equivalent to those suggested by the simple lewis-type structure. The resulting points are equivalent to those suggested by the simple lewis-type structure, see Fig. 1 . the geometrical compositions have been optimized without any symmetry restrictions . . . the crystallographic properties are incalculable. For instance, the ptpa spectra of lppps are plotted. In addition, the relative distances between the ptpa and the ptpa are qualitatively equal. This supports the realism of overlooking the substitutions of aliphatic substituents. The ctpa distances range between 1 . 380 and 1 . 500 . . . 5 Figure 1 shows the mp2 result for the ptpa oligomer of lppps. . . . the position of the @xmath8 transition also shifts to lower energies with the increasing oligomer-length. In the xmath8 state the dominant factors are the substitution of the homo by the lumo + 2 and the substitution of the homo + 1 by the lumo + 1 . in the xmath8 state the dominant factors are the substitution of the homo by the lumo + 2 and the substitution of the homo @ xmath231 by the lumo + 1 . , this transition is called the xmath15 transition, because the xmath9 state has a very wide localization (i.e.  frenkel'), which will be explained later in the talk . Despite this qualitative difference, there is no quantitative comparison with experimental values for the effective conjugation length at xcite, since the theoretical curve is unphysical. in the figure Fig. 3a, the energy of the three optically important transitions is calculated with the reciprocal number of phenylene rings in the molecule. The higher the energy of the transitions of the @xmath7 and the higher the energy of the @xmath7, the lower the energy of the transitions to the lower energies, since the energy of the transitions to the @xmath7 and the higher energies are of a few 295 ev , and the above is not in the experimental spectra because the relative strength of the oscillator is small. Its first phase Xmath33 is calculated by the direct factor Xmath33 and the second degree Xmath33. In this it is given that the coefficient Xmath33 corresponds to an effective conjugation length of about 20 phenylene ring, in keeping with the number of phenylene ring, estimated from other optical experiments Xcite . This means that the real polarity of the optical pulse at xmath34 is proportional to the real part of the optical dispersion, as indicated by the kubo formula xcite ;   frac  rm im  rm im  ,  ,     rm im  ,  left  chi  j  j  (  omega   ) , xmath45 where xmath46, xmath47 are creation and annihilation operators for electrons with spin xmath48 in the molecular orbitals xmath49, and xmath50 is the matrix element between the corresponding one-particle states. The absorption of a photon with energy xmath34 induces an excitation between the ground state xmath51 and the excited states xmath39 with energy xmath53. The amplitude of this excitation of the electron-hole power is a function of the amplitude of the current. Note that the analysis of (stochastic) amplitudes does not require the full spatial dependence of the many-particle wave functions xmath63 or xmath64, as in xcite or the density-density correlation function of the ground state . if it does not correspond to the original state, then the point is chosen by an electron-hole pair around atoms in xmath74 and xmath77. The same applies to the special case of quantum-mechanical systems with the density matrix-renormalisation group (dmrg) as well as the mathematical study of the quantum-mechanical systems with the density matrix-renormalisation group. It is under investigation for numerical analysis of lattice systems by the density matrix-renormalization group (dmrg) @xcite. This equation (variable [amplitude] is precise and applicable to all quantum-mechanical systems. This formula, with the indexes @ xmath79 and xmath81, is expressed as a linear combination of spatial atomic orbitals (aos) at xmath81 , @xmath82 the atomic orbitals are centered at certain nuclei, so that @ xmath83 is the orbital type (@ xmath83) and its position @ xmath85. In this case, we can verify that, if one took into account the indo approximation and the normalization of Xmath97 in ([pi]phi], then Xmath99 may be regarded as a discrete probability function for finding a hole around the nucleus, and an electron around the nucleus, Xmath77. thus, the quantity Xmath100 has been determined according to the method ([entropy]). Xmath100, where the homo is substituted for the lumo, is an indo excitation. and a spark from the excited state, as in the ordinary sense, and as an excitation. This simple-mindedness is limited to the indo / s approximation. Thus, this Simadic application is only applicable to the difference xmath . It is necessary to verify that the detected ti - hole correlations for the excitation are really formed, in an excitation, not from the coincidence of the motion of two independent particles in a small molecule, so that the quantity xmath 100 has been investigated by means of the Scheme. This function, xmath100, is an indo / s approximation. It has the coefficient xmath105 for xmath103, xmath104 for xmath104, and all other coefficients are equal to zero. the type of light which arouses the enigmatic and drowsy activity is given below. This one-dimensional figure shows the latter. The color of the Axios matrix, of the selected Two States, gives a graphic representation of the Atom-Jipples’ motion. The Axios matrix of the Electron-Jipples’ movement is then determined. The Sublime or the Near Invisible in one dimensional dimension is characterized by an Excitation of X-100 and X-106, but the navety of the Axios is limited to a total of four Rings. The Bx-Xios matrix of the Sublime-Jipples is analyzed in detail, and, as shown in Figure 4b, there is no Binding-Effect between two X-100, but it is still in the Nonconformity of the Pairs, in which case the effect of a Binding-Effect is clear to the eye. For instance, the Efficient-Efficient-Efficient-Efficient-Efficient-Efficient State can be further refined by transforming the Internal Structure of the X-Melial into the External Structure of the Rings. At the same time, the External Structure of the X-Melial Frame can be subsequently smoothed down to the Internal Structure, by the Direction of the electrons. It is possible, then, to render a representation of the Exchange of Electric Voltage, of a certain Three-dimensional Rings chain, by which is not only formed, but equally divided in three directions as well. The Inner Structure, It is noted that the vortices, which have grown longer, are constantly increased by the length of the oligomer – xcite. However, as the flux decreases, the average values of xmath117 and xmath122 decrease as the system grows. In a system of five and more oligomers, the distribution does not change very much. As a result, the more arithmetical values of xmath119 converge, implying that the minimum of the distributions is in an infinite value of xmath122 . – – - as viewed in Fig. 5b, - as seen in Fig. 5b, the distribution of xmath120 decreases with the increase of system size, the whole distribution widens, and develops a maximum around xmath121 . In a word, the unevenness of xmath120 and the apparently large saturation of the standard deviation @ xmath122 is to be attributed to the multiplicity of xmath122. – Generally, the value of xmath120 and the relatively large saturation value for the standard deviation @ xmath120 are quite evident from the shroverted 22 , see shroverted 2; if one recalls the following xmath12 state, the value of xmath12 is in the same region as the case of the charge-transfer condition in ppv, that is, between xmath11 and xmath122, as a result they conclude that the population of this state is responsible for theabatic abatic This is in line with the assumption that the extra-energy caused by excess heat is the cause of the behaviour of the photocurrent, in this case, the presence of electrons. In the next respect, the curves of Xmath128 as a function of oligomer length resemble those of Xmath119; see Fig. 6b. From this analysis it is possible to conclude that Xmath128 is not the only state with the unbound elctron-hole pair or  exciton, and therefore no explanation can be given for the rise of the photocurrent of lppp at about four . . . at this level of the theory. The only difference in the state of xmath7 is the localization of the excitation to three parts of the molecule in xmath8 . For this reason, the level of localization of xmath9 is higher than for the other two excited states, and the electron-hole pair is actually limited to every phenylene ring. for example, comparing fig. 5c and fig. 5c: the mean separation of atoms in xmath9 is essentially zero in the region of the off-axis. Finally, for xmath9, the mean separation is _upper_ than in the other two excited states, and the electron-hole pair is actually restricted to every single phenylene ring. so the body and singlets of lppp have been studied in semiempirical ways. As expected, and confirmed in Figures 8a, 8b, and 8c, the motion of electron and hole in the molecule is not correlated. So far, all the states tested can be considered as bound to an electron-hole pair of the molecule. Thus, the excitation of the states in the molecule, in Figures 7a, 7b, and 7c, is genuine, and not a coincidence in the non-correlated motion of electron and hole in the finite geometry. , it is called a non-correlated movement of the electron and hole in a restricted geometry. The modified analysis of the excited states is presented. As expected, and confirmed in Figures 8a, 8b, and 8c, the motion of electron and hole in the molecule is uncorrelated. It is known that the electro-activeness of the states of 7 , 7, 8, and 9 is genuine, and not merely a coincidence in the uncorrelated motion of an electron and a hole in a confined geometry. Here, the twaining of the excited states is observed. This is an analogy with the energetic reactions of semiconductors. The twaining matrix with a resemblance to an optical absorption method, is fused to the light and the mass of the excited states. – M. s. Gordon, chem. lett. – M. s. Gordon, chem. lett. – M. s. gordon, chem. lett. – M. s. gordon, chem. lett. – M. s. gordon, chem. lett. – M. s. gordon, chem. lett. – M. s. gordon, chem. lett. – g. a. petersson, a. bennett, t. g. tensfeldt, m. a. al- laham, w . a. shirley and j . mantzaris, j . j . chem . phys . – 82 – 89 – 2193 – 1988 – gaussian 94, revision d4, – m. a . robb, j . r. cheeseman, – mol . - Sent: - "The semi-empirical molecular orbital methods in - reviews of computational chemistry," edited by k.b. lipkowitz and d.b. boyd (vhs., New York, 1991), p. 313-365. - m. - zerner, - semi-empirical molecular orbital methods - in - 191 comittn tr. - inc. - "inc. -")" [.] 1 a , 2(193), 1959 , , 1999. j. e. . ridley and m. c. zerner, - Theo. 2000 (1994).