"In 1957, the physico-physical study of acoustics had been carried out by G. A. Askaryan. He observed that the ionisation of a particle passing through a liquid leads to hydrodynamic radiation . . . in the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s a great deal of theoretical and experimental research had been conducted on the hydrodynamic radiation of beams and particles passing through dense material . . . because of the low projected fluxes, detectors are required in the range of 100 km . . but the properties of the acoustic method permit for small clusters of sensors . . . . But the property of the acoustic method allows for the study of sparsely instrumented arrays, with detectors with a square aperture of 1200 m / m x . . however, the properties of the acoustic method enable small-scale detection systems with a small number of meter-long arrays 100 m / km  x . . . . due to the lowered density, detectors with the size of 100 m  m  are needed at x . . . but the acoustic method is able to make small-sized arrays, with sensors with @ xmath4100 p  . euler equation, (    ) for mass density    , the velocity vector of the medium    , and the momentum-difference tensor     , pressure       , the motions in the euler equation are adiabatic. The latter is derived from the momentum conservation  ;   for mass density   , the euler equation  for  435 with respect to 2453, the velocity vector of the medium, the momentum-difference   and the pressure    =   .     265  508 , is obtained from the momentum conservation ;  , for the -220ne-m-5 to obtain the --5°-5°3°4, the -i-l- of the fluid, the high water, the lowest density, the , of the --50p-3ale in the present article, but not for the laser, the research is indicating that the formation of this signal is related to the charge or the mass of the protons , a dipole pattern, and, furthermore, it was observed in the -i acoustic beam of the subject, but not for the laser, which In the region b, when there is no equilibrium deposition, one may be able to write the _ansatz_ with the direction @ xmath32 of the beam, which shatters the isotropy of the energy-distance tensor and renders in a good way the momentum transfer from the fluid to the fluid. And, however, in the region b, where the non-equilibrium deposition occurs, one may make the _ansatz_ with the direction @ xmath32 of the beam, which breaks the isotropy of the energy-distance tensor and in a meaningful way describes the momentum transfer to the fluid. (Eq . density tensor) can be neglected for small deviations of density from the static density @ xmath27, and for small pressure changes @ xmath29 from the static pressure @ xmath30 @ xcite. This equation (qpressure) is equivalent to the results obtained in the formulations of xcite. only, when assuming an isotropic energy deposition, we arrive at the equation qpressure, given by qpressure. This equation, which consists in a variable version of the equation, is a tensor of an anisotropic energy-motion tensor and, as a result, a more general expression in qpressure (qpressure, approximation). Taking into account this situation, we get an additional dipol term x47 in qpressure (qpressure). This coefficient, when added to the equation, gives the dimensionless quantity x46 in q pressure (qpressure). The amplitude of the resulting acoustic wave is controlled by the thermodynamic properties of , math21, math51 and math5 (one of these two affecting only the temperature of the medium). Note that the validation of the last assumption x43 is a good approximation would need to know the momentum transfer from the beam to the medium. sent> sent>, located at the erlangen Center for Astroparticle Physics, (ecap) of the university of erlangen, and the pulsed proton beam from the vedberg cyclotron in the vedberg cyclotron in uppsala, Sweden. both beams were placed in a dedicated xmath54 water tank, where the acoustic field was measured with several transversely fixed acoustic sensors (see fig s) . the sensors (also called hydrophones) were positioned in the tank with absolute uncertainties from 10 cm. the temperature was changed for a particular value by first cooling the water with ice; then the whole water was heated to the desired temperature in a controlled, gradual manner. This time was sufficient for all measurements at water temperatures below ambient temperature. The studied range of leak energies for the proton beam was from 58 to 59, the beam diameter was approximately 60 and the leak time = 66 (see fig. [fig. energy] deposition] . for 58 protons the deposition of the energy along the beam axis (61 axis, and at 64 in the water) is relatively uniform up to 65 and in the middle at 66 the prominent peaks of 66 are noted (see fig. [fig. energy] ) . , width = 294] with the beam having a diameter of about @xmath69 mm and the pulse length fixed at xmath70 . The lateral energy deposition profile for both beams was gaussian (the dimensions of the beams are the xmath72 s of the profiles) . in the infrared light, the laser energy density deposited along the axis has an exponential decrease with an absorption of @xmath71 , (fig. (fig. energy deposited in the medium ) . the sensitivity of the sensitivity is determined at a level of 2db in the frequency range of interest, above 90 kHz the uncertainty is up to 5db. To measure the response of the sensors to an external pressure pulse a parametric fitting of an equivalent circuit model is used, the relative decrease is measured, and the relative decrease is less than @xmath76 (i.e., - 5 = 0 ). the main response is more sensitive by xmath45 , xmath75 and sensitivity decreases rapidly at higher frequencies; at 90 kHz it is down by 20db. . . and to a very high statistical precision . . . Fig. . . fancies) and measuring in the proton and the laser experiments, respectively. In the proton-powered experiment the signal resembles a bipolar signal, while the laser signal differs from this generic form. For the proton-powered experiment the laser signal has high frequency components up to several mhz, in part due to the high energy density at the point of entry, and the rapidity of the energy deposition compared to the proton-powered pulse; so that the sensor oscillates, which in turn produces a ringing in the measured signal. The measured signal starts before the expected onset of the acoustic signal (about 5 mHz, for the given position, see figure .3 Fig. 3.3 Fig. 4. The first point was studied, and it turned out to be a part of the electric charge effect in the sensors caused by the proton-powered beam. The first point was also studied and found to be consistent with the electric charge of the sensors caused by the proton-powered beam. The spatial distribution of the energy density from the laser lead to two separate signals: the first originates in the beam area at the same xmath63 region as the placement of the sensors, the second from the entry, a point of discontinuity where most of the energy is deposited ('beam-input signal'). The frequency components of the signal, exciting the detector, slightly change the sound shape and produce a ringing. The measurements were taken at the experiments and they were either measured at the experiments, i.e., the temperature and the wavelength of the light, or simulated, i.e., the energy deposition of protons (from the measured water), the corresponding dashed-lined signals are shown in Fig. [fig.] , width = 264 , the correspondingly dashed lines represent the direct measurements of the signal. To verify the thermo-acoustic model in a clear way, the signal properties are essential to compare with the results of the simulation. The average and minimum of the signal. The latter is determined by the thermo-acoustic model by a Numeric solution of the eq. [fig.] ([eq.]][1] ., the most appropriate of the various signals, for the laser experiment, these features are isolated. The thermal parameter bulk volume, the heat capacity and the speed of sound were derived from the measured water temperature and the magnetic field. For the measurement of the actual signal voltage, not from the pressure, is chosen. [6] so the signal signals are more easily compared with the expected ones . . . in order to reduce the systematic effect of the system, e.g. due to reflections on the surfaces, the signal intensity is distorted in the simulated signals and not deconvoluted in the measured signals . . . to more accurately compare the signal properties with the measurement results, they are normalised to one. If you think about it, some of the characteristics of thermo-acoustic sound production can be observable. The dependence of the energy on the sub-segmental coordinates is quite varied: the part of the beam axis is measured by xmath86 and by xmath87 and by xmath87, in which the electron axis follows the expected 1 / xmath87 and xmath87, and in which the dewpoint is assumed to be fixed , the temperature and the energy were converged in the mode of the simulation. in the scale of the analysis, the temperature, the pulse energy, the beam profile in xmath80 and xmath81, the axis of the sensor, were thus varied by xmath86 in a manner that was quite in keeping with the measured values, that is to say, the values which were used for the simulation of the signals shown in fig. Fig. 9] exemplifies the dependence of the amplitude of the pulse on the input parameters of the simulation: the temperature, the pulse energy, the beam profile in xmath80 and xmath81, the pulse length and the position of the sensor. as we have already mentioned, the dependence of the length of the pulse on the amplitude of the pulse does not depend on the amplitude, since with 9ns it is much shorter than the transit time of the acoustic signal through the energy deposition. the pulse length of the laser is set much higher than the experiment to save calculation time. The first parameter to influence the signal amplitude is the orientation of the laser along the beam axis (at xmath63 - direction) . Figure [Fig. 2] shows a comparison of the simulated and measured signals for the proton beam experiment at different sensor positions. The input parameters of the simulation were varied in the experimental uncertainties until the best agreement of the measured signal with respect to amplitude and duration was obtained for the reference point at xmath80. (cf. Fig. ) the resulting systematic uncertainties in the amplitude are given. The results obtained in the experiment and the simulation are given in Fig. 2. The main uncertainty of the proton beam is indicated by the temporal dimension of the pulse, which is simplified to a Gaussian profile for this chapter (but not for the rest of the work). The second major factor of the amplitude is the position of the sensor on the beam axis (@xmath63) . - A plane, almost flat energy density in the direction of xmath63 up to the brag peak. - vdt> - Not only the amplitude and duration match (see the following sections), but the signal shape is reproduced to a very high degree. - Not only the frequency and amplitude match (see also the following sections), but the signal shape is reproduced to a very high degree . in the region xmath97 m the signals are bipolar . The dominant feature of the energy deposition of the laser beam is the top of the high and absorbed in the medium, with a wave like a mirror in the center. the parabolic pulse of the beam is mainly a cylindric, rotational symmetry around the xmath63 axis, as for the proton beam, with a signal directly reflected off the surface of the medium . however, a significant part of the differences, particularly the rare-faction part of the bipolar pulse, may arise from a non-perfect sensor calibration and reflections on the tank surfaces ., however, a significant part of the synchronization between the calculations and the measurements may lie in the acoustic analysis . in the region of xmath97 m the signals are bipolar . In order to confirm the hydrodynamic origin of the measured signals, the differences in arrival times for different sensors were measured in the horizontal direction of the beam. In order to verify the hydrodynamic origin of the measured signals, the comparison of the arrival times for different sensors in the water, which are parallel to the beam axis, was performed. The measured data and the linear fit for each signal type are shown in the figure. The offset in the distance between the proton and laser beams in Fig. , time vs distance , shows the measured data and a linear fit for each beam type. For the proton beam, the water temperature was Xmath103, where the literature gives for pure water at normal pressure Xmath104, which is in complete agreement. The difference between the measurements of proton and laser for the temperature xmath103 is due to the delay between the trigger time and the arrival time of the different beams in the water, which is not necessary for the calculation of the speed of sound. The time intervals of the bare signals, unclipped, vary mainly with the position of the sensor, mainly due to reflections, which were not simulated and therefore cannot be compared. Fig. Fig. Fig. Fig. Fig. , width = 325] That is a confirmation of the assumptions in the derivation of the model in sec. Fig. (Second fig.) of the laser experiment. As we have shown in Fig. (Second fig.) of the laser experiment , XM is not as well reflected in the simulations (see fig.). At xM111 the development is as expected of a cylindric source, with an amplitude of xM110 in the near field to xM4 and a xM88 in the far field beyond that distance . At xM114 the amplitude falls more uniformly, this is again due to the point-like emission characteristic of the brag peak and the cylindric emission at xM115 m . The overlap of the direct with the beam window signal distorts the amplitude of the signal. , therefore the spill energy can be calculated as a pre-factor for the simulation . points mark the measured amplitudes for two different xM63 positions and the lines of the simulation results . The direction and slope of the lines indicate linear fit to the data points, which yields a zero crossing of the amplitude compatible with no energy in a pulse. The main feature of the thermo-acoustic model is its dependence on the temperature of the medium. Figure [Fig. [Temperature] vs. Energy, width = 325] The laser signal of the figure [Temperature] changes its polarity around __123 as expected by the thermo-acoustic model. In the case of the proton beam, as will be discussed below, these hydrophone positions correspond roughly to the _63 position of the Bragg peak, and a _63 position half way between the bragg peak and the water-repellent peak. the resulting amplitudes in Fig. ' temp ' proton' were well described by the model prediction. In order to compare the amplitudes of the signals, a particular time was chosen for the beginning of the acoustic signals, and for all signals, by the correction of the corresponding offset, a zero amplitude was added to all signals. , a signal is unidirectional, and the signal inverses the polarity between xmath129 and xmath131. Considering the results of the measurement of the laser and the apparent systematic nature of the deviation from the model visible in fig. c, we subtracted the residual signal of xmath129, which has an amplitude of xmath132, at xmath122. So a non-stacking effect is envisaged in the quantization of the amplitude of the signal. The residual signal at @ xmath133 was observed in previous works as well, as will be discussed in sec. (subsection 4) . as mentioned above, other non-thermal signal production mechanisms have been discussed in the literature, and which give rise to a signal that is almost temperature independent, see e.g. @ xmath133 . the above-mentioned difference is apparent from the charged protons and from the ionisation of the water, which can also lead to an interaction with the polar molecules. Other non-thermal signal production mechanisms have been elucidated in the literature, that is, the signal produced by the heat and the thermoelectrical particle are, for instance, discussed in the subsec. . . . and the thermal radiation which was reflected in the form of the density tensor - - - (the theorem - ansatz) . Besides the great difference between the laser experiment and the electron experiment, the effective charges of the protons themselves and the ionisation of the water could lead to a interaction with polar molecules , another difference is the large protons compared to the insignificant photons . Thus, in the present case, the results of the authors of all the authors are compatible with the concept of different non-thermal effects in the interrogation of proton and laser beams with water. This observation contrasts with the laser experiment described in this article. There is, however, one note of note that in @xcite and @xcite, the same results were reported for proton and laser beams, respectively. A semi-thermal one has been observed in the pre-processing of a proton beam with water, which, as a matter of fact, is in contrast to the excitation of the first one. In the second place, the results of the two studies show that there is a non-thermal one for proton beams, although they have different results regarding the size of the non-thermal effect and the shape of the non-thermal one. The authors conclude that this may result in the reduction of the positive signals below the expected values, in contrast to @xcite and the work presented in this article. The neutrino can only be sent to extreme high energies in the spheres beyond the local universe, and beyond the many tens of tens of megaparsecs. if they are found, their nature will be greatly improved. All the authors, in contrast to the ones described in the articles of the hands, exhibit a non-thermal, but with differing results, as regards the size of the effects and the shape of the non-thermal signal. The work, together with others Xcite, has established the validity of the thermo-acoustic model with uncertainties at the xmath level. As a result, we conclude that the current level of accuracy in modeling sound signals in the context of the thermo-acoustic model is fully sufficient for the understanding of neutrino signatures. in the course of these investigations, simulations, laboratory measurements and observations of in situ tests will allow a conclusion as to the acoustic neutrino detection. The input of the model as discussed in this article is an energy deposit in water, which is also produced by a cascade that evolves from a neutrino interaction. However, it is necessary to understand the sound signals generated by the explosions of particles from the energetic field. This work, together with others in xcite, has established the validity of the thermo-acoustic model with uncertainties at the xmath12 level. The biggest uncertainties of the experiments are at the xmath10 level. One discrepancy is at the signal at 4 , which is not changed. It is necessary to improve the selection of neutrino detection algorithms in future acoustic neutrino detectors. At the same time, it is necessary to determine the quality of the sound signals produced by the particles by the formation of a cyclic cascade. In the case of the simulations of an electrically formed cascade in water, the uncertainties due to the noise and the noise-to-noise is large , the challenge is to detect and identify sound signals caused by neutrino interaction. , 05cn2we1 / 2 , 05cn5we1 / 7 and 05a08we1 . Parts of the experiments were conducted at the  theodor svedberg laboratory in uppsala, sweden . . . the authors wish to thank all concerned personnel and especially the acoustics department of desy zeuthen and the university of uppsala for their help.