Moreover, in particular, ratchet systems, or so-called ratchets, are so-called asymmetric periodic potentials where an ensemble of particles experiences directed transport. the origins of this interest lie in considerations about elucidating unbiased, noisy fluctuations, as is true in biological systems. so-called ratchet systems, that is, so-called periodic potentials, where an ensemble of particles experiences directed transport, in particular, ratchet systems called so-called ratchet systems, where an ensemble of particles experiences directed transport. One may take the ratchet model for instance, where the particle velocity is calculated over time, or the whole system, and he showed that this quantity, which is an intuitively reasonable definition of the current, could be either positive or negative, depending on the intensity of the periodic forcing for the system, and at the same time there are areas in which the trajectory of an individual particle exhibits a chaotic orientation. This is because the transport properties of nonlinear systems are not well understood, particularly as they are sensitively influenced by initial conditions, that is, whether they are chaotic or not, the behavior of nonlinear systems, including the transition from regular to chaotic, is in general sensitively dependent on the parameters of the system, for example, the stability islands combine or break apart, or the chaotic sea itself is pierced or otherwise altered, or the attractors change symmetry or bifurcation. And mateos conjectured a connection between these two phenomena, namely that the reversal of the current direction was associated with a bifurcation from chaotic to periodic in the dynamics of the particles. However, this paper based its argument about currents on the behavior of a single particle, rather than an ensemble. It is therefore interesting to examine the results of barbi and salerno on the details of the ensemble and more formally to see how ergodicity affects our considerations of the current, as we do in this paper. so that it is appropriate to understand how a probability ensemble could behave in such a system. we consider the impact of different types of ensembles on the current and show that the current depends significantly on the details of the initial ensemble. This is shown in earlier studies on the dynamics of the system in question. We also examine the effect of different ensembles on the current and show that the current significantly depends on the details of the initial ensemble. it is precisely this that has been noted in earlier studies, which dealt with detailed mathematical methods for analyzing the transport properties of the system in question. This is one of the main points of this paper: broad heuristics are rare in chaotic systems, and therefore it is important to understand the dependence of the ensemble on the transport properties of chaotic systems. Consequently, we would like to study the properties of the current in a chaotic deterministic ratchet, especially the same system that was studied by mateos and barbi and salerno We also selected the same - xmath2 - dimensional ratchet, previously considered by mateos, as well as the barbi and salerno - dimensional ratchet. The aim of these studies is to understand the behavior of general stuttering ratchets. Here we introduce the theory of bifurcations to the principle of current reversals, where we discuss the potential and phase space of single trajectories for this system, and also define a diagram of a bifurcation. We discuss the subtleties of establishing the connection between the behavior of individual trajectories and the behavior of ensembles, and in the next section we discuss the subtleties of establishing a connection between the behavior of individual trajectories and of ensembles, and we conclude that, in general, bifurcations in the mobility of the motion of the body are associated with sudden changes in the current, as a result of the particular value of the current, or may in turn lead to the reverse of the flow, but not necessarily. , in our investigation, the transport properties of a chaotic ratchet are not as simple as the initial conjecture. We propose an ensemble of particles, motionless in a periodic potential, driven by a periodic external force, whose time is limited by a zero-time-average force, and whose initial force has a zero-time-average . a general characterization of the dynamics of the problem as a function of a parameter (@xmath13 or @xmath13) is emerging in a multilinear character, as we see in Figure 3 , b, c, and a period four attractor consisting of the four centres of the circles with -xmath13. and a period four attractor, consisting of the four centers of the circles with -xmath11 . The phase space of the rolled, unfreckled ratchet of the system corresponding to the unfreckled potential , looks like a series of asymmetric pendulas. when damping is introduced by the -depending term in eq. [xmath13] , it makes the stable point attractors only. (iv) trajectories on the separatrices between the oscillating and librating orbits, which moves between unstable fixed points in infinite time, as well as unstable and stable fixed points themselves, all of which form a set of negligible measures. , fig. (fig. 1b and c) and a period four attractor consisting of the four centers of the circles with xmath13. that is, to extract from the system all coexisting attractors, with the specified parameters, a splintery of the results. Note that for the invariable splintery the respective parameters, a certain point, such as xmath, is used, whereas the invariable invariance is drawn from xmath, and subsequently after a splintery, and so on till xmath37. a splintery of the point xmath29 (that is, with a period commensurate with the driving) gives a set of points occupying only xmath31 different positions of xmath32 for xmath27 . - - that is, it is necessary to dispense with the invariance of the initial condition and to obtain a diagram of the overall condition. note that the elimination of the transient condition is necessary to achieve results which are independent of the initial condition, and we shall speak of this more fully later on in the context of net transport or current. We have made several examples of this type of bifurcation, which we have compared with the behaviour of the current . - - we have made several graphs with different initial conditions, and the results obtained are exactly the same. Note that there are several initial conditions employed in the process, and a bifurcation diagram is not a splinter of a single path. The whole picture shows the consequence of many initial conditions. the first result, as shown in Fig. 2 ( Figure 3), is that in chaotic courses one can easily apply one trajectory to get quite different results than that of many different paths. This is why we must take into account several initial conditions in order to produce a current. For this to be a useful figure to compare with bifurcation diagrams, the sum must be independent of the values of xmath42, but, nevertheless, strongly dependent on xmath43. In order to compare the different volumes produced by changing the number of points in the initial ensemble, Xmath38 should be independent of xmath42, but strongly dependent on xmath43. This is why it is necessary to consider many different initial conditions in order to obtain a current. The first and simplest result we show in fig. (Figure 2) is that, for chaotic pathologies, it is possible to use a single path to obtain a performance very different from that of many paths. However, it turns out that in the regular system the transport properties of an ensemble depend in general on the part of the phase-space that the person is sampling. It is, therefore, necessary to consider many different initial conditions to generate a current. A vector curve is drawn between the number of paths in the first ensemble, Xmath39 versus the number of paths for xmath44. The dashed lines are a regular motion with Xmath46, and the solid lines are chaotic motions with xmath46. As a result, the typical at xmath51 is visible, and with barbi and salerno, the currents are some three times greater. . . . . however, it is not true that only a few paths dominate the dynamics completely, otherwise the current would not be saturated as a function of xmath53. We notice that the net drift of an ensemble is a lot closer to xmath53 than the net drift of an individual path. note, as well, that there is a dependence of the current on the location of the initial ensemble, particularly for small xmath44. This is because the isometrical nature of the ensemble is of course non-ergodic and chaotic. The general xmath51 is also influenced by the width of the ensemble and can show, for example, the inflection of illusory currents, as we see in Fig. ( fig. 1) . , width = 304] . And if a gaussian ensemble is involved, for example, the width of the ensemble also influences the spectral properties of the current, and it can show, for instance, illusory current reversal as we can see in fig. ( fig. 3 ) . We can re-envision the phase space of the hamiltonian or the underdamped wave, to get the type of stability and stability of the islands dragged in and out of a chaotic sea, which are very complicated, e.g. in such a case, the dynamics always depends on the location of the initial conditions and on the spread of the initial conditions. In this respect, we are not in a hamiltonian state, for example, when the damping is turned on, in general, the phase space consists in general of attractors , however, we are not in a hamiltonian situation, when the damping is turned on, the dynamics always depends on the location of the initial conditions or on the spread of the initial conditions. The main point of these numerical results can be distilled in a series of heuristic statements: fig. (Fig.5), fig. (Figure 5), fig. (fig. ( rev. nobifur), in each of which we plot both the ensemble current and the bifurcation diagram as a function of the parameter xmath0. We are presented in a series of figures: fig. (Fig.5), fig. (Fig.6) Fig. (Fig.5 ) Fig. (Fig.5 ) Fig. (Fig.5 ) fig. ) fig. ([ Rev. nobifur] ) in each of which we plot both the ensemble current and the bifurcation diagram as a function of the parameter xmath0 . It is also noted that the current is not without structure, it is fairly dramatically changed in a way according to the parameter. (Picture: Fig. 6-5) This is the figure of the period-doubling-posterior transitions, as we have seen in the approximate ranges of xmath63 . In (a) and (b) we illustrate that the current is indeterminate between a stable fixed point, the black line for a triangle of width @ xmath67, the brown line for a triangle of width @ xmath70, and maroon for a triangle of width @ xmath71. The line of the current is indeterminate between the xmath66 and xmath8 for the current and the bifurcation (upper). Notice that the current is not indeterminate and, therefore, it changes quite dramatically with the number of parameters. This is even more evident in the figure. Besides, there is only one reversal of the current, at xmath66. Note again that the current is not without structure, it changes a great deal as a function of the parameter. In a) and b) we see the dependence of a range of directions, in particular a black curve for an ensemble of paths starting at the stable fixed point, @xmath67, a root-mean-square gaussian width of @xmath68, and a brown curve for paths starting at the unstable fixed point @xmath69 and width @xmath68 . But we are looking for positive correlations, and we have not excluded the more limited statement that all current reversals are associated with bifurcations, which is actually a conjecture . . . but we are looking for correlations with good probability, and at this point we have not ruled out the more restricted statement that all current reversals are associated with bifurcations, which is mateos' conjecture. In a word, we are looking for positive correlations, and at this point we have not deigned to exclude the more restricted statement that all current reversals are associated with bifurcations, which is, indeed, a mateos conjecture. Thus, we now examine our results against the specific details of barbi and salerno's investigation of this conjecture, a fig. (2). It is particularly interesting that the bifurcation at xmath74 has a less violent effect on the ensemble current, which has been growing steadily for some time, while the single-track result changes abruptly. The first-rate result, however, is more curious and can be interpreted as a transitional phase in the behavior of the stability of the periodic orbits. (b) The result of the single-track results is exactly the same as that of barbi and salerno, but they disagree in some details. . . . The bifurcation diagram indicates that the important transitions take place either before or after the spike. This illustrates that a jump in the current is also connected with a bifurcation. The mateos conjecture can be weakened by further reaffirmation by the fact that there is important information in the current, which cannot be obtained from the single-direction current. This makes two statements: the first is that there is still significant information in the ensemble current that cannot be obtained from the single-direction current. The second is that the heuristic that arises from this is again a negative conclusion, that (iii) not all current reversals are associated with reversals. [39] , title = fig: , width = 302] for xmath78 and xmath79, shown are the upper and lower convolutions of the current (upper) versus xmath0. . . . see in this figure that eyeball tests are misleading. The generality of the underlying system is a period doubling transition, or a transition from chaos to regularity. this result, which is in no way determinative, is the object of open questions. Thus this rule significantly enhances our ability to evaluate changes in the behavior of the current as a function of its parameter. Observing the relevant figures, one can see that this is an extremely useful rule of thumb. One can see an example of this in fig.6 ( Fig.6) which cannot be understood as an example of the mateos conjecture, or even an invalidation of it. We can see that this is just a distortion of the mateos conjecture. For example, one can see a subtraction of Fig. 6 without any bifurcation, as in fig.6 ( Figure6 ). However, it appears that this subtraction, in that scan of the parameter space, takes place in the chaotic and seemingly independent of the bifurcation. However, this subtraction turns out to be a ‘hidden’ bifurcation when one zooms in on the chaotic, as in fig. (hidden – bifurcation). Here, however, one can observe that the change in this case is not merely subjective. We have thus deduced that the following heuristics apply to bifurcations in single-phased behavior and are most notably found at the junctions of the same system. The bifurcation of a single-phased system often corresponds to sudden influxes or a change of current for an ensemble in the same system; and, conversely, not all influxes or a change of current are also associated with bifurcations. This would make it clearer for us to ascertain the reason for their violation or validity . . . a.k.b. . . is grateful to t. barsch and kamal p. singh for stimulating discussions, the reimar lst grant and the financial support from the alexander von humboldt foundation in Bonn . a.k., is grateful to carleton college for the sabbatical fellowship and to the mpipipipia for having made him join them for a sabbatical visit, which led to this collaboration. c. dring, nuovo ci . . . p. thanks carleton college for the student sabbatical fellowships, the sabbatical grant and the financial support from the alexander vonhumboldt foundation in bonn. . . . .