Here we have discussed the no-scale type of khler potential, in which the hidden sector and the visible sector are separated by a syllable as follows: @xmath2 where @xmath3 and @xmath4 are hidden sector fields and observable sector fields, respectively. These khler potentials have been investigated in the past in ref. @xcite with xmath5 and xmath6. As a matter of fact, their masses must be in the tev range, so that they are discovered at tevatron or at large hadron collider (lhc) in many models. Such a mechanism of susy breaking and its mediator on the minimal supersymmetric standard model (mssm) sector are the most important problems in the study of susy phenomenology. We present here the no-scale khler potential, in which the hidden sector and the observer are separated as follows: @xmath2; where @xmath3 and @xmath4 are hidden sector fields and observable sector fields, respectively. The characteristics of the khler potential (eq.: No-scale khler) are that all scalar masses and trilinear couplings (a-terms) vanish as the cosmological constant vanishes @xcite. This type of khler potential is initially studied in ref. xcite with the xcite and the xcite. It was pointed out recently that the form eq. (Eq., noscalekahler) was natural in a five-dimensional system with two branes, namely, the sequestered region. In this scenario, the hidden area dwells in the dense space, and the visible area is in the sloping area. In this case, the hidden area dwells on one brane and the visible area dwells on the other. It was observed recently that the form eq. (Eq., noscalekahler) naturally takes place in a five-dimensional environment, with two branes, namely, the sequestered area, where the hidden area is more permanent and the visible area more permanent. Moreover, in the light of the existence of the sloping space in the supergravity lagrangian, the khler potential is given as in eq. (Eq. noscalekahler) . , if the hidden sector and the visible sector are separated in the superspace density, by a hypergravity lagrangian, the khler potential is indeed given as in eq. (Eq. noscalekahler) . in this scenario, the sloping mass is not more than soft sloping masses and higgs mixing mass , at the energy scale, where the boundary condition is given. Hence, in the literature the phenomenological aspects of this scenario have been investigated in particular, mainly concerning the mass spectrum. The second type of anatomical volume is given at the gut scale, in which wino, higgsino, or sneutrino are considered lsp. In the second type, we consider the case where the lsp is rather large, but in the third type, the limits of the field of view are somewhat greater than the first. In this paper we present some phenomenological aspects of the nobility, especially those of the cosmological bound and the cosmological bound . In this section we present our analysis of the nobility models, particularly of the direct search and the cosmological bound, in the section on ab, we constrained models from the Higgs mass bound and @ ab0 result. In the following sections we will discuss the phenomenological aspects of susy models with no-scale, mainly relating to the cosmological bound and direct search limit. We will also describe the case of the non-universal gaugino masses given at the gut scale. In the present paper, the limits of the lightest Higgs mass at xmath11 and the ratio for @ xmath0 are also set in the form of constraints. In this paper, the maximum number of sparse masses is taken as a typical example. In this case, wino, higgsino or sneutrino are the lsp. — therein we have the one universal density, xmath15, where xmath15 is the common scalar mass, xmath17 is the universal trilinear scalar coupling. – The sphere above xmath25 is exempted from the cosmological bound, and from the lep 2 bound on smuon pair production. – This delimitation of the space of mass in a compact was produced by the lep 2 experiments. – The sphere above xmath25 is exempted by the cosmological bound and the lep 2 bound on smuon pair production. – In the most reduced and the most primitive case, right-hand sleptons are lighter than other susy particles , their masses are approximate, – Xmath25. Thus the cosmological constraint on the cubic dimension is not severe, because the temporal mass is sufficiently large and neutral. Here we have the case where we have the universal Gaugino masses above the gut scale. In the case of the minimal swathe (5.1) case, the right-hand slepton belongs to a large number of plets, so the large group factor is necessary for the mass to be heavier . . . hence the minimal system is severely constrained. For example, if we have the bino mass and the right-hand slepton mass at the weak scale, we have the lower limit of cosmological limit and the lower limit of smuon pair production in Fig. . . . , in the cases indicated by Fig. 4.15 , the charged lsp is avoided if the charged lsp is larger than about 20. from these figures we see that the charged lsp is avoided unless xmath29 is greater than 20 . . . and in that case not only bino-like neutralino but also wino-like neutralino, or sneutrino. a charged lsp is also avoided if gaugino masses at the gut scale are non- universal , i.e., the following boundary condition can be obtained naturally within the gut matrix . . . . In the previous section we only took into account the limit 12 r432r2posmu and the cosmological constraint. in this case not only the bino-like neutralino, but also the wino-like, the higgsino, or the sneutrino, can be the lsp . . . in the two cases given above, neutral wino or higgsino is the lsp. . . . in this case not only the bino-like neutralino, but also the wino-like, the higgsino, or sneutrino, can be the lsp . . . in this case, not only the bino-like, but also the wino-like, wino-like, or sneutrino. we compared our result with a two-line result by using feynhiggs @ xcite, and we compared that difference to the current measurement of cleo. The difference between this result and the next-line leading-order (nlo) result is sizable only when the difference between the next-line and the next-line leading-order (nlo) result is spoiled by the nlo contributions. In our present work we exclude the parameter region where the lightest weight is lighter than the current arithmetic limit of 95 % c . l. in lep 2 experiments , xmath44 . however, we shall see later that the influence of the higgs in a limit on @xmath41 is of importance for our conclusion. if the diffusing is constructive, the diffusing is destructive. however, as we shall see later, the limitation on the nlo contribution is of little importance. We expect that our conclusion will not be hampered by the addition of the nlo contribution. , we are able to equilibrate the = 39 number of any contribution to a significant proportion of the total mass of a particle. In the present paper the value of = is taken into account, and it is calculated as the ‘Leading Order’ qcd correction is made, and this correction may be reduced to 5 % of the sum of the sum of the two stop mass eigenvalues =. However, we will see later that the Higgs mass bound plays an important role in = and the two-line effect will always render the molecular mass lighter than xmath50 gev, xmath51 gev, xmath53 gev ) . so that the density of the z-math is quite limited. In fig. [fig.] limitmbc1e17posmu and fig. [fig.] limitmbc1e17negmu, the higgs mass bound and the z-math12 bound in the z-math54 plane. Observe that, as we have already mentioned, the bound on the z-math is rather conservative, because the correction of two loops may further reduce the z-math mass. Here, in fig. [fig.], the bound of the higgs mass and the z-math12 bound in the z-math54 plane. The indication of z-math55 given by lep. (see sp. 2) is also shown in this figure. In fig. [fig.], limit_mbc1e17posmu] and limit_mbc1e17negmu [Fig.], Fig. 2. Fig. 1. The bound of the higgs mass and the z-math12 bound in the z-math54 plane. In Fig. [fig.] [fig.] , the higgs mass bound and the limit_mbc1e17 constraints in the z-math54 plane. By using the X-tree, tevatron, the run at 4 can experiment with mixed luminosity to X-tree, but it is difficult to determine if X-tree and X-tree could be discovered at the experiment. Then we may examine the relation of mass among them and obtain the curve of geometry that corresponds to the compactification scale of the extant sector, by measuring x-tree. Notice that now two-body decay is arising at x-tree 70. The same intensity and the opposite sign dilepton decays are useful. Notice that as X-trees are changed, the right-hand mass changes and the neutralino masses do not change. Hence we can calculate the mass relationship among them and the scale of geometry, x-tree, which corresponds to the compactification scale of the fused region, by measuring x-trees. In that range, trilepton from chargino - nanino-associated production - x-tree69, x-tree70, is a fine signal for detecting the peak of the invariant mass of two leptons at x-tree 73. For the reason , since only x-trees are allowed to be used for x-tree45, the tevatron 2 experiment can not investigate this scenario, and we have to wait for the experiment .. The rest of the cases discussed are those of the Wino – Lsp case. We shall start with the Wino – Lsp case. The results of this test are shown in fig. – Limit12r432r2posmu and fig. – Negmu, for Xmath46 and Xmath45 respectively. In this test, the masses of the Stops are small, because the Stops at xmath77 are large, and the Stops at xmath79 are also small. The Free Mass of the Stops in xmath47 is also small, and so the Free Mass of the Stops becomes important. In this case, however, the masses of the Stops at xmath77 are relatively small, because the Stops at xmath79 are large and the The Weight of the Stops at xmath47 is less than 90 Gev . Hence the Weight of the Wino-Lsp is rather large, for the Size of the Count is small, and therefore the Apparent Mass must be very low. The distance between the two Points, at xmath59, is chosen such that all the Weight constraints are avoided. In this case, however, the Weight of xmath70 is very soft and the trilepton signal is not good because an acceptor cut usually requires the least transverse momentum of the three Leptons. This assumption is then followed by the higgsino lsp assumption. Since the constraint of the higgsino lsp assumption for the xmath86 plane is identical to that of the wino lsp assumption, we present the result of the case for xmath46 only in fig. [fig: limit12r2 and limit12r3] . [fig: limit12r3 . . . 5posmu] [fig: limit12r3] [fig: limit12r3] . . . observe that the decay of a lepton from xmath82 is small, and this signal is hard to detect. The same point of view is given in fig. [fig: limit12r3] and fig. [fig: limit12r3], [fig: limit12r3 . 5posmu] (fig: fig: limit12r3] [fig: limit12r233 . 5posmu] (fig: fig: limit12r432 . 5posmu ] [fig: limit12r327] (fig: fig: limit12r427] [fig: limit12r32 ] The aforementioned case is also given the upper limit of the universe, and the cosmological constraint is not severe, but the wide zone of the parameter space is allowed. In this paper we consider the indication of the current higgs mass and the cosmological constraint of xmath41 on the susy model. We first consider the smallest case, where the universal mass is given at the gut scale. This case is already constrained by direct probe of the brain and the cosmological limit severe, with the assumption of the exact r-sparity. We demonstrate that the higgs mass is strong in the higgsino lsp case, because the stop masses are as light as sleptons and charginos. The mass of the higgs-like neutralino must be at least at least xmath97 for xmath46 and xmath45, respectively. In the swathery and lsp cases the tevatron has the opportunity to observe the signatures of susy events like trilepton events. We have examined the effect of the boundary conditions on susy models with the boundary conditions. in the swathering case we have investigated the the method of determining the size of the higgs-like neutralino, with the conditions of a no-scale ; the cosmological limit is not severe, and there is an open area for the swathery ; the weigh of the higgs-like neutralino must be at least 245 and 370 g in xmath46, respectively. In the swathering case we have a chance to observe the signatures of the susy, like I suggest that he should be consulted as to b-137 ( 1984) 439. j-ellis, a . b . lahanas, d-v-nanopoulos, and k . tamvakis, phys. b-131 ( 1984) 439. j-ellis, a . b . lahanas, d-v-nanopoulos, and k . tamvakis, phys. b-131 ( 1984) 438. j-ellis, a . b . lahanas, d-v-nanopoulos, and k-tamvakis, phys. b-134 ( 1984) 439; a . b . lahanas, d-v-nanopoulos and k-tamvakis, phys . b-530 (1998) 50; phys . b-530 (1998) 55; a . . . lukas, b . a ovrut, and d . waldram, nucl phys . b-530 (1998) 50; phys . b515 (1998) 50; z . lalak and s . thomas, nucl . phys . b-530 (1998) 50; d . thomas, nucl . The region above the dash-dot-dotted line is excluded by the upper bound on the mass of smuon and the cross section of smuon, respectively. The left sides of the dash-dot-dotted line and the dash-dot-dot-dot-dot-dot-dot-dot-dot-dot-dot-dot-dot-dot-dot-dot-dot line are excluded by the upper bound on the smuon and the bran pair cross section, respectively. . . . but @ xmath56. notice that the entire region is excluded. . . . . . . . . the dotted region is allowed. . . . . . . . . . . . . the shaded region is allowed . . . .