As a result of this approach, many theoretical investigations with computer simulations have been conducted in order to investigate the efficiency of — e.g. —step, like that of various metals — xcite — in order to study the possible no dissociation, we have investigated ultra-thin cu structures . . . the dissociative adsorption of no no was less expected on cu, than on highly reactive rh, ir, ru, co, ni surfaces, though this was a doubtless event in many experiments . . . even in this manner, many theoretical investigations with computer simulations had been conducted to investigate the efficiency of the no dissociation of cu structures , that is, in the case of crystal structures of various metals . . . the structural optimizations for cu in this study were conducted by combining the electronic and kinetic properties of the cu atoms and in doing so found a molecule of no condensate . . . from this thin structure we applied an unlabeled no and performed an optimization. after obtaining the structure of the molecular condensed structures, we searched for the possibility of no dissociation. a approximation for the exchange-conversion energy function based on perdew, burke, and ernzerhof@xcite was used in the scheme of the generalized gradient. in this case, the energy cut-off for the energy increment was 30 ry, while the energy cut-off for the charge density was 240 ry. in this study, the value of the lattice constant was optimized. We used the physico-mechanical package qc-hf, which was used in a primitive supercell. A central structure in our study was the cu-Tornado lattice (Cu-Tornado), an important structure for our discussion. The cubic phase was 15 atoms thick. The vacuum layer was 15 atoms thick. in this simulation, the lattice constant was optimized. Moreover, the design was identical to that of section “Methods”. All the calculations were done with the simulation package “Quantum Espresso” [cfd]. The criterion for the capillary coefficient was that the simulation should end when the absolute value of the total force vector became less than 1 @ xmath210 @ xmath3 [ry / a . . .] in this case, the calibrated permeability was calculated. . . . . in this case, the capillary coefficient was optimized. . . . . . . . in this simulation, the calibration of the capillary coefficient was made to be very accurate. You can also say that a cu-tl is stable against distortions that make corrugation toward cu-tl. To show the local stability of cu-tl in simulation, we obtained a two-layer structure (atls) . This structure was obtained by cutting the bulk fcc cu crystal and placing it in a simulation supercell . The structure was perpendicular to the (100) direction of the bulk cu and so contained in an orthorhombic unit cell. The last fact about the local stability of cu-tl, however, required the development of a fabrication method. . Recently the formation of an atomic layer of pb on the si (111) surface was reported . . . and the most remarkable feature of the natural creation of an atomic layer is the atomic layer of pb on the surface of si . . . atls, compared to this unsteady structure, was cu-tl. This structure was obtained by cutting the bulk fcc cu crystal and placing it in a superconductor cell. . the structure was perpendicular to the (100) direction of bulk cu and therefore contained in a cubic unit cell. . . . in the same way cu-tl was stable, because if the molecule were disposed on cu-tl, reconstruction of cu-tls happened and formation of cu-tl was observed in our simulations. I will see the physical properties of cu- tl as shown in Figure 1; the density of states (dos) in cu-tl is shown in Fig. 2(b) (figure 2(c)), along the X-math9-m line or the k- @ x-math9 line, a smoothness of the 3d bands and the view of the cyclic band from the bottom. For the materialization of nosorption, the local structure of cu-tl is important. Looking from the lower part of the energy spectrum, we see that the 4s band starts from - 6 .63 ev and spreads to the fermi energy. the degree of dos in the 4s band is nearly 0 . 2 owing to the two-dimensional nature of the material. The density of states in the 4s band reached nearly 0 . 2 owing to its two-dimensional nature. The density of states in the 3d band increased from 10 to 11 in the unit of states / ev per unit cell, and was about 4 to 6 compared with the structure of the surface of the cu (111) surface. It is important to compare the density of states in the 4s band with the density of the bulk Cu., the color of the visible bands and the color of the film. In the high energy region, we see that the 4s band starts from - 6 - 3 ev, and spreads above the fermi energy, but the 3d bands end below the fermi level. I mean, in the above portion we examine the kind of atomic structure of cu. To adsorb no, we occupy two site-based structures on cu. The first of these, a no-molecule separated from a surface, is cu-tl, ass or atls. The second, a no-site-based structure is found on cu-tl. On cu-tl, a bridge or a hollow site is energetically most favorable, and on cu-tl a bridge or hollow site is energetically more favorable than on cu-tl; and since no-one has a strong reaction with cu-tl, we treat this in the following section. Observing the properties of no-sites with atls, we found a stable and stable substrate in a super cell, cu-tl, ass, and ass. and in a series of simulations, we found the following general rules for adsorption: on cu-tl, a little separated from the substrate, ass or ass, each adsorption was determined. Here, we discuss the main reactions of no-sites on cu-tl. These structures are also known as structural optimizations, ass, and ass. In the next section, we discuss strong reactions of no-sites on cu-tl. However, if a bridge or a hollow are stable for no on cu-tl, then a difference in chemical reactivity could still be seen in the cu-tl surface. The atomic dissociation energy is defined by , xmath17 is the total energy of a cu slab without a no, and xmath16 is the total energy of the no molecule in a super cell of the same size as the other calculations. The decomposition energy is described in each parenthesis for convenience. now, let us discuss the decomposition energy. The decomposition energy is, xmath17, at the atomic step, at the bridge site (- 1 . 16 ev) . The decomposition energy is also shown in each parenthesis for convenience. Now, let us discuss decomposition energy. There are two typical decomposition energy structures on tl and on ass. In the first structure, the nitrogen atom is located at the center of five surrounding cu atoms (see the right figures of fig. ) This structure may be regarded as a nitrous atom. (see the right figures of fig. ) As we have already mentioned, there is a general tendency among the examples of which we have previously presented: the nitrogen atom is embedded in the cu structure. a third, new, dissociative adsorbed structure is shown for no. On ss, a second structure of dissociative adsorbed molecules is given, for no. (see Fig. , ss-sideview) - the oxygen atom is situated at the bridge and keeps two-fold coordination, while the nitrogen atom has four-fold coordination. This latter tendency is quite natural in comparison with the other examples in the literature. the adsorption energy is thus large for no than on tl and for ass., because these structures have a high coordination of cu around the nitrogen atom. in our simulation the positions of cu atoms are easily changed, because the atomic structure of cu is only one layer. The qualitative difference between our simulation and our results is due to the movement of cu atoms in the reconstruction. This qualitative difference should be attributed to the movement of cu atoms in the reconstruction. In the present example the nitrogen atom is placed in a bond- center on the back surface of ass. The decomposition of no favors the electroadsorption (with the adsorption energy of - 1 . 22 ev estimated in ref. @xcite) versus the dissociation of no, where the electroadsorption energy is estimated to be - 0 . 79 ev in ref. @xcite . “To obtain a suitable description of the reaction path of a no-reduction on cu-tl, we calculated the local structure and the energy of a transition state, by means of the one-dimensional methods of dft-gga calculations. By means of the third function, we obtained the transition state with an energy of xmath24 for the no-reduction process. To develop the distorted structure in the transition state, we built up a process to investigate the substructure of cu-tl with an energy of xmath24 . . . In the initial state, there was the no-response molecule on cu-tl with the nitrogen atom bound to the cu surface; and in the transition, the oxygen atom had local bonds with the surrounding cu-atoms to reduce the total energy. , the structure of cu-tl in the first state was the molecule adsorbed on cu-tl, while the final structure was the molecule adsorbed on the cu-tl molecule . . . However, our model showed that the structure of n and o atoms was energetically stronger by .4 ev than the structure of n and o atoms, but this was not the case. Therefore, our simulation, which was conducted on the cu-tl atom, might have uncovered a hidden route to the no-reduction of cu-tl atoms. The relative value of the molecular adsorption energy of no was greater than the values for cu-beams or cu-tls. The computational work was supported by the Allied Science and Technology project and by the Grant-in-Aid for Scientific Research (No. 19046108) and the grant-in-Aid for Research (No. 22360049) . the simulations showed that there was a resolving adsorbed structure in which a nitrogen impurity was embedded in a cu-beam structure. The apparent dissociation energy of no was - - 0 ev on ass. - [26] The flexibility of this cu-beam structure in the nanometer scale is important for stabilizing the dissociative adsorption of no and for decreasing the energy barrier on the no-resolving pathway. Thus, in order to realize a cu-based reduction catalyst, it is necessary to create atomic structures of cu, i.e., layers, clusters, and atomic networks that allow conformational change. cn ev. [28] - (Bulker-da-sa-da-sa-safka-safka , 7], 183 and  '[3]',[4] 15] 11226 loffreda d, simon d, and sauter p 2003 j . catal. . . . 69247 liu zp, jenkins s , king d a 2003 j . catal. . . . 89382 hammer b 2000 j . catal. . . . . 113 liu zp, jenkins s j and king d a 2003 j . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , he f and eichler b , eichler a, grecea m l, kleyn a w and bonn m 2004 j . . . . . . . . . - - c-cc-cc-cc-cd-r, burke k and ernzerhof m 1997 - phys. b--ct - r - 79 - 35845 perdew j p, burke k and ernzerhof m 1997 - phys. b--cc-cd-cd-cd-cd-cd-cd-cd. p-a, c-a, c-a, c-a, c-a, c-a, a, c-a, c-a, c-a, c-a, c, s-a, c-a-a, c-a, d-e, c-a, s-e, cp-a, c-a, c, c-a-c-c, c-c, c-a, c-c , c-a, c-c., c-e and c-e, 2009 . phys. b-d . . .