, the first mathematical result in this direction was that of Newhouse, who showed that, at the homoclinic tangency, a class of diffeomorphisms in a two-dimensional manifold has infinitely many periodic orbits (sinks) , a result which was later extended to higher dimensions. , the stability of the phenomena under a small random perturbation has been studied. It has been shown in the sciences that such phenomena are indispensable to the generalization of complexity in a large class of agent-based models. , multistability also seems to be an essential mechanism for complexity generation in a large class of agent-based models. The first mathematical result in this direction was obtained by Newhouse , @ xcite , who proved that a class of diffeomorphisms in a two-dimensional manifold has infinitely many attracting periodic orbits (sinks), and that later was extended to higher dimensions , it has also been proved , @ xcite , that in addition to infinitely many sinks, infinitely many strange attractors exist in a homoclinic tangency. , some common non-constant attractors have been observed in the traditional systems ... However, for the sake of a comparison, we will consider concrete models of the newhouse phenomenon, xcite. to be subtracted from a specific mechanism, such as a strange attracting force, which has an infinite number of periodic orbits, all of which are unstable, the stabilization of these orbits is a simple process, in that not only the nature of the phenomena is completely understood, but it is also possible to calculate the range of parameters necessary for any desired number of stable orbits. The stabilization of orbits in a coupled system is similar to that obtained in the higher-dimensional coupled lattices xcite, except that, due to the limited space of the phase space, the types of bifurcations are different in our system. We also study the phenomenology of two coupled quadratic maps, in particular the bifurcations of periodic orbits and the regime of synchronization . The stabilization of orbits in the coupled system is similar to that obtained in higher-dimensional coupled lattices xcite, with the exception that, due to the limited size of the phase space, the types of bifurcations are different in our system. instead of having a large number of unstable periodic orbits, for example, one has a large number of sinks, the control situation seems more promising and robust, since the control should not be so precise . . . . that is what we will discuss in this paper . . . The square root of the circle of the circle is xmath5; there are xmath6, xmath7 and xmath8; and a sphere of xmath9 is a sphere of xmath9; and the map of xmath9 is a rectangle of xmath9, of which xmath9 maps xmath1 into itself. Here we can note that the sphere is synchronized, if xmath26, and if all orbits synchronize, then we say that the sphere is synchronized. and so the elasticity of the combination in _def_ is ensured, that   2   , subset, [1], 1]    , and the fusion is well defined. In this case, a sphere is synchronized (from xmath25 on), and the symmetry in _def_ is _def_. 1 For a pure system, the first condition is _xmath11, _xmath13, _xmath14 . Yes, it exists for any value of the parameters, and the synchronized fixed point is @xmath37. Hence, the condition @xmath43 and @xmath47 lead to another co-dimension 1 period-doubling bifurcation of the synchronized fixed point. These are the well-known synchronized period-doubling bifurcation of @xmath9, which creates a synchronized period-two orbit. It is well known that the period-doubling bifurcation of @xmath9 creates a synchronized period-two orbit of @xmath2. Hence, the conditions of the corresponding bifurcation theorem (see e.g. e. e. ) are satisfied when the curve @xmath49 is crossed upwards. Besides, the derivative @ xmath45 is negative for all @xmath46s. The conditions of the corresponding bifurcation theorem (see e.g. @ xcite) are satisfied when the curve @ xmath49 is crossed upwards. The jacobian of @ xmath39 at this fixed point is diagonal. Let @ xmath37 be the synchronized fixed point, which is indicated in @xmath38 variables . the jacobian of @ xmath39 is diagonal in @ xmath39. And if you have only at the bifurcation, then you have at xmath57 and xmath58 (which is the desired conclusion). And since xmath64 is so close to the bifurcation, it is stabilized against perturbations in one direction (the anti-trochloride direction at the bifurcation), and since xmath59 is unstable in the direction orthogonal to the latter. Thus, by increasing xmath46, the symmetric orbit suffers an inverse pitchfork bifurcation at xmath75. (The inequality @ xmath72 indeed holds if xmath73 and xmath74 were equal, see figure 1;) and consequently, by increasing xmath46, the symmetric orbit suffers an inverse pitchfork bifurcation at xmath75 (the inequality xmath72 does not hold if xmath73 and xmath74 were equal, see figure 1 ) , consequently, by increasing xmath46, the symmetric orbit suffered an inverse pitchfork bifurcation at xmath75. [Note to the opposite] , the bifurcations will be computed. [Have you calculated the corresponding formula for the multipliers of @xmath62 ? [Negatives] 1 4] . I have to agree that in this case the system is also defined by '[def]' (It is also, in this case, defined by '(def)' (even if the inequality 'xmath84' is satisfied), the symmetric orbit is stable in the interval of 'xmath85'. , the numerical calculation indicates that the latter is destroyed when xmath46 is too large or when xmath87 is too small. ) Note that invariant circles in two dimensions resulting from the destabilization of a symmetric orbit and their normal form had already been reported in 'xcite ' (see the Figure 2, at which point the pitchfork occurred, the symmetric orbit became unstable, and the non-symmetric orbits were created. ). - *(c) This figure, and the following ones, has a local map, @xmath79 (the source and source of the period doubling cascade) . , if Xmath79 is not there, then the bifurcation at Xmath88, which is the double bifurcation of Xmath9, produces a period - four orbit. - . . . by the chain rule, and since each jacobian at @ xmath98 is diagonal, the corresponding multiplier at @ xmath99 is @ xmath99, the condition that this multiplier equals @ xmath100 determines, if @ xmath44, a co-dimension 1 period doubling bifurcation. in this case, by the numerical calculation, referred to in Fig. 3, we conclude that the phase opposition period - @ xmath94 orbit exists only if the phase opposition period - @ xmath94 orbit does not exist. this, according to the calculation we make in Figure 3, is based on the fact that the succession of bifurcations of a phase opposition orbit does not depend on the period. And, in addition, it follows from figure 3 that at least for @ xmath0 the phase opposition period - @ xmath94 orbit exists only if the phase opposition period - @ xmath98 orbit does not exist. as @ xmath104, this bifurcation only occurs if the phase opposition period - @ xmath98 is oblique, (the local period doubling bifurcation of @ xmath96) . We will now analyze the existence and stability of other periods, at xmath79. These orbits are numerically followed by the durations and the values of xmath35. This proportion of xmath35 is the basis for the synchronization of orbits (see Figure 3 and 8). Thus, the distance between the components of an orbit is indicated by a dyadic distance, which is an index based on the periodicity of the component sextuples. Finally, since the opposition orbits are the first orbits created when parameters are varied from synchronization and since the first orbit created is of period 2 (this means that the necessary and sufficient condition for synchronization is Xmath113), the condition for the existence of the latter. The dyadic distance referred to the value of xmath118 between the components of an orbit, for instance, the coordinates of each component of a synchronized orbit are 0 and those of a phase-opposition orbit are 1 . this dyadic distance is used to characterize the families of periodic orbits that we consider. Hence, we will consider the dyadic distance xmath118 between the components of an orbit, a distance xmath118 corresponds to the coordinates of each component of a synchronized orbit, and the distance xmath118 is a distance xmath118. In this picture the numbers correspond to the order in which the components are visited and the tree structure represents the origin of each component in the bifurcation cascade. If the distance between xmath and xmath is greater than xmath, the orbit is unstable. If xmath 35 is greater, the orbit meets an unstable one at xmath100 in a saddle-node bifurcation, when the larger eigenvalue approaches 1. . . so, between xmath and xmath79, the orbit is unstable. There are two mechanisms for the stability of orbits with distances larger than xmath0. Figure 7 illustrates the typical examples of these phenomena for the case of xmath129. For xmath79, the only symmetric orbits are those between distances 0 and 1. we have seen that the coupling of the orbits stabilizes the orbits at distances larger than 0 at xmath0. the smaller the eigenvalue crosses, the smaller the eigenvalue is. Thus, between the points 1 and 2 the orbit is stable. it disappears at the point 2 when it meets with an unstable orbit of the same period. The order of the succession of bifurcations of orbits with distances of xmath127 is the same as that of the distance 1 . (Thus, the relationship between the eigenvalues is shown in figure 6). For the greater distances, the general variation of the eigenvalues is similar to the situation of xmath129. Xmath134 is simply the square of the multiplier of xmath9 for the periodic orbit. This ratio, from the properties of the feigenbaum-cvitanovic functional equation, implies that the factor of the orbit closest to zero is less, so that the product of the coordinates decreases. This effect is clearly visible on the figure 8 which shows the destabilizing and stabilizing lines for orbits with distances from 1 to 4 . the smaller the dyadic distance between the orbits, the greater the perturbation which the original (one-dimensional) orbits suffer. The contracting effect of the convex coupling tends to bring the orbits back in the hierarchy of period doubling. The less dyadic the distance between the orbits on the axis, the greater the perturbation that the original (one-dimensional) orbits suffer. The less the dyadic distance between the orbits, the greater the perturbation that the original (one-dimensional) orbits suffer . Thus, the greater the distance, the smaller the interval , the greater the modulation of the steady orbits resulting. This effect is clearly evident on the figure 8 showing the stabilizing and destabilizing lines for orbits from 1 to 4. The more dyadic the distance dyadic, the more difficult it will be to adjust the normal orbits. This change in the position of the orbit components causes this interval to decrease, and the combined effect of this decrease and the contraction of the convexity reduces the eigenvalues to the interior of the unit circle and stabilizes the orbits . . . a synchronous orbit (which is therefore unstable) or a reversal with a greater xmath-140. It is to this that the average is computed @ xmath-142. Note that in the figure 9 there is more than one point for each pair @ xmath-142 which corresponds to non-symbolical orbits with the same dyadic distance. Note, too, that in figure 9, there is more than one point for each pair @ xmath-142 which corresponds to non-equal orbits with the same dyadic distance. The corresponding averages are illustrated in Figure 9 as follows: “In this case, at least, there are such undoubtedly at least _____ of distinguishable stable periodic orbits as @ xmath-142; but the least uncorrelated number is still, not an infinite number. However, the number of variables given by @ xmath-142 is a low bound on the number of distinct stable periodic orbits, since we have studied only the orbits which correspond to the same time period.