The air-filled silicon-clad carbon fibers (see fig. ), are known to have various optical properties that are quite different from the standard pcfs. But pcfs have, of course, some similarities to the normal fibers, for example the susceptibility to macro-bending. In this paper we take up the problem and demonstrate how macro-bending loss is accurately calculated with high accuracy by comparing the various hypotheses. In pcfs, the air-silica layer clad in silica (see fig. Fig. 1) contributes to a variety of new phenomena, including a large-mode area (lma) which is always single-mode. This, however, is not a simple task, and usually requires the full numerical solution of maxwell's equations, and the addition of a phenomenological free parameter, e.g. a effective core radius .. , in this paper we follow the technique of sakai and kimura (as well as the principle of sakai and kimura, but from the opposite side. A system for measuring the sum of the radii of the L-ma-diacus consists of a triangular arc and a solid core, formed by a single hole in the center of the structure. [Figure 2] The predicted function is the exact dependence of the critical bending radius. It is important to note that the prediction is based on the empirical relations for the L-ma-diacus — xcite and xcite—for the L-ma-diacus — and so are not required. , a computation is needed. , in the normal system, the pcf is operated very close to the cut-off position, where L-ma-diacus is a block of straight, and a hole at the center of the whole is a single solitary hole, as shown in fig. . . . , fig. . [2] . . [3] , fig. 4 . for the lma-diacus and lma-diacus, respectively. for the lma-diacus . . . and for the micro-bending losses. . . . they have been measured in a radii of 8 cm and 16 cm and the results are shown in fig. , 50 m. d. nielsen, thanks to the support of the danish academy of technical sciences ... 22 51 In optical systems, which employ photonic crystals, the starting point is the bending-loss formula for a gaussian mode in a standard-fibre fiber @ xcite @ xmath23 where xmath8 is the effective area, xmath24 is the core radius, xmath7 is the bending radius, and the standard-fibre parameters are ascribed to eq . ( alpha1 ) and v . pcf . m . . . . . m . . . and v . pcf .