I don't know whether you're thinking about it, but I'm still talking about the process of multi-scale dynamics. Multi-scale dynamics is present in a number of phenomena, e.g., turbulence, finance, geosciences, etc. to name a few. Note that for the self-similarity process, e.g., fractional brownian motion, fbm, the measured @ xmath0 is linear with @ xmath12, whereas for the multi-scale process, e.g., the turbulent velocity, it is usually convex with @ xmath12 . Other methods are available to get the scaling exponent. They include , for example, wavelet-based methodologies (e.g., wavelet-leaders, wavelet transform modulus maxima @ xcite), hilbert-based methods @ xcite, or the scaling of probability density function based on velocity increment . The classical sfs are known to mix information of the large ( resp. infrared) and the small ( resp. in ultraviolet) structures. The corresponding exponent, a dimension, is therefore biased when the large energetic structure is present. xcite has already studied the influence of the large structure by many authors . . . for example, Praskvosky et al., for example, found strong correlations between the large scale and the velocity sfs, on all the scales. huang et al., for example, found strong correlations between the large scale and the velocity sfs at all length scales . . . for example, praskvosky et al., found strong correlations between the large scale and the velocity sfs, at all scales. . . . The process is proposed as detrending analysis of the structure function (dsf) at the physical level. Afterwards, blum et al., ... xcite systematically tested the large-scale structure conditioned sfs for different turbulent flows. They showed that in different turbulent flows, the conditioned sfs is strongly dependent on the large-scale structure at all scales. This procedure is called a detrending analysis (da). By doing this, scales larger than @ xmath2 are removed or constrained. Thus, the da acts as a high-pass filter in the physical domain. Note that they conditioned sfs on different intensity of @ xmath15 . . . in this paper a detrended structure function (dsf) is proposed to extract the scaling exponents @ xmath0. This procedure is called a detrending analysis (da) . so that scales larger than @ xmath2 are expected to be eliminated or constrained. The moment of Xmath16 is then defined within the window width xmath2 . the specified value is the @ xmath12th order dsf. a dsf with the dimension xmath12th dsf is introduced as the dsf . , it is found that the dsfs are of equal magnitude and singularity with those given in the original dsfs. The dsfs were first validated by means of a fractional Brownian Motion (fbm) and a lognormal Process with an invariant parameter @ xmath17, for mono-fractal and multi-fractal processes. The dsf was first validated by means of a synthetic fractional Brownian Motion (fbm) and a lognormal Process with an intermittent parameter @ xmath17 for both mono-fractal and multifractal processes. The height of the @xmath19rd-order Dsf was fixed at xmath21. The lognormal model, with its intermittent parameter of xmath4, agrees very well with the lognormal model, which has a singularity-mode of frequency . . . the detrending of xmath29 (discontinuity spectrum of xmath4) agrees very well with the lognormal model with an intermittent parameter xmath9 . Note that the exponents are extracted directly, without resorting to the extended self-similarity (ess) technique. This method is general and could be applied to different kinds of data, which may be the basis of multiscale and multifractal concepts. . . . . . And the kinetic energy of the xmath37 directly corresponds to the fourier power spectrum, i.e., xmath38, in which xmath39 and xmath40 are the fourier power spectrum of xmath37 . in this way, the da procedure is a high-pass filter in the physical domain. Ideally, scales larger than xmath2 are removed or constrained from the original data xmath22. Here, again, we are referring to the da procedure as a high-pass filter, in which the lower fourier modes xmath41 ( resp. xmath36) are to be removed or constrained from the original data xmath22. The above-mentioned analysis of the configuration can therefore be applied to remove or suppress the large-scale influence, known as the infrared effect. This can be used to redefine the sf in order to remove or suppress the big-scale structure effect as follows. A half-width of the window size, for instance, is defined by a new dimension. vejk . . .  xmath42 . . . The physical meaning of vejk is quite clear. We repeat that the da acts as a high-pass filter in the physical domain, and the intermittency nature of vejk remains intact. a +12p-order dsf is defined, in a window of size xmath2, as , i. e. , xmath42, where , , , ,  (respectively the scale range xmath46 ) . It is found experimentally that when @xmath53 eqs. ([eq] dsf] and [eq] rdsf] are applied, they give the same dsfs. a power-lawful action is expected, i.e., @xmath50, where @xmath51 is the local average of the * xmath30 segment. Xmath53 to xmath54 to get negative orders (viz., the right part of the singularity spectrum, see definitions below) the dsfs can be redefined as, i.e., @xmath53 to get negative orders (respectively the right part of the singularity spectrum, see definition below) the dsfs can be redefined as , i.e., @xmath53, in which @xmath53 is the local average for the @xmath30th segment. Ideally, scales larger than xmath2 , i.e., xmath57 (and if not xmath57), will be removed after the detrending process. Ideally, the detrended scale xmath2 is shown by a vertical solid line with xmath39. note that an integral constant is neglected in eq. . (eq. : weight) . To understand better the property of the detrending procedure and the dsfs, we introduce here a weight function xmath58, i.e. xmath59, in which xmath25 is the fourier spectrum of xmath22, and xmath60 is a second-order moment, which is one of xmath44 or xmath61 or xmath62, respectively. At the bottom of the fourier spectrum there is an element of small scale (reflecting, as it were, the high frequency fourier mode) – which increases the contribution of the small scale (respecting, above all, the high frequency fourier mode) to the contribution of the sfs. Compared with the original sfs, the dsfs defined here can reduce or suppress the large scale effect. Fig. 18 shows the corresponding dsfs for the sf, the detrending analysis, and the dsf, respectively. The detrended dsfs (respecting the combination of the da and dsf) have a corresponding weight function, i.e., dsf56. Similarly, the summation of the dsfs, i.e., dsf-60, is illustrated by a vertical line, i.e., dsf-60. The above argument is quite correct for linear and stationary processes. In fact, the data are always nonlinear and nonstationary, see a more detailed discussion in ref. ref. ref. xcite. - Inset: the singularity spectrum @ xmath70 on the range @ xmath71 . this is the main reason why we define the velocity increment with the half width of the window width @ xmath2 . - So, eq. (eq. Weight) is a detrending method that is very suitable for many kinds of data. - In our study, we only consider the Xmath1st-order polynomial detrending procedure, which is very efficient for many types of data. Therefore, we describe eq. (eq. : weight) in the most ideal way . - The error bar is the standard deviation estimated from 100 realizations. "-sent-- and xmath73 . . . Both methods provide the same xmath74 and xmath4 and statistical error. The power law is observed on a large range of scales for xmath78 . . . first of all, we consider the fractional brownian motion as a typical mono-scale process. Fbm is a gaussian process, similar to the ordinary distribution, and characterized by xmath75 , namely hurst number xmath75 . . . It is also not surprising that the measured singularity spectrum of xmath4 is always represented in a narrow band. Figure [fig.4] shows the measured singularity spectrum of xmath4 for sfs (@ xmath80) and dsfs (@ xmath81) for xmath78, in which the graph shows the singularity spectrum of xmath4 estimated on the range of xmath82 . . . in practice this ratio is often taken as @ xmath87 , in practice it is often taken as xmath87 xcite . . . . but, in practice, the measured singularity spectrum of xmath83 always lies in a narrow band. And so, in the process of matrix-checking (e.g., matrix-checking) at step Xmath90 (math91), at step Xmath92 cells are retrieved. Following the multifractal random walk idea @xcite, a nonstationary multifractal time series can be synthesized in , i.e., @xmath98, where xmath99 is a brownian motion. Taking a lognormal statistic for xmath98, the ratio parameter Xmath10 is a polarisation parameter (Xmath10), characterizing the lognormal multifractal cascade of @xcite. There are a total of 100 realizations. We would like to discuss the performance of these two estimators . . . In the synthetic multifractal time series, according to eq., there is an infrequent parameter for each xmath level, corresponding to a data length of xmath104. Figure Figure 1 shows the obtained theoretical singularity spectra of xmath4 from the experimental homogeneous, almost isotropic turbulent flow . . . and -at xmath105 from the experimental homogeneous and nearly isotropic turbulent flow . . . . and xmath105 from experimental, homogeneous, nearly isotropic turbulent flow . . . then the statistical error is measured as the standard deviation of these realizations. The data of these two estimators are synthesized, for they have no intrinsic structure in them, but for real data, as we have already mentioned above, they possess nonstationary and nonlinear structures . . . therefore, as we have just mentioned, they might have different performances. It is a third-orderd method with a (0-1) 0 % and a % % % absolute value. This is to say, a % % % % % % % % % - absolute value, and a % % % % - % % - % - % - % - and %% -% absolute value, and the corresponding %% % % , and a % and a % and a % respectively - the height of the inertial range is - - - --111 - --110 , - xmath111 , - xmath111 , - xmath113 , - xmath21 - --110 , - in which the statistical error is the standard deviation of the inertial range. -gi-h114 , -gi-h117 and -gi-h118 , the error bar is the standard deviation of 120 realizations. The statistical error is 95 % confidence of the inertial range . . . ] - that is, the coefficient of error is the 95 % confidence of the inertial range . . . - we consider here a velocity database derived from a high-reynolds number wind tunnel experiment in the johns-hopkins university, with a reynolds number of xmath17 . the subtraction tachymeters are placed at the middle height and along the center line of the wind tunnel to record the turbulent velocity for 30 seconds in the same amount. The measurement is repeated for thirty times. ... since we apply the taylor's frozen hypothesis to the data, we see the curves at xmath123 in order. – To estimate the inertial range in real space, we plot the measured compensated 3rd-order moments in fig. (fFig. 3.) — that is, if we add in the periods of the sfs (@ xmath126 with (@ xmath81) and without (@ xmath81) absolute value) and for the dsfs (@ xmath106 with (@ xmath107) absolute value) , respectively. - This corresponds to the time scales of xmath7 . Note that we convert our results into spatial space by applying the taylors frozen hypothesis. More information about this database can be found in ref. The corresponding height and scaling exponent are @ xmath21 with absolute value ( resp. @ xmath113 without absolute value) and @ xmath127 ( resp. @ xmath128) respectively. Note that the Kolmogorov four-fifth law expresses a linear relation with respect to @ xmath110. It is interesting to note that, despite of the sign, we have a [xmath110] on nearly two-year scales. The statistical error is the standard deviation of the range xmath110. The corresponding height and scaling exponent is @ xmath21 with absolute value ( resp. @ xmath113 without absolute value) and @ xmath127 ( resp. @ xmath128), respectively. The latter gives an equivalence, if it was not an illusion, if it were an illusion, but an equivalence, a space which is controlled and accounted for by the larger scale. The equivalence, that is, the inertial range, thereby represents a more precise indicator of the inertial range, since it removes / constrains the large-scale influence. For the equivalence, the equivalences of equivalences of equivalences of equivalences of equivalence, on the range of equivalences of equivalences, are estimated directly. For the equivalences of equivalences, we calculate the equivalences of equivalences of equivalences of equivalences of equivalences of equivalences, which have an error bar of a standard deviation from 120 realizations, are indicated in the figure. The two sets of curves represent a solid line, the lognormal model, with an intermittent parameter @ equivalence_1 and the equivalence_9_, are shown in a solid line. “Rafi’s left part is also a good one: the left part is also very good. This is a good one: in fig. [135]” it’s a good sign. In a large scale context, when xmath134 exceeds xcite, the xmath04 - xmatter is overestimated, and the left part of the singularity spectrum is overestimated. This has been interpreted as having suppressed the finite reynolds number effect. in this paper we introduce a detrended structure function analysis, which, without resorting to the ess method, gives us the scaling exponent @ xmath0 ( resp. singularity spectrum @ xmath4), without resorting to the ess method. we show here that, if one takes away or constrains the influence of large-scale motions, one can obtain the scaling exponent @ xmath0 ( resp. singularity spectrum @ xmath4) without resorting to the ess technique. in the first step of our proposal, the orthogonal proportion of the fluxes from @xmath1 is subtracted from a window size of @xmath2; by this action the larger scales, i.e., @xmath136, will be reduced / constrained. In the second step, a step increment is defined by a half of the window size. The numerical test proves that dsfs and dsfs models give the same results for synthesized processes without a structure. This dsfs and dsfs are in line with the range expected by the Fourier spectrum , which is known as the infrared effect. The numerical test demonstrates that both dsfs and dsfs models have comparable results for synthesised processes without any intrinsic structures. The dsfs are biased by the large scale structures, known as the infrared effect. - it has a smaller inertial range and underestimates the 3rd order scaling exponent @ xmath114 . the scaling exponents @ xmath0 are then estimated directly without recourse to the ess technique. The method we have developed is general and applicable to complex dynamical systems in which the multi-scale statistics are relevant . the classical sfs overestimate the left-part singularity spectrum @ xmath4 (while underestimating the corresponding scaling exponents @ xmath0) on the range @ xmath138 . the corresponding singularity spectrum @ xmath4 by the dsfs fully recovers the lognormal model with an intermittent parameter at xmath9 on the range @ xmath69 . Nevertheless, the classical sfs overestimate the left-part singularity spectrum @ xmath4 (here he underestimated the corresponding scaling exponents @ xmath0) on the range @ xmath138 . ‘this work was sponsored by the national natural science foundation of china under grants (no. 11072139, 11032007, 11161160554, 11272196, 11202122 and 11332006) and by the Chang’an Idea Park, at no. 11zz87. We thank Prof. Schmitt for his useful comments and suggestions. We thank Professor Meneveau for his experimental velocity database, which is available for download at: c. meneveau ’s web site: http://www. meneveau ’s web page / edu/ meneveau ’s data. Y . h. thanks Prof. Schmitt for his helpful comments and suggestions. f. schmitt, y. huang, z. lu, y. liu, and n. fernandez for their helpful comments and suggestions. a multifractal formalism for fractal signals: a structure-function approach and a wavelet-transform modulus-maximum method – Phys. e 43 ( 1993) – pp. 875884 . y . huang, f. g. schmitt, j. p. hermand, y . gagne, z . lu, y . liu, a sweeping decorrelation in turbulent systems – praskovsky, e . b . gledzer, m . y . karyakin, and y . huang, f. g. schmitt, j . p. hermand, y . gagne, z . lu, and y . liu, a arbitrary-order hilbert spectral analysis for time series having scaling statistics: comparison with detrended fluctuation analysis and the directional leaders of wavelets ” , phys. fluids 265 (2011) , p. 125101 . p. 493. n. huang, z. shen, s. long, m. wu, h. shih, q. zheng, n. yen, c. tung, and h. liu. , n. huang, z. shen, s. long, m. wu, h. shih, q. zheng, n. yen, c. tung, and h. liu, ”the present hypothesis and m. p. inertial scale interactions in high-reynolds number flows , ”ref. a. inertia and hilbert spectrum for time series. london, ser. a. 454 (1998), pp. 903995 .