This is a very important problem for time series data, among others. For the classification of the data, a well-known 1 nearest neighbor, 1 nn, with dynamic time-warping (dtw) distance is one of the best classes, among other methods, such as SVM, Artificial Neural Network (AN), and Decision Trees - xcite. To determine a suitable distance, all possible widths of the global constraint are tested, and the band with the highest training accuracy is chosen. Initially, the s-c band (s-c band) was introduced to speed up the dtw calculation, and then the dtw band was introduced to increase the dtw parameter, but now it has been introduced to make a dtw global constraint, with a little 10 % of the length of the time series. Also, r-c band (s-c band) @ xcite was introduced in the speech community, and the width of the global constraint was set at a ratio of 10 % of the length of the time series. The main feature of the r-c band (r-k band) is the multi-band nature, where the total number of bands is limited by the length of the time series. , in addition to a number of recent work, Xcite has revealed that the accuracy of the classifier is mainly dependent on this global constraint, and the size of the constraint depends on the nature of the data at hand. . . . then a lesser band, lb. keogh@xcite, is used in the prediction, which was a significant part of the predicting process, to classify the unlabeled data. In the next section, a more detailed description is given of our proposed research. In our discussion of this, the following are: . . . Dynamic Time Warping Distance, Squash Chiba Band (Squash Chiba) , Aratanamahatana-keogh Band (Ryanahatana Band) and Sibana Band (Ryana Band) , and the silhouette Index. The two new methods for achieving this goal are: the band boundary extraction method, the chiba band (squashchiba band) , the ratanamahatana band (ryanaband) and the silhouette index, which are described in the following sections. 6 5The first step of our method is to calculate the distance, and then, by means of the matrix, calculate the distance, and the second step - the dynamic time warping distance, 0ma, which is a well-known similarity measure, chooses the least distance between two time series. “It’s an ideal solution for a problem like this, because it will try to find the least distance , it will try to find the least distance, it may not be an ideal solution. In reality, dtw may not be the most accurate mapping according to our need, because it will try its best to find the minimum distance , it may generate an unwanted path , for example, in figure [Dtw1] @ xcite it will find its optimal mapping between two time series . . . , we can also address the problem by using the global constraint , sakoe-chiba band and itakura parallelogram @ xcite , the recent representation ratanamahatana band @ k band, ratanamahatana band – r-k band , the present figure [Dtw2] @ xcite shows an example of each type. To find the optimal mapping we can choose the path that is a minimum distance at (@ xmath15) and that is defined as: @ xmath16, where @ xmath17 is the set of all possible warping paths, if xmath18 is (@ xmath6) a warping path, and if xmath20 is the length of the warping path. : The use of algorithm for spoken word recognition. : 3 (3) : 9-12, 2005. chotirat ann ratanamahatana and eamonn j. keogh. segmentation of time-series data with a tree of feature-based knowledge. In _The 4th siam international conference on data mining (sdm 2004) , pp. 1122, Lake Buenavista, FL, usa, april 21-24, 2004. alex nanopoulos, rob alcock, and yannis manolopoulos. In _The fourth siam international conference on data mining (sdm 2004), pp. 1122, Lake Buenavista, fl, usa, april 22 - 24 2004. juan jos rodrguez, rob alcock, and yannis manolopoulos. : et cetera et cetera. acoustic hierarchies of time-series classification . . .