- and if a symmetric, or hermitian, matrix of xmath0 is so that its entries @ xmath1 and @ xmath2 are non-zero, if and only if vertices @ xmath3 and @ xmath4 are connected on the same tree, then the matrix @ xmath0 is said to be associated with the tree. as usual, a tree is a graph where any pair of vertices are connected by only one path without repeating vertices. a fundamental property of such matrices is that the number of non-zero elements in each row and column remains indeterminate or grows very slowly over the scale of the matrix when the matrix is increased. The simplest way to determine such relationships on a tree is to use the easily verified identity (often called the schur complement) which states that for any matrix @ xmath0 you have @ xmath9, where @ xmath10 is the green function, but for the matrix @ xmath11 obtained from @ xmath11 by means of @ xmath7 the matrix - from @ xmath0 will be called the inininininininininnininininnin ninn for example, the innninnnnmfrm1. You can apply the following general formula to a matrix, which is obtained from xmath0, by removing two linked sites, xmath12 and xmath14, but since we are on a tree, xmath16 is the same whether we delete only xmath14 or all its ancestors; therefore, we need only indicate the last site which has been removed. In principle, xmath16 in the right-hand side of this equation is the green function element for a matrix obtained from xmath0, by removing two connected sites, xmath12 and xmath14, but because we are on a tree, xmath16 is the same whether we remove only xmath14 or all its ancestors, and it is sufficient to indicate only the last removed site. In this case, because of the incongruous nature of different sub-trees, eq. for all xmath14, eq. means that the random variable xmath26 has the same distribution. For this case, because of the disjoint nature of different sub-trees, eq. for all xmath14 consists only of variables xmath19 from the sub-tree to which xmath19 belongs . the general numerical solution of the tree equation will be described below. The method of numerical solvation of the tree equation will be discussed below as the tree equation. There are three main types of tree problems which are based on three possible sources of randomness in the tree equation: the first is the standard tree with a fixed coordinate number and only diagonal disorder (i.e. all, xmath25, are random variables and xmath28) . a typical example of such problems is the random graph, where each vertex has the same number of neighbors, as in a tree with a fixed coordinate number, but where the boundary shell, which is present in finite trees, is absent (see e.g. e. g. e. e. e. e. e. e. e. e. g. e. e. g. e. e. g. e. g. e. g. e. g. e. e. g. e. e. e. e. g. e. e. g. e. g. e. g. e. g. e. g. e. g. e. g. e. g. e. g. e. e. e. g. e. e. e. e. i . d . e. e. all xmath25 is a random variable and e. e. The second type of solution consists in a reduction of the energy in the order of the same number, that is, a reduction of the imaginary part of the energy by an imaginary part. The latter is of the kind usually used in the case of trees with a large number of trees, but sometimes good results are obtained at small numbers. Here, for the sake of simplicity, we are limiting ourselves to the actual values of the energy. The purpose of this note is to give an approximate answer to the spectral density of typical trees in order to approximate the arithmetic solution of the tree equation. This equation, in fact, is not new and has been widely used for the calculation of the mean spectral density of trees with large and small coordination numbers. The first one is the equilibrium of the energy, - math37. After setting some definitions in the math37 you can make a definition of the energy with math37 . . . At this point we will simply apply the modified effective medium approximation discussed in Section 2. Figure 2. The results of regular trees with diagonal disorder are given by the so-called single defect approximation proposed in Section 2. section 3. the results of regular graphs with diagonal disorder are as follows: the result is the so-called single defect approximation proposed in Section 2. the results of these models are best obtained by means of the modified effective medium approximation discussed in Section 2. section 3.10 takes the case of regular graphs with diagonal disorder. The tree equation states that for the probability density of a real xmath52 the probability density of a given xmath52 is satisfied by the equation xmath53 or equivalent, the eigenvalues of a given xmath0 correspond to values of xmath36, where xmath55 is singular . The hypothesis of this note (to be explained in the following section) is that the approximate solution of the xmath equation is useful, flexible and general in the calculation of the mean spectral density in various uniform tree-like models. As discussed in the introduction, this method merely relates to real solutions of xmath53. The probability density of variable xmath46 is given by some function xmath47 and that of variable xmath49 by a function xmath49. The probability density of variable xmath46 is given by some function xmath47, and that of variable xmath49 by a function xmath49. It is well known that one can calculate the mean spectral density directly from the distribution of the distribution of xmath47, which is a solution of the tree equation, or from the formula of xmath49. It is simple, physically transparent, it is not complicated, it does not need extensive numerical calculations, and the result is always good. This equation can be further clarified by arguing that for large xmath33 terms (which, as we will see below, is the parameter which controls this type of approximation) the sum over xmath20 terms in eq. can be approximated by the sum over xmath33 terms, so that from this formula it is concluded that the mean spectral density takes the form @xmath70, and that is the result is that the mean spectral density is @xmath70. Physically this solution is a kind of mean field and many such equations are obtained by arguing that the random variable xmath52 distributed according to xmath47 in accordance with xmath47 varies slowly around its mean value  xmath64 (see e.g.  xcite ) is slowly circulating around its mean value  xmath64 (see e.g.  xcite ). to further simplify this expression, one can simply say that for large xmath33 (which, as we have seen, is the parameter that control this type of approximation) the sum over xmath20 terms in eq . is a square factor, and the sum of xmath20 terms in eq . is a square factor of xmath33 the above Mean Field approach is equivalent to the assumption that the function @ xmath47 can be approximated by the symmetrical cauchy distribution @ xmath74 with real parameters, xmath75 and xmath76, and xmath78 . . . so that if, in the right-hand side of the equation, @ xmath47 is replaced by the corresponding cauchy distribution @ xmath91, the numerical equivalent of @ xmath90 will give an exact functional equivalent to @ xmath92, as for @ xmath93 in general @ xmath 94 . . . the above mean-field approach is equivalent to the assumption that the function @ xmath47 can be approximated by the symmetric cauchy distribution @ xmath74, with parameters @ xmath75 and @ xmath76 of the real parameters, @ xmath77, and @ xmath78 . . . such an approximate solution of @ xmath98 for small arguments @ xmath99 is obtained by replacing @ xmath97 with @ xmath100 , this second, a first, a first order approximation of the characteristic function of @ xmath92, and in general @ xmath94 , for example, when xmath97 is added to eq., you will get the first order approximation of xmath49, which is the first order approximation of xmath107. It is thus obtained either from this expression and eq., or directly from eq. ; if we define xmath107, then eq. can be rewritten at xmath108 where the average is taken over xmath24 and the xmath109 ; and the next iteration can be calculated in the same way. a few formulas are useful to be mentioned. , it is interesting to note that the local green function has also a cauchy distribution, see e. g. - xcite . - (it is interesting to note that in the usual ensemble of randommatrices the local green function also has a cauchy distribution, see e. g. ) if we take the Xmath98 equation, then eq. can be rewritten, with the eq. equation, as the zeroth order approximation of xmath47 and the first iteration as the first order approximation . - The result is that the average of i i i d . random variables is the distribution of the law xmath47. The equation is the average of a set of i . i . d. random variables with i . i . d . random variables with i . . d . random variables with i . . d . random variables with i . . d . random variables in accordance with i . . . ; this is the formulation of the equation discussed in xcite and later investigated in many places (see xcite and corresponding sections) . , it means that the normal distribution of the sum of i . . . . random variables is equal to the stable distribution known to us. if the second moment is finite, the limiting distribution is the Gaussian . for the heavy tail distributions, when the second moment does not exist, the limiting distribution is one of the levy distributions. 2det in c. . for the heavy tail distributions, if the second moment does not exist, the limiting distribution is one of the capital distributions. if the ratios xmath125 and xmath124 are considered, the mean spectral density is to be calculated from eq., in this case, eq.  104. For a general distribution of angular elements, such as xcite, parameters xmath76 and xmath75 can be calculated numerically from eq. , qualitatively, they have a shape (as a function of xmath36) similar to . . . to be sure of stability, it is convenient to use a slightly different algorithm,  133, with a certain  134  . to provide stability, it is convenient to use a slightly different algorithm,   133,   -  - ,  - Fig. - fig. Fig. diag - 0 . 3 - fig. fig. Fig. -  diag - 0 . . A column of stippling lines, in the form of a column of stippling lines, indicates the zeroth order of the stipplings. ) The result of the table consists of a w. 0 . 3 graph of the numbers Xmath144, Xmath143, and Xmath143, for each xmath144 and of the xmath36 scales, is calculated for each xmath144 and of the xmath36, by the direct numerical solution of the equation. For all the following cases, the first order approximation of xmath106 is qualitatively and qualitatively in agreement with the direct numerical solution of the equation. The results for various disorder strengths are shown in Fig. , w – 0 – 3 and w – 12 . For each xmath144 and of each xmath36 scale, we calculate the zeroth order and the first order approximations. For the most small values of xmath144 (fig. w – 0 – 3), the two approximations are almost the same, but for the most large values they are clearly different . - [74] - [75] - From fig. - [79] - from fig. - [75] - black circles show direct numerical solutions of the tree equation by entropy. [77] [75] [81] as a rule, the choice of the cauchy distribution for the zeroth order is arbitrary (this is only the asymptotical property) , but, according to the general central limit theorem, the zeroth order convolution, at xmath73, is in the bulk universal and does not require the details of the initial function. therefore, the density of the value of the first order of the equation is better described by the lowest order approximation than by those directly relating to the first order. ' ' As was discussed in the 'Attribution' field, the choice of the cauchy distribution as the zeroth order approximation is to a large extent arbitrary (the mere asymptotics are irrelevant) . [ Fig . diag . . ] and from fig . . . , the -s-distance is defined as a function of square roots of the 'hi', which means that the hi's density is reduced to -0.3. The densities of -hi' and hi' -hi's density are given by eqs. — - i. e.g. - be. ) - the relationship of xmath160 to the mean field becomes a first order of the convolution Xmath169, and it is possible to obtain the solution of eq. by aq. in this equation. — - aq. aq. - aq. - iii. - - q. - rho - mema -  ] The one and only solution in the equation is the one which was proposed in section . - - aq. - in this regime reads . . . . . , reads . . . - the point of the second iteration of the cauchy function is now expressed as . . . . - the factor in question is the order of the half -fold convolution, eq. , the fraction of the half, which is given by eq. is, as xmath167 . . . . In all cases considered, the first order approximation is in a better agreement with the numerical simulations. This better agreement of the first order approximation of xmath 47 was the reason for our calculating the number of values of energy . . . the graph Fig. Fig. v. Fig. v. if the numerical simulations were not performed, the first order approximation was estimated by the direct method . . . for the gaussian disorder of xmath 158 , the second order approx. xmath189 for xmath190, the third order approx. - introducing the density of xmath 180 of xmath 180 of xmath44, defining xmath182 as xmath183 and xmath184 as xmath183 . Note that since xmath185 and xmath186, you have xmath187 . - The values of xmath180 and xmath179 are incorporated into the matrix as xmath180 with xmath179. - Red triangles to xmath178 and blue squares to xmath143 . . . “This corresponds to the direct numerical calculation of the mean spectral density. There are no other equivouchements. It is clear that the first-order ratio is better than the first-order ratio in terms of the density of each set of factors. It is clear that the first-order ratio corresponds much more accurately to the distribution of the mean-field density than the first-order ratio. Solid black lines indicate the results of a direct numerical solution of the tree equation. * dashed blue lines indicate the zeroth-order ratio with parameters obtained from the mean-field equation.  a  for regular graphs with xmath146 and off-axis, at different energies: a  for xmath146 and off-axis, at different energies: a  for xmath146 and off-axis, at different energies: a  for xmath146 and off-axis, at different energies: a  for xmath146 and off-axis, at different energies: a  for xmath154, a  for xmath154  - b  for regular graphs with xmath146 and off-axis, at different energies: a  for xmath146 and off-axis, at different energies: a  for xmath146 and off-axis, at different energies: a A black line shows the results of a direct numerical solution of the tree equation. Struck blue lines indicate the absolute zeroth order (cassal) approximation to the parameters obtained from the mean-field equation. In the same way, it is possible to investigate the general case of regular graphs with diagonal and off-axis disorders. (A) Pastur proved in Xcite that, in the range of xmath199 and under certain mild conditions, the mean green function of xmath203 obeys the equation of xmath204, and as we have just described, the graph is identical to a regular graph with coordination number xmath205. The case is equal to a regular graph with a corresponding coordination number xmath205 . . . since, from the definition xmath207, it is easy to find that eq. coincides with the mean field equation, which confirms the universality of the equation. We have studied the mean spectral density for random regular graphs, finding an approximate solution of the tree equation which is associated with these graphs. It is general and valid for any form of normal tree-like model. One solution to this is to a so-called cauchy distribution, whose parameters are calculated with no special exception. Iterations of the initial cauchy distribution give the next order approximations. When one finds a satisfactory approximation of the solution of the tree equation, one can calculate the mean spectral density by one of the formulas relating it to the solution of the tree equation (see section "introduction") . As for the solution of the tree equation itself, the first approximation always represents much closer to the numerical solution obtained by the belief propagation than the first approximation of the tree equation. It is indeed quite natural, therefore, that the mean spectral density of a random graph is related to the solution of an equation which, in a strictly speaking, is valid only for corresponding trees, and this is quite natural and can be proved rigorously in certain cases without disorder and with diagonal disorder . . . however, the corresponding discrepancies in the mean spectral density are usually only noticeable at small numbers. m. l. mehta, random matrix theory (springer, new york, 1990) , r . . . “By a of the popular pronouncements of the astrologer, the first lesson is given to the sceptic. “Such as, whence the request of the thieving epoch could be given? B. d. Mckay, j. lin, j. lin. “Different non-gaussian random processes,” (Edenfeld, oxford university press, 1979) ; e ; m. m. mzard and a. montanari, e ; eur ; l . geisinger, arxiv: 1305 . 7789 (2013) ; a ; a , a ; a ; a ; a ; a ; a ; a ; a ; a ; a , a , a ; an , a, a , a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a , a, a ; a, a, a , a, a, m ; a , a, a, a, a, a , a, a, a, a, c, a, a, a, a, m, tarzia, p. xiv : 1305 , 1039 ; 2013 ; b , d . gnedenko, - d. fyodorov and i. williams, j . stat . phys . - 129 - 1116 (2007) - a. khorunzny and g. j rodgers, rep. - 138 - 297 - 319 (1998) - a. khorunzny and g. j rodgers, rep. - t.