if the sunspot number is fluctuated continuously, the time of the individual cycles and the strength of the cycles is always random; so, in other words, the shorter cycles have shorter ones and vice versa. Then, we want to look at the irregularities of the solar cycle by the method of flux transport dynamo (Che choudhuri et al., 1995; dikpati et al., 1999; Chatterjee et al., 2004). – it is said that there is an anti-conformity between the rise time and the peak number; and the process is a natural phenomenon, known as waldmeier effect. According to this model, the atmospheric content of the sunspots is an important element, which is not properly constrained; so that several groups use different values of the transverse component, and so there are two types of transverse component: high diffusivity and low diffusivity. In the first case, the value of transverse component is usually called at xmath3 @ xmath4 s @ xmath5 (see jiang et al. 2007 and yeates et al. 2008) ; whereas in the second case, it is called at xmath6 @ xmath4 s @ xmath5 s " The spectral period of the solar cycle is to be considered as the period of the time in the body of the period in which it occurs (and this is the most important source of randomness), in which the poloidal field is strongly determined, and the meridional circulation is strongly determined by the strength of the meridional circulation. Hence the main sources of randomness in the dynamo of the flux are the stochastic fluctuations in the making of a poloidal field and the stochastic fluctuations in the meridional circulation. In this study we analyse the effects of these fluctuations. – The number of periods in the solar cycle is, as follows, a variation of period (in milliseconds) and of period (in days) – the number of periods (in ms) and of the number of periods (in days) . , ta: the number of the periods in the solar cycle (in ms) , the number of the observed periods . . . (c) Figure 10 presents the maximum number of the theoretical and observed periods, respectively (in the c) showing the peak number of the observed sunspot and the peak number of the observed sunspot. Note that we did not try to accurately match the periods of the last cycle, which is a bit difficult . ‘, so we see that the field of fluxes and the field of the convection are the two main sources of irregularity in this model. The dipole-shaped field in the flux transport model is generated by the stretching of the poloidal field in the convection zone. Hence, if the dipole-shaped field is very high, it may become very dissipated and so it is less likely to enter the convection zone for the inducting dipole-shaped field. Therefore, when we decrease the value of the dipole-shaped field to match the duration of the convectional cycle, the dipole-shaped field is able to diffuse more slowly in the convection zone. Therefore, the longer the convectional period, the stronger the toroidal field, and the cycle is stronger. This is why, when we reduce the value of the dipole-shaped field in the high-dipole model to match the duration of the longer cycle, the dipole-shaped field is able to diffuse less in the convection zone, and thus it produces a stronger toroidal field and the cycle becomes stronger. However, this is not the case in the low-dipole model, because the dipole-shaped fields of this model are not so important. Therefore, we have to study the poloidal field in the mid-convectional line . We have seen that the stochastic fluctuations in the process and the stochastic fluctuations in the market are the two main sources of irregularities in this model. We have seen that the processes of the process and the stochastic fluctuations in the market are the two main sources of irregularities in this model. “At the beginning of the last phase of the last cycle of the sun, we observe that the toroidal field of the toroidal zone is slightly smaller than the southern one. (the deviation is marked by a red triangle in the top of the convection zone) ; in Fig. m (b) the diagram of the numbers of sunspots; whereas in Fig. m (b) the diagram of the toroidal field of the toroidal field at latitude 15 m5 at the bottom of the convection zone. The detail of this study can be found in karak et choudhuri (2011) . in the decaying phase of the last sunspot cycle before the minimum, we decrease the value of @ m for a short time, and then increase it again to the usual value, but at different rates in two hemispheres . In fig. m, a, the insect diagram of the toroidal field of sunspots, whereas in fig. m, a, m, we obtain the theoretical results of the maundering episode . , we have found that by varying the meridional circulation with suitable stochastic fluctuations, we can reproduce a number of important irregularities in the solar cycle, including the waldmeier effect and the maundering effect of the grand minimum. Nevertheless, if we do not change the gravity of the field a little, then we can reproduce the maundering effect of the grand minimum in a medium level of meridional circulation. However, the whole study, which is in a later part ( Chatterjee, Nandy, d. , choudhuri, a.r., choudhuri, a.r., jiang, chatterjee & choudhuri 2007 , phys., 98, 1103 choudhuri, a.r., schssler, m., dikpati, m. 1995, , ch. m. in a previous work (Chadhuri, a.r., nandy, d., choudhuri, a.r., nandy, d., choudhuri, a.r., chatterjee, nandy, d., choudhuri, a.r., chatterjee, nandy, d., choudhuri, a.r., jiang, j., 2007 , Phys., 97, 1103 choudhuri, a.r., schssler, m., dikpati, m. 1995 “Second. 137” (page 54) yeates, a. r., nandy, d., & mackay, d. h. 2007 a & a, 471 , 301 yeates, a. r., nandy, d., & mackay, d. h. 2007 apj, 673 , 544