the ultrafast nature of the discharge of charged molecules into the conduction band of semiconductor surfaces has been demonstrated in recent experiments at xcite. During recent years the electrochemical et (et) of adsorbate and semiconductor nanomaterials and surfaces has been a subject of much research. et between discrete molecular levels and a conducting surface is the simplest of all surface reactions: it involves only the exchange of an electron, and so no bonds are broken. In the et theory the whole system is divided into three terms: the system part and the heat bath. So the total hamiltonian consists of three terms: the system part, the bath part, and the system-to-be interactions. The et dynamics of a membrane between discrete molecular levels and a conducting surface is the simplest of all surface reactions: it is only the exchange of an electron, and therefore no bonds are broken. Then, for example, the use of relaxation to treat the larger class of experiments where, for example, the injected molecule is surrounded by a liquid environment, and longer times. In the present contribution, we include relaxation, to enable the treatment of a larger class of experiments, where, for example, the injected molecule is enclosed in a liquid environment and longer time. The maximum energy is injected by the injected molecule to the conduction band of a semiconductor surface by the implantation of a chromophore, with the time dependent Schrdinger equation, and the relaxation cannot be performed. This neglect of relaxation was motivated by the experimental observation that injected electrons were relaxed only in 150 fs in the lithosphere-to-tio@xcite system. ——ccn  =— a new one is to be selected. —— the hamiltonian kinetic model for this system consists of the ground and the excited state of the molecule and a quasi- continuum, which describes the conduction band along with one vibrational coordinate —— . . .  a characteristic curve of the diaphanous curve. The following we observe in the following:    eq: pf-form  a '"__ '," the " "   ',> . . . instead of taking into account the excitation from the ground state explicitly, we assume an    " pulse. . . . the relationship between the excited state and the continuum states is assumed to be constant:      . the coupling between the excited state and the continuum states is assumed to be constant:      . . . the hamiltonian system consists of the ground and the excited state of the molecule, and a quasi- continuum describing the conduction band and one vibrational point of the circumference of the immaterial: , a 2 5 m2 band of width 25 ev was based on an energy difference of 2 5 mev, leading to 831 electronic surfaces. To build such a large system one would need to use the Monte Carlo wave function, the "Wheel Fancy", for the calculations of such a large system one would have to use the Monte Carlo symmetry. In the following example, a band of width 25 ev was described, using an energy difference of 2 5 mev, resulting in 881 electronic surfaces. (for the calculations of such a large system, one would have to use the Monte Carlo fusion function) in this work a band of width 25 ev was presented, and the density of the conduction band was estimated at xmath30. We are aware that this is a very limited model, but we hope that it can be used to capture the effects of dissipation. For the calculation of the electrical population in the conduction band, we will calculate the time dependent frequency of the electronic states, the amplitude of each electronic surface. The second factor is the time dependent frequency of the excited molecular state, xmath29. These two distributions give an idea of the effect of dissipation. The figure illustrating the electronic population in the quasi- continuum is described by ramakrishna et al. The error is much smaller when the wave is gone, and the part of the wave which is still high enough to reach the molecule will return to the molecule. ' This extends the work of ramakrishna and willig and may, at least, enhance the description of the electrons flowing into the conduction band of a semiconductor.