Here we consider a mathematical analysis of the fragmentation of a heavy ion collusion. We take into account the various interrelated models, which are very diverse, such as the evaporative pictures, percolation models, lattice gas models, and dynamical models based on the boltzmann simulations. Here we take a picture of a fluid-diffusing ion collsion. In this study we consider the statistical approach of chase and mekjian, and then review the thermodynamic properties, some of which have already been presented in the literature. In the next section, we present the recursive method of chase and mekjian and examine the thermodynamic properties, some of which have already been published in the literature. We emphasize that the surface energy is the most important parameter in determining the structural properties of the model. The recursion-recursive relations were applied to a numerical study of the non-interacting clusters. There are xmath0 nucleons which are thermalized in a volume xmath1 much larger than xmath2, where xmath3 is the distance between the two clusters. We consider that there are xmath0 nucleons thermally thermalized in a volume xmath1 much larger than xmath2, where xmath3 is the distance between the two clusters, and we consider that xmath3 is the average surface energy of the beam. The energy of the surface is the most important parameter for determining the boundary and phase transition properties of the model. In the third section, we show extensions of the model, necessary for serious models of nuclear systems, the volume fraction, coulomb effects, and is that is to say, for the illustrative purpose of this section, we assume the form, @xmath13, the first consists in the kinetic motion of the center of mass of the composite in the volume of @xmath1, the second consists in the internal structure. As a result, the partition of the rest of the system can be made quite easy. As a result, the same formula and generalisation of this formula in a more realistic situation (see later) make the model so readily soluble. For the illustrative purpose of this section, we assume the form, @xmath13, where the kinetic energy of the centre of mass of the composite in the volume of @xmath1 is denoted by the symbol xmath14, and the second part is denoted by the internal structure. The origin of the different terms in eq. ([19]] is the following:  is the energy of the composite of (19) nucleons, and the last term in the exponential is the fact that the composite can be not only in the bare ground but also in the excited states, which are defined in the fermi-gas approximation. In the last respect, the temperature dependence of  in ref.  -  5 / 4  [10] is * xmath16 and 22 -   [24] - [25] with (19) 2 (22)  and (23) - [25] and (26) - And the usual case of the liquid-gas phase transition in this model has a slight change in the density when the pressure is fixed and not the volume. We have taken away from this our surface energy term which is proportional to xmath30 , it is important to note that the surface energy term is proportional to xmath30 , in this case the free energy is not affected by the free energy, so that it can be ignored when calculating observables of fragmentation. this effect is not unusual for larger systems. For example, the pressure and the chemical potential are calculated through relations; xmath36 the number of observables, xmath36 the volume is divided into a few clusters; if xmath32, a spike in xmath32 is equal to a spike in xmath34, since both are proportional to xmath32. . It is difficult to draw a connection between this approach and the standard maxwell, because the interactions between particles are emitted through the surface. We have taken no account of the surface term, which is proportional to xmath30; thus the surface term xmath32 and the free energy become xmath32, and so the pressure and free energy remain roughly constant in the region of phase coexistence . . . in the region of phase coexistence, the pressure and chemical potential are practically constant, and the pressure falls in the coexistence region due to finite size. At low temperatures the surface tension term is dominant, at high temperatures entropy prevails, and the system is broken into small clumps. , in a simplified model such as the Percolation or the Lattice Model Xcite . . . The mass distribution in this small range is similar to that seen in the percolation or lattice models xcite . the mass distribution is multiplied by xmath7 to emphasize the synthesis of the system. However, in rather complicated calculations that have not been described here, it is said that in order to obtain the volume of the separate fragments of the entire system, it is an acceptable approximation to ignore the multiplicity dependence of the outlying volume xcite . . . more realistically, the excluded volume could be based on the multiplicity . . . but one could add an  xmath5 to the volume of the isolated fragments . . . by checking eq . (Brdorf fe eq) you can see that this affects the volume of the divided objects, merely by mapping the density or volume used for the analysis of observables. coulomb affects the phase structure of the nuclear matter xcite. although the actual coulomb force is outside the scope of this study, it may be approximated by considering a liquid drop formula, such as has been used by bondorf and donangelo xcite . coulomb decreases the temperature at which the transition takes place. For large systems, coulomb destroys the transition as the large drops are unable to withstand the coulomb force. This principle may be better applied to the modeling of a starry interior where the electrons serve as the jellium. – cvcoulomb - fig . – if there exists a variety of particles with conserved charges, namely, , xmath52, , then one can write a recursion relation for each charge – xmath52. – xmath53 where xmath55 is the net conserved charge of type xmath56 and xmath57 the charge of type xmath56 carried by the smallest particle indicated by xmath19 . - xmath51 , in order to find xmath61, one must know Xmath62 for all xmath63 or xmath64 . in order to do this one must use both recursion relations . On the contrary, if one defined the density of states in a finite space of time Xmath68, the density of states becomes well-suited to a large body. In this way, the calculus for the density of states is more realistically defined, for the discreet nature of quantum spectra which cannot be combined with the delta function, for the density of states is usually exponentially higher for a many-body system. At xmath67, the ten-dimensional radius of xmath67 is greater than xmath68 in the limit of xmath70, xmath71 is close to the density of states. To calculate the density of states, one would have to consider the fractional function of @xmath67, which may be a convenient method, but one should be wary of using the derivatives of @xmath74 in the phase transition. Thus, to make a mass distribution, one should measure the fractional component of @xmath73. A fractional component of @xmath73 is a sum of species pairs within a fragment of xmath43 . We can figure out the time to decay, in which case the parameter for xmath69 is an integer. xmath76 here, xmath77 is the number of ways in which we can arrange a piece of the type xmath19 with the energy xmath78. All the other relavant microcanonical quantities may be calculated in a similar way . all these concepts have many attractive features, they are easy to work with, they incorporate the properties of nuclear composites, and seem to have the common features of liquid-gas phase transitions. for modeling nuclear disintegration, this is not a serious problem, but it would be nice to be able to modify the model to allow for higher density. For our purposes, we have examined thermal properties of the model and emphasize the importance of the surface term in determining these properties. We have also studied an extension of the formalism to include a pronounced degree of freedom. These forms are resricted in the present form, and their density is low. As a result, these calculations are numerically complicated unless the energy density is recessed a little more. Compared with the nuclear physics of physics, development of microcanonical techniques is of paramount importance. a s pratt, c . montoya, and f . ronning, phys . b * 394 * 260 d . kiderlen and p . danielewicz, phys . c * 620 *, 346 (1997) . s . pratt, c . montoya, and f . ronning, phys . c * 47 *, 1284 * 1992 . lee and a . . mekjian, phys . c * 47 *, 266 (1996) . . . . . . lee and a . . . mekjian, phys . . . . . . . gross, rep. phys . . . . . . .