, and hence, the feasibility of the observed ellipticals, however, is difficult to reconcile with some of the more idealized formation scenarios for elliptical galaxies. these observations are hard to reconcile with some ideal formation scenarios for elliptical galaxies. Thus, the present-day ellipticals are already very large at redshift, and it follows from the morphology of the mass function that the smaller mergers are more common than major mergers until z=0. Besides, the small number of stars at redshift is quite small compared to their near-and-far counterparts. The ellipticals have already become very large at redshift. They are at least one order of magnitude higher than their low redshift counterparts. Their effective stellar masses are at least one order of magnitude higher compared to the low redshift counterparts. Their effective stellar mass density is about one order of magnitude higher than their low redshift counterparts. These observations are difficult to reconcile with some accustomed formation scenarios of elliptical galaxies. * Obviously, the ellipticals are already very large at redshift, and so it follows that, due to the nature of the mass function, little mergers should be much more frequent than major ones until z = 0 . Dry (i.e., poor gas content, collisionless) mergers and stellar accretion events are the most promising candidates for the strong mass and size evolution of spheroids at xcite, as the additional presence of a dissipative component in a major merger would limit the size increase (see e.g., . . . we assume, as a proof, that a compact initial stellar system has been formed in dissipating stars. Its total energy is @ xmath13, its mass is @ xmath15, its gravitational radius is @ xmath16, and its mean square speed is @ xmath17 . This is a computationally expensive problem . . . so the series of forces, which are isolated from each other (see e.g.  xcite) must be about 10 % of the effective radius, which in our case is of the order of @ xmath12, and we have to provide the number of particles to allow the galaxy to be displayed in a full cosmological context. As the virial theorem says, the total energy of a system is @ xmath18, the mass @ xmath20, the gravitational radius @ xmath21 and the mean square speed of the stars @ xmath21 , the fractional mass increase from all the accreted material is @ xmath24, and a total kinetic energy equals @ xmath24. Finally, in order to follow the kinematics, a high accuracy of force and integration is needed. By using the virial theorem we calculate how a compact initial stellar system develops when mass in a stellar system is added. We have re-created an individual galaxy halo at xmath32, where the z-value of the halo consists of a spherical cosmology of the size of the halo. The calcination of the first process is described in detail in xcite, and is briefly reviewed. the first halo consists of an in- situ star, at a low redshift (xmath35) accretion is most dominant. However, if the increase of the halo by a factor of two is caused by the merger of very small systems with xmath32 or xmath33, then the square velocities are reduced by two, the radius is four times larger and the density by four times (see also xcite for a similar calculation of the scaling relations) the radius increases by two (eqn . rg) and the density drops by four (eqn . dens) (see also xcite for a similar derivation of the scaling relations) . if, however, the total mass by a factor of two is caused by the accretion of very small systems with xmath32 or math33 , the mean square velocities are reduced by a factor of two, the radius is four times larger, and the density by a factor of 32 (see also @xcite for a similar derivation of the scaling relations) , then the radius by a factor of two (eqn . rg) and the density by a factor of four (eqn . dens) (see also  xcite) The base star mass is Xmath55, and the total stellar mass is Xmath0. The star formation and the feedback of supernovae were implemented by the halo model of xcite. The tidal forces of particles outside the high resolution cube were approximated by the increasingly huge dark matter particles in 5 layers of decreasing resolution. We used a fixed comoving softening until Xmath48, and then a softening, e.g., for stars, remained at physical Xmath48. the sunlight, which is shown by the dashed vertical lines, is indicated by the horizontal line. the total mass of the halo is now Xmath55 and the total mass of the halo is xmath0. ; the central mass is a square elliptical, as shown by the dashed vertical lines . we use a fixed comoving softening until xmath48, and the softening, e.g., of the stars, remains physical Xmath49. the threshold density of star formation is Xmath52, and the Star Formation time is Xmath53. At z = 0 . 3 . , width = s. in the top panel of fig. [Rho_ins acc - feed - 200] we show the density profiles of the stars which have formed in situ from gas within the galaxy and stars that have formed outside this radius and were accreted later on . the formation of the central galaxy is a continuing process in which the gas deposited directly on the central region of the galaxy constitutes a concentrated stellar system. The early formation of the central galaxy is also driven by the avance of the stars that have formed in situ from gas within the galaxy, and the stars that have formed outside this radius and accreted later on - the density of the in situ stars decreases by more than an order of magnitude to lower redshifts. The topmost panel of fig. [Rho s accreted - 200] shows the density of the in situ stars at redshifts z=5 , 3 , 2 , 1 , 0 , the density of the in situ stars is the same at all redshifts and has a shallower density at z=0 . The early mass evolution at z=5 is driven by the assembly of in situ stars, with a decreasing contribution to z=60. But if we examine the alignments of the central portion of the galaxy at xmath———, we find that it is quite well defined in terms of its central area and its physical size. As a result of this, the arc height of the system is increased by a factor of xmath——. (K-34 and X-46 are shown in fig.). At x-46, the central portion of the system resembles a compact disk, or bar, with an elliptic peak elliptic at x-feng, and a size of x-feng at z-feng. ( This is an agreeable result, since it is flattened and ball-shaped.) At high redshift, the system is very compact, @ x-feng71, with a moderate sersic index of @ x-feng72. Thus the system is flattened and disk-like. a periodic change of its size from x-feng71 to x-feng73 is now shown in fig. X-fengp2262 is compared with the best-fitting sersic profile. [5] The time evolution of the point-of-view projected half-light radius of stars in the central galaxy is measured by time. At high redshift the system is very compact, x-feng71, and its sersic index is moderately high. And it is also notable that the stellar population of the system has already reached a high redshift. The z = 0 values of the simulated galaxy are in good agreement with the simple predictions, but the increase in size and the decrease in density and dispersion is more moderate. However, the basic scaling relations for the accretion of stars are quite reasonable. For all these, the mass of the system is absorbed in very small systems, and we have found the most massive merger since z = 3 with a mass ratio of 8:1) . The z = 0 values of the simulated galaxy are close to the simple predictions, but the growth and decrease of the density and dispersion are more moderate. , in particular, the decrease of the velocity dispersion is qualitatively in agreement with the first direct observations by @xcite. Here, too, the simple relationship of the density and density is well developed. This is of course quite possible, as the system is more complicated and there are always small changes between z = 3 and z = 1 . However, observations of the more massive galaxies, as compared to this one, indicate an even greater increase in size. This effect may well be attributed to the fact that the assembly of more massive galaxies is even more heavily dependent on minor mergers and stellar accretion. The z = 0 value of the simulated galaxy is close to the simple prediction, but the increase of mass as well as the increase of density and dispersion are still moderate. The number of density, at fixed 1 kpc, is a factor of two and three. The inverse is also true: in the astrophysics of the elliptical cloud, the first phase is represented by the in-body star formation of the subsurface helium (see e.g. @ xcite and a few references therein) and a larger elliptical cloud is followed by a second phase, with little in-body star formation but significant accretion of the material; this material can be stripped from the core at higher heights and increases the size of the system over time. in the process of mass formation, a first phase is dominated by the in-body star formation from a vapor of cold gas (see e.g. @ xcite and references therein) and produces a massive and dense stellar system with dimensions of xmath86. This in-body component is heated, and the central layer is deflected by the accretion of the accreted stars. This apparent increase is caused by the first dominance of the in-body component, which is heated, and, at larger radii, is overshadowed by the accreted stars. Since the inverse proportions of mass function, masses at high redshifts are more likely to encounter minor mergers than lower mass masses, there is also a definite role for minor mergers in the gravitational heat. Moreover, the form of the mass function has an important role for the gravitational heating of the gravitational sphere, and this is the reason why smaller systems are so large. He even called the analysis in a Princeton City Hall to be approved for the trial. The results of this study are presented in a form that is not unlike the one presented in this paper. The stars formed at this early stage are expected to be rich in alpha-like elements, as was expected from observations at xcite, and form the compact core of the elliptical galaxy. This of course is likely to occur, as long as it is on a short timescale. For this, in fact, a great majority of the stars formed at this early stage are expected to be enriched in Alpha-like elements, as was expected from recent observations at xcite, and form the compact core of the elliptical galaxy. later on, metal-poor stars from smaller systems are accreted and form the halo of the galaxy, thus producing the observed metal gradient. . . . , marijn franx, pieter van Dokkum, and ignacio trujillo for useful comments on the manuscript. . . . we thank marijn franx, pieter van dokkum, and ignacio trujillo for their help in making the manuscript. ‘In a word, let’s talk about the man who sold the people in the valley of the Rue de Grasse. His name is ‘Ludovic’, but he is also called ‘Ludovic’ because it is the “conjugal” of this city and not the “Quai.” Moreover, he himself is called ‘Ruwe’, that is, ‘reproducible’ in fact, for he was a recipient of an enveloping discount of which he is free to sell the provisions of a free sale. ” Similarly, the second one that we find such an enveloping sumptuous puff is the flame; the other a morowinski, a . . .; the second a murowinski, a . . . murowinski, a . . . , juneau, s . . . . juneau, s . . . carlberg, r . g . , jrgensen, i . . , roth, k . . , chen, h . . . , marzke, r . . re fiorentin, p., naab, t., steinmetz, m., van den Bosch, f. c., beers, t. c., lee, y. s ., bell, e. f ., rockosi, c ., yanny, b ., newberg, h ., newberg, h . , wilhelm, h ., wilhelm, h ., wilhelm, h . , wilhelm, h . , wilhelm, h . , wilhelm, h . , wilhelm, h . , wilhelm, r . , wilhelm, r . , wilhelm, b . , wilhelm, w . , wilhelm, h . , wilhelm, r . , wilhelm, r . , wilhelm, r . , wilhelm, h . , wilhelm, r . , wilhelm, h .