There were, indeed, more than forty years ago, in cosmic ray experiments in chacaltaya, alien and unexpected events, dubbed centauros, observed in the emulsion chambers of the cosmic ray (CR) experiments in chacaltaya by lattes and collaborators ... for a detailed review, see ref. Xcite ... assuming that the nuclear system was heated above the critical transition of chiral symmetry, i.e., above a temperature of about xmath-mev-mev@ xcite, then cooled to low temperatures, the chiral condensate was then melted to zero, so that, in the early, metastable state of a misaligned quasi-vacuum, it decayed to the true, chiral-broken vacuum. This phenomenon had a very different character from what is usually observed in crs, exhibiting a large number of hadrons, and very few electrons and gamma-deplensions, which implies that there were few rapid, gamma-deplensioning hadrons , so that there could be a chasm in the number of neutral to charged pions. Hence, it is possible to say that a certain imbalance of neutral to charged pions could be realised. The existence of dccs in high-energy heavy ion collisions stimulated several theoretical and experimental advances, and much research was conducted in the early 1990s. The most likely outcome of current heavy ion experiments is that the system can be heated up to the critical (crossing) transition region for chiral symmetry restoration, i ‘ If dccs are formed in high-energy nuclear collisions in the atmosphere, the result of the primary collision is very large – in an event – in an event – in a – charged pion fraction, and this can affect the nature of the subsequent atmospheric shower. But because dccs are symmetrical (in isospin space) they should be washed out by conventional event averaging. – dcc formation is a natural phenomenon in the theory of strong interactions, but given its symmetric nature (in isospin space) one might have to wash it out by standard event averaging methods. As we see in the following paper we seek fingerprints of dcc formation in two different observables of uhecr showers: we present simulation results for the maximum depth (@ xmath0) and the number of muons on the ground, evaluating their sensitivity to the neutral pion fraction asymmetry produced by the primary collision. although this is very crude a description of the dynamics of the primary collision, we consider that it conveys the essential features which must be tested in order to determine the feasibility of detecting dccs in uhecr showers. In our experiments, however, there is nothing experimentally well, so we consider the potential signatures of dcc formation in the early stages of the eruption of cephalon. In this paper we are concerned with the possibility of attaining much higher statistics in current ultra-high energy cosmic ray (uhcr) experiments than in the past, so that the event by event analysis can be performed for very high energy collisions, we consider the possibility of finding the signatures of dcc formation in In a given model you can construct the degrees of freedom of the chiral condensate and study the mechanisms of chiral symmetry restoration and breakdown. The physical image we are presenting is a very heavy collision of heavy ions and a giant gluon plasma, where the chiral condensate, which is the order parameter of that transition, vanishes, but it is possible to attain the higher temperature limit by stumbling in different directions in the chiral space, i.e. to roll in different directions and to produce the ratio of neutral to charged pions very strongly depending on the selected metastable state in each case. But, in the high-temperature limit, all field expectations vanish, whereas in the vacuum there is @xmath4 and @xmath5 , where @xmath6 is the decay constant of pions. This effect is, of course, washed out by events. The physical picture in question is a very high-energy, heavy collision that produces a hot, gluon-like plasma, where the chiral symmetry is at an approximate restoration. At the high-temperature limit all field expectation values vanish, while in the vacuum one has @xmath4 and @xmath5, where @xmath6 is the pion decay constant. In this case the effective degrees of freedom are pions, @xmath3 and sigma, @xmath2. In this way the bifurcation of pions is characterized by the state of @xmath15, where @xmath15 is a normalization factor, and the sum is the number of the isospin direction @xmath17. Although the life of the shell is short enough, the inner part of the quark, which is already vapor, might be rotated from its usual direction, because it costs relatively little energy, @xmath7 mev / @xmath8 . if the inner part of the shell is short, the quark condensate in the interior may be rotated from its ordinary direction, which is relatively cheap, @xmath7 mev / @xmath8 . , when the hot shell hasronized, the reorientation of the internal rotation is reflected in the produced pions, which are coherent and present variations in an event-by-event analysis. Considering that the correlation region is large enough to be interpreted semiclassically, one can use the linear sigma model with explicit symmetry breaking for the description of the dynamics of pions. . . . The creation operator of a pion with momentum @xmath18 and isospin component @xmath10 is @xmath19 and @xmath20 is the 4 dimensional fourier transform of the source @xmath21 at @xmath24. “Indeed, @xmath29 is a binomial distribution, with an average of @xmath30. In the end, since there is no privileged isospin direction, the vector @xmath27 can point in any direction within the unit sphere. Moreover, if there is no privileged isospin direction, the vector @xmath27 can point in any direction in the unit sphere. Hence, even though dcc is unlikely, we believe it is worthwhile to study the consequences of such events on the physics of showers generated by uhecr. a large aperture such as that of the pierre auger observatory @xcite (combining shower sampling at ground level and longitudinal sampling of shower profiles) has been providing excellent data and unprecedented statistics in the field. The neutral pion fraction, eq., is at the core of our strategy for investigating dcc fingerprints in showers generated by uhecr. therefore, any investigation to measure the impact of a given dcc must consider the sensitivity of the observation of the neutral pion fraction in the primary interaction. In fact, if there is no privileged isospin, the vector @xmath27 can be directed anywhere in the unit sphere. He is also aware that the parameter xmath0 is affected by the first cross section and its magnitude and inelasticity xcite . the first cross section and its total inelasticity xcite . If dccs really exist, then the conditions for their formation should not only be high energy densities, but the regions where these densities are achieved must not be too small, for dccs are considered "Macroscopic" space-time regions where the chiral parameter is not oriented in the same direction as the vacuum . In this way, we have chosen to work with dcc-like showers at xmath41 ev . The chain of dcc-like showers is as follows: large dcc-like collisions are selected, and their first secondaries (mainly pions and kaons) are separated; then some of the neutral pions are converted into charged ones, and the particle list is then entered into corsika and the usual cascade over the atmosphere. This is quite true, since dcc-like showers are formed during the cooling of the initial hot plasma, and the first cross section of the first interactions is the same as in the fe-nucleus collision. ‘One’s remark can be noticed in Fig. ’s - Fig. -: shows the smaller peak of the slant at xmath45 compared with that of proton and fe from all central areas. - You can clearly see that both the fe-central and the fe-dcc samples are of less average size than the average, which suggests that the first component of the slant at xmath45 is the decrease in the kinetic coefficient in the subsequent interaction, which in turn leads to the rapidity of the subsequent cascade in the atmosphere. The distribution of eq. (sqrt) sharply peaked at xmath47, the probability of less than one percent of xmath44 s being produced is 10 %. Another feature which can be observed in Fig. (xmax) is the smaller fluctuations in xmath0 for fe-dcc and fe-central, as compared to those of proton and fe-detachment. However, one must look for lower fluctuations in xmath0 when looking for dcc signatures, and this property is independent of the initial @ xmath44 fraction. "the ratio is a balancing relation of the density at the centre of a shower, with the increase in its development at a higher slant depth, so that a greater number of muons are at the ground, in consequence of the reduction in atmospheric oxygenation from the centre of a shower to the center of a shower. Hence, if we consider a flood at a larger depth, a lower amount of muon density at the bottom will correspond to higher values at the surface, due to the decrease in the attenuation of the atmosphere from the centre of a shower to the ground, as we see from fig. [Figure 3] , and all the other populations of the subset, as can be seen from fig. ] , as we see in fig. [Disk] [41], in which, as we think of pions and charged pions, high amounts (small amounts) and large amounts (large amounts) are attained on the ground, as compared to small amounts (large amounts) of muons. this contrast is attained by recalling the addition of the correlation between @ xmath0 and the multiplicity of the first interaction, by which the initial events, high @ xmath0, correspond to a high @ xmath0, whereas for fe-central showers there is no correlation between @ xmath0 and @ xmath40, for fe-dcc showers, there is an anti-contra-contra-trajectory of about @ xmath49 g / @ xmath50 g / @ xmath50 muons on the ground, as we can sent> the simulated showers were tested on half of the populations, and the other half was used for determining the discrimination. To compute the merit (top, middle, and bottom left), a two-dimensional scatterplot of the four populations analyzed above, and five values of the degree of xmath53. For the same 4 populations analyzed above, and the five degrees of xmath53, it was found that proton showers could always be reasonably separated from fe (all centralities), as long as the excess of muons on the ground is large enough to segregate the fe-dcc population. However, even if dccs do exist in nature, such large-sized xmath53 events are very unlikely to occur. For the first interaction, the first order of @xmath53 would be very poor for muons and could also be easily distinguished. Nevertheless, as neither the chemical composition of cosmic rays (@xmath67 ev) nor the full dynamical property of dcc formation is known, flat priors to these variables are the best one can do. As dccs are expected to occur in central collisions, which lead to values that are smaller than the average values of xmath0 (for instance, a difference of about xmath69g / xmath50 as compared with iron), it is necessary to concentrate the search in this region of the shower’s depth. a dcc is particularly marked by a large lateral change in the ratio of neutral to charged pions, @xmath53. For this reason, if dcc events are present, they will result in very small fluctuations in the @xmath0. This phenomenon was noticed in the preliminary studies of ref. xcite. However, based solely on the behavior of this observable feature, it is impossible to distinguish between an iron shower and a central collision, and one produced by a dcc. in the extreme case of @xmath47, where dcc events lead to a rich shower of muons, we showed that this signature distinguishes between the cases of iron (even for central collisions) and a dcc event. in fact, it is not possible for dcc events to cause significant variations in @xmath0. In addition, for large @xmath53 and large @xmath70, one can also separate these two cases from one another due to the high depletion of muons on the ground. , et al. , prog . suppl. – 46 – ”1/71” – ” – ” and ” and ” and ” and ” and ” and ” and ” and ” and ” and ” – ” – ” and ” and ” – “e, g, d, e, navia et al. ” – “phys. d, d, y , ” and ” and ” – “f . - ” – ” - “The peer-repr ” (given at a grant of 07259] – v . kopenkin, y . , y . fujimoto, and t . sinzi, phys. d , 69 * , 08412892005) . , e . h . shibuya and e . h . shibuya, phys . d * 73* , 054192003) — r . a . . augusto, s . l . c . , v . kopenkin, m . moriya, c . e . e . navia, e . p . stankus, d. silvermyr, s. sorensen, and v. greene (eds.) , proceedings of the 21st International Conference on Ultrarelativistic Nucleus - Nucleus Collisions, n. d * 58 *, 6887 (1997) ; o . scavenius and a . dumitru, e. s . fraga, j. t. lenaghan, and a . d . jackson. a * 830 *, 5005 (1996) ; a . abada and j. aichelin, phys . d * 55 *, 6887 (1997) ; o . scavenius and a . dumitru, e. s . fraga, j. t. lenaghan, and a . d . jackson ... d. hell, g. schatz, t. thouw, j . knapp, and j . n. capdevielle, report fzka 6019 (1998) . : sat. k . yagi, t. hatsuda, y. miake, camb. monogr. part. part. Phys. . part. . . phys. . . . . part. phys. . . . - [12] . . . b. bjorken, k . . kowalski and c. . taylor, slac-pub - 6109 ( 1993) .