In the late X-movement, a certain French scientist predicted that the absorption lines that were observed in the spectra of distant q-movements were due to the extended gaseous halos of intervening galaxies. Nevertheless, although the apparent brightness of q-movements is sufficient to make high-precision and spectroscopic studies, they are quite outshined by the galaxies projected close to them, and therefore hamper the subsequent analysis, especially at small rates. Also, q-movements are too rare in the sky to probe many different galaxies with multiple approaches. The doublet of the @x-movement is especially used; it is easy to study at x-movement at optical wavelengths at redshifts of x-movement, and, with temperature, @x-movement, tracks cool gases in a broad range of neutral hydrogen columns (@x-movement @x-movement@x-movement) . Nevertheless, the physical origins of x-movement, in spite of this, have been completely obscured by the astronomers’ increased curiosity and have uncovered a number of galaxies with multiple lines of x-movement. The spectra of distant q-movement are often understood as a result of the extended gaseous halos of other galaxies . . . lines of y-movement which probe the cooler and photoionized gas , whereas doublets which probe the more diffuse, cooled material of x-movement. In the presence of light, light can be absorbed, and the atmospheric gas can be expelled from it. This method is applied to outflows of absorbed gas in X-rays in a post-starburst manner. Moreover, many galaxies are extending sources of light, and this is the best opportunity to study the gas along multiple lines of the sky, as well as their own (e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., e.g., Let us take a look at the targeted galaxy, located in the Good-for-Nothing Field (Cambrian origins; * ?    ?  ?    ?    ) and a survey with the hst advanced camera hst which was used for the survey in four optical bands (f435w, f606w, f775w and f850lp) or Xmath27, xmath28, xmath28, xmath28, xmath27, xmath28 and xmath30) . We obtained two sets of spectra . Firstly, we slit the center of the background galaxy in a plane in the direction of syang and retrieved xmath35. tawnyannnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn, ahnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn slit the grating at 4000 on the blue side and the grating at 7500 on the red side with d560 dichroic. Xmath337 was employed to calculate the magnitudes of the sky, i.e., f. math336. We obtained redshifts of the two galaxies using idl code for deep survey (s. faber et al. 2009, under preparation. , p. 210) from the public programs developed for the sdss. In short, this code computes the minimum value of the minimum value as a function of the distance between an observed spectrum and a linear combination of three templates – one is an artificial emission spectrum with lines enlarged for consistency with an instrumental resolution of xmath46, one is a coadded spectrum of thousands of absorption-line dominated galaxies @xcite, and the other is a star spectrum. for the background galaxy we use the spatially narrow gaussian centered on the background object to weight the extracted spectrum (with xmath41 and xmath42 for the blue and red sides) – this limits the contamination of the foreground spectrum by emission from the background object to xmath48. We have now extracted redshifts for the two galaxies, using the idl code adapted for deep-space studies (s . faber et al. 2009, in preparation) . . . evs of absorption and emission from this region, normalizing the spectra to the continuum level. (Remarks like this are attributed to the X-ray emission in the system, in blue. These marks are associated with strong absorption in the spectrum and were presumably due to the gas associated with the @x-ray.) We then determined the magnitude of the boxcar evs of absorption and emission from this region, whereby we chose different continuum regions, which have widths of 8 and 72 . However, we did not include the galaxy-absorbing pairs of the q-ray, as they did not contain any spectroscopic confirmation of the redshifts of the associated galaxies. We have taken advantage of the feature finding code described in @xcite to find and quantify the boxcar evs of absorption and absorption with @xmath52. This is in the highest proportion of the total numbers of known galaxy-absorbing pairs with impact values less than @xmath57 (and even these are not included in our study of the q-ray, as they have no spectroscopic confirmation of the redshifts of the associated galaxies . ) , which also exhibits @xmath60 and is classified as an ultra-strong (@xmath59) absorption for xcite . . . although the number of known galaxy-absorbing pairs with impact parameters less than @xmath57 is quite small, only two have @xmath55. The X-ray spectrum shows a weak line of the X-ray spectrum in the tkrs. @xcite, with its redshift of a redshift, and in the blue cloud in the Galaxy Color magnitude diagram (CMD), as shown in the left panel of Figure - Fig. - cmd. (we assume case B recombination to obtain the x-ray spectrum, and to use the calibration of @xcite to convert it to sfr.). The light emission is weak, so the gaussian fit of the line to the profile is weak; the remainder of the line dispersion is at x-ray69; this value is within x-ray wavelengths of the active oxygen.. because the [q] emission is weak, a gaussian fit to the line is required, and the accompanying continuum is estimated, in quadrature, and in quadrature, as follows: sp. sm. sm. sm; sm. sm. sm. sm. sm is a p-cygni line (Fig. q q q  ). This sm , that is, a p-cygni line, q x2> (does this line demonstrate the presence of agni? e. . . . e. . . . , e. . . . . So, to each of these spectra, we add a featureless power-law continuum, with a variable normalization, to model the agn contribution to the galaxy continuum. This spectrum is well fitted in models with a range in m72 that combines a strong starburst with a power-law component that contributes less than 30 % of the emission at 4200 in the rest frame. Moreover, we allow for a variable amount of dust intenuation, parametrized by m71. od. (detailed in cst.) , the spectrum of tkrs4389 shows evidence for a large influx of cool gases. because of its high surface brightness and a strong continuum blue from observed wavelength @xmath73, this galaxy is an excellent and rare candidate for probing gas in the background halos. At the same time, the spectrum may be used to investigate cool gas (via low-ionization) associated with its ism and halo, but above to its bright star-forming regions. Hence, the spectrum of tkrs4389 is well fitted by models with a range of xmath72 that combine a strong star-burst with a power-law component that contributes less than 30 % of the emission at 4200 in the rest frame. [Tissue , fg], he et al., 2009. . . . t. . there is a figure showing the system's dimensions. This figure shows the full spectrum of absorption lines and the central regions of the sandler, k, and g absorption lines in the galaxy spectrum, which are masked out in green, because the spectra do not show any sandlers of the absorption, i.e., from agn and from agn. In order to describe these absorptions in context, we present the luminous components of the foreground galaxy. The distance of this pair of galaxies allows us to calculate the absorption of the foreground galaxy at an impact parameter of xmath3 kpc. we note that the absorption profiles are asymmetrical, in the most deeply part of each line. (Fig. fgspectrastamps) This is a large, highly luminous galaxy (at xmath8 , where xmath81 is the stellar mass; at xcite) , which is located in the green valley between the red sequence and the blue cloud. This is an aluminous galaxy, located in the green valley (which is called the green valley), and may evolve to the bright end of the red sequence (e.g. , e.g., e.g., ... , e.g., e.g., e.g., , width = 172] and -80 % of the continuum. [fig. fgspec]] [Fig. fgspec] - this is a giant ( xmath8 where xmath81 is the Before calculating a sfr based on the emission of Xmath83 or Xmath86, we consider the possible contribution of the agn to this lower ionization line emission. We also detect narrow emission of Xmath67, the scattering of frame-velocity in Xmath84, which is shown in Figure 2 of Xcite, showing a correlation between absolute Xmath88 and [ ] / h @ xmath64 in blue. Xcite, however, has no spectral coverage of Xmath81 and can not simply classify this galaxy as a liner . Unfortunately, spectral spectral coverage of Xmath81 is not sufficiently sufficient, and we cannot in the strict sense classify this galaxy as a liner . and the X-ray flux is attributed to weak agn activity. The light in this object is, as is clear from the ultraviolet spectrum, to a very low degree. In the above cases, all the models include a 7 gyr old single-brought stellar population (ssp7) of mass @ xmath94 with solar metallicity ( @ xmath95) and a 100-year-old old flame with constant sfr which produces a mass in the vicinity of stars @ xmath96. to account for the present and recent star formation, we generate synthetic star burst spectra, as described below. The upper limit of sfr assuming all xmath83 refractory emission is due to star formation (and the largest @ xmath71 in the range of stellar population models, as discussed below) is at xmath91. In order to further constrain the rates of recent and recent star formation, we generate synthetic star burst spectra, as described in sec. bg. as above, all models include a 7- 0 gyr-old, single-brick, stellar population (ssp7), of mass @ xmath94 and an 100-million-year burst with constant sfr which produces a mass in stars @ xmath96 . Xmath100 is the lowest parameter, assuming all sfr is due to star formation (and assuming the largest sfr of the range derived from stellar population models, @ xmath71, as discussed below), @ xmath92. And we want to explore alternative star formation histories. As we have already seen, we may find that the solar and super-solar metallicities can not simultaneously be compared with the energy of the balmer absorption and the k and g band absorption. We also wish to examine other star formation histories. One possible star formation history, based on the position of the galaxy in the grammatical domain and the morphology of the heavenly bodies, is that the galaxy began to evolve passively for several billion years and then went through a process of star formation which has since ceased. We add the featureless power law continuum (@ xmath103 with xmath104) but the decrease in the size of this continuum does not improve the fit of the model. the proportion of light produced by the power law component is the most important value. we check the fit of each model, and we find that the models with a slightly higher value of @ xmath105 and greater values of @ xmath98 are most successful. This results indicate that there is no active formation in this galaxy. a continuous sfr of continuous sfr is added to each model at a time, @ xmath105, where @ xmath105 varies between 1 . 8 gyr ago and 200 gyr ago. In general, the morphology of this object in the xmath115 band is similar to that of simulated mergers at xmath115 after the final merger . . . the galaxy will have disappeared at that time, perhaps because the cool gas supply has been exhausted or dissipated. The results are the same for xmath97 models. In conclusion, we conclude that the galaxy had a collision . . . in a recently-fell agnus and was associated with a starburst. The starburst, in a way, was prevented, perhaps because the cool gas supply was exhausted or expelled . . . . in this case, the galaxy would move into the red sequence. in a single operation, a spiral of an object of low luminosity, that is, a starburst, is also present. As we have seen, the spiral, marked with solid lines, is larger than the spiral, which is marked with the vertical line - a contour of a different shape , this is the effect of the beam from the horizon; in this way, we have found the sharp tunables, k and g, of the muted tibia, which are, in fact, much stronger than those from a gaseous tibia, a secondary starburst, i.e., by a GALEXONTINE inc. , the simulacin is the immediate figure , and the shank of this piece is a star in the green valley, d. xmath118 alot of lines in our system are saturated, indicating a very high degree of saturation. We conclude that the gas dynamics are dominated by non-rotational motions, and that most of the gas is extraplanar, i.e., tracering material in the halo of tkrs4259. the deepest part of the line profiles from a spectra taken with slits at both polarities reach a depth of xmath54 % of the continuum, which places a lower limit of xmath121 . in the case of the strongly saturated lines, the Xmath54 value indicates a broad kinematics, i.e. a very large velocity width of xmath119 @ xcite . this is in keeping with previous results from @ xcite, who demonstrate the coherence of absorbing clouds at xmath123 kpc scales . . . the relatively low spectral resolution obscures the profiles, and the deepest parts of the lines may appear at much lower normalized flux levels when observed at higher spectral resolution . . . because the lines are extremely saturated, the depth of the lines is only dependent on the fraction of the background light source that is absorbed by absorbing gas ( @ xmath10) and the instrument resolution . . . this constraint on the @ xmath10 ,  (recently used by xcite) . the relatively low resolution smears the profiles, and the deepest parts of the lines can be observed in much lower normalized fluxes when observed at higher resolution . For the present study, the effect of gas inflow from the igm will not take place, since the host galaxy is a merger remnant. However, the thermal stability analysis of the hot gas around galaxies by @xcite suggests that in a halo more massive than the Milky Way (at xmath 130), a halo of a fluid, a more radiated corona is stable to thermal perturbations and so will not condense into cool clouds. The concentration of these clouds is about the mass of the halo; the result of this study does not take into account the effect of the inflow of gas from the igm; the assumption of a liquid hot gaseous halo is unlikely, since our host galaxy is a merger remnant. The thermodynamical analyses of the hot gas surrounding galaxies of @xcite suggest that in an isolated halo more massive than that of the Milky Way (@xmath130) a smooth stratified hot gaseous corona is stable under the impact of thermal shocks, and therefore does not condense into cool clouds. . . . . In this way, a cool cloud could easily be produced at xmath129@xcite, in agreement with the measured @xmath54 for this galaxy. "if" and if "like" and -of-colors [7] a) that he's unavoidable, and even if we set the spectra of this vapor on a milky-white halo. That's probably what's causing the cool halo. Nevertheless, strong halo systems of the redshift range are shown to significantly redden the background Qsos, and the degree of reddening increases as a result of the redshift. The results, as noted above, show that the absorption in this system is as large as that of the strongest halo . First, we can't measure the density of the gas at the redshifts of xmath138 (as shown by Xcite), and, besides, we see that the absorption in xmath139 is significantly higher than the absorption in xcite's studies. , so that the absorption in xcite's system may be enriched with metals and dust. Secondly, we do not distinguish individual clouds because we are too light-weight (at xmath141) ; however, we note that the absorption lines in fig. fg. fg. fg. asymmetry exists. As you have seen, we find that a large number of absorbers, from @xcite, are included in the observed gaseous phase, and the absorption is (of average  in the milky-smooth ism) are found to be the source of the cool halo gas we observe. We conclude that this gas is a clear and plausible origin for this gas. It has been driven or stripped from the star-forming regions in a past starburst, merger or agn phase. In other words, to reach a projection of xmath143 kpc today, Xmath143 means the angle between the plane of the sky and the path taken by the gas. cool gases are usually able to reach speeds of @xmath142 in star-burst galaxies, and have even been observed in post-glare galaxies. , if the gas really came from an inflow or halo condensation (as discussed in [2] multiphase), then our finding that the galaxy experienced a quagny roughly 1 gyr ago is only a coincidence and is not necessarily related to the observed absorbing gas. Alternatively, anisotropic ejection of gas clouds or tidal streams could be used to produce asymmetric absorption lines. We take an isothermal halo, at a temperature of xmath146 and a gas density of xmath147, where xmath148 is the cosmic baryon fraction, xcite, and xmath149 is the maximum rotation velocity of the halo (it is equal to the virial velocity in this case; see xcite for details). if we assume that the hot gas profile does not change considerably with time, we can conclude that cold clouds that were injected into the halo during a dazzling or merger occurring xmath137 gyr ago would remain cold today, and indeed for a very long time. We assume that the cool clouds are at xmath150, and that at once they will have an equilibrium with the surrounding hot gas, as soon as they enter the halo. we expect that these clouds will be stable against the kelvin-helmholtz instability. In the case of the galaxy ________ - (and whose references therein are also noted) , the gas containing the major merger is driven into the halo of the great galaxies, and the forces of star-burst and black hole formation are activated by various mechanisms. In the case of the upper end of this mass range, the evaporation is observed, and in the case of the upper end the evaporation is measured by the equation 35 of the ________ equation. Moreover, if the gas chemistry of the clouds does not change substantially over time, we can conclude that the cold clouds that blew into the halo from the ism, as a result of a star-burst or merger of xmath137 gyr Besides, gas from the ism that was tidally stripped during a merger might still be left behind at a high impact point. Finally, the luminous agn could have contributed to push cool gas into the halo and prevent star formation. Besides, we have the strongest evidence that the galaxy is post-starburst; the quasar phase is merely a speculation. In the Xcite case, the phase in which the remaining ism material is blown away and the Qso is revealed is expected to occur within a few hundred myr after the merger. In the Xcite case, the phase in which the Qso fades and the merger fragment reddens and exhibits a post-starburst achromatic continuum occurs, after the merger. Our results on the star formation, colors, and morphology of this galaxy are quite in keeping with the Xcite case. To make this calculation we develop a toy model of the gas emitted from the halo. To start, we take Xcite and assume that the velocity (@xmath158) of the outflowing gas varies as a function of distance from the halo region (@xmath159) is given by xmath160, where xmath161 is the dispersion of the gas within the halo, @xmath160 is the lower limit of the luminosity needed to expel a large part of the gas when it is physically thick, and @xmath163 is the initial radius of the outflow. After a half-hour we assume that the starburst ends abruptly, and that the clouds from the wind are now subject to the gravitational potential of the halo and neglect the drag forces from the surrounding hot gas. , we take the equation of motion for the clouds at a distance of xmath174 kpc, and if the above equation is multiplied by two times, then the total distance and velocities will be higher, and there is a large velocity. From all the evidence we have already said, we conclude that the absorption system is composed of gaseous fragments of the ism from the merger remnant that we observe. By combining the equations of motion for clouds with distances of xmath174 kpc and the initial velocity as given by the equation for xmath158, we calculate the final positions and velocities after 1 gyr. a bipolar geometry for the outflow is derived from the measurements of the opening angle of the outflow cones traced by h = xmath9 and co-emission in m82 (e.g., * ? ? ; ... ? ; ... ? , ? ? 12 122155ni0483avavd. xcite; see also 1332, and the number of 185imphern absorbers in this study is relatively small; however, the 1817 inferred for our foreground absorber, while it is higher than the mean halo mass of the strongest absorbers, is well within the uncertainties in the estimation of the mean halo mass of the weak and strong absorbers (see Figure 7a, 5) . and a recent method, which has recently been used to study the host galaxies of absorbers, measures the strength of a large group of absorbers against that of luminous red galaxies (lrgs) in order to determine the mean halo mass in which a wide range of absorbers is found (the quantity of 185 absorbers) , in order to determine the mean halo mass for a few absorbers of different strength. This anticorrelation, indicated in the figure 7c, is significant at the 119198570 level, so that the absorbers with 119202020202120202020205 20202590@ xcite, it is also the result of the strong influxes and mergers of high fluxes. A second, and most frequent, explanation of the origin of strong influxes is that cool gas is driven into the galaxy halos by the 'starburst', i.e., When you’ve observed the orbital temperature and the brightness of the gas, the star-forming gas could have been easily carried away or sucked out of the gas’s atmosphere. This galaxy has little ongoing star-forming activity and exhibits only a little agn activity, but it had already experienced a star-forming event some 20,000 years ago, possibly caused by a merger. While our galaxy is extraordinary in that it is pre-star-forming, the existence of a _enriched_ system in a halo that is of a mass above the transition mass" abounds in this model, and, if this gas originated in an outflow, it shows that: 1 ) the effects of star-making on halo gases are observed very far into the mass regime in which the hot gas accretion dominates the total gas accretion, or 2 ) there is a considerable variability in the transition mass of different galaxy haloes. by way of multiwavelength analysis of the luminous components of a galaxy at the xmath0 level, in conjunction with spectroscopy of a bright, pulsating background galaxy at the xmath2 level, the cool gas traced by absorption in the foreground galaxy halo at a distance of m 18cm most likely originated in the ism of the host galaxy or its predecessors. We have found that the observed gas, if it originated in an outflow, is consistent with this picture, and if it originated in an inflow, we have found that: ( 1) the effects of star formation on halo gas are noticed well beyond the mass level where hot gas accretion dominates the total gas accre a few large surveys have recently concluded or are about to be completed that can be used to find the pairs suitable for a targeted search for absorption in the background gas. We identified the post-absorption galaxies and age-aged them; before this work could not necessarily find such a galaxy, and thus presented a less complete picture of the host galaxies of strong absorbers. In addition, our study was able to identify the post-absorption galaxy and age-date it; previously we could not have been able to find such a galaxy and thus presented a less complete picture of the host galaxies of the heavy absorbers. This data is possible because of the richness of data obtained by spectroscopy, which includes the redshifts of tkrs@xcite and our lris spectroscopy. For the purpose of this analysis, we based our study on the indigo field. Xcite searched for the xmath87 emission near the absorbers at xmath133 to find a source of absorption; this method does not allow to find the origin of absorptions without agn activity. [12] As a matter of fact, it was not possible to find such a galaxy, and thus present a less complete picture of the host galaxies of an absorber. The authors thank c. tremonti for freely providing her stellar population model, k. cooksey for her absorption finding function and for careful reading of the manuscript, and luke winstrom for the color images. The method of using galaxies as the background probe is complementary to the analysis of halo-surfaced telescopes, which have a low beam size but which allow for a close analysis of the luminous components of the sponge. A grid of field, at a size of 10,013 xmath201 kpc, are not currently possible, because of the seeability . . . however, with a perspective of X-rays, more luminous material is available and observable . . . a network of stars in which to survey the sun’s surface, and by comparing with the luminous materials of the sponge , this result will be extremely powerful. Besides, the analysis of cosmic spectra and the resulting astronomical survey combines the most accurate observational data with the numerical data of the astrophysical work which has been done at X-rays. , they permit detailed analysis of the morphology and kinematics of the halo and of the luminous components of the sponge. The authors wish to express their appreciation and acknowledge the very significant cultural role and reverence which have always existed at the summit of mauna kea. In good lighting and with extended background galaxies it is possible to investigate several visual tracts of halo into a given foreground halo. What is the matter with xmath 217? - xmath 215 - xmath 215 - xmath215 - xmath217 - xmath217 - xmath217 - xmath218 - xmath219 - xmath220 - - z - - ] - xmath 221 - xmath221 - xmath223 - - xmath223 - - - - - - - - -  - - -   -   - -   -  -  -  -    -  -  -  -  -  - xmath215 -  -  -    -   -   -  -  -    -  -   -  -  -  -   -     -  -  -   -    -    -   -  -   - - 2324 - 2329 - xmath259 - xmath259 - xmath259 - xmath259 - xmath259 - xmath259 - xmath259 - xmath259 - xmath259 - xmath259 - xmath259 - xmath259 - xmath259 - xmath258 - xmath259 - xmath258 - xmath259 - xmath259 - - - xmath259 - - xmath259 - xmath259 - xmath258 - xmath259 - [x] -