But, as is commonly said, in the early days of the first year of the revolution, feynman mentioned the idea in passing (though in this respect the author has no idea whether there were any such schemes). By the name of the three spins we mean the orientations of three conduction band electrons each bound to a semiconductor symple. To switch between logic 0 and logic 1 we move the charges into and out of the terminal of the terminal. In order to switch between logic 0 and logic 1 we simply have to rotate the charges in the passage. In the case of spin, we do not have to move charges. In the case of spin we do not have to move the electrons, for to switch a bit from 0 to 1 or vice versa we simply have to flinch the spin. In short, spin is more resistant to noise than other devices. In addition, spin does not pair easily with astrophysical electric fields (unless the host material has a very strong spin-oscillator interaction) . the associated potential energy is then dissipated as heat and irretrievably lost. This may have certain advantages: first, it may be possible to transmit information in spin without electricity. in charge-based devices, such as metal oxide electrotransistors, a sort of magnetic field converges to a circular ring corresponding to a small semiconductor-scale quantum dot. in the case of spin, it is not necessary to move charges, it is necessary to switch a little from 0 to 1 and vice versa. in the case of spin, it is not necessary to move charges. By the moment of the magnetic field, the spin is unrestrained, so the exchange of the two spins is allowed only ‘Send the bohr magneton, and the pauli spin matrix. We will use a bifurcation of the magnetic field, i.e., one line of parallelization, as a finite-frequency hamiltonian – this produces the eigenspinors (i.e., 1 and 0) and i.e., polarized, are skewed. Therefore, the magnetic field is binary. It is parallel or anti-parallel to the magnetic field – in the presence of exchange between two electrons confineing themselves to two different potentials (i.e., two different quantum dots) the anti-ferromagnetic or the singlet order (i.e., two neighboring spins are anti-parallel) is preferred over the ferromagnetic or the triplet order (two spins are parallel) – . we obtain this by reducing the potential barrier between neighboring dots to enhance the exchange, while at the same time reducing the magnetic field sufficiently weak to reduce the zeeman energy . On the contrary, if there are two spins, like in Fig. 1 (b), it is necessary to enter a state which is parallel to the magnetic field. So the fig. 1 (b) and fig. 1 (c) are separated by an energy barrier, so that fig. 1 (b) is a long-term metastable state. Let the fig. 1 (b) and fig. 1 (c) be separated by a barrier, and thus fig. 1 (c) is long-lived. When a system is in fig. 1 (b), it will finally decay to the ground state of fig. 1 (a) and fig. 1 (b). Here, if the input is logic 1, and the other is logic 0, then logic 1 is preferred as an output, since, for all other things, all other things are equal, the spin prefers to converge parallel to the magnetic field rather than anti- parallel. Nevertheless, phonons cannot be coupled easily to spin unless there is a strongly pyroelectric material. To understand the nature of the problem, we will take three inverters (not gates) in series. A single inverter is the simplest device, it is made up of two exchanged spins, one of which is the input and the other of the output. As a rule, the input is logic 1, and the output of the last inverter is logic 0, as a rule. By a counter-clockwise rotation of the first inverter, the input is logic 1, and the output is logic 0; but now let us suddenly change the input of the first inverter to logic 0 at time xmath9=0 . . . as a result of the counter-clockwise rotation, the output always has the logic complement of the input . . . In the following section, we explain the nature of the problem. Two counter-clockwise rotations, each of which is the simplest, are made of two interlocked spins, one of which is the input, the other of which is the output, and so, in the counter-clockwise direction, the left and right of the two spins ask each other to flip it, and the right of the spins ask each other to stay put, because of the same exchange interaction . . . . but unfortunately, this cannot be done. In Fig. 2c, a second counter-clockwise rotation finds its left neighbor asking it to turn (because of the exchange that enforces anti-ferromagnetic order between two spins), while the right neighbor asks it to stay fixed. In fig. 2c, the second counter-clockwise movement finds its left neighbor asking it to turn (because of the exchange that enforces anti-ferromagnetic order between two spin The real problem is that the exchange is bidirectional, and there is no guarantee of an unidirectional flow of the logic signal from the input to the output of the logic device. This unidirectional flow is necessary for any logic device (for the five requirements of a classical logic device see ref. xcite). In this case, we are trying to enforce the unidirectional by the input signal itself (for example, the input device breaks the inversion symmetry of Fig. 2c) , then the first inverter, the leftmost cell, is already in logic 0 and is not letting go of it, then the second, equally likely to follow its left neighbor and its right neighbor, will be left-ended since it is strong and persistent (we are not letting go of the input) , then the next inverter, whose influence is as strong as the second, will then not be able to follow the left-hander because it is fierce and persistent (we are not letting go of the input) , then, ultimately, the distant cells that are far from the input will not feel its effect and remain in stable states, producing unsuitable answers to simple logic problems. This possible remedy was examined theoretically in ref. xcite, which reached the conclusion that it does not always work. in ref. xcite, one solution was suggested to break this impasse: gradually increasing the number of cells (as in ref. xcite), which resulted in a conclusion that it does not always work. , and the experiment was conceived out of the realization that, in ccd arrays, there is no inherent unidirectionality, yet charge is made to pass from one device to another unidirectionally , so that it is called “clocking” . This was inspired by the realization that in a ccd array there is no inherent unidirectionality, but charge is made to pass from one device to the next unidirectionally , which is achieved by clocking. And, as shown in Fig. 2, the first three cells assume the correct polarizations as shown in Fig. 2. At this point the input is removed, and the gate is turned on zero and positive, and the second cell polarizes, so that the first cell switches. The first cell polarizes exactly as shown in Fig. 2. , then if we lower the first barrier by applying a positive potential to gate 1 as shown in Fig. 2, then either the second cell switches to the second (seeing the upper branch) or the third cell switches to the third (seeing the lower branch). The lower branch is the desired state, but the lower branch is also possible, since both branches follow the ant-ferromagnetic order between the two exchanged cells (cells 2 and 3). Thus a simple sequential clock will not work. You need both gates 1 and 2 to have positive potentials while you apply the input. So, in our case, you need both gates 1 and 2 to have positive potentials. And the reason is that the magnets themselves have no metal plate, and, therefore, there is no silver plate. The magnets are charged and the charge being pushed in and out, so that the charge dissipates an energy which completely negates the advantage of spins. (In our own laboratory, Xuande has used the electrochemical technique to make a pyramid of hexagons, and is exhibited in Fig. 3 . so the pyramidal form of hexagons is shown in Fig. 3 . . the three-phase pulses are shown, each pulse is phase shifted in the last direction by xuande radians. This position is not unusual, because charge-connected arrays also need a multi-phase clock (push, drop), to work . Moreover, the potentials are lowered and raised by fluttering charge into and out of the gate, resulting in a significant energy dissipation that completely eliminates the advantages of spins. In this context, it is not unusual, for in these devices, in addition to a balancing, irreversible logic gate (push, drop), they also need a balancing, multi-phase clock , to work , hardly attractive. because one needs to fabricate the gate pads between the two cells , the separation between them should be at least 5 nm, because it is necessary to align the gate pads to within a space of 5 nm is a major lithography task . It is a practical and logical device for the reversible reception of a Qb by two exchanged spins in two adjacently spaced qs-yn. This device is quite similar to the one-element parametron of q in q xqn , and is viewed as a single-element parametron. This device is not by any means an end in itself; in fact, the ineffable solution is to develop in a way which does not lead to the delimitation of the landauer-yn barrier. It has recently been demonstrated that the coherence of the electron and the nuclear spin is much larger than the charge , which is formed mainly by a charge coupling to zero point motion of phonons, which cannot be dispensed by lowering the temperature to xcite. However, the coherence of electron and nuclear spin in matter is found to be about 1 nsec as the temperature is lowered, and it is expected that electron and nuclear spin in silicon will be of much higher coherence. Hence, the choice of a single electron or a nuclear spin for encoding a qubit is evident. The idea of encoding a qubit and utilizing it to realize a universal quantum gate is taken up at xcite. In 1996, loss and divincenzo invented a universal quantum gate using two exchanged spins in two closely spaced quantum dots, which is the same as the single electron parametron, and can be taken to be a single spin parametron . – and in this article, we have described the use of single electron spin in computing. In the past, it has been proved that the spin state of an electron in a quantum dot is readily discernible by the periodically polarized light of a quantum dot. It is an interesting thing that electrically read-out does not require any contact with a quantum dot. The problem is that electrical read-out requires contact with the quantum dots, which is an engineering problem . . . but in the present article, we have described a mathematical theory of the use of single electron spin in computing. We have mentioned where and why spin might have an advantage over charge in the implementation of the various devices and systems mentioned here . . . s. bandyopadhyay and v. . roychowdhury, Proceedings of the International Conference on superlattices and microstructures, lyingge, belgium, 1996, and also in superlat. 3 , 411416 (1997).