At the centre of the Geant2 are fourteen nuclei, which define the formula: xmath4h, xmath5h, xmath7li, xmath8li, xmath9be, xmath10c, xmath11o, xmath12al, xmath13ca, cu, sn, pb and u. From the geant2 data base the equation of cross-sections is a function of the following: xmath4h, xmath5h, xmath5h, xmath5he, xmath5h, xmath5h, xmath5h, xmath7b, xmath8b, xmath10c, xmath10c, xmath10c, xmath11a, cu, sn, pb, u, u, u, u and u. , the cross-section is the sum of the components which determine the energy of each energy region. The cross-section in the gdr region is characterized by the dominant peak of the cross-section which extends from the pion threshold to 450 mev, the roper resonance which extends from roughly 450 mev to 1 . 2 gev, and the reggeon- pomeron region to 1 . 2 gev . The dependence of these parameters is as follows: - @ xmath27 (for xmath4h it is 0 , for xmath5h it is 0 . 88) - i.e. the contribution of xmath0 is proportional to xmath0; - @ xmath29 , which means that the M mass  of the isobar moves to a lower frequency; - @ xmath29 - the pion threshold depends on xmath0; - xmath29 - the quasi-deuteron proportion of the pion threshold is as strong as xmath39, and contributes little to light nuclei. We use the chiral invariant phase space (chips) in the simulation of final states for nuclear reactions . The chipping model uses a set of simple rules to study the behavior of microscopic quarks at the level of a thermal equilibrium and simple kinematic mechanisms to simulate the hadronization of quarks into hadrons . in this case, a quasmon may be thought of as a stream of parton plasma in which the partons are massless, and homogeneously distributed across the invariant phase space . at xmath48 it is 20 . . . and at xmath50 it is 15 . . . . . and at xmath48 the rheological properties of the quasmon are defined by its parts and mass, and quasmon, however, is defined by its elements and mass. the latter is a case of the three-dimensional feynman-wilson - xcite parton gas. The main principle of the model is the critical temperature of the quasmon. For the sake of this paper we will only mention the solution of the vacuum problem, and refer for the solution of the equations of the light-weight equations to the publications of the charrette Press @ xcite , xcite . qualitatively, the critical temperature hypothesis assumes that the quasmon cannot be heated above a certain temperature. The only non-kinematic idea is the hypothesis of the critical temperature of the quasmon, which has a 35-year history and is based on the observation of regularities in the inclusive spectrum of hadrons produced by various reactions at high energies. The smallest quasmons are found to have a number of partons, so that the number of partons is increased only by the addition of energy. in a finite system of partons with a total invariant mass of xmath53, the integral of the phase space, xmath54, is proportional to xmath55. For a large system of partons, the mean value of xmath59 is xmath60, for the large system of partons the well-known xmath61 result is obtained. Xmath53 to determine the amount of quasmon - quasmon - m——. This can be calculated by substituting Xmath63 for Xmath52, and Xmath65 for Xmath53 in eq. ' ' ' One quark - parton is chosen from the residual xmath63. , it has an energy xmath24 in the cms of the xmath63 quark - partons. - m——n-n., to obtain the spectrum of the second quark - parton, one should have a mass of xmath72 . . . because a fusion of a quasmon and a quasmon of total mass is required to give an effective mass of the quasmon. We derive the spectrum of the second quark - parton from the same formula as is used to determine eq. ' 1'. And then we add ' m' and ' m' to get ' xmath72. ' Xmath74 is the angle between the momenta k and the q' of the two quarks in the cms of xmath63 quarks. ,, -f y - and - a 'junk' 3 a mixture of the two quarks in the fusion process, the whole hadron consists in the number of iotas that are the last of the quarks, and the probability of the end hadron. Besides the kinematic selection of the two quarks in the fusion process, the contents of the quasmon and the spin of the final hadron are used to determine the probability of a given type of hadron. As the relative probability is necessary for the relative emergence of a type of hadron, the general normalization can be dropped. The factor @ xmath90 counts the spin states of the candidate hadron, the spin states of which are @ xmath92, and the number of combinations of the quarks in the quasmon. For the one, @ xmath95 and xmath95, the quark wave functions @ xmath96 and xmath97 are used. for the one, @ xmath95, the quark wave functions @ xmath96 and xmath95 are used, the number of ways by which a candidate hadron can be formed from combinations of quarks in the quasmon , the factor  xmath91 counts the spin states of a candidate hadron, the factor   cdot z  max  . The covariance of the epa method was proposed by e. fermi. epa was developed by c. Weizsacker and e. williams. epa was developed by l. landau and e. lifshitz. epa was proposed by e. fermi. epa was proposed by c. weizsacker and e. williams. epa was proposed by c. weizsacker and e. williams. epa, for small xmath106, one may use the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the transverse interaction of the two, in a certain sense, also contains the effect of the effect of the effect of the effect of the reversed by the direct and effective effects of the self-selected group of virtual rays with the nucleus. When in this regard it is necessary to take into account that the real rays are always transversely polarized, and that the virtual rays may also be longitudinally polarized. – ‘distribution’ for Xmath124 – by the ratio of xmath125 to xmath124. – by dividing the transverse flux by xmath126, which may be considered the boundary between the low and the high regions – in a given figure – in a given figure – fig. – ‘ – the distribution of a photon at xmath134 by the proportion of a nuclear cross section and an integral over xmath106. – the sum of a counter-scalar which was divided into the normal points of a higher boundary than a higher limit. The thickness of a curtain, for instance, will be less than a foil. The slits of the curtain are assumed to have an integral value over the lower boundary of a curtain, which is the same as the slits of the curtain. The total flux is calculated by means of eq. (neqhq) (black lines) and eq. (diff) (dotted lines). Fig. [5] (Fig. 6] (Fig. 7) - a photon flux for electrons, and for electrons at xmath 106. The dashed lines are integrals over the lower boundary of xmath106 (under the dashed lines in the first two figures) , the solid lines are integrals over the upper boundary of xmath106 (above the dashed lines in the first two figures) . “Contribute to half the total . . . As an aside, from the interaction point of view, the decrease of @ xmath136 is based on two factors: the cross section is reduced by the squared-dipole nucleon form; the factor @ xmath137; and the thresholds for the reaction to higher @ xmath108 are set by the factor @ xmath139, that is, the difference between the @ xmath140 and the @ xmath108 values. From the equation of Fig. c., d. - we show separately the lower - @ xmath106 region (@ xmath149, dashed lines) and the higher - @ xmath106 region (@ xmath150, solid lines) - the integrated flux which is compacted with the cross section approximated by eq. ; the cross section of the combined flux is governed by two factors: the increase in @ xmath106, the squared - xmath137 reaction is reduced to the higher - @ xmath138 part by a factor xmath139, which is the difference between the @ xmath140 and the xmath108 value . - xmath155 , xmath156 , xmath157 the equivalent energy of a particular number of particles in the equation xmath159 ( xmath157) can be obtained for the specific number of particles in xmath158 from the equation xmath159, a hadronic eq . ( diff) is too complicated for the randomization of xmath106, but there is a simple formula which approximates eq . ( diff) above the hadronic threshold ( xmath160). , Fig. . . . . eq . ( diff) , compared to eq . ( diff) ( solid curve) (inversed curve) . because the two curves are almost indistinguishable in the figure, this may be interpreted as a figure of the spectrum of virtual photons, which is the derivative of these curves. and the way that the electrons are incorporated into the ionic apparatus in the classical sphere is regarded as the same as the electron-segmenting mechanism. The present article is intended to show that the quark- exchange mechanism employed in the chips model can not only simulate the clustering of nucleons in nuclei and the fusion of hadrons in nuclear fragments, but can also simulate complicated interactions between photons and hadrons in nuclear matter. It will be enough to say that if the angular dependence of secondary electrons in the ionic-cooled receptacle at 60 mev is analyzed as a relativistic boost, then the velocity of the source will reach xmath180, so that the mass of the source will be less than the pion mass. Experimentally, the angular dependence of secondary protons in photonics is quite strong even at low energies (for example, see, for instance, ref. ) , it is assumed that the intercellular collisions are constant and recursive in normal nuclei. The main purpose of this study is to show that the quark-exchange mechanism used in the chip model not only provides for the clustering of nucleons in nuclei and the evaporation of intercellular excitations into nuclear fragments, but it also models complex interactions between photons and hadrons in nuclear matter. This is a difficult experimental fact to explain in any model. The process has the appearance of knocking out a quasi-free nucleon or cluster from the nucleus. It should be noted that in this process the chipset excitation generator produces not only quasi-free nucleons but also quasi-free fragments. The second situation, illustrated in fig. Fig. Fig. , is a situation where the light energy of a quark parton is decreased by the absorbing of a red fragment (See fig. Fig. 1). The colloquial parton, @xmath122 in fig. Fig. 122, is absorbed by a light energy of the parent cluster (at xmath184 in the lower part of fig. Fig. 122) and then the secondary nucleon or cluster absorbs all the momentum of the light, thus the wave of a residual quasmon is increased. Here the second case, as shown in fig. 122, which gives the second case an angular dependence is the absorption of a light energy by a coloured fragment (as shown in fig. 122) . The second case, as shown in fig. 122, where the angular dependence is derived, is the absorption of the light by a colored fragment (as shown in fig. 122). The first response, having a tangential influence, is the exchange of light and a color, yielding the final state hadron f and the residual quasmon rq . the further fragmentation of the residual quasmon is almost isotropic . For the interacting particles, in the form of particles, being massless, we assume that the cross section of the photon with a particular quark is proportional to the charge of the quark, the parton, and inversely proportional to the mass of the photon-parton system (ls): in the case of a real photon, equation ([p] = xmath190, where xmath196 is the momentum of the virtual photon. In the second case (bottom of Fig. [1] we assume that both the photon and the primary quark-parton are randomized according to the equation [p][1], and after that the normal process of the exchange of the atoms continues, in which the recoiling quark-parton reverts to the first cluster. For the first approximation, we assumed equal probability, but in the future, when the more precise data are obtained, this parameter may be improvised. [Thirty-eight] in the second case (bottom of Fig. 1] we assumed that both the photon and the primary quark-parton, randomly selected according to the equation – 1iii, were to enter the parent cluster, +1math193; and the normal exchange of quarks continues, in which the refractory quark-parton returns to the first cluster. We begin by comparing the data obtained in the refractory quark-parton reaction at +1math198 – 288 a second set of measurements which we take for the benchmark is the secondary proton yield in Xmath10c (e, e @ xmath198) reactions at 123 and 151 mev, which is not even close to the pion production limit on a free nucleon. The same parameters were employed in the experiment, and the resulting data were obtained from the same microcomputer and are presented in fig. [Ga] 123 and gam 151, together with the arithmetic invariant cross section corresponding to Xmath62. Moreover, the angular dependence of the proton yield in the photon reaction at xmath13ca, as seen in fig. [Ga] 216. The inclusion spectra of protons were measured in parallel kinematics in the interaction of the virtual photons with energy at xmath213 and momentum at xmath214 mev / xmath215. The angular dependence of the proton yield in photosynthesis at xmath13ca at xmath205 mev is reproduced very well by the chip-activated experiments. We present the data in figs. g 123 and g 151, with the computations of the invariant inclusion cross section dependent on @ xmath62. Both the measured data and the calculations show considerable strength in the cross section of the proton yield up to the kinematic limits of the reaction. The angular distribution in the model is not as prominent as in the experimental data, but agrees qualitatively with the experimental data. The angular dependence of the proton yield in the low-energy photonic reactions is described by the chip model and the genus of the reaction. It is obvious that the extra yield at xmath220 is a reflection of the specific first act of hadronization with the kinematics of the kinematics of the hydrogen atom. It seems that the same mechanism is capable of modelling the proton yield in such reactions as the e, e, e , e e e , measured at the mit bates of xcite, where it was shown that the region of missing energy above 50 mev reflects 2 two or more particle knockout' (or the continuum in terms of the shell model) . the slope increase with momentum is well represented by the model, but it is obvious that the yield close to the kinematic limit of the xmath221 reaction can only be described in detail if the energy in the residual nucleus is taken into account. the chips model may help understand and model such phenomena.