In this paper we present the data of the last two patches (c and d) of the sky that the public eso imaging survey (eis) was carrying out, in preparation for the first year of vlt. The i-band data are presented here, which cover a total area of 12 square degrees, down to the number xmath6, corresponding to two patches probing an individual part of the sky, about 6 square degrees in length. the primary goal of the survey was to find and survey distant clusters of galaxy clusters, which could be combined with the two patches (a and b) previously reported (olsen 1998a, b, c) and in paper i. the present work is a complement to earlier papers in the series ( nonino 1998; paper ii, prandoni 1998; paper iii), and completes the presentation of the data accumulated by the eis survey performed during the month of July 1997 to march 1998, as part of the wide-field survey of the ntt, described by renzini and da costa (1997) and in paper iii, gives a complete coverage of 12 square degrees. In the selection of the patches, the one selected was to overlap with the ongoing 92 cm broad-angle survey of the southern hemisphere, which was being carried out in the region between xmath and xmath9. Because of time limitations, and the prospect of supplementing the eis observations in the ntt by the new ophthalmological telescope for the 2m eso / mpia eso / mpia eso, this preference was taken to increase the area covered The following three months were spent in the period of november (december for patch d) 1997 to March 1998, analyzing the red channel of the emmi camera on the 3m ntt of la silla. The red channel of emmi was equipped with a Tektronix 2046 chip with a resolution of 0 - 266 arcsec and a useful field of view of about 0 - 266 arcsec. The data for patches c and d consist of 1348 pixels, but for the final analysis only 1203 were accepted, removing from the record 145 frames which were bad – a seeing of less than 1 arcsec. From the figure, one can see that the median seeing of each patch is 15 arcsec (@ xmath12 arcsec) with a concentration of about 25 % of the area covered by a large-area seeing. the good quality of the observations is also evident from the figure [Fig: Seeming] which shows the maximum isophote within 1 arcsec for each patch. The figure shows the average 15 per cent of the square area in each row, in each case it is the minimum isophote (@ xmath12 arcsec). The frames accepted for comparison have a maximum 3  10  10  10  10  10  10  2 10  10  5  10  10  4  10 10  10  10  .5 At the end of February 1998, the ntt team carried out a major realignment of the secondary mirror by the ntt team, to reduce the image distortions seen in the upper half of the chip, especially the upper left-hand corner. At the end of March, there was noticed a slight (at the absolute level of the background noise) profile of faint (as at the absolute level of the background noise) elliptical features that were aligned, for example, along the east-west-west axis, with a fainter than expected reflection of light on moderately bright stars located in the lower half of the chip, which had not previously been seen. these trailing patterns were found randomly in the patch, and no obvious way of removing them was found. Here, of course, the consequence of this feature is that it results in a localized increase of the detection of low-surface brightness objects over a range of magnitudes (typically @xmath19), which has a significant impact on the cluster detection algorithm (e.g., a cluster detection algorithm ). In the last three runs (january – march), it was also noticed faint, on the level of background noise, horizontal lines, which corresponded, in the east-west direction (perpendicular to the readout axis), with moderately bright stars locating in the lower half of the chip not previously seen. This phenomenon was detected in the last three runs (january – march) and the light trails were not clearly perceptible, and there was no way to correct them in advance. This petty problem was more important because it led to a localized increase in the detection of low- surface brightness objects at a range of magnitude and to be able to establish the absolute zero point by a simple zero-point offset, a point which corresponds to the common zero-point of all frames observed in the conditions of the survey. In order to check the accurateness of the zero-point offset and the uniformity of the zero-points, the denis surveys (epchtein 1996) were examined over the surveyed area. The ax-points for these frames were determined from a total of nine fields, of the order of 45 standard stars, taken from Landolt (both in 1992a, b), taken in 10 nights for patch c and patch d in the course of nine nights. There are 340 and 290 such studies covering about 80 % and 60 % of the surveyed area, in patches c and d. in the figure, the region of overlap of the two sources is indicated. The comparison of these figures with the similar numbers of frames presented in the i and iii reports shows that the study in patches c and d is of superior quality, with a much greater fraction of frames taken under photometric conditions. In order to verify the precision of the photometric zero-point over the field of the patch, strips from the ephemeral survey (Ephemeral 1996) were compared with object catalogs extracted from the ephemeral survey in the vicinity of the surveyed area, and the differences between the groups is shown in figure [Fig.] denis . to compare the data with other standards, the ephemeral catalogs were compared with object catalogs extracted from the ephemeral surveys in the region of the surveyed area, which shows that five strips cross c and two strips You must note that the regions of the stars and galaxies described in this paper are remarkably homogeneous and much better than in previous articles of the series because of the much better observation. Note that, in this region, the most accurate and complete catalog is found, which is equal to the predetermined area for stars and galaxies. the new estimate for this interval was obtained by a psf fitting procedure, which was also recently tested. The measurements taken from individual frames are to be used to produce the usual and even and odd object-lists described earlier. This listing is very close to the distribution of stars and galaxies, and is remarkably homogeneous and much better than the previous patch, thanks to the much better viewing conditions. These statistics are also based on a newly developed estimation of the general properties of the retrieved objects, based on a location-dependent psf fitting scheme, which is already being tested. This number is quite small in the zone 0 - 2 square degrees which has been removed, as shown in figure pc-visu . This means that because of the much better detection of the stars and galaxies, it is possible to find out a much better classification down to xmath26 and the completeness is about 0 - 5 mag. The only weakness of the galaxy catalogs in these patches is the presence of some rather thin linear features that can clearly be seen at high resolution (see eis release page) . These features are a consequence of the electronic problem that has been mentioned above and are not easily corrected at the image level . The hardy points of the models are shown in Figure 1 . the image is taken from the model in order to evaluate the number of the atoms. The last set of numbers, as shown in Figure 2 , is the number of atoms. b) - xmath30. However, at this number, and this number of atoms, contamination is possible. - a high drop in the counts at xmath30 is partly due to the relatively high stellarity index adopted, chosen to prevent the loss of galaxies . On the other hand, it is also possible that the model underestimates the contribution of the thick disk, which is a significant contributor in this magnitude range. The large drop in the counts at xmath30 is partly due to the relatively high stellarity index, chosen to minimize the loss of galaxies, a high stellarity index, with a low molarity index, it may be avoided at xmath30. Note that no attempt has been made to match the data of the different patches with the count, which is shown in Figure Fig. Fig. Fig. Fig. Fig. Fig. Fig. Fig. . . . Thus the result is to show the ratio of two points, i.e., xmath33, for the two patches, as the two points have their own specific variations. The scale of the quantification of the ratio may be affected by artificial patterns, especially by the imprint of individual frames, or by the large scale of the differential density of the photosintometric scale. The method of estimating the ratio of the two patches is to employ the two-point angular ratio, xmath33, as, especially at fainter magnitudes, such departures should affect the correlation, especially at the highs and lows. This, moreover, the large contiguous area of patches c and d makes it possible to calculate the ratio to xmath33 degree. See fig. v, and note that the results for patch b are based on the sample obtained from the data of the star cluster removed from the sky (see paper iii) . Note that the result for patch b is that of the galaxy sample obtained from the freeing of the foreground cluster (see paper iii). . However, there is no evidence for any underlying pattern associated with the overlap of different frames. note that the xmath33 coefficient of the angular coefficient is well described by the power law xmath33, where xmath33 is in the range 0 . 7 . The similarity of the slope of the X-math is observed on the smaller X-math for all four X-maths. These results prove that the eis data set is spatially uniform, and that the two-sided correlation function is predictable, independent of the patch. The result is that the eis data set contains more than 6000 astrometric and photometric pixel maps and object-files extracted from individual images, together with a comprehensive scientific archive. The eis data set consists of about 6000 astrometric and photometrically calibrated pixel maps, covering about 96 gb of raw data and over 200 gb of reduced images and derived products. all the information concerning these pixel maps is kept in a continually growing database. The result is that the angular correlation function of the eis galaxy is spatially uniform and invariably independent of the patch, obtaining reproducible results. Campos ( 1995) and neuschaefer and windhorst ( 1995) with relatively small samples are in no way determinative of the size of the sample; postman ( 1998) demonstrates that this smaller sample is to be expected by two separate power-laws. Also, a separate paper has been prepared which names and describes derived possibilities for further work. The eis data set consists of about 6000 physics and calibration images, comprising of a total of 96 gb of raw data and over 200 gb of reduced images and reduced items. The information for these images is kept in a growing database. As expected, the eis-wide has been successful in providing large samples (50 to more than 200 samples) of distant galaxies (Olsen 1998a, B, Scodeggio 1998), and in addition of useful point sources (Zaggia 1998)—large enough for the first year of observation with the vlt, the main goal of eis. as expected, eis-wide has provided large samples (over 200), of distant clusters of galaxies (Olsen 1998a, B, scodeggio 1998), of point sources that could be interesting (Zaggia 1998)—all more than adequate for the first year of observation with the vlt, which is the main goal of eis. In order to expedite the data, all the results refer to single exposures, as has been described in previous papers of the series. the experience acquired by eis in the processing of data, archiving, and mining will now be transferred to the pilot survey, which will involve the survey of the deep field of the vlt by using the wide field camera mounted on the eso / mpia 2 m telescope. the results obtained from the co-added images will be available in due course before the proposal deadline. thank all the persons who have been directly or indirectly involved in the eso , the data are well-rounded, and the site is close, and the eso has thus been extremely close. The results obtained from the co-added images will be available in due course before the proposal deadline. It is also our special thanks to the efforts of our director general riccardo giacconi, a vlt programme scientist, for his scholarly input, support and dedication in making this project possible. Besides, we would like to thank eso's director general, riccardo giacconi, for the help he gave us in this effort. In germany, by the state of baden-wurttemberg, by the dgicyt, in italy, by the consiglio nazionale delle richerche, by the austrian fonds zur frderung der wissenschaftlichen forschung und bundesministerium fr wissenschaft und forschung, in brazil by the fundation for the development of scientific research of the state of so paulo (fapesp) by the hungarian otka grants f-4239 and f- 013990 and eso c ee grant f- 046 .