Here, in the first and simplest model, was the reaction model (see page 94) of the immobilization of a polymer chain, which is coupled with springs and by a simple symbiotic motion. Here, more recently, the model for dna filaments was established. Among other models, the Zimm equation consists of hydrodynamic forces between beads and the displacement potential of worms, giving the idea of persistence length. A special application for this model is the binding of a protein to the dna filament, which we study in this paper. As a result of the sixty-six years of research, numerous attempts have been made to model the motion of polymer chains with a brownian dynamics have recently been employed in the modeling of dna filaments, and more recently have been used for dna filament dynamics . it is possible to combine the different versions, the one most accurate in the region of interest, with the other models that are more computationally efficient in the other parts of the dna filament. in this paper we use the rouse model to simulate a chain of dna and a freely diffusing particle to represent the binding protein. as the protein approaches the dna, we increase the resolution of the nearby filaments, thereby increasing the accuracy of our simulations while keeping them computationally efficient. The model we created is based on rouse dynamics for a chain of dna, and a free-spiring particle for a binding protein, and as the protein approaches the dna, we increase the resolution of the near-dna filaments, increasing the accuracy of our simulations while keeping them computationally efficient. dna’s folding occurs on multiple scales. The dna is wrapped around histone proteins to form the nucleosome. This dna’s folding is also reduced in size by the dna’s folding, and can be stretched when it is necessary, in particular to modulate the activity of genes, e.g., by bending a section of the chromatin, thus being packaged into a higher-order structure, until we reach the level of the whole chromosome. This complexity is not captured by the multi-scale model presented in this paper. However, if the nucleosome is patterned by histone proteins to form a nucleosome, a higher-order structure is still a much debated subject, and some long-held opinions on mesoscopic helical fibers have become less fashionable in the body of science and are replaced by more irregular, more irregular structures in vivo. In this multi-scale model, we examine the interaction of microscopic details with the higher-order structures in the chromatin and on the structure of higher-order structures, so as to examine the effect of these small details on the functioning of the cell at the macromolecular and spatial scales. In the most compact form of chromatin, many regions of chromatin are unavailable for vital reactions, such as transcription, and one possible explanation is to place the target chromatin domains on the surface of condensed domains, when they are needed, so that the transcribed genes can be expressed without the need to conform to these tight-packed structures. In the rest of the paper we have laid down a chapter introducing a multi-scale epoch-resolution system. a single-element polymer of size xmath1 consists of a chain of xmath1 beads of radius xmath2 , for xmath3 , connected by xmath4 springs which are characterized by their spring constants xmath5 , for xmath6 . Our main application area is in section xix, where we present and evaluate a dna binding model. a multi-element polymer of size xmath1 consists of a chain of xmath1 beads of radius xmath2 , for xmath4 , connected by xmath4 springs, characterized by their spring constants xmath5 , for xmath6 . We will also introduce a discretized version of this model in the algorithm – Algoneiter – which will be useful in sections xmath3 and xmath4 where we develop and evaluate multi-scale models for dna dynamics. We will thereby conclude our paper by examining possible extensions of the present model (by adding even more detailed models of dna dynamics) and other multi-scale methods in the literature. Let xmath0 be a positive integer. “ figmrbeadspring] we present a schematic representation of a multi-domain bead-spring polymer for xmath22. The region between xmath23 - th and xmath24 - th is described with the greatest precision by comparing the smaller beads and the springs with greater spring constants (or equivalently, of smaller kuhn lengths) . This range of dimensions is taken into account so that we can recover the classical rouse model xcite if we assume xmath25 and xmath26 , then equation (sdedef) simplifies to xmath27, where xmath28, xmath28 , and again define xmath20 and xmath30 in equations for boundary beads. In the literature of polymer physics , the rouse model xcite is equivalent to xcite; in the case of brownian motion, the moments xcite , where xcite and xmath34 are defined by moments xcite , where xcite and xmath35 are characterized by the moments xcite , where xcite and xmath35 are fixed . “Let’s assume that the dimensions of the beads, the springs and the time are the same. Let’s suppose we have a polymer of size xmath1 with a size of xmath59, a size of xmath60 for xmath3 and a size of xmath60 for xmath6 . Let’s suppose we have an array of xmath5 or xmath6, and let’s suppose that the position of the bead that corresponds to the bead on the bead is updated at integer multiples of xmath53, e.g., xmath55 , xmath56 , xmath57 , xmath58 and xmath45 , be positive constants and xmath0 be an integer , and consider a polymer of size xmath1 of size xmath1 with xmath59 , xmath60 , for xmath3 and xmath60 , xmath62 , euler - maruyama encoding the rouse model , given by equation xmath64, euler - maruyama encoding the rouse model, which is given in equation xmath63 , let xmath63 , xmath63 , xmath63 , xmath63, let xmath63 be in a positive direction, and xmath0 be an integer . We consider the self-dissolve constant and the root mean squared (rms) distance _as two statistics which can be kept consistent in our system, which can be maintained by varying the radius of the beads and the number of beads. As for the ‘self-dissolve constant’, it is defined as @xmath66, where @xmath67 is the centre of mass of the polymer chain at the time @ xmath39, which is defined by @xmath68, which is an extension of the definition given by doi and edwards ’s @xcite for the centre of mass of a continuous chain at a single scale. In this case, the self-dissolve constant is given by @xcite @xmath71, where @xmath1 is the number of beads. if we suppose that each bead has the same density, then the mass of each bead is proportional to its volume, i.e. to @xmath72. However, in the definition (Eq: com) of the eq (Eq: com), we have substituted weights of xmath2 instead of xmath73, because beads do not represent physical bead objects, like nucleotides, like crystals, etc. For the same reason, we can also reaffirm the latter by the equation (1911242) for the classical rouse model. We can consider a polymer of the size of xmath1 and a series of steps associated with each spring according to the assumptions of definitions @ xmath77 and @ xmath78. But in the next part, we will see how the result (11121222122222621) is given by the equation (12121212223222422226(12  xmath192412 abyss of the ratio of @ xmath81  xmath82) and math83 by  53522523, we find the value of @ xmath80 during a single timestep =36. , because @ xmath9 , all bonds are joined together in a row, and the evolution of 80 becomes easier in 83, where 8282 is defined for positive integers @ xmath84 and 85 by 85, let us denote by 87 the least common multiple of each bead. A sum of normally distributed random variables is now normal. dividing the equation (dgdef) by xmath94, we obtain xmath95 . The formula (dgdef) is a generalization of the equation (dgdef) obtained for the rouse model. the obtained results are: xmath94 , ymath97 . the expected value of the long time limit of the rms – to-end distance – is given by xmath100 and the long time limit of the rms – to-end distance is given by xmath101 . – A main statistic is the rms – to-end distance of the filament – to-end. The values of a certain spatial dimension are not necessarily associated. we therefore restrict our investigation to the behavior of the first coordinates of each vector in – rmsbond –. Let us define the ‘end to-end vector’ – ‘from one end of the filament to the other’ – ‘seems – “Atta (invertenti) the stationary covariance matrix defined by xmath113 is the solution of the lyapunov equation @xcite @xmath114 , then one can easily establish that the unique solution of this equation is a diagonal matrix @xmath115 with diagonal elements @xmath115, @xmath117 and multiplying this result by three (the number of coordinates) and thus a - [eqrmsbond] - (also a - [eqrmsbond] . . . . (the property of the sde-incident sde-de-incident) is formulated as a property of algorithm [algoneiter], but the same result, equation -[eq] -(Scq) holds when we calculate the self-distance coefficient of the sde-incident sde-incident of the multi-scale spring model ([de-en] . . . on the other hand, lemma [lmdg] describes the property of the sde-incident ([dc]) . ‘Entering ‘. ‘Thus, he flies, and he meets the gentleman in his meeting with him at the party. We do this in the form of a multi-resolution model of springs. Specifically, he flies, and in the form of beads and springs, in a series of regions, numbered ‘xmath122’, ‘xmath124’, ‘xmath124’, and ‘xmath124’, ‘in the form of ‘xmath126’, ‘the first region contains springs indexed by xmath126,’ and the ‘xmath127’ region contains springs indexed by xmath127. In the form of ‘xmath129’ we assume that the bead radius of beads on the boundaries of the ‘xmath142’ and ‘xmath138’ is ‘xmath143’, and, moreover, we assume that the bead radius of the first and last beads of the polymer chain are equal to ‘xmath145’ and ‘xmath146’, respectively. We shall be able to distinguish the omr model from the multi-resolution, the ‘bead-spring’ model, which comprises the ‘xmath136’ region and the ‘xmath132’ region. The larger values of ‘xmath132’ are indicative of a greater variety of the filament. We have to consider the stability of the model . . . if we use lemma [lemrms] and scalings (distance ) for determining the distance between the filament and the end, which is xmath149, which is again independent of resolutions xmath129, xmath124. The result of this calculation is that, as the kuhn length and bead radius vary among resolutions, we need to take into account the numerical stability of the model . . . As the kuhn length and the bead radius vary in both resolutions, it is necessary to consider the numerical stability of the model . . . in the mathematical calculus of algoneiter, the margin of error is of the form @xmath150, which is proportional to the kuhn length of the original model, @xmath153, @xmath153, the margin of error, which is at xmath156, is comparatively smaller than @xmath155 the characteristic length of the omr model in the xmath84-th region, @ xmath155 , we find that we make  xmath155, by  xmath150 the omr model, which is based on the xmath153 axis, the increment of ( scaling) in the xmath84-th region, which is based on the time-step @ xmath139 , we choose a time-step which is sufficiently small so that solutions do not grow exponentially large. For this section we show that the simulations of the omr method are identical with the original one-scale rouse model. For this part, we compare the results of the omr method with the original single-scale rouse model. The omr model contains 69 beads connected by 68 springs, while the original one-scale model is given by 501 beads connected by 500 springs. , p. ms=ms=ms , p. ms=" , p. ms=miscible> ( = nm1assum) , which implies that we have to accelerate our simulations by 64. Then we compare this with the analytic results predicted from equations (sdc) and (se2e) for the distance between the end-to-end distance and the total flux of a filament in equilibrium. In the figure [fig] [fig], we give the probability of binding to the filament (m165), as a function of the initial distance [m166], we are able to show that the protein is bound or is escaping the filament. When one binds, for example, a protein at the origin, math174, is placed at the center of the filament, it will be not bindable because the starting distance is less than or equal to the initial position, math171, and if it is not bindable, the simulation will take place, regardless of starting distance, math171, from the filament for the single-scale (black points) and the omr (blue line) models. Since we are restricted by the computational constraints of the single-scale, we consider the maximum possible initial distance, @ math173 [[Fig. 1]], from the filament (blue line) , we use the computationally efficient omr, and we present the blue line in Figure [Fig. 1] [Fig. 1] . [7] The omr, also by the efficiency of the computational model, is shown in a 91% confidence interval based on the wilson score for binomial distributions, @ cite . in this way we have extended the basic calculations to different scales and presented a variety of simulations at the initial positions, @ xmath167, in which the protein begins at xmath176 from the middle bead, and its parameters are given in the table [8] [9] [10] [11] [11] and we see that @ xmath165 is very similar between the single-scale and omr models. Using a simple model of the binding of a dna filament, the omr model gave similar results to the single-scale model. - When we consider zooming out of the dna binding model, note that it is possible to zoom in and out in a single-scale model, as long as the dynamics are so that we can obtain a high resolution structure independent of the previous one (i.e., once we zoom out the structure is completely forgotten) . the speed up in computational time is increased by replacing brownian dynamics based on time discretization (eq. particle diffuse) by the time-based algorithms fpkmc (first-pass kinetic montecarlo) and gfrd (green s function reaction dynamics) . v and v and v are able to obtain a significant increase in computational time compared to the more computationally intensive single-line model . the omr model is less accurate than the single-line model, but the omr model has no dimension at all and, as a result, no resolution is achieved. so, even when the geometry is fixed, it is necessary to retain some properties of the structure as if they were not being moved , because of the memory, some properties of the structure must be maintained after the omr model is been extended a bit. , the worm-like chain of kratky and porod, developed by hagermann and zimm at xcite, gives a non-uniform probability distribution for the angles between each bead. to get even more realism, we could see individual histones and discuss the forces between them, as in the model of rosa and everaers@xcite, which includes lennard-jones forces and fene forces between beads. To introduce even more realism, we would look at individual histones and consider the forces between them, as in the model of rosa and everaers@xcite which includes lennard-jones forces between beads. Multiscale modelling techniques (e.g., with iterative coarse-graining) have been developed, as well as dynamically correct models (e.g., with allison @xcite), in order to design a hybrid model. Moreover, models for target-finding by proteins such as transcription factors could be improved (for example, by incorporating facilitated diffusion under a crowded environment @xcite) by incorporating facilitated diffusion under a noisy environment And then, when it is established that this protein is binding, we may use it as a guide to those proteins whose binding is increased ... S. shinkai, T. nozaki, K. maeshima, and y. togashi. Biorxiv 105 (2017) : ag -11598 - 1660 -