, the cataclysmic variables (cvs) are short-term binaries containing a white dwarf (wd) primary (with mass @xmath2), and a low mass secondary (with mass @xmath3), which fills its roche lobe and transfers mass to the wd through the inner lagrangian (@xmath4) point. This is summarized in figure [merged] . The main characteristics of the orbital period distribution of cvs with hydrogen-rich donors are the lack of systems in the 2 - 3 hr interval (the so-called period gap) and the sharp cutoff at around 77 minutes, as can be seen in figure [merged] (upper frame; e.g.ritter & kolb 1998). the probability of finding a system within a given period interval is proportional to the time taken to develop through this region . . . the probability of finding a system in a given period range is proportional to the time taken to evolve through this region . we therefore expect an accumulation of systems (a swell) around @xmath9 where @xmath10 – figure [merged] , but not a swell in the observed distribution ( Figure [merged] ] . In this paper we investigate ways to increase the minimum period by increasing the mass transfer rate, and we study ways to hide the spike by increasing the number of people in the cv population. In particular, we investigate the effect of a mode of consequential am loss (caml) where the am is lost because of the mass transferred from the secondary, i.e. @xmath16 (see e.g. Webbink 1985) . in section (concept) we set out detailed calculations of the long-term evolution of cvs, and in section (cvst) we compare the observed short-term cv period with theoretically-formulated models, based on the calculations in section 2. In this section we discuss possible solutions to the mismatch between the theoretical and observed minimum orbital period in cvs. the orbital am loss rate of a cv can be expressed as the sum of two terms: sys + caml, where xmath17 is the systemic am loss rate, independent of mass transfer, while xmath17 is the explicit function of the mass transfer rate. We consider the general case where the caml mechanism, in conjunction with nova mass ejections, causes a fraction of the mass transferred from the primary to the system, this fraction may be greater than unity, because during a nova eruption the primary will lose more mass than accreted since the last eruption. vs. for the calculations we have used the stellar code by mazzitelli (inc.) and adapted to vs. by kolb &ritter (inc.) . these are compatible with the results of the metric cvs that have passed through the system. we assume that the mass that has passed through the system is lost via mass loss that is axisymmetrical to the axis a, fixed at the centre but perpendicular to the orbital plane. we then assume that a fraction (@xmath19) of the transferred mass leaves the system with a fraction (@xmath21) of the angular momentum that was gained by the transfer at the @xmath4 point. For our calculation, we derived the approximation 1 + -,  3 = , where we take the efficiency of the caml. For the computations we used the stellar code by mazzitelli (89) and the cv code by kolb & ritter ( 1992) . we do this by means of the version given by kopal ( 1959), accurate to within 0.1 percent of the range @xmath25. A proper reflection of the maximum efficiency of the apparatus at xmath30 is given. The calculation is based on the formula for the observable stability of mass transfer. The upper limit is the number of cycles of xmath30 (set at a value of 0), and a lower limit at xmath32. The angular momentum of the ejected material may be more than the ejected material, as in a system which is spinning, but this does not hinder the net loss of orbital momentum. This maximum capacity of the caml efficiency which is still compatible with mass transfer stability may be smaller than one. — a plot of xmath30 against xmath32 for a initially marginally stable system (xmath33, xmath34 and xmath35) is shown in figure 2 . 5 1 2 2  2  2 a. the stability parameter xmath30 (e.g., 1 ) must be greater than zero; it determines the upper limit for xmath31. Initially the system exhibits periods of high mass transfer rates @ xmath36 (xmath36 about 0, very low) and very low mass transfer rates @ xmath37. The high rates are short-lived, of the order of xmath38 years (see figure  = highmdot) . The tidal deformation of the secondary may affect the minimum. And yet, the finite point equation (Geodiger, 1989), though it is only valid for a quadripole equation, rezzolla, ury, and yoshida (2001) have shown that the percent re-equilibrium of a quadrupole result is insignificantly smaller than the percent re-equilibrium of the quadrupole equation of the loss due to gravitational radiation (Geodiger, 1989) is, however, small. This is understandable from the functional dependence of orbital period and the donor mass in the standard quadripole equation of the equator (Faubourgau et lifschitz 1958) . although the quadripole formula is strictly valid only if both components are point masses, Rezzolla, ury et al. (2001) found that the ratio of orbital period and donor mass is not much greater than that obtained from the plane equation. This is, we note, much larger than the intuitive expectation ( )  =  =  =  =  = 1 . in our calculations, we consider the simple case, in which only the geometrical deformations are taken into account. An unknown physical mechanism is possible that could induce a deformation of the number 1—this is magnetic pressure, as suggested by dantona (2000) . This is somewhat larger than the intuitive expectation ( = )  = 1—from kepler’s law and roche geometry. ) to obtain the period distributions of model populations for various parameters – for each parameter we had a series of evolutionary tracks , usually between 20 and 50 years – were compiled. Using a gallop plotting the mean xmath value, and assuming a constant coefficient of xmath, the values of xmath51 and xmath52 were calculated from the final few data points of each track. The values of xmath51 and xmath52 were calculated from the final few data points of each track – and in the case of systems beyond the period period, a rather greater difference was seen between the parent and parent distributions. The stellar code is constructed of tables to interpolate and extrapolate the opacities and equations of state for each iteration, and in this region the extrapolations become extremely uncertain. To extend the time series, we used a semi-analytical method as follows. The stellar code uses tables to interpolate and extrapolate the opacities and equation of state for each iteration, and in this region the extrapolations are extremely uncertain. After the minimum period the circle of stars is approximated by r _ 2 = r _ 0m_ 2, where @ xmath51 and @ xmath52 are assumed to be constant. The maximal difference between the parent and the extended spectrum of these two structures is represented by a value of 1 ... 0 for systems beyond the period of divergence. In the following order, we compared the observed distribution with the corresponding observed parent distribution, which was cut down by the length of 12 and 44 minutes, and therefore the rejection probability of 40.0 10, the number of generated samples with a reduced 25=10, was used as a measure of the significance of rejecting the hypothesis that the observed distribution is drawn from the parent distribution , namely the fraction of generated samples with a reduced 255 value less than 25 and the fraction of generated samples with a reduced 2510510101010201010 , the fraction of generated samples with a reduced 2101010101010121010101110201010105010151510101015101010 , and in the following we compared the two distributions with a flat in @xmath7* (see table, Tablecomb, Substitution, f and g), which give similar 0791010011110510101010101071010101010105101020103010401010101010405101012151010101010101020805, 109 I mean, for the double-boxed idealized pdfs based on the pdf in the figure (together) (upper frame), the required weighting was xmath63, @ xmath64.1 This weighting was effective in obscuring the period spike. This weighting is capable of reducing the interval, by the use of deformation factors of one order, to the order of xmath64 , which is still relatively large in the order of xmath64. However, this ratio is based on a physical property that may be different. We can enlarge the degree of sturdiness by adding systems with deformation factors of one order of magnitude , and by using the weighting of xmath68 , but it still gives the quite large value xmath69 . Moreover, if the shape of the input sheet is given, the weighting is adapted to the size of the pdf. For the double box-shaped idealised pdfs, like the one we have shown in Figure 2, are needed to be weighed in equal measures (i.e. the upper limit of xmath31) . However, for longer periods , such a parent population is unsuited to the long period. We have examined mechanisms that can increase the time of cvs from the canonical theoretical value of xmath0 to the observed value of xmath72. Moreover, we assume that gravitational radiation is only the sink of orbital am. - we have considered cvs that are bloated (in intrinsic) by intrinsic effects, as in the case of the spiral deformation of star roche-lobes. we consider cvs that are bloated because of intrinsic effects, such as the tidal deformation that occurs in 3-Dark --> dim simulations of star roche-lobes. - there is an impossible deformation factor of about 1 - 18 m to get a period of xmath45 min. a minimum am loss of about 1 m is needed to get a period of xmath45 min. It is not in the observed distribution. We have studied mechanisms that can increase the bounce period of cvs from the canonical theoretical value of xmath0 to the observed value of xmath72 min, and ways to flush out the theoretically predicted accumulation of systems at the minimum period (the period spike) .. because the real population of cvs is likely to consist of systems with a range of caml efficiencies we would expect to have a distribution from xmath0 to xmath72, rather than the observed sharp cut-off. No evidence of how many cvs or cvs in the new generation can be compiled to account for the period-bubble swing we have studied. Despite this, it is possible that systems may die or fade before reaching the time-bubble sweep and thus become undisturbed as cvs. This is borne out by the fact that the very different groups of non-magnetic and magnetic cvs show almost exactly the same value of xmath9 (see Figure [8] Fig. ]) strongly suggests that the physical cause of this eventual fading must be the donor stars, the evolution, rather than the accretion physics or the equivalence properties of the systems. but all of our model populations show no more than the xmath79 distribution, which is simply flat in orbital period (in the absence of all models the rejection probability is lowered), whereas models with larger masses (the rejection probability is lowered by the broader mass spectrum) and are less resistant to deviation from the apparent range. The hypothesis that the highly luminous systems carry a far greater weight than expected in a simple magnitude-limited sample (selection factor xmath79 for xmath81 rather than xmath81) is an extremely strong argument that the physical cause of the possible fading is rooted in the primary stars or in the evolution rather than in the absorption physics or in the emission properties of the systems. Therefore, most of our synthesised model populations do not resemble the observed distribution, which is, as it were, flat in orbital period (rejection probability xmath78). This is because, as a result, the difference between the sample and the sample is not very uniform, In this way we established the flat orbital period distribution by superimposing idealised pdfs of the cv distribution that reflect subpopulations of cvs with a fixed initial donors and initial wds, but with different bounce times. Consequently we repeated this experiment with a realistic pdf, but we were unable to obtain a considerably better fit. We thank graham wynn, andrey king, and isabelle baraffe for the advice of graham wynn. Moreover, we thank the criterion critic jean-marie hameury for useful comments. In conclusion, we conclude that the period minimum problem and the period spike problem are still open issues.