he inferred to be the main origin of the jet-causing phenomena observed at xcite in nucleus nucleus collisions at xmath2 xmath3 . Parton energy loss by radiation by gluons is expected to depend on the properties (gluon density and volume) of the “medium” that is formed in the collision, and on the properties (color charge and mass) of the “parton” parton @ xcite .[349] Moreover, charm and beauty quarks are qualitatively different probes in comparison with light partons, as their energy loss is expected to be reduced by the mass-dependent restriction of the phase space into which radiation by gluons can occur. “We study the kinetics of the moderate and strong partons by complementing the perturbative qcd calculations of the baseline_*___ distributions, by including the exchange coefficients and the decomposition__, for which a bdmps decomposition was added. [46] The range favored by these data is “” “.” [48] The ” ” value is chosen in order to reproduce the nuclear modification factor of xmath6 measured in the central collisions of xmath7. The state of the art perturbative predictions (fonll) which we rely on for our baseline would indicate that in pp collisions, charm decays dominate the electron -xmath4 spectrum, up to about 5 -xmath4 . in the case of collisions with pp, the energy -xmath4 spectrum was quite weak, as we shall see later. Thus, electrons are particularly sensitive to the mass hierarchy of parton energy loss. However, there is a great deal of perturbation of the -xmath4 range of the lower -xmath13 decay / -xmath14 decay crosses point , if you will vary the order of factorization and normalization of the scales . this position can vary from 3 to 9 gev . Moreover, this calculation tends to underestimate the non-photonic electron spectrum of pp collisions @xcite. The state of the art perturbative predictions (fonll) that we use as a baseline indicate that charm decays dominate the electron in pp collisions up to about 5 gev . Moreover, this perturbative uncertainty is due to the variable and axiomatic instability of the two graphs. We use standard NLO perturbative predictions for the @xmath13 and @xmath14 — xmath4 — difference in cross-sections @xmath17. Figure (fig. 9) — thick lines—shows our results for the heavy-to-light ratios of xmath0 and xmath1 mesons @xcite, defined as the ratios of the nuclear modification factors of xmath18 mesons to that of light-to-light hadrons (@xmath19) : xcite . We conclude that the enhancement of light-to-light was small and limited to xmath22, whereas for xmath1 mesons there was a great enhancement to xmath23. Thus, the comparison of high- @xmath4 suppression for xmath0 mesons and light-to-light hadrons will measure the color-to-charge dependence (a quark parent vs. a gluon parent) of parton energy loss. . . . therefore, it should be possible to direct a direct comparison of the attenuation of light-to-light Hadrons, xmath0 mesons, and xmath1 hadrons. Figure (fig lhc) (loaf lines) shows the predicted nuclear modification factors for xmath18 and xmath1 hadrons, and the main gradients in the medium density for central collisions at xmath16.