Xcitect - "entered!" has been a subject of great interest in statistical physics, mainly because it is able to produce extra symmetry and create rich low-temperature structures. However, the frustration, as a result of which the systems possess additional symmetry, exhibit the corresponding global rotation symmetry - . the distortions of this symmetry occur from two type transitions, one the magnetic transition of the kosterlitz thouless type, a chiral transition - the breakdown of these symmetries results from two types of phase transitions: one corresponding to the magnetic transition of kosterlitz-thouless type (kt) and the other from the chiral transition. The numerical realization of this system is usually based on the lattices of the coupled josephson junctions, in the gyroelectric field, and in the spherical sphere, and discotic liquid crystals - . For the 2d xy model the effect of the fold symmetry - breaking fields is an interesting subject; it is the same as for the State-Clock, where only the discrete values are allowed for the angle of the xy spline. The second is the af xy model on the triangular sphere, . One study by noh et al. [111] investigated the af six-state clock model on the triangular lattice. This study used the Metropolis Monte Carlo model in particular because of its application to monolayers physisorbed on graphite. However, they did not focus on the lower temperature phase transition of the Kt type. Therefore, it is necessary to obtain exact numerical information. Most recently, a great deal has been achieved in the development of efficient algorithms of Monte Carlo simulation. particularly, a number of attempts have been made to calculate the energy density of states (dos) directly. The best of these attempts were the multicanonical method, the broad histogram method, the flat histogram method, and the wang and landau method. , all of these methods use the random walk in the energy space. Thus, the question is very simple, as, the case of the fully frustrated xy model is well known to be a debate that involves very fine values. Most studies affirm the single transition and a single transition, and, meanwhile, all studies favor double transitions, and, meanwhile, many studies affirm the double transition and always find that there are two critical temperatures that are slightly different. The numerical analysis of the six-state clock model in the triangular lattice is also very efficient and efficient, and some efforts have been made to produce a direct calculation of the energy density of states (dos) in one place. It was a simulation of calculating the dos directly. The rest of the paper was written as follows: in the next section we described the model and briefly explained the simulation method. the hamiltonian (as opposed to a hamiltonian) is unaffected by the symmetries of the global spin rotation, the global spin reflection, and the hamiltonian. the breaking of these symmetries would cause two kinds of ordering, which corresponded respectively to magnetic and chiral orders. a bilinearity of f and af couplings on the square lattice is obtained by taking a regular mixture of f and af couplings. In this case, we obtain a fully constrained system. The symmetries of the hamiltonian (“hamiltonian”) are described by the hamiltonian @xmath19, where @xmath19 signifies the summation of neighboring interactions, and @xmath21 a unit planar spin vector occupying the @xmath22-th site, and @xmath23 the angle associated with the @xmath22-th spin. Then the chirality component of the vector chirality is considered. In the case of the gs configuration shown in fig. [Fig. 1] the local chirality takes the form of a crosswise ring of right-handed (positive) and left-handed (negative) symmetry. The local chirality of the elementary triangle is defined by xmath40   z = frac  2   3  sqrt 3  sum  j ,  sin  in  triangle   sin  sin (theta  theta  theta  j) in   triangle   sin (theta  theta  j), where the numerical factor in eq. (chiral) is chosen so that the maximum of the absolute value is one , a local chirality on the elementary triangle is defined by the local chirality on the elementary triangle. The local chirality takes a checkerboard pattern of the right-hand (positive) and the left-hand (negative) orientations, and the local chirality at xmath42 becomes the order parameter of the symmetry breaking transition. . . . it was indicated in passing that if the number of potential moves was xmath56, then the total number of potential moves was xmath58. The resolution factor xmath55 gradually dwindled to unity by examining the 'flatness' of the energy histogram; the histogram of all possible possible moves is not less than some value of the average histogram, for example, -0 - 0 . . . the energy dos is related to the number of potential moves, as xmath59, where xmath60 referred to the microcanonical average with fixed xmath49. in describing the broad histogram, oliveira et al. stressed that xmath56 is a macroscopic quantity, and this is why we use the number of potential moves. We measure the average of the potential move, xmath61, and use this information to get a better estimate of the energy dos. in the proposed broad histogram, Xcite, oliveira et al. stressed that xmath56 is a macroscopic quantity, and the advantage of defining the number of potential moves was the advantage of the number of potential moves. We call the general histogram eq. (bhr) the broad histogram eq. Hence the number of reeds of the order, xmath7, in a given case. ; (2) the spacing between the spins is in terms of the roan of the metal, and the diameter of the metal is in terms of the z . ; ; and the quantity of reeds, xmath73, is given in terms of the distance between the metals, in terms of the two-dimensional normality of the area. ; also, the difference in the thermal coefficients of the individual lattices, in fig. (Fig. ds.) we show the ratio of the magnetic and chiral coefficients in terms of the temporal and critical properties of the transition. For the analysis of the critical behaviour and the transition temperature, it is necessary to define the magnetic and chiral correlations. 229 The magnetic and chiral correlations are described as follows: xmath79, where xmath79 is the fixed distance between spins, and xmath79 is the corresponding ave. We give a temperature dependence of specific heat for various lattice sizes. We have also observed a hump of the lower temperature horizon around xmath77, which may be connected with a transition of kt type. And the ratio of the correlated spins with different distances has a finite-size scale (fss), where the distances are set at xmath89 and xmath90. This means that, for two distances, we occupy two ratios, Xmath87 and Xmath88, and in the present work we assign xmath90 and xmath90, respectively , and we evaluate the correlation ratios of xmath91 and xmath92, where xmath93 and xmath94 are called eqs (magchi1 and a) and eqs (magchi2). - The relative slope of the magnetic correlation, Fig. - a, sees that the curves of different sizes join in the middle temperature (at xmath96) and pass out to the low temperature and the high temperature - this is the same as the unmistakable six-state clock, where a chiral transition is proposed at xmath11 and a chiral transition at xmath0. This is the same as that of the six-state clock, which in xcite suggests that there are two transitions of kt type at xmath11 and a chiral transition at xmath0. This chiral transition is not obvious from the specific heat plot because the dielectric peak is hidden by the chiral transition. , we plotted the kt temperatures of the magnetic order using eq. ( [t_ kt]) where the numbers in parentheses indicate the uncertainty of the last digits. We used a quadratic function in eq. (t_ kt) in order to incorporate correction terms. , we plotted the data for xmath99 in relation to xmath103, eq. (t_ kt) for the best-fitting parameters of eq. (t_ kt), and (b) for xmath108 of the af six-phase clock model on the triangular lattice for xmath66. The value of xmath102 was set to 0 . . . , 0 . . . and 0 . . . , where the numbers in parentheses denote the uncertainty in the last digits. The value of xmath102 was set to 0 . . . , 0 . . . and 0 . . . , 0 . . , 0 . . 0 in a) and 0 . . . 0 in b) . (ECR) - 200, 300, 200,  199 , 200, 200, 100 and  200, 200,  106 are shown in a and a and a and a, 200 and 200 in a. . . . the value of xmath83 is calculated as the slope of the best-fitted line for each constant of xmath110 . . . in the kt phase, xmath102 is directly related to the temperature . . . the exponent xmath83 is very similar to the kt transition, because it is constant at xmath82 . . . the reason for xmath83 is that it is almost constant at the temperature xmath111. . . . as you can see, the exponent xmath83 is quite different for larger exponents. " The curve of the best-fitting straight line of the corresponding Xmath102 is the value of the corresponding Xmath83. the interpolation of the "xmath83" by Xmath103 is exactly like the curve of a figure from a pencil. [ Fig. d] show the value of xmath103, which gives xmath0 by the arrow , the predicted value of xmath103 is 0 . 310 and 1 . 76 for xmath115, 0 . . . . and 0 . . . apposed to Xcite the first result is that the exponents of the kt transition are universal, that the last result did not prove. [16] By arithmetic, we estimate the exponent of xmath103 at higher kt temperature . . . and . . . by extrapolation. [16] For the resolution of the phma, we have observed that the chiral transition is a little higher than phma’s for the transition of kts, which is consistent with many studies on double junctions. Our result shows that the chiral transition occurs at a slightly higher rate than phma’s for the transition to a second order, while phma’s for the transition to a second order. Earlier, the prattunov vejchkovrdvznovrdr’n had declared that the phase transition that results from the unbinding of vortex pairs takes place at a lower temperature than the phase transition that results from the formation of the ising-type domain wall. olsson vejrdr> suggested that in the fully perturbed xy model the critical phenomena are not governed by the ising-universe class. In this respect, the study of the six-state chisel clock model was performed using the wang-landau method and the broad histogram relation, and this model was very close in kin with the 2d fully perturbed xy model. Moreover, we have also observed that the lower temperature of the transition in chisel mode is a result of the discrete symmetry of the clock model. This work was supported by the Japan Society for Scientific Research (JPIN) . a gratification is extended to the authors by a grant in aid of science from the Japan Society for Scientific Research . s. teitel and c. jayaprakash, phys. b * 27 *, 598 ( 1983) . e. granato, j. m. kosterlitz, j. lee, and m. p. nightingale, phys. b * 49 *, 15184 ( 1994) . s. lee and c. jayaprakash, phys. b * 27 *, 15184 ( 1994) . g. ramirez-santiago and j. v. jose, phys. b * 50 *, 598 ( 1983) . e. granato, j. m. kosterlitz, j. lee, and m. p. nightingale, phys. b * 49 *, 15184 ( 1994) . p. olsson, phys. lett. b * 50 *, 3082 (1996) . b * 57 *, 10467 (1996) . . . . . j. . . . joannopoulous, j. . . negele, and d. p. landau, phys . b. . . r. n . r . s . h . eikmans, j. e. van himbergen, h. . . knops, and j. m. thijssen, phys . b. . . . l133 (1996), j. j. a. . . . . . . . . . s. lee, e. granato, and j. m. kosterlitz, phys . b. . . , 450 ( 1986) . d. . . . . . . xu and b. . . p. m. c . de Oliveira, eur . j. b . b . b . b . f . wang and d . p. landau, phys . e . b . c . de oliveira, eur . j . b . b . b . b . a berg and u . h . e . hansmann, eur . j . b . . . , 111 ,