= Mega Man & Bass =


Mega Man & Bass , known in Japan as Rockman & Forte ( ロックマン & フォルテ , Rokkuman ando Forute ) , is an action @-@ platform video game developed and published by Capcom . It is a spin @-@ off title in the original Mega Man series and was originally released exclusively in Japan on April 24 , 1998 for the Super Famicom . Mega Man & Bass was ported to the Game Boy Advance ( GBA ) handheld in 2002 and was localized in North America and PAL regions the following year .

After defeating the evil Dr. Wily many times , the robotic hero Mega Man is called into action once again when a powerful being known as King steals the blueprints to the creations of Dr. Wily and Dr. Light in order to create an army for robotic dominance over humans . Having learned of the threat , Mega Man 's rival Bass decides to take matters into his own hands . The game is an action @-@ platformer where the player advances by defeating bosses and acquiring their signature weapons . Mega Man & Bass lets the player choose between either of its title characters , each of which plays differently from the other .

Mega Man & Bass debuted on the aging 16 @-@ bit Super Famicom despite the series having already transitioned to the PlayStation and Sega Saturn with Mega Man 8 . Artist and designer Keiji Inafune claimed Mega Man & Bass was created with regard to younger players who did not yet own one of the more advanced gaming systems . The game received positive remarks from critics for its graphics and use of a tried @-@ and @-@ true gameplay formula , though many found the difficulty to be too steep . Although Mega Man & Bass shares many traits with previous console games in the series , the ninth numbered title would not be released until 2008 .


= = Plot = =


The story of Mega Man & Bass varies slightly depending on which player character is chosen . It begins One year after Megaman 8 when a robot villain named King breaks into Dr. Wily 's laboratory and then the Robot Museum to collect the data blueprints for the creations of Dr. Light . Dr. Light alerts the hero Mega Man that he must go at once to the Robot Museum to confront this new enemy . Meanwhile , Bass ( Mega Man 's rival and Wily 's greatest creation ) hears of the new criminal 's appearance and decides to prove himself the stronger robot by defeating King . Proto Man is the first to arrive at the scene . King divulges his plan to him ; he desires to create a utopia in which robots rule the world over humans . To accomplish this , King seeks to create an unstoppable army using the data and invites Proto Man to join him . Proto Man refuses and attempts to attack , but King counters and slices his body in half . Proto Man then teleports back to the lab for repairs while King escapes with the data , instructing his minions to handle the heroes . With their own motivations , Mega Man and Bass set out to put a stop to King 's plans .

After vanquishing eight powerful robots under allegiance to King ( Cold Man , Astro Man , Ground Man , Magic Man , Tengu Man , Dynamo Man , Pirate Man , and Burner Man ) , the duo infiltrates his castle and engages him in combat . Proto Man interrupts the fight and again attempts to defeat their new nemesis . Putting all of his remaining energy into a blast , Proto Man manages to destroy King 's shield and loses consciousness , allowing Mega Man and Bass to best King in battle afterwards . King questions why they fight so hard for humans when robots are the superior species . The pair explains that humans are the ones who created robots in the first place , which confuses King . The villain reveals that his creator is Dr. Wily , who then appears on a video monitor . When King asks the evil inventor why robots fight each other for the sake of humans , Wily strengthens his " brainwashing level " and restores his power . Mega Man and Bass engage King in another battle and defeat him , but not before the latter teleports Proto Man out of his castle . The castle begins a self @-@ destruct sequence and the protagonists escape without King .

Mega Man and Bass begin a final confrontation with Dr. Wily in his newly regained laboratory . When Wily is beaten , Bass demands to know why he deceived him . Wily explains that he created King simply to test Bass ' abilities . Wily shows him written plans for making a newer version of King to join with Bass in this venture , promising that the two would be invincible together . Proto Man appears and immediately destroys these plans . Wily then demands Bass to destroy Proto Man , but Bass is unsure . It was then Proto Man tells Bass that although he is a strong robot of free will , he can never defeat his rival because he has nothing for which to fight . Bass doesn 't care and forces Proto Man to leave , saying that he will still destroy Mega Man to prove his cause . Mega Man returns home where his sister Roll presents him a letter from King , who has somehow escaped the destruction of his castle . King wishes to atone for his own crimes against humans and hopes for them to be friends if they were to meet in the future .


= = Gameplay = =


The gameplay in Mega Man & Bass is similar to earlier games in the series . The player is tasked with completing a series of action @-@ platform stages while overcoming obstacles , solving minor puzzles , and battling enemies . Destroying the " Robot Master " boss at the end of a stage lets the player acquire its special weapon . In previous games , the player generally took on the role of the hero Mega Man . In this game , the player can choose to start the game as either Mega Man or Bass . However , whichever character is picked must be used for the rest of the game and cannot be changed . Mega Man is able to charge his shots to make them more powerful and has the ability to slide along the ground . Bass is able to rapidly fire his arm cannon in eight directions , though shots cannot be fired while moving or pass through walls unless a certain upgrade is obtained . Bass is also able to double @-@ jump ( jump a second time in mid @-@ air ) and dash along the ground . Performing both simultaneously lets him cross great distances by doing a dash @-@ jump .

The stage structure is different from other games in the series . After the introduction level , the player can only choose between three Robot Masters . Defeating Cold Man unlocks Burner Man and Pirate Man ; defeating Astro Man unlocks Dynamo Man , Tengu Man , and Pirate Man ; and defeating Ground Man unlocks Magic Man and Tengu Man . Clearing one of these unlocked stages opens the way to a security room where the player must destroy a series of crystals with obtained Robot Master weapons . Bypassing all eight crystals opens the way to the fortress stages . In a similar fashion to previous installments in the series , enemies often drop bolts after they are destroyed , and these can be exchanged for various restorative items and upgrades . However , unlike in Mega Man 7 the security cavern offers a way to obtain large amounts of bolts without having to repeatedly visit stages . Some upgrades are unique to either character , such as Mega Man 's ability to call on his dog Rush to search for items , or an adaptor for Bass to combine with his wolf Treble to temporarily fly . Also distributed throughout the introduction and Robot Master levels are a collection of 100 data CDs that contain information on many prominent characters in the series . Most of the CDs are hidden either behind obstacles that need to be destroyed with a special weapon or accessed with a character @-@ specific ability , making it impossible to collect them all on a single playthrough . CDs collected in each playthrough are permanently placed in a database and remain unlocked after beating the game . Saved games are used in place of the series ' traditional password system .


= = Development = =


Mega Man & Bass was developed for the Super Famicom after the release of Mega Man 8 , which preceded Mega Man & Bass on the two 32 @-@ bit consoles , the PlayStation and Sega Saturn . According to series producer Keiji Inafune , Mega Man & Bass was intended for younger players who still owned a Super Famicom and did not have the means to experience Mega Man 8 on one of the newer systems . " Even though trying to bridge out a new title on the [ Super Famicom ] was a little backwards at the time , we didn 't want to make a half @-@ hearted attempt at it , " Inafune explained . The design team included several new employees , as well as members of previous Mega Man games . Inafune required them to make the game " as hardcore as possible " . Designer Hideki Ishikawa recalled the development of Mega Man & Bass as " one big party " . The staff attempted to create an original game while avoiding the " same old , same old [ ... ] pitfall " that so many long video game series suffer and " had a lot of fun doing it " .

Graphically , Mega Man & Bass uses many of the same two @-@ dimensional sprites and animations as Mega Man 8 . Two of the eight Robot Master bosses in Mega Man & Bass ( Tengu Man and Astro Man ) are borrowed from Mega Man 8 . The other six were newly created for the game by three character designers : Hitoshi Ariga ( credited as " H. Ariga " ) , Yoshihiro Iwamoto ( credited as " Y. Iwamoto " ) and Koji Izuki ( credited as " K. Iduki " ) designed two characters each . The bosses were officially unveiled on a teaser page in the Kodansha magazine Comic BonBon . Each boss was given distinct characteristics so that they could be easily identified by players in both their aesthetics and personalities . Some of these characters had different names during their conceptual phase prior to the finalization of the game . " Blast Man " became Burner Man , " Freezer Man " became Cold Man , and " Coil Man " became Dynamo Man . Iwamoto originally denoted Ground Man as " Drill Man " despite there already being a Robot Master by that name in Mega Man 4 . The musical score for Mega Man & Bass was composed by Akari Kaida ( credited as " A. Kaida " ) , Naoshi Mizuta ( credited as " N. Mizuta " ) , and " Kirikiri @-@ chan " ( real name unknown ) . Rather than create tracks together , each composer was responsible for their own songs . Kaida would later work with other composers in the Mega Man series on the soundtrack for Mega Man 10 , released in 2010 .

Mega Man & Bass was originally available in Japan through the Nintendo Power game service in Lawson convenience stores . Its popularity prompted Capcom to later release the game in Super Famicom cartridge form . Until its GBA re @-@ release , it was one of the few Mega Man titles not localized for English @-@ speaking countries . The company commemorated the 15th anniversary of the Mega Man franchise with the GBA version of the game .


= = Reception and legacy = =


The GBA port has received generally positive critical reviews , currently holding an aggregate score of 79 % on both GameRankings and Metacritic . Most critics found the game to be a solid yet conventional action @-@ platformer that successfully adheres to the classic Mega Man formula . Electronic Gaming Monthly summarized that Mega Man & Bass is " one of the best action games on GBA " and " a great , if slightly derivative , platformer " with plenty of replay value due to the collectible CDs . GamePro was pleased with the game 's fidelity to its predecessors when compared to the deviations made by the Mega Man Battle Network and Mega Man Zero series on the same system . GameSpy contrarily criticized its lack of innovation , declaring , " Anyone that hasn 't tried a Mega Man game yet would be better advised to spend $ 15 on a new copy of Mega Man 8 on the PSOne rather than paying $ 30 for an inferior retread of the same game " .

Many reviews also noted the game 's high difficulty . Both Giancarlo Varanini of GameSpot and Craig Harris of IGN found that the game 's bosses have very unpredictable attack patterns , thus making the battles extremely challenging . Harris additionally observed a heavy amount of trial @-@ and @-@ error for the levels themselves where the player must die several times before completing each one . He concluded , " [ ... ] It 's really the way Mega Man games have always been ... and to be honest , with all of the annoying little deaths in the game , there 's always that sensation after every failure that you 've learned the challenge , and perseverance definitely prevails in this game " .

According to Famitsu , Mega Man & Bass for the GBA sold 91 @,@ 097 copies in Japan between its release date and the week of December 23 , 2002 . Nintendo Power listed Mega Man & Bass as the 14th best GBA game of all time in its 20th anniversary issue in 2008 . A related game exclusive to Japan titled Rockman & Forte Mirai kara no Chōsensha ( ロックマン & フォルテ 未来からの挑戦者 , lit . Rockman & Forte : Challenger from the Future ) was released for the WonderSwan handheld in 1999 . The plot consists of the titular duo 's struggle against an adversary named " Rockman Shadow " . As Mega Man & Bass was released directly after Mega Man 8 and it shares plot and gameplay characteristics with the rest of the numbered titles in the series , many believed it to be the ninth main game in the series ; however , the actual Mega Man 9 would not be released until 2008 . Inafune explained in an interview with the Brazilian magazine Nintendo World that the ninth installment follows the storyline of Mega Man 8 and that the worlds for Mega Man & Bass and Mega Man 9 are meant to coincide with one another , as evidenced by a schematic of Bass in the ending of the game . In 2010 , Bass was made playable via downloadable content in Mega Man 10 . As in Mega Man & Bass , he is able to dash , fire in seven directions with his buster , and fly by combining with Treble .

Elements of the game appeared in the Mega Man comic series from Archie Comics before it went on hiatus . Most notably , King appeared during a time travel story in issue 20 , while issue 55 saw Dr. Light experiencing a vision of the events of the game among other yet @-@ to @-@ be @-@ adapted games .



= Ohio State Route 319 =


State Route 319 ( SR 319 ) is a very short , two @-@ lane state highway in the western portion of the U.S. state of Ohio . A spur route , SR 319 has its western terminus at an abandoned railroad grade just west of Washington Street in the village of Burkettsville . Its eastern terminus is 0 @.@ 56 miles ( 0 @.@ 90 km ) to the east of its western terminus at its junction with SR 118 . SR 319 was established in the early 1930s . It started out as a much longer highway , but earlier segments would become a part of SR 118 in the late 1930s .


= = Route description = =


For its entire length , SR 319 runs along the boundary between Darke County on the south side and Mercer County on the north side . SR 319 begins in downtown Burkettsville at a former railroad grade just west of Washington Street . Known as Main Street within Burkettsville , the route runs due east through the village 's central business district prior to entering a residential area where it intersects a few side streets . After leaving the village of Burkettsville , SR 319 becomes the boundary between Darke County 's Allen Township and Mercer County 's Granville Township . After a short distance through farmland , the highway comes to an end as it arrives at its junction with SR 118 . Continuing east after the route terminates is Darke – Mercer County Line Road .

The Ohio Department of Transportation ( ODOT ) conducts surveys throughout its highway system to determine traffic volume . This is most commonly expressed as the average annual daily traffic ( AADT ) , or the measure of traffic volume for any average day of the year . In 2010 , ODOT determined that an average of 710 vehicles per day traveled along the length of SR 319 . This state highway is not included as a part of the National Highway System , a system of highways identified as being most important for the economy , mobility and defense of the nation .


= = History = =


SR 319 was assigned in 1932 . Originally , SR 319 included the entirety of the current route , along with the stretch of SR 118 from SR 319 north to SR 219 in Coldwater . In 1935 , SR 319 was extended further north along the present alignment of SR 118 to what was then designated as SR 32 , now a part of SR 29 , west of Celina . Two years later , SR 118 was extended south from its former southern terminus in Rockford to its present southern terminus in Greenville . Consequently , the entirety of what was the north – south stretch of SR 319 prior to that time became a part of the new extension of SR 118 . In turn , SR 319 became the short spur route that it is today .


= = Major intersections = =




= Parliament Act 1911 =


The Parliament Act 1911 is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom . It is constitutionally important and partly governs the relationship between the House of Commons and the House of Lords which make up the Houses of Parliament . This Act must be construed as one with the Parliament Act 1949 . The two Acts may be cited together as the Parliament Acts 1911 and 1949 .

Following the rejection of the 1909 " People 's Budget " , the House of Commons sought to establish its formal dominance over the House of Lords , who had broken convention in opposing the Bill . The budget was eventually passed by the Lords after the Commons ' democratic mandate was confirmed by holding elections in January 1910 . The following Parliament Act , which looked to prevent a recurrence of the budget problems , was also widely opposed in the Lords and cross @-@ party discussion failed , particularly because of the proposed Act 's applicability to passing an Irish home rule bill . After a second general election in December , the Act was passed with the support of the monarch , George V , who threatened to create sufficient Liberal peers to overcome the then Conservative majority .

The Act effectively removed the right of the Lords to veto money bills completely , and replaced a right of veto over other public bills with a maximum delay of two years . It also reduced the maximum term of a parliament from seven years to five .


= = Background = =


Until the Parliament Act 1911 , there was no way to resolve contradictions between the two Houses of Parliament except through the creation of additional peers by the Monarch . Queen Anne had created 12 Tory peers to vote through the Treaty of Utrecht in 1713 . The Reform Act 1832 was passed when the House of Lords dropped opposition — William IV had threatened to create 80 new peers by request of the Prime Minister , Earl Grey — creating an informal convention that the Lords would give way when the public was behind the House of Commons . For example , Irish Disestablishment , which had been a major bone of contention between the two main parties since the 1830s , was — following intervention by the Queen — passed by the Lords in 1869 after W.E. Gladstone won the 1868 Election on the issue . However , in practice , this gave the Lords a right to demand that such public support was present and to decide the timing of a General Election .

It was the prevailing wisdom that the House of Lords could not amend money bills , since only the House of Commons had the right to decide upon the resources the Monarch could call upon . This did not , however , despite the apparent contradiction , prevent it from rejecting such bills outright . In 1860 , with the repeal of the paper duties , all money bills were consolidated into a single budget . This denied the Lords the ability to reject individual components and the prospect of voting down the entire budget was seemingly unpalatable . It was only in 1909 that this became a possibility . Until the Act , the Lords had equal rights over legislation compared to the Commons , but did not utilise its right of veto over financial measures by convention .

There had been an overwhelming Conservative @-@ Unionist majority in the Lords since the Liberal split in 1886 . With the Liberal Party attempting to push through significant welfare reforms with considerable popular support , this seemed certain to cause problems in the relationship between the Houses . Between 1906 and 1909 , several important measures were being considerably watered down or rejected outright : for example , Birrell introduced the Education Bill 1906 , which was intended to address nonconformist grievances arising from the Education Act 1902 , but which was amended by the Lords to such an extent that it was effectively a different bill , upon which the Commons dropped the bill . This led to the 26 June 1907 resolution in the House of Commons declaring that the Lords ' power should be curtailed , put forward by Liberal Prime Minister Henry Campbell @-@ Bannerman . In 1909 , hoping to force an election , the Lords rejected the financial bill based on the government budget ( the " People 's Budget " ) put forward by David Lloyd George , by 350 votes to 75 . This , according to the Commons , was " a breach of the Constitution , and a usurpation of the rights of the Commons " . The Lords suggested that the Commons justify its position as representing the will of the people : it did this through the January 1910 general election . The Liberal government lost heavily , but remained in majority with the help of a significant number of Irish Nationalist and Labour MPs . The Irish Nationalists saw the continued power of the Lords as detrimental to securing Irish Home Rule . Following the election , the Lords relented on the budget ( since reintroduced by the government ) , it passing the Lords on 28 April , a day after the Commons .


= = Passage = =


The Lords was now faced with the prospect of a Parliament Act , which had considerable support from the Irish Nationalists . A series of meetings between the Liberal government and Conservative opposition members was agreed . Twenty @-@ one such meetings were held between 16 June and 10 November . The discussions considered a wide range of proposals , with initial agreement on finance bills and a joint sitting of the House of Commons and Lords as a means by which to enforce Commons superiority in controversial areas ; the number of Lords present would be limited such that a Liberal majority of 50 or more in the House of Commons could overrule the Lords . However , the issue of home rule for Ireland was the main contention , with Conservatives looking to exempt such a law from the Parliament Act procedure by means of a general exception for " constitutional " or " structural " bills . The Liberals supported an exception for bills relating to the monarchy and Protestant succession , but not home rule . Discussions were declared failed on 10 November .

The government threatened another dissolution if the Parliament Act were not passed , and followed through on their threat when opposition in the Lords did not diminish . The elections of December produced little change from January . The calling of a second dissolution of parliament now seems to have been contrary to the wishes of Edward VII . Edward had died in May 1910 while the crisis was still in progress . His successor , George V , was asked if he would be prepared to create sufficient peers , which he would only if the matter arose . This would have meant creating over 400 new Liberal peers . The King did , however , demand that it would have to be rejected at least once by the Lords before his intervention . Two amendments made by the Lords were rejected and opposition showed little sign of slipping . This led Asquith to declare the King 's intention to overcome the majority in the House of Lords by creating sufficient new peers . It was passed in the Lords by 131 votes to 114 votes , a majority of 17 . This reflected a large number of abstentions .


= = Provisions = =


The preamble included the words " it is intended to substitute for the House of Lords as it at present exists a Second Chamber constituted on a popular instead of hereditary basis , but such substitution cannot be immediately brought into operation " at the request of prominent Cabinet member Sir Edward Grey . The long title of the Act was " An Act to make provision with respect to the powers of the House of Lords in relation to those of the House of Commons , and to limit the duration of Parliament . " Section 8 defined the short title as the " Parliament Act 1911 " .

The bill was also an attempt to place the relationship between the House of Commons and House of Lords on a new footing . As well as the direct issue of money Bills , it set new conventions about how the power the Lords continued to hold would be used . It did not change the composition of the Lords , however .

The Lords would only be able to delay money bills for one month , effectively ending their ability to do so . These were defined as any public bill which contained only provisions dealing with the imposition , repeal , remission , alteration , or regulation of taxation ; the imposition for the payment of debt or other financial purposes of charges on the Consolidated Fund , or on money provided by Parliament , or the variation or repeal of any such charges ; supply ; the appropriation , receipt , custody , issue or audit of accounts of public money ; and the raising or guarantee of any loan or the repayment thereof . It did not however , cover any sort of local taxes or similar measures . Some Finance Bills have not fallen within this criterion ; Consolidated Fund and Appropriation Bills have . The Speaker of the House of Commons would have to certify that a bill was a money bill , endorsing it with a Speaker 's certificate . The Local Government Finance Bill 1988 , which introduced the Community Charge ( " Poll Tax " ) , was not certified as a Money Bill and was therefore considered by the Lords . Whilst Finance Bills are not considered Money Bills , convention dictates that those parts of a Finance Bill dealing with taxation or expenditure ( which , if in an Act alone , would constitute a Money Bill ) are not questioned .

Other public bills could no longer be vetoed ; instead , they could be delayed for up to two years . This two @-@ year period meant that legislation introduced in the fourth or fifth years of a parliament could be delayed until after the next election , which could prove an effective measure to prevent it being passed . Specifically , two years had to elapse between the second reading in the House of Commons in the first session and the passing of the bill in the House of Commons in the third session . The Speaker has to also certify that the conditions of the bill had been complied with . Significant restrictions on amendments are made to ensure that it is the same bill that has been rejected twice . The 1911 Act made clear that the life of a parliament could not be extended without the consent of the Lords .

Parliament had been limited to a maximum of seven years under the Septennial Act 1715 , but this was reduced by the passing of the Parliament Act 1911 . Parliament would now be limited to five years , beginning the first meeting of parliament after the election . In practice , no election has been forced by such a limitation as all parliaments have been dissolved by the Monarch on request of the Prime Minister . It should be noted , however , that the five @-@ year maximum duration referred to the lifetime of the Parliament , and not to the interval between General Elections . For example , the 2010 General Election was held five years and one day after the 2005 General Election , whilst the 1992 General Election was held on 9 April 1992 and the next General Election was not held until 1 May 1997 . The reduction in parliament length was seen as a counterbalance to the new powers granted to the Commons .


= = Result = =


The Lords continued to suggest amendments to money bills over which it had no right of veto and in several instances these were accepted by the Commons . These included the China Indemnity Bill 1925 and the Inshore Fishing Industry Bill 1947 . The use of the Lords ' now temporary veto remains a powerful check on legislation .

It was used in relation to the Government of Ireland Act 1914 , which had been under the threat of a Lords veto , now removed . Ulster Protestants had been firmly against the passing of the bill . However , it never came into force because of the outbreak of the First World War . Amendments to the Parliament Act 1911 were made to prolong the life of the 1910 parliament following the outbreak of the First World War and 1935 parliament because of the Second World War . These made special exemptions to the requirement to hold an election every five years .

Legislation passed through the Parliament Act , without the consent of the Lords , is still considered primary legislation . The importance of this was highlighted Jackson v Attorney General , where the legality of the Parliament Act 1949 was questioned . The challenge asserted foremost that the 1949 Act was delegated rather than primary legislation , and that the 1911 Act had delegated power to the Commons . If this were the case , then the Commons could not empower itself through the 1949 Act without direct permission from the Lords . Since it was passed under the 1911 Act , it had never received the required consent of the Lords . However , the 1949 Act was found to be legal . The 1911 Act , it was concluded , was not primarily about empowering the Commons , but rather to restrict the ability of the Lords to affect legislation . This ruling also means that efforts to abolish the House of Lords ( a major constitutional change ) using the Act could be successful , although the issue was not directly addressed in the ruling .


= = Analysis = =


The Parliament Act 1911 can be seen in the context of the British constitution : rather than creating a written constitution , parliament chose instead to legislate through the usual channels in response to the crisis . This was a pragmatic response , which avoided the further problems of codifying unwritten rules and reconstructing the entire government . It is commonly considered a statute of " constitutional importance " , which gives it informal priority in parliament and in the courts with regards to whether later legislation can change it and the process by which this may happen .

It is also mentioned in discussion of constitutional convention . Whilst it replaced conventions regarding the role of the House of Lords , it also relies on several others . Section 1 ( 1 ) only makes sense if money bills do not arise in the House of Lords and the provisions in section 2 ( 1 ) only if proceedings on a public bill are completed in a single session , otherwise they must fail and be put through procedure again .


= = = Case law = = =



