= Pokiri =


Pokiri ( English : Rogue ) is a 2006 Indian Telugu @-@ language action film , written and directed by Puri Jagannadh . The film was produced by Jagannadh and Manjula Ghattamaneni by their respective production companies Vaishno Academy and Indira Productions . The film stars Mahesh Babu and Ileana D 'Cruz ; Prakash Raj , Nassar and Sayaji Shinde appear in prominent roles . The plot revolves around the life of an undercover police officer , Krishna Manohar , who infiltrates a mafia gang headed by a Dubai @-@ based don Ali Bhai , under the pseudonym Pandu .

Made on a budget of around ₹ 100 — 120 million , the film 's principal photography commenced in November 2005 and lasted until April 2006 . Most of the film was shot in and around Hyderabad and Chennai , except for a song which was shot at the province of Phuket in Thailand and the city of Bangkok . Shyam K. Naidu was the film 's cinematographer , and it was edited by Marthand K. Venkatesh . The soundtrack and background score were composed by Mani Sharma .

Pokiri was released on 28 April 2006 , to positive critical feedback , and collected a distributor 's share of ₹ 420 million . The film grossed ₹ 660 million worldwide and remained the highest @-@ grossing Telugu film for three years , until it was surpassed by Magadheera in 2009 . The film was also one of the fourteen southern Indian films to be screened at the International Indian Film Academy Awards ( IIFA ) Film festival in 2006 . The film won four Nandi Awards and two Filmfare Awards . The film 's success catapulted D 'Cruz into stardom and brought recognition to Jagannadh as a writer and director .

The film was remade into Tamil as Pokkiri in 2007 by Prabhu Deva with Vijay and Asin portraying the lead roles . Deva remade the film into Hindi as Wanted in 2009 with Salman Khan and Ayesha Takia portraying the lead roles . In 2010 , the film was again remade in Kannada as Porki by M. V. Sridhar with Darshan and Pranitha Subhash portraying the lead roles .


= = Plot = =


In Hyderabad , two rival mafia gangs headed by Dubai @-@ based don Ali Bhai , and Narayana resort to criminal activities such as extortion , murder , and coercion for various reasons . The new commissioner of police , Sayyad Mohammad Pasha Qadri , focuses on making the city a better place by working at arresting all of them . Pandu , a remorseless gangster living in Hyderabad along with his friends , is hired by Narayana and attacks Ali Bhai 's henchmen . He later joins Ali Bhai 's gang for monetary reasons . He falls in love with Shruti , an aerobics teacher , who rejects his advances .

Shruti lives with her widowed mother and brother and her neighbour Brahmi , a software engineer , who pesters her to marry him . A corrupt police officer named Pasupathy , who works for Ali Bhai , is attracted to Shruti . He is determined to make her his mistress , undeterred by Shruti 's multiple rejections . After Pandu kills a henchman of Narayana , he is confronted by Pasupathy and is able to prevent Shruti from being molested . She meets him the next day to thank him , and Pandu introduces himself as a self @-@ employed person who undertakes any activity for money . They develop unspoken romantic feelings for each other angering Pasupathy .

Shruti 's employer , Suryanarayana , suggests that she marry the man she loves . To repel Pasupathy 's advances , she meets Pandu and proposes to him . After an attack by Narayana 's henchmen , who are murdered by Pandu , he reveals that he is a gangster and suggests that she might want to rethink her proposal . After Shruti distances herself from Pandu , Pasupathy frames her with a mock sexual assault by a few gangsters unbeknownst to her family and the other villagers . He intends this act to ruin her life and subsequently force her to be his mistress . Learning this , Pandu confronts Pasupathy and warns him that he will face dire consequences if he is found guilty of being involved .

Ali Bhai visits Hyderabad and assassinates Narayana . He meets Pandu to discuss the murder of a minister by blowing up a balloon . Pandu rejects this as it would involve killing innocents . At the same time as they are arguing , Qadri arrests Ali Bhai and tortures him . Ali Bhai 's henchmen retaliate by filming Qadri 's daughter as she is enticed into sexual activity by the minister 's son , and release it to the media . They also kidnap her , forcing the police to release Ali Bhai . At the same time , Pandu manages to catch the gangsters who pretended to rape Shruti and she reconciles with him .

Qadri 's daughter is sedated and reveals that an undercover police officer , whose father 's name is Suryanarayana , had infiltrated the gang for some time . Ali Bhai kills Suryanarayana 's son Ajay , assuming he is the informant . However , Suryanarayana reveals that Ajay was his adopted son , and that Pandu is actually Krishna Manohar I. P. S. , his biological son , who had infiltrated his gang at Qadri 's direction . Suryanarayana is killed and Manohar forces Pasupathy to kill Ali Bhai before he initiates his plan to set off bombs across Hyderabad .

Manohar kills Ali Bhai 's henchmen one by one at Binny Mills . Ali Bhai offers Pasupathy a hefty sum to kill Manohar but his attempt fails . In a final confrontation , Manohar kills Ali Bhai by slitting his throat . Qadri 's daughter is saved and when Pasupathy tries to backstab Manohar , he is shot dead by the latter who then says , " Okkasari commit ayitte , naa maata nene vinanu " ( English : Once I commit myself , I 'll never back off ) .


= = Cast = =



= = Production = =



= = = Origin = = =


In 2004 , after Andhrawala ' s commercial failure , its director Puri Jagannadh planned a film titled Sri Krishnudu from Surabhi Company starring Chiranjeevi in the lead role . He later decided that explaining the story to Chiranjeevi , talking him into accepting the role , and filming the movie , would be a long , tiring process . He chose instead to revive the script of Uttam Singh S / O Suryanarayana which he had written during the production of Badri ( 2000 ) . He approached Pawan Kalyan to play the lead role , but he declined it . Later , he approached Ravi Teja who agreed to play the lead ; Nagendra Babu was to produce the film . However , Teja was approached by Cheran , an award winning director , to remake the 2004 Tamil film Autograph in Telugu . Teja was eager to be involved in the remake as he liked the original very much . As a result , the production Uttam Singh S / O Suryanarayana was temporarily shelved . Jagannadh meanwhile directed and produced 143 ( 2004 ) . Teja had backed out of participating in it citing scheduling conflicts with other existing commitments . Jagannadh wanted to experiment by casting Sonu Sood in the lead role but this too failed to materialise .

On 3 November 2004 , Jagannadh met Mahesh Babu at the Taj Hotel in Hyderbad to outline the film 's plot . It told the story of Uttam Singh , an undercover police officer , infiltrating a mafia gang as a criminal , with the intention of killing its kingpin . Mahesh liked the script but suggested Jagannadh tweak the script 's backdrop to suit the Telugu @-@ speaking peoples ' sensibilities . Jagannadh agreed and also replaced the existing title with Pokiri . Mahesh wanted the film 's production to begin in 2005 allowing him to complete his current commitments . While he waited for Mahesh , Jagannadh directed Akkineni Nagarjuna in Super ( 2005 ) . While reworking the script , Jagannadh took inspiration from Marana Mrudangam ( 1988 ) and State Rowdy ( 1989 ) . Pokiri was produced jointly by Jagannadh and Manjula Ghattamaneni 's production companies , Vaishno Academy and Indira Productions respectively , on a budget of ₹ 100 — 120 million .


= = = Cast and crew = = =


For Pokiri , Mahesh sported a longer hair style than in his previous films and shed five kilograms of weight . He used a new wardrobe and the same pair of shoes throughout the film . Jagannadh wanted to cast Ayesha Takia as the female lead . Due to a last minute change , the makers opted to replace Takia and considered several actresses including Deepika Padukone . Jagannadh approached Parvati Melton to play the female lead . She declined the offer because , at that time , her parents were against her decision to become an actress . He also approached Kangana Ranaut who could not accept the role because of scheduling conflicts with the filming of her scenes in Gangster ( 2006 ) . After seeing stills of Ileana D 'Cruz in her Telugu debut Devadasu ( 2006 ) , Jagannadh signed her as the female lead since he needed a girl who looked like a teenager to play the role of the aerobics teacher .

Prakash Raj and Ashish Vidyarthi were cast as the film 's primary antagonists . Raj played a mafia kingpin and Vidyarthi played a corrupt police officer , a villain 's role he finds more fun to play than that of a hero . Sayaji Shinde and Nassar played the two other principal characters in the film . Jyothi Rana played the role of the mafia kingpin 's moll , marking her debut in Telugu cinema . Isai and Subbaraju portrayed negative roles as well , with the former also making his debut in Telugu cinema . Ali played the role of a beggar and shared screen @-@ space with Brahmanandam and Venu Madhav . Jagannadh added this trio to the film to provide situational humour . Master Bharath played the role of D 'Cruz 's brother . Mumaith Khan performed an item number in the film .

Jagannadh wrote the film 's story , screenplay and dialogue with Meher Ramesh assisting him as script associate . Though having worked with Chakri many times in the past , at Mahesh 's suggestion , Jagannadh instead chose Mani Sharma to compose the film 's music . Shyam K. Naidu was the film 's cinematographer and Marthand K. Venkatesh its editor . Chinna and Krishna were the film 's art director and executive producer respectively .


= = = Filming = = =


Pokiri was shot predominantly in and around Hyderabad , especially in the Annapurna Studios , the aluminium factory near Gachibowli , Gayathri Hills and the Golconda Fort in 100 working days , from November 2005 to April 2006 . Most of the scenes were shot in a single take though it took time for Mahesh to adjust to Jagannadh 's style of filmmaking . Chennai @-@ based stylist Chaitanya Rao designed the costume styling for Mahesh and D 'Cruz . By late February 2006 , eighty percent of the film shoot had been completed with the film 's climax and two songs remaining . This made it Mahesh 's fastest shot Telugu film with him in the lead role .

The song " Gala Gala " was shot in the province of Phuket in Thailand , and the city of Bangkok . Prior to the filming of the song " Jagadame " , Shyam K. Naidu was busy on the set of Munna ( 2007 ) and was unable to shoot it so cinematographer K. V. Guhan , who had worked on Mahesh 's Athadu ( 2005 ) , was recruited instead . The film 's climax sequences were shot in March 2006 at the defunct Binny Mills located in Chennai under the supervision of FEFSI Vijayan . He suggested that Jagannadh include a scene where Prakash Raj fails to hear anything for a while after he is hit by Mahesh during the climax sequence .

Mahesh stated in an interview that he had to shoot the film 's climax and two songs continuously for thirty @-@ eight days , adding that he had to visit a hospital to be treated for shoulder pain . During the shooting of an underwater sequence , a few electrical lights were used . The electricians changed the lines , creating a short circuit which resulted in the death of one of the unit members . Mahesh had gotten out of the pool two seconds before the accident happened which he termed a " miracle " .


= = Music = =


The official soundtrack of Pokiri was composed by Mani Sharma , with lyrics written by Bhakarabhatla , Kandikonda and Viswa . Jagannadh wanted Sharma to compose six songs , with two duets between the lead pair , three solo numbers by the male lead , and an item number . During the shoot of Sivamani ( 2003 ) , Jagannadh listened to the song " Listen to the Falling Rain " which sounded like the song " Gala Gala Parutunna Godarila " from the Telugu film Gowri ( 1974 ) . He later came to learn that the latter song was inspired by the former , and he decided to reuse the same tune with modernised instruments and different lyrics . Sharma was accused of copying the tune of the song " Jaleo " composed by Ricky Martin for the song " Devuda " sung by Naveen .

The film 's soundtrack , marketed by Aditya Music , was released on 4 April 2006 , at Hotel Viceroy in Hyderabad with Mahesh 's father Krishna attending the event as the guest of honour . Sify called the soundtrack a peppy one and chose " Gala Gala " as the pick of the album . IndiaGlitz called it a " run of the mill " album that lacks freshness . The reviewer chose " Devuda " , " Gala Gala " and " Ippatikinka " as the picks of the album , rating each 3 @.@ 5 out of 5 . Cinegoer rated the soundtrack 3 out of 5 stars and stated : " The first time you hear Pokiri , the sound of it is good ; it doesn 't start to grow on you after a while , but a few of the numbers are hummable and ring in your ears " , calling it a " mixed bag for Mani Sharma " . The reviewer chose " Dole Dole " and " Gala Gala " as the picks of the album , rating each 3 @.@ 5 out of 5 .


= = Release and reception = =


Pokiri was scheduled for a worldwide release on 21 April 2006 . Due to delays in post @-@ production activities , the film 's release was postponed to 28 April 2006 , clashing with the release of Bangaram and Veerabhadra . The film received an ' A ' ( Adults only ) certificate from the Central Board of Film Certification for containing obscene sequences and excessive violence . Dil Raju 's Sri Venkateswara Creations , Mallikharjuna films and Great India films acquired the theatrical distribution rights of Nizam , Ceded and overseas regions respectively . Pokiri was one of the fourteen southern Indian films that were screened at the IIFA film festival 2006 held at the Dubai International Convention Centre in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .


= = = Critical reception = = =


Reviewing the film , The Hindu wrote : " An out and out action flick , one can see the director 's thirst to cash in on the audience craze for such films . Nevertheless it 's Mahesh Babu 's show all the way . " Regarding Mahesh 's performance in the film , Y. Sunita Chowdary of The Hindu wrote : " Mahesh 's understated performance in Pokiri allows him to effortlessly reclaim the title of a star , overshadowing more questionable recent career choices " . Sify stated that Pokiri was designed as a : " mass masala extravaganza which satisfies the undemanding viewers " . The reviewer added that Mahesh 's screen presence works to the advantage of the film .

Rediff stated : " Sporting a new , rugged look , ' Prince ' Mahesh Babu has stolen the show . He carries the film on his shoulders , consolidating his winning streak after last year 's Athadu . Another highlight of the film is its well @-@ choreographed action sequences ( if you can digest the violence ) , which give it a slick look . " IndiaGlitz gave a positive review stating : " In Pokiri , the hero is introduced to us a ruthless baddie , part of the huge underbelly of mafia . By the time we come to the denouement , there is much twist and turn . If you like some racy action , fun , glamour and love , then Pokiri would be your kind of film . "


= = = Box office = = =


According to Sify , Pokiri took an " extraordinary " opening across the globe and was able to cash in on the four @-@ day weekend holiday . Pokiri was released in a single screen , the Jayaprada theatre in Chennai , where 98 @.@ 5 % of seats were sold putting it in second place in the city 's box office chart , which Sify called an " awesome " feat . The film completed a fifty @-@ day run on 17 June 2006 , in nearly 300 centres and had earned US $ 350 @,@ 000 to become the highest grossing Telugu film in the United States . By July 2006 , the film had earned approximately ₹ 350 — 400 million and become the highest grossing Telugu film of all time . The film earned ₹ 120 million in the Nizam region alone , breaking the previous record set in the region by Indra ( 2002 ) and earned approximately ₹ 25 million at the United States box office .

The film completed a 100 @-@ day run in 200 centres and a 175 @-@ day run in 63 centres . The film completed a 200 @-@ day run in 15 centres , and a 365 @-@ day run at a theatre in Kurnool , becoming the first Telugu film to do so in the last two and a half decades . The film was screened in Bhagiratha theatre , Kurnool for 500 days at the rate of four shows per day and collected a share of ₹ 6 million . In its lifetime , Pokiri grossed ₹ 660 million and collected a distributor share of ₹ 420 million at the global box office . It held that position until 2009 when Magadheera pushed it to second place after its nine @-@ day run .


= = = Awards = = =



= = Remakes = =


The film has been remade in various languages across India . The film was remade into Tamil as Pokkiri by Prabhu Deva featuring Vijay and Asin in the lead roles , and marked Deva 's debut as a director of Tamil cinema . Deva remade the film into Hindi as Wanted in 2009 featuring Salman Khan and Ayesha Takia . Wanted became the second highest grossing Hindi film of all time at that point . Pokiri was remade into Kannada as Porki in 2010 by M. D. Sridhar featuring Darshan and Pranitha Subhash in the lead roles .


= = Legacy = =


Pokiri 's success elevated Mahesh to super @-@ stardom and brought recognition to Jagannadh as a writer and director . The sequences featuring Brahmanandam as a software engineer , the comedy track of Ali and Brahmanandam , Mahesh asking D 'Cruz to give him upma at the railway station were acclaimed . The fashion trend of wearing doctor sleeves increased in Andhra Pradesh after Mahesh sported them and they continue to influence fashion even today . After the film 's release , many films were released subsequently that had titles bordering on cuss words including Jagannadh 's next film Desamuduru ( 2006 ) . Mahesh revealed that he became confused after the film 's success :

It was such a huge hit , that if someone came to me with a script , I would approach the result of the film before approaching the character . I only wanted to act in movies that were like Pokiri , I think that was a mistake . It all got to me and I felt that I needed a break from films itself . Initially , I wanted just a seven @-@ month break . I signed Khaleja after nine months , but it just kept getting delayed and the break ended up becoming a two @-@ year @-@ long holiday . But I didn 't freak out ... I relaxed for the first time in life .

Pokiri was D 'Cruz 's breakthrough film in Telugu . In June 2006 , Trade analyst Sridhar Pillai said that the Andhra Pradesh trade felt that her glamour , screen presence , and on @-@ screen chemistry with Mahesh worked to the film 's advantage . Pillai called her the " new pin @-@ up girl of Telugu cinema " . Talking about being typecast after her success in Ye Maaya Chesave ( 2010 ) as its female lead , Samantha Ruth Prabhu cited the example of D 'Cruz being typecast in similar roles after the success of Pokiri saying that it had become mandatory for her to wear a bikini in every film since .

Pokiri was parodied by several films . In Desamuduru , the character Gudumba Shankar , a saint played by Ali , is seen imitating Mahesh 's mannerism from the song " Dole Dole " . Brahmanandam 's introduction scene in the film Jalsa ( 2008 ) is a spoof of Mahesh 's introduction as a police in Pokiri . The same sequence was spoofed in the films Sudigadu ( 2012 ) where the protagonist is named Shiva Manohar I. P. S. , and also in Race Gurram ( 2014 ) . In Dookudu ( 2011 ) , Mahesh is briefly seen as a film director who makes Prithviraj and M. S. Narayana recite the dialogue " Evvadu Kodithe Dimma Thirigi mind block aipodhdho , vaade Pandugaadu " from Pokiri . The protagonist in Eega ( 2012 ) , a fly , imitates Mahesh 's mannerisms from the song " Jagadame " after injuring the antagonist played by Sudeep .



= 2008 Bahrain Grand Prix =


The 2008 Bahrain Grand Prix ( formally the V Gulf Air Bahrain Grand Prix ) was a Formula One motor race held on 6 April 2008 at the Bahrain International Circuit , in Sakhir , Bahrain . It was the third race of the 2008 Formula One season . The 57 @-@ lap race was won by Felipe Massa for the Ferrari team . Kimi Räikkönen was second in the other Ferrari , and BMW Sauber driver Robert Kubica was third .

The race began with Kubica in pole position alongside Massa ; Lewis Hamilton , the eventual Drivers ' Champion , started from third , alongside Räikkönen . Kubica was passed by Massa into the first corner , and then by Räikkönen on the third lap . The Ferraris dominated at the front of the race , leading to their one @-@ two finish . Hamilton had a slow start after almost stalling on the grid , and dropped back to ninth . The McLaren driver ran into the back of Fernando Alonso 's Renault a lap later , breaking off the McLaren 's front wing and dropping Hamilton to the back of the field .

Kubica 's strong finish promoted BMW Sauber to the lead in the Constructors ' Championship , after BMW driver Nick Heidfeld finished fourth . Ferrari and McLaren trailed , one and two points behind , respectively . Räikkönen took the lead in the Drivers ' Championship , with 19 points , three points ahead of Heidfeld and five ahead of Hamilton , Kubica and Kovalainen , with 15 races remaining in the season .


= = Report = =



= = = Background = = =


The Grand Prix was contested by 22 drivers , in 11 teams of two . The teams , also known as " constructors " , were Ferrari , McLaren @-@ Mercedes , Renault , Honda , Force India , BMW Sauber , Toyota , Red Bull Racing , Williams , Toro Rosso and Super Aguri . Tyre supplier Bridgestone brought two different tyre compounds to the race ; the softer of the two marked by a single white stripe down one of the grooves .

Prior to the race , McLaren driver Lewis Hamilton led the Drivers ' Championship with 14 points , and Ferrari driver Kimi Räikkönen was second with 11 points . Behind Hamilton and Räikkönen in the Drivers ' Championship , Nick Heidfeld was third , also with 11 points , in a BMW Sauber , and Hamilton 's McLaren teammate Heikki Kovalainen was fourth with 10 points . Heidfeld 's teammate Robert Kubica was fifth with eight points . In the Constructors ' Championship , McLaren – Mercedes were leading with 24 points , five points ahead of BMW Sauber . Ferrari were third with 11 points .

Ferrari dominated the previous round in Malaysia , where Felipe Massa had claimed pole position , and led his teammate Räikkönen in second place through the opening stages of the race , before spinning off and retiring midway through . Räikkönen went on to win the race , and expressed his optimism about Bahrain : " I have finished third in three successive Grands Prix in Bahrain . Time and again something has gone wrong . Sakhir is one of those circuits where I really want to win . Finally . "

In the opening two races , Massa came under fire from the press for two errors that left him without points : a collision with Red Bull driver David Coulthard in Australia and his spin at Malaysia . Massa promised that the first two races would not be indicative of the rest of the season : " It was not the start to the season that I wanted , but there are still 16 races to go and 160 points up for grabs . In the next few races I plan to get back all the points I have lost in the opening two rounds . "

Hamilton won the opening race in Australia , but managed to finish only fifth after a qualifying penalty and a botched pit stop in Malaysia . The season began well for Kubica , as he qualified second in Australia and finished second in Malaysia . Kubica predicted his team could maintain their momentum into the third race : " I 'm confident that we can be very competitive here as well . "

A week before the start of the Grand Prix weekend , the News of the World alleged that Max Mosley , the president of Formula One 's governing body , the Fédération Internationale de l 'Automobile ( FIA ) , had engaged in sexual acts with five prostitutes . While Mosley denied the allegations , he cancelled his scheduled appearance at the Bahrain Grand Prix . Several teams condemned Mosley 's alleged actions and asked for his resignation , and while for a time the controversy threatened to overshadow the race , Mosley eventually retained his position and successfully sued the News of the World for the report .


= = = Practice and qualifying = = =


Three practice sessions were held before the Sunday race — two on Friday , and a third on Saturday . The Friday morning and afternoon sessions each lasted 90 minutes . The third session was held on Saturday morning and lasted an hour . The Ferraris outpaced the other teams in the first session on a dusty track surrounded by the sand dune desert of Sakhir . Massa 's time of 1 : 32 @.@ 233 was quicker than Räikkönen 's , who was slowed down by an early excursion across the sand , requiring a pit stop . Nico Rosberg of Williams , Hamilton , McLaren driver Heikki Kovalainen , Williams driver Kazuki Nakajima and Kubica rounded out the top seven . In the second session , Hamilton lost control of his car and slid sideways into a wall . Hamilton emerged unharmed from the collision , but his McLaren suffered significant damage . Except for the crash , the second session ended like the first : once again , Massa led Räikkönen to Ferrari one @-@ two , ahead of Kovalainen , Hamilton and Kubica . The third session was again held on a dusty track , where Rosberg was quickest with a time of 1 : 32 @.@ 521 . Massa took second , ahead of Red Bull driver Mark Webber , Toyota driver Jarno Trulli , David Coulthard of Red Bull , Nakajima and Kubica . Räikkönen was ninth quickest , and Hamilton 18th .

The qualifying session on Saturday afternoon was split into three parts . The first part ran for 20 minutes , and cars that finished the session 17th position or lower were eliminated from qualifying . The second part of the qualifying session lasted 15 minutes and eliminated cars that finished in positions 11 to 16 . The final part of the qualifying session determined the positions from first to tenth , and decided pole position . Cars which failed to make the final session could refuel before the race , so ran lighter in those sessions . Cars which competed in the final session of qualifying were not allowed to refuel before the race , and as such carried more fuel than in the previous sessions .

Kubica clinched the first pole position of his career with a time of 1 : 33 @.@ 096 . Massa qualified less than 0 @.@ 03 seconds behind the BMW and joined Kubica on the front row of the grid . Hamilton took third place , using his team 's spare chassis ; Räikkönen was next quickest , and despite being critical of his car 's set @-@ up was confident in its racing ability . Kovalainen would line up fifth on the grid alongside Heidfeld , who had trouble maximising performance from his tyres . Trulli took seventh place , ahead of Rosberg and Honda driver Jenson Button . Renault driver Fernando Alonso was the last driver to make the third session ; Webber missed out on the top ten by 0 @.@ 009 seconds and would start the race in 11th position . Button 's teammate Rubens Barrichello took 12th place after a gearbox problem interrupted his second session laps , ahead of Timo Glock of Toyota , Nelson Piquet of Renault and Toro Rosso driver Sébastien Bourdais . Nakajima was the slowest of the second session drivers , and took 16th . Coulthard qualified 17th , ahead of Giancarlo Fisichella of Force India . Toro Rosso driver Sebastian Vettel took 19th , and blamed his set @-@ up : " I felt it was more a case of the car driving me than me driving the car . " Fisichella 's teammate Adrian Sutil qualified 20th , ahead of Anthony Davidson of Super Aguri . Davidson 's teammate Takuma Sato spun out and crashed into the barriers . Sato 's accident damaged his rear wing and suspension and left him unable to continue in the session .


= = = Race = = =


The weather and conditions on the grid were before dry for the race . The air temperature was 29 ° C ( 84 ° F ) with signs of a breeze which could blow sand onto the track and impede the cars ' grip . Massa got the best start of the frontrunners off the line , as he passed Kubica into the first corner to take the lead . Hamilton 's poor start caused his anti @-@ stall system to kick in , and he was passed by six drivers to fall back to ninth . Räikkönen benefited from Hamilton 's start by moving up to third , ahead of Kovalainen , Trulli and Heidfeld . As Massa extended his lead at the front of the race , Hamilton , who trailed Alonso , collided with the back of the Renault , knocking the McLaren 's front wing off the car . Suffering handling difficulties , Hamilton returned to the pit @-@ lane for a new nose section , and rejoined in 18th place . Räikkönen took second place when he passed Kubica on lap three ; Heidfeld took fourth when he passed Trulli and Kovalainen in separate manoeuvres . Further down the field , Vettel retired from the race on the first lap after twice colliding with other cars ; Button , Sutil and Coulthard pitted to repair early damage .

By lap 10 , Massa had opened his lead over Räikkönen to 4 @.@ 4 seconds , ahead of Kubica , Heidfeld , Kovalainen and Trulli . Kubica was the first of the frontrunners to pit , on lap 17 . Räikkönen and Trulli followed on lap 20 ; Massa pitted from the lead one lap later . Following the first round of pit stops , the gap between the Ferraris was 5 @.@ 4 seconds , however by lap 31 Räikkönen had closed to within four seconds of his teammate . Massa held a 3 @.@ 6 second lead over Räikkönen when the two Ferraris pitted for the final time on laps 39 and 38 , respectively , and Massa retained his lead into the final stint . Kubica pitted on lap 41 , Heidfeld on lap 45 , and Kovalainen on lap 47 .

Coulthard and Button collided on lap 18 when Button attempted to pass the Red Bull on the inside at turn eight ; the Honda lost its front wing and retired a lap later after two pit stops . Hamilton continued his climb back through the field ; he moved from 18th , passing Piquet , Davidson , Sutil and Bourdais in separate manoeuvres , to sit in 14th by the time he pitted on lap 31 . Piquet retired on lap 42 with transmission failure , requiring a gearbox change before the next race .

Massa took his first win of the season when he crossed the line at the end of the 57th lap , 3 @.@ 3 seconds ahead of the second @-@ placed Räikkönen . Kubica took third , ahead of his teammate Heidfeld , and Kovalainen , who set the fastest lap of the race on lap 49 , with a time of 1 : 33 @.@ 193 , despite being slower than the frontrunners for much of the race . Trulli , Webber , Glock and Alonso rounded out the top ten , after Glock 's Toyota held off a quick Alonso late in the race . Barrichello and Fisichella finished strongly , ahead of Hamilton , who managed only 13th . Nakajima , Bourdais , Davidson and Sato took the next four places ; Coulthard and Sutil finished last on track after their respective crashes demoted them to the back of the field . Vettel , Button and Piquet were the three retirements from the race .


= = = Post @-@ race = = =


The top three finishers appeared on the podium and in the subsequent press conference , where Massa appeared relieved : " For sure the race was pretty difficult because I didn 't want to make any mistakes . I didn 't push as much either , just tried to bring the car home and just controlling the pace as well . " Massa said that he struggled with grip early , owing to oil in the middle sector of the course . Räikkönen 's second place promoted him to the lead in the Drivers ' Championship , and he expressed his optimism about future races :

The whole weekend has been pretty difficult , one of those things when we cannot really get the car right ... We are leading the Championship which is the main thing and we know that we have the speed once we get everything right . The race was quite difficult but anyhow I am happy with second .

Kubica said that his poor start was due to wheelspin off the line , and the presence of oil on the track impeded the performance of his car , leading to Räikkönen 's pass : " But anyway I think it was a good result : third and fourth for the team and leading the Constructors ' Championship , so it was good weekend . "

Hamilton accepted responsibility for his near stall on the grid : " I hadn 't hit the switch early enough and therefore we were not in the launch map and went straight into anti @-@ stall , and when everyone else was in their launch mode , I wasn 't . " Renault dismissed suggestions that Alonso had brake tested Hamilton in the incident that led to the McLaren 's wing breaking off . Pat Symonds , Renault 's head of engineering , said his team 's telemetry indicated Alonso was on full throttle down the straight , and had not touched the brakes : " I think all I can say from our side is that there is no blame attributable to Fernando , which is what some of the speculation might be . " McLaren F1 CEO Martin Whitmarsh said that Hamilton 's front wing had broken seconds before the impact , and that the resulting downforce reduction had sucked Hamilton into Alonso 's slipstream faster than expected . However , photos indicate that the front wing on the McLaren could have broken even earlier when Hamilton nudged a car ( believed to be Alonso ) on the opening lap . The later incident left Alonso with damage to the back of the car , impairing his attempts to pass Glock late in the race .

Räikkönen 's second @-@ placed finish gave him a three @-@ point lead over Heidfeld in the Drivers ' Championship , with 19 points , ahead of Hamilton , Kubica and Kovalainen , each with 14 points . BMW Sauber 's strong performance gave them the lead in the Constructors ' Championship , with 30 points , ahead of Ferrari with 29 points and McLaren with 28 points .


= = Classification = =



= = = Qualifying = = =



= = = Race = = =



= = Championship standings after the race = =


Note : Only the top five positions are included for both sets of standings .


