= Gregory Helms =


Gregory Shane Helms ( born July 12 , 1974 ) is an American professional wrestler who is currently signed to Total Nonstop Action Wrestling ( TNA ) under his birth name . In TNA , he is the manager for former TNA X Division Champion Trevor Lee . He is best known for his time with World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , where he wrestled as The Hurricane , Gregory Helms , and Hurricane Helms and also for his time with World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) , where he wrestled as " Sugar " Shane Helms .

Helms first began wrestling in 1991 at the age of 16 , and wrestled in numerous independent promotions , including the Organization of Modern Extreme Grappling Arts , winning numerous light heavyweight and tag team championships . In 1999 , he signed with WCW , and gained fame as " Sugar " Shane Helms , a member of 3 Count . During his time there he won both the WCW Hardcore Championship and the WCW Cruiserweight Championship . When WCW was bought by the World Wrestling Federation ( WWF , now WWE ) , Helms ' contract was kept by WWF . Helms renamed himself " The Hurricane " and won the WWE Cruiserweight Championship . He later picked up a sidekick , Rosey , and they won the World Tag Team Championship together .

He dropped the superhero gimmick in 2005 , and began wrestling under his real name . He once again won the Cruiserweight Championship in early 2006 , and held it for over a year , becoming the longest reigning Cruiserweight Champion and the longest reigning champion of any kind in SmackDown history . After being out of action for over a year after neck fusion surgery Helms returned to SmackDown in September 2008 , referring to himself as Hurricane Helms , before moving to the ECW brand where he reverted to his Gregory Helms name , and became the backstage interviewer . In mid @-@ 2009 , he brought back The Hurricane character , and appeared as both Gregory Helms and The Hurricane on ECW . After ECW was cancelled , Helms was released by WWE on February 26 , 2010 , and returned to the independent circuit .


= = Professional wrestling career = =



= = = Early career ( 1991 – 1999 ) = = =


Helms began wrestling at the age of 16 in 1991 . He won his first championship shortly afterwards , by defeating " Playboy " T.C. Cruise to become the Southern Wrestling Alliance ( SWA ) Light Heavyweight Champion . Helms spent the majority of his early career in his home state of North Carolina , winning numerous light heavyweight championships .

Helms began calling himself " The Show " Shane Helms , and teamed with " Big Daddy " Mike Maverick , initially using the team name Assault and Battery . They later dubbed themselves The Serial Thrillaz , and won several independent tag championships . The pair also began wrestling in the Organization of Modern Extreme Grappling Arts ( OMEGA ) , which was founded by The Hardy Boyz ( Matt and Jeff ) . The Serial Thrillaz won the OMEGA Tag Team Championship twice between 1997 and 1998 , before they began competing for Southern Championship Wrestling ( SCW ) . They won the SCW Tag Team Championship , and Helms also won the SCW Heavyweight Championship . SCW would mark the end of the Serial Thrillaz , as Helms vacated both titles before moving on to NWA Worldwide . Once there , Helms joined the Bad Street Boys with Shannon Moore , Christian York , and Joey Matthews .


= = = World Championship Wrestling ( 1999 – 2001 ) = = =


Helms and his friend Shannon Moore signed with World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) in May 1999 . In WCW , Helms , along with Moore and Evan Karagias , formed the heel ( villainous ) stable ( faction ) 3 Count , and the trio debuted on the December 23 episode of WCW Thunder . The trio was a parody of the boy bands ' N Sync and the Backstreet Boys , and their gimmick involved making music videos and performing songs before their matches .

3 Count collectively won the WCW Hardcore Championship on WCW Monday Nitro in February 2000 . This win made 3 Count the first trio to win the Hardcore Championship . At Uncensored , Brian Knobbs defeated all members of 3 Count to win the Hardcore Championship . During a match , Helms suffered a broken nose , and was sidelined while he recovered . Upon his return , Tank Abbott had been added to the group , as a fan , and was utilized in an enforcer role . 3 Count had a long @-@ running feud ( scripted rivalry ) with The Jung Dragons , with the Dragons attempting to steal 3 Count 's fictional recording contract . This led to a ladder match between the two teams at New Blood Rising , which 3 Count won due to Abbott 's interference . As a result , Abbott claimed that he should be the lead singer of 3 Count , and was kicked out by the other three members , leading to a feud .

3 Count later disbanded as Moore and Helms kicked Karagias out of the group for attempting to steal the spotlight . At the same time , the Jung Dragons turned on Jamie Noble , who formed a team with Karagias . The three teams met in a Triangle match at Mayhem , which 3 Count won . They also wrestled each other in a number one contendership ladder match at Starrcade , to earn a WCW Cruiserweight Championship match , in which both Moore and Helms grabbed the contract at the same time . As a result , they later wrestled for the opportunity to wrestle for the championship , which Helms won , although he lost the subsequent championship match to Chavo Guerrero at the Sin pay @-@ per @-@ view .

Moore and Helms would leave WCW briefly in 2001 to wrestle in NWA Wildside , where they held the Wildside Tag Team Championship for one day . Helms became the number one contender for the Cruiserweight Championship after winning a match at SuperBrawl Revenge , but was attacked by Karagias and Moore afterwards . Despite the attack , Helms would go on to defeat Guerrero for the WCW Cruiserweight Championship at Greed and was the reigning Cruiserweight Champion immediately before WCW was bought out by the World Wrestling Federation ( WWF ) . Helms ' contract with WCW was one of twenty @-@ five that were included in WWF 's purchase of WCW .


= = = World Wrestling Federation / Entertainment = = =



= = = = Early appearances ( 2001 – 2002 ) = = = =


Helms made his WWF debut on the July 5 , 2001 episode of SmackDown ! , using the name " Hollywood " Gregory Helms . He was part of the Invasion storyline as a member of The Alliance losing his Cruiserweight Championship in a one @-@ on @-@ one match to another Alliance member , Billy Kidman .

Helms began wrestling as " The Hurricane " on August 27 , and also began wearing a superhero costume . That night , he won the WWF European Championship from Matt Hardy with help from Ivory , but lost it to Bradshaw on October 22 , 2001 . In September 2001 , Helms formed a tag team with Lance Storm who was now managed by Ivory and Helms later picked up a sidekick , in Molly Holly who began to call herself " Mighty Molly " , and the two came to the arena in a custom " Hurri @-@ Cycle " ( with Molly in the sidecar ) . The team of Helms and Storm began feuds with teams like The Hardy Boyz and Big Show and Spike Dudley . Helms and Storm got a shot at the WCW Tag Team Championship against The Hardy Boyz at No Mercy in a losing effort .

During 2002 , The Hurricane won the WWF Hardcore Championship at WrestleMania X8 , but Molly betrayed him , hitting him in the back of the head with a frying pan , and defeating him for the championship . Helms was later drafted to the SmackDown ! brand following the brand extension , and he won the Cruiserweight Championship from Tajiri and Billy Kidman in a triple threat match . He lost it to Jamie Noble at King of the Ring . Later in 2002 , he was traded to Raw , won the World Tag Team Championship with Kane , and held them for around a month in an alliance known as Hurri @-@ Kane .


= = = = Teaming with Rosey ( 2003 – 2005 ) = = = =


In 2003 , Hurricane feuded with The Rock . In backstage segments , The Rock referred to The Hurricane as " The Hamburglar " ( in part because his mask was similar to the Hamburglar 's ) . The feud culminated in a match on Raw , in which The Rock dominated . Hurricane , however , was able to roll up The Rock from behind after The Rock was distracted by Stone Cold Steve Austin 's appearance on the ramp .

In late 2003 , Hurricane " discovered " Rosey 's potential as a superhero and christened him " Rosey , the Super Hero in Training " ( the " S.H.I.T. " ) . On May 1 , at Backlash , Rosey and The Hurricane defeated La Résistance in the finals of a Tag Team Turmoil match to win the World Tag Team Championship . Not long after winning the championship , Stacy Keibler joined Rosey and The Hurricane as their sidekick , " Super Stacy " . In August 2005 , Rosey and The Hurricane lost Keibler as their sidekick when she and Christy Hemme were traded to the SmackDown ! brand . On September 5 , 2005 Hurricane and Rosey were defeated by Lance Cade and Trevor Murdoch during Cade and Murdoch 's debut match on Raw . As a result , Cade and Murdoch earned a title match at the Unforgiven pay @-@ per @-@ view . During the title match , Murdoch delivered an elevated DDT on The Hurricane to the outside . The DDT caused Hurricane to suffer a storyline " stinger " and allowed Cade and Murdoch to beat the injured Hurricane later in the match to win the World Tag Team Titles .

During the next few weeks , the pair began a losing streak , mainly caused by Hurricane 's on @-@ screen injuries . During the October 17 episode of Raw , The Hurricane was assaulted by Kurt Angle at the request of Vince McMahon . After the beating , footage was shown of The Hurricane ripping off his mask and striking Rosey because he did not help him fend off Angle . The next week , The Hurricane no @-@ showed a World Tag Team Title match , leaving Rosey to face the champions alone . During the match , The Hurricane ( out of costume ) appeared at the top of the entrance ramp , reverting to his real name , Gregory Helms , and watched as Rosey was double teamed and defeated . After the match , Helms announced that he was fed up with being funny for the crowd , and that he was sick of carrying Rosey as a tag team partner . This turned him into a heel in the process . On the November 7 episode of Raw , Helms and Rosey faced off in a singles match , which Helms won . Subsequently , Helms wrestled mostly on Raw 's sister show , Heat . On the January 2 , 2006 episode of Raw Helms confronted Jerry Lawler over jokes that Lawler had been making at Helms ' expense , and Lawler said that when Helms was The Hurricane , he was entertaining and called Helms a joke . Helms responded by slapping Lawler , who hit Helms back . This confrontation led to Lawler defeating Helms in a match at New Year 's Revolution .


= = = = Cruiserweight Champion and injury ( 2006 – 2007 ) = = = =


At the 2006 Royal Rumble , Helms participated in an Open Invitational match for the Cruiserweight Championship and won , even though he was a Raw superstar and the championship was defended solely on SmackDown ! . As a result , he returned to the SmackDown ! brand in February 2006 to start a feud with Nunzio , Kid Kash and the other cruiserweights . During this time , Helms defeated Nunzio in a one @-@ on @-@ one match . The next week , he was supposed to defend against Kid Kash , but Kash was away on a family emergency , so Scotty 2 Hotty took his place . Helms defeated him and declared that he was better than all the other cruiserweights . As a result , all the cruiserweights at the show invaded the ring and attacked Helms . It was later announced by SmackDown ! General Manager Theodore Long that at the No Way Out pay @-@ per @-@ view event , Helms would face all the cruiserweights in a match for the title . Helms was able to retain the championship . Later , Long mandated that Helms had to defend his title against a cruiserweight each week on SmackDown ! to prove that he truly was better than all the cruiserweights . Helm 's first defense under this new rule was against Psicosis of The Mexicools ; Helms retained by cheating .

In early March 2006 , Helms suffered a broken nose . After complaining to Long about having to wrestle on the March 10 episode of SmackDown ! , Long told Helms that he did not have to defend his title , but put Helms in a champion versus champion match against the United States Champion , Chris Benoit . During the match , Helms attempted to leave , but was blocked by other cruiserweights who threw Helms back into the ring , resulting in Helms losing the match . Helms underwent successful surgery on his nose and was expected to miss five to six weeks . During this time SmackDown ! announcers stated that Helms had a no @-@ compete clause in his contract allowing him to waive the thirty @-@ day title defense rule due to any injury . Helms returned to the ring on the April 28 episode of SmackDown ! , teaming with MNM to face Super Crazy , London and Kendrick in a six @-@ man tag team match . Helms continued to defend his belt during pay @-@ per @-@ views , but he made more regular appearances on SmackDown ! ' s sister show , Velocity .

Helms continued defending his title against other cruiserweights , while on occasion facing off against SmackDown ! ' s other title holders in champion versus champion matches . Helms faced World Heavyweight Champion Rey Mysterio on June 16 and United States Champion Bobby Lashley on July 7 but lost both matches . Eventually , Helms became the longest cruiserweight champion in WWE history , as well as the longest reigning champion of any kind in SmackDown ! history . For much of late 2006 , he feuded with Matt Hardy , with whom Helms exchanged several victories in matches on SmackDown ! . In Helms ' hometown of Raleigh , North Carolina , at the 2006 No Mercy pay @-@ per @-@ view , Hardy beat Helms . The two rivals also joined opposing teams at Survivor Series , where Helms was in Team Rated @-@ RKO , and Hardy was a member of Team DX ; Team Rated @-@ RKO lost the match .

Helms went on to feud with Jimmy Wang Yang over the Cruiserweight Title , after a tag team match in which Matt Hardy and Yang defeated Helms and Sylvan . The feud ended after Helms defeated him to retain the title at Armageddon in December 2006 . In 2007 , Helms once again feuded with the entire Cruiserweight division on SmackDown ! . During this feud , Helms ' reign as Cruiserweight Champion came to an end at No Way Out , when he was unable to win a Cruiserweight open invitational , which saw Chavo Guerrero win the championship . Shortly after losing the championship , Helms formed a tag team with Guerrero , but they did not win any matches as a team .

On May 18 , 2007 , WWE reported that Helms had broken two vertebrae in his neck , one of which was pressing on his spinal cord . He underwent surgery with Dr. Lloyd Youngblood to repair them approximately a week later . Following the surgery , Helms was announced to be out for a year and a half due to the injury .


= = = = Interviewer and The Hurricane 's return ( 2008 – 2010 ) = = = =


Helms returned on the September 19 , 2008 , episode of SmackDown in a non @-@ wrestling role . Throughout the show , he appeared in short video promos , called " Hurrapops " , referring to himself as " Hurricane Helms " , a modified version of his old ring name " The Hurricane " , and mocked heel superstars including Shelton Benjamin and Curt Hawkins and Zack Ryder . In the following weeks , he mocked several other superstars in the " Hurrapops " , ending each promo with the phrase , " I 'm just sayin ' ! " On the November 28 episode of SmackDown , a " Hurrapop " appeared in which Helms announced that he would make his return to the ring on the next episode of SmackDown . On the December 5 episode of SmackDown , Helms defeated Montel Vontavious Porter in his ring return . Helms was quickly scripted into a feud with the United States Champion Shelton Benjamin , defeating him in two non @-@ title matches on SmackDown , although he failed to win a championship match on December 26 .

On April 15 , 2009 , Helms was drafted to the ECW brand as part of the 2009 Supplemental Draft . Helms made his ECW debut as a backstage interviewer on April 28 , 2009 , reverting to his Gregory Helms ring name , interviewing Evan Bourne . He started a storyline where , while he was interviewing someone , a scripted accident would occur , leading to Helms leaving the interview seconds before the person in distress was saved by The Hurricane . On the August 11 , 2009 episode of ECW , Helms was attacked by Paul Burchill after Helms denied being The Hurricane . The Hurricane later attacked Burchill in the ring dressed in his Hurricane attire , to save Yoshi Tatsu . The next week on ECW , he made his in @-@ ring debut for the brand as The Hurricane , and defeated Burchill . He continued to feud with Burchill , who attempted to expose The Hurricane 's true identity , until the November 17 episode of ECW when The Hurricane defeated Burchill in a mask versus career match .

On February 26 , 2010 , Helms was released from his WWE contract .


= = = Independent circuit ( 2010 – present ) = = =


Following his WWE release , Helms began wrestling on the independent circuit , including for the Canadian Wrestling 's Elite as Hurricane Helms . On October 23 , 2010 , Helms made his debut for Jersey All Pro Wrestling , where he , under his Hurricane gimmick , defeated Azrieal . On January 10 , 2011 , Helms signed a contract with Lucha Libre USA . In the promotion , Helms allied himself with Marco Corleone , and in his debut for the promotion at the January 22 tapings , he defeated Corleone 's rival and Lucha Libre USA Champion Lizmark Jr. via disqualification .

On January 29 , 2011 Helms made his debut for Pro Wrestling Guerrilla ( PWG ) , during the WrestleReunion 5 weekend , in a match , where he was defeated by Joey Ryan . He also took part in 20 @-@ Man Legends Battle Royale , making his second appearance of the night . He eliminated Cruel Connection , but later was thrown out by Shane Douglas and Terry Funk .

In April 2011 , Helms wrestled at Carolina Wrestling Federation ( Mid @-@ Atlantic ) where he defeated Ric Converse and won the vacant PWI International Heavyweight Championship . In 2013 , Helms returned to the revived OMEGA , now called OMEGA Championship Wrestling , and on October 12 , he defeated Shane Williams to advance in a tournament for the OMEGA Championship . On November 16 , 2013 , Helms was defeated by Chris Hero at a Pro Wrestling Syndicate event .


= = = Total Nonstop Action Wrestling ( 2015 – present ) = = =


In March 2015 , Helms received a tryout for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling ( TNA ) as an agent and began working for the company within that capacity that same month . At Bound for Glory , Helms made his on @-@ screen debut under his full birth name to congratulate the TNA X Division Champion Tigre Uno . On the February 2 episode of Impact Wrestling , Helms assisted Trevor Lee in defeating Tigre Uno for the X Division Championship , turning heel in the process .


= = Personal life = =


Helms is a comic book fan , and one of his favorite characters is the Green Lantern . He has a tattoo on his biceps which is the Lantern 's logo and his original WWE character , The Hurricane , was inspired by the Green Lantern . In 2008 , he got a tattoo of his last name on his upper back . Helms owns a motorcycle called " The Hurri @-@ Cycle " , which he got when he was using The Hurricane gimmick . Helms is good friends with Jeff Hardy , Matt Hardy and Shannon Moore.He appears on The Hardy Show , The Hardys ' internet show . He also performed as the stunt double of actor David Arquette in the movie Ready to Rumble .

On March 19 , 2007 , Sports Illustrated posted on its website an article in its continuing series investigating a steroid and HGH ring used by a number of professional athletes in several sports . That article mentioned several current and former WWE wrestlers , including Helms who was alleged to have obtained HGH . WWE has since made a statement on this situation , mentioning that the allegations preceded the Talent Wellness program WWE launched in April 2006 . On August 30 , 2007 , an article by Sports Illustrated named Helms and nine other wrestlers to be given growth hormone not in compliance with the WWE Talent Wellness program . He was said to have received testosterone , HGH and nandrolone between November 2003 and February 2007 .

On May 6 , 2008 , Helms was assaulted in a club in Johnston County , North Carolina , by an acquaintance , Dustin Narron . An argument between the two of them led to Narron hitting Helms in the face . Narron was later charged with assault and battery . On January 27 , 2010 , Helms and fellow WWE wrestler Chris Jericho were arrested in Fort Mitchell , Kentucky after leaving a bar . A police report stated that Helms had punched Jericho and the other passengers in the cab they were sharing . Helms and Jericho were given tickets for public intoxication and released after each posted a $ 120 bail bond . On March 13 , 2011 , Helms was cited for affray following an altercation at a bar in Smithfield , North Carolina .

On May 5 , 2011 , Helms and his girlfriend were involved in a motorbike accident in North Carolina , for which Helms was charged with driving under the influence . Helms suffered a broken leg , ankle , jaw , and nose during the accident , as well as sustaining other fractures and receiving over 200 stitches , while his girlfriend sustained a broken neck . As a result of the accident , Helms ' foot had to be reconstructed with four plates and 22 screws .

Helms was previously in a relationship with fellow professional wrestler Jamie Szantyr , from 2004 @-@ 2009 who is better known by her ring name Velvet Sky . In June 2012 , Helms ' girlfriend gave birth to his first child , a boy named Sebastian .


= = In wrestling = =


Finishing moves

Eye of the Hurricane ( WWF / E ) / Nightmare on Helms Street ( WCW / WWE ) ( Spinning headlock elbow drop )

Hurrichokeslam ( Chokeslam ) – 2002 – 2003 ; used rarely thereafter

Avalanche Swinging Neckbreaker – 2005 @-@ 2007 ; used rarely thereafter

Double knee facebreaker

Shining wizard – 2003 – present

Vertebreaker – 2000 – 2003

Signature moves

Diving splash

Elbow smash

European uppercut on the turnbuckle as a counter to an oncoming opponent

Frog splash into a diving crossbody

Headscissors takedown

Hurricanrana

Hurri @-@ clothesline ( Leaping clothesline )

Jumping neckbreaker

Jumping tornado DDT

Overcast ( Diving neckbreaker )

Somersault plancha

Straight jacket sitout rear mat slam

Sugarsmack ( WCW ) / Hurri @-@ Kick ( WWF ) ( Superkick )

Suplex

Topé con hilo

TopSpin Facebuster ( Fireman 's carry spun out into a facebreaker knee smash ) ( often followed by a shining wizard )

X @-@ Plex

Managers

Mike Maverick

Ivory

Mighty Molly

Super Stacy

Tank Abbott

Wrestlers managed

Trevor Lee

Andrew Everett

Nicknames

" Hollywood "

" The Show "

" Sugar "

" Supernatural "

Entrance themes

World Championship Wrestling

" Can 't Get You Out of My Heart " by 3 Count

" Do the Three Count " by 3 Count

" Vertebreaker " by Jimmy Hart and Howard Helm

World Wrestling Entertainment

" Eye of the Hurricane " by Jim Johnston ( WWF / E ; August 2001 – October 2005 ; August 2009 – February 2010 )

" Fire Storm A " by Wolfgang Killian & Hermann Langschwert ( WWE ; November 2005 – February 2007 )

" It 's Time " by Jim Johnston ( WWE ; February 2007 – January 2009 )


= = Championships and accomplishments = =


Carolina Championship Wrestling Alliance

CCWA Light Heavyweight Championship ( 2 times )

Empire State Wrestling

ESW Tag Team Championship ( 1 time ) – with Johnny Adams

New Dimension Wrestling

NDW Tag Team Championship ( 1 time ) – with Mike Maverick

NWA Wildside

NWA Wildside Tag Team Championship ( 1 time ) – with Shannon Moore

Other titles

NAPW Light Heavyweight Championship ( 1 time )

Organization of Modern Extreme Grappling Arts

OMEGA Tag Team Championship ( 2 times ) – with Mike Maverick

Pro Wrestling Illustrated

PWI ranked him 21 of the 500 best singles wrestlers in the PWI 500 in 2003

Pro Wrestling International

PWI International Heavyweight Championship ( 1 time )

Southern Championship Wrestling

SCW Heavyweight Championship ( 1 time )

SCW Tag Team Championship ( 1 time ) – with Mike Maverick

Southern Wrestling Alliance

SWA Light Heavyweight Championship ( 1 time )

Texas Championship Wrestling

TCW Texas Tag Team Championship ( 1 time ) – with Lenny Lane

World Championship Wrestling

WCW Hardcore Championship ( 1 time )

WCW Cruiserweight Championship ( 1 time )

World Wrestling Federation / Entertainment

WWF European Championship ( 1 time )

WWF Hardcore Championship ( 1 time )

WWE Cruiserweight Championship ( 3 times )

World Tag Team Championship ( 2 times ) – with Kane ( 1 ) and Rosey ( 1 )

World Wrestling Organization

WWO Light Heavyweight Championship ( 1 time )

Wrestling Observer Newsletter

Best Gimmick ( 2001 )


= = = Lucha de Apuesta record = = =




= New York State Route 38 =


New York State Route 38 ( NY 38 ) is a north – south state highway in the Finger Lakes region of New York in the United States . Its southern terminus is at an intersection with NY 96 in the town of Owego in Tioga County . The northern terminus is at a junction with NY 104A in the town of Sterling in Cayuga County . NY 38 is a two @-@ lane local road for most of its length . The route is the main access road to parts of Auburn , Dryden , Newark Valley and Port Byron . It passes through mountainous terrain in Tioga and Cortland counties , but the terrain levels out as it heads through the Finger Lakes area and Cayuga County .

The route intersects several long @-@ distance highways , including NY 13 in Dryden , U.S. Route 20 ( US 20 ) and NY 5 in Auburn , and NY 31 in Port Byron . It passes over the New York State Thruway ( Interstate 90 or I @-@ 90 ) north of Port Byron ; however , there is no connection between the two . NY 38 has two suffixed routes . The first , NY 38A is an alternate route of NY 38 between Moravia and Auburn , while the other , NY 38B , is a simple east – west connector in the Southern Tier . While NY 38 runs along the western shore of Owasco Lake , NY 38A travels to Auburn along a routing east of the lake .

NY 38 passes along or near waterbodies for much of its length . From its southern end in Owego to the town of Harford , the route parallels Owego Creek or a branch of said creek . Between Groton and Mentz , it runs along the aforementioned Owasco Lake and its inlet ( south of the lake ) and outlet ( north of the lake ) . It also comes within 4 miles ( 6 km ) of Lake Ontario at its northern end .

In the 1920s , the portion of NY 38 between Owego and Freeville was designated as New York State Route 42 while the segment from Freeville to Moravia was the southern part of New York State Route 26 , a highway that continued north from Moravia to Syracuse . NY 38 was assigned as part of the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York , utilizing all of pre @-@ 1930 NY 42 , the Freeville – Moravia portion of NY 26 , and a previously unnumbered highway north to Sterling . Originally , NY 38 extended south into the village of Owego by way of an overlap with NY 96 . It was truncated to its current southern terminus by 1994 .


= = Route description = =


All of NY 38 — save for two sections within the city of Auburn — is maintained by the New York State Department of Transportation ( NYSDOT ) . In Auburn , the route is city @-@ maintained to the north and south of where the route meets US 20 and NY 5 in downtown Auburn . The portion of NY 38 that runs between and overlaps with those two routes is state @-@ maintained .


= = = Tioga and Cortland counties = = =


NY 38 begins at an intersection with NY 96 about 0 @.@ 5 miles ( 0 @.@ 8 km ) north of the Owego village limits in the town of Owego . The road heads northeastward as a two @-@ lane highway , paralleling Owego Creek as it proceeds along the base of a valley surrounding the waterway . The Tioga County portion of NY 38 passes through mostly rural , forested areas with only small , scattered pockets of development . The route continues toward the hamlet of Flemingville , where the Owego Creek splits into western and eastern branches . NY 38 does not enter the community ; instead , it bypasses it to the southeast and follows the eastern branch of Owego Creek into the town of Newark Valley .

The amount of homes along the route begins to increase as NY 38 approaches the village of Newark Valley . Just south of the village limits , NY 38 intersects NY 38B , a spur leading to NY 26 in Maine . The route continues into the small village as South Main Street and passes by several blocks of homes and commercial buildings . At Water Street , NY 38 becomes North Main Street ; however , from this point north , most of the village is situated on the opposite bank of Owego Creek . As a result , NY 38 continues through the village limits but passes very few buildings before seamlessly exiting the community and entering another rural area .

The route continues on , crossing over Owego Creek and passing the Newark Valley Country Club about 1 mile ( 1 @.@ 6 km ) north of Newark Valley village before entering the town of Berkshire . In Berkshire , NY 38 serves the hamlet of Berkshire , a small community situated directly on the highway . The route continues on through the narrowing creek valley into the town of Richford and the hamlet of the same name , where it meets NY 79 in the community 's center . After Richford , the valley continues to narrow for just under 1 @.@ 5 miles ( 2 @.@ 4 km ) before reversing course as the route heads into Cortland County and the town of Harford .

NY 38 clips the extreme southwestern corner of Cortland County ; as a result , only 3 @.@ 38 miles ( 5 @.@ 44 km ) of the route is located within the county . Just north of the county line , the route meets NY 200 in the hamlet of Harford Mills . NY 200 is little more than an alternate route to NY 221 , which NY 38 meets in the hamlet of Harford 1 @.@ 5 miles ( 2 @.@ 4 km ) to the northeast . In between Harford Mills and Harford , the east branch of Owego Creek separates from NY 38 and heads north to follow NY 221 instead . NY 38 continues northwest out of Harford hamlet and into Tompkins County .


= = = Tompkins County = = =


Upon entering the border town of Dryden , NY 38 emerges from the valley and becomes Dryden – Harford Road as it heads northwestward through a more low @-@ lying but still undeveloped area . The highway gradually curves to the north toward the village of Dryden , where the route changes names to South Street upon entering the village limits . It continues north across Virgil Creek and past three blocks of homes to the commercial village center , where it intersects both NY 13 and NY 392 . The latter begins here and heads off to the east while the former joins NY 38 along North Street .

The overlap between NY 13 and NY 38 ends at the northern village line . At this point , NY 13 continues north while NY 38 forks to the west , running along the village limits on Freeville Road for about 1 mile ( 1 @.@ 6 km ) through an area with only a handful of homes . While doing so , the route passes to the south of the Dryden Middle and High School complex . NY 38 heads onward through an open , undeveloped area , curving to the northwest and eventually to the north as it approaches the village of Freeville , where it serves the William George Agency for Children 's Services at the southern village line . It remains on Freeville Road until Railroad Street , where it turns west and proceeds into the densely populated village center . Here , it intersects the eastern terminus of NY 366 at a junction situated adjacent to Fall Creek .

NY 38 proceeds out of Freeville , passing over Fall Creek and heading north along Groton Road through a lightly populated area of the town of Dryden . The route passes by a mixture of open fields , forests , and isolated homes on its way to the Dryden – Groton town line , where it meets the southern terminus of NY 34B southeast of the hamlet of Peruville . NY 38 parallels the Owasco Inlet into Groton and the village of the same name , becoming Peru Road at the southern village line . It continues north , following South and Main Streets through the densely populated village to an intersection with NY 222 's western terminus at Cortland Street . At this point , NY 38 becomes Cayuga Street and winds its way northward along the Owasco Inlet and out of the village . Now known as Locke Road , NY 38 heads the northwest through another rural , largely undeveloped area into Cayuga County .


= = = Cayuga County = = =


Cayuga County , located in the Finger Lakes region of New York , has a highly unorthodox shape . Most of the county is only about 15 miles ( 24 km ) wide from its western border to its eastern edge . From north to south , however , it extends from Locke north to the Lake Ontario shoreline — a distance of about 55 miles ( 89 km ) . NY 38 passes through much of the county , ending about 4 miles ( 6 km ) south of the shoreline in Sterling . As a result , over half of NY 38 's routing is located in the county , with the midpoint located near the city of Auburn .


= = = = County line to Auburn = = = =


The route heads northwest from the county line , following the Owasco Inlet through open fields and past small patches of trees to the large hamlet of Locke . NY 38 heads north – south through the residential community as Main Street and intersects NY 90 at the center of the hamlet . North of the community , the highway crosses over the Owasco Inlet and enters another rural area dominated by fields situated amongst forests . Upon crossing into the town of Moravia , the amount of development along the highway increases as it passes Fillmore Glen State Park and approaches the village of Moravia .

In Moravia , a highly developed village comprising several blocks of homes and businesses , NY 38 is known as Main Street as it heads north into the village center . At Cayuga Street , NY 38 intersects NY 38A , the second of its two suffixed routes . NY 38A heads eastward from this point while NY 38 turns to follow West Cayuga Street across Owasco Inlet and out of the village . Past the inlet , NY 38 curves to the north and runs along the western edge of the Owasco Flats , a wide , flat @-@ bottomed , undeveloped valley at the foot of Owasco Lake . The flats give way to the lake in Cascade , a hamlet in the town of Venice , at which point NY 38 begins to climb up the western edge of the lake valley . It reaches the lip of the valley 2 miles ( 3 @.@ 2 km ) later in the town of Scipio .

For the next 2 @.@ 5 miles ( 4 @.@ 0 km ) , the route passes by open fields as it overlooks the lake to the east . The route gradually descends back into the valley as it heads further northward into the town of Fleming . Once in Fleming , NY 38 runs along the lakeshore and serves a long line of lakeside homes as it passes by a series of fields to the west . The amount of development along the route begins to increase at the northern end of the lake in the hamlet of Melrose Park , where NY 38 meets NY 437 by way of a traffic circle . At this point , NY 437 becomes the primary lakeside highway while NY 38 becomes a four @-@ lane divided highway and heads northwest as Lake Avenue toward the city of Auburn .

As NY 38 enters Auburn , it passes by Auburn High School before heading north through densely populated blocks filled with homes . The divided highway ends abruptly at Swift Street , where NY 38 turns west to follow the two @-@ lane undivided Swift Street west for seven blocks to NY 34 ( South Street ) . Here , NY 38 leaves Swift Street and joins NY 34 on South Street . The two routes follow South Street past the William H. Seward House into downtown Auburn , where the homes are replaced with businesses at Lincoln Street . Three blocks later , South Street intersects with the East Arterial ( eastbound US 20 and NY 5 ) . The overlap between NY 34 and NY 38 ends one block later at the West Arterial ( westbound US 20 and NY 5 ) , where NY 38 turns to follow the Arterial for a block to the west .

At State Street , NY 38 leaves US 20 and NY 5 and heads north through the city 's north side , crossing the Owasco Outlet and serving the Auburn Correctional Facility . The route passes through several blocks of commercial and residential development up to Grant Street , where it begins to taper off . It ceases almost entirely near the northern city line at York Street , where the homes along the highway become more sporadic and spaced apart .


= = = = North of Auburn = = = =


Now in the town of Throop , NY 38 follows the Owasco Outlet through open , mostly flat areas dotted with houses amongst fields and trees . Within Throop , it serves the small hamlet of Sawyers Corners , where NY 38 meets Turnpike Road ( County Route 10B or CR 10B ) . North of this junction , the houses give way to dense forests as the route continues along the waterway into the town of Mentz and the village of Port Byron a short distance north of the town line . It follows Main Street through a mostly commercial and industrial portion of the village to the village center , where it intersects NY 31 at Rochester and Utica Streets . NY 38 turns west , overlapping NY 31 along Rochester Street .

The two routes cross the Owasco Outlet and enter a more residential area of the community , where NY 38 splits from NY 31 and continues north along Canal Street . The route crosses over the New York State Thruway ( I @-@ 90 ) as it leaves the village limits and heads north into a largely undeveloped area of forests and fields . At North Port Byron , a sparsely populated hamlet 0 @.@ 5 miles ( 0 @.@ 8 km ) north of Port Byron , NY 38 passes over the CSX Transportation @-@ owned Rochester Subdivision railroad line . The highway continues on , becoming Conquest Road and crossing the Seneca River ( Erie Canal ) at Mosquito Point , near where Owasco Outlet flows into the river . NY 38 enters the town of Conquest upon traversing the waterway .

NY 38 continues north as an unnamed highway to the hamlet of Conquest , a small community built up around the intersection of NY 38 and Fuller and Slayton Roads . It continues on into the town of Victory , where the undeveloped fields give way to cultivated fields used as farmland . The route heads through mostly desolate surroundings to the hamlet of Victory , a slightly larger community centered on NY 38 . The route proceeds through the hamlet , passing by several homes on its way to a junction with NY 370 just north of the community . Past this point , the homes cease again as NY 38 presses on through more fields and forests to the town of Sterling .

Just north of the town line in the small hamlet of North Victory , NY 38 intersects NY 104 . Past this point , the route heads through mostly undeveloped , forested areas on its way to the hamlet of Finches Corners . North of here , the forests cede slightly as the amount of fields along the highway increases . The highway continues on to the hamlet of Sterling , where it ends at an intersection with NY 104A ( the Seaway Trail ) just south of the hamlet 's center and 4 miles ( 6 km ) south of the Lake Ontario shoreline .


= = History = =



= = = Old roads = = =


Several portions of modern NY 38 were originally part of turnpikes and plank roads during the 1800s . On April 13 , 1819 , the New York State Legislature passed a law incorporating the Cortland and Owego Turnpike Company . The company was tasked with building a highway — the Cortland and Owego Turnpike — from Owego north to the then @-@ village of Cortland . It roughly followed what is now NY 38 north from Owego to the vicinity of Harford , where it turned north to access Virgil . It continued to Cortland by way of modern NY 215 .

On April 13 , 1825 , the legislature chartered the Auburn and Port Byron Turnpike Company . The Auburn and Port Byron Turnpike began at the Auburn State Prison in Auburn and proceeded northward along the routing of NY 38 to meet the north branch of the Seneca Turnpike in the town of Brutus ( now Throop ) . From there , the turnpike continued on NY 38 through Port Byron to the Seneca River , where it ended at a bridge crossing the river at Mosquito Point . In 1851 , the Auburn and Moravia Plank Road Company was incorporated . They were tasked with connecting Moravia to Auburn by way of a plank road along the western side of Owasco Lake ( now NY 38 ) .


= = = Designation = = =


When the first set of posted routes in New York were assigned in 1924 , the portion of what is now NY 38 from Freeville to Moravia became part of NY 26 , a north – south highway extending from Freeville to Syracuse via Skaneateles . By 1926 , the segment of current NY 38 between Freeville and Owego was designated as NY 42 . In the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York , the entirety of NY 42 and the portion of NY 26 south of Moravia was incorporated into the new NY 38 , which extended north from Moravia to NY 3 ( modern NY 104A ) in Sterling . The section of the route adjacent to Owasco Lake was still being constructed at the time of NY 38 's assignment ; it was completed c . 1932 .

NY 38 originally overlapped with NY 96 ( designated as NY 15 in 1930 ) through Owego to a terminus at the modern junction of NY 96 and NY 434 south of the village . The overlap was extended slightly along Southside Drive to NY 17 exit 64 in the 1960s following the construction of the Southern Tier Expressway through the area . It was removed altogether when NY 38 was truncated to the northern end of the overlap by 1994 .


= = Suffixed routes = =


NY 38A ( 21 @.@ 91 miles or 35 @.@ 26 kilometres ) runs from Moravia to NY 359 , near Mandana and NY 41A in southwestern Onondaga County , and then towards Auburn . It was assigned as part of the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York .

NY 38B ( 7 @.@ 69 miles or 12 @.@ 38 kilometres ) is a short spur in Broome and Tioga counties connecting NY 38 in Newark Valley in the west to NY 26 in Maine in the east . It was assigned in the early 1950s .


= = Major intersections = =



