= Sweet Love ( Chris Brown song ) =


" Sweet Love " is a song by American recording artist Chris Brown , taken from his fifth studio album , Fortune ( 2012 ) . It was written by Brown , Cory Marks , Greg Curtis , Jamal " Polow da Don " Jones , Jason " JP " Perry and Tommy Doyle Jr . , while the production was handled by Polow da Don and Perry . The song was sent to urban contemporary radio in the United States on April 10 , 2012 , as the second single from the album . " Sweet Love " is a slow jam R & B ballad which incorporates elements of electronic music . The lyrics of the song revolve around Brown asking his lover to take off her clothes so that they can have sex .

" Sweet Love " garnered positive reviews from music critics , who complimented the song 's sexual lyrics . In the United States , it peaked at number 25 on the Hot R & B / Hip @-@ Hop Songs chart , and number 89 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart . The accompanying music video was co @-@ directed by Godfrey Taberez and Brown , and filmed at Universal Studios in Los Angeles , California . It displays intimate scenes of Brown and his lover partaking in sexual activity , women levitating out of their beds , and Brown dancing . Critics were complimentary of the video 's sexual themes and presentation .


= = Background and release = =


" Sweet Love " was written by Chris Brown , Cory Marks , Greg Curtis , Jamal " Polow da Don " Jones , Jason " JP " Perry and Tommy Doyle Jr . , while the production was handled by Polow da Don and Perry . The audio mixing was completed by Jaycen Joshua , with assistance by Trehy Harris . Curtis played keyboards on the song . On March 28 , 2012 , Brown announced via his official Twitter account that he would be releasing " Sweet Love " and " Till I Die " as the next two singles from Fortune , after the lead single " Turn Up the Music " . Later that same day , he posted a link to a stream of " Sweet Love " . The artwork for the single was shot in black @-@ and @-@ white , and debuted online on March 30 , 2012 . It displays Brown sitting on the floor , staring up at the legs of one of the three women . Rap @-@ Up magazine described the artwork as " grown and sexy " . " Sweet Love " was officially sent to urban contemporary playlists in the United States on April 10 , 2012 . It was released as a one @-@ track digital download in Oceania and most European countries on April 13 , 2012 . However , in the US , " Sweet Love " was released on April 17 , 2012 . A remix of the song by American R & B singer R. Kelly , was posted online on July 26 , 2012 .


= = Composition and lyrics = =


" Sweet Love " is a slow jam R & B ballad that displays elements of electronic music ; it lasts for a duration of three minutes and 19 seconds long . The instrumentation is provided by a keyboard , synthesizers , percussion and a drum machine . According to Nadeska Alexis of MTV 's Rapfix , Brown sings in a falsetto tone , which she found to be reminiscent of Michael Jackson . Amy Sciarretto of PopCrush described the ballad as " very Michael Jackson and neo @-@ Bieber " . JusMusic of Singersroom noted that " Sweet Love " is inspired by Silk 's " Freak Me " ( 1993 ) . Cameron Adams of the Herald Sun musically compared the song to Prince . The theme of " Sweet Love " revolves around sex . It contains lyrics about Brown asking his lover to take off her clothes so that they can have sex . During the chorus , he harmonizes : " Oooh baby let 's get naked / Just so we can make sweet love / All these sensations got me going crazy for you / Inside on top of you / Grinding inside and out of you / Baby I know what to do / Let 's just take our clothes off " .


= = Reception = =


" Sweet Love " garnered positive reviews from music critics . Nadeska Alexis of MTV 's Rapfix wrote that Brown " keeps the sexiness at an all time high " with lyrics that " could easily win any girl over " . Contessa Gayles of AOL 's The Boombox described " Sweet Love " as " baby making music " , while Mark Edward Nero of About.com labeled it as " a straight @-@ up sex jam " . Amy Sciarretto of PopCrush called the song a sexy R & B jam that could " easily woo Rihanna back " . David Shapiro of Fuse TV viewed " Sweet Love " as " auditory pornography " and commented that the lyrics had him " blushing " . Joseph Patterson of MTV UK labeled it one of Brown 's classic songs " for the lovers " . Maura Johnston of Rolling Stone awarded " Sweet Love " three stars out of five , and noted that Brown appears to be transitioning from singing songs about partying in clubs to singing about sex . Johnston continued writing that the music video for the song " would be almost pornographically unnecessary " . Robbie Daw of Idolator wrote that the ballad ticks all the boxes for its " synthy melody , decent beat " and Brown 's " vocal harmonies " , but felt that it is not " the most innovative offering " from Brown . Melinda Newman of HitFix wrote that in " Sweet Love " , it appears " there are two songs at war here as the synth drum beat totally overwhelms and clashes with the ballad " . She criticized the song for being " memorable for all the wrong reasons " .

In the United States , " Sweet Love " debuted at number 90 on the Hot R & B / Hip @-@ Hop Songs chart in the issue dated April 14 , 2012 . After spending 12 weeks ascending the chart , " Sweet Love " peaked at number 25 in the issue dated July 7 , 2012 . The song remained on the chart for a total of 15 weeks . On the Billboard Hot 100 , " Sweet Love " debuted and peaked at number 89 in the issue dated May 5 , 2012 .


= = Music video = =


The accompanying music video for " Sweet Love " was co @-@ directed by Godfrey Taberez and Brown , and filmed on the back lot of Universal Studios in Los Angeles , California . The video was shot from 6 : 00 am to 6 : 00 pm . Twenty models were hired for the shooting of the scenes where they are levitating from their beds . On April 26 , 2012 , several photos from the shoot were posted online , showing women levitating out of their beds in the streets as Brown walked by them . The video premiered on Vevo on May 25 , 2012 . A behind the scenes video was released on May 26 , 2012 , a day after the video premiered online .

As the song begins , Brown watches a woman , who appears as a hologram , lying in a bed . This scene is intercut with scenes of Brown singing in front of a flowing backdrop . He then approaches the woman , and together they appear under white bedsheets . Brown is then seen walking down a street , while women are shown levitating out of their beds as he passes by them . He then enters a limo and starts caressing various ghostlike female figures . Brown then returns to the bedroom where he " strips shirtless and makes passionate love " to the woman " as they are showered in water " . He later enters a dance studio , where he performs a dance routine with other shirtless male dancers , while several women watch them from across the room . Towards the end of the video , more scenes are shown of Brown and the woman in the bedroom .

Melinda Newman of HitFix called the video " undeniably steamy " . Emily Hewett of the Metro wrote that the video featured " flawless dance moves " from Brown . Robbie Daw of Idolator noted that Brown " makes things real sexy " in the video , but was unsure if " we should be turned on or utterly creeped out " . Jessica Sager of PopCrush noted that Brown " channels his R & B side " and added that he is " a bit of a clumsy romantic " . Jessica Sinclair of the Long Island Press described the video as a " juicy new entertainment " for Brown 's fans in anticipation of his new album . Jazmine Gray of Vibe magazine described the video as " hot , heavy and really wet " . Upon its release , the video went viral and received over one million views in its first day of release .


= = Track listing = =


Digital download

" Sweet Love " – 3 : 19


= = Credits and personnel = =


Credits adapted from the liner notes for Fortune


= = Charts = =



= = Release history = =



