= Kiss You ( One Direction song ) =


" Kiss You " is a song recorded by English @-@ Irish boy band One Direction for their second studio album , Take Me Home ( 2012 ) . It was released as the record 's second single in Germany and the third overall single on 7 January 2013 . The song was composed by Kristoffer Fogelmark , Kristian Lundin , Albin Nedler , Savan Kotecha , Shellback and its producers , Carl Falk and Rami Yacoub . " Kiss You " is an upbeat power pop song with electronic effects ; the lyrics detail a protagonist 's infatuation with a significant other . Critics praised the song for its production , calling it a stand @-@ out track on Take Me Home .

The track became the group 's sixth top @-@ ten hit in Ireland and the United Kingdom , while attaining top @-@ forty positions in both Belgian territories ( Flanders and Wallonia ) , as well as in Australia , Canada , Denmark , France , New Zealand , and the Netherlands . The single peaked at number 46 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and has been certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) for shipments of 500 @,@ 000 copies . One Direction performed " Kiss You " on both the UK and US versions of The X Factor and 3 major concert tours : Take Me Home Tour ( 2013 ) , Where We Are Tour ( 2014 ) and On the Road Again Tour ( 2015 ) .

An accompanying music video , designed to display the group 's comedic timing , was directed by Vaughan Arnell , who had previously worked with the group on two other music videos . The clip depicts the band shooting various scenes via a green screen , which include sequences reminiscent of iconic music videos of songs such as the Beach Boys ' " Surfer Girl " , Elvis Presley 's " Jailhouse Rock " and Rammstein 's " Mein Land " . The music video received 10 @.@ 4 million views in a 24 @-@ hour period and positive commentary from reviewers , who appreciated its carefree , jubilant nature .

The song was included in the dancing game Just Dance 2014 , and is also one of the select songs available on the demo version . Additionally , it is the final main track on the US edition of Now That 's What I Call Music ! 46 .


= = Background and release = =


" Kiss You " was written by Kristoffer Fogelmark , Kristian Lundin , Albin Nedler , Savan Kotecha , Shellback , and its producers , Carl Falk and Rami Yacoub . Falk , Kotecha , and Yacoub had collaboratively composed One Direction 's previous hit singles , " What Makes You Beautiful " , " One Thing " , and " Live While We 're Young " . In April 2012 , The Independent reported that Simon Cowell , the group 's manager , had challenged prominent songwriters to compete for space on One Direction 's second album . Falk said , " It 's important to get their personalities on the music . " In addition , the article reported that Syco Records was working on candidates that included Max Martin and Lundin .

" Kiss You " was chosen as the second US single and third international from their second studio album , Take Me Home . Liam Payne , a group member , in a November 2012 interview with MTV News , explained why they chose " Kiss You " as the album 's second single in the US . Payne was quoted as saying : " With the album , that 's the first one that we listened to and we were like , ' Yeah , we love this song ' " . According to a MTV News article , the number was released digitally in the United States on 17 November 2012 . By 18 January 2013 , the song had not been officially promoted to US radio stations . The track , however , was released by Sony Music Entertainment on 8 February 2013 , as the record 's second single in Germany .


= = Composition and reception = =


" Kiss You " is an uptempo , upbeat power pop song which runs for a duration of 3 : 04 ( 3 minutes , four seconds ) . The track features electronic effects , colossal hooks , a " na na na " breakdown , and a Motown @-@ tinged melody . One Direction 's vocal range in the song span from the note of E4 to C ♯ 6 . Instrumentation includes guitar strings , piano lines and vocals . Written in the key of E major , the beat is set in common time and moves at a quick 90 beats per minute , according to the digital sheet music published at Musicnotes.com by Sony / ATV Music Publishing . Likewise , Matt Collar from Allmusic noted that the track is " frenetically hyper " . The lyrical content regards the protagonist 's infatuation with a significant other , and incorporates euphemisms for sexual intercourse in the lines " If you don ’ t wanna take it slow / And you just wanna take me home / Baby say yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah . "

" Kiss You " was well received by contemporary music critics , who centred on its quality of production . Both Rolling Stone 's Jon Dolan , who praised its effectiveness , and Chris Payne of Billboard , who appreciated the melody , described " Kiss You " as one of the album 's highlights . Alexis Petridis for The Guardian commended the track 's chorus as " hard to dislodge from your brain " . Robert Copsey of Digital Spy noted the song 's possibility to become an international hit , applauding it sonically . A reviewer for MTV News described the track 's lyricism as " butterflies @-@ inducing " , and Sam Lansky of Idolator wrote that " Kiss You " is noticeably a stand @-@ out track on its parent album . Melinda Newman , writing for HitFix , regarded the song as " a bouncy , electronic infectious ditty , " while Chris Younie , a critic from 4Music , deemed it an " amazing pop song " , lauding the group 's falsetto and its " head @-@ banging anthemic " chorus .


= = Commercial performance = =


The single made its Irish Singles Chart debut at number 24 on the week ending 13 December 2012 . It peaked at number seven on the week ending 17 January 2013 , marking their sixth top ten appearance in Ireland . " Kiss You " entered at number 152 in the UK Singles Chart on 24 November 2012 . It peaked at number nine on the UK Singles Chart on 26 January 2013 , becoming One Direction 's sixth top ten hit in the United Kingdom . On the week ending 18 November 2012 , " Kiss You " debuted at number 90 on the United States Billboard Hot 100 due to digital download sales from its parent album . As a result of an " end @-@ of @-@ year download rush " on the week ending 30 December 2012 , the track re @-@ entered the Hot 100 at number 83 . After the accompanying music video was released , the song re @-@ entered the Hot 100 at number 65 . " Kiss You " had sold 207 @,@ 000 digital downloads in the US by 18 January 2013 . The single ultimately peaked at number 46 on the Hot 100 and was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) on 25 April 2013 , denoting shipments of 500 @,@ 000 copies .

The song became One Direction 's fourth top @-@ forty hit on the Canadian Hot 100 , peaking at number 30 . The single bowed at number 13 on the Australian Singles Chart on 27 January 2013 , marking its peak position and the group 's fourth top twenty hit in Australia . The song has been certified platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association ( ARIA ) for shipments of 70 @,@ 000 copies . The track entered the New Zealand Singles Chart at number 17 on 11 January 2013 . It peaked at number 13 in its third and fourth charting weeks , becominh the group 's sixth top @-@ forty appearance in New Zealand . " Kiss You " has received a gold certification from the Recording Industry Association of New Zealand ( RIANZ ) , indicating sales of 7 @,@ 500 copies . The track also reached the top 40 in both Belgian territories ( Flanders and Wallonia ) , as well as in the Czech Republic , Denmark , France , the Netherlands , and South Korea . In addition , " Kiss You " received gold certifications from the IFPI Norway and Denmark associations , signifying collective shipments of 20 @,@ 000 units .


= = Music video = =


The accompanying music video , directed by Vaughan Arnell , who had previously directed One Direction 's music videos for " Live While We 're Young " and " Little Things " , was designed to showcase the group 's comedic timing . Inspired by the Beach Boys , cult surfing films , old Hollywood , and British cinema , the music video incorporates " a technicolor vibe and a British kind of romp " , as noted by Arnell in a MTV News interview .

Shot by November 2012 , the music video was characterised , in several MTV News interviews , as " bigger than anything we 've done before " by Zayn Malik , as " a lot of hard work " by Payne , as " pure stupidity " by Louis Tomlinson , and as " I wouldn 't say [ it 's ] comedy , it 's all tongue @-@ in @-@ cheek " by Arnell . Premiering worldwide on Vevo on 7 January 2013 , the music video depicts the band shooting different scenes via a green screen , dressed as sailors , surfers , skiers and jailers . The video features scenes reminiscent of the films South Pacific , To Catch a Thief , Jailhouse Rock and Beach Blanket Bingo , as well as the iconic music videos of songs such as The Beach Boys ' " Surfer Girl " , Elvis Presley 's " Blue Hawaii " and Rammstein 's " Mein Land " , among others .

The music video garnered 10 @.@ 4 million views in a 24 @-@ hour period , failing to attain the Vevo record held by Justin Bieber 's " Beauty and a Beat " music video ( 10 @.@ 6 million ) . Despite a 34 % gain in weekly activity to their Vevo channel , with the clip 's success and preceding teaser videos earning 38 million views during the week , One Direction held at number two on the Billboard 's Social 50 chart A 15 % rise in Facebook reaction gave way to a 154 @,@ 000 increase in Facebook likes during the week . 191 @,@ 000 Twitter followers added contributed to their overall fan base increase as well .

Melinda Newman , a contributor for HitFix , favoured the clip as having " everything a video by a boy band should be " and found group 's careless tone delightful . Rebecca Macatee of E ! Online praised its " intentionally cheesy and utterly adorable " sequences , and MTV News 's Jocelyn Vena described the clip as " conquering old Hollywood " . Molly Chance , writing for Zap2it , was convinced that upon watching the " adorable " music video , the viewer should have a hard time disliking the group . Mikael Wood , the critic for Los Angeles Times , commended the group for " having a genuinely great time " , rather than going through the motions .


= = Live performances = =


As part of its promotion , One Direction performed the song on televised programmes and during their worldwide Take Me Home Tour ( 2013 ) . One Direction performed the track on The Today Show at the Rockefeller Center on 13 November 2012 , to a record crowd estimated at 15 @,@ 000 . " Kiss You " was included in the set list of the group 's 3 December 2012 sold @-@ out show at New York City 's Madison Square Garden . One Direction delivered a performance of " Kiss You " , in front of a video game @-@ themed set , on the final of the ninth series of The X Factor UK on 10 December 2012 . According to the Daily Mail , their " energetic rendition " of " Kiss You " proved that the group have an elusive quality . On 12 December 2012 , the group also performed the number on the final of the second season of The X Factor USA . Considering One Direction the " franchise 's biggest success story " , an editor for The Huffington Post opined that the boy band 's prominent presence on both the US and UK versions of The X Factor seemed fitting . Not only Take Me Home Tour , they also performance in Where We Are Tour ( 2014 ) & On the Road Again Tour ( 2015 )


= = Track listing = =


CD single

" Kiss You " – 3 : 04

" Little Things " – 3 : 42


= = Credits and personnel = =


Carl Falk — writing , production , programming , instruments , guitar , background vocals

Kristoffer Fogelmark — background vocals

Niall Horan — additional guitar

Savan Kotecha — writing , background vocals

Kristian Lundin — writing

Albin Nedler — writing , background vocals

Shellback — writing

Rami Yacoub — writing , production , programming , instruments , bass

Credits adapted from Take Me Home 's liner notes .


= = Charts = =



= = Certifications = =



= = Release history = =



