= Independiente ( Ricardo Arjona album ) =


Independiente is the thirteenth Spanish @-@ language studio album by Guatemalan singer @-@ songwriter Ricardo Arjona , released on 23 September 2011 . Recorded in the United States and Mexico , it was produced by Arjona with Dan Warner , Lee Levin and Puerto Rican singer @-@ songwriter Tommy Torres . The album — the first independent release by Arjona after he was signed by Sony Music in 1993 and Warner Music in 2008 — was issued by his own label , Metamorfosis .

Composed and written in a year , the record marks Arjona and Torres ' fourth collaboration . For Independiente , Arjona returns to his trademark sound after his stylistic departure for Poquita Ropa ( 2010 ) . While producing the latter , he had used fewer instruments to simplify his sound , having introduced what had been called a " stripped @-@ down acoustic effort " in his music . Independiente has been compared to his earlier recordings , Historias ( 1994 ) and Animal Nocturno ( 1993 ) .

Independiente became Arjona 's fourth number @-@ one album on the Billboard Top Latin Albums where it debuted for the week ending 22 October 2011 . For thirteen non @-@ consecutive weeks it topped the Latin Pop Albums chart , and reached number one on the Mexican Albums Chart . It is his fifth consecutive album to chart on the Billboard 200 ( reaching number sixty @-@ five ) , and his fourth album to chart in Spain ( peaking at number sixty @-@ eight ) . Within one week after its release Independiente was certified gold in Chile , the United States and Mexico and certified platinum in Venezuela and Argentina .

Five singles have been released from the album . The lead single , " El Amor " , became a commercial success in several Latin American countries and was number one on the Billboard Latin Songs and Latin Pop Songs charts . It was followed by " Fuiste Tú " ( featuring Gaby Moreno ) , which reached number one on the Latin Pop Songs , number two on the Latin Songs charts and topped several other national charts . " Mi Novia Se Me Está Poniendo Vieja " was released in May 2012 ; " Te Quiero " in July 2012 , and " Si Tu No Existieras " in November 2012 . To promote Independiente , Arjona embarked on his Metamorfosis World Tour .


= = Background = =


In 2010 , Arjona wanted to change his musical style ; after experimenting with using as few instruments as possible , he obtained a sound similar to an a capella performance ( simplifying his sound ) and introduced what he called a " stripped @-@ down acoustic effort " to his music . This was heard on his twelfth studio album , Poquita Ropa . Arjona produced the album with Dan Warner , who has worked with Shakira , Celine Dion and Christina Aguilera . When promoting the album Arjona said , " [ songs ] are like women ; they get things up and are so concerned about this that they forget that the less clothes , more beauty . The songs are often overwhelmed by ourselves , because we saturate them with arrangements looking to exalt their qualities and we end up hiding them " . Poquita Ropa became the first album since Adentro which Arjona recorded without Torres .

Weeks before the release of Independiente , Arjona issued a letter raising the issue of his past relationships with recording companies . He revealed the circumstances of his first contract : " a producer , friend of mine , told them [ the record label ] that if they did not sign me in , they won 't sign two artists he had [ at that time ] " . Arjona further explained that he received the " minimum royalty percentage " from his most successful albums . Independiente is Arjona 's first independent release through his own label : Metamorfosis , a company he created to refocus his career . The company is presided by Arjona and several friends ( including photographer @-@ director Ricardo Calderón , Universal Music México executive Humberto Calderon and BMG 's Miriam Sommerz ) , and is based in Miami and Mexico City . Arjona commented that his independence represented compromise more than freedom , stating that " Inside the word ' Independent ' , even when it sounds like extreme freedom , there 's a big amount of compromise and the responsibility of being able to administrate , in the best way possible , such independence " . Billboard notes that , although other groups have released independent albums following contracts with major labels , Arjona is the most important Latin pop artist to do so . Although the album is marketed within the new label , distribution was handled by Warner Music .


= = Production and recording = =


Independiente marked Arjona 's fourth collaboration with Torres . The latter was a composer and producer , also receiving background @-@ vocal credit . The musicians first worked together in 2005 , when Arjona released his tenth studio album ( Adentro ) . He stated that he first " tested " Torres by sending him the " hookiest and darkest tracks " on the album : " Acompañame A Estar Solo " and " Iluso " . Torres then " went all out on the first demo , hiring a full band that included a string orchestra " . In Quién Dijo Ayer ( 2007 ) , Torres produced the singles " Quién " and " Quiero " and provided background vocals on the remastered versions of Arjona 's past hits . In 5to Piso ( 2008 ) , Torres produced several tracks ; one was the lead single " Como Duele " , considered Arjona 's " biggest hit in years " by Jason Birchmeier of Allmusic .

The album was composed over a one @-@ year period . Most of its production was handled by three producers familiar with Arjona 's work : Dan Warner , Lee Levin and Dan Rudin . Tommy Torres also produced three tracks : the lead single " El Amor " , second single " Fuiste Tú " and " Hay Amores " . Victor Patrón produced two songs , ( " Caudillo " and the piano version of " Mi Novia Se Me Está Poniendo Vieja " ) and Julio Chávez aided in the production of " Reconciliación " . Arjona wrote all the songs except " El Amor " ( which was co @-@ written with Torres ) . The album was recorded and produced in several cities in the United States and Mexico . Independiente was mixed at the Blue Grotto in Nashville , Tennessee , and mastered by Tom Coyne and Aya Merrill at Sterling Sound in New York City . With Torres ' return to producing Arjona regained the classic , trademark sound which Torres helped develop since 2005 .


= = Composition = =


Independiente opens with " Lo Que Está Bien Está Mal " , a Latin pop song and the only track composed by Dan Warner instead of Arjona ( who wrote the lyrics ) . " El Amor " was motivated by Arjona 's desire to examine " those big , dark events within love that nobody talks about " ; he continued , " [ the ] dark sides of love are extremely fundamental to understand its great value . " Arjona added , " So many good things abould love has been shown that somebody had to turn it around and tell the bad ones " . In a February 2012 interview , Arjona stated that " El Amor " was the " most tawdry " song he had released to date , explaining that their choice of the song was a " contradiction " because it was not " the song which could better represent the entire album " . He described it as " very strong " and " a bit dark " . The single marked Arjona 's return to his signature , mainstream sound after the Cuban music influenced Poquita Ropa 's lead single " Puente " , a mixture of salsa and merengue which failed to make an impact in the United States .

The album includes " Fuiste Tú " , a duet with Guatemalan singer Gaby Moreno . Its instrumentation consists of piano , violin , guitars , drums and other percussion . Although Arjona stated that he " had the possibilities to record this song with very well known people " he expressed his happiness with Moreno , revealing that " the possibilities of doing it with her , for me , are a celebration " . He described Moreno as " incredibly talented " , a " countrywoman " and a " fantastic human being " . Arjona named " Fuiste Tú " as one of the most important songs on the album . " Mi Novia Se Me Está Poniendo Vieja " took two years to complete and Arjona dedicated it to his mother , Noemí Morales . He stated that he wrote it " as a gift for my mom on Mother 's Day " and that he thought " the idea of including it on the album was very good " . As with his single " Señora De Las Cuatro Decadas " ( on 1994 's Historias ) , at first he never thought to include the song on an album . " Caudillo " evokes " the image of some friends " Arjona had at college ; he asserted that he " appears constantly there because sometimes we transform ourselves into a contradiction of all those things we fought in those moments . It 's the history of a student leader that becomes a president " . Arjona dedicated the album to his father , who died in 2011 .


= = Release and promotion = =


Independiente was first digitally released in some South American countries on 23 September 2011 as a special edition , dubbed the Cono Sur Edition . This version included a different mix of " Reconciliación " . On 30 September , the digital download for the standard edition of the album was released in several Latin American and European countries . On 4 October , the album was officially released as a digital download and compact disc in most of these same markets as well as North America ; an iTunes edition was released as a digital download on the iTunes music store . This version included an album @-@ only video , entitled " Independiente " . In Germany , the album was first available on the Kiwi label on 4 October and on 11 October through Warner Music . In Canada and Spain , the compact @-@ disc version of the album was available on 25 October .

Arjona appeared on a television special in 2011 to promote Independiente . The special featured guest appearances by Gaby Moreno , Ricky Muñoz ( of the Mexican band Intocable ) and Paquita la del Barrio . Broadcast by Televisa , the program showcased the fourteen songs on Independiente . Muñoz said that he was " happy to do things for Ricardo [ Arjona ] " , elaborating that they met each other " some time ago " and it was " a very special situation " . The show was later rebroadcast on 5 November by Canal de las Estrellas .


= = Singles = =


The first single from Independiente is " El Amor " , released on 23 August 2011 . In the United States it reached number one on the Billboard Top Latin Songs chart ( Arjona 's fourth number one on that chart , following " Desnuda " , " Cuando " and " El Problema " ) and number one on the Billboard Latin Pop Songs chart . It was also a hit in Latin America , reaching number one in Argentina , Mexico , Colombia , Venezuela , Chile , Costa Rica , Panama and Guatemala . The music video for " El Amor " , filmed in black @-@ and @-@ white , was released on 8 September 2011 . It was directed by Ricardo Calderón ( who also directed Arjona 's music video for " Como Duele " ) and filmed in Mexico City . The second single from the album is " Fuiste Tú " , a duet with Guatemalan singer Gaby Moreno . The music video for the song was shot in Guatemala ( around the tropical areas of Antigua Guatemala , Río Dulce , the Atitlán lake , Semuc Champey and the Tikal ruins ) and directed by Argentine director Joaquín Cambre . Arjona commented that " this video recreates the battle on the couple when someone starts to talk ' is the beginning of the end ' " . " Fuiste Tú " reached number two on the Billboard Top Latin Songs and number one on the Latin Pop Songs charts .

" Mi Novia Se Me Está Poniendo Vieja " was released as the third single . Arjona wrote the song for his mother , Noemí Morales . The music video for the song , released in April 2012 , was filmed at Universal Studios in Los Angeles . It features Arjona and his son , Ricardo Arjona Jr . , and was directed by Robert García . The song was used by American telecommunications corporation AT & T for a Nokia Lumia 900 smartphone commercial featuring Arjona and was released in music stores in May 2012 . The fourth single from the album , " Te Quiero " , was released in July 2012 . The music video for the song was filmed during Arjona 's concerts at Vélez Stadium in Buenos Aires , Argentina during his Metamorfosis World Tour . It marks Arjona 's first music video taken from a live performance . The song reached number ten in Mexico and number one on both the Billboard Latin Songs and Latin Pop Songs chart . " Si Tu No Existieras " was released in November 2012 as the set 's fifth and final single , and was intended to promote the re @-@ release of the album . The song , which music video was similar to that of " Te Quiero " , managed to peak at number 14 in Mexico .


= = Tour = =


Beginning on 27 January 2012 in Toluca , Mexico , Arjona embarked on a world tour to promote the album . The Metamorfosis World Tour was announced in December 2011 , and visited the Americas . The show consisted of four theatrical sets on a revolving stage ; Arjona performed on each in turn , as it relateed to each song . Fellow Guatemalan singer @-@ songwriter Gaby Moreno appeared in several performances , joining Arjona for " Fuiste Tú " . The tour was praised by critics and fans . Natalie Torres of Dia a Dia reported , " Arjona knows how to handle his ' girls ' , with a mix of attitudes from a ' rough ' male and seductive lyrics " .

Jon Pareles of The New York Times commented that " Arjona is one of Latin pop ’ s finest lyricists : observant , nuanced , sometimes wry , sometimes melancholy and especially fond of the play of opposites " . He added , " unlike some of his fellow Latin pop stars , Mr. Arjona is no saccharine lover boy " . The tour broke records for ticket sales , commercial gross and attendance . In Buenos Aires it was the most popular show at Velez Stadium , with a total attendance of more than 160 @,@ 000 for four consecutive sold @-@ out concerts . In Guatemala City Arjona was the first artist with two consecutive sold @-@ out concerts at Mateo Flores Stadium , with a combined attendance of more than 50 @,@ 000 . As of October 2012 , the tour has been performed for close to one million people in more than eight countries .


= = Commercial performance = =


Independiente debuted at the top of the Billboard Top Latin Albums for the week ending 22 October 2011 , and remained at that position the following week . It was the third album by Arjona to remain for more than a week at number one , after Galería Caribe ( 2000 ) and 5to Piso . Independiente became his fourth chart @-@ topper , following Poquita Ropa ( 2010 ) . For its third week it fell to number two , replaced by Chino & Nacho 's Supremo . The album also debuted at number one on the Latin Pop Albums chart for the week ending 22 October , becoming Arjona 's fifth album to do so . It remained at number one the following week ; for its third week , it was replaced by Supremo . The album reached number one again for the week ending 12 November , and later for the week ending 11 February 2012 . For its second run it remained three weeks at the top before being replaced by Maná 's Drama y Luz for a week ; for its third run at number one , it remained at the top spot for five weeks . For the week ending 2 June 2012 , Independiente returned again to number one .

For the week it debuted atop both the Latin Albums and Latin Pop Albums charts , Independiente also appeared as number 65 on the Billboard 200 . It is Arjona 's fifth consecutive album to chart on that list ( following Adentro , Quién Dijo Ayer , 5to Piso and Poquita Ropa ) , although it has only charted higher than Adentro . In Mexico , Independiente debuted at number one for the week ending 9 October 2011 . The following week it fell to number two , replaced at the top by Espinoza Paz ' Canciones Que Duelen . For its third week , the album fell to number three . In Argentina , Independiente debuted at number one for the week ending 9 October 2011 ; it remained at the top position for a single week , dropping to number five the following week . The album also charted on Spain , reaching number 76 . The following week it fell off the chart but later re @-@ entered , reaching its peak at number 68 . Independiente is Arjona 's fourth album to chart in Spain , following Adentro , 5to Piso and Poquita Ropa . On the 2011 year @-@ end charts , Independiente was the 50th best @-@ selling album on the Latin Albums chart and the 15th best @-@ seller on the Latin Pop Albums chart . In Mexico , it was the 19th best @-@ selling album of 2011 .

Independiente was certified platinum by the Argentine Chamber of Phonograms and Videograms Producers in recognition of 40 @,@ 000 copies sold . It was also certified gold and platinum by the Mexican Association of Producers of Phonograms and Videograms for 90 @,@ 000 copies shipped . In the United States , Independiente was certified Latin platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America for 100 @,@ 000 copies shipped . In Venezuela , the album was certified double platinum for more than 40 @,@ 000 copies sold . It was certified gold in Chile for 5 @,@ 000 copies shipped , and in Colombia for 10 @,@ 000 copies sold . As of November 2012 , Independiente has sold 75 @,@ 000 copies in the United States .


= = Critical reaction and awards = =


David Jeffries of Allmusic gave the album a mildly positive review , citing Arjona 's return to his more mainstream style after the " stripped @-@ down acoustic effort " Poquita Ropa . He compared ( as did Arjona and other critics ) the production values and musical style of Independiente with past albums Animal Nocturno and Historias . Finally , he stated that " Returning fans will revel in this combination of freedom and growth , and appreciate the return of producer Tommy Torres , the man who has been behind the boards for quite a few of Arjona 's most popular releases " ( referring to Torres ' absence from the production of Poquita Ropa ) .

A contributor to the Colombian website CMI commented that " listening to Independiente is a labyrinth to go through , each song is a huge path that seems to have no end , because it involves imagination , it invites you to dream , to charm , to bewitch . But neither leaves behind the problematic requirements of love , its loopholes , hideouts and concerns , as well as its bad times in this joke that 's life " . Independiente was nominated at the Premios Juventud of 2012 for the " Lo Toco Todo ( I Play It All ) " award . On 25 September 2012 , the album received two nominations at the 13th Annual Latin Grammy Awards : Album of the Year and Best Singer @-@ songwriter album . On 3 December 2012 , Independiente received a nomination for " Pop Album of the Year " at the 2013 Premios Lo Nuestro awards . It also received a nomination for Grammy Award for Best Latin Pop Album at the Grammy Awards of 2013 . Arjona does not win the latter award since 2005 with Adentro in a shared win with Mexican singer Julieta Venegas . In February 2013 , Independiente received a nomination for " Latin Pop Album of the Year " at the Billboard Latin Music Awards of 2013 .


= = Track listing = =


All songs written and composed by Ricardo Arjona , except where noted .


= = Personnel = =


Credits are taken from Independiente liner notes .


= = Chart performance = =



= = Certifications = =



= = Release history = =




= 2003 Pacific typhoon season =


The 2003 Pacific typhoon season was a slightly below average yearlong period of tropical cyclogenesis exhibiting the development of 31 tropical depressions , of which 21 became named storms ; of those , 14 became typhoons . Though every month with the exception of February and March featured tropical activity , most storms developed from May through October . During the season , tropical cyclones affected the Philippines , Japan , China , the Korean Peninsula , Indochina , and various islands in the western Pacific .

The season ran year @-@ round , with the first storm , Yanyan , developing west of the Marshall Islands on January 15 . In April , Typhoon Kujira became one of the longest @-@ lasting Pacific typhoons in history and attained climatological records for its unusually early impacts . Typhoon Imbudo in July caused several deaths and extensive damage across the Philippines and China . In September , Typhoon Maemi became one of the costliest typhoons in recorded history after striking South Korea ; Maemi was also the most intense tropical cyclone of the season with a minimum barometric pressure of 910 mbar ( hPa ; 26 @.@ 87 inHg ) . In late November , Typhoon Lupit devastated areas of Yap State in the Federated States of Micronesia . The season closed with the dissipation of a tropical depression east of the Philippines on December 27 .

The scope of this article is limited to the Pacific Ocean , north of the equator and west of the International Date Line . Storms that form east of the date line and north of the equator are called hurricanes ; see 2003 Pacific hurricane season . Tropical Storms formed in the entire west Pacific basin are assigned a name by the Tokyo Typhoon Center . Tropical depressions in this basin monitored by the Joint Typhoon Warning Center ( JTWC ) have the " W " suffix added to their number . Tropical depressions that enter or form in the Philippine area of responsibility are assigned a name by the Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration or PAGASA . This can often result in the same storm having two names .


= = Seasonal forecasts = =


On March 5 , 2003 , meteorologists from the University College London at the Tropical Storm Risk ( TSR ) Consortium issued an extended range forecast for the typhoon season , noting the likelihood of near average tropical cyclone activity as a result of projected neutral sea surface temperatures . The forecast indicated the potential for 26 @.@ 2 tropical storms , compared to the 10 – and 30 @-@ year average of 27 @.@ 8 and 26 @.@ 3 storms , respectively . The following month , the group raised their forecast for tropical storms to 26 @.@ 7 , indicating a slightly above average season . Over next two months , however , fluctuations in sea surface temperatures , particularly those in the Central Pacific , caused the group to revise their predictions downward and indicated the probability for a slightly below average typhoon season in their June forecast . A rise in sea surface temperatures in the following months prompted the forecasting group to once again raise their forecasts to indicate a near @-@ average season in their final August forecast update , which predicted 27 tropical storms . The group was very accurate in their forecasts , with their April and August forecasts being the most accurate .

Similarly , meteorologists working with the City University of Hong Kong issued a seasonal projection on April 24 , 2003 , indicating the likelihood of a normal or below normal season with 29 total tropical cyclones , 26 tropical storms , and 16 typhoons . As with the TSR , the group primarily based their forecast numbers on the prevailing status of the El Niño @-@ Southern Oscillation . The City University of Hong Kong revised their forecasts on June 24 , 2003 , indicating a slight increase of total tropical cyclones to 30 . The group was also accurate in their forecasts for the entirety of the Northwest Pacific , though their specialized forecasts for the South China Sea were substantially off .

During the year , the Japan Meteorological Agency ( JMA ) issued advisories on tropical cyclones west of the International Date Line to the Malay Peninsula , and north of the equator ; this was due to the agency 's status as the official Regional Specialized Meteorological Center , as designated by the World Meteorological Organization in 1989 . The JMA issued forecasts and analyses four times a day , beginning at 0000 UTC and continuing every six hours . The JMA issued forecasts based on a climatological tropical cyclone forecast model . The agency estimated 10 minute sustained winds and barometric pressure based on the Dvorak technique and numerical weather prediction . The JTWC also issued warnings on storms within the basin , operating from Pearl Harbor in Hawaii to represent the interests of the United States Armed Forces in the Indian and Pacific Oceans .


= = Season summary = =


Throughout the season , sea surface temperatures within the western equatorial Pacific were above normal , including those in the South China Sea . Areas of convection persisted year @-@ round in the lower latitudes , particularly around the Philippines . Atmospheric divergence was also prevalent in the same regions , resulting in enhanced tropical cyclogenesis east of the Philippines in 2003 ; the mean region of development of tropical systems during the year was more southwest than the 1971 – 2000 30 @-@ year average . In 2003 , the JMA monitored 21 tropical cyclones of at least tropical storm intensity ; of those , 14 reached typhoon intensity . Though the number of tropical storms was below average , the ratio between tropical storms and typhoons was 66 % greater than normal . The Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration ( PAGASA ) monitored three additional cyclones of at least tropical storm intensity that were not monitored by the JMA .

The season began with the formation of Tropical Storm Yanyan on January 15 . After its dissipation five days later , no tropical cyclones of at least tropical storm intensity developed over the next two months . This period of inactivity ended with the formation of Typhoon Kujira in mid @-@ April ; Kujira was one of the longest lived Pacific storms on record and was the first typhoon with 1 @-@ minute sustained winds of at least 240 km / h ( 150 mph ) in April since Typhoon Isa in 1997 . Tropical activity was enhanced from May to June , and during this period the JMA monitored four tropical storms , while the PAGASA monitored a fifth storm off the eastern Philippines . Three of the four tropical storms monitored by the JMA approached or hit Japan , including Typhoon Soudelor , which brought heavy rainfall and wind across the Ryukyu Islands and the Korean Peninsula .

Tropical activity once again declined towards the second half of June and first half of July . The second half of July , however , featured the development of typhoons Imbudo and Koni , which both tracked westward across the Philippines before striking areas near Saipan and other regions of southeastern China . Imbudo caused the deaths of 78 people and US $ 383 million in damage . August was a highly active month for tropical cyclogenesis , with a total of six tropical storms monitored by the JMA , JTWC , and PAGASA . This included typhoons Krovanh and Dujuan , which also struck southeastern China . Typhoon Etau earlier in the month made landfall in Japan , resulting in 17 deaths .

Activity was somewhat below average in September , with only one tropical cyclone making landfall , Maemi . However , Maemi was the strongest tropical cyclone of the season and was the costliest with roughly US $ 4 @.@ 8 billion in damage , mostly in South Korea . Tropical cyclogenesis and activity continued to decline after August , with October featuring only three tropical storms . However , two , Ketsana and Parma , reached typhoon intensity ; both stayed away from land . November featured less storms but was climatologically average , with two typhoons developing . The second typhoon , Lupit , devastated portions of Yap State , resulting in approximately $ 1 @.@ 7 million in damage . In December , the JTWC and PAGASA monitored a sole tropical system east of the Philippines , though the JMA did not monitor or classify any tropical cyclones during the month .


= = Storms = =


In storm information below , wind @-@ speed advisories differ from the Joint Typhoon Warning Center ( JTWC ) to the JMA as the JTWC uses the United States criteria of 1 @-@ minute mean to designate maximum sustained winds , while the JMA uses the 10 @-@ minute mean wind criteria to designate tropical cyclone maximum sustained winds . This difference generally results in JTWC maximum winds appearing higher than the maximum winds described by the JMA for the same cyclone .


= = = Tropical Storm Yanyan = = =


On January 11 , the JTWC began monitoring the disturbance that would eventually develop into Yanyan near the International Date Line . As the system tracked westward , it gradually moved into a more favorable environment for tropical cyclogenesis . On January 14 , surface observations indicated that the low @-@ pressure area had developed a closed , low @-@ level circulation center indicative of a tropical cyclone , satellite imagery remained inconclusive . Nonetheless , the JMA classified the pressure area as a tropical depression west of the Marshall Islands at 0600 UTC on January 15 . The JTWC would follow suit by classifying the storm as such at 1800 UTC later that day . At the time , the depression was tracking west @-@ northwest under the influence of a subtropical ridge to the north . Over the next day the system waned in convective activity before resuming its previous track and accelerating . At 0000 UTC on January 17 , the JTWC upgraded the system to tropical storm intensity , though the storm remained nameless as the JMA continued to classify it as a tropical depression .

Throughout January 17 the tropical storm would again oscillate in strength , resulting in a brief downgrade by the JTWC to tropical depression intensity . However , an increase in deep convection resulted in its reclassification as a tropical storm at 1800 UTC that day , followed by the JMA upgrading the system to tropical storm intensity at 1200 UTC on January 18 . As such , the storm received the name Yanyan . At roughly the same time , the tropical cyclone began to stall east of the Mariana Islands and curve sharply northeastward . Whilst the JTWC indicated that Yanyan peaked in strength late on January 18 with 1 @-@ minute sustained winds of 60 km / h ( 37 mph ) , the JMA considered the system to have maintained the same intensity throughout its stint as a tropical storm . Steered by the same nearby subtropical ridge , Yanyan would continue to track towards the northeast into a less favorable tropical cyclone environment . The JMA downgraded Yanyan to tropical depression at 1200 UTC on January 20 before the storm transitioned into an extratropical cyclone as its low @-@ level circulation center decoupled from the primary mass of convection due to strong wind shear . At 0000 UTC , both the JTWC and JMA discontinued the monitoring of Yanyan .


= = = Typhoon Kujira ( Amang ) = = =


Kujira developed from a broad area of disturbed weather as a tropical depression on April 9 well removed from any landmasses . Shortly after development , Kujira quickly intensified in its early stages , and was upgraded to a tropical storm just two days after cyclogenesis . Strengthening slowed afterwards , though the storm attained typhoon intensity on April 14 . Intensification continued and late on April 15 , Kujira reached its peak intensity with winds of 165 km / h ( 105 mph ) and a minimum barometric pressure of 930 mbar ( hPa ; 27 @.@ 46 inHg ) . Following peak intensity , Kujira would begin to track northwest and oscillate in strength , cresting an additional two times in intensity . On April 21 , the typhoon was downgraded to tropical storm intensity and began to track erratically for several days east of Taiwan . However , on April 24 , Kujira would resume a northward track and begin to weaken , and on April 24 was downgraded to tropical depression strength as it made landfall on Kyushu . Following landfall , Kujira transitioned into an extratropical cyclone on April 25 , which persisted until crossing the International Dateline towards the end of April 2003 .

Shortly after developing , Kujira caused two fatalities in Pohnpei in addition to minor agricultural and infrastructural damage ; similar effects were felt in Guam . Several days later , the typhoon prompted cyclone warnings and other precautionary measures in the Philippines after forecasts indicated the potential for strong winds and rain . However , ultimately any effects in the archipelago associated with Kujira remained minimal . The typhoon also prompted warning products in Taiwan , making it the first April typhoon since 1978 to cause such a feat . Unlike in the Philippines , however , Kujira would bring significant rainfall to Taiwan . Effects from the typhoon were most significant in Japan , particularly in the Ryukyu Islands . Strong winds , rain , and waves caused US $ 230 @,@ 000 ( ¥ 27 @.@ 8 million ) in agricultural damage on Ishigaki Island . One person was killed due to injuries resulting from the waves . In Kyushu , heavy rainfall , peaking at 196 mm ( 7 @.@ 7 in ) in Ōita Prefecture , was reported . Overall , despite its distance away from land and weak intensity at the time of its sole landfall , Kujira resulted in three fatalities .


= = = Typhoon Chan @-@ hom = = =


Midday on May 18 , the JTWC began to monitor an area of persistent disturbed weather associated with a broad low @-@ pressure area southwest of Chuuk . Within highly conductive conditions , the disturbance quickly organized and became classified as a tropical depression at 0000 UTC the following day . In its initial stages , the depression tracked slowly northeastwards . However , a shortwave trough forced a weakness in a nearby ridge , allowing for the storm to take a more streamlined , northward path . At 1200 UTC on May 20 , the JMA upgraded the depression to Tropical Storm Chan @-@ hom . Following the system 's naming , Chan @-@ hom temporarily meandered towards the northwest before resuming its northeasterly track . The next day , the storm began to develop an eye ; this was reflected with an upgrade by the JMA to typhoon status at 0600 UTC on May 23 . Gradual intensification followed , and at 1800 UTC that day Chan @-@ hom reached its peak intensity with maximum sustained winds of 155 km / h ( 100 mph ) and a minimum pressure of 940 mbar ( hPa ; 27 @.@ 76 inHg ) .

Following peak intensity , Chan @-@ hom began to intake dry air beginning on May 25 . At roughly the same time , the typhoon began to weaken and accelerate towards the northeast . Conditions continued to worsen as the storm moved further north , and as the cyclone passed east of Minamitorishima , it was downgraded to tropical storm classification . By this time , Chan @-@ hom had lost much of its convection due to wind shear . Early on May 27 , Chan @-@ hom had fully transitioned into an extratropical cyclone , and these remnants continued to track towards the northeast . These extratropical remnants dissipated south of the Aleutian Islands the following day . Early in the typhoon 's existence , Chan @-@ hom posed a potential threat to Guam , but remained well east of the island . However , after passing to the northeast , winds from the typhoon fanned volcanic ash from the recently erupting Anatahan volcano towards the island , prompting precautionary measures in Guam . Ashfalls were reported on the island , forcing the cancellation of several flights . As a tropical storm , Chan @-@ hom caused some damage to homes and crops on Chuuk , mostly due to heavy rains brought forth by the storm . Offshore , a 1 @,@ 040 ton fishing vessel , the Nien Feioch , sank during the storm . The ship was valued at $ 16 million .


= = = Severe Tropical Storm Linfa ( Chedeng ) = = =


Tropical Storm Linfa developed as a tropical depression just off the western coast of Luzon on May 25 . The disturbance quickly intensified to reach tropical storm intensity a few hours after cyclogenesis . However , intensification leveled off as Linfa executed a small clockwise loop before a subsequent landfall on Luzon on May 27 . Due to land interaction the storm temporarily weakened and decoupled before reforming in the Philippine Sea . Afterwards Linfa began reintensifying and reached its peak intensity on May 29 with maximum sustained winds of 100 km / h ( 65 mph ) and a barometric pressure of 980 mbar ( hPa ; 28 @.@ 94 inHg ) . Following its peak the tropical storm began to deteriorate and transitioned into an extratropical cyclone on May 30 ; these extratropical remnants continued to track northward through Japan before dissipating in the Sea of Okhotsk on June 4 .

The erratic and slow movement of Linfa off the western Philippines was the catalyst for extreme rainfall and flooding , killing 41 persons in the archipelago . Precipitation peaked at 723 mm ( 28 @.@ 5 in ) near Dagupan . Rising floodwaters resulted in the temporary shutdown of government offices and numerous mudslides . In addition , strong winds caused widespread power outages . Overall damage from Linfa in the Philippines amounted to ₱ 192 @.@ 3 million ( US $ 3 @.@ 65 million ) . The floods also displaced 8 @,@ 367 people in 1 @,@ 686 families and destroyed 178 homes . Linfa and its extratropical remnants later brought torrential rainfall and widespread flooding to Japan , particularly in southwestern regions . Rainfall there peaked at 727 mm ( 28 @.@ 62 in ) . Flood damage was worst in Kōchi and Tokushima Prefectures , where several buildings were destroyed by floodwater . Other locations in Japan experienced considerable agricultural damage as well as numerous landslides . Overall , Linfa caused roughly $ 28 @.@ 2 million in damage , much of which occurred in Japan , though the entirety of deaths associated with the cyclone took place in the Philippines .


= = = Severe Tropical Storm Nangka ( Dodong ) = = =


In late May , an area of disturbed weather began to persist in the South China Sea . The JTWC began to monitor the storm cluster on May 29 . The following day , the JMA reclassified the system as a tropical depression ; initially the system remained highly disorganized due to the lack of deep convection . Persistent moderate wind shear and dry air prevented the cyclone from strengthening significantly in the storm 's early stages . These conditions abated as the depression tracked northeast , and at 0000 UTC on June 1 , the JMA upgraded the system to Tropical Storm Nangka . Throughout the course of the day , Nangka continued to strengthen as it accelerated northeast , and peaked in strength with a barometric pressure of 985 mbar ( hPa ; 29 @.@ 09 inHg ) and maximum sustained winds of 95 km / h ( 60 mph ) , making it a severe tropical storm .

However , upon moving through the Bashi Channel , conditions began to deteriorate due to increased wind shear , weakening the system and resulting in its downgrade to tropical depression status by the JMA at 1200 UTC on June 3 . Nangka continued to become increasingly disorganized as it moved further north , and late that day , the depression transitioned to an extratropical cyclone . The resulting remnants continued to track well east of Japan before dissipating on June 7 . Due to its track away from landmasses , damage remained minimal ; however , as Nangka passed to the south and east of Japan , the storm brought light rainfall to the country , peaking at 81 mm ( 3 @.@ 2 in ) in Minamidaitō , Okinawa .


= = = Typhoon Soudelor ( Egay ) = = =


A tropical disturbance persisted in the monsoon trough northwest of Pohnpei on June 7 , and moved westward without development due to wind shear . On June 11 , the shear decreased enough to allow the convection to organize , and the next day the JMA classified it as a tropical depression northeast of Palau . On June 13 , the JMA upgraded it to Tropical Storm Soudelor to the east of the Philippines , and PAGASA gave it the local name " Egay " . Soudelor moved to the northwest and later to the north , parallel to the eastern Philippines , and on June 17 , the JMA upgraded it to typhoon status . The storm rapidly intensified to the east of Taiwan as it developed a well @-@ defined eye , and while doing so passed over the Japanese island of Iriomote @-@ jima at around 2030 UTC on June 17 . At 0600 UTC on June 18 , the JTWC estimated peak 1 minute winds of 215 km / h ( 135 mph ) , while the JMA estimated peak 10 minute winds of 150 km / h ( 90 mph ) . Increased shear weakened the typhoon to tropical storm strengthen on June 19 , and later that day the JMA declared the storm as extratropical near the Oki Islands . The extratropical remnants of Soudelor continued to the northeast , crossing northern Japan on June 20 and dissipating on June 24 .

While offshore the Philippines , Soudelor dropped heavy rainfall that caused flooding and left thousands homeless . The storm caused ₱ 131 million ( PHP , $ 2 @.@ 46 million USD ) in damage and 12 deaths . On the Japanese island of Iriomote @-@ jima , where wind gusts reached 204 km / h ( 127 mph ) . It also affected Taiwan , where floods covered highways and caused mudslides . In Japan , the storm caused widespread power outages , although damage was minimal , and there were 21 injuries . In South Korea , there was $ 12 @.@ 1 million in damage and two deaths .


= = = Typhoon Imbudo ( Harurot ) = = =


On July 15 , the JMA estimated that a tropical depression formed , and the next day the JTWC initiated advisories on Tropical Depression 09W about 665 km ( 415 mi ) east of Yap . A subtropical ridge near Okinawa steered the nascent depression to the west @-@ northwest for much of its duration . With warm waters and favorable upper @-@ level conditions , the depression quickly organized , first to Tropical Storm Imbudo on July 17 , and to typhoon status two days later , when PAGASA begin issuing advisories on Typhoon Harurot . Around that time , Imbudo was rapidly intensifying , developing a well @-@ defined eye . At 1200 UTC on July 20 , the JMA estimated peak 10 minute sustained winds of 165 km / h ( 105 mph ) , and the same time , the JTWC estimated 1 minute sustained winds of 240 km / h ( 150 mph ) , making it a super typhoon . Imbudo maintained peak winds for about 12 hours , before undergoing an eyewall replacement cycle . At 0300 UTC on July 22 , Imbudo struck northern Luzon , with 1 minute winds estimated at 205 km / h ( 125 mph ) by the JTWC . It weakened over land , but re @-@ intensified in the South China Sea , striking southern China near Yangjiang , Guangdong on July 24 . Imbudo rapidly weakened , dissipating on July 25 .

In the Philippines , officials evacuated over 14 @,@ 000 people . Imbudo was the strongest typhoon to strike since Typhoon Zeb five years prior , The typhoon left widespread areas flooded for several days . Damage was heaviest in the Cagayan Valley , where over 80 @,@ 000 people were displaced by the storm . In Isabela , high winds wrecked most of the banana crop and severely damaged other crops . Throughout the Philippines , Imbudo damaged or destroyed 62 @,@ 314 houses , causing P4.7 billion ( 2003 PHP , $ 86 million 2003 USD ) in damage . There were 64 deaths in the country . In southern China in Yangjiang , more than 30 @,@ 000 people evacuated ahead of the storm , and more than half of the trees in the city fell due to strong winds . High winds killed a man in Hong Kong after knocking him off a platform . Throughout Guangdong , Imbudo destroyed 595 @,@ 000 houses and caused eight deaths . Heavy rains spread across southern China , peaking at 343 mm ( 13 @.@ 5 in ) at Hepu County in Guangxi province . There , 12 people died from the storm . Overall damage in China was about ¥ 4 @.@ 45 billion ( CNY , $ 297 million USD ) .


= = = Severe Tropical Storm Koni ( Gilas ) = = =


Koni originated from a tropical depression situated within the monsoon trough to the east of the Philippines on July 15 . Tracking westward , intensification was slow and the system remained a tropical depression as it moved across the central Philippines on July 17 . Upon moving into the South China Sea , conditions allowed for quicker strengthening , and the cyclone reached tropical storm status on July 18 before reaching its peak intensity with maximum sustained winds of 110 km / h ( 70 mph ) , making it a severe tropical storm . However , atmospheric conditions began to deteriorate as Koni made landfall on Hainan on July 21 , weakening the system . The tropical storm continued to weaken as it moved over the Gulf of Tonkin prior to a final landfall near Hanoi , Vietnam the following day . Tracking inland , the combination of land interaction and wind shear caused Koni to dissipate over Laos on July 23 .

Shortly after development , Koni tracked through the Philippines , killing two people . After moving into the South China Sea , turbulence produced by the storm resulted in an aviation incident involving a commercial airliner off the western Philippines . Three of the plane 's occupants received minor injuries . In Hainan , Koni caused heavy rainfall , peaking at 189 mm ( 7 @.@ 44 in ) at a station on Wuzhi Mountain . The rains resulted in the collapse of 1 @,@ 400 homes and an estimated CN ¥ 140 @.@ 27 million ( US $ 16 @.@ 9 million ) in direct economic losses . Effects were worst in Vietnam , where three people were killed . Widespread power outages occurred , and strong winds resulted in agricultural and infrastructural damage , particularly in Vietnam 's northern provinces .


= = = Tropical Storm Morakot ( Juaning ) = = =


Morakot spawned from an area of disturbed weather in the Philippine Sea on July 31 . Tracking northwest , favorable conditions allowed for the intensification of the system to tropical storm strength on August 2 . Morakot reached peak intensity later that day with winds of 85 km / h ( 50 mph ) and a minimum barometric pressure of 992 mbar ( hPa ; 28 @.@ 29 inHg ) . This intensity was held for several hours until less conducive atmospheric conditions slightly weakened the system ; this was followed by Morakot making landfall on southern Taiwan on August 3 . Subsequently , the storm weakened and moved into the Taiwan Strait before making its final landfall near Quanzhou , China the next day . The storm quickly weakened over the Chinese mainland , and dissipated entirely several hours after landfall .

In Taiwan , where Morakot first made landfall , heavy rainfall resulted in flooding . Commercial flights , schools , and rail service in some areas was cancelled in advance of the storm . Precipitation there peaked at 653 mm ( 25 @.@ 71 in ) over a period of nearly two days in Taitung County . Crop damage also resulted from the rainfall , and was estimated at over NT $ 70 million ( US $ 2 million ) . In China , record rainfall was reported . The worst impacted city was Quanzhou , where losses due to Morakot reached CN ¥ 240 million ( US $ 29 million ) and one death was reported . Power outages were also widespread across southeastern China . Due to preexisting drought conditions , 703 cloud seeding operations took place in order to artificially generate added rainfall ; such operations resulted in moderate precipitation over the targeted area . Overall , Morakot caused roughly $ 31 million in damage and three deaths .


= = = Typhoon Etau ( Kabayan ) = = =


A tropical depression developed on August 2 southeast of Guam , and gradually intensified while moving to the northwest , becoming a tropical storm on August 3 and a typhoon a day later . Etau formed an eye and became a large storm by the time it approached Okinawa on August 7 . The typhoon attained peak winds of 155 km / h ( 100 mph ) before weakening slightly while turning to the northeast . Etau made landfall on the Japanese island of Shikoku on August 8 , and later moved across portions of Honshu and Hokkaido . After weakening to tropical storm status , the cyclone became extratropical on August 9 and dissipated three days later .

While passing northeast of the Philippines , the typhoon caused light damage in the archipelago . The eye crossed over Okinawa , where Etau left 166 @,@ 800 people without power and caused 10 injuries . Near where Etau first struck Japan , Muroto reported a peak wind gust of 166 km / h ( 103 mph ) , at the time the third strongest on record there . The typhoon also dropped torrential rainfall peaking at 683 mm ( 26 @.@ 9 in ) . The combination of winds and rainfall caused landslides , particularly on Hokkaido . Nationwide , Etau killed 20 people , destroyed 708 houses , and caused ¥ 35 @.@ 1 billion ( JPY , $ 294 @.@ 8 million USD ) in damage .


= = = Typhoon Krovanh ( Niña ) = = =


Krovanh originated from a tropical disturbance within the monsoon trough east of Chuuk State on August 13 . Despite rather favorable conditions , the initial tropical depression did not intensify significantly and degenerated into a remnant low on August 18 . However , these remnants were able to reorganize and the system was reclassified as a tropical cyclone a day later . Intensification was rather rapid upon the storm 's reformation – the depression reached tropical storm status on August 20 and then typhoon intensity two days later . Shortly after , Krovanh made landfall on Luzon at peak intensity with winds of 120 km / h ( 75 mph ) . The typhoon emerged into the South China Sea as a much weaker tropical storm , though it was able to restrengthen over warm waters . Once again at typhoon intensity , Krovanh clipped Hainan before moving over the Leizhou Peninsula on its way to a final landfall near Cẩm Phả , Vietnam on August 25 . Quick weakening due to land interaction occurred as Krovanh moved across northern Vietnam , where the storm met its demise the following day .

Krovanh first struck the Philippines , resulting in heavy rainfall and displacing approximately 1 @,@ 000 families . The flooding caused severe damage and killed one person . Krovanh 's effects were much more severe in China . In Hong Kong , eleven people were injured and isolated flooding occurred as a result of the typhoon 's outer rainbands . However , Guangdong Province , Hainan Province , and Guangxi were the Chinese regions most extensively impacted . The typhoon brought record wind gusts into Guangxi . In those three regions combined , 13 @,@ 000 homes were estimated to have collapsed and a large swath of farmland was damaged . Two people were killed in China and economic losses approximated to ¥ 2 @.@ 1 billion ( US $ 253 million ) . Due to its positioning and track , of all areas in Vietnam only the country 's more northern regions were impacted by Krovanh . Flash flooding occurred in earnest in those regions , and 1 @,@ 000 homes were flattened . One person was killed and five others were injured in Vietnam . Overall , the typhoon was responsible for the deaths of four persons .


= = = Tropical Storm Vamco ( Manang ) = = =


The monsoon trough spawned several tropical disturbances in the middle of August , one of which became Tropical Depression Lakay near the Philippines . On August 18 , an area of convection persisted on the southern side of a circulation , developing into a tropical depression east of Luzon . It moved quickly northward and later to the northwest in an area generally unfavorable for strengthening , such as the presence of wind shear and land interaction . On August 19 , the JMA upgraded the depression to Tropical Storm Vamco to the east of Taiwan . Later that day , the circulation passed just 55 km ( 35 mi ) north of Taipei , although the convection was exposed that time . On August 20 , the JMA assessed Vamco as dissipating in the Taiwan Strait , although the JTWC continued advisories until the storm moved ashore in southeastern China .

Rainfall in Taiwan reached 69 mm ( 2 @.@ 7 in ) in Ilan County . On the island , the storm left several hundred houses without power due to a lightning strike . On mainland China , rainfall peaked at 101 mm ( 4 @.@ 0 in ) in Wenzhou , Zhejiang , which were largely beneficial in easing drought conditions , while winds gusted to 100 km / h ( 62 mph ) . The storm damaged or destroyed 5 @,@ 880 houses and flooded 1 @,@ 287 ha ( 3 @,@ 180 acres ) of paddy fields , causing ¥ 38 @.@ 6 million ( CNY , $ 4 @.@ 7 million USD ) in damage .


= = = Typhoon Dujuan ( Onyok ) = = =


On August 27 , a tropical depression developed about 520 km ( 325 mi ) northwest of Guam , which initially drifted to the southwest before turning to the northwest . On August 29 , the JMA upgraded it to Tropical Storm Dujuan , and that day PAGASA began issuing advisories on Tropical Storm Onyok . The storm quickly intensified into a typhoon , after developing an eye in the center . On September 1 , the JMA estimated Dujuan attained peak 10 minute winds of 150 km / h ( 90 mph ) , and the JTWC assessed peak 1 – minute winds of 230 km / h ( 145 mph ) . While near peak intensity , the center of Dujuan passed about 45 km ( 30 mi ) south of the southern tip of Taiwan . The typhoon weakened steadily and was a severe tropical storm by the time it made landfall on September 2 just east of Hong Kong . The JTWC estimated landfall winds of 185 km / h ( 115 mph ) , making it the strongest typhoon to strike the Pearl River Delta since Typhoon Hope in 1979 . Dujuan rapidly weakened while continuing westward through China , dissipating on September 3 over Guangxi .

In the Philippines , Dujuan interacted with the monsoon to produce heavy rainfall , killing one person . While in the vicinity , Dujuan produced gusts of 100 km / h ( 62 mph ) on Yonaguni , a Japanese subdivision of Okinawa . Heavy rainfall in Taiwan reached 628 mm ( 24 @.@ 7 in ) in Pingtung County , and winds peaked at 176 km / h ( 109 mph ) on Orchid Island before the anemometer was destroyed . The caused about NT $ 200 ( NWD , $ 115 million USD ) in crop damage , and killed three people . Damage was minor in Hong Kong , and four fishermen were missing and presumed drowned after their boat sank . On the Chinese mainland , strong winds left 90 % of the city of Shenzen without power , and killed 16 construction workers due to a half @-@ finished building collapsing . Across Guangdong , the typhoon damaged crops and destroyed 54 @,@ 000 homes were destroyed . Overall damage in China was estimated at ¥ 2 @.@ 3 billion ( CNY , $ 277 million USD ) , and across Guangdong , the typhoon killed 40 people .


= = = Typhoon Maemi ( Pogi ) = = =


Typhoon Maemi formed on September 4 from the monsoon trough in the western Pacific Ocean . It slowly intensified into a tropical storm while moving northwestward , and Maemi became a typhoon on September 8 . That day , it quickly intensified due to favorable conditions , developing a well @-@ defined eye and reaching peak maximum sustained winds of 195 km / h ( 120 mph ) . While near peak intensity , Maemi was decelerating and began turning to the north @-@ northeast . The eyewall soon after passed over the Japanese island of Miyako @-@ jima on September 10 , producing the fourth lowest pressure on record in Japan after a pressure of 912 mbar ( 26 @.@ 9 inHg ) was recorded . With warm waters , Maemi was able to maintain much of its intensity before it made landfall just west of Busan , South Korea on September 12 . On Jeju Island , Maemi produced a peak wind gust of 216 km / h ( 134 mph ) and a minimum pressure of 950 mbar ( 28 inHg ) , both setting records for the country , and making it the most powerful typhoon to strike South Korea since record @-@ keeping began in the country in 1904 . The typhoon became extratropical in the Sea of Japan the next day , although the remnants persisted for several more days , bringing strong winds to northern Japan .

The typhoon first affected the Ryukyu Islands of Japan . On Miyako @-@ jima , strong winds damaged 104 buildings , and 95 % of residents lost power . Maemi dropped heavy rainfall there , including rates of 58 @.@ 5 mm ( 2 @.@ 30 in ) in an hour , and 402 @.@ 5 mm ( 15 @.@ 85 in ) in 24 hours , the latter setting a record . One person died on Miyako @-@ jima after being struck by flying glass . Elsewhere in Japan , the storm caused flights to be canceled , while rainfall @-@ induced landslides blocked roads . There were two other deaths in Japan , and damage totaled ¥ 11 @.@ 3 billion ( JPY , $ 96 million USD ) . Damage was heaviest in South Korea , notably where it moved ashore . Winds in Busan near the landfall location reached 154 km / h ( 96 mph ) , the second @-@ highest on record . There , the port sustained heavy damage , causing disruptions to exports in the months following the storm . Nationwide , the high winds destroyed about 5 @,@ 000 houses and damaged 13 @,@ 000 homes and businesses , leaving 25 @,@ 000 people homeless . About 1 @.@ 47 million lost power , and widespread crop damage occurred , resulting in the worst rice crop in 23 years . Across South Korea , Maemi killed 117 people , and overall damage totaled ₩ 5 @.@ 52 trillion won ( $ 4 @.@ 8 billion USD ) .


= = = Typhoon Choi @-@ wan ( Roskas ) = = =


In the middle of September , the monsoon trough spawned a rapidly organizing disturbance east @-@ northeast of Luzon , with weak wind shear and favorable conditions . On September 16 , the JMA classified it as a tropical depression , and the JTWC initiated advisories the next day . The system moved to the northwest due to the subtropical ridge to the northeast and later to the north . On September 18 , the JMA upgraded the depression to Tropical Storm Choi @-@ wan , the same day that PAGASA classified it as Tropical Storm Roskas . An eastward @-@ moving trough turned the storm to the northeast , bringing the track over Okinawa and Amami Ōshima on September 19 . Choi @-@ wan continued gradually intensifying , becoming a typhoon on September 20 to the southeast of Japan . That day , the JMA estimated peak winds of 130 km / h ( 80 mph ) , and the JTWC estimated peak 1 minute winds of 185 km / h ( 115 mph ) on September 21 , after Choi @-@ wan developed a well @-@ defined eye . The typhoon weakened due to increasing wind shear , deteriorating to severe tropical storm status on September 22 before JMA declared it extratropical on September 23 . The remnants of Choi @-@ wan continued to the northeast , exited the basin on September 24 , and eventually struck southern Alaska on September 25 .

Wind gusts in Okinawa reached 115 km / h ( 72 mph ) , while on the volcanic island of Hachijō @-@ jima , gusts reached 214 km / h ( 133 mph ) . On the Japanese mainland , winds gusted to 126 km / h ( 78 mph ) at Chōshi , Chiba . Choi @-@ wan dropped heavy rainfall while near Japan , peaking at 316 mm ( 12 @.@ 4 in ) on Miyake @-@ jima . In Okinawa , Choi @-@ wan flooded a boat , forcing its occupants to be rescued by the Coast Guard . Also on the island , heavy rainfall caused landslides and flooded houses . In Amami Ōshima , the storm left 10 @,@ 810 people without power . On Hachijō , wind gusts of 214 km / h ( 133 mph ) damaged about 200 houses . Nationwide , Choi @-@ wan destroyed 191 homes , injured 9 people , and left about ¥ 300 million ( JPY , $ 2 @.@ 5 million USD ) .


= = = Typhoon Koppu ( Sikat ) = = =


Towards the end of September , the monsoon trough spawned a tropical disturbance east @-@ northeast of Yap , which became a tropical depression on September 24 . There were initially several circulations , with a tropical upper tropospheric trough to the northeast increasing outflow . After slowing and turning to the northeast , the depression intensified into Tropical Storm Koppu on September 26 . After the storm developed a large eye feature , the JTWC upgraded it to typhoon status on September 27 , although the JMA did not follow suit until the following day while near Chichi @-@ jima . Also that day , Koppu passed 95 km ( 60 mi ) west of Iwo Jima , and the JMA estimated peak 10 minute winds of 130 km / h ( 80 mph ) . The JTWC estimated peak 1 minute winds of 165 km / h ( 105 mph ) , before an approaching trough caused the typhoon to accelerate northeastward . The convection diminished near the center , causing Koppu to become extratropical on September 30 . The remnants continued generally northeastward through the Aleutian Islands , eventually passing south of mainland Alaska on October 7 .

On Chichi @-@ jima , Typhoon Koppu produced sustained winds of 102 km / h ( 63 mph ) , with gusts to 200 km / h ( 124 mph ) , which was the third strongest on record for the station . Rainfall there reached 183 mm ( 7 @.@ 2 in ) . Wind gusts on Iwo Jima peaked at 109 km / h ( 68 mph ) .


= = = Typhoon Ketsana ( Tisoy ) = = =


In the middle of October , an area of convection persisted along the monsoon trough between Luzon and Guam , developing into a tropical depression on October 17 . The same monsoon trough later spawned Typhoon Parma to the east . For several days , the system remained disorganized while drifting to the west @-@ northwest due to weak steering currents south of the subtropical ridge . On October 19 , the JMA upgraded the depression to Tropical Storm Ketsana , and by that time the storm had begun drifting to the northeast . With favorable outflow , Ketsana quickly intensified into a typhoon on October 20 after developing an eye , and two days later , the JMA estimated peak winds of 165 km / h ( 105 mph ) . The JTWC estimated peak 1 minute winds of 230 km / h ( 145 mph ) around the time the well @-@ defined eye had expanded to 37 km ( 23 mi ) . Subsequently , the typhoon accelerated northeastward into the westerlies and began weakening due to increasing wind shear and dry air . On October 26 , Ketsana became extratropical to the east of Japan and dissipated the next day . The passage of the typhoon caused surface chlorophyll a concentration in the ocean to increase 30 @-@ fold .


= = = Typhoon Parma = = =


The same monsoon trough that spawned Typhoon Koppu also produced an area of convection to the north @-@ northeast of Guam , becoming a tropical depression on October 19 . The system moved northwestward and later turned to the northeast around the subtropical ridge . With low wind shear and favorable outflow , the convection became better organized , and the JMA upgraded it to Tropical Storm Parma on October 21 . After an eye began to form , Parma was upgraded to typhoon status the next day . An approaching trough caused Parma to accelerate northeastward while also increasing outflow . On October 24 , the JMA estimated peak winds of 175 km / h ( 110 mph ) while the JTWC estimated winds of 240 km / h ( 150 mph ) , an unusually high intensity for 30 ° N. Subsequently , Parma rounded the subtropical ridge and began moving to the east @-@ southeast , beginning a nearly week @-@ long loop . The cold front had passed to the north and failed to bring the typhoon northeastward .

Increasing wind shear weakened the convection , and Parma deteriorated into a severe tropical storm on October 26 . The next day , it began moving westward while passing about 345 km ( 215 mi ) north of Wake Island . A large eye of 110 km ( 70 mi ) in diameter developed , and on October 28 , the JMA re @-@ upgraded Parma to typhoon status . The next day , the typhoon turned to the northeast due to another approaching trough . With decreasing wind shear and warmer waters , Parma re @-@ intensified significantly on October 29 , reaching a secondary peak of 165 km / h ( 105 mph ) according to JMA , and 215 km / h ( 135 mph ) according to JTWC . The storm moved very closely along the track it took several days prior . Increasing wind shear on October 30 caused rapid weakening , resulting in the eye dissipating . By the next day , the center was exposed , and Parma became extratropical , later exiting the basin on November 1 . The remnants weakened , later turning to the southeast and dissipating on November 11 southwest of California .


= = = Severe Tropical Storm Melor ( Viring ) = = =


Late in October , an area of convection persisted northwest of Palau and quickly organized into a tropical depression on October 29 . Moving west @-@ northwestward toward the Philippines due to a ridge to the east , the depression intensified into Tropical Storm Melor on October 30 . With minimal wind shear , the storm strengthened further and developed a large eye . The JTWC upgraded Melor to typhoon status on October 31 , estimating peak 1 minute winds of 140 km / h ( 85 mph ) , although the JMA estimated the storm only attained peak 10 minute winds of 95 km / h ( 60 mph ) . Early on November 1 , Melor made landfall on northeastern Luzon in the Philippines , south of Palanan . The storm weakened over land and emerged into the South China Sea . By that time , it was moving northward along the periphery of the ridge to the east . On November 2 , Melor turned to the northeast , passing just east of Taiwan . The next day , it weakened to tropical depression status , and after meandering offshore eastern Taiwan , Melor continued northeastward . It became extratropical on November 5 and dissipated the next day near southern Japan .

In the Philippines , Melor dropped about 150 mm ( 6 in ) of rainfall , which flooded the Cagayan River and killed four people . In Taiwan , rainfall reached 554 mm ( 21 @.@ 8 in ) in Pingtung County . On the Japanese island of Hateruma , rainfall totaled 197 mm ( 7 @.@ 8 in ) , which broke the hourly and daily record for the station in November .


= = = Typhoon Nepartak ( Weng ) = = =


A tropical depression developed near Yap on November 11 . The system intensified gradually as it tracked quickly westward toward the Philippines . An anticyclone aloft allowed for strengthening , and the JMA upgraded the depression to Tropical Storm Nepartak on November 12 . Simultaneously , the cyclone entered the area of responsibility of the Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration , which named it Tropical Storm Weng . At around 1600 UTC on November 13 , Nepartak made landfall on northern Samar Island in the Philippines before traversing the remainder of the archipelago from east to west . The cyclone emerged into the South China Sea weakened but quickly re @-@ intensified while continuing to the west @-@ northwest . The JTWC estimated peak winds of 140 km / h ( 85 mph ) on November 16 , and later that day , the JMA upgraded the storm to typhoon status , estimating peak 10 @-@ minute winds of 120 km / h ( 75 mph ) . On November 18 , Nepartak passed near southwestern Hainan and weakened , with the convection diminishing from the circulation . By the next day , the system weakened to tropical depression status , and dissipated shortly after moving ashore over Beihai , China .

In the Philippines , Nepartak produced strong winds , heavy rainfall , and rough seas . The storm caused widespread power outages and ferry disruptions . According to the PAGASA in its post @-@ storm report , a total of 13 people lost their lives during the storm . On Hainan , the storm helped end one of the worst summer droughts in almost 65 years , although it also left heavy crop damage , wrecking 64 @,@ 000 ha ( 160 @,@ 000 acres ) of fields and killing 400 head of livestock . With about 800 homes destroyed , damage on Hainan amounted to $ 197 million ( 2003 USD ) . Effects were minor in mainland China .


= = = Typhoon Lupit ( Yoyoy ) = = =


Typhoon Lupit formed on November 18 from the monsoon trough to the west of the Marshall Islands . Early in its duration , it moved generally to the west or west @-@ southwest . On November 21 , the depression intensified into Tropical Storm Lupit , and two days later , it strengthened into a typhoon , developing an eye . Lupit later began a prolonged movement to the northwest , during which it passed near several islands in Yap State . The typhoon reached peak intensity on November 26 , with peak 10 – minute sustained winds of 185 km / h ( 115 mph ) . It later weakened due to a variety of unfavorable conditions , and after recurving to the northeast , Lupit became extratropical south of Japan on December 2 .

Typhoon Lupit first affected Pohnpei with gusty winds , and later it damaged or destroyed about 200 homes in Chuuk State . There , high waves flooded roads and homes , while high winds damaged crops . Damage was heaviest in Yap State , mostly in the small Ulithi atoll and Fais Island . On both islands , the typhoon contaminated the water supply and wrecked the crops . Rainfall reached 263 mm ( 10 @.@ 35 in ) on Ulithi , and gusts reached 158 km / h ( 98 mph ) . Throughout the FSM , damage totaled about $ 1 @.@ 7 million , although there were no deaths . The damage prompted the FSM government to declare two states as disaster areas , as well as a disaster declaration from the United States federal government . While Lupit was becoming extratropical , it became the first typhoon in December to threaten Japan in 13 years . The storm dropped rainfall that resulted in mudslides and flight cancellations .


= = = Other storms = = =


An area of convection formed on May 16 to the southwest of Palau , located within an area of weak wind shear . The next day , the JMA and the JTWC both classified the system as a tropical depression . The convection was disorganized in association with multiple circulation centers , although it gradually organized . Moving westward initially , the depression turned more to the north into an area of increasing wind shear . On May 19 , the JTWC upgraded the system to Tropical Storm 03W , and on the same day , PAGASA classified it as Tropical Depression Batibot . Soon after , the convection decreased from the center , and by May 20 , all warning agencies had discontinued advisories .

On July 9 , PAGASA classified a system as Tropical Depression Falcon , off the west coast of the Philippines . The JMA also briefly initiated advisories before dropping them later on July 9 . Later in the month , PAGASA briefly issued advisories on Tropical Depression Ineng on July 30 off the east coast of Mindanao . The depression dissipated the next day , causing about P8 million ( PHP , $ 145 @,@ 000 USD ) in damage . The monsoon trough spawned a tropical depression north of Luzon on August 18 , with PAGASA naming it Lakay . There were several circulations in the region , with Tropical Storm Vamco to the northeast near Taiwan , and the overall system moved generally westward . PAGASA briefly classified Lakay as a tropical storm on August 19 before ending advisories the next day . The system spread rainfall across China , reaching 82 @.@ 4 mm ( 3 @.@ 24 in ) in Xiamen , Fujuan .

On September 5 , former Hurricane Jimena crossed the International Date Line into the basin . By that time , the circulation was largely exposed from the convection , and the center quickly dissipated . Later in the month , the monsoon trough spawned a disturbance east of the Philippines that PAGASA classified as Tropical Depression Quiel on September 15 . The system moved westward but never intensified , dissipating west of Luzon on September 19 . The broad system also spawned Typhoon Choi @-@ wan .

In October , the JTWC classified Tropical Depression 18W early in the month off the west coast of Luzon . With weak steering currents , the system moved slowly southwestward before looping to the northwest . On October 10 , the depression dissipated just off the coast of southern China . On October 5 , the JMA monitored a tropical depression southeast of Taiwan that later passed near the island , producing heavy rainfall that peaked at 153 mm ( 6 @.@ 0 in ) in Ilan County . A few days later , the JTWC monitored Tropical Depression 19W , which developed on October 12 after an extratropical storm produced an area of convection . Described as a subtropical low , the depression moved generally northeastward toward Japan due to an approaching cold front . The depression moved through Kyushu and Honshu before dissipating on October 13 . The depression dropped 285 mm ( 11 @.@ 2 in ) of rainfall in Kōchi , while strong winds associated reached 217 km / h ( 135 mph ) through a storm @-@ produced downburst . The winds knocked over two cranes , killing two people , and left about 9 @,@ 000 homes without power . The depression also killed two people due to drownings . On October 16 , the JMA briefly classified a tropical depression to the east of the Marianas Islands . On October 22 , a tropical depression developed in the South China Sea , classified by PAGASA as Ursula . The system moved eastward and crossed Palawan before dissipating on October 24 . In the Philippines , the depression killed one person and caused minor damage . Also in October , the monsoon trough spawned a tropical depression in the Gulf of Thailand , which moved northwestward and crossed into the Indian Ocean , dropping heavy rainfall in Thailand .

In mid @-@ November , the JMA briefly tracked a weak tropical depression near Wake Island . The agency also briefly tracked a tropical depression off the coast of Vietnam on December 16 . It finally dissipated on December 17 , with the pressure and winds unknown . The final system of the year was a tropical depression that originated out of the monsoon trough on December 24 east of the Philippines . After initially moving to the west , it turned to the south , and the JTWC estimated the depression intensified into a tropical storm . During this time , PAGASA classified it as Tropical Storm Zigzag . The system made landfall in northeastern Mindanao and dissipated on December 27 , bringing heavy rainfall .


= = Storm names = =


Within the North @-@ western Pacific Ocean , both the Japan Meteorological Agency ( JMA ) and the Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration assign names to tropical cyclones that develop in the Western Pacific , which can result in a tropical cyclone having two names . The Japan Meteorological Agency 's RSMC Tokyo — Typhoon Center assigns international names to tropical cyclones on behalf of the World Meteorological Organization 's Typhoon Committee , should they be judged to have 10 @-@ minute sustained windspeeds of 65 km / h , ( 40 mph ) . While the Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration assigns names to tropical cyclones which move into or form as a tropical depression in their area of responsibility located between 135 ° E and 115 ° E and between 5 ° N @-@ 25 ° N even if the cyclone has had an international name assigned to it . The names of significant tropical cyclones are retired , by both PAGASA and the Typhoon Committee . Should the list of names for the Philippine region be exhausted then names will be taken from an auxiliary list of which the first ten are published each season . Unused names are marked in gray .


= = = International names = = =


During the season 21 named tropical cyclones developed in the Western Pacific and were named by the Japan Meteorological Agency , when it was determined that they had become tropical storms . These names were contributed to a list of a 140 names submitted by the fourteen members nations and territories of the ESCAP / WMO Typhoon Committee .


= = = Philippines = = =


The Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration uses its own naming scheme for tropical cyclones in their area of responsibility . PAGASA assigns names to tropical depressions that form within their area of responsibility and any tropical cyclone that might move into their area of responsibility . Should the list of names for a given year prove to be insufficient , names are taken from an auxiliary list , the first 10 of which are published each year before the season starts . The names not retired from this list will be used again in the 2007 season . Names that were not assigned are marked in gray .


= = = Retirement = = =


The names Imbudo and Maemi were retired by the ESCAP / WMO Typhoon Committee . The names Molave and Mujigae were chosen to replace Imbudo and Maemi respectively . While Yanyan was requested by Hong Kong to be removed in the list , and was replaced by Dolphin . The Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration ( PAGASA ) announced that the name Harurot had its name retired due to extensive damage . The name Hanna was chosen to replace Harurot . Also , the name " Koni " was replaced by " Goni " , after it was found that Koni was a misspelling .


= = Storm effects = =


The following table provides basic meteorological and impact information for each tropical cyclone from the 2003 Pacific typhoon season in tabular format ; unnamed tropical cyclones are not included . PAGASA names for storms are provided in parentheses . Storms entering from the Central Pacific only include their information while in the western Pacific , and are noted with an asterisk * .


