= QuackShot =


QuackShot , known in Japan as I Love Donald Duck : Georgia Ou no Hihou ( Japanese : アイラブドナルドダック グルジア王の秘宝 , Hepburn : Ai Rabu Donarudo Dakku Gurujia Ō no Hihō ) , is a 1991 platforming video game developed and published by Sega for the Sega Genesis . The game was released in Europe in 1991 , in North America on December 19 , 1991 and in Japan on December 20 , 1991 . QuackShot stars Donald Duck and his three nephews , Huey , Dewey , and Louie , as treasure @-@ hunters , and is part of a series of games published by Sega that were based on Walt Disney cartoon characters .

QuackShot was released to mostly positive reviews from video game journalists . The game was universally lauded for its graphics , with magazines like Sega Pro describing them as " some of the best graphics around . " The game was also praised for its music and puzzles , as well as their clever use in the game . However , QuackShot was criticized for its controls , being described by IGN as " float @-@ y " and making certain segments of the game unnecessarily difficult . The game was also criticized for its lack of difficulty overall as well as its lack of speech samples , which several other Genesis games of the time had .


= = Gameplay = =


The player , as Donald , ventures through a variety of side @-@ scrolling levels . Generally , each level is divided into an overland part and a dungeon , such as the Maharajah 's palace or the temple in which the Great Duck Treasure resides . Although the player may choose any order to play the overland sections , various obstacles prevent the player from entering the dungeons outside of a specific order . In addition to this , some levels provide the player with vital clues which solve puzzles needed to progress in later sections . Once Donald has completed the overland section of an area , he may leave by calling his nephews ' biplane , and will return to the dungeon entrance of that area if the player chooses to return .

Donald is armed with a special gun that can shoot plungers , popcorn or bubble gum . Donald has unlimited plungers which can only temporarily stun enemies ( though bosses can still be damaged with plungers ) , and can collect popcorn and gum along the way or get the latter from Gyro Gearloose . Later in the game , the plunger is upgraded to act as a temporary platform to climb walls with and , when stuck to a passing bird , allows Donald to traverse longer distances . In Duckburg , India and Egypt , Donald can also pick up chili peppers which increase his temper , eventually temporarily allowing him to become invincible , increase his speed and knock out enemies in his path .


= = Plot = =


While Donald is flipping through some books in Scrooge McDuck 's library , a map falls out of a book relating to the treasure of King Garuzia , ruler of the Great Duck Kingdom in ancient times . The map leads to the location of the king 's most prized possession , hidden in a secret place shortly before his death . Donald thinks this is his path to riches . Unfortunately Big Bad Pete overhears and pursues Donald throughout the game hoping to steal the treasure .

Teamed with his nephews Huey , Dewey , and Louie , and using the partial map from the library , Donald begins his search in Duckburg , with the trail being directed to an Aztec pyramid in Mexico . Outside the pyramid , he is directed by a " sweet seniorita " to obtain a " hero key " from an explorer back in Duckburg to open the pyramid . Inside the pyramid , Donald meets Goofy , who gives him a strange note and a plunger to help him reach higher places , and tells him that Gyro Gearloose is looking for him back in Duckburg . Travelling across the rooftops of Duckburg to meet Gyro , Donald is given Gyro 's latest invention , bubblegum ammo that can break through walls . The last location on the partial map is Count Dracula 's castle in Transylvania , where Donald encounters a ghost who tells him that the Count carries the real treasure map .

After defeating Dracula , Donald receives a more complete map . In India , Donald enters the palace of the Maharajah , where she challenges him to defeat the tiger in her garden in exchange for a Sphinx Tear . Donald succeeds and receives the Sphinx Tear , which is the key to open a temple in Egypt . Donald is able to solve the " Riddle of the Sphinx " using the note Goofy had given him , and obtains the Scepter of Ra before escaping in a mine cart . From there , he journeys to the South Pole , where he finds a key frozen in ice , and uses the Scepter of Ra to melt the ice and grab the key . The key unlocks the hold of a Viking ship , which contains an ancient diary with the secret to locating the treasure . The ship is haunted by ghosts , and the Viking captain sends Donald below decks to get rid of them . After defeating a skeletal Viking warrior , Donald returns to the deck , where the captain informs him that the diary is hidden in ice near the South Pole , and gives him an " ancient Viking plunger " that attaches to flying creatures . Donald then returns to the South Pole , hitching a ride on one of Pete 's bird minions to reach the diary .

However , upon finding the diary , Pete shows up , holding Donald 's nephews hostage in exchange for the diary . After giving Pete the diary , Donald travels to Pete 's hideout to defeat Pete and get the diary back . The diary reveals that the map , when dipped in water , will reveal the location of the Great Duck Treasure . Donald flies to the island where the treasure is hidden and manages to evade its traps in order to reach the treasure vault . After defeating the ancient spirit guarding the treasure , Donald opens the vault only to find a simple stone statue . When the disappointed Donald returns home , Huey , Dewey and Louie accidentally break the statue , which reveals a golden jeweled necklace was hidden inside . Donald gives the necklace to Daisy and the two fly off into the sunset together .


= = Development and release = =


QuackShot was developed and published by Sega for the Sega Genesis as part of a series of games that were based on Walt Disney cartoon characters . The game was released in Europe in 1991 , in North America on December 19 , 1991 and in Japan on December 20 , 1991 . QuackShot was later released as part of a bundle called The Disney Collection for Genesis in 1996 alongside Castle of Illusion . The game was also ported to the Sega Saturn and released exclusively in Japan alongside Castle of Illusion again as part of the Sega Ages series in 1998 , entitled Sega Ages : I Love Mickey Mouse .


= = Reception = =


QuackShot received a mostly positive response from critics upon release . GameRankings , an aggregator for video game reviews , assigned the game a score of 77 % based on 2 reviews . Mega placed the game at # 7 in their " Top Mega Drive Games of All Time " list . MegaTech magazine praised the game 's graphics , but criticized the game 's easy difficulty level , explaining simply that " the graphics are excellent , but the game is easy to complete . " Damian Butt from Sega Pro also praised the graphics , stating that the game has " without [ a ] doubt some of the best graphics around " and that " the sprites and backgrounds are consistently excellent . " He also noted the game 's various puzzles and their use in the game , explaining that " [ e ] ven if the ideas are not original , the way they are strung together to accelerate the pace to overload is nothing short of breath @-@ taking . " Levi Buchanan from IGN gave QuackShot a 7 @.@ 3 / 10 , also lauding the graphics and animation as excellent and saying the music was pleasing .

Butt criticized Donald 's controls in certain situations in the game , as well as the difficulty of some levels and puzzles . Buchanan also criticized the controls , calling them " float @-@ y " and noted the difficulty in executing precision jumps , explaining that " [ i ] t 's far too easy to over- or under @-@ shoot a narrow column and slip to your doom . " Butt was also " dubious of the number of credits , " stating that the game may seem easy with unlimited continues , but that the player will " still need considerable skill to reach the treasure island . " Buchanan was disappointed with the lack of speech samples , explaining that it 's " a bit of a drag with a character that is so defined by his voice . " Ultimately , Butt said that " [ y ] ounger players will instantly be enthralled by Donald 's quest " and that " QuackShot is everything a cartoon game should be and more . " Buchanan summed up the game as being a " good platformer tripped up by some questionable controls " and recommended the game as " a mildly enjoyable 16 @-@ bit platformer that would fit nicely in your Genesis collection . "


