= Weevils Wobble But They Don 't Go Down =


" Weevils Wobble But They Don 't Go Down " is the nineteenth and penultimate episode of the third season of the American mystery television series Veronica Mars , and the 63rd episode overall . Written by Phil Klemmer and directed by Jason Bloom , the episode premiered on The CW on May 22 , 2007 . The series depicts the adventures of Veronica Mars ( Kristen Bell ) as she deals with life as a college student while moonlighting as a private detective .

In this episode , Weevil ( Francis Capra ) enlists Veronica 's help in proving his innocence when he is implicated in creating fake student IDs . Meanwhile , Veronica and Piz ( Chris Lowell ) come to terms with Veronica 's FBI internship , and a sex tape of this couple is released on the internet . Logan ( Jason Dohring ) beats up Piz , thinking that he posted it . In addition , Keith ( Enrico Colantoni ) and Vinnie ( Ken Marino ) debate on Piz 's radio show about the upcoming Sheriff 's election in which they are running against each other .

" Weevils Wobble But They Don 't Go Down " features the reappearance of Weevil after an absence of five episodes ; during filming of the third season , Capra was undergoing medical treatment . Series creator Rob Thomas pointed out Logan and Piz 's fight scene as one of the highlights of the episode and the season . In its original broadcast , the episode received mostly positive reviews from television critics , with many praising the case @-@ of @-@ the @-@ week .


= = Synopsis = =


In a checkout line , Veronica and Mac ( Tina Majorino ) discuss her relationship with Piz and what her FBI internship will mean for them . They then see someone getting arrested by the campus police for a fake debit card . Weevil injures himself , but finds himself unable to receive adequate benefits . Veronica gets Piz to accept her leaving for the internship . At the Sheriff ’ s station , Weevil is called out by several students as being the one who gave them the fake cards . Weevil is put in the jail cell , but he tells Veronica that he think they targeted him after he was showcased in the criminology class . She investigates several of the owners of the student IDs , who do seem genuine in accusing Weevil . Weevil gets bail , but Keith informs him that a student ID printing machine was found in the locker next to Weevil ’ s . Veronica and Wallace speak to a mechanical engineering professor , who says that it would be impossible for Weevil to be the culprit . Piz invites Keith to appear on his show in an election special before Keith informs Veronica that Weevil ’ s fingerprints were found all over the investigation .

Keith and Vinnie debate on Piz ’ s radio show , and Vinnie gathers some support about his lax underage drinking policy . Wallace notices someone following him , and the student wants to recruit him for a secret society . Vinnie insults Keith ’ s handling of his home life , and Veronica hits him on the head lightly . She helps Weevil retrace his steps and notices one of her criminology classmates , Jenny ( Dianna Agron ) , involved with one of Weevil ’ s clients . Veronica deduces that Jenny and her circle of friends are responsible for creating the fake student IDs , disseminating them , and implicating Weevil . Logan and Dick ( Ryan Hansen ) go surfing , and they run into Veronica , Piz , and Mac helping Wallace ( Percy Daggs III ) with his final project for a class . Veronica learns that one of Jenny ’ s group lives in the same town in Georgia where the student ID machines are made .

Veronica is called into a room in the library by Jenny ’ s group , who try to bribe her into not turning them in to the Hearst police . However , she denies and records their conversation as further proof . They are hiding a third ID machine , and Veronica tells Weevil to go and find it . Dick shows Logan a sex tape of Piz and Veronica that has been circulating in an email . Because Logan thinks Piz posted the tape , he attacks Piz and hits him incessantly . Weevil does have a student ID machine , and Logan walks into Mars Investigations with Piz ’ s blood on him .


= = Production = =


" Weevils Wobble But They Don 't Go Down " was written by Phil Klemmer and directed by Jason Bloom , marking Klemmer 's fifteenth and final writing credit and Bloom 's fourth and final directing credit for Veronica Mars , after " Green @-@ Eyed Monster " , " Nevermind the Buttocks " , and " Charlie Don 't Surf " . The episode features the final appearance of Dianna Agron , famous for her role as Quinn Fabray on Glee , as Jenny Budosh , Veronica ’ s classmate . Agron had previously appeared in the episode “ President Evil ” . The episode prominently features Weevil ( Francis Capra ) , who appears after a five episode hiatus . During the third season , Capra was struggling with a medical condition , and the medication he took for this illness caused his face and neck to swell and break out with acne .

Series creator Rob Thomas included the scene in which Logan attacks Piz on his list of highlights from the third season . When Thomas first viewed the scene with his wife , she emitted an audible groan when she saw Logan walking through the cafeteria towards Piz , anticipating the fight that was about to come . Thomas thought that most fight scenes on the show were not well @-@ done , as they are filmed quickly and without a second unit . However , he was pleased with the final cut , stating that there was only one punch that he thought looked fake .


= = Reception = =



= = = Ratings = = =


In its original broadcast , “ Weevils Wobble But They Don ’ t Go Down ” received 1 @.@ 78 million viewers , ranking 77th of 85 in the weekly rankings . This was a decrease from the previous episode , “ I Know What You 'll Do Next Summer ” , which garnered 2 @.@ 10 million watchers .


= = = Reviews = = =


Eric Goldman , writing for IGN , graded the episode a 9 @.@ 0 out of 10 , indicating that it was “ amazing ” . His very positive review focused on the ambiguous nature of the main plot and the subplots of Dick and Logan . He praised the presence of the majority of the main cast members , also stating that Dick ’ s reaction to dealing with his brother was realistic for him and in character . The reviewer called the conclusion to the case @-@ of @-@ the @-@ week a “ fun and satisfying one ” that highlighted the moral ambiguity of main characters , something “ that the show had been lacking for a while . ” He highlighted this ambiguity in both Weevil in Logan , elaborating that Logan attacking Piz showed an interesting side to his personality that had not been present all season . The reviewer also lauded the cliffhanger ending , stating , “ it was a reminder of how exciting and intense this show can be at its best . ” Television Without Pity did not grant the episode a rating but lauded the characterization of Weevil , stating , “ This is the most consistently written character on the show , bar none . ”

Kelly West of Cinema Blend focused primarily on the series finale in her review but referred to this episode as containing a solid case @-@ of @-@ the @-@ week . “ Overall it was a good mystery @-@ of @-@ the @-@ week but seeing as it was the second to last episode , the only thing I cared about was that we finally got more Weevil ! ” Rowan Kaiser of The A.V. Club gave the episode a mixed review , stating that the case @-@ of @-@ the @-@ week was an oversimplification of the overall themes of Veronica Mars . The reviewer enjoyed the potential for Logan and Dick ’ s character development , although he felt that it was blunted by the knowledge that the series was about to end . “ As fun as this episode is , the lack of the fourth season stops me from fully enjoying it . [ … ] But the knowledge that this might be the last time we see them puts a damper on things . Still , better to go out with good episodes than bad . ”


