= Hannah Dodd =


Hannah Dodd ( born 27 April 1992 ) is an Australian Grade IV equestrian and 2 @.@ 0 point wheelchair basketball player who represented Australia in equestrian at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London , coming 11th and 12th in her events . Switching to wheelchair basketball , she made her debut with the national team at the Osaka Cup in February 2015 .

In 2008 , Dodd was the Australian national Grade IV para @-@ equestrian champion . She was runner @-@ up in 2009 , and won the Australian national championships again in 2011 , along with the Oceania Championships and the National Titles team events . By 2012 , she was the top @-@ ranked Australian competitor in her event and class .

After the London Paralympics , Dodd took up wheelchair basketball . She started playing for the Sydney University Flames in the Women 's National Wheelchair Basketball League in 2013 , made her debut with the national team at the Osaka Friendship Games in Osaka in February 2015 , winning bronze , and was part of the Under 25 team at the 2015 Women 's U25 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship in Beijing in July 2015 , winning silver .


= = Personal = =


Hannah Dodd was born on 27 April 1992 , and is from Arcadia , New South Wales . She has sacral agenesis and spina bifida with upper limb dystonia , and is missing four vertebrae in her back . When she was about a year old , her kidneys started failing . Her entire renal system needed to be reconstructed . She has two older brothers . She can walk with the aide of a caliper , and also uses a wheelchair . As of 2012 , she is a horse riding teacher and student at the University of Western Sydney where she is majoring in sports and exercise science .


= = Equestrian = =


Dodd is a Grade IV equestrian competitor , coached by Peter Turner . Due to her sacral agenesis , when she rides her horse , she dislocates several bones every time , but as a result of anti @-@ doping rules , she has had to find alternative ways of coping with pain associated with riding .

Dodd has been around horses since she was four months old , and was able to ride on her own by the time she was two years old , before she learned to walk . The sport gave her a degree of independence . She started competing in 2005 , and first represented Australia in 2006 , winning her first test in England that year.In 2008 , she became the youngest @-@ ever winner of the Australian national championships . She finished first at the March 2009 inter @-@ schools cup at the St Ives Showground , and second at the 2009 Australian national championships , but her horse , Lucifer 's Dream , was injured in 2009 . In 2009 and 2010 , she searched for another horse to assist her in getting through Paralympic qualification . She won the Australian national championships again in 2011 , along with the Oceania Championships and the National Titles team events . By 2012 , she was the top @-@ ranked Australian competitor in her event and class .

Dodd was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London in equestrian events with her horse Waikiwi . These Games were her first , and she was the youngest Australian equestrian competitor . A fund raiser was organised by Arcadia , New South Wales , residents . While her own costs and the cost of her horse were covered by Australian Paralympic Committee and Equestrian Australia , funds were required for her coach . She was placed 12th in the Individual Championship Test – Grade IV , and 11th in the Individual Freestyle Test – Grade IV and Team Test – Grade IV .


= = Wheelchair basketball = =


After the London Paralympics , Dodd took up wheelchair basketball . She started for the Sydney University Flames in the Women 's National Wheelchair Basketball League in 2013 . She has to strap her fingers and wrists , and usually dislocates a shoulder during a game . " I 've had a few bangs and scrapes and been tipped out of my chair a few times , " she concedes , " but it 's really fun . The fast pace really gives you an adrenalin kick and the girls I play with are awesome . " " If I have chose between my two sports for Rio , " she said , " I will go with basketball . " She made her debut with the national team , known as the Gliders , at the Osaka Cup in Osaka in February 2015 . The Gliders won bronze . In June 2015 , Dodd was selected as part of the under 25 team ( known as the Devils ) for the 2015 Women 's U25 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship in Beijing in July . The Devils won silver . By this time her health had deteriorated . She had to use a wheelchair much of the time , and her classification had dropped to a 2 @.@ 5 point player . In 2015 , she was reclassified a 2 @.@ 0 .


