= Tatwine =


Tatwine or Tatwin ( Tatuini or Tadwinus ; c . 670 – 734 ) was the tenth Archbishop of Canterbury from 731 to 734 . Prior to becoming archbishop , he was a monk and abbot of a Benedictine monastery . Besides his ecclesiastical career , Tatwine was a writer , and riddles he composed survive . Another work he composed was on the grammar of the Latin language , which was aimed at advanced students of that language . He was subsequently considered a saint .


= = Biography = =


Tatwine was a Mercian by birth . His epigraph at Canterbury stated that when he died he was in old age , so perhaps he was born around 670 . He became a monk at the monastery at Breedon @-@ on @-@ the @-@ Hill in the present @-@ day County of Leicestershire , and then abbot of that house . Through the influence of King Æthelbald he was appointed as Archbishop of Canterbury in 731 and was consecrated on 10 June 731 . He was one of a number of Mercians who were appointed to Canterbury during the 730s and 740s . Apart from his consecration of the Bishops of Lindsey and Selsey in 733 , Tatwine 's period as archbishop appears to have been uneventful . He died in office on 30 July 734 . Later considered a saint , his feast day is 30 July .


= = Writings = =


Bede 's commentary on Tatwine calls him a " vir religione et Prudentia insignis , sacris quoque literis nobiliter instructus " ( a man notable for his prudence , devotion and learning ) . These qualities were displayed in the two surviving manuscripts of his riddles and four of his Ars Tatuini . The Ars is one of only two surviving 8th @-@ century Latin grammars from England , and was based on the works of Priscian and Consentius . The riddles deal with such diverse topics as philosophy and charity , the five senses and the alphabet , and a book and a pen . The riddles are formed in acrostics . The grammar is a reworking of Donatus 's Ars Minor with the addition of information drawn from other grammarians . It was not designed for a newcomer to the Latin language , but is designed for more advanced students . It covers the eight parts of speech through illustrations drawn from classical scholars , although not directly but through other grammatical works . There are also some examples drawn from the Psalms . The work was completed before he became archbishop , and was used not only in England but also on the continent . A recent edition of his works is Tatuini Opera omnia , published in 1968 with some translations into English and German from the original Latin .


