= L.A.M.B. =


L.A.M.B. is a fashion line by American singer Gwen Stefani , the lead vocalist of the rock band No Doubt . The line manufactures apparel and fashion accessories . It was founded in 2003 and made its runway debut in 2004 . The fashion line manufactures accessories like shoes , watches , bags and a fragrance called " L. " The name is an acronym of her debut solo album Love . Angel . Music . Baby .

The line is influenced by a variety of fashions cultures , including Guatemalan , Japanese , Indian and Jamaican styles . Stefani came from a family of seamstresses . This further inspired her to launch her own fashion line . The line achieved popularity among celebrities and is worn by stars such as Teri Hatcher , Nicole Kidman , Paris Hilton and Stefani herself . The fashion line made a runway debut in the spring collection of 2004 and achieved mainstream success at New York Fashion Week in 2005 . It currently makes an annual gross income of $ 90 million . The line , as well as the fashion shows , were well received by critics and appreciated the indulgence of a celebrity into the fashion world . An additional fashion line was launched by Stefani called Harajuku Lovers .

In late 2014 Stefani announced she would be producing an animated series that was based on the characters Love , Angel , Music and Baby . The series , Kuukuu Harajuku follows the Harajuku Girls , known together as HJ5 , as they fight evil and try to pursue their music career .


= = History = =


Stefani first came face to face with designing clothes when she and her mother would sew clothes for themselves when she was young . Stefani comes from a long line of seamstresses , as even her great @-@ grandmother would sew clothes . Stefani made most of the things she wore onstage during concerts . When she became successful and began to tour constantly , she felt she lost her way . Then she met the stylist Andrea Lieberman . Lieberman introduced her to haute couture clothing . Later Lieberman became her creative consultant and Zaldy Goco took over as the head designer . Goco later parted ways with L.A.M.B.

L.A.M.B. started out as a collaboration with LeSportsac in 2003 . The name L.A.M.B. is an acronym which stands for Love . Angel . Music . Baby . , which is also the name of Stefani 's first solo album .


= = Products = =


The fashion line manufactures clothes , shoes , bags and a fragrance called " L " . The brand started out as a line for women but claims the track items are unisex . The clothes were manufactured by Ska Girl LLC , which was founded in 2003 by Ken Erman , president of L.A.M.B. While for its other products , L.A.M.B has been more of a collaborative fashion line . Now the line is teaming up with another manufacturer , which explains why the official website is down .

L.A.M.B joined with Royal Elastics for the shoe line . Stefani is widening her footwear line for adults to include boots and stilettos . L.A.M.B collaborated with Coty Inc. for the fragrance and with LeSportsac for handbags in 2003 . Stefani went on to design a new line of handbags with Shifter and Partners in 2006 . The bags feature LeSportsac 's signature rip @-@ stop nylon along with a variety of antiqued metal hardware , leather trims and colorful linings . Stefani plans to design lingerie as well as make @-@ up products for L.A.M.B. L.A.M.B. partnered with Vestal Group on a line of women 's watches . The line consists of 39 timepieces .

L.A.M.B. products are relatively expensive , with apparel priced $ 55 to $ 1100 , handbags priced $ 80 to $ 825 , and watches priced $ 125 to $ 995 .


= = = Fragrance = = =


Coty Inc. announced a global licensing agreement with Stefani , to develop and market fragrances for L.A.M.B. Catherine Walsh , senior vice president , American Fragrances , Coty Prestige , said in a statement - " From the packaging to the bottle design to the distinctive scent itself , we will be working very closely with Stefani to ensure that her signature fragrance captures her rare spirit , style and warmth , " Stefani said , " Creating a fragrance is one of the most prestigious things a designer can do . "

The fragrance called " L " was launched in September , 2007 at Soho House in New York . Stefani worked with perfumer Harry Fremont to develop the scent . Stefani described the fragrance as " it 's another thing you can wear and another thing I can be part of creatively . I created it for myself -- it 's like me shrunk into a box . " The perfume is a blend of the aromas of hyacinth , white freesia , fresh pear , violet , jasmine , rose , lily , sweet pea , orange blossom , peach , frangipani , heliotrope and musk . The perfume is available in 50 ml and 100 ml bottles .


= = Promotion and fashion shows = =


Stefani frequently refers to her clothing line in her music , as one of the brand 's promotional strategies . Stefani refers to her clothing line in her songs " Wind It Up , " " Harajuku Girls , " and " Crash " ( which even incorporates the brand 's slogan , " I want you all over me like L.A.M.B. " ) . Stefani is often seen wearing her own designs , especially when making public appearances . A thirty @-@ second commercial directed by Sophie Muller was also released to promote the brand 's fragrance .

L.A.M.B. has participated in the Spring / Summer 2006 , 2007 , and 2008 New York Fashion Weeks . Stefani described her first line , which debuted on September 16 , 2005 , as " a little Sound of Music , some Orange County chola girl , some Rasta , and a bit of The Great Gatsby . " The highlights of the show were purple cars bouncing using hydraulics while Stefani 's song " Wind It Up " made its debut as the models walked the runway .

For Spring / Summer 2007 , Stefani opted for a presentation rather than a catwalk show . The models , all donning identical blond wigs , wore designs Stefani said were inspired by Michelle Pfeiffer 's role as Elvira Hancock in the 1983 Scarface . The show included some of Stefani 's trademark tracksuits and extensively referenced prints from Guatemala , India , and Japan . On September 5 , 2007 , L.A.M.B opened New York 's Spring / Summer 2008 Mercedes @-@ Benz Fashion Week . The collection " looked like the sixties as seen by someone who grew up in the eighties " and incorporated influences from Stefani 's ska roots . Fashion week organizer Fern Mallis said that celebrity designers provided synergy and energy to the fashion industry , which made Stefani 's collection a desirable opener .


= = Critical reception = =


The line was mostly well received by critics and Stefani was appreciated for taking fashion seriously even though she is a celebrity . Fern Mallis of IMG praised the line and Stefani as well and said , " the L.A.M.B. line is clearly at the top of these lines and is as unique and individual as Gwen herself . " The shoes were well received by the critics , though considered to be pricey . Desiree Stimpert of About.com said , " ... these shoes aren 't for everyone , but will most definitely appeal to fans of Ms. Stefani 's music and fashion - sense . " Tim Stack of Entertainment Weekly said , " L.A.M.B. ' s embellished tracksuits , Rasta @-@ inspired knits , and gaucho @-@ heel combos deliver the edge " Nicole Phelps of Style.com said , " The collection , which looked like the sixties as seen by someone who grew up in the eighties , was altogether more wearable and on trend . " Fashion journalist Cathy Horyn of The New York Times differed and said , " If ever there was a reason for a pop star to concentrate on her vocal skills , it was Gwen Stefani 's fashion meltdown . "


= = Commercial success = =


The brand is sold in 275 stores worldwide and is worn by celebrities including Teri Hatcher , Nicole Kidman , Kelly Ripa , Paris Hilton , and Stefani herself . L.A.M.B sales have expanded from $ 40 million in 2005 to a predicted $ 90 million in 2007 . According to a Nordstrom spokesperson , the debut of L.A.M.B. ' s watch line , which sold out in two days , was the store 's most successful watch launch ever . The brand 's designs have appeared in W , Marie Claire , Elle , Lucky and InStyle .


