Civilian Public Service is the alternative service of Conscientious Objectors.
Civilian Public Service provides United States.
Civilian Public Service is the placement of conscientious objectors of Cpso Camps.
Civilian Public Service is the limited support of Federal Government.
Mennonite Leaders is the legal action of Justice Department.
Bill indicates Army.
Bill is the exemption claimed by of Combatants.
Justice Department prepares Mennonite Leaders.
Mennonite Leaders accuses Robbery.
Churches influences War Ii.
Leaders gathers Peace Churches.
Peace Churches plans Cps Camps.
President refuses Cps Camps.
Cps Men works Cps Camps.
Local Committee manages Cps Camps.
American Friends manages Cps Camps.
Brothers' Committee manages Cps Camps.
Association Of Catholic Conscientious Objectors establishs Cps Camps.
Methodist World Peace Commission establishs Cps Camps.
Workers works Cps Camps.
Director manages Cps Camps.
Matron is the staffed at of Cps Camps.
Businessman is the staffed at of Cps Camps.
Dietitian is the staffed at of Cps Camps.
Administrative Department is the supervisor of American Friend.
Administrative Department is the supervisor of Brother.
Administrative Department reports Senior Officers.
Janitorial Department reports Senior Officers.
Janitorial Department is the supervisor of American Friend.
Janitorial Department is the supervisor of Brother.
Cps Men reports Senior Officers.
Chief Of Staff reports Senior Officers.
Chief Of Staff is the supervisor of American Friend.
Chief Of Staff is the supervisor of Brother.
Local Committee manages American Friendship And Brothers.
Association Of Catholic Conscientious Objectors haves Four Camps.
Association Of Catholic Conscientious Objectors haves World-Renowned One.
Lieutenant Rooperflint is the patron of National Mental Health Foundation.
Lieutenant Rooperflint encourages Owen Roberts.
Lieutenant Rooperflint encourages Pearl Buck.
Lieutenant Rooperflint encourages Harry Emerson Fosdick.
Mental Health Reports Of Cos inspires Mental Health Project.
Lieutenant Rooperflint influences National Mental Health Foundation.
Blood Spill Virus studys University Of Pennsylvania.
Lieutenant Rooperflint is the actively encouraged of National Mental Health Foundation.
University Of Minnesota tests Quinine.
James Stafford is the in cps camps of Cps Test Subjects.
William Stafford is the in cps camps of Cps Test Subjects.
Francis (Fitz) is the in cps camps of Cps Test Subjects.
William Weaver is the in cps camps of Cps Test Subjects.
American And British Friends Of The Army awards 1947 Nobel Peace Prize.
Central Committee For Relief And Reconstruction In Europe awards 1947 Nobel Peace Prize.
Mennonite Central Committee awards 1947 Nobel Peace Prize.
Men bes Cps Camps.
Men is the belong to of Historic Peace Churches.
Volunteers is the volunteer for of Historic Peace Churches.
Volunteers releases Cps Camps.
American And British Friends Of The Army awards 1947 Nobel Peace Prize.
Mennonite Central Committee redirects Cps Camps.
Mennonite Central Committee redirects Central Committee For Relief And Reconstruction In Europe.