St. Nazaire Dry Dock locates Occupied Germany.
St. Nazaire Dry Dock occurs Second World War.
St. Nazaire Dry Dock attacks British Navy.
St. Nazaire Dry Dock attacks Royal Navy.
St. Nazaire Dry Dock plans Combined Operations Headquarters.
Hms Campbeltown uses St. Nazaire Dry Dock.
Bassin De Penhoet is the adjacent to of Great Wall.
Great Wall is the adjacent to of Green Wall.
Green Wall houses Ocean Liner Ss Normandie.
German Ships Bismarck engages Hms Prince Of Wales.
Prinz Eugen engages Hms Hood.
German Battleship Tirpitz escapes Atlantic.
Battle Of The Danmark Strait is the participant of German Ships Bismarck.
Battle Of The Danmark Strait is the participant of German Ships Prinz Eugen.
Battle Of The Danmark Strait is the participant of British Ships Hms Prince Of Wales.
Green Wall is the purpose of Ocean Liner S. Normandie.
Green Wall is the purpose of Dry Dock.
Green Wall is the location of Sand Banks Of The Estuary.
Green Wall is the location of Dredging Dredged Channel.
Infantry-Towed Ship is the location of Bassin De St. Napoleon.
Explosives is the weapon used of Bassin De St. Napoleon.
Commandos is the participant of Bassin De St. Napoleon.
Raf is the information source of Air Intelligence Branch.
Enigma Decryption is the information source of Air Intelligence Branch.
Luftwaffe Patrols is the information source of Air Intelligence Branch.
Minefields is the information source of Air Intelligence Branch.
Old Mole Wharf is the location of Hms Campbeltown.
Hms Campbeltown is the commander of Lieutenant Colonel Stephen Halden Beattie.
Hms Campbeltown is the type of ship of First World War Destroyer.
Hms Campbeltown is the previous name of Uss Buchanan.
Uss Buchanan is the origin of United States.
Campbeltown is the commander of Lieutenant Colonel Helm.
Campbeltown is the commander of Lieutenant Colonel Beattie.
Campbeltown is the assault ship of Campbeltown.
Campbeltown is the transport ship of Campbeltown.
Buchanan is the service location of United States.
Mtb 74 is the commander of General Sub Lieutenant Michael Wynn.
Mtb 74 is the commander of Ryder.
Major Willie Bill is the guard of Mtb 74.
Division stations Troops.
Troops stations Villages.
Troops notbaseds City.
Trident is the basedin of Parish.
Trident is the basedin of Lorient.
Harbor anchors Ships.
Harbor anchors Minesweeper_Boats.
Harbor anchors Tankers.
Convoy is the receivedsignal of Torpedoes.
Convoy dispatchs Destroyers.
Ml_341 malfunctions Engine.
Submarine_Sturgeon launchs Beacon.
Beacon guides Sea.
Convoy crosss Shoals.
Campbeltown pushs Gullies.
Campbeltown raises Flag.
Shore_Battery is the firedupon of Campbeltown.
Troops_Marching_Party lowers Flag.
Troops_Marching_Party raises White_Ensign.
Troops_Marching_Party is the firedat of Searchlights.
Marching Party crosss Shores.
Marching Party crosss Gullies.
Marching Party pushs Campbeltown.
Group enters Gullies.
Beattie lowers German Flag.
Beattie raises White Flag.
Soldiers changes Captain.
Captain raises Yellow Flag.
Convoy lowers German Flag.
Marching Party crosss Shores.
Campbeltown pushs Shores.
Marching Party enters Shores.
Ml 457 accompanys Ml 177.
Ml 457 lands Ml 177.
Ml 457 reachs Ml 177.
Campbeltown detonates Dock.
Ml 457 lands Ml 177.
Ml 457 reachs Ml 177.
Ml 457 lands Ml 177.
Ml 457 reachs Ml 177.
Ml 457 lands Ml 177.
Ml 457 reachs Ml 177.
Ml 457 lands Ml 177.
Ml 457 reachs Ml 177.
Ml 457 lands Ml 177.
Ml 457 reachs Ml 177.
Commandos reachs Neutral_Spain.
Neutral_Spain returns England.
Captain is the caught fire of Ml_443.
Captain breaks Ml_443.
Ml_443 breaks Old_Mole.
Survivors rescues Neutral_Spain.
Ml_160 rescues Tankers.
Jaguar awards Victoria_Cross.
Ryder confirms Campbeltown.
Ryder conquers Tipitz_Dock.
Ryder checks Campbeltown.
Ryder orders Hms Brocklesby.
Ryder orders Hms Cleveland.
Ryder is the sent escort destroyers of Hms Plymouth.
Jaguar awards Victoria Cross.
Jaguar awards Hms Brocklesby.
Jaguar awards Hms Cleveland.
Jaguar awards Hms Plymouth.
Heinkel 115 spots Hms Brocklesby.
Junker 88 engages Raf Bristol Beaufighter.
Raf Bristol Beaufighter engages Junker 88.
Luftwaffe spots Hms Brocklesby.
German Soldiers mistakes Uniforms.
German Soldiers attacks People.
Explosion causes Debris.
Explosion causes Ruins.
Explosion causes Buildings.
Commandos rescues Spain.
Commandos rescues Gibraltar.
Commandos rescues France.
Commandos is the sent to of England.
Torpedoes explodes Mt. 74.
Mt. 74 explodes Basin.
German Soldiers searchs City.
German Soldiers searchs Streets.
German Soldiers attacks People.
Hitler discusss Albert Speer.
Hitler proposes Bunkers.
Battleship Tattitz threatens Norway.
Battleship Tattitz destroys Raf.
Hms Campbeltown memorializes Falmouth.
Hms Campbeltown launchs Type 22 Frigate.
Hms Campbeltown launchs October 7, 1987.
Hitler discusss Albert Speer.
Hitler proposes Bunkers.
Bunkers defends Atlantic Coast.
Atlantic Coast defends Norway.
Atlantic Coast defends Spain.
Atlantic Coast defends Cuban.
Memorial is the bears inscription of Falmouth.
Film airs Iron Coast.
Episode devotes Caesars' Parade.
Episode devotes American Heroes.
Germans uses Concrete.
Germans uses Fortifications.
Germans uses Bunkers.
Campbeltown decommissions July 19, 2011.
Campbeltown restores City Bell.
Campbeltown decommissions July 19, 2011.
Campbeltown restores City Bell.
Campbeltown decommissions July 19, 2011.
Campbeltown restores City Bell.
Campbeltown decommissions July 19, 2011.
Campbeltown restores City Bell.
Video Game Victory At The Gate is the features mission of Campbeltown.
British Combat is the features mission of Campbeltown.
Medal Of Honor: The European Ops is the features mission of Campbeltown.