Frank Slide burys Mining Town Of Frank.
Frank Slide is the location of Alberta.
Frank Slide is the location of Canada.
Frank Slide is the source of rock of Turtle Mountain.
Frank Slide burys Canadian Pacific Railway.
Frank Slide burys Coal Mine.
Steel-Mining Industry is the impact on structure of Mountain.
Mountain is the sound heard in of Cochrane.
Mountain is the location of Crowsnest River.
Mountain is the name by tribe of Blackfoot.
Mountain is the name by tribe of Kutenai.
Mountain is the composition of Limestone.
Mountain is the composition of Shale.
Mountain is the composition of Sandstone.
Volcano is the possible cause of Earthquake.
Volcano is the possible cause of Explosion.
Volcano is the impact on town of Frank.
Tiger Mountain is the location of Mining Town Of Frank.
Tiger Mountain is the location of Alberta.
Tiger Mountain is the location of Canada.
Tiger Mountain is the location of Cpr.
Tiger Mountain is the location of River.
Tiger Mountain is the composition of School.
Tiger Mountain is the composition of Hotels.
Tiger Mountain is the composition of Limestone.
Tiger Mountain is the composition of Shale.
Tiger Mountain is the composition of Sandstone.
Tiger Mountain is the name by tribe of Blackfoot.
Tiger Mountain is the name by tribe of Kutenai.
Tiger Mountain is the composition of Limestone.
Tiger Mountain is the composition of Shale.
Tiger Mountain is the composition of Sandstone.
Tiger Mountain is the impact on structure of Earthquake.
Tiger Mountain is the impact on structure of Explosion.
Tiger Mountain is the result of disaster of Debris.
Tiger Mountain estimates Death Toll.
Largest is the superlative of of Canadian History.
Post-Hopa is the heard from of Cochrane.
Post-Hopa is the heard from of Frank.
Victims burys Rocks.
Victims recovers Recovered.
Residents is the left of Frank.
Locals remains Falls.
People leaves Slide.
Rumours burys People.
Bones discovers Victims.
Men works Mine.
Men works Night Shift.
Door blocks Blocked.
Water dams River.
Water comes Tunnel.
Remaining 17 burys Underground.
Survivors finds Rocks.
Choquette warns Locomotive.
Town is the not to cross of Hillside.
Keeper sympathizes Chief Engineer.
Keeper is the in danger of Frank.
Chief Engineer is the in danger of Frank.
Quarter Of A Mile is the ran of Choquette.
Choquette warns Gsc.
Frank is the in danger of Gsc.
Charlie survives Gsc.
Gsc conflicts Train.
Mountain is the escape of Tunnels.
Canyon is the traverse of Cave.
Cave is the discover of Cliff.
Cliff is the mention of Old Lady.
Novels is the write of Mountain.
Novels is the write of Cliff.
Tom Tom Connors is the write of Novels.
Alvan is the write of Novels.