Elgin Cathedral replaces Spynie Cathedral.
Elgin Cathedral grants King Alexander I.
Elgin Cathedral is the near of River Lolly.
Elgin Cathedral is the services transferred to of Bishopric Of Moray.
Elgin Cathedral is the services transferred to of St. Giles Parish Church.
Moray is the translator of Bishop Of Rome.
Moray is the translator of Abbot Of The Baptism Of The Chariot.
Moray is the translator of Henry.
Moray is the translator of Dean Of Ross.
Bishop Of Rome is the delegate of Gilbert De Moravia.
Abbot Of The Baptism Of The Chariot is the delegate of Robert.
Henry is the delegate of Dean Of Ross.
Archbishop Of Rome is the reporter of Gilbert De Moravia.
Archbishop Of Rome is the reporter of Robert.
Archbishop Of Rome is the reporter of Henry.
Gilbert De Moravia is the transfer of Cathedra.
Robert is the transfer of Cathedra.
Henry is the transfer of Cathedra.
Cathedra is the transfer of Elgin.
John De Fordun is the fire report of Cathedra.
Bur is the complaint of Abbot Of Arbroath.
Bur is the complaint of Rector Of Aberchirder.
Rector Of Aberchirder is the informed debt of Bur.
Bishop Andreas De Moravia is the expansion of Canons.
Bishop Andreas De Moravia is the creation of Confessor.
Bishop Andreas De Moravia is the creation of Subdean.
Andrés De Moravia is the superior of Prefect.
Andrés De Moravia is the hierarchical post of Priest.
Andrés De Moravia is the hierarchical post of Subdean.
Andrés De Moravia expands Bishop Of Moray.
Bishop Of Moray is the member of of Canons.
Bishop Of Moray is the provided income from of Vicars Of Elgin.
John Of Pilmuir is the provided income from of Vicars Of Elgin.
John Of Pilmuir provides Thomas Randolph.
Thomas Randolph provides Vicars Of Elgin.
King Duncan loses Macbeth.
Canons resides Wall.
Vicars resides Wall.
Chaplains resides Wall.
Wall surrounds Cathedral.
Wall surrounds Mansions.
Wall surrounds Rhynie.
Castle occupys Duffus.
Edward I visits Duffus.
James Ii visits Duffus.
Wall surrounds Spynie.
Wall surrounds Maison Dieu.
Wall surrounds Pannis.
Village surrounds Wall.
Dominican Friary establishs Village.
Franciscan Friary establishs Village.
Elgin Cathedral establishs Grey Friars.
James Vi grants Village.
John Taylor is the described of Elgin Cathedral.
Regent Lord James Stewart authorizes Elgin Cathedral.
Elgin transfers James Vi.
Elgin is the described of John Taylor.
Elgin is the destroyed of Oliver Cromwell.
Elgin writes Samuel Johnson.
Choir is the part of of Wall.
Wall is the displays of Workmanship.
Workmanship is the of of Phase.
Person dies Person.
Person memorializes Person.
Tower is the from of Windows.
Sandstones replaces Sanctuary.
Sanctuary is the rebuilt of Vaulted Ceiling.
Porter memorializes Martyr.
Martyr is the of of Elgin Cathedral.
Fortnight writes Porter.
Design is the of of Nave.
Nave includes Study.
Fire is the after of Reconstruction Program.
Reconstruction Program includes Repairs.
Reconstruction Program includes Enlargement.
Nave is the displays of Coats Of Arms.
Coats Of Arms includes Bishopric Of Moray.
Coats Of Arms includes Royal Arms Of Scotland.
Coats Of Arms includes Shield.
Nave supports Pillar.
Nave haves Facade.
Bishop Columba Dunbar is the affiliation of Bishopric Of Moray.
Bishop Columba Dunbar is the affiliation of Royal Armorial Of Scotland.