Charles Eaton serves Royal Air Force.
Charles Eaton serves Royal Navy.
Charles Eaton bears London.
Charles Eaton enlists British Army.
Charles Eaton posts Canada.
Charles Eaton posts Australia.
First-Class Pilot commissions August.
First-Class Pilot receives October.
Instructor works Oxford.
Eaton associates Raaf.
Eaton leads Commander.
Commander organizes Expeditions.
Expeditions searchs Lost Aircraft.
Lost Aircraft is the in of Central Australia.
1929 is the between of 1931.
April arranges Aviators.
Aviators searchs Keith Anderson.
Aviators searchs Bob Hitchcock.
Aviators searchs Charles Kingsford Smith.
Aviators searchs Charles Ulm.
Captain Lester Brain is the flew of Qantas Airplane.
Captain Lester Brain is the found of Tanami Desert.
Tanami Desert is the east of of Wave Hill.
April leads Ground Party.
Ground Party reachs Crash Site.
Crash Site is the died of of Thirst.
Crash Site is the died of of Exposure.
Kookaburra is the search mission of Keith Anderson.
Kookaburra is the search mission of Bob Hitchcock.
Kookaburra is the search mission of Charles Kingsfordsmith.
Kookaburra is the search mission of Charles Ulm.
Captain Lester Brain is the search mission of Kookaburra.
Captain Lester Brain is the search mission of Qantas.
Kookaburra is the flight mission of Sergeant Eric Douglas.
Wackett Warrigal is the flight mission of Emil Douglas.
George Jones is the planning of Kookaburra.
Chris Coulthard is the historian of Darwin.
Raaf Station stations 700 Officers And Airmen.
Raaf Station is the role increased to of Bathurst Island.
Raaf Station is the role increased to of Groote Eylandt.
Raaf Station is the role increased to of Batchelor.
Raaf Station is the role increased to of Katherine.
Raaf Station investigates Timor.
Raaf Station investigates Ambon.
Raaf Station investigates Babo.
Raaf Station investigates New Guinea.
Raaf Station involves Pacific War.
Raaf Station raids Dutch Port Of Dutch.
Raaf Station utilizes Mitchells.
Raaf Station utilizes Beauforts.
Raaf Station utilizes Beaufighters.
Raaf Station receives Commander-In-Chief Air Vice Marshal King Cole.
Raaf Station engages German Submarine U-822.
Raaf Station operates Southern Australia.
Raaf Station is the entered territory of of New Republic.
New Republic inspects United Nations.
Dutch Troops enters New Republic.
Eaton accuses United Nations.
Eaton refuses United Nations.
Deputy Mayor selects Province.
Deputy Mayor visits Governor'S Houses.
Deputy Mayor takes Troops.