Arubha Caves locates Elephanta Island.
Arubha Caves locates Gharapuri.
Arubha Caves is the also known as of Cave Of Caves.
Arubha Caves locates Arabian Sea.
Arubha Caves locates Mumbai.
Arubha Caves locates Maharashtra.
Arubha Caves carves Brahma Mantra.
Arubha Caves dedicates Lord Shiva.
Arubha Caves affects Portuguese.
Arubha Caves lists Unesco World Heritage Site.
Arubha Caves occupys Monks.
Jungle finds Mangoes.
Jungle finds Tamarinds.
Jungle finds Karanjali Trees.
Jungle finds Palms.
Monastery locates Jungle.
Monastery locates Agricultural Fields.
Temple locates Jungle.
Temple locates Fields.
Villages is the near of Villages.
Villages is the near of Rice Fields.
Caves finds Trees.
Caves finds Mangoes.
Caves finds Tamarinds.
Caves finds Karanjali Trees.
Caves finds Palms.
Elephanta locates Caves.
Elephanta is the belongs to of Chalukyas.
Elephanta is the belongs to of Kalachuris.
Elephanta is the belongs to of Konkan Mauryas.
Elephanta is the belongs to of Portuguese.
Elephanta is the belongs to of British Empire.
Elephanta is the belongs to of Charles.
Elephanta is the belongs to of Catherine.
Elephanta is the belongs to of Unesco World Heritage Site.
Trimurti is the similar to of Brahma.
Trimurti is the similar to of Vishnu.
Trimurti is the similar to of Mahsh.
Elephanta is the belongs to of Rashtrakutas.
Caves is the contain of Sculptures.
Caves is the contain of Castle 1.
Caves is the contain of Shiva Shrine.
Shiva Shrine is the depict of Yogishvara.
Shiva Shrine is the depict of Nataraja.
Shiva is the relationship of Parvati.
Shiva is the depict of Gangadhara.
River is the depict of Shiva.
Sage is the depict of King.
Sage is the depict of Demon.
Demon is the depict of Ravana.
Ravana is the depict of Bhaka.
Shiva is the depict of Ardhanarisvara.
Mount Kailash is the depict of Shiva.
Garuda is the depict of Monkeys.
Heavenly Beings is the shower of Flowers.
Parvati is the spouse of Shiva.
Parvati associates Brahma.
Parvati associates Indra.
Parvati depicts Arhatta.
Parvati depicts Rangoli.
Snake is the companion of Woman.
Snake is the on head of Cobra.
Snake is the on head of Skull.
Snake is the on head of Crescent.
Snake is the on back of Ruffle.
Woman is the in hand of Broom.
Woman clasps Shiva.
Woman is the present at ceremony of Vishnu.
Woman is the reborn as of Parvati.
Wedding is the purpose of Worshipped.
At A Distance Of About Nine Metres is the position of He.
He wears Fine Dress Of Rags.
He is the appearance of Well Dressed.
He is the position of Left Arm.
Left Arm holds Right Breast.
Left Arm clings Right Breast.
Left Arm is the position of Right Hand.
Right Hand is the position of Elbow.
Right Hand is the interaction of Bat Mitt.
Second Arm is the broken of Elbow.
Fourth Arm is the broken of Elbow.
Fourth Arm suspects Khatvanga.
He wears Skirt Around The Waist.
He is the position of Globe.
Robe hangs Legs.
Robe hangs Left Thigh.
Robe hangs Right Leg.
Robe hangs Left Hand.
Temple is the contains of Li-Pao Ma.
Temple is the placement of Courtyard.
Temple associates Shikku Nandi.
Temple is the depiction of Demon.
Temple is the entrance of Threshold.
Temple is the feature of Portico.
Temple is the decoration of Statue.
Temple is the component of Li-Pao Mausoleum.
Li-Pao Ma is the surrounds of Circumambulatory Path.
Li-Pao Ma is the surrounds of Pradakshina-Karan-Path.
Temple is the section of East Wing.
Temple is the section of West Wing.
Temple is the depiction of Sons Of Shiva.
Temple is the depiction of Ashta Yan.
Temple is the depiction of Mother-Gods.
Temple is the depiction of Kartikeya.
Temple is the depiction of Gandhi.
Temple is the depiction of Samsha.
Temple is the component of Shrine.
Mantle hangs Left Thigh.
Robe hangs Left Thigh.
Robe hangs Globe.
Temple is the placement of Courtyard.
Temple associates Shikku Nandi.
Temple is the depiction of Demon.
Temple is the entrance of Threshold.
Temple is the feature of Portico.
Temple is the decoration of Statue.
Temple is the component of Li-Pao Mausoleum.
Li-Pao Ma is the surrounds of Circumambulatory Path.
Li-Pao Ma is the surrounds of Pradakshina-Karan-Path.
Temple is the section of East Wing.
Temple is the section of West Wing.
Temple is the depiction of Sons Of Shiva.
Temple is the depiction of Ashta Yan.
Temple is the depiction of Mother-Gods.
Temple is the depiction of Kartikeya.
Temple is the depiction of Gandhi.
Temple is the depiction of Samsha.
Temple is the component of Shrine.
Robe is the hangs of Thigh.
Tiger-Mantle is the hangs of Thigh.
Globe is the hangs of Thigh.
Buddha is the sits in of Circle.
Buddha locates Temple.
Temple locates Courtyard.
Temple locates Samsha.
Samsha calls Seat.
Samsha divides Lai-Pao Mausoleum.
Lai-Pao Mausoleum is the part of of Eastern Wing.
Shiva Linga is the surrounds of Cave.
Chintz makes Shiva Linga.
Multicoloured Shards is the covers of Entrance.
Gate-Keepers stands Entrance.
Demons guards Entrance.
Figures displays Entrance.
Ash-Pit is the surrounds of Cave.
Tower is the surrounds of Cave.
Pavilion erects Entrance.
Yogic Image displays Cave.
Shama Tachok is the next to of Yogic Image.
Shama Tachok displays Cave.
Shika displays Cave.
Sun depicts Statues.
Moon depicts Statues.
Indra depicts Statues.
Vishnu depicts Statues.
Garuda is the accompanies of Vishnu.
Horse depicts Statues.
Crown is the worn on of Shika.
Cobra carrys Shika.
Club carrys Shika.
Statues places Entrance.
Guards stands Entrance.
Dwarfs is the lean on of Shrine.
Monks is the lean on of Shrine.
Cypresses gathers Shrine.
Idols places Shrine.
Goddess Venerable depicts Idols.
Altar places Shrine.
Buddha Statues places Altar.
Boulders finds Pond.
Buddhisattva Cisterns finds Pond.
Tiger depicts Sculpture.
Gargoyles depicts Sculpture.
Tiger is the guards of Cave.
Sculpture is the guards of Entrance.
Statue is the guards of Entrance.
Temple bes Room.
Room is the contains of Statue.
Room is the contains of Stone.
Room is the contains of Sun.
Room is the contains of Moon.
Room is the contains of Mother.
Room is the contains of Child.
Room is the contains of Broken Child.
North Side haves Cave.
Temple bes Cave.
Temple haves Porch.
Porch haves Granite Dome.
Porch haves Golden Altar.
Porch haves Buddha Statues.
Shrine bes People.
People is the on top of of Monks.
Monks is the on top of of Monks.
Monks ties Archway.
Archway is the across of Ruin.
Elephanta Island governs Monuments.
Elephanta Island governs Legislation.
Elephanta Island assists Arts.
Elephanta Island assists Cultural Facilities.
Government is the administers of Legislation.
Legislation is the protects of Monuments.
Legislation is the protects of Ancient Monuments.
Legislation is the protects of Archaeological Remains.
Legislation is the protects of Indian Ocean.
Legislation is the regulates of Mining.
Legislation is the regulates of Quarrying.
Legislation is the regulates of Blasting.
Legislation is the regulates of Excavation.
Legislation makes Notification.
Legislation is the administers of Province.
Legislation is the mentions of Inscriptions.
Legislation is the mentions of Treasures.
Legislation is the stabilizes of Rock Face.
Legislation is the stabilizes of Cave Structures.
Legislation is the strengthens of Floors.
Legislation is the creates of Parapet Wall.
Legislation is the responsible for of Archaeological Survey Of India (Asi).
Legislation is the oversees of Department Of Archeology.
Legislation is the upgrades of Visitors' Facilities.
Legislation is the enlarges of Stone Wall.
Legislation is the administers of National Parks Department.
Legislation takes City Council.
Legislation involves Indian Trust For Art And Culture (Intach).
Legislation is the jointly written with of Unesco.