Canadian Musician is the member of Hepburn.
Canadian Musician is the founder of Tremble.
Canadian Musician is the songwriter of Tremble.
Canadian Musician is the singer of Tremble.
Canadian Musician is the guitarist of Tremble.
Tremble is the lead singer of Stevie Vá.
Tremble is the producer of Stevie Vá.
Tremble releases City.
Tremble releases Hevydevy.
Canadian Musician is the last performance of Hepburn.
Canadian Musician is the founder of Devin-Townese.
Canadian Musician is the member of Devin-Townese.
Canadian Musician is the member of Caustic Thought.
Caustic Thought replaces Jed Simon.
Caustic Thought is the member of Byron Stroud.
Byron Stroud is the member of Mayors.
Canadian Musician starts Noisescapes.
Noisescapes responds Reliability Records.
Noisescapes introduces Steve Vai.
Canadian Musician is the member of Grey Sky.
Canadian Musician is the member of Duke Townsend.
Duke Townsend is the member of Squires.
Duke Townsend is the guitarist of Squires.
Duke Townsend is the bassist of Squires.
Reliability introduces Steve Vai.
Townsend introduces Steve Vai.
Townsend replaces Jed Simon.
Townsend plays Byron Stroud.
Byron Stroud forms Squires.
Townsend composes Noisescapes.
Townsend offers Century Media Records.
Townsend plays Front-Line Assembly.
Townsend is the head of excluded music of Rough-Dogs.
Townsend releases Ocean Machine.
Townsend releases City Record.
Townsend diagnoses Bipolar Disorder.
Devin Townsend creates Ocean Machine.
Devin Townsend quotes Irresistible.
Devin Townsend marks City Record.
Devin Townsend marks Lone Mansion.
Devin Townsend produces Terria.
Devin Townsend is the with drums of Gene Hoglan.
Devin Townsend is the with bass of Craig Mcfarland.
Devin Townsend is the with keyboards of Jamie Meyer.
Devin Townsend is the band member of Brian Waddell.
Devin Townsend is the band member of Mike Young.
Devin Townsend is the band member of Ryan Van Poederooyen.
Devin Townsend is the band member of Dave Young.
Dmitry Townsend is the band member of Brian 'Beav' Waddell.
Dmitry Townsend is the band member of Mike Young.
Dmitry Townsend is the band member of Ryan Van Poederooyen.
Dmitry Townsend is the band member of Dave Young.
Devin Townsend performs Reclining Bride.
Reclining Bride releases Dvd And Blu-Ray.
Devin Townsend works Z2.
Z2 is the sequel to of Z The Omniscient.
Devin Townsend works Transcendence.
Dmitry Lavigne is the plays of Open B Tuning.
Dmitry Lavigne is the plays of Open C Tuning.
Dmitry Lavigne is the utilizes of Fingerpicking.
Dmitry Lavigne is the utilizes of Power Chords.
Dmitry Lavigne is the utilizes of Polychords.
Dmitry Lavigne is the utilizes of Tapping Arpeggios.
Dmitry Lavigne is the utilizes of Tabbing.
Dmitry Lavigne is the possesses of Vocal Range.
Dmitry Lavigne influences Frank Zappa.
Dmitry Lavigne influences Broadway Music.
Dmitry Lavigne influences Abba.
Dmitry Lavigne influences Zoviet France.
Dmitry Lavigne influences King'S X.
Dmitry Lavigne influences Morbid Angel.
Dmitry Lavigne influences Barkmarket.
Dmitry Lavigne influences Grotus.
Dmitry Lavigne influences Jane'S Addiction.
Dmitry Lavigne influences Metallica.
Dmitry Lavigne influences Cop Shoot Cop.
Dmitry Lavigne influences Fear Factory.
Dmitry Lavigne is the admires of Eveyrix.
Dmitry Lavigne influences Classical Composers.
Dmitry Lavigne influences Orchestral Composers.
Dmitry Lavigne influences John Williams.
Dmitry Lavigne influences Trevor Jones.
Dmitry Lavigne influences Igor Stravinsky.