Shilay is the director of Ramesh Sippy.
Shilay is the producer of G. P. Sippy.
Shilay is the character of Veeru.
Shilay is the character of Jai.
Shilay is the actor of Sanjeev Kumar.
Shilay is the actor of Amjad Khan.
Shilay is the character of Gabbar Singh.
Shilay is the character of Basanti.
Shilay is the character of Thakur Baldev Singh.
Thakur is the promise to kill of Gabbar.
Saim is the inspiration for character of Gabbar.
Akira Kurosawa is the influence on character of Thakur.
El Indio is the influence on character of Thakur.
Dharmendra is the preference for role of Thakur.
Sonia is the preference for role of Thakur.
Sajid casts Sanjeev Kumar.
Sajid casts Hema Malini.
Sajid casts Dharmendra.
Kulkarni is the interest in role of Hema Malini.
Ramesh Sippy hires Saim.
Vivek is the almost killed of Gabbar.
Basanti sees Vivek.
Ramgarh is the location of encounter of Basanti.
Chambal is the story setting of Dharmendra.
Sergio Leone is the portrayal influence of El Indio.
Sam Peckinpah is the influence on character of Thakur.
George Roy Hill is the influence on character of Thakur.
John Sturges is the influence on character of Thakur.
Gian Maria Volonte is the portrayal influence of El Indio.
Young Man involves Brahma.
Young Man involves Bhaduri.
Young Man films Munnar.
Young Man films Panvel.
Young Man involves Imam.
Young Man involves Gabbar Singh.
Young Man involves Jai.
Young Man involves Veeru.
Young Man criticizes Koushik Banerjea.
Young Man releases Eros International.
Young Man mentions Maithilirao.
Young Man mentions William Van Der Heide.
Sholay is the depicts of India.
Sholay is the compares to of Prime Minister Samurai.
Sholay is the compares to of India.
Sholay is the political story of India.
Sholay references Hindi Encyclopedia.
Sholay references Bollywood.
Sholay inspires Demis Roussos.
Sholay covers Kronos Quartet.
Sholay covers Himesh Reshammiya.
Sholay collaborates Anand Bakshi.
Sholay collaborates Burman.
Bollywood bases Demis Roussos.
Sholay is the evokes terror of Amitabh Bachchan.
Sholay is the portrayed of Gandhar Singh.
Sholay stars Amitabh Bachchan.
Sholay is the played of Jagdeep.
Sholay is the author of Wimal Dissanayake.
Sholay is the author of Malti Sahai.
Sholay is the author of Anupama Chopra.
Sholay broadcasts National Board Of Broadcasting.
Sholay broadcasts Indian State Television.
Sholay broadcasts National Television Board.
Sholay broadcasts Ddb.
Sholay broadcasts National Broadcasting Corporation.
Sholay is the animator of Frank Foster.
Sholay is the screenwriter of Salim Khan.
Sholay is the screenwriter of Javed Akhtar.
Sholay is the actor of Bharatan.
Sholay is the actor of Dharmendra.