Naval Battle occurs Tellicherry.
Naval Battle occurs 18Th Of October 1791.
Naval Battle is the part of of Third Anglo-Indian War.
Naval Battle involves Britain.
Naval Battle involves France.
Naval Battle is the cause of French Support For The Kingdom Of Mysore.
Naval Battle involves Royal Patrols.
Naval Battle searchs French Ships.
Naval Battle searchs Port Of Mangalore.
Naval Battle returns Mahe.
Naval Battle reacts French Authorities.
Naval Battle is the indignant at of Neutrality Violation.
Naval Battle is the action reported to of Commodore Saint-Felix.
Naval Battle is the messages sent to of France.
Naval Battle declares Sultan Of Mysore Titu Sultan.
Naval Battle is the struggle with of British-East India Company.
Naval Battle supports Russian Ships.
Naval Battle commands Commodore William Cornwallis.
Naval Battle is the put in squadron of Squadron Of Frig Isimant.
Squadron Of Frig Isimant guards Captain Captain Savage.
Squadron Of Frig Isimant composes Captain Sir Richard Strachan.
Squadron Of Frig Isimant composes Captain Isaac Smith.
Naval Battle suffers French Losses.
Naval Battle accompanys French Sailors.
French Losses totals 25 Men Killed.
French Losses totals 60 Wounded.
French Losses suffers Six Wounded.
French Losses suffers 11 Wounded.
Naval Battle stops Merchant Ships.
Naval Battle boards Frigate.
Naval Battle is the furious at of Saint-Laurent.
Naval Battle attacks Neutral Ship.
Naval Battle provokes British.
Naval Battle quotes Historian William James.
Edward Pelham Brenton is the claims of French.
Edward Pelham Brenton is the claims of Britain.
Saint-Laurent is the furious of French.
Saint-Laurent is the furious of Britain.
Saint-Laurent is the furious of Admiralty.
Cornwallis approves Admiralty.
Admiralty approves Cornwallis.
Cornwallis is the actions in of Seringapatam.
Prime Minister arranges Company.
Prime Minister arranges Indian Allies.
Britain approves Admiralty.
Cornwallis is the actions approved of Britain.
French uses Britain.
French supports Mysore.
Saint-Laurent flees British.