Loose features Nelly Furtado.
Loose is the record label of Geffen Records.
Loose is the record label of Mosley Music.
Folklore features Nelly Furtado.
Folklore is the record label of Universal Music Group.
Folklore is the record label of Dreamworks Records.
Dreamworks Records is the acquisition of Universal Music Group.
Dreamworks Records is the record label of Interscope Geffen A&M.
Loose features Chris Martin.
Loose features Timbaland.
Loose features Lil Wayne.
Chris Martin is the co writer of Maneater.
Furtado uses Maneater.
Timbaland is the remixed of Maneater.
Album is the not bound to of Style.
Album works Musician.
Album takes Collaborative_Approach.
Song inspires Genre.
Song narrates Musician.
Song is the features of Track.
All Good Things releases Europe.
All Good Things reachs Germany.
All Good Things reachs Uk.
All Good Things reachs Canada.
All Good Things reachs Us.
All Good Things reachs Arias Chart.
All Good Things reachs Us.
All Good Things reachs Canada.
All Good Things is the airplay in canada of Nielsen.
Loose debuts Canadian Idol.
Loose performs Nelly Furtado.
Loose debuts Us Billboard 200.
Nelly Furtado features Maclean'S Magazine.
Gloria Steinem expresss Nelly Furtado.
Timbaland reinterprets Suni.
Hansuke Skarmunen is the representative of of Nelly Furtado.
Hannu Sormunen is the representative of of Nelly Furtado.
York City Football Club is the manager of Nigel Worthington.
York City Football Club plays Fleetwood Town.
York City Football Club is the squad member of Chris Kettings.
York City Football Club is the squad member of Benjamin Davies.
York City Football Club is the squad member of Craig Clay.
York City Football Club is the squad member of Lewis Montrose.
York City Football Club is the squad member of Sander Puri.
York City Football Club is the squad member of Ryan Bowman.
York City Football Club is the squad member of Richard Cresswell.
York City Football Club is the squad member of Wes Fletcher.
York City Football Club is the squad member of Ryan Jarvis.
York City Football Club transfers Marya Blair.
York City Football Club releases Lee Bullock.
York City Football Club releases Jon Challinor.
York City Football Club releases Chris Doig.
York City Football Club releases David Mclaughlin.
York City Football Club releases Patrick Mclaughlin.
York City Football Club releases Michael Potts.
York City Football Club releases Jamie Reed.
York City Football Club releases Jason Walker.
York City Football Club transfers Elliott Whitehouse.
Eliott Whitehouse signs School.
Mcgurk scores Wanderers.
Wanderers scores Mcgurk.
Rotherham United beats York.
Newport County beats York.
York is the draw of Chesterfield.
Chesterfield scores Armand Gnanduillet.
Chesterfield scores Jay O’ Shea.
York is the draw of Morecambe.
Burnley recalls Wolverhampton Wanderers.
Burnley recalls O’ Neill.
Wolverhampton Wanderers recalls Mccarey.
Wolverhampton Wanderers is the transfer of Scarborough Athletic.
Alexandre Jarvis scores Morecambe.
Alexandre Jarvis scores York.
Alexandre Jarvis recalls Wolverhampton Wanderers.
O'Neill recalls Burnley.
Davies is the extended loan of York.
Brobbel returns Parent Club.
Whitehouse returns Parent Club.
Mr. Smith is the left of Club.
Mr. Smith is the left of First Team.
Hayhurst gives Loan.
Cheltenham loses Plymouth.
Cheltenham is the won of Plymouth.
Cheltenham is the goal of Fletcher.
Cheltenham is the goal of Mccombe.
Cheltenham is the goal of Carson.
Mr. Smith is the left of Club.
Mr. Smith is the left of First Team.
Portsmouth loses York.
York qualifys Play-Offs.
Fletcher scores Portsmouth.
Fletcher occurs Missed Penalty.
Hayhurst gives Loan.
Mr. Smith is the left of Club.
Mr. Smith is the left of First Team.
Burton is the clinched of League.
Oyebanjo receives Clubman Of The Year.
Oyebanjo receives Clubman Of The Year.
Oyebanjo receives Clubman Of The Year.
Oyebanjo receives Clubman Of The Year.
Davies makes York.
Davies participates Matches.
Oyebanjo receives Clubman Of The Year.
Jason Mooney is the played of Tranmere.
Oyebanjo receives Clubman Of The Year 2013-14.
Davies appears Davies.
April 15Th celebrates New York.
Fletcher scores Fletcher.
Fletcher scores Fletcher.
Jason Mooney plays Tranmere.
Jason Mooney scores Tranmere.
Jason Mooney plays Tranmere.
Tranmere loans York.