Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler is the director of National Museum Of Wales.
Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler is the director of London Museum.
Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler is the director of Survey Of India.
Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler is the director of Institute Of Archaeology.
Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler is the student of University Of London.
Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler is the officer of Royal Artillery.
Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler is the birthplace of Glasgow.
Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler is the education location of Yorkshire.
Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler is the residence of London.
Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler is the excavation site of Segontium.
Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler is the excavation site of Y Gaer.
Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler is the excavation site of Isca Augusta.
Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler is the survey site of Harappa.
Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler is the survey site of Arikamed.
Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler is the family residence of Bristol.
Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler is the family residence of Edinburgh.
Amy is the child of Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler.
Augustus Pitt Rivers is the influence of Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler.
Robert is the efforts of Asian Archaeology.
Robert is the admission of Bradford Grammar School.
Robert is the responsibility of London Office.
Robert settles Carlton.
Robert joins University Of London.
Robert joins Society Of Antiquaries.
Robert is the excavation of Viroconium Cornoviorum.
Robert is the excavation of Wroxeter.
Robert is the inspection of Essex.
Robert is the appointment of Royal Commission On Historical Monuments.
Robert is the service of First World War.
Michael is the son of Robert.
Wheeler is the member of of University Of London.
Wheeler is the member of of Society Of Antiquity.
Wheeler appoints Royal Commission On Historical Monuments.
Wheeler posts 76Th Army Brigade.
Wheeler is the under direct supervision of of 3Rd Army.
Wheeler works Museum.
Wheeler publishs Transactions Of The Société De La Sémie.
Wheeler publishs Journal Of Roman Studies.
Wheeler writes Roman Balkerne Gate.
Wheeler comments Temple Of Claudius.
Wheeler conducts Roman Fort Of Y Gaer.
Wheeler mentions Lydiac C. Carr.
Wheeler is the student of Victor Nash Williams.
Wheeler is the student of Ian Richmond.
Wheeler is the student of Nowell Myres.
Wheeler is the student of Christopher Hawkes.
Wheeler is the visitor of Sir Flinders Petrie.
Wheeler is the visitor of Hilda Petrie.
Wheeler is the director of William Evans.
Wheeler is the curator of Harmon Oates.
Tessa is the biographer of L. C. Carr.
Wheeler is the student of Stuart Piggott.
Wheeler is the romantic relationship of Mavis De Vere Cole.
Wheeler is the marriage of Tsa.
Wheeler is the death of Father.
Wheeler is the reception venue of Boudoir.
Wheeler is the wedding venue of Caxton.
Wheeler is the travel destination of Europe.
Wheeler is the travel destination of Marseilles.
Marseilles is the travel destination of Port.
Marseilles is the travel destination of Sakkara.
Sakkara is the travel destination of Sinai.
Sinai is the travel destination of Lebanon.
Lebanon is the travel destination of Syria.
Syria is the travel destination of San Marino.
San Marino is the travel destination of Samskara.
Samskara is the travel destination of Salstine.
Wheeler is the speech venue of Belfast.
Wheeler is the proposal venue of London.
London is the assembly venue of Enfield.
Wheeler is the archaeological focus of France.
Wheeler is the archaeological site of Tahegido.
Wheeler is the honorary doctorate of Bristol University.
Wheeler is the interaction of Conservative Party.
Wheeler is the position appointment of Society Of Antiquaries.
Wheeler is the combat engagement of German.
Wheeler is the combat engagement of Italian.
Wheeler is the combat engagement of Enemy.
Glasgow is the departure port of Rms Empress Of Russia.
Rms Empress Of Russia is the travel route of Cape Of Hope.
Cape Of Hope is the destination of Durban.
Wheeler is the visit of Verano.
Wheeler reachs Suez.
Wheeler remains Bitter Lake.
Royal Artillery leads Wheeler.
Wheeler promotes Colonel.
Wheeler appoints Secretary.
Wheeler appoints Society Of Antiquaries.
Wheeler visits London.
Wheeler participates North African Campaign.
Wheeler sails Empress Of Russia.
Wheeler sails Cape Of Hope.
Wheeler sails Durban.
Wheeler recommends Brigadier.
Wheeler is the sent to of Algiers.
Wheeler is the deputy director of of Naval Escorts.
Wheeler insists Sicily.
Wheeler is the advised invasion of of Italy.
Wheeler approachs Archaeological Survey Of India.
Wheeler recommends Leonard Woolley.
Wheeler appoints Archibald Wavell.
Wheeler is the headquarters occupied by of Survey Of India.
Leonard Woolley reports Survey Of India.
Archibald Wavell is the occupied headquarters of Survey Of India.
Wheeler is the contract assigned of Survey Of India.
Wheeler receives Nobel Medal.
Wheeler receives Knighthood.
Wheeler visits Pakistan.
Wheeler establishs Archaeological Department.
S. Crawford resigns Wheeler.
Wheeler collaborates Alcock.
Wheeler collaborates Webster.
Webster elects Charles Webster.
Wheeler is the appearance of Bbc.
Wheeler is the appearance of John Irving.
Wheeler is the appearance of Animal, Vegetable, Mineral.
Wheeler is the appearance of Roman Britain.
Wheeler is the appearance of Asian Club.
Wheeler is the visit of Great Zimbabwe.
Wheeler is the visit of Pakistan.
Wheeler is the visit of Rhodesia.
Wheeler is the visit of Middle East.
Wheeler is the visit of India.
Wheeler is the publication of Flames Over Persopolis.
Wheeler is the reference of Alexander The Great.
Wheeler is the association of Somerset.
Wheeler is the association of Ralegh Radford.
Wheeler is the association of Alcock.
Wheeler is the presidency of Camelot Research Committee.
Wheeler is the colleague of Max Mallowan.
Wheeler is the colleague of Aglaya Christie.
Wheeler is the assistant of Molly Myres.
Wheeler publishs Thames And Hudson.
Wheeler is the attended funeral of St James'S Church.
Wheeler is the attended funeral of Piccadilly.
Wheeler is the expedition destination of India.
Wheeler is the expedition destination of Pakistan.
Wheeler visits Jerusalem.
Wheeler studys Siraf.
Wheeler resides Leatherhead.
Wheeler resides Surrey.
Wheeler studys Persian School.
Wheeler visits British School.
Wheeler is the attended funeral of Local Crematorium.
Mortimer Wheeler is the married of Marya Elizabeth.
Gabriel Moshenska informs Reporter.
Piggott comments Mortimer Wheeler.
Jacquetta Hawkes criticizes Mortimer Wheeler.
Dilip K. acknowledges Mortimer Wheeler.
Paul Johansen praises Mortimer Wheeler.
Mick Aston is the comparison of Mortimer Wheeler.
Saketram is the servant of Mortimer Wheeler.
Amjad Khan is the servant of Mortimer Wheeler.
Sudeshna Gusha researchs Indian Subcontinent.