Guanyin'S Brother bears Hebei.
Guanyin'S Brother is the father of Fu Xiu.
Fu Xiu bears Hebei.
Fu Xiu skilleds Archer.
Guanyin'S Brother is the student of of Yue Fei.
Yue Fei sends Tong.
Yue Fei mentors Fu Xiu.
Zhang Fei bears Hebei.
Zhang Fei is the father of Fu Xiu.
Zhang Fei skilleds Archer.
Zhang Fei sends Tong.
Zhang Fei is the student of of Yue Fei.
Zhuge Liang is the acquaintance of Lin Chong.
Zhuge Liang is the acquaintance of Lu Junyi.
Zhuge Liang is the acquaintance of Xi-Feng.
Yue Lin is the relative of Yue Fei.
Tang Yun is the belongs to of Anyang.
Anyang is the in state of Xiangyang Province.
Yingyin is the same city as of Yue-Fei.
Yingyin is the same city as of Yue-Fei.
Yingyin is the same city as of Yue-Fei.
Yingyin is the same city as of Yue-Fei.
Yingyin is the same city as of Yue-Fei.
Yingyin is the same city as of Yue-Fei.
Yingyin is the same city as of Yue-Fei.
Yingyin is the same city as of Yue-Fei.
Yingyin is the same city as of Yue-Fei.
Yingyin is the same city as of Yue-Fei.
Yingyin is the same city as of Yue-Fei.
Yingyin is the same city as of Yue-Fei.
Yingyin is the same city as of Yue-Fei.
Yingyin is the same city as of Yue-Fei.
Yingyin is the same city as of Yue-Fei.
Yingyin is the same city as of Yue-Fei.
Yingyin is the same city as of Yue-Fei.
Yingyin is the same city as of Yue-Fei.
Yue Fei is the friend of Ying Xuanzang.
Yue Fei is the teacher of Bao Zheng.
Yue Fei is the disciple of Wukong.
Yue Fei is the friend of Jia Xiao.
Yue Fei is the friend of Xi-Feng.
Army is the member of Zhuge Liang.
Zhuge Liang is the member of Army.
Zhuge Liang is the governor of Tangyin.
Zhuge Liang is the council member of Tangyin.
Zhuge Liang leads Tangyin.
Li Chao is the friend of Zhuge Liang.
Yue Feng leads Tangyin.
Xuande is the commander of Army.
Xuande leads Tangyin.
Xuande is the sent troops to study of Xuzhou.
Jiang Feng is the friend of Xuande.
Yue Fei is the commander of Army.
Yue Fei leads Tangyin.
Yue Fei is the sent troops to study of Xuzhou.
Yue Fei appoints Tangyin.
Yue Fei appoints Tangyin.
Yue Fei wins Tangyin.
Xue Yong is the wife of Meng Cuiying.
Xue Yong is the son of Meng Qing.
Xue Yong is the associate of Lu Jue.
Xue Yong is the spouse of Meng Qing.
Xue Yong is the spouse of Meng Cuiying.
Xue Yong mentions Yin Yong.
Xue Yong is the comparison of Liu Bei.
Yue is the predecessor of Yue Ke.
Yue is the subject of Xiong Damu.
Xiong Damu is the influence of Zhu Xi.
Xiong Damu is the subject of Yue.
Xiong Damu is the subject of Yuefei.
Xuande is the event of Wudang.
Wukong Shaotang is the event of Wudang.
Wu Song is the contains of Six Chapters Of Wu Song.
Six Chapters Of Wu Song is the author of Wukong Shaotang.
Wu Song is the author of Wukong Shaotang.
Wukong Shaotang writes Six Chapters Of Wu Song.
Xichuan is the knows of Wang Shaotang.
Xichuan is the alias of Yingfeng.
Xichuan is the knows of Liu Bei.
Xichuan mentions Yue-Kou.
Yue-Kou mentions Yin Zhi.
Yin Zhi mentions Guan Yu.
Yin Zhi mentions Yin Mankai.
Yin Zhi mentions Liu Qiao.
Yin Zhi mentions Jin Qiao.
Yin Zhi is the teacher of Yin Zhi.
Yin Zhi is the teacher of Cheng Tong.
Yin Zhi is the teacher of Wang.
Xiahou Xing is the teacher of Cheng Tong.
Xiahou Xing is the teacher of Wang.
Xiahou Xing is the teacher of Xue.