Omar is the formation of October 13.
Omar is the peak strength of November.
Omar is the gusts of 130 Mph.
Omar is the pressure of 958 Mbar.
Omar is the gusts of 210 Kts.
Omar is the pressure of Hra.
Omar is the pressure of 22 Inhg.
Omar is the dissipation of 21St Of November.
Trough is the developed of Central Trough.
Omar visits Aruba.
Omar visits Antigua And Barbuda.
Saint Peter'S Church is the shelter used of Dutch Quarter.
Saint Peter'S Church is the shelter used of Genevieve De Weever School.
Saint Peter'S Church is the shelter used of Salvation Army Building.
Dutch Quarter is the shelter used of Genevieve De Weever School.
Dutch Quarter is the shelter used of Salvation Army Building.
Genevieve De Weever School is the shelter used of Salvation Army Building.
Wind is the sank of Ships.
Wind is the sank of Boats.
Wind is the sank of Boats.
Barbuda throws Rain.
Barbuda throws Squalls.
Antigua is the about of Wind.
Antigua is the about of Wind.
People drowns Rain.
Saint-Marius is the adjacent of Gros Island.
Gros Island damages Jetty.
Gros Island damages Boat.
Anse Laraye floods Anse Laraye.
Omar damages Omar.
Omar provides Oarsmen.
Pope Clement Xii is the death occasion of Papal Conclave.
Jesuits banishs Portugal.
Jesuits banishs France.
Jesuits banishs Spain.
Jesuits banishs Kingdom Of Sicily.
Jesuits banishs Duchy Of Paradise.
Jesuits banishs Duchy Of Pietere.
Omar is the repair of Ships.
Omar is the repair of Boats.
Omar is the repay of Oarsmen.
State Council is the repair of Ships.
Pope Clement Xii is the decree of Ships.
King Of Oman is the spend of Oarsmen.
King Of Oman is the repair of Ships.
King Of Oman is the repair of Boats.
Kingdom Of Greece is the repair of Ships.
Kingdom Of Greece is the repair of Boats.
Papal Conclave is the occasion of Pope Clement Xii.
Congress is the occasion of Pope Clement Xii.
Catholic Congress is the occasion of Pope Clement Xii.
Dean Of The Sacred College Of Cardinals is the appointment of Prefect Of The Church Of The Good Government.
Chancellor Of The Roman Church is the appointment of Archpriest Of The Patriarchal Vatican Basilica Fabrizio Serbelloni.
Rev. Pietro In Vincoli is the appointment of Prefect Of The St. Christopher Court Of The Ecclesiesty Pietro Girolamo Guglielmi.
Lorenzo Ganganelli is the appointment of Prefect Of The St. Christopher Court Of The Ecclesiesty Pietro Girolamo Guglielmi.
Cardinal Of The S.C. Cardinal is the predecessor of Callisto.
Callisto is the predecessor of Archbishop Of Fermo Filippo Maria Pirelli (September 26, 1766).
Archbishop Of Fermo Filippo Maria Pirelli (September 26, 1766) is the predecessor of Alessandro Albani (July 16, 1721).
Alessandro Albani (July 16, 1721) is the deacon of Maria In Via Lata.
Alessandro Albani (July 16, 1721) is the deacon of Maria Corsini.
Alessandro Albani (July 16, 1721) is the deacon of Eustachio.
Carlo Francesco Durini (November 26-1753) is the predecessor of Luis Fernandez De Cordoba (December 18-1754).
Luis Fernandez De Cordoba (December 18-1754) is the priest of Franz Konrad Casimir Von Rodt (April 5, 1756).
Franz Konrad Casimir Von Rodt (April 5, 1756) is the priest of Franz Christoph Freiherr Von Hutten Zu Stolzenfels (Nov 23).
Franz Christoph Freiherr Von Hutten Zu Stolzenfels (Nov 23) is the priest of Eusebio.
Lorenzo Ganganelli is the candidate of Conti.
Lorenzo Ganganelli is the candidate of Durini.
Lorenzo Ganganelli is the candidate of Bernard De Bernis.
Lorenzo Ganganelli is the candidate of Fantuzzi.
Lorenzo Ganganelli is the candidate of Cavalchini.
Lorenzo Ganganelli is the candidate of Colonna.
Lorenzo Ganganelli is the candidate of Stoppani.
Lorenzo Ganganelli is the candidate of Pozzobonelli.
Lorenzo Ganganelli is the candidate of Sersale.
Cardinal Orsini belongs Zelanti.
Spaniards supports Cardinal Malvezzi.
Berniss belongs Cardinal De Bernis.
Cardinal De Bernis takes Cardinal Orsini.
Cardinal Fantuzzi eliminates Future Pope.
Cavalchini eliminates Future Pope.
Colonna eliminates Future Pope.
Stoppani eliminates Future Pope.
Pozzobonelli eliminates Future Pope.
Sersale eliminates Future Pope.
Ambassadors Of France And Spain requests Berniss.
Berniss insists Future Pope.
Zelanti turns Jesuits.
Zelanti favors Ganganelli.
Cardinal De Bernis crowns Cardinal Alesandro Albani.