Tintin is the companion of Snowy.
Tintin is the companion of Captain Haddock.
Tintin is the encounter of Omar Bén Salaad.
Tintin is the encounter of Bunji Kuraki.
Tintin is the conflict of Allan.
Tintin is the encounter of Jumbo.
Tintin is the conflict of Tuareg Tribe.
Tintin is the conflict of German Army.
Herge is the creator of Tintin.
Leopold Iii is the surrender of German Army.
Herge works Le Vingteme.
Belgian King Leopold Ii surrenders German Army.
Herge travels Herge'S Wife.
Herge travels Paris.
Herge stays Puy De D'Un Dome.
Herge finds Officer Of Propaganda Office.
Herge receives Caster.
Le Vingteme is the first issue published of Sunday, You Have It!.
Le Vingteme is the announcement made of Total Tintin Et Milou Sont Revenus.
Herge serializes Le Soir.
Young Audience reachs Legaret.
Legaret serializes Le Soir.
Captain Haddock introduces Blue Lotus.
Geraine Remi names Captain Haddock.
Anti-War Film Jud Suß is the advertised next to of Le Soir.
Ju-Suß-Suß inspires Joseph Peyre.
Ju-Suß-Suß mentions Herge.
Joseph Peyre influences Herge.
Herge includes Bunji Kuraki.
Herge includes Tintin.
Herge includes Captain Haddock.
Herge names Bagghar.
Herge changes Jumbo.
Herge changes Arab.
Herge reviews Jean-Marc M. Apostolides.
Ju-Suß-Suß adapts William B. Bertrand.
William B. Bertrand adapts Wilfried Bouchery.
Herge moves Le Séquence.
Two Magicians asserts The Crab With Golden Claws.
Crabs asserts The Crab With Golden Claws.
Cigars asserts The Crab With Golden Claws.
Jean Mccarthy reviews The Crab With Golden Claws.
Jean Mccarthy observes Tinolf.
Jean Mccarthy notes German Streets.
Japanese Investigator involves Drug Trafficking.
Japanese Investigator locates Mediterranean.
Japanese Investigator compares 1940S Europe.
William Bertrand directs The Polaroid.
Wilfried Bouchery adapts The Polaroid.
Wilfried Bouchery collaborates Claude Misonne.
Abc Cinema presents 11 January 1947.
Two Magicians asserts The Crab With Golden Claws.
Crabs asserts The Crab With Golden Claws.
Cigars asserts The Crab With Golden Claws.
Tinolf introduces German Streets.
Tinolf is the fantasies prevented of German Streets.
Jean-Marc M. Apostolides reviews The Crab With Golden Claws.
Jean-Marc M. Apostolides observes Tinolf.
Two Magicians asserts The Crab With Golden Claws.
Crabs asserts The Crab With Golden Claws.
Cigars asserts The Crab With Golden Claws.
1991 produces Second Animated Series.
French Studio Ellipse collaborates Second Animated Series.
Canadian Animation Company Nelvana collaborates Second Animated Series.
The Crab With Golden Claws adapts Fifth Episode.
Ray Goossens directs The Crab With Golden Claws.
Greg is the writer of adaptation of The Crab With Golden Claws.
Greg becomes Tintin'S Magazine.
The Crab With Golden Claws adapts Seventh Episode.
French Studio Ellipse adapts The Adventures Of Tintin: The Mystery Of The Unicorn.
Canadian Animation Company Nelvana collaborates The Adventures Of Tintin: The Mystery Of The Unicorn.
1991 produces Second Animated Series.
Spanish Studio Ellipse creates The Crab With The Golden Claws.
The Crab With The Golden Claws includes Meeting And First Adventures Of Tintin And Captain Haddock.
The Crab With The Golden Claws includes Karaboudjan.
The Crab With The Golden Claws includes Flight To Bagghar.
The Crab With The Golden Claws includes The Bottle.
The Crab With The Golden Claws is the not adapted of Smuggled Opium.
The Adventures Of Tintin: The Mystery Of The Unicorn adapts Seventh Episode.
French Studio Ellipse collaborates The Adventures Of Tintin: The Mystery Of The Unicorn.
Canadian Animation Company Nelvana collaborates The Adventures Of Tintin: The Mystery Of The Unicorn.
The Simpsons makes Bart Simpson.
Marge threatens Bart Simpson.