The First Of June occurs Bataille Du 1Er Juin De Brest.
Bataille Du 1Er Juin De Brest is the part of of French Revolutionary Wars.
Kingdom Of Great Britain participates French Revolutionary Wars.
First French Empire participates French Revolutionary Wars.
Bay Of Biscay is the location of French Revolutionary Wars.
Admiral Lord Howe is the commander of of British Battle Fleet.
Admiral Villaret De Joyeuse is the commander of of French Fleet.
British Battle Fleet attempts French Grain Convoy.
French Blockade Squadron protects French Grain Convoy.
British Battle Fleet participates Naval Battle.
French Fleet participates Naval Battle.
Naval Battle occurs Atlantic Ocean.
Naval Battle occurs Ushant.
Naval Battle occurs French Port Of Brest.
Howe pursues Convoy.
Howe captures Merchant Ships.
Howe captures Prizes.
Howe detachs 27 May.
27 May is the chase of Villaret.
Villaret leads Audacieux.
Howe attacks 29 May.
Howe is the sent squadron to pick up vessel of Revolutionnaire.
Revolutionnaire engages French Ships.
Howe separates French Fleet.
Villaret attempts Grain Convoy.
Howe launchs 1 June 1794.
Howe uses Weather Gage.
French Fleet forms Port.
French Fleet retreats British Fleet.
French Fleet sends Reinforcements.
Reinforcements arrives Nielly.
1 June 1794 separates Lines Of Battle.
Lines Of Battle meets Ships.
Howe attempts French Line.
French Line breaks British Line.
Howe orders Ships.
Ships engages French Ships.
French Ships forces Retreated.
French Ships is the destroyed of French Main Fleet.
British Fleet forms Forward Division.
Forward Division closes French Line.
Lion engages Corvette Juste.
Queen Charlotte engages French Frigate Montagne.
Queen Charlotte engages Vengeur Du Peuple.
Valiant engages Patriote.
Valiant engages Achille.
Northumberland attacks Royalist.
Hms St George engages Republicain.
Hms St George engages Sans Pareil.
Hms Lion engages Lion.
Hms Ramillies engages Victory.
Hms America refuses Albemarle Bertie.
Entreprenant fires Pelletier.
Scipion engages King George.
Caesar engages Temeraire.
Temeraire engages Eole.
Hms Phoenix fires Eole.
Hms Phoenix offers Hugh Russell.
Marlborough loses Royal Sovereign.
Royal Sovereign loses Captain Graves.
Royal Sovereign is the mortally wounded of Captain Graves.
Royal Sovereign escapes French Ships.
Villaret leads Montagne.
Marlborough engages Impetueux.
Impetueux engages Mucius.
Captain Graves is the command passed to of Captain William Monkton.
Captain William Monkton calls Captain Stopford.
Captain Stopford arrives Hms Aquilon.
Hms Aquilon takes Marlborough.
Mucius detachs Queen Charlotte.
Impetueux joins Hms Defence.
Impetueux joins Republicain.
Republicain seeks Hms Invincible.
Hms Invincible responds Impetueux.
Impetueux loses Queen Charlotte.
Queen Charlotte receives Lion.
Lion fires Queen Charlotte.
Captain Sir Thomas Snape is the mortally wounded by of Fire.
Queen Charlotte is the engagement between of Montagne.
Brunswick continues Vengeur Du Peuple.
Captain Hamilton is the mortally wounded by of Langrage.
Brunswick attempts Achille.
Achille attempts Villaret.
Vengeur Du Peuple is the accepted surrender after a short fight of Ramillies.
Ramillies pursues Achille.
Brunswick pursues Ramillies.
Brunswick pursues Villaret.
Brunswick is the unable to escape at all of Villaret.
Villaret De Montagne forces Britain.
Montagne surrenders Villaret.
Villaret meets Cornic.
Villaret refuses Saint @ - @ Andre.
Villaret suffers French Navy.
Admiral Kerguelen believes Villaret.
France is the honours awarded of John Hutt.
France is the honours awarded of John Smith.
France is the controversial dispatch of Curtis.
Curtis deserves Vice Admiral Howe.
Curtis deserves Gardner.
Curtis deserves Rear Admiral Bowyer.
Curtis deserves Pasley.
Curtis deserves Captain Smith.
Curtis deserves Pakenham.
Curtis deserves Cranfield Caldwell.
Curtis deserves Gambier.
Curtis deserves John Harvey.
Curtis deserves Payne.
Curtis deserves William Smith.
Curtis deserves Pringle.
Curtis deserves Duckworth.
Curtis deserves Elphinstone.
Curtis deserves Nichols.
Curtis deserves Monkton.
Curtis deserves Donnelly.
Curtis deserves Vice Admiral Caldwell.
Curtis refuses Cuthbert Collingwood.
James Molloy is the mutiny accusation of Hms Revenge.
James Molloy is the mutiny accusation of Finger Lakes Railroad.
Hms Revenge prizes Hms Sans Pareil.
Hms Revenge prizes Hms Juste.
Hms Revenge prizes Achille.
Hms Revenge prizes Lion.
Hms Revenge prizes Impetueux.
Hms Revenge prizes Hms America.
Hms Revenge prizes Nelson.