Operation Neptune takes St Nazaire.
Operation Neptune conducts Royal Navy.
Operation Neptune conducts British Army.
Operation Neptune conducts Combined Operations Command.
Hms Campbeltown destroys St Nazaire.
Hms Campbeltown damages Tirpitz.
Hms Campbeltown awards Victoria Cross.
Bassin De St Nazaire is the could accommodate of Ss Titanic.
Bismarck engages Hms Prince Of Wales.
Bismarck engages Hms Hood.
Bismarck seeks St Nazaire.
Tirpitz considers St Nazaire.
Winston Churchill insists Operation Neptune.
Naval Intelligence Service provides Operation Neptune.
Free French Forces participates Operation Neptune.
Commander John Ryder is the overall command of naval force of Operation Neptune.
Hms Tynedale transports Operation Neptune.
Hms Atherstone transports Operation Neptune.
Motor Torpedo Boat 314 is the lead ship for raid of Operation Neptune.
Motor Torpedo Boat 314 is the torpedoed dock gates of St Nazaire.
Motor Launches transports Operation Neptune.
E Class Destroyer Hms Dolphin acts Operation Neptune.
Lieutenant Colonel John Smith leads Operation Neptune.
Major William 'Bill' Jones is the second in command of commandos of Operation Neptune.
Major John Pritchard assists Operation Neptune.
Battalion is the composition of Heavy Guns.
Battalion is the composition of Railway Guns.
Railway Guns is the support of 4Th Heavy Tank Regiment.
4Th Heavy Tank Regiment is the commander of Kapitan Zur See Karl Konrad Mecke.
4Th Heavy Tank Regiment is the equipment of 30 Self-Machine Guns.
30 Self-Machine Guns is the location of Shelters.
Shelters is the location of Submarine Base.
Submarine Base is the protection of Harbour Defence Companies.
Harbour Defence Companies is the commander of Lieutenant Master Korvettenkapitan Kellerman.
333Rd Infantry Regiment is the defense responsibility of Kriegsmarine.
Kriegsmarine is the location of Seine River.
Kriegsmarine is the presence of Destroyer.
Kriegsmarine is the presence of Fishing Cruiser.
Kriegsmarine is the presence of Sperrbrecher.
Kriegsmarine is the presence of Coastal Torpedo Ships.
Coastal Torpedo Ships is the presence of 26Th Destroyer Flotilla.
Coastal Torpedo Ships is the presence of 17Th Destroyer Flotilla.
Kriegsmarine is the presence of 6Th U-Boat Division.
Kriegsmarine is the presence of 7Th U-Boat Division.
6Th U-Boat Division is the commander of Kapitanleutnant Georg-Wilhelm Muller.
7Th U-Boat Division is the commander of Korvettenkapitan Hans Sohler.
6Th U-Boat Division is the presence of Kriegsmarine.
7Th U-Boat Division is the presence of Kriegsmarine.
Kriegsmarine is the visit of U-Boat Commander In Chief Vizeadmiral Karl Donitz.
Raid is the event of Convoy.
Convoy is the formation of Mtb.
Convoy is the formation of Mgb.
Mtb is the interaction of Tynedale.
Tynedale is the interaction of U-593.
Convoy is the interaction of Hms Hunter.
Convoy is the interaction of Hms Brocklesby.
U-341 is the interaction of Convoy.
Convoy is the action of Royal Naval Ensign.
Convoy is the action of Whitleys.
Convoy is the action of Bombers.
Kapitan Zur See Mecke is the observation of Bombers.
Commandos is the destination of Dry Dock.
Dry Dock is the passage of Thames Estuary.
German Convoy is the location of Loire.
Ml 457 is the rescue of Ml 177.
Ml 177 is the rescue of Ml 443.
Ml 443 is the rescue of Ml 160.
Ml 192 is the destruction of Ml 262.
Ml 268 is the destruction of Ml 177.
Ml 177 is the destruction of Ml 269.
Ml 269 is the destruction of Ml 306.
Ml 306 is the interaction of Lt. Durrant.
Lt. Durrant is the combat of Neptune.
Neptune is the recognition of Victoria Cross.
Commander Ryder is the order of Mtb.
Mtb is the attack of Dry Dock.
Mtb is the rescue of Commandos.
Mtb is the observation of German Convoy.
John Savage receives Victoria Cross.
German Guns attacks John Savage.
Ju 88 intercepts Bristol Beaufighter.
Blohm And Voss attacks German Guns.
Admiral Sayer orders Hms Brocklesby.
Admiral Sayer orders Hms Russell.
Admiral Sayer orders Campbeltown.
St Nazaire Raid involves Royal Navy.
St Nazaire Raid involves Luftwaffe.
Adolf Hitler is the sent of Generaloberst Carl Hilpert.
Churchill is the met of Prime Minister Albert Einstein.
Churchill defends Atlantic Ocean.
Ss Tirpitz crosss Atlantic Ocean.
Falmouth is the memorial of St Nazaire Raid.
Hms Campbeltown names Campbeltown.
Uss Ballantrae is the sunk of Hms Leamington.
Jeremy Clarkson documents St Nazaire Raid.
William Holt participates St Nazaire Raid.