Hellblazer is the main character of John Constantine.
Hellblazer is the creator of Alan Moore.
Hellblazer is the creator of Stephen J. Bissette.
John Constantine is the creator of Alan Moore.
John Constantine is the creator of Stephen J. Bissette.
Hellblazer is the contributor of Jamie Delano.
Hellblazer is the contributor of Garth Ennis.
Hellblazer is the contributor of Terry Jenkins.
Hellblazer is the contributor of Warren Ellis.
Hellblazer is the contributor of Grant Morrison.
Hellblazer is the contributor of Neil Gaiman.
Hellblazer is the contributor of Dan Carey.
Hellblazer is the contributor of Andy Diggle.
Hellblazer is the contributor of Peter Milligan.
Hellblazer is the appearance of Zatanna.
Hellblazer is the appearance of Phantom Stranger.
Hellblazer is the appearance of Batman.
Hellblazer is the appearance of Swamp Thing.
Hellblazer is the successor of Constantine.
Hellblazer is the involvement of Karen Berger.
Hellblazer is the involvement of Dave Mckean.
Hellblazer is the involvement of Stan Ridgway.
Hellblazer is the involvement of John Bisley.
Hellblazer is the involvement of Mark Buckingham.
Hellblazer is the involvement of Richard Corben.
Hellblazer is the involvement of Steve Dillon.
Hellblazer is the involvement of Marcelo Frusin.
Hellblazer is the involvement of David Lloyd.
Hellblazer is the involvement of Carlos Manco.
Hellblazer is the involvement of Sean Phillips.
Hellblazer is the reference of Brendan Behan.
Hellblazer is the involvement of Kevin Smith.
Hellblazer is the involvement of Eddie Murphy.
Man From Porlock is the contributor of Jenkins.
Jenkins is the contributor of Jamie Delano.
Jenkins is the depiction of of Urbanism.
Jenkins is the effects of of Criminal Justice Act Of 1994.
John Constantine creates Aleister Crowley.
John Constantine is the features of Angie Constantine.
John Constantine is the features of Gemma Constantine.
John Constantine is the fought against of John Drake.
John Constantine involves Swamp Thing.
John Constantine involves Rosacarnis.
John Constantine involves Peter Milligan.
Peter Milligan involves Phoebe Constantine.
Peter Milligan involves Julian.
Peter Milligan involves Shade.
Peter Milligan involves Finn.
John Constantine appears Justice League Dark.
Peter Milligan writes Justice League Dark.
Jeff Lemire takes Justice League Dark.
John Constantine is the key member of the story of Hellblazer.
John Venditti writes Hellblazer.
Renato Guedes is the art by of Hellblazer.
Ming Doyle writes Hellblazer.
David Rossmo draws Hellblazer.
Jamie Delano is the first wrote the series of Hellblazer.
Garth Ennis takes Hellblazer.
Brian Azzarello includes Hellblazer.
Warren Ellis includes Hellblazer.
Alan Moore praises Hellblazer.
Michael Fialkov expresss Hellblazer.
Ian Mcdonald expresss Hellblazer.
Leah Moore expresss Hellblazer.
Dan Didio issues Hellblazer.
David Fabry wins Hellblazer.
Guillermo Del Toro discusss Constantine.
Zatanna plans Constantine.
Neil Jordan directs Constantine.
Will Ryan plays Constantine.
Dan Goyer develops Constantine.
Rick Cerone develops Constantine.
James Shirley credits Hellblazer.