First Battle Of Maryang San is the part of of Korean War.
First Battle Of Maryang San is the participant of United Nations.
First Battle Of Maryang San is the participant of Australian Forces.
First Battle Of Maryang San is the participant of British Forces.
First Battle Of Maryang San is the participant of Chinese Communist People'S Liberation Army.
First Battle Of Maryang San is the part of of Operation Typhoon.
General Of The Army Douglas Macarthur replaces General Matthew H. Ridgway.
General Matthew H. Ridgway replaces General John Van Fleet.
General John Van Fleet is the commander of of Un Eighth Army.
Un Eighth Army captures Kansas Line.
Un Eighth Army captures Missouri Line.
Australian Corps is the part of of 28Th Infantry Division.
28Th Infantry Division is the part of of 1St Canadian Brigade.
28Th Infantry Division is the part of of 28Th British Brigade.
28Th Infantry Division is the part of of 29Th Australian Brigade.
28Th Infantry Division is the commander of of Major General John Cassels.
Australian Regiment is the supports of 1St Field Regiment, Royal New Zealand Artillery.
Hill 199 is the objective of of Lieutenant Colonel Francis Hassett.
Hill 199 assigns Captain John Hardiman.
Hill 199 defends Captain Jim Shelton.
Chinese Artillery Fire involves 2/324 Guns.
28Th Brigade is the affected of Chinese Artillery Fire.
Lieutenant John Gerke attacks Hill 220.
Lieutenant John Gerke attacks Hill 355.
Lieutenant John Gerke attacks Kowang-San.
Lieutenant John Gerke causes Chinese Casualties.
D Company 3 Rar attacks Hill 220.
D Company 3 Rar attacks Kowang-San.
D Company 3 Rar suffers Australian Casualties.
D Company 3 Rar inflicts Chinese Casualties.
D Company 3 Rar is the under command of Lieutenant John Gerke.
D Company 3 Rar relieves Sergeant Smith.
2Nd Battalion Princess Patricia'S Canadian Light Infantry attacks Hill 187.
2Nd Battalion Princess Patricia'S Canadian Light Infantry reachs Hill 210.
Shropshires reachs Hill 210.
Shropshires encounters Kowang-San.
Sergeant A.J. Smith defends Maryang San.
Sergeant A.J. Rowlinson defends Maryang San.
Captain John Nicholls engages Chinese Tanks.
John Nicholls receives Australian Medal.
Jim Jones receives Military Medal.
J. Jones receives Military Medal.
J. J. Bosworth receives Military Medal.
J. J. O'Connell receives Victoria Cross.
J. J. Taylor receives Victoria Cross.
Lieutenant Colonel Wilson receives Victoria Cross.
Hassett is the posthumously awarded of Dso.
Hassett receives Battle Honours.
Peng Dehuai orders Tunnel Warfare.
Anderson is the at of Killed.
Maryang San locates Chinese Dead And Wounded.
Jamestown captures Chinese I Corps.
Jamestown estimates Australian Losses.
Jamestown estimates Chinese Losses.
Jamestown succeeds Operation Polecharge.
Jamestown protects Supply Lines.