London Panel creates Rogier Van Der Weyden.
London Panel locates National Gallery.
London Panel is the depicts of Woman.
London Panel is the depicts of Magdalene.
Magdalene identifys Saint Margaret Of Bethany.
Magdalene identifys Saint Catherine Of Alexandria.
London Panel is the depicts of Madonna.
Madonna is the depicts of Child.
Madonna is the depicts of Saint John The Evangelist.
Madonna is the depicts of John The Baptist.
London Panel is the depicts of Saint Joseph.
Italian Renaissance Artists reinforces Contemplative Figures.
Italian Renaissance Artists reinforces Tears.
Mid-Renaissance Paintings By Raphael is the depicts of Woman Reading.
Mosche Barasch writes Van Der Weyden.
Van Der Weyden is the depiction reflects of Women Christian Laywomen.
Van Der Weyden is the depiction reflects of Bible.
Van Der Weyden is the depiction reflects of Book Of Hours.
Reader is the presence at christ 's death of Christ.
Reader is the closely associated with of Virgin.
Reader is the role reinforcement of Writer.
Virgin is the depiction of of Mary Of Bethany.
Virgin performs Sacrament Of Baptism.
Date And Location is the painting date of Van Der Weyden.
Date And Location suggests John Ward.
Date And Location is the influence mentioned of Robert Campin.
Date And Location is the existence mentioned of Las Miraflores Panel.
Date And Location is the inventory mentioned of Master Of Bosch.
Date And Location is the will mentioned of Jan Hoofman.
Date And Location is the ownership transfer of Nieuwenhuys Family.
Date And Location is the previous owner of Musee Edmond Beaucousin.
Date And Location is the acquisition mentioned of John Henry Eastlake.
Date And Location is the paintings mentioned of Robert Marmion.
Date And Location overpaintings Black Rose.
Date And Location overpaintings Red Walls.
Date And Location overpaintings Table.
Date And Location is the transfer mentioned of Chair.
Date And Location is the panel transfer material of Swietenia.
Date And Location is the transfer mentioned of Dutch Persons.
Date And Location is the panel location of Stockholm.
Date And Location is the original panel material of Oak Panel.
Date And Location is the panel origin of Portuguese Origin.
Date And Location is the donation mentioned of Johan Langaad.
Date And Location is the recipient mentioned of Norwegian National Museum Of Fine Arts.