Elgin Cathedral is the dedication of Holy Trinity.
Elgin Cathedral is the land grant of King David I.
Elgin Cathedral is the replacement of Spynie Cathedral.
Elgin Cathedral is the location of River Lossie.
Robert Stewart is the attack of Elgin Cathedral.
Badenoch is the attack of Elgin Cathedral.
Elgin Cathedral is the closure of Scottish Reformation.
Elgin Cathedral is the transfer of services of St Giles.
Elgin Cathedral is the medieval structure of Chapter House.
North Chancel Arch is the connection of Chapter House.
John Innes is the contributions of Elgin Cathedral.
Henry Iv is the income grant of Elgin Cathedral.
John Of Lochaber is the attack of Elgin Cathedral.
John Of Lochaber'S Son is the attack of Elgin Cathedral.
John Of Lochaber'S Successor is the compensation of Elgin Cathedral.
John Innes is the construction of Chapter House.
John Of Dunbar is the arms display of Elgin Cathedral.
John Of Perth is the arms display of Elgin Cathedral.
John Stewart is the arms display of Elgin Cathedral.
Andreas Of Paris is the transfer approval of Elgin Cathedral.
William Of Keith is the transfer approval of Elgin Cathedral.
William Of Kinloss is the transfer approval of Elgin Cathedral.
John Of Ross is the transfer approval of Elgin Cathedral.
Alexander Ii is the land grant of Elgin Cathedral.
Urban Vi is the permission grant of Andreas Of Paris.
Edward I is the visit of Elgin Cathedral.
Alexander Iii is the visit of Elgin Cathedral.
James Iv is the visit of Elgin Cathedral.
William Dunbar is the complaints of Elgin Cathedral.
Thomas Randolph is the support of Elgin Cathedral.
Bishop Andreas is the founder of Elgin Cathedral.
Bishop Andreas is the founder of Royal Hospital.
Bishop Andreas is the founder of Hospital Of Maison Dieu.
Bishop Andreas is the founder of Canons.
Bishop Andreas is the founder of Chancellor.
Bishop Andreas associates Master John The Carpenter.
Bishop Andreas associates Master Richard The Mason.
Edward I Of England is the visitor of Elgin Cathedral.
James Ii is the visitor of Elgin Cathedral.
John Knox is the described of Elgin Cathedral.
John Ross orders Elgin Cathedral.
Oliver Cromwell damages Elgin Cathedral.
John Reid is the restorer of Elgin Cathedral.
John Anderson is the restorer of Elgin Cathedral.
James Forsyth is the assistant of Elgin Cathedral.
William Slezer is the described of Elgin Cathedral.
John Stewart is the destroyer of Elgin Cathedral.
Alexander Stewart is the destroyer of Elgin Cathedral.
Nave decorates Flowers.
Nave decorates Leaves.
Nave decorates Oak Leaves.
Nave is the contains of Rose Window.
Rose Window is the part of of Windows.
Rose Window is the contains of Earl Of Fife.
Rose Window is the contains of Royal Arms Of Scotland.
Rose Window is the contains of Royal Arms Of Sir William Dunbar.
East Wall is the contains of Windows.
East Wall is the connects to of Choir.
West Tower collapses Nave.
Nave encloses Vaulted Ceiling.
Vaulted Ceiling supports Central Pillar.
Nave rebuilds Bishop Andrew Stewart.
Bishop Andrew Stewart is the brother of of King James Iv.
Chapter Houses associates Nave.
Chapter Houses locates West Side.
Chapter Houses is the some were of Demolished.
Nave makes East Wall.
Nave is the further of Widening.
Nave follows Restoration Work.
East Window restores South Facing.
Wallwork replaces Capitals.
Wallwork replaces Cross Arms.
Capitals is the on of East Wall.
Chancel is the reinforcement of of Walling.
Roof is the undertaken for of Strengthening.
Roof is the further of Reinforcement.
Ground Level is the in 1924 of Raised.
Tomb Of The Earl Of Huntly is the 17th century of Uncovered.
Windows is the complete restoration of of Restoration.
North Wall is the part of of Rebuilding.
North Wall is the with of Stone Work.
South Aisle is the new windows added to of Windows.
Volunteers is the exterior walls repaired by of Repaired.
Nave is the window work completely restored by of Windows.
North Restoration is the restoration completed by of Completed.
North-West Tower adds Doors.
North-West Tower adds Windows.
North-East Tower dos Restoration Work.