Ceratopia is the member of of Yinlong Downsi.
Yinlong Downsi is the ancestor of of Prorsus.
Prorsus is the ancestor of of Centrosaurus.
Epoccipital finds Ceratops.
Othniel Charles Marsh describes Agathaumas Sylvestris.
Agathaumas Sylvestris names Polyonax.
Polyonax names Monoclonius.
Monoclonius names Ceratops.
Ceratops groups Rex.
Marsh names Agathaumidae.
Marsh groups Cerambycidae.
Marsh groups Tortricidae.
Marsh groups Ceratops.
Ceratops relates Serendipaceratops.
Serendipaceratops relates Notoceratops.
Notoceratops relates Craspedodon.
Farke publishs Aquilops Americanus.
Xu Xing collaborates Michael Makovicky.
Michael Makovicky collaborates Brenda Chinnery.
Helena locates Montana.
Helena is the first described of Prenoceratops.
Helena publishs Prenoceratops.
Makovicky incorporates Chinnery.
Makovicky incorporates John Norell.
Makovicky incorporates Amnh.
Makovicky includes Chinnery.
Makovicky includes Yamaceratops.
Makovicky is the not able to include yinlong of Yamaceratops.
Proto##Ceratopsidae is the sister group of of Ceratopsoidea.
Asiaceratops includes Leptoceratopsid.
Asiaceratops is the transitional appearance of Leptoceratopsid.
Asiaceratops is the basal neoceratopsian of Leptoceratopsid.
Asiaceratops is the lack of available material of Leptoceratopsid.
Makovicky includes Ivpp V12722.
Ivpp V12722 names Xuanhuaceratops.
Kulceratops considers Turanoceratops.
Turanoceratops considers Turanoceratops.
Lamaceratops is the junior members of of Bagaceratops.
Magnirostris is the junior members of of Bagaceratops.
Platyceratops is the junior members of of Bagaceratops.
Bainoceratops is the synonymous with of Bagaceratops.
Hailu is the co-member with of Beijing'S Chinese Academy Of Natural Sciences.
Hailu is the co-member with of Xu.
Hailu is the co-member with of Makovicky.
Hailu is the co-member with of John Dodson.
Hailu is the co-member with of University Of Cambridge.
Hailu presents Xu.
Hailu presents John Dodson.
Hailu publishs Xu.
Hailu publishs John Dodson.
Hailu works Auroraceratops.
Hailu includes Auroraceratops.
Hailu names Xu.
Zhiming names Magnirostris.
North America is the dinosaur remains found of Albian Age.
North America is the spread to by end of cretaceous period of Torres Strait.
Leptoceratopsid crosss North America.
Udanoceratops is the migration event of Asia.
Ceratopsids finds Zuniceratops.
Ceratopsids is the endemic to continent of Asia.
Turanoceratops (East Dinosaur Genus) originates Asia.
Turanoceratops (East Dinosaur Genus) originates North America.
Bison is the common species in of Late Cretaceous Formations.
Centrosaurus is the nomadic living of Bison.
Centrosaurus is the living in of Herds.
Centrosaurus is the bonebeds found of Herds.
Centrosaurus is the nomadic living of Herds.
Darren Naish speculates David Witton.
Posture And Size is the short forelimbs of Dinosaurs.
Posture And Size is the long forelimbs of Dinosaurs.
Activity proposes Dinosaurs.
Activity suggests Dinosaurs.
Scleral Arches is the comparison with modern birds and mammals of Dinosaurs.
Stress Patterns reports Birds.
Periostitis finds Rhino.