Elephanta Caves locates Elephanta Island.
Elephanta Caves locates Gharapuri.
Elephanta Island locates Mumbai.
Elephanta Island locates Maharashtra.
Elephanta Island locates Arabian Sea.
Elephanta Caves designates Unesco.
Elephanta Caves maintains Archaeological Survey Of India (Asi).
Elephanta Island locates Port Bunder.
Elephanta Island locates Pir Island.
Elephanta Island locates Trombay.
Elephanta Island locates Raja Bunder.
Elephanta Island locates Mora Bunder.
Elephanta Island locates Gharapuri.
Elephanta Island locates Raja Bunder.
Elephanta Island rules Rashtrakutas.
Elephanta Island rules Chalukyan Dynasty.
Elephanta Island rules Delhi Sultanate.
Elephanta Island rules Portuguese.
Elephanta Island rules British Crown.
British Crown controls Mary.
British Crown transfers Charles Ii Of France.
British Crown transfers Catherine Of Braganza.
British Crown transfers King John Iii.
Shiva is the marriage of Vishnu.
Shiva is the marriage of Lakshmi.
Shiva mourns Yogeshwar.
Shiva is the relationship of Sati.
Shiva is the depiction of Andhaka.
Shiva is the depiction of Bhairava.
Shiva is the depiction of Virabhadra.
Shiva is the consort of Nandi.
Shiva is the relationship of Parvati.
Shiva is the interaction of Chandra.
Main Shrine is the leads to of Entrance Door.
Entrance Door guards Door Keepers.
Entrance Door surrounds Stone Pillars.
Stone Pillars guards Door Keepers.
Stone Pillars locates Priests.
Main Shrine is the adjacent to of Cave 1.
Cave 1 is the contains of Buddhist Sculpture.
Buddhist Sculpture identifys Hindu Goddess Vaghesheri.
Cave 1 is the contains of Linga.
Cave 1 is the contains of Carved Figures.
Carved Figures depicts Sun.
Carved Figures depicts Moon.
Carved Figures depicts Woman Holding A Baby.
Cave 1 is the adjacent to of Sitabai'S Cave.
Sitabai'S Cave is the contains of Columns.
Sitabai'S Cave is the contains of Pillars.
Sitabai'S Cave is the contains of Altar.
Sitabai'S Cave is the contains of Water Tank.
Altar is the may have contained of Statue Of Buddha.
Sitabai'S Cave is the contains of Vetal Candi.
Sitabai'S Cave is the contains of Lotus Tree.
Sitabai'S Cave is the adjacent to of Prison Accommodation.
Sitabai'S Cave locates Granite Stones.
Granite Stones locates Buddhist Statues.
Granite Stones locates Building Resembling A Buddhist Temple.
Threats To Elephanta Caves identifys Human Settlement.
Threats To Elephanta Caves identifys Environmental Conditions.
Threats To Elephanta Caves identifys Port Area Growth.
Threats To Elephanta Caves identifys Natural Disasters.
Threats To Elephanta Caves identifys Unsustainable Tourism.
Threats To Elephanta Caves identifys Recreational Activities.
Threats To Elephanta Caves identifys Protection Of National Monument.
Conservation Of Elephanta Island addresss Legislation.
Conservation Of Elephanta Island addresss Archaeological Survey Of India (Asi).
Archaeological Survey Of India (Asi) establishs Aurangabad.
Archaeological Survey Of India (Asi) is the responsible for of Rock Formations.
Rock Formations stabilizes Protective Wall.
Rock Formations restores Cave 1.
Rock Formations excavates Cave 1.
Cave 1 surrounds Protective Wall.
Cave 1 improves Toilet Facilities.
Cave 1 improves Lighting.
Cave 1 constructs Flight Of Stairs.
Cave 1 establishs On-Site Office.
On-Site Office implements Management Plan.
Visitors is the visit of Cave 1.
Visitors is the access information from of Tourist Information Services.
Visitors is the attend of World Heritage Day.
Visitors is the attend of World Heritage Week.
Visitors is the attend of Rock Music Festival.
Unesco funds Management Plan Study.
Management Plan Study includes Recommendations.
Recommendations coordinates Asi.
Recommendations coordinates On-Site Office.
Recommendations coordinates Government Of India.
Recommendations manages Tourism.
Recommendations maintains Caves.
Recommendations maintains Environmental Protection Act.
Intach collaborates Archaeological Survey Of India (Asi).
Unesco collaborates Government Of India.