Kelly Clarkson is the record label of Rca Records.
Kelly Clarkson is the collaborator of Greg Kurstin.
Kelly Clarkson is the collaborator of Ronnie Dunn.
Kelly Clarkson is the collaborator of Reba Mcentire.
Kelly Clarkson is the collaborator of Trisha Yearwood.
Greg Kurstin is the student of Jaki Byard.
Greg Kurstin is the collaborator of Phil Spector.
Kelly Clarkson is the relationship of Brandon Blackstock.
Kelly Clarkson is the collaborator of David Kahne.
Greg Kurstin is the collaborator of David Gadson.
Greg Kurstin is the collaborator of Kevin Shirley.
Greg Kurstin is the collaborator of Roy Mccurdy.
Greg Kurstin is the collaborator of Bill Monroe.
Greg Kurstin is the collaborator of Joe Trapanese.
Kelly Clarkson is the collaborator of Cathy Dennis.
Kelly Clarkson is the collaborator of Livvi Jones.
Kelly Clarkson is the collaborator of Imogen Heap.
Christmas Card features Christmas Tour.
Christmas Tour plans Clarkson.
Christmas Tour cancels Clarkson.
Rca releases Wrapped In Red.
Rca is the exclusive release of Walmart.
Vinyl Lp is the limited release of Wrapped In Red.
White Christmas is the promotional single of Wrapped In Red.
Underneath The Tree premiers Clarkson.
Kelly Clarkson'S A Christmas Music Tale produces Hamish Hamilton.
Kelly Clarkson'S A Christmas Music Tale produces December 31, 2013.
Kelly Clarkson'S A Christmas Music Tale films Wynn Las Vegas.
Kelly Clarkson'S A Christmas Music Tale features Wrapped In Red.
Kelly Clarkson'S A Christmas Music Tale features Reba Mcentire.
Kelly Clarkson'S A Christmas Music Tale features Trisha Yearwood.
Nbc premiers Kelly Clarkson'S A Christmas Music Tale.
Ctv premiers Kelly Clarkson'S A Christmas Music Tale.
Nbc broadcasts Kelly Clarkson'S A Christmas Music Tale.
Ctv broadcasts Kelly Clarkson'S A Christmas Music Tale.
Nbc is the viewership : 5.31 million of Kelly Clarkson'S A Christmas Music Tale.
Nbc is the household rating : 3 of Kelly Clarkson'S A Christmas Music Tale.
Nbc is the adults 18-49 rating : 3 of Kelly Clarkson'S A Christmas Music Tale.
Nbc is the premiere broadcast on of Christmas Eve.
Nbc is the viewership : 5.31 million of Kelly Clarkson'S A Christmas Music Tale.
Clarkson performs Wrapped In Red.
Clarkson dresss Christmas Clothing.
Underneath The Tree performs Today Show.
November 28, 2013 performs Underneath The Tree.
December 2, 2013 performs Run Run Rudolph.
December 2, 2013 performs White Christmas.
Christmas In Lincoln Center performs My Favorite Things.
Clarkson performs The Hills.
December 4, 2013 performs The Hills.
Clarkson performs Ellen Degeneres Show.
December 6, 2013 performs Ellen Degeneres Show.
Clarkson performs Late Night With Jimmy Fallon.
December 12, 2013 performs Late Night With Jimmy Fallon.
December 14, 2013 returns Today Show.
December 14, 2013 performs Today Show.
Run Run Rudolph uses Commercial.
Underneath The Tree features Amazon.Com.
Underneath The Tree features Pants On Fire Hdx.
Clarkson headlines Miracle On Broadway.
Miracle On Broadway is the venue of Bridgestone Arena.
Miracle On Broadway features Reba Mcentire.
Miracle On Broadway features Trisha Yearwood.
Miracle On Broadway features Garth Brooks.
Miracle On Broadway features Ronnie Dunn.
Miracle On Broadway features Kacey Musgraves.
Miracle On Broadway features Hayley Williams.
Miracle On Broadway features Robin Esten.
Miracle On Broadway features Meghan Trainor.
Underneath The Tree services Radio Airplay.
November 23, 2013 services Underneath The Tree.
Underneath The Tree compares All I Want For Christmas Is You.
Underneath The Tree describes Contemporary Holiday Classic.
Underneath The Tree debuts Billboard Holiday Songs Chart.
Underneath The Tree is the topped for three consecutive weeks of Billboard Adult Contemporary Chart.
Underneath The Tree debuts Billboard Hot 100 Chart.
Underneath The Tree is the top ten hit of Official Canadian Hot 100 Chart.
Underneath The Tree is the top ten hit of Dutch Top 40 Chart.
Underneath The Tree is the top ten hit of Official Uk Singles Chart.
Underneath The Tree reports Usa Today.
Underneath The Tree reports Nielsen Media Research.
Wrapped In Red is the second single of Title Track.
November 23, 2014 services Title Track.
Wrapped In Red debuts Billboard Adult Contemporary Chart.
Wrapped In Red is the number one for week ending december 13 , 2014 of Billboard Adult Contemporary Chart.
Wrapped In Red receives Metacritic.
Wrapped In Red receives Allmusic.
Wrapped In Red describes Npr.
Wrapped In Red gives Chris Casarino.
Wrapped In Red gives Sarah Rodman.
Wrapped In Red gives Glenn Gamboa.
Wrapped In Red gives Melinda Newman.
Wrapped In Red lists Chris Klimek.
Wrapped In Red describes Jon Caramanica.
Wrapped In Red attributes Dave Bakula.
Album haves Liner Notes.
Album haves Singles.