Grammy Award For Best Concept Music Video presents Recording Artists.
Grammy Award For Best Concept Music Video presents 29Th Grammy Awards.
Grammy Award For Best Concept Music Video presents 30Th Grammy Awards.
Grammy Award For Best Concept Music Video presents Quality Performance Music Videos.
Grammy Awards presents National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences.
Grammy Awards presents United States.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences establishs Grammy Awards.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences begins Grammy Award For Video Of The Year.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences discontinues Video Of The Year Award.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences establishs Mtv Video Music Awards.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences establishs Best Video, Short Form.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences establishs Best Video Album.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences introduces Best Concept Music Video.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences introduces Best Performance Music Video.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences renames Best Music Video.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences renames Best Short Form Music Video.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences renames Best Long Form Music Video.
29Th Grammy Awards is the award winner for of English Rock Band Queen.
29Th Grammy Awards is the award winner for of Weird Al Yankovic.
30Th Grammy Awards is the nominee for of David Bowie.
30Th Grammy Awards is the nominee for of Kate Bush.
30Th Grammy Awards is the nominee for of English Rock Band Queen.
30Th Grammy Awards is the nominee for of David Lee Roth.
30Th Grammy Awards is the nominee for of Janet Jackson.
English Rock Band Queen features Land Of Confusion.
Weird Al Yankovic features Grease.
David Lee Roth features Day-In Day-Out.
Janet Jackson features The Hits Volume 1.
Janet Jackson directs Day-In Day-Out.
Janet Jackson directs Julien Temple.
Janet Jackson features Ronald Reagan.
English Rock Band Queen features Control.
David Lee Roth features Away From The Sun.
David Lee Roth features Kiss And Tell.
Janet Jackson features Control.
Janet Jackson receives Gold.
Genesis is the award winner as video director of Tony Banks.
Genesis is the award winner as video director of Phil Collins.
Genesis is the award winner as video director of Mike Rutherford.
Genesis is the award winner as art director of Jim Yukich.
Genesis is the award winner as art director of Christopher Nolan.
Genesis is the award winner as executive producer of Jon Stewart.
Hampton String Quartet features Get A Job.
George Michael features When We Were Young.
Talking Heads features Storytelling Giants.
Weird Al Yankovic features Bad.
Neil Diamond features This Note'S For You.
Neil Diamond references Pepsi Cola Commercial.
Weird Al Yankovic features Parade.
Weird Al Yankovic is the award winner as video director of Mike Levey.
Weird Al Yankovic is the award winner as video producer of Susan Zwerman.