Robert Wheeler is the spouse of Tessa Wheeler.
Robert Wheeler is the parent of Emily Wheeler.
Robert Wheeler is the parent of Amy Wheeler.
Robert Wheeler is the parent of Betty Wheeler.
Robert Wheeler is the parent of Michael Wheeler.
Robert Wheeler is the colleague of Sir Eric Ericson.
Robert Wheeler is the colleague of Tessa Verney.
Robert Wheeler is the influence of William Pitt Wheeler.
Robert Wheeler is the donor of Herbert Spencer.
Robert Wheeler is the colleague of William Foster.
Robert Wheeler is the historical figure of Boudica.
Britain is the residence of Wheeler.
Wheeler visits Cardiff.
Wheeler acknowledges John W. Carr.
Cardiff founds Plaid Wales.
Wheeler influences William Lloyd-Turner.
Wheeler works John Nash-Press.
Wheeler works Ian Malcolm.
Wheeler works Christopher Evans.
Wheeler admires Sir Flinders Petrie.
Wheeler accompanys Hilda Petrie.
King George V opens Britain.
Wheeler invites Harmon Fox.
Tessa is the biographer of J. H. Carrington.
William Reardon grants Britain.
William Reardon is the director of Museum.
Museum receives Britain.
Museum opens King George V.
Britain establishs British Museum.
British Museum appoints Wheeler.
Wheeler moves London.
Wheeler reorganizes London.
Wheeler writes London.
Wheeler elects Society Of Arts.
Wheeler suggests City Of London Corporation.
Wheeler supports Royal Archaeological Institute.
Wheeler takes University College London.
Wheeler is the taught by of Norman Piggott.
Wheeler curateds University College London.
Wheeler visits Middle East.
Wheeler is the married of Tessa.
Wheeler is the married of Tessa De Vere Gore.
Wheeler marrys Westminster Abbey.
Wheeler finds St. John'S Lodge.
St. John'S Lodge occupys University Of London.
William Hamilton, 1St Earl Of Athlone is the temporary home for of University'S Cultural Centre.
William Hamilton, 1St Earl Of Athlone describes Council Of Historical Research.
William Hamilton, 1St Earl Of Athlone describes Courtauld Institute Of Art.
William Hamilton, 1St Earl Of Athlone arranges British Museum.
William Hamilton, 1St Earl Of Athlone awards Oxford University.
William Hamilton, 1St Earl Of Athlone is the met and agreed to assist in writing about late roman and early medieval britain with of Winston Churchill.
British Museum is the focused excavation efforts on of France.
Leslie Scott assists France.
Leslie Scott conducts Brittany.
Leslie Scott investigates Fort D'Artus.
Leslie Scott is the in charge of excavation at roman hill fort of of Kercaradec.
British Museum begins France.
Winston Churchill requests Henry Wheeler.
Henry Wheeler participates Sicily.
Henry Wheeler resigns Society Of Archaeology.
Henry Wheeler is the rebuilt and prepared for new director of Society Of Archaeology.
Wheeler studys India.
Wheeler offers Chairman.
Wheeler offers Royal Commission On Ancient Monuments For India.
Wheeler takes Institute Of Archaeology.
Wheeler invites British Ministry Of Culture.
Wheeler agrees Pakistani Government.
Wheeler visits Pakistan.
Wheeler establishs National Museum Of Pakistan.
Wheeler establishs Pakistan Museums Association.
Wheeler collaborates Leslie Alcock.
Wheeler nominates Society Of Authors.
Wheeler awards Petrie Medal.
Wheeler invites Norton Lecture.
Wheeler delivers Archaeological Institute Of America.
Wheeler awards John Drexel Medal.
Wheeler is the impressed of Americans.
Wheeler is the former employees of recruited from of Geological Survey.
Wheeler is the sympathetic to ideas of of Minister Of Culture.
Wheeler authors One Hundred Years Of Pakistan.
Wheeler organizes Mohenjo-Daro.
Wheeler investigates Stanwick Iron Age Site.
Wheeler employs Ancient Monuments Branch.
Wheeler serves Ancient Monuments Commission.
Wheeler becomes Companion Of Honour.
Wheeler becomes Fellow Of The Royal Society.
Wheeler knows Television.
Wheeler invites Bbc.
Wheeler is the contestant on of Animal, Vegetable, Mineral?.
Wheeler appears Buried Treasure.
Wheeler presents City That Was Rome.
Wheeler presents Roman Britain.
Wheeler appears Culture Shock.
Wheeler acquires Obe.
Wheeler authors Archaeology From The Orient.
Wheeler authors Archaeology Of The Roman Empire.
Wheeler authors Buried Alive.
Wheeler authors Ancient India And China.
Wheeler writes The Dawn Of Civilization.
Wheeler writes History Of Great Britain.
Wheeler contributes Archaeology Of The World.
Wheeler gives J.W. Swan.
Wheeler is the undertook boat tour for of Hill And Swinford.
Wheeler leads Cadbury Castle.
Wheeler serves Archaeological Research Trust.
Wheeler serves Joint Committee On Archaeology At York University.
Wheeler becomes Museum.
Wheeler critiques British Museum.