Saint Leonard Catholic Church is the architecture style of Gothic Revival Style.
Saint Leonard Catholic Church locates Madison.
Madison locates Nebraska.
Nebraska locates United States.
St. Leonard'S Parish names Saint Leonard Of Saint Maurice.
William H. Nachtigall designs Saint Leonard Catholic Church.
John Joseph Barnes leads Madison.
John O'Connor assigns Saint Leonard Catholic Church.
Franciscan Friars cares Saint Leonard Catholic Church.
Joseph Darscheid draws Saint Leonard Catholic Church.
John J. Muenich hires St. Mary'S.
Elden Ryan celebrates Saint Leonard Catholic Church.
Presentation Sisters is the supported school of Saint Leonard Catholic Church.
Dominican Nuns is the taught students of Saint Leonard Catholic Church.
Ibp operates Madison.
Kraft Foods owns Madison.
Hispanic Population increases Madison.
Immaculate Conception relates Our Lady Of Guadalupe.
St. Joseph relates St. Joseph Of Saint Maurice.
Main Altar is the features of Hand-Carved Wood Altar.
Main Altar is the features of Last Supper.
Main Altar is the features of Marble Communion Table.
Main Altar is the features of Pulpit.
Pulpit is the features of Guardian Angel.
Pulpit is the features of Oil Lamp.
Pulpit is the features of Marble Statue Of Jesus.
Marble Statue Of Jesus is the features of Virgin Mary.
Marble Statue Of Jesus is the features of Apostle Andrew.
Pulpit is the features of St. Joseph.
Pulpit is the features of St. Patrick.
Pulpit is the features of Angels Blowing Trumpets.
Main Altar is the features of St. Patrick Statue.
Main Altar is the features of Descent From Heaven.
Descent From Heaven is the features of God The Father.
Descent From Heaven is the features of Son.
Descent From Heaven is the features of Throne.
Descent From Heaven is the features of Stained-Glass Window.
Stained-Glass Window is the features of Holy Spirit.
Stained-Glass Window is the features of Trinity.
Throne is the features of Virgin Mary.
Throne is the features of John The Baptist.
Throne is the features of Christ In Majesty.
Main Altar is the features of Kneeling Saints.
Main Altar is the features of Two Angels.
Stained-Glass Window is the features of St. Cecilia.
St. Cecilia is the features of Diocese Of Philadelphia.
Main Altar is the features of Loading Dock.
Rectory is the features of Italianate Style.
Rectory is the features of Greek Revival Details.
Rectory is the features of Mosaic Gray Brick.
Rectory is the features of Entrance Porch.
Entrance Porch is the features of Square Columns.
Square Columns is the features of Ionic Capitals.
Entrance Porch is the features of Latticework.
Rectory is the features of Hip Roof.
Hip Roof is the features of Wide Eaves.
Hip Roof is the features of Low Gables.
Church Garage is the features of Red Brick.
Church Garage is the features of Quarry.
Church Garage is the features of Stucco.
Church Garage is the features of Lead-Glass Window.