Kaimanawa Breed is the originates from of Kaimanawa Horses.
Kaimanawa Horses manages New Zealand Government.
Kaimanawa Horses is the live in of Environment.
Environment is the supports of Endangered Species.
Kaimanawa Horses is the influences of Climate.
Kaimanawa Horses knows Temperament.
Kaimanawa Horses is the exhibit of Behaviour.
Kaimanawa Horses is the exhibit of Habits.
Kaimanawa Horses is the well-formed of Head.
Kaimanawa Horses is the alert of Alert.
Introduced Horses descends Kaimanawa Horses.
Introduced Horses introduces New Zealand.
Introduced Horses introduces 19Th Century.
Introduced Horses introduces 20Th Century.
Feral Horses originates Kaimanawa Horses.
Feral Horses descends Introduced Horses.
Settlers uses Draft Animals.
Settlers hunts Meat.
Settlers hunts Wool.
Settlers hunts Hides.
Farming encroachs Habitat.
Logging encroachs Habitat.
Population declines Kaimanawa Horses.
Population is the 174 horses in of 1979.
Kaimanawa Horses purchases New Zealand Government.
Kaimanawa Horses purchases 1981.
Kaimanawa Horses is the 2576 horses in of 1994.
Military Training Area establishs Kaimanawa Horses.
Legislation applys Kaimanawa Horses.
Fictional Novel is the focus of of Kaimanawa Horses.
Gene Pool is the produces of Kaimanawa Breed.
Gene Pool is the produces of Variety.
Gene Pool is the produces of Shapes.
Gene Pool is the produces of Colors.
Kaimanawa Breed is the varies in of Body Types.
Kaimanawa Breed is the accepts any of Eye Color.
Kaimanawa Breed is the accepts any of Eye Shape.
Kaimanawa Breed is the good-fit of Fit.
Kaimanawa Breed is the heals of Wounds.
Kaimanawa Breed is the proportionate of Head Proportion.
Kaimanawa Breed is the proportionate of Hips.
Kaimanawa Breed is the influences of Parents.
Kaimanawa Breed is the long and slender of Body.
Kaimanawa Breed is the straight of Neckline.
Kaimanawa Breed is the short of Legs.
Kaimanawa Breed is the moderate of Girth.
Kaimanawa Breed is the short to medium of Tail.
Kaimanawa Breed is the range from rounded to well-rounded of Ears.
Kaimanawa Breed is the long and well-rounded of Legs.
Legs rounds Knees.
Legs is the slightly longer than front legs of Hind Legs.
Kaimanawa Horses is the mature one year after birth of Year.
Population Trends manages Kaimanawa Horses.
Population Trends develops Department Of Conservation.
Population Trends develops Management.
Population Trends reviews Public.
Population Trends argues Animal Rights Groups.
Trials is the held for of Kaimanawa Horses.
Working Group forms Kaimanawa Horses.
Working Group is the in charge of of Person.
Objectives is the set for of Kaimanawa Horses.
Objectives is the exploit of Habitats.
Objectives is the protect of Ecosystems.
Objectives is the prevent from entering of Forest Reserve.
Objectives is the prevent from entering of National Park.
Objectives is the not negatively impact of Endangered Species.
Objectives is the not harm of Ecosystems.
Objectives ensures Public.
Objectives is the prevent conflicts with of Land Owners.
Objectives is the maintain at sustainable level of Population.
Population Target sets Kaimanawa Horses.
Population Target increases 2009.
Population Target controls Horses.
Population Target protects Habitat.
Plant Species damages Kaimanawa Horses.
Plant Species is the contains vulnerable species of Habitat.
Plant Species is the contains rare species of Habitat.
Plant Species is the contains possibly-extinct species of Habitat.
Conservation Concern lists Kaimanawa Horse.
Conservation Concern compares Feral Animals.
Conservation Concern compares New Zealanders.
Conservation Concern compares Assateague Horses.
Conservation Concern compares 1-000 Animals.
Interaction is the high level with humans of Kaimanawa Horses.
Interaction is the result in population with fewer humans of Population.
Researchers is the from of Massey University.
Researchers is the study of Herd.
Researchers is the study of Genetics.
Genetics Study studys Kaimanawa Horses.
Genetics Study studys Social Structure.
Genetics Study is the with of Dominant Male.