usually , he would be tearing around the living room , playing with his toys .

but just one look at a minion sent him practically catatonic .

that had been megan 's plan when she got him dressed earlier .

he 'd seen the movie almost by mistake , considering he was a little young for the pg cartoon , but with older cousins , along with her brothers , mason was often exposed to things that were older .

she liked to think being surrounded by adults and older kids was one reason why he was a such a good talker for his age .

`` are n't you being a good boy ? ''

she said .

mason barely acknowledged her .

instead , his baby blues remained focused on the television .

since the movie was almost over , megan knew she better slip into the bedroom and finish getting ready .

each time she looked into mason 's face , she was grateful that he looked nothing like his father .

his platinum blond hair and blue eyes were completely hers .

it was only his build that he was taking after his father .

where megan was a diminutive 5'3 '' , davis was 6'1 '' and two hundred pounds .

mason was already registering off the charts in height and weight according to his pediatrician .

davis had seen mason only twice in his lifetime-the day he had been born and the day he came home from the hospital .

after that , he had n't been interested in any of the pictures and emails megan sent .

with his professional football career on the rise , davis had n't wanted to be shackled with the responsibilities of a baby .

instead , he wanted to spend his time off the field partying until all hours of the night .

he only paid child support when megan threatened to have his wages garnished .

she dreaded the day when mason was old enough to ask about his father .

she never wanted anything in the world to hurt him , and she knew that being rejected by his father would .

with a sigh , she stepped into the dress and slid it over her hips .

wrestling around to get the zipper all the way up caused her to huff and puff .

standing back from the mirror , she turned to and fro to take in her appearance .

she 'd always loved how the dress made her feel sexy , but at the same time was very respectable .

while it boasted a sweetheart neckline , the hemline fell just below her knees .

she put on her pearls-a high school graduation gift from her uncle aidan , or `` ankle '' , as she often called him .

aidan was her mother 's baby brother and only son of the family .

when she was born , he was only eight and a half .

as the first grandchild , megan spent a lot of time with her grandparents , and that in turn , meant she spent a lot of time with aidan .

he had devoted hours to holding her and spoiling her rotten .

when it came time for her to talk , she just could n't seem to get `` uncle aidan '' out .

instead , she called him `` ankle . ''

it was a nickname that had stuck with him even now that he was thirty-four and married .

while it had been no question that she wanted him as godfather for mason , she had been extremely honored when he and his wife , emma , had asked her to be their son , noah 's , godmother .

she loved her newest cousin very much and planned to be the best godmother she could for him .

as she stepped out of the bedroom , she found that mason had yet to move .

`` okay buddy , time to go . ''

when he started to whine , she shook her head .

`` we have such a fun day ahead of us .

it 's noah 's baptism , and then there 's a party at uncle aidan and aunt emma 's house . ''

`` beau ? ''

he asked .

she laughed .

`` yes , you 'll get to see and play with beau , too . ''

as she went to the couch and picked him up , she could n't help finding it amusing that out of everyone he was going to see today , he was most excited about being with aidan and emma 's black lab , beau .

one day when they had their own place again , she would get him a dog .

he loved them too much to be denied .

`` oomph , '' she muttered , as they started up the basement stairs .

`` heawy ? ''

he asked .

`` yes , you 're getting to be such a big , heavy boy . ''

when they made it to the kitchen , megan paused to catch her breath .

she only had a second before her mother breezed in with sean , and her youngest brother , gavin .

`` ready ? ''

she asked .

megan nodded .

feeling like she was once again a teenager , she filed behind her parents as they headed into the garage .

`` i want to drive , '' gavin said .

with a smirk , sean replied , `` like i 'm gon na let you drive my car . ''

he then slid into the driver 's seat as gavin reluctantly walked around to the passenger 's side .

`` we 'll see you there in just a few , '' her mother called .

sean acknowledged her with a two finger salute before cranking up and pulling down the driveway .