he anxiously drummed his fingers on the steering wheel .

he 'd tried not to pester megan with too many calls and texts , but after the tenth , `` how are you guys ? ''

text , she 'd told him to lighten up and get his head in the game at work .

that 's why he did n't even bother telling her he was on his way home .

as he pulled into the driveway , he noticed emma 's suv .

he was glad to know that megan had n't been alone without him .

when he pushed through the garage door into the kitchen , emma was at the stove .

`` hello , '' he called pleasantly .

whirling around , she gave him a beaming smile .

`` hello to you , too . ''

`` how are my girls ? ''

`` good .

they 've slept most of the day . ''

pesh nodded .

noticing how quiet the house was , he asked , `` where 's mason ? ''

`` patrick came by and got him , along with noah and caroline , a little while ago . ''

she cocked her head at pesh and grinned .

`` although he swore to me that he would n't ruin their dinner , i have a feeling they 're having ice cream right now . ''

pesh smiled at the mention of his son .

although he was n't mason 's biological father , the love he felt for him was just as strong as if he had been a part of his conception .

from the moment he 'd been able to adopt him , he had felt an even stronger bond than before , especially whenever he saw `` mason nadeen '' written on his pre-school paperwork .

more than anything , he relished being a father .

he had been forced to wait so long , while desiring it so hard , that it made it all the more sweeter .

because mason adored baseball , pesh had bought season tickets to the braves , rather than the opera .

even though pesh had never been athletically inclined , he signed up to help coach mason 's little league team as well .

every time he heard mason say `` daddy , '' it warmed his heart the same as it did to hear megan say `` i love you . ''

pesh eyed the dishes on the stove .

`` it 's awfully kind of you to come stay with megan on my first day back .

but we certainly did n't expect for you to cook . ''

`` it 's my pleasure .

besides , it kills two birds with one stone-i can feed my family and yours .

aidan 's coming by after work . ''

`` good .

i 'll be glad to see him . ''

as his gaze swept toward the living room , emma laughed .

`` go on .

you do n't have to stay here with me .

i know you want to see your girls . ''

he smiled .

`` thank you .

i have missed them terribly today . ''

after giving emma a quick kiss on the cheek , he made his way into the living room .

at the sight of megan sleeping on the couch next to a frilly pink pack n play , his chest swelled with so much love and pride he felt like it might explode .

peeking over the side of the pack n play , he eyed his dark-haired daughters .

after waiting so long to become a father , he had been doubly blessed when they found out they were having twins .

while aidan liked to claim that his fear of the twin gene in his family had bypassed him , and instead , it had found its way to megan , that was n't entirely true .

his girls were identical twins , which had nothing to do with old wives ' tales .

the two of them looked so much alike that megan put different colored socks on them to tell them apart .

although it had freaked megan out a little at the prospect of two babies to care for along with mason , pesh was thrilled .

every aspect of the pregnancy and birth had been special to him .

thankfully , megan had been blessed with great health , although she had been advised to take early maternity leave to stay off her feet .

after her clinicals , she had accepted a job in the er at wellstar , where they sometimes were on similar shifts .

the girls arrived only a few weeks short of their due date and were both healthy five pounders .

six weeks later , they were thriving and were the greatest joy in his life .

sucking relentlessly on her pacifier , maya 's wide eyes took in her surroundings .

she stretched and flailed her arms .

if she was n't careful , she was going to hit her sister .

since sara remained sleeping soundly , pesh bent over and picked maya up .

he kissed her cheek before drawing her close to his chest .

as he stared into her tiny face , he could n't help the surge of love that overtook him .

for all the years of struggle and heartache he had endured , it was moments like these that made him feel as though he was finally complete .

his heart was full , and he was so thankful .

once they learned they were having girls , he and megan had decided to give them both indian and irish names to represent their combined heritages .

maya , which meant princess and honorable in indian , was coupled with katherine , to honor emma , whose middle name was katherine .