in his arms and his wife 's , he had two daughters who he could n't wait to see what the future held for them .

he also had the love and support of good friends and family .

at the end of the day , true love in its many forms was all you could really hope for and cling to .

chapter 1 that 's it .

i 'm spanking her ass as soon as we get back to the house , right before i f**k her little ass into submission .

i watched with the other couple hundred thousand spectators as she gyrated her ass and flaunted what belonged to me for all to see .

yes , i know it 's her job as the newest and hottest pop sensation on the scene today , but we talked about this shit .

i have no problem with her performing , but there 's such a thing as going too far .

she 'd come out on the stage dressed conservatively enough in the floor length dress with the split up the middle to her crotch .

even that was a bit risque for my taste , but i could n't expect her to change everything overnight .

what i did n't expect , and what was now driving me insane , is the two piece bikini number she was now wearing after dropping the dress , or more to the point , after one of the male dancers had undressed her on stage .

no one sitting near me could tell that i was seething with rage .

i kept my face at ease and my slouch in the chair in the front row of the awards show was that of a man with nothing on his mind but enjoying the show .

by now everyone knew we were an item , the thirty-five year old business mogul , and the twenty -three year old pop sensation .

we 'd been able to keep our affair hidden for all of two months and that only because of my high security .

but now the cat was out of the bag and everyone was in our f**king business .

i was n't too worried about it , i just do n't like my personal life splashed across the headlines , but i guess it came with the territory .

i 'd seen her for the first time three months ago .

it was at a lingerie show of all things .

not my usual milieu , but my sister had dragged me along since her husband was away on business , and she did n't want to go it alone .

i 'd sat there prepared to be bored out of my mind for the next two hours or so .

i 've seen and had my fair share of models over the years , and they no longer appealed .

so imagine my surprise when she came on stage .

i had no idea who she was , but from the crowd 's reaction she was someone of note ; before she even opened her mouth to sing the place had gone insane .

it was her voice that caught my attention first , sultry and hot , with an old world flavor to it .

when i finally looked up at the stage , my breath had got caught in my lungs .

she was f**king magnificent .

i wondered how many of the men in the audience were focused on her instead of the scantily clad models as they made their way down the runway .

i know i spent the next three minutes or however long the song was , totally captivated by her .

i pulled my phone and cancelled my dinner date and essentially ended the six-month relationship i 'd been barely having with another woman .

i 'm a man of action , i 've learned in the cutthroat world of high finance that there 's no other way to be .

when i see something that i want , i go after it .

consequences be damned .

they had her name highlighted behind her on the stage so i used my phone to google her .

i needed to find out what moves i had to make to acquire her .

if she were married , i 'd step back .

that 's not my style .

anything else , she was fair game .

shiane ; she was twenty-three years old and had been heating up the charts for the last two with hit after hit since her debut .

she 'd only been linked with one guy in the past two years .

some on again , off again deal with a kid who was not much older than she .

they were having an off period ; perfect .

if i had anything to say about that , it would be a permanent thing , or until i 'd had my fill at least .

i 'm not one for long relationships .

i stay as long as they run their course and leave when they 've grown stale .

i have yet to find a woman who could hold my interest for more than a few months at a time .

and i always let them know up front what the deal is .

though it seemed women were always saying they were fine with it until the end came .

like cynthia , that night when i 'd called to tell her it was over .

it was n't the most conventional way to do things .

usually , i sent over one of tiffany 's little blue boxes to ease the blow , but there was no time , so i 'd have to do it the next day .

she started to get upset on the phone and i had to remind her of the words i 'd spoken on our first date .