she was n't too happy , but it will have to suffice .

as much of a bastard as i am , the thought of pursuing one woman while embroiled with another , just did n't suit me .

after the phone call , i 'd sat there and watched the anorexic looking clothe-horses as they pranced up and down the stage .

there was still a buzz about the hot little starlet who 'd just left the stage , and i smiled quietly to myself when i heard some ass behind me tell his friends that he was going to make his move .

the program said she had one more performance near the end of the show , so i sat patiently and waited .

when she came out the second time , i actually sat up in my seat .

my back was n't the only thing that went ramrod straight .

though i did n't appreciate the comments from the other men around me that night , i had to admit that she was f**king hot , as one of them had claimed .

she was dressed pretty much like one of the models ; only she 'd covered the panty and bra set with a see-through silk robe that did n't leave much to the imagination .

she outshone everyone there and it helped that she actually had a body .

she was all smooth curves , and her legs , i could already imagine being held between them as i f**ked her .

whether by providence , or fate , whatever you wan na call it , our eyes met , and in that split second i saw all i needed to know .

i do n't think anyone else caught the faltering misstep in her routine , or heard the catch in her voice , but so in tuned was i , that i did n't miss a thing .

chapter 2 i waited until her number was over and the last call for the models came through the pa. then i made my excuses to my sister , who thankfully , was involved in a conversation with the woman on her other side so was n't paying too much attention , and therefore was n't in my business .

`` i 'll be right back sis , there 's something i need to take care of .

i made my way backstage the way i do most things ; like i owned the place .

bypassing scantily clad women and harassed assistants , i avoided their hungry gazes as i kept my gaze peeled for that waterfall of cascading curls .

she was off to the side surrounded by a bevy of people who were trying to hustle her through a door to the back .

i made my way towards them and grabbed her elbow .

she looked back and up and in her eyes i saw acceptance .

she turned to the pushy woman next to her and whispered something before following me .

she did n't really have a choice as i had no intentions on releasing my hold on her .

as soon as i found an empty room , which turned out to be some sort of storage space , i did something i do n't recall having ever done before , but had been dying to for that last hour or so .

crowding her back against the door to keep it closed , i held her eyes as i lowered my head to hers .

licking across her lips , i found the taste of strawberries suddenly intoxicating .

i pushed one leg between hers and pulled her body in close as i fed her my tongue .

`` fuck you 're sweet . ''

i nibbled from her lips to her ear .

`` you 're coming home with me . ''

`` i ca n't i ... '' i buried my hands in her hair , pulling her head back .

`` whatever it is that you 're about to say wo n't make a difference .

feel this . ''

i pressed her hand against her own racing heart .

`` now feel this . ''

lifting her i pushed my c**k into the junction of her thighs where i could feel her hot pu**y through the silk of her clothing .

`` do you feel that ?

that means that no one and nothing is going to stand in the way of me having you .

we do n't have to f**k tonight , but you 're sleeping in my bed . ''

she seemed overwhelmed by my approach and rested her head against my chest .

i took the opportunity to call my sister and make my excuses .

`` sis , i 'm sending a car for you , something came up and i have to leave . ''

we said our goodbyes and i called my driver who was having an evening off since i 'd driven my sister here tonight .

he had no problem with the last minute call since he knew he 'd be handsomely compensated for the inconvenience .

`` let 's get out of here . ''

i do n't know how we escaped the glare of flashing cameras that night , but somehow we did .

i 'd covered her scantily clad body with my suit jacket and held her under my arm as we made our way to the valet parking where they 'd brought my bugatti around in less then five minutes .

i held her hand all the way to my home in the car .

there were no words spoken between us in the ten minutes or so it had taken for us to get there .

i could feel the racing of her pulse and see the apprehension in her eyes .

when i helped her out of the car in the underground garage , i pressed her up against the door and swallowed her tongue again .