she was young and fresh and so f**king sweet she made me ache .

i loved the way she rubbed herself against my cock , almost as if she could n't help herself .

`` i 'm going to enjoy having you under me shiane . ''

i took her hand and led her into the building , bypassing the bank of elevators to my own personal lift in the corner .

she kept her head down , maybe because she did n't want to be recognized by the doorman and security , or maybe because she was shy , i was inclined to believe it was the latter .

once we got to my penthouse , she seemed shy and unsure of herself .

i 'm not one to buy into preconceived notions .

there 's been plenty written about me in the tabloids over the years that bears no resemblance to the truth , and though i had n't come across anything inflammatory about her in my little impromptu search , i was sure she dealt with her fair share of bullshit .

i also had to take into consideration her age .

she was young yet , for all that she was world travelled and famous , sometimes those things could hide a multitude of things .

like the fact that her shyness and hesitance was not contrived .

my first order of business was to put her at ease .

walking over to where she stood in front of the door as if ready to escape at a moment 's notice , i took my jacket from around her shoulders .

i kept my eyes on her bent head until i threw the jacket in the general direction of the chair in the corner .

then lifting her chin with the tip of my finger , i looked into her eyes .

`` you have nothing to fear here ; it 's like i said , we do n't have to f**k each other tonight .

i can maybe hold off until tomorrow , but i want you in my bed , in my arms .

what i saw tonight , i would be a fool to waste any time . ''

`` um , what 's your name ? ''

i threw my head back and laughed uproariously .

i 'm such a beast .

i had n't even introduced myself .

it 's a wonder she had n't run away screaming bloody murder .

`` i 'm trace mckenzie . ''

her eyes widened a bit at my name and led me to my next question .

`` you know my name ? ''

`` everybody knows who you are , do n't they ? ''

`` i do n't know about everyone , but maybe a good few do .

can i get you something to drink ?

what do you usually do after a performance , which was magnificent by the way . ''

`` i usually have warmed lemon and honey with a glass of water .

it helps keep my throat soothed , but i do n't expect you to have that stuff here , so it 's okay . ''

she bit her lip and looked down at her feet even more shy now .

very endearing .

i walked over to the in house phone and called down to have them go pick me up what she needed from the all-night market a few blocks over .

`` that 's taken care of .

it should be here in a few .

why do n't we go out onto the patio and relax until they get here ? ''

i took her elbow and led her outside where the stars were putting on a show in the night sky .

i was amazed at my control , everything in me wanted in her now .

but somehow , i knew this , whatever it was between us would n't be rushed .

i quirked my brow at my thoughts .

i 'm not one for patience and i 'd be the first to admit it .

she moved to sit in the chair next to mine , but i had other ideas .

pulling her down into my lap , i did n't give her time to protest before my lips were covering hers again .

i could n't seem to get enough of her taste .

she was wearing the same silk robe and underwear she 'd worn on stage and her body 's heat seared me .

by the time the bell chimed announcing the arrival of her delivery , my hands were buried in her beautiful hair and my c**k was digging into her hip .

i sat her in the seat a little dazed and went to answer the door .

in the kitchen i prepared the concoction for her and had a weird sense that i was going to be doing that a lot in the future .

that 's something else i never pay too much attention to , the future .

i usually let the chips fall where they may .

`` here love , i hope it 's the way you like it . ''

she took the tumbler from me and sipped .

`` umm , perfect thanks trace . ''

i hunkered down in front of her and she stopped with the glass halfway to her lips .

i held her eyes as i tried to form the words in my head .

`` do you have any upcoming engagements planned ? ''

`` i have three weeks until my next show , i do n't go on tour for another couple of months and i just wrapped up in the studio a few days ago . ''

`` then the next three weeks are mine .

let 's go to bed tomorrow is going to be a long day . ''