i took the empty glass from her and led her inside .

she was back to being nervous which was totally understandable .

`` the bedroom 's through there with an en suite bath if you 'd like .

i 'll find you something to sleep in . ''

she walked on in the direction i 'd pointed out while i turned for the kitchen .

when i made it back to the bedroom she was in the shower .

it took everything i had in me not to go after her .

the night sure was turning into one for the books .

i 've never brought a woman home for the sole purpose of just having here there .

she came out fifteen minutes later and i fought the kick in my heart .

she looked like a teenager with her hair brushed out around her shoulders and her face bare of makeup .

i walked over and unwrapped the towel she had clutched in her fist .

`` fuck me , it 's gon na be a long f**king night . ''

she was perfection .

her tits , which for some reason had been hidden in the robe were magnificent , i would say a dd or close , with pale pink ni**les that almost blended into the rest of her flesh .

her waist was tiny , i could easily span it with my hands and her hips had a nice flare to them .

all woman and now all mine .

it was topped off with a homegrown beauty that you never see these days .

pink flesh with a hint of a tan on her cheeks , and the cutest sprinkling of freckles across her perfectly upturned nose .

`` i see you 're a real blonde . ''

her whole body lit up with her blush at my mention of the strip of hair over her pu**y mound .

i kissed the top of her head as i passed her the tee shirt i 'd chosen for her to sleep in .

another first , i usually avoided too much familiarity with the women i dealt with .

having her sleep in my favorite old college shirt was very telling in deed , but we 'll see how this plays out .

`` i 'll be right out sweetie , you can watch tv until i 'm done or if you 're tired go to sleep . ''

i left her standing there and went to my own shower before i went back on my word and threw her to the ground and f**ked her the way i imagined .

i barely avoided rubbing one out in the shower ; just let the water beat down on me as cold as i could stand it , cooling me down a little .

when my felt the slight ping in my heart i held my hands out to wall and hung my head as the water cascaded down on me .

i knew what was happening to me , knew it down to my bones , should i fight it or let it take its natural course ?

i 'd never felt threatened before , in all my years of playing the filed , there was never a time when my bachelorhood was in danger .

it was too early yet , or at least that was the crutch i held onto as i turned the water off and stepped out of the marble shower stall .

wrapping a towel around my hips and grabbing another i walked into the bedroom to find her asleep .

my new baby was tired .

i stood over her , taking in the softness of her beauty in sleep .

i wonder how many people had ever seen this side of her .

i had a brief stab of jealousy at the thought of the boy she 'd been linked with .

i ran my fingers gently through her hair , going softly so i did n't awaken her .

i shook my head at myself after i leaned over and kissed her hair .

`` so f**king beautiful . ''

i whispered the words in her ear before heading to the closet for some boxer shorts .

no sleeping in the buff tonight , i 'd changed the game plan somewhere between seeing her on that stage and handing her that tee shirt .

i was treading unchartered waters here , so we 'll play it by ear , but there 's always been one constant with me throughout my lifetime .

i always play to win .

i could n't help drawing her into my arms when i finally crawled into bed .

she just cuddled into my chest and settled , just like this kitten i once had as a child .

what the f**k ?

i have n't thought of my f**ked up childhood or anything to do with it in a long time .

i looked down at the head on my chest and felt fear for the first time in my life , or at least for the first time in forever .

what was i to do with this new thing that was growing inside of me ?

i have no notion of how to deal with love and all its trappings .

i 'm man enough to own my feelings , but logical enough , grounded enough not to believe in love at first sight .

but this whatever it was that had hit me from out of left field , was a close second .

i fell asleep with the thought of what tomorrow might bring for us .

first time in thirteen years , that i did n't close my eyes with a spreadsheet running through my head .

chapter 3 in the morning my eyes popped open to land on hers as she looked up at me from her place on my chest .