i sat up with her still in my lap and rolled out of bed , headed for the shower .

shiane i ca n't believe i 'm doing this .

nothing like this has ever happened to me before , but when i 'd looked into his eyes last night while on stage , there was something there that called to me , what that was i still was n't sure , but somehow i knew i would be a fool to let it pass .

i would 've gone on as usual if he had n't approached me , i 'm not bold enough to have sought him out .

but now that i was here i was n't sure of my moves .

i 've only ever been with one guy , someone i met when i first started my music career .

i 'd saved myself all through high school , holding out for that special someone .

and then after i 'd been discovered , i 'd been too busy in the studio and with other engagements to think about a relationship .

i 've never been into the casual scene , so when i met donnie , i 'd thought i 'd found my soul mate .

someone i could spend my life with .

that was before i 'd overheard him making plans to hook up with someone else .

that day was the lowest point of my life .

when i 'd confronted him after coming out of the bathroom unexpectedly and overheard him , he 'd grown angry .

angry enough to hit me for questioning him ; then he 'd filled me in on the truth .

he 'd only been with me because it was good for his career .

he thought that being linked to the hottest new number on the music scene would open doors for him , which it did .

he called me a stupid little farm girl with rose-colored glasses .

as he put it , everyone was doing it ; it was known part of the business .

people f**ked one another to get ahead .

when i 'd stupidly told him i thought we would get married like we 'd talked about he 'd laughed in my face .

it was then that my love had started to die .

it did n't die completely until news of our split got out and i learned that this was n't the first time he 'd cheated , and that everyone thought i knew .

apparently they thought i was doing the same .

i was never so humiliated in my life , all our friends , if you can call them that ; had known .

i 'd slipped out of the spotlight for a while until my management told me i had to appear with the snake for publicity sake because of prior agreements and the album we 'd collaborated on together .

so for a few months the world thought we were an item again .

it was hard , especially when he cornered me one day after rehearsal and said we could just pick up where we left off , i was an okay f**k after all .

i did n't even know this person .

all i could do was walk away in disgust .

since then he 'd called me a few times , he knew i was n't seeing anyone and since he 'd been my first somehow this little farm girl should just overlook his infidelity and turn a blind eye , because according to him i was never going to find better , because everybody in the business cheats .

now here i am , not even a month later doing something i never thought in a million years i would ever do .

when i opened my eyes this morning and saw him there , his face relaxed in sleep , so perfectly handsome .

the first thing that caught my attention was the tattoos on his chest and arms .

the business suit sure had n't prepared me for that , or for what i was sure was a piercing in his cock .

of course i knew who he was , everyone did , the self-made billionaire who 'd come from nothing .

his story was told far and wide in all circles .

a male cinderella story if you will .

from what i remember his parents had been poor , from some place in the midwest .

he 'd boxed in high school and gained a scholarship to an ivy league university where he 'd continued his boxing career but had focused more on his studies .

then he 'd invented some game software and used the money from that to start his own securities firm .

they called him the wonder kid of wall street .

though kid was n't exactly accurate .

he put me down in the bathroom long enough to start the shower before he turned back to me and lifted the worn tee shirt over my head .

i was embarrassed as he pulled my panties down my thighs and when i stepped out of them and he picked them up and brought them up to his face , i thought my body would go up in flames .

his eyes held mine as he lowered them and then he was pulling me back into that hard chest of his again and our mouths mated .

he dropped his shorts while our tongues were playing tag and turned me towards the huge marble stall .

no words were spoken as he soaped up his hands and washed by body .

his hands glided over me , slowly , taking his time as he touched my body , as though he were paying homage .

`` i love your body baby , so f**king much . ''