he seemed hypnotized with by my chest , which until the look in his eyes , had always been a source of embarrassment for me .

they were just too ... everything .

but that way he touched them made me feel beautiful .

`` get up here . ''

he picked me up so that my legs went around his waist and his mouth covered mine once more as my now slippery body slid all over his chest .

i feel the hardness of his c**k pressing into my ass up to the small of my back .

i had a moment 's pause at the length of him .

there was no way that thing would ever fit inside me .

`` we have to stop baby . ''

he took a few more nibbles of my lips before letting me slip down his body .

we finished our shower after he 'd passed me the soap to return the favor .

my heart all but flew out of my chest as i ran my hands over his beautiful chest .

my face heated up as i leaned over and kissed his chest and i felt a sense of power when his body shook .

he turned off the water and led me out of the shower .

grabbing a towel he dried me before going to a door in the bathroom that led to a closet of sorts .

he came back with a long silk robe that obviously belonged to him , and one for himself .

downstairs in the kitchen he kissed me once more before seating me on a stool at the island and turning to the fridge .

`` an omelet okay princess ? ''

`` yes , sounds great . ''

princess , how did he know that i 've always wanted someone to call me that ?

he could n't have , so that was just another sign that there was something going on here that went beyond the obvious .

he plated the omelets and sat down across from me after pouring us both cups of coffee from his state of the art coffee maker .

i studied the kitchen for something to so instead of staring at his chest that was exposed by the gap in his robe .

i could stare at it all , or his beautiful face with those cerulean blue eyes that seemed to darken whenever he looked at me .

`` today is saturday , monday morning we 're going to my private doctor to have tests done .

not that i think you 're unsafe , this is for both of us .

when i take you there will be nothing between us and i want you to be comfortable with the fact that i 'm clean as well . ''

`` i see from the gossip rags that you 've only had one serious relationship since you came onto the music scene , tell me about that . ''

i laid my fork down and folded my arms around my middle .

`` what do you want to know ? ''

`` everything . ''

it almost sounded like a growl .

i kept my head down ; surely this was a bit personal for two people who 'd only just met ; more personal than cumming all over him and he you you ninny ?

i blushed at the memory and felt my body shudder .

i almost jumped out of my skin when his finger lifted my chin .

`` now 's not the time to think about what i can and will do to you sweetie , we need to clear some things up first ; eat your breakfast . ''

i told him about meeting donnie , about my childhood in the southwest and the life i 'd left behind to follow my dream of becoming a singer , the years of hard work before the payoff .

the supportive family who was still very much a part of my life and whom i stayed in contact with by weekly phone calls and skype chats .

of course i left out the most embarrassing details of my messy break-up with donnie .

no one outside our circle knew the real reason behind the break , but i knew it was only a matter of time before that was no longer a secret .

but somehow i could n't find it in me to tell this virile man who looked at me like i was the hottest sex object on the planet , that i had been such an abject failure ; or that i had been such a gullible , green fool .

`` did you love him ? ''

i looked up at him then , there was something in his voice , something i could n't quite place but it sounded menacing somehow .

i swallowed hard before i answered him .

`` i thought i did , but now i 'm not sure what i was feeling .

maybe i was caught up in the excitement of my new life and he was the first interesting guy to ever pay me any attention , or the first one that i noticed anyway . ''

`` do you two still stay in touch ? ''

`` no , only if we 're working on one of our songs or something that calls for us to work together in a professional capacity . ''

`` and how often does that happen ? ''

`` we just did an album together .

it was finished just before we broke up .

we might have to perform the songs together at awards shows and things like that in the future , i 'm not sure of anything right now though . ''

`` that 's something we 'll have to deal with , something you should know before we go any farther .