i 'm a very territorial about my possessions .

i do n't share shiane , not ever . ''

`` i find myself in new territory here though , because i 've never cared about a woman 's past before , never cared how many partners she had before me .

with you i find that i hate this boy for having had you .

it 's silly i know , since you know of me , then you know that i 've not been a monk myself .

i do n't know why i should feel this way , it just is . ''

i did n't say anything to that , what was there to say ?

like he said i 'd read of his exploits along with the rest of america .

he was a known lady 's man .

not necessarily a skirt chaser , it seems they were usually the ones doing the chasing .

none of his encounters if i remember correctly had ever lasted more than a few months at the most .

is that what he was after now ?

because if it was , as much as i felt that strong pull for him , i do n't think i was ready for a fling .

something of my inner thoughts must 've shown on my face because he brought my attention back to him with his next words .

`` stop worrying , like i told you , whatever was in the past is just that , the past . ''

could i ask him outright what his intentions were , or would he find the question gauche and immature ?

that as something else donnie had accused me of .

he 'd said that my ideals were old and outdated .

apparently it was against the new social norm to actually want to have a meaningful relationship that lasted longer than the time it took to scratch an itch .

`` you said there were some things that we needed to clear up before we went any farther , well i think you should know i 'm not into casual flings , i ... '' `` i think i got that princess . ''

he did n't say anything else for the longest while , just studied me over his coffee mug .

`` i do n't know where this is going , not exactly , but i do know there is n't going to be anything casual about it .

chapter 4 trace i did n't take her home until later that evening .

i 'd turned her phone off at about noon after it had rung for the tenth time in half an hour .

i had her send off a quick text to her assistant so that they knew she was alive and that was it .

she seemed a bit panicked at first and i knew the feeling , since i 'd once been synced with my phone and any form of communication , until i 'd learned to compartmentalize .

we spent the time getting to know each other , when i was n't kissing her .

i did n't risk getting too hot and heavy with her again , because i did n't trust myself to stop .

when i take her i want to feel her pu**y around my cock .

i have never in my life f**ked a woman without some kind of protection and definitely not without a condom .

i did n't look too deeply at my reasons for wanting to do it with her .

all i know is that the memory of her on that stage the night before , the jolt that had gone through me when our eyes connected , was something that i was n't willing to brush aside .

i 've spent my life following my gut and hunches that others had scoffed at , only to come out on top .

this just might be the biggest f**king hunch i ever play in my life .

if the beautiful girl that was sitting on my lap in my living room , dressed only in one of my robes , knew the thoughts that were going through my head i 'm not sure she would n't have been looking for the nearest exit .

everything about her called to something in me , something i had n't known was there .

by the time i took her home to her apartment on the other side of the park i was second guessing myself .

outside her apartment i looked for a parking spot .

`` you do n't have to walk me up you know , i 'm perfectly safe here . ''

`` no deal princess , i 'm contemplating turning around and taking you back home , the only reason i 'm not is because you do n't have anything to wear and i 'm sure you have stuff to take care of .

but i 'm coming up with you .

i 'm not ready for our first date to be over just yet .

she blushed and smiled and reached over to kiss me but then seemed to think better of it .

so i was the one who held her head and pulled her the rest of the way .

if there were any cameras around i did n't care in that moment .

though i understood her concerns , she 'd explained about how precious her privacy had become since she 'd found stardom , how the simplest thing like running out for a carton of milk had now become a monumental task .

that was something else i was going to have to take care of .

i was n't sure from what she 'd said , what kind of security detail she had on a daily basis .

i mean look how easy it had been for me to get to her and literally take her out of their hands .