on top of her own star status , being linked with me might put her even more in the spotlight , so i was gon na have to take care of that first thing .

i helped her out of the car and through the doors .

she was wearing a pair of my jeans rolled at the ankles and around the waist , but of course she 'd made it look like a fashion statement .

we made it up to her apartment with no interruptions and i was still holding her hand .

i loved the look of her place , it was open space and airy with windows all around with a view of the park and a bit of the city skyline .

it was nothing like mine , but it was n't shabby either .

i saw little touches of her here , in the bright colors and soft throw pillows that she seemed to have a fondness for .

she was back to being shy again but at lease it seemed to stem more from what i thought of her place this time .

we 'd spent the day practically locked together in every way but one , so most of her reticence had melted away somewhat .

`` i like it .

grab some stuff you 're coming back with me . ''

`` you ... i thought you said you were brining me home to take care of stuff and you 'll see me on monday ? ''

i looked down at her as she turned that little innocent face up to me .

`` i did say that baby , but i changed my mind .

i 'm not ready for us to be apart . ''

i had the fleeting thought that i may never be ready for that again , but squashed it .

`` do you need help packing ? ''

i thought i saw a bit of a smile touch the corners of her lips before she shook her head no .

`` can i at least check my messages first ? ''

`` sure . ''

she walked over to the machine and hit play as she dropped into a chair .

i walked over to the bank of windows with my hands stuffed in my pockets .

the first few messages were just business as usual , but then coming onto the end there was some guy , maybe her manager who seemed very irate that he could n't get ahold of her .

`` i thought you said you did n't have anything plan for the next little while ? ''

`` i do n't that 's just carl 's way , he likes to know where i am at all times . ''

`` hmm . ''

it sounded like a bit more than that to me , but i let it got for now .

i 'm a grown man , so that means when she 's with me this carl person could go f**k himself , because i did n't need anyone keeping tabs on me .

there was nothing else worrying on there and she headed into her bedroom to pack after offering me a drink , which i turned down .

i just wanted out of there and back home as soon as possible .

somehow i felt easier with her in my bed , behind my walls .

she came back out with an overnight bag and dressed in a pair of her own jeans and a pullover .

i took the bag and with her hand in mine headed for the door .

monday morning i had to go in early to the office , so i eased her out of my arms and went to the shower .

she was still out by the time i was dressed and ready to go so i leaned over the bed and kissed her awake .

`` hmmm . ''

she sighed into my mouth as she awakened with my tongue in hers .

i ended up sitting on the side of the bed and pulling her into my lap for a longer kiss .

truth is i hated the thought of leaving her .

the last two days had been like none i 'd ever shared and we had n't even left the house except to go to her place .

we 'd spent all day sunday lazing around in bed reading the paper , talking or making out .

i 'd already called my doctor and made the appointments adding pressure for him to rush the results which he assured me can be done .

`` i 'll see you in a couple hours princess , the car will come and get you around ten thirty , okay ? ''

i kissed her nose when she nodded against my chest and got up to leave .

i did n't look back at her there in my bed in my old ratty tee shirt , i was sure i would n't want to leave her if i did .

when it was time to send the car for her i changed my plans and instead of meeting her there i went after her myself .

she was putting on her shoes when i came through the door and when she saw me standing there , f**k me if her whole face did n't light up and she made a running leap and jumped into the arms i had opened for her .

`` hey beautiful , you missed me ? ''

she sniffed my neck and nodded before i pulled her head around for my lips to find hers .

`` we 'd better go , john promised me that if we did this early he could possibly get us the results by end of day today and i 'm afraid if we do n't i 'm gon na f**king explode . ''