i pulled her down just enough for her to feel the evidence of my need .

i had no doubts that she was clean and i was sure that i was , but somehow i wanted this , wanted us to start things off on the right foot .

i ignored the little voice in my head that told me there was an ulterior motive behind my actions .

there was no way i was thinking along those lines , no way in hell .

shiane i wondered if he was always this attentive , or if as with all things new , this would change once he got what he wanted .

will he start taking advantage of me as time went on ?

he was like no other man i 'd ever known , except for maybe one .

i 'd seen my dad treat my mom like a precious gem my whole life .

it 's where i 'd got my dream of a prince charming .

not from any storybook , but from the way i 'd seen my dad look at mom when he thought no one else was looking .

or the way she was always looking to him when things went south .

they 'd taught me to want that bond , to hold out for that and nothing less .

trace seemed to have that in him , but i 'd been burnt once and my heart was a little gun shy .

it had only been a few weeks since it was shattered after all .

but here i was with sweaty palms and weak knees over this guy that i barely knew .

the weekend had been the best one i 'd had in a long time .

in fact i have n't felt that relaxed since the last time i 'd taken a trip home .

neither of us seemed ready for the intrusion of the world just yet .

we wanted to enjoy getting to know each other without all the speculation and other nonsense that came with stardom .

downstairs there were two men in suits who looked like they 'd never smiled a day in their lives .

`` this is your security , i 'm sure you have some already for business purposes , but these two are from me .

they 'll shadow everywhere when i 'm not with you .

my eyes widened at that .

`` is that really necessary ?

i 'm not that big of a star yet i do n't think . ''

i tried laughing it off as he introduced me to the two and pulled me out the doors behind him .

`` this has nothing to do with your status , it 's for my peace of mind . ''

i started to wonder if this was something he 'd done for all the women in his past and why that should make me jealous .

he squeezed my hand and looked down at me .

`` no , you 're the first . ''

`` how did you know what i was thinking ? ''

`` i told you , the weekend was about getting to know each other , i picked up a few things . ''

he smirked as he helped me into the back of the town car .

i 'd told him of my fear of needles so he held my hand and talked to me while the doctor and the nurse did their thing , before having his taken care of .

it did n't take that long and soon we were back in the car .

`` i 'm taking you to the office for a quick tour and then it 's lunch .

we 'll go somewhere that i 'm sure we 'd be left alone , i 'm not quite ready to share us yet . ''

i rested my head on his shoulder and squeezed his hand that was still holding onto mine .

i think he must 've planned this and warned everyone in the building not to give me the star treatment because i saw a lot of interested looks from his employees , but no one said anything more than a friendly hello .

it was great .

lunch was in a private room in one of the city 's more upscale restaurants where there were more a list stars than i 'd ever seen in one place at once except maybe an awards show .

i was the one star-struck .

`` is that ... ? ''

`` yes it is . ''

i must 've said that a hundred times before we were seated .

i craned my neck to see into the other room and he laughed at me .

`` you 're so cute .

they 're looking at you and you 're in awe of them . ''

`` i 'm pretty sure they 're all wondering who i am , it 's you they 're looking at . ''

i was n't sure i was too far off the mark , most of them were starlets and they might 've given me the once over , but their attention was definitely on him .

i could n't blame them .

what he did for a suit should be illegal .

and to think that what was underneath was even more mouth wateringly spectacular .

chapter 5 trace i sent her home in the car and went back to work , my mind on the results and how soon i can have them in my hands .

i almost called john when the hours had drifted by and still no phone call .

by the end of day when it was almost time to call it quits , the messenger showed up with the envelopes .

i had no compunction about tearing into hers and reading the results .