she seemed nervous as she served me , and then herself .

i closed my eyes with the first taste of the succulent lamb .

`` wow , where did you learn to cook like this ? ''

`` my mom taught me and i love watching the cooking channel , you really like it ? ''

i took another bite and it was good as the first .

nodding my head i leaned over and pecked her lips .

`` it 's amazing princess , wow . ''

i kept the conversation light over dinner , asking her more about life on tour and what she enjoyed most about her fame .

as far as i could tell she was more interested in the singing than anything else .

`` um , trace , you were n't serious about that ovulating thing were you ? ''

i 'd almost forgotten about that , still was n't quite sure what had possessed me to think of it much less say it .

but now that she 'd asked me outright ... `` as a matter of fact i am .

it 's crazy i know , and if one of my colleagues had come to me with this story i would tell him he 's crazy .

i have no explanation for it , the reality is that from the moment i saw you up on that stage something inside me shifted . ''

`` i find myself reverting back to childhood , to a time when i had to scrounge for every scrap i wanted or needed .

when i became successful , i promised myself that i 'd never go hungry again , and not just for food , but for any of those things i 'd longed for as a child , or anything my heart may desire as an adult . ''

`` you 're the first thing my heart 's ever desired .

i 've known wants before do n't get me wrong , but this , this is different .

this goes beyond my own comprehension .

like i told you before , this past weekend was about getting to know each other and i 've gotten to know you .

you would n't have come home with me had you not felt some of what i was feeling .

i also know that you 're more about hearth and home than the night life . ''

i did n't tell her that i knew that 's why she 'd stayed with the ass**le who 'd ended up cheating on her .

i 'd done some research after she was less than forthcoming about the reason for their split .

it was n't a known fact as yet but i had my ways of finding out things .

i wo n't tell her that i knew though ; it was her story to tell if and when she was ready .

i did know that if i ever ran into the little prick , i was gon na beat the crap out of him for putting his hands on her though .

it did n't matter that i did n't even know her when it happened , it 's just the way i am , or at least it 's the way i seem to be where she 's concerned .

`` but a baby ?

we hardly even know each other . ''

`` i do n't think that whatever is going on here has anything to do with time and convention .

either way , it 's nothing to worry about now .

what 's done is done , and if it is n't , i 'm gon na make damn sure that it is .

the only problem is your upcoming tour , but i 'm sure people have performed while pregnant before . ''

`` do you know how crazy this all sounds ? ''

i shrugged my shoulders at her .

i thought it was crazy too in the beginning so i could n't fault her for having her own doubts .

it was crazy when you looked at it , but it 's what i felt and well ... `` i 'm sure there have been people who got married after only one day of meeting or maybe two .

i 'm even more sure that there are people who get pregnant after just one meeting .

look at this way ; at least we both know where we stand .

if the last few hours are anything to go by , we want each other more than a little bit and the bottom line is princess .

i want you , in my life , with me , no matter what .

so baby or no baby , you 've met your future , so i suggest you get used to the idea . ''

`` what if i had other plans ? ''

`` like i said , i 've gotten to know you , and all that aside , this is what i want baby .

as time goes on you 'll find that i never let anything stand in my way , nothing and no one .

dinner was delicious why do n't you go find us something to watch while i clean up ? ''

chapter 6 shiane i guess the conversation was over and what a strange one at that .

i headed out of the kitchen on wobbly legs for the tv room to find something to watch , though i really did n't have much interest .

my mind was awhirl with all the new things that were going on in my life .

in the space of a few short days , it seems my life had been turned upside down .

i find myself doing things that were totally outside the box for me .

but this latest was a lot to take in , though the thought of it made me hot .