trace was right .

i 've always only ever wanted to be a mother and a wife .

i 'd thought i would have that life with donnie , but was it possible to have it with this man that i 'd only just met ?

what if he was just saying these things because like he 'd said , he 'd come to know me and knew that 's just what i wanted to hear ?

how was it possible that he could want me like that after a chance meeting ?

i 'd spent some time today looking for any and everything i could find about him on the net .

the one thing that stood out except for his success as a businessman , was the fact that he had a different woman every couple of months .

had he used this same line on them ?

somehow , he did n't strike me as the type .

still , i had another worry .

the things he 'd made me feel .

how will i live without them if this was all just a game to him ?

he 'd made me feel things i never knew were in me .

my body has never reacted this way before , and even though his size was a little uncomfortable , the pain was more a pleasure-pain than a real hurt .

i felt myself creaming just thinking about it .

could a man really make love to a woman that much without some kind of feeling involved ?

what if it was just lust ?

i 'd seen pictures of some of the women he 'd dated in the past and i have to say some of them were drop dead gorgeous , including the last one he 'd been seen with a couple weeks ago .

the though caused me a moment 's doubt and i thought if ways to shield my heart this time , but i was afraid i might be too late .

he 'd taken me over completely , something i had no experience with .

i had n't the faintest idea how to handle a man like trace mckenzie .

he was way out of my league .

i heard him coming and searched through the stack of movies he had for something to watch .

`` what 's wrong ? ''

he came up behind me and wrapped his arms around me from behind .

`` what makes you think something 's wrong ? ''

i looked over my shoulder at him trying to put a brave face on .

`` i was n't sure when i first came in but now i 'm certain it 's all over your face . ''

he pulled me towards the couch and down on his lap with his arms holding me close .

for some reason i wanted to cry ; he 's been so kind and attentive in the time that we 'd been together , what if it were all a farce ?

i had no idea that i 'd started to cry until i felt his fingers wiping my cheeks dry .

`` tell me what 's bothering you sweetheart . ''

i could only shake my head and cry harder as i buried my face in his chest .

`` please do n't play games with me trace , i ca n't stand it if you 're just using me for some sick game ... '' i broke off when he lifted my face to his .

`` baby !

i forgot you do n't know that much about men , only that boy you were messing around with .

let me show you something . ''

he stood up and took my hand in his , leading me out of the room and into the bedroom .

standing me in front of the floor-length standing mirror , he removed my robe , dropping it to the floor , as i stood before him naked .

`` you see those marks all over your neck and tits ?

do you know what those are called ? ''

`` hickeys ? ''

`` that 's one word for it , they 're also known as passion marks .

i 've never given one to a woman before .

not since i learned what they meant as a young man .

they may mean different things to different people .

to me , they are a mark of ownership . ''

`` that 's my mark on you .

i put it there as a statement to you and anyone else who might see them , the ones on your neck anyway , anyone else sees the others , i 'll heat up your little ass . ''

his hand dropped to one in particular spot that was right at the tip of my pu**y .

`` another thing , i do n't think a man that 's not really interested in a woman can f**k her five times if he did n't really mean it . ''

`` five ? ''

i started counting on my fingers and got to four before i was being carted off to the bed .

i looked up into his eyes as he laid me back and spread my legs before dropping his robe .

his c**k was hard and red , with a string of pr**cum hanging from the end heading for the floor .

trace i knew she had to be sore , but she also seemed to need reassuring and for now this was the best i could do .

only time will convince her that this was the real deal .

fuck i was just as confused as she was , but unlike her , i was n't about to let doubts get in the way of what i wanted .

taking her soreness into consideration , i dropped to my knees between her spread thighs and opened her pu**y lips gently with my fingers .