`` no , i do n't know . ''

`` take care of the lease shiane .

or i will .

do n't forget , i 'm a businessman .

it makes no sense whatsoever for you to keep that place and pay the exorbitant rent for an empty apartment .

i understand that you still have doubts and fears , but i 'm not about to let them get in the way of things .

i 've spent the last three weeks trying to show you , but apparently that was n't enough so you 're just gon na have to decide if you want to take a chance at happiness or not .

a word to the wise : i wo n't pay for someone else 's short- comings .

so if that 's what this is about , you can kill that shit right f**king now . ''

it seemed like we were about to have our first real argument there for a minute , but then she backed down .

she needed me to take charge and i had no problem with that .

she 'd gone from under her parents ' care , straight to this manager 's handling , so basically , she 's been told what to do her whole life .

some people rebel against that , but with shiane , it was quite the opposite .

she needed it .

she left two days later for europe and i spent the time gathering as much information as i could on her manager and the other people around her .

i did n't like that pill deal she 'd told me about , and from some of the things she 'd said , i was n't too sure that her best interest was being taken care of .

as her man , it was up to me to see that no one was taking advantage of her .

and though our relationship had been spared the spotlight thus far , it was only a matter of time before word leaked out .

and how would it look for wall street 's whiz kid to be letting others take advantage of his woman ?

we talked every night after her show no matter what time it was , that was a stipulation that i 'd made before she left .

she could get away during the day because i knew she was busy with rehearsals , but at night i needed to know that she was safe .

we did facetime until she fell asleep ; each night , i could see that my baby was exhausted but she seemed to be having fun .

there was a lot of buzz in the headlines about her shows but i did n't listen or read any of it .

that was until two days before she was due back .

my assistant was reading one of those crappy magazines that were filled with half-truths and innuendo .

that 's how i 'd always seen them until i saw my woman walking out of some restaurant in italy with her ex .

i did n't want to fly off the handle ; the caption said the picture had been snapped the night before which had to mean it was before we 'd spoken and she had n't mentioned it to me .

my first instinct was to get on a plane and got drag her ass home after dealing with both of them , but common sense and rationality won out .

i could n't go half way around the world to kill her .

no , i 'll wait 'til she gets back and strangle her ass in the privacy of our own home .

that night when she called , she still did n't mention it and i played like nothing was wrong .

there was something in her voice but i was n't quite sure what it was .

`` so you 've got your final show tomorrow night yes ? ''

`` yes , and then i 'll be home . ''

`` i 'll be waiting . ''

the next night when she called , i did n't answer .

i 'd spent the whole day in a contained rage and had pretty much locked myself away in my office .

i 'd come to terms with the fact that i did n't believe for a second that she 'd cheated on me , but whatever reason she had for being with him was not good enough .

and the fact that she had n't mentioned it to me , only infuriated me more .

she was home when i got in the next day .

when she ran to me and jumped into my arms i held her close but did n't kiss her .

she knew something was wrong and her eyes followed me across the room .

`` is something wrong ? ''

`` is there something you want to tell me shiane ? ''

she looked at me at sea .

i pulled out the magazine i 'd had hidden in the drawer of the little side table and threw it at her .

her eyes widened when she saw it and she looked up at me with fear in her eyes .

`` it 's not what it looks like .

i can explain . ''

i walked away from her and into the bedroom to remove my jacket and tie where she followed me a few seconds later .

`` trace ... '' `` were you the one that was afraid of me cheating on you ? ''

she 'd never seen me this way before , so she had no way of knowing that the precise movements and contained tone was a sure sign that her ass was in trouble .

`` but i did n't cheat , he was on tour because we have a few duets together and ... '' `` and you did n't tell me this because ... '' `` i did n't want to cause any problems . ''