i pulled out and licked into her pu**y , going deep , she screamed and came in my mouth before i climbed back onto my feet and fed her eight inches of my meat .

that 's as deep as i could go before bottoming out inside her with her ass high in the air .

`` as soon as i 've broken in your tight little pu**y , i 'm going to ass f**k you . ''

she clenched around me and came again .

i was n't anywhere near cumming so i settled in for a nice long f**k. her body was still shaking and her cries were dying down to low moans .

she tried getting her hand under her to touch her sore pu**y but a hard smack on her ass stopped her in her tracks .

`` do n't do it . ''

finally , i lowered her ass just a little and dropped to my knees behind her and the movement sent me all the way into her .

it triggered another one of her magnificent climaxes and she squeezed my c**k like a vise .

i bit into the flesh of her back to her neck before pulling her head back and to the side for my tongue .

`` i love you trace . ''

that stopped me mid stroke , the shock of it , but that did n't last too long .

`` i love you too , but this is n't about that .

you f**ked up .

i 'm pissed as f**k at you . ''

i brought her off three more times until i felt my balls draw up to my body in preparation to blast .

`` you do n't deserve my seed . ''

i pulled out and pushed her away from me .

she turned around in time to watch me jerk my seed into the sheets .

her cry of dismay cut through the air as i climbed off the bed and headed to the shower .

i was only in there two minutes when i felt her come in and stand in front of me .

i kept my head back and eyes closed as i ran the cloth over my chest .

`` trace , i 'm so sorry .

i was n't thinking .

i wo n't do it again .

i promise . ''

she was crying as her hands came up to touch me tentatively .

i finished my shower without saying a word to her and walked away .

i stripped the bed after drying myself off and putting on a pair of boxers .

she was coming out of the shower by the time i was finished remaking the bed she looked at me as i passed her and left the room .

in the kitchen , i ignored the dinner she 'd made and made myself a sandwich before shutting myself away in my private office .

it was hours before i felt human again .

i 'd called the detail i 'd had following her unbeknownst to her and got the same story from them .

that eased my anger some but there was still the issue of why she did n't tell me that her ex was going to be on this trip .

from what they 'd said , he 'd been hounding her the whole time she was there but she 'd seemed disinterested .

like i said , i never thought she 'd cheated on me with him ; i still did n't want her having anything at all to do with him .

along with that , the reports on her manager were n't looking too good .

it was just as i 'd suspected , he was using the young girl for his own gains .

she had been robbed of a good three million dollars in the two years she 'd been signed .

money from different venues that i 'm sure she was n't even aware of .

she was n't hurting for money , not by a long shot , but still it was n't for him or anyone else to rip her off .

before i confronted him though , i was still waiting for the results of the in depth investigation of everyone that had anything to do with her career .

she was curled into a ball on my side of the bed when i finally upstairs hours later .

i stood over her for the longest time until i felt my heart settle .

i would n't have chosen a moment of anger in which to tell her that i loved her , but she 'd chosen the time and place .

now it was out there , i 'd shown her my heart , as well as giving it to her .

we could never go back now , from here on out we were one and for me that meant a whole lot of shit .

she 'd only gotten a taste of the man tonight , if she f**ked up in the future it could be worst .

turning away , i walked to my side and climbed in with my back to her .

she must 've gravitated to me in her sleep , because i woke before the sun the next day to find her curled into my back .

lifting my arm , i turned and pulled her into my arms .

she was barely awake when i turned her to her back and slipped into her wet heat .

she clutched at me in her sleep before she came fully awake .

`` trace ... '' her voice was that of a little girl lost .

`` shh , it 's okay i 'm here . ''

i pushed her hair back so i could look into her eyes as i stroked my c**k in and out of her .