`` wrap your legs around me princess . ''

she lifted her legs around my waist pulling me in deeper .

i never took my eyes off of hers ; i wanted to see what was there , what words could never say because there were n't enough .

when i came i captured her lips with mine and accepted her moans into my lungs as she gave me her sweet nectar .

`` i love you . ''

she tightened around me and cried out at my admission .

chapter 8 things settled down somewhat after that and we lived a life of peaceful bliss for the next month and a half .

i took her away on my jet for long weekends .

we played , we laughed we enjoyed each other and the more time went by , the more in love with her i became .

i no longer questioned the strangeness of our meeting , or why it had been so easy for me to make the decisions i had after so many years of living and thinking one way .

she was my beautiful girl , the owner of my heart .

her career was doing extremely well , her records were going platinum all over the place and she was in high demand .

she had another local show coming up this weekend .

this time i was ready when she approached my hesitantly to let me know that her ex was going to be performing at the show .

i had had time to prepare myself since i 'd already gotten a line-up of what was in store for that night .

i 've been following her career since the day we met and now i have all the information i needed to send her manager and a couple lawyers to jail .

i have n't told her what i 'd found as yet .

did n't want to upset her this close to her performance and i 'd only just got the last of the result .

it had taken this long because the lawyers had been very slick with their thievery .

too bad for them i know how to follow the money trail , all i need is the scent .

i planned to tell her this weekend after the show though and i already had my lawyers on standby to take care of shit .

shiane trace has been so unbelievably amazing in the last month or so .

it 's like everyday he goes out of his way to relieve my fears .

maybe it 's because we were able to keep our romance out of the public eye , but i was having more fun being in love with him than i 'd ever thought possible .

i decided to take a page out of his book and try to really get to know him .

i 'd watch him when he was n't looking , and paid attention to the little things , like how he shielded my body with his whenever we were going somewhere .

how he always seemed to have to touch me whenever we were together no matter where we were ; or the way he 'd run his hand through my hair absentmindedly while we sat together watching a movie .

i especially loved the way he made love to me .

ever since that night when he 'd punished me , which now when i think back on it was hot as hell ; he 's been this super boyfriend though it seems kinda weird thinking of him in that way , he 's so much more than a boy .

i 'd told my family about him and dad and him had had a few private conversations over the last few weeks that i was n't privy to , but my family seemed to love and accept him even with the age difference .

now i have a show coming up tonight and i 'm more nervous than usual .

not because of the show itself , no , trace had taken care of that as ell .

he 'd found this lady that specialized in curing people like me .

she just put me through this series of exercises that helped to calm me down before each appearance .

it was an ongoing process but so far it seemed to be working .

i no longer had that sick fear of bombing on stage .

no tonight 's fear stemmed from the fact that donnie was there and i knew form our last one sided conversation that he was going to try to get back with me again .

because trace and i had been able to keep our relationship hidden , he along most of the known world were under the impression that i was still pining for him .

then there were the rumors of us sneaking around together .

one tabloid had gone so far as to print that very suggestion .

i thought trace would lose his mind .

he 'd gone on a tear even going so far as to call up someone to handle the retraction and fire the person responsible .

i guess it was n't just the speculation that had sent him over the edge , but the fact that there was a photo shopped picture from the year before of me and donnie , only this one was made to look like it was more recent and well , let 's just say it did n't sit well with trace to see his woman as he put it , lip locked with some other dick .

apparently whatever he 'd done had worked because the following week there had been a retraction and an apology .

will wonders never cease ?

of course now we were down to crunch time .

he 'd said that he was fine with the whole show deal but as the time drew nearer i could see that tic in his jaw working overtime .