and then when lily came along , my beautiful little sister , i remembered the fear in my gut that i would n't be able to protect her .

she was the one and only baby i 'd ever held in my arms , and the love i 'd felt then , could n't be compared to what i felt for the unborn child shiane now kept safe in her womb .

i thought of her upcoming tour and knew there was no way i would let her go off on her own , not in her condition .

i came to the conclusion that it was time i delegated more at work .

i had men and women that i 'd hired , the best in their fields , sometimes straight out of college , but had yet to trust anyone to do what i did .

it was an easy decision to make now , whereas before the thought gave me cold sweats .

i took the hand with my ring on it and kissed her finger as i hoped and prayed that i would get this right , then being as gentle as i could and not awaken her .

i lowered my body until my lips were in line with her still flat stomach and made a promise to my son or daughter .

`` daddy will always be there little one , no matter what ; i ca n't wait to meet you . ''

i felt the tears gather at the corner of my eyes , and though it had been years since i 'd shed one , i let them fall .

my heart had never been so full in my life .

i held her until the dawn and that 's as long as i could hold out before taking her .

turning her silky soft body onto her back , i kissed my way down her body , stopping at her br**sts .

i took the nipple of first one into my mouth , licking and sucking , pulling strong as i imagined one day my baby would , before going to the other .

by the time i made my way down to her sweet cunt , she was writhing beneath me .

i licked her clit until it was peeping out from under its hood , then spreading her pu**y lips open , i closed my eyes and feasted on her flesh , her taste bursting into my mouth as i dug deep with my tongue .

sliding up her body , i slid into her going deep with one smooth thrust .

her eyes were sleep-warm as she looked up at me .

with my hands holding both sides of her head , i held it back so i could look into her eyes as i loved her .

`` i love knowing my child is inside you . ''

i let one of my handles cover her stomach between us for a brief moment before gathering her in close .

`` give me your mouth baby . ''

she lifted her lips to mine and we stayed like that , our lips locked together passionately as i worked my c**k in and out of her , her hips rising and falling with my thrusts .

it was the most amazing experience of my life so far , and there was so much more to come .

i 'll make sure of it .

epilogue he 's utterly unpredictable and totally insane my husband .

i do n't think i 've ever known a more volatile person in my life .

my dad was an easy going mild mannered man , sure he and mom had their tiffs over the years when we were growing up , but i doubt he 's ever done or said half the things has done to me .

like spanking her ass with a belt .

since my announcement of my pregnancy , he 's added one other element , over protectiveness .

do n't get me wrong , i love it , in fact i think i need it because my hormones have been out of whack from day one ; but i wondered how others would see him .

it started with my management team of all things , and a couple of the lawyers that handled my contracts .

the morning after our engagement , he 'd dropped the bombshell that they had been robbing me blind .

i 'd sat there dumbfounded , not having the first clue as to what i was supposed to do next .

`` do n't worry princess i 've got it covered . ''

'but how did they and why ? ''

`` the how is easy , you do n't know what you 're looking at when dealing with those things unless you 've done some kind of business class or you have someone reliable explain it to you . ''

he was right i guess , as a small town girl , seeing all those zeros on my account balance was enough for me , i was just happy doing what i loved most and the fact that i was actually being paid , well .

`` the why is that they 're greedy f**ks and they saw you coming a mile off . ''

i guess they never banked on trace mckenzie coming into my life and turning everything upside down .

i 'd wanted to do everything secretly after that , did n't want the brouhaha that would follow if the public got ahold of it .

trace wanted to burn them at the stake .

in the end he convinced me that it was best to go public so that they would n't be free to do it to others .

turns out that was the right call , because after the story broke , others had come forward after realizing that they too had been victims of these unscrupulous men .