my tour started when i was five months along .

trace somehow found the time to leave work for almost two months and accompany me .

i 'd had to do some rearranging which meant there were hardly any breaks in between cities , but i wanted to be done before i really started to show .

that 's when i saw the other side of him .

he 'd hired all new management for me when i told him i was n't sure what to look for .

he 'd threatened to fire my wardrobe staff until they had some kind of meeting and he got what he wanted .

in the end they 'd come up with more tasteful designs , though some of them were sexier than the ones i 'd worn before .

he was right you did n't have to be half naked on stage to get your point across .

one day we were sitting at the kitchen table , i was still sitting in his lap because we 'd just made love while our breakfast had grown cold .

as he slipped out of my body i 'd said , 'you know we can do the proposal thing over ' .

he 'd given me one of his looks and that was that .

i guess that ship had sailed .

i ca n't say that i felt deprived though , because in every way he was the perfect fiance and then husband .

our wedding was a very private affair in my hometown .

he 'd moved heaven and earth to make it so and it was beautiful .

he was completely fascinated with my body these days , especially after i started to show .

there was n't a day that went by that he did n't spend at least an hour playing with my tummy and having these long drawn out conversations with whoever was in there .

now though , i think he 'd reached his limit .

`` trace it hurts . ''

he leaned over me as he held my hand in his and brushed my hair back with the other .

`` i know baby , i know it will be better soon .

do something . ''

that last was said to the doctor and nurses that were there in the delivery room .

he had n't shouted the words that they carried more force than if he had .

the way he seethed them through clenched teeth and glared at the room 's occupants .

if i were n't in so much pain i would 've found it funny .

`` she 's coming along just fine mr. mckenzie .

just one more push shiane , that 's a good girl . ''

i bore down with all my might as trace held my hand and whispered in my ear how proud he was of me and how beautiful i was .

i think it was his voice more so than anything urging from the doctor that gave me the extra boost i needed to push my son out into the world .

i laughed and cried as i heard his loud wails fill the room .

trace never took his eyes off mine until the oh-oh from the doctor .

`` oh-oh ?

no f**king oh-oh , what the f**k is oh-oh ? ''

he was ready to tear the poor woman 's head off before she explained .

i was in too much of a daze from the new pain wracking my body to help .

`` looks like we have another one . ''

and so my daughter was born , totally unexpected but completely loved .

the end chapter one i bounce from foot to foot as i try my mom 's cell phone one more time .

i 'm practically bursting at the seams wanting to tell her my good news , and she 's not answering .

i hang up the call as it goes to her voicemail again .

she 's been a little more unreachable ever since she started dating this new mystery man .

she 'll have to break down and tell me about him soon-we 've never been able to keep secrets from one another for long .

i give up and hold down the number 2 button on my old flip-phone to auto-dial my best friend allison .

thankfully , she picks up .

`` i got it !

i got a lawn room ! ''

i shriek as soon as she answers , my excitement overflowing into a wild jig around my tiny dorm room .

allison screams on the other end in response-she knows what a huge deal this is for me .

there are only fifty-four lawn rooms at the university of virginia , where i 'm just finishing my junior year .

they were a central part of thomas jefferson 's design for the school , and spread out under white columns from his famous rotunda .

they might be small and drafty , but living in one is a high honor .

there 's a rigorous application process , and they are given to only the most academically-deserving rising seniors .

i worked my nerdy butt off in preparation for this moment , and i can barely believe it 's actually happening .

`` wait , wait , i 'm putting you on speaker .

miriam 's here , too , '' allison says when she finally takes a breath .

miriam is the third member of our little group that i met freshman year , and has both supported me and sheltered me through the first three years of college .

`` brynn , i 'm so proud of you !

i mean , think of how many hundreds and hundreds of hours you worked for this moment ! ''

she gushes .

i laugh .

`` do n't remind me ! ''