i wince , thinking of how much of college life i 've missed while huddled in the back stacks of the library .

not that miriam and allison are academic slouches either , far from it , all three of us could probably draw you a map of the library from memory .

`` and if it gets too cold in the winter , you can always come crash with us , '' allison adds .

she and miriam have been roommates since sophomore year , and will be again next year .

they 've always invited me to apply for housing with them , but after freshman year , i decided i was too much of an introvert for roommates .

`` the fireplace is probably the best and worst part of the whole thing , '' i laugh .

the lawn rooms have almost no trappings of the modern world , so in the winter all you have to keep yourself warm is your own personal fireplace .

it sounds romantic now , but come next january , i imagine i might feel differently .

`` are you working tonight ?

or can we celebrate ? ''

miriam asks .

i work in the cafeteria as part of my work-study program to offset the cost of my tuition .

`` maybe we could go to dinner together , then see a movie ? ''

`` well , i 'm not working , '' i admit , guilt already bubbling up from my stomach , `` but i was thinking i might go out with these girls from my poli-sci class . ''

there 's a short silence before allison speaks .

`` oh , cool ... sounds fun .

what are you guys going to do ? ''

`` um , they invited me to this party at the crew house , '' i say , beginning to tug on the ends of my dark blonde hair-a nervous habit that only really gets out of control during finals .

`` the crew house ! ? ''

allison exclaims , and i ca n't help but roll my eyes at her theatrics .

`` brynn , you know as well as we do that those parties get insane !

i heard that last semester nine of their varsity members got alcohol poisoning in one night ! ''

`` well , there are only eight on a team , so i think that might be an exaggeration , '' i murmur .

`` though i suppose maybe an alternate- '' `` brynn , the point is , those parties are notoriously crazy , '' miriam cuts in .

`` i just want to see for myself , '' i say , trying to keep the frustration out of my voice .

`` i 'll call you guys tomorrow morning . ''

`` ok ... '' allison says warily .

`` bye ! ''

i say quickly , before miriam can renew her argument , and hang up .

as wonderful as my two best friends are , i do get tired of how uptight they can be sometimes .

not that i do n't understand where it comes from .

the three of us were n't exactly popular during high school , and when we found each other during our freshman year orientation , it was such an amazing relief to be with like-minded girls .

we were all serious students , driven , with a penchant for fantasy books that might star viggo mortensen in the movie adaption .

but now , i 'm beginning to chafe at the boundaries of our friendship .

particularly when it comes to going out to parties , and boys .

on my early morning trips to the library , i see girls doing the walk of shame across campus , their makeup smeared across their faces , hair rumpled , and first i feel pity , and then intense jealousy .

that post-sex glazed over look ... if i 'm honest with myself , i want that too .

and i promised myself that if i got my lawn room , i 'd go to a party .

a real college party .

the kind miriam and allison roll their eyes at as they wonder how many brain cells its attendees are killing by the second .

this crew party is the perfect opportunity .

i 'm trying not to get my hopes up , but it remains a possibility that i might actually get to talk to nate thornhill tonight .

just the thought of his name is enough to send tingles down my spine , though i know the real-life man could probably never live up to the fantasy i 've built up in my mind .

i still remember the first time i saw him , walking across campus the second weekend of fall semester of freshman year .

i would 've bet my life then that he was a senior .

compared to the boys i had just left behind in high school , he was already a full-grown man .

he wore a navy blue polo like it was a second skin as he strode across the grass , jefferson 's palladian architecture spread out behind him like it was built as a set for a movie he was starring in .

he wore his wavy brown hair on the long side , and pushed back to keep it out of his dark blue eyes .

his nose was perfectly straight and ended over a pair of soft , full lips and a chin with an actual dimple in it .

if it were possible for ryan gosling and a kennedy to have a baby , the result would be nate thornhill .

i later learned that he was a double major like me , and since one of mine is political science and one of his is history , we overlapped in a few of our core courses .