i expected him to sit in the back with the rest of the jocks but he was always in the front row , quick to raise his hand with intelligent answers .

i always hide right in the center of the halls ; my shyness overwhelms me in those big lecture classes .

i 've never got up the courage to actually talk to him , and besides , he always has a different girl on his arm .

with his looks , money , and being a star of both the lacrosse and crew teams , he draws women in like a magnet .

but tonight ?

tonight i have promised myself that if he 's at the party , i am going to introduce myself .

i shoot off a quick text to cara , my new friend from class , to confirm that i 'll join her tonight , and then turn to my closet .

i really only have one option to wear tonight : a simple , slinky black camisole with a lace inlay that i bought at the mall in spite of miriam and allison 's naysaying .

i did n't know what i was buying it for then , but it 's the kind of shirt i 've seen other girls wearing to parties .

i slip on jeans and a pair of heels that are probably a little low to be cool , but they 'll have to do .

it 's not like i have extra money to be adding to my wardrobe .

i take out the drug store makeup that i bought and sit at my desk .

i never usually wear anything but chapstick , but i watched some youtube tutorials and feel confident i can mimic some of the techniques .

with a compact mirror , i carefully put on a little concealer , blush , brown eye shadow , and black mascara .

i bought an eyeliner , but i do n't use it .

i think it 's a little beyond my skills .

with a swipe of some sparkly lip gloss , i 'm done .

i close the closet door and study myself in the full-length mirror .

with a start , i recognize myself in the reflection .

i turn my face side to side , searching for all its imperfections .

with a little makeup on , my resemblance to my mom is more pronounced .

everyone always says she is beautiful , so maybe it 's possible that i might be pretty , too .

the shirt is more low-cut than i remembered , and i touch my breasts self-consciously .

i get my large c-cups from my mom also , but i 've always kept them covered up .

i see how men get distracted by them , like they 're some tractor beam pulling them in .

one more quick glance to check my mascara application , and i nod at myself , satisfied .

it 's been a long time coming , but i think i 'm finally ready to party .

chapter two the spring night air is warm on my face as i walk across campus to meet cara and her friends .

i pass other students heading out for the night and feel happy to count myself among them .

i go over my rules for myself as i near the crew house , which is just across the street from campus .

no more than three drinks .

no talking about classes .

no weirdness around nate thornhill .

`` brynn ! ''

cara yells from the opposite sidewalk .

i wave as i head over .

`` i ca n't believe you got a lawn room !

that 's amazing ! ''

i lean over to give her a hug .

she 's an effortlessly cool , petite brunette-the kind of girl that everyone considers to be their friend .

`` thanks ! ''

`` holy shit !

you got a lawn room ?

are you , like , a genius or something ? ''

her friend rachel asks , her jaw dropping .

`` i wish !

then all those papers would have taken me way less time to write , '' i reply with a laugh .

`` cara says you 've never been to a crew party ? ''

marie , the knockout of the group , asks .

`` nope ... just never made my way over here i guess , '' i reply , downplaying the situation .

`` well , they have the best parties , '' she assures me .

`` and the hottest guys . ''

`` lacrosse guys are hotter , '' rachel argues .

`` of course , if you can always do both ... '' marie murmurs , and they burst into laughter .

`` hey , you look great , by the way , '' cara says to me as we walk up the front steps of the house .

`` love that top . ''

`` thanks , '' i say , trying not to glow .

a couple guys chilling on the front porch greet the other girls by name , and i blush as i feel their eyes glance over me .

i tug my hair self-consciously as one of them grins at me .

two girls hurry past us in the opposite direction .

one leans over the railing as her friend barely manages to pull her hair back before she retches into the bushes .

lovely .

sweat and the scent of beer greets us as we walk inside .

the lights are dim , barely illuminating the mass of people crowded into the main room , and i feel my heels sticking to the sticky floor .

`` cara , the love of my life ! ''

a tall , brawny guy says , sweeping her up into a hug .