i recognize him from the crew team .

not that i 've studied their roster photos or anything ... `` oh , ha , ha , '' cara says , rolling her eyes , though something about the gleam in her eyes tells me she likes the guy .

`` can i get you ladies a beer ? ''

he asks , nodding to the keg behind him .

`` yes , please , '' cara says .

`` hey , foster , this is my good friend brynn .

this is her first crew party so treat her nice . ''

`` i 'm always nice ! ''

foster says indignantly , then bows in front of me and offers his hand .

`` m'lady , '' he says , as i place my hand in his and raises it to his lips .

marie and rachel giggle and then head over to another group as foster hands them their beers .

cara and i follow foster over to an old , mysteriously stained , couch in the corner .

we weave around other scantily clad co-eds , and for the first time in my life , i feel like one of the cool kids .

i perch nervously on the far left cushion as cara sits next to me , with foster on her other side .

i slowly sip my beer as he whispers in her ear .

i 've had beer before , even gotten tipsy a few times with allison and miriam when we first turned twenty-one and tried out some wine bars .

i just want to make sure i do n't overdo it tonight and end up like that girl we passed on the way inside .

`` where 's nate tonight ? ''

my head whips around as i hear cara ask foster the question .

my heart stops for a second .

i have to admit i 'll feel crushed if he 's not even here .

`` he 's somewhere around , probably getting crushed under a pile of chicks , '' foster rolls his eyes , and cara laughs .

i down half my beer .

i ca n't believe how jealous it makes me feel , i 've never even met the guy .

cara and foster keep chatting , and though cara makes an effort to include me , i 'm feeling too nervous to contribute much to the conversation .

by the time i finish my beer , i really have to pee .

`` be right back , '' i murmur to cara , and go looking for the bathroom .

i weave through the sweaty throng to a hallway along the stairs .

i see a line of five girls outside of what i assume is the bathroom , and with a sigh , i step behind the last one .

the door opens and a guy darts in front of the front girl .

`` hey ! ''

she protests .

`` sorry !

emergency ! ''

he cries , and shuts the door behind him .

i lean back a little and glance up the stairs .

there are several people hanging out on the landing , but it 's definitely quieter up there , and i 'm sure there 's more than one bathroom in this place .

holding my legs close together , i turn around and hurry up the stairs .

i bypass the first couple rooms with open doors and come to a couple closed ones .

i can see a room at the end of the hall that looks like a lounge , with a pool table in the middle of the room .

one of these two rooms must be the bathroom .

i lean toward the nearest one and press my ear against it .

i ca n't hear anything .

i knock softly and wait for a reply , and when i do n't hear one , i slowly turn the knob and open the door .

i gasp as it 's pulled open and out of my grasp .

my eyes fly up and immediately i realize that nate is standing before me .

`` i ... i ... ''

i stammer .

his pupils dilate as he stares at me in amusement .

i let my gaze fall down his body .

he 's naked but for a pair of pale blue boxers .

good lord , his body is ridiculous .

the line down between his six-pack looks like it was etched in stone .

it 's suddenly very difficult to breathe .

`` see anything you like ? ''

he asks drily .

i snap my gaze back up .

a brown curl of hair hangs just over one of his eyes .

i clear my throat as i try to think of something to say .

i feel his eyes travelling over my body , my skin burning under his gaze as desire begins to pool in my stomach .

`` oh , no , i was- '' `` you wan na join us ? ''

he says , pulling the door open a little more .

i glance over his shoulder and see a naked girl in bed covered in rumpled sheets .

`` nate ! ''

the girl says with a giggle , and pulls a sheet up over her breasts .

`` come on .

if i were n't already naked , i 'd say you were undressing me with your eyes , '' he says smugly to me .

i feel my cheeks turn scarlet .

`` no , sorry , '' i murmur , averting my eyes and rushing down the hall to the stairs as i hear the girl dissolve into laughter behind me .

i run straight out of the front door and down the front steps before stopping on the sidewalk to process what 's just happened .