i hear him make a sharp intake of breath and then his mouth twitches as he tries to hold position through the pain .

i press down harder .

suddenly he yanks his hand away and i just manage to stop my hand in time so the fork does n't hit my leg .

he turns to me and smiles , a wicked glimmer in his eyes .

he was fucking with me , i realize .

that 's his way of taking revenge for me showing him up in front of his dad ?

what a goddamn creep !

i lean toward him with a fake smile plastered on my face .

`` if you 're that pissed about it , bring it up with your dad , do n't take it out on me .

i did try to turn it down . ''

i hiss into his ear .

he turns to me with an equally fake smile .

`` i 'll do whatever the hell i like , sis . ''

he says quietly so our parents ca n't hear .

the rest of the meal passes without nate making another fake pass at me .

the gears in my brain begin to move as i think about how i 'm going to be spending the entire summer , and potentially many other seasons , living with this guy .

my life has been completely upended tonight , and i need some time to process everything .

after the waitress clears our coffee cups and pierce takes care of the bill with a black amex card , we stand up to say goodbye .

they 're going to drive back to maryland tonight since it takes under three hours .

i hug pierce goodbye , then my mom .

`` i know this was a lot to take in , honey .

we 'll talk everything over , i promise , '' she whispers reassuringly , then kisses me on the cheek .

i smile at her and begin to tear up-i 'm pretty overwhelmed .

nate surprises me by leaning in for a hug as our parents look on with a smile .

`` great to meet you , '' he says , then whispers almost silently in my ear , `` sorry , we 'll never get a chance to have that threesome , sis . ''

i freeze as he pats my back once and then breaks away .

he remembered .

and now he will always know how attracted i am to him .

i have a feeling i 'm never going to hear the end of it .

chapter five `` i do n't mean to question the relationship , it was just so sudden , '' i explain to my mom as she drives me home from the airport .

i usually never fly to or from college , but pierce insisted .

my biggest worry was that nate and i might be on the same flight , but luckily his exams ended earlier than mine .

i want as much time as possible to prepare myself for our interactions .

`` no , i get it , i really do , '' my mom assures me .

`` you can ask me anything about pierce , or me and pierce , and i wo n't be upset . ''

`` he treats you well ? ''

`` he 's wonderful .

he 's always surprising me with little gifts , trips , even .

i do n't know what i 've done to deserve him . ''

`` well , i think you 're pretty great . ''

i offer dramatically .

`` oh , i did n't mean it like that !

i just mean , pierce treats me like a princess .

and the house is basically a castle , '' she adds , pointing to her right .

i gasp at the flagstone mansion we 're pulling alongside .

`` shut up .

that 's his house ! ?

it 's huge ! ''

`` i know , right ? ''

my mom replies with a laugh .

`` it has maid 's quarters !

but you 'll get used to it , really . ''

`` there 's a maid ? ''

`` he used to have a housekeeper/maid who would cook for him , but now i do most of that stuff .

i love having someone else to cook for again .

the maid just comes once a week now to do a really thorough cleaning , '' she explains as we pull through the wrought-iron gates leading the driveway .

`` are you still working at the salon ? ''

she used to support herself as a manicurist at the tiny salon back in our small town in eastern maryland .

`` nope , not anymore .

i 'm volunteering , though , and thinking of joining some charitable boards , '' she says nonchalantly .

my mom , a lady who lunches , i think , shaking my head .

i do n't know if i can see it .

my mom presses a button on the car 's dashboard and one of the two garage doors opens .

we pull inside and i look around at the huge space as the door closes behind us .

if i 'm this in shock about the size of the garage , i ca n't imagine how i 'll feel about the rest of the place .

after the tour , which took over an hour because the house is so massive , my mom finally leads me to my room .

my head is swimming at the lavishness of my new home .

as we walk down the plushly carpeted hallway , i 'm alarmed to realize that i can actually smell nate .

he must be nearby somewhere .

i 've been dreading seeing him again and hoped i 'd have more time to settle in before our first confrontation .