`` here 's nate 's room , '' my mom says as we pass a partially open door .

`` he 's out somewhere right now . ''

i shake my head at myself .

i wish i could turn off the part of my body that 's attracted to him .

if anything , though , my sex dreams about him have only become more frequent and more alarming ever since he laid his hand on my thigh .

`` and here 's your room . ''

i ca n't believe it 's right next door to nate 's room .

there are so many rooms in this place-i would have preferred to have a bit more separation between us .

`` whoa , '' i say as she pushes the door open , and my misgivings about the room are forgotten .

a canopy with a delicate white fabric settled on it hangs over the four-poster bed in the center of the room .

a matching nightstand , bureau , and vanity make up the rest of the furniture .

the wallpaper is a tasteful , blue and white pattern with small birds on it that complements the light , airy feel of the room .

i release the handle of my luggage and head over the to the window seat and kneel on it .

there 's a spectacular view of the potomac river below-the house was clearly built to play up the amazing location .

i glance to my left .

`` is that my own bathroom ? ''

`` yup-no more sharing ! ''

my mom replies gaily .

i step inside and admire the all-white tile and huge tub .

i 've never been in a house so nice .

i ca n't believe i 'm actually going to call this place home from now on .

`` you want anything to eat ? ''

my mom asks from the bedroom .

`` um , yeah , that would be great , '' i call over my shoulder .

`` ok , i 'll whip something up .

you stay here and get settled .

i 'll be in the kitchen when you 're ready to eat . ''

i wander back into the bedroom as my mom disappears down the stairs .

there is one question i have that i ca n't bring myself to ask her .

it 's just ... i know my mom worries about money , about me graduating from school with so much debt .

it 's not that i think she would have married pierce just for the money , but i worry that it might have clouded her judgment a bit .

they got married so quickly-can she really know him that well ?

maybe i 'm just falling back into my usual pattern of co-dependency and mothering her .

she 's a grown woman , i ca n't control what she does and i 'm not responsible for her decisions ... not to mention , i am hugely relieved to not have to carry around student loans for the rest of my life .

i kick my sandals off and sink back down onto the window seat .

the potomac is a dark green sliver barely visible through the bushy trees that line the back of the estate and continue down to the shoreline .

i startle as a figure breaks the stillness .

i recognize nate 's head as he walks up from the lower lawn to the pool , a lacrosse stick tucked over his shoulder .

sheesh-is he training already ?

school just ended !

i bite my lip as i watch him toss the stick on the deck and peel off his shirt .

he uses it to wipe the sweat off his face , then tosses it on a chair and kicks off his sneakers .

his body is just ... impossible .

i mean , i guess it makes sense .

two varsity sports are probably enough to give anyone a body like a greek god , but he also has the face to match .

he jumps in the pool and i watch him swim a lap , the cool blue water cascading over his muscular back and shoulders .

i need to get used to seeing him like this-and stop acting like a total freak every time we 're in the same room .

this is my new normal .

`` your food 's ready ! ''

my mom calls upstairs , her voice echoing a bit in the multi-level foyer .

i jump up and head downstairs .

i turn into a formal dining room before finding my way to the kitchen .

i stop as i realize the kitchen windows look directly out onto the pool .

great .

`` i ca n't believe nate 's already in the pool .

the water 's still freezing , '' my mom comments .

`` yeah , he 's crazy ... '' i reply , before i really hear what she said .

i 'm too distracted by nate 's backstroke , his arms cutting cleanly through the water .

`` so you two never once ran into each other on campus in the three years you 've been at uva ? ''

she asks , sliding a blt onto the glass table in the breakfast nook .

we sit down across from each other and i start eating .

`` no , well ... we had n't ever met . ''

`` but ? ''

my mom digs , hearing a slight hesitation in my voice .

`` well , nate 's really well known around campus .

he starts on the lacrosse and crew teams , he 's smart , good- '' i catch myself and pretend to clear my throat .

`` good-looking ? ''

my mom asks with a smile .

`` mom ... '' i groan .