stop feeling sorry for yourself , brynn .

as i walk across the lower lawn , i look up and see my mom and pierce 's bedroom light go off .

i guess they 're turning in early tonight .

i walk up toward the pool and freeze as i hear a moan .

the lights downstairs are all off except one in the hall , and the pool 's lights underneath the water .

my eyes dart around and fall on two writhing bodies on a poolside lounge chair .

nate and dana .

i stare as nate whips off his own shirt and then dana 's .

i know i should move but i do n't .

the blue pool lights shimmer against his back muscles as he expertly undoes dana 's bra and pulls off her pants and underwear .

leave , you pervert !

my brain commands me , but my body stays firmly glued in place , even as it throbs with desire .

one of nate 's hands massages dana 's ample breasts , and the other disappears beneath her .

dana cries out immediately and i almost gasp myself , as though his hands are moving against me .

i can practically feel his touch on me , his hot breath against my ear as his expert fingers move inside me ... nate grunts and pushes against her .

she struggles to contain herself as he thrusts slowly in and out of her .

oh my god-what am i doing ! ?

i step back with a jolt as though i 'm breaking out of a trance and almost trip over the hydrangea bush next to me in my hurry to get away .

i run as quickly and quietly as i can around the side of the house and to the front .

i reach the front door and pray that nate is going to lock up later .

i feel the doorknob turn and push the door open in relief .

i hurry up the curving staircase and down the hall into my room , kicking off my sandals before hurling myself onto my bed and burying my head in the pillows .

i can feel my cheeks burning with mortification over what i just witnessed and the uncontrollable desire i felt .

i 've had crushes before , but none like my obsession with nate .

and even after finally meeting him , only to have him tease me and push my buttons , i still feel so physically drawn to him .

i pull my face out of the pillow and crawl to the nightstand , pulling my dog-eared copy of lady chatterley 's lover out of the top drawer .

just as i 'm opening it to the folded-over page , there 's a quiet knock at my door .

i toss my book on the bed and walk to it , hoping and praying it 's not nate .

i almost jump as i pull open the door and nate 's face appears , shrouded in the darkness of the hallway .

he leans forward , leaning his forearm on the doorjamb as i step back nervously .

his wavy hair looks particularly unruly , and his lips are curved in a slight smile .

`` technically speaking , does a peeping tom have to be outside , looking inside ?

or does the term still apply if both , or all three , parties are outdoors ? ''

he asks , calmly , tilting his chin up slightly as he considers me .

`` i ... i do n't ... '' i stammer , feeling heat crawl up the back of my neck .

`` you .

were .

watching us , '' he accuses me , narrowing his eyes .

`` i 'm sorry .

i did n't mean to .

i just ... i was down at the river ... how did you ... ? ''

`` i heard a twig snap and saw you running away like a drunken ostrich . ''

`` did dana- ? ''

`` no , and i did n't tell her . ''

`` thank god . ''

`` so ?

what did you think ? ''

he smirks .

`` oh , i 'm so sorry , again .

i 'm so embarrassed , '' i rush on .

it strikes me that this is the longest conversation i 've ever had with my new stepbrother .

and it 's about how i 'm a pervert .

fantastic .

`` why were you watching us ? ''

he asks , stepping forward into my room .

i take another step away from him .

`` um , i ... i do n't know .

it just sort of happened .

i did n't mean to . ''

`` liar , '' he comments lightly .

`` asshole . ''

it slips out before i can stop myself .

he tilts his head slightly .

`` prude , '' he levels at me .

i look down .

maybe i am a prude , but i do n't want to be .

`` what 's that ? ''

he asks .

when i look back up at him , i see him gazing past me , to my book on the bed .

`` nothing , just a book , '' i say , but he 's breezing past me toward it .

i hurry after him but he reaches the bed before me and picks up the book .

`` see ? ''

i say defiantly .

`` i know what lady chatterley 's lover is about , '' he says , looking at me with a smug grin .

shit .

`` maybe not such a prude after all , '' he adds , running his eyes up and down my body .

i swallow hard .