i head upstairs with my tote bag still over my shoulder .

the huge house is silent as i walk up the steps and down the hallway .

nate must still be at his internship .

my mom told me he got one at some think tank downtown .

i drop my bag as i walk into my bedroom and push the door almost closed behind me with my foot .

i ca n't wait to get this skirt off .

it 's my one pencil skirt , and it 's a little itchy around my waist .

i step into the bathroom and turn on the elegant faucet in the sink .

i tie my hair behind my head with a loose elastic and splash some cool water on my skin .

first days are always exhausting , but i think today was unusually so .

as i look back up to my reflection , dripping with water , i see something move in the mirror .

i stare at it blankly , not understanding what i 'm seeing .

the mirror above the sink is reflecting the mirror above my vanity in the bedroom , which is in turn reflecting an image from my partially open bedroom door .

it 's nate , i realize .

he 's standing outside my door , and he does n't realize i can see him .

i look down at the sink , pretending to watch the last of the water as it swirls down the drain .

a shiver of excitement runs through me at the idea that nate could actually be interested in me-i mean , he 's there , right now , watching me .

before i process what i 'm doing , before i can think of all the reasons not to , i slowly move my hands to my lower back and undo the clasp at the top of the zipper , then unzip my skirt .

i let it fall in a pile at my feet , then step out of it .

i look up carefully and nate is still there in the double reflection .

allison 's warning echoes through my mind but i keep going .

i feel high , high on the feeling that i 'm actually desired .

i catch hold of the back of my rather shapeless blouse in my hands and pull it up over my head , then toss it onto the floor .

as i look back in the mirror , i try to imagine what someone else might see when they look at me , without my constant negative interior monologue telling me nasty things about myself .

do i have the kind of body that someone like nate could find attractive ?

now down to my bra and underwear , i begin to feel nervous , but i reach up to unclasp my bra .

i feel the straps loosen on my shoulders and bring my hands forward to catch it as it falls .

`` brynn ?

you home ? ''

i hear my mom call from the foyer .

i freeze , holding the bra against my breasts .

i glance up .

nate is gone .

`` yup , i 'm home ! ''

i yell back .

`` i saw your shoes !

i 'm coming up-i want to hear all about your first day . ''

i hear her footsteps on the staircase and hurriedly refasten my bra .

nothing like your mom 's voice to kill your libido .

chapter eight the next couple weeks of my new life seem to pass rather quickly , mostly due to the fact that nate is always out with his friends after work , and our run-ins have been few and far between .

i 've settled into a routine of sorts , even if i still do n't feel like i 'm at home here .

i 'd gone to bed early last night , with the intention of sleeping in this morning before visiting museums with allison later in the day .

however a loud noise from downstairs awakens me-i stare bleary eyed at my alarm clock , it 's only 6:15am .

who 'd be awake this early on a saturday morning ?

i get out of bed and tiptoe to my door .

i open it a little and hear something shuffling around downstairs .

i tiptoe out into the hallway and see everyone 's bedroom doors are closed .

i know there 's an alarm system-i had to memorize the passcode .

maybe an ungainly mouse is exploring ?

i creep down the staircase and through the dining room .

the noises sounded like they were coming from the kitchen .

the swinging door is open , and i peak my head around it , my heartbeat blasting in my ears .

suddenly , nate steps out in front of me .

`` fuck ! ''

he exclaims , and i jump back , startled .

`` oh , god , i thought you were a burglar . ''

`` then you should have called 911 , '' he retorts brusquely , turning his back to me and walking to the island .

`` well , you should be glad i did n't . ''

sheesh , does he have to find something wrong with everything i say ?

`` what are you doing up so early anyway ? ''

`` i was just working out . ''

`` wow .

this early ? ''

i ask , moving around him .

he 's fiddling with something in front of him .

`` yeah , every morning .

i need to stay in shape during the off-season . ''

`` i 'd be exhausted if- '' i break off , as i see blood dripping from his palms onto the granite countertop .

`` oh my god , you 're bleeding ! ''