i take a few more sips of my beer as i look around , feeling more comfortable now that i know jackson is really into me .

`` hey , i 'm going to get another beer , '' i tell jackson , as i drain mine .

he jumps up .

`` do n't worry about it .

i 'll grab 'em , '' he says , walking confidently into the other room .

i watch the ping pong ball as it 's thrown back and forth across the table , and jackson is soon back with the beers .

he launches into a story about this crazy party he went to back at school , but out of the corner of my eye i notice a couple walking up the stairs at the rear of the room , their hands all over each other , and feel a stab of envy in my chest .

i am beyond tired of being a virgin .

it 's certainly not on purpose that i 'm twenty-one and still have n't had sex yet .

i guess i just assumed it would happen somehow , without my ever putting any thought into it , and i 've never built it up like it 's going to be some crazy special thing , either .

i look at jackson out of the corner of my eye as i make quick work of my second beer .

maybe nate was right-maybe i am too serious and distant .

maybe it would be better if i just got it out of the way .

and i bet jackson would be good at it .

really , really good at it .

plus , he 's a decent guy .

`` ... do n't you think ? ''

jackson asks me , leaning in .

`` yes , right , '' i reply , even though i spaced out and have no idea what he was talking about .

my hair falls in front of my face as i take another sip of beer , and jackson reaches up and tucks it behind my ear .

we make eye contact and he leans forward slowly , brushing a soft kiss across my neck .

`` want to get out of here ? ''

he murmurs into my ear , sending a little shiver down my spine .

`` my place is pretty close by , and we 'll actually be able to hear ourselves think . ''

`` um , yeah , that sounds good , '' i reply , a little nervously .

jackson stands and offers me his hand .

i place mine in his and he leads me out toward the front .

we pass nate on the way , with his arms wrapped around natasha and his hands tucked into her back pockets .

`` hey man , we 're taking off .

you think you can find another ride ? ''

jackson asks .

`` what do you mean ?

you 're both leaving ? ''

nate asks , frowning .

`` yup , we 're going back to my place , dude , '' jackson replies .

`` you cool for a ride ? ''

`` yeah , come here for a second , '' nate says , his eyes flicking back and forth between us .

he takes jackson 's arm and pulls him toward a screen door in the back .

`` not you , '' he says to me , as i begin to follow .

i bristle at his tone .

they disappear out back and i look after them , my mouth open in shock and annoyance .

i ca n't believe the way nate talks to me sometimes .

so dismissively .

i exchange a polite smile with natasha , who is now looking around the party aimlessly , clearly bored without nate .

screw nate .

i 'll do whatever the hell i please , and i want to know what he 's saying .

i brush past natasha , push open the screen door and walk into the small , fenced-in backyard .

there are fewer people out here , but there 's still a crowd .

i can just see nate and jackson talking in a back corner .

i weave my way through the people , keeping my head down so they do n't notice me .

i take out my phone so i look like i 'm doing something other than eavesdropping , and sidle into the group nearest to them .

i can just overhear what they 're saying .

`` why , do you want her nate ? ''

jackson asks angrily .

my eyes widen .

`` fuck no , she 's my stepsister .

it 's just weird , that 's all .

you two .

she 's not your type . ''

i feel a stab of pain at the finality of nate 's words .

`` she 's gorgeous , '' i hear jackson reply .

`` you think she 's gorgeous ? ''

nate says , beginning to laugh .

`` seriously ?

dude , come on .

besides , she 's a fucking buzz kill . ''

i do n't want to hear any more .

i can already feel angry tears building up behind my eyes .

i 'm so stupid .

why do i keep giving nate the benefit of the doubt , when he is so clearly such an asshole ?

i walk quickly back inside , through the living room , and out to the street .

i turn toward the left , where i can see a busier street , and hustle toward it .

i know it 's going to be a pricey cab ride back to the house , but i feel like i 'm about to explode into a puddle of tears .