and i do n't want to give nate the satisfaction of seeing me cry .

chapter eleven i breathe in as deeply as possible and hold it , counting to ten before exhaling as slowly as i can , trying to rid myself of the hurt feeling that followed me home from the party .

it 's a trick i learned to control my anxiety , and to say that i 'm anxious right now would be an understatement .

i ca n't remember the last time i heard someone talk about me like that , though i suppose it 's partially my fault for eavesdropping .

i finally start to feel calm enough to go to sleep , and reach to turn off my bedside lamp .

a rush of footsteps up the stairs makes me pause .

i sit up a bit as they continue down the hallway toward my bedroom .

a second later , my bedroom door bursts open and nate walks in , his face dark with anger .

`` you 're in bed ?

you 've got ta be fucking kidding me .

that was really selfish of you to run off without telling anyone , you know that ? ''

he spits at me , then turns around and walks out .

i 'm frozen in shock for a moment .

what the hell was that ?

what does he have to be mad at me for ?

i leap out from under my covers and march out of my bedroom just in time to stop him from shutting his door .

he swings around as i charge into his room .

`` i 'm selfish ?

you are just ... you are just ... '' i stumble in my anger , trying to think of the right word .

`` yeah , you 're selfish , brynn !

i looked around that party for you for thirty minutes !

i thought you might have been kidnapped !

i almost called the cops ! ''

`` wait ... what ? ''

i reply , completely thrown .

`` ever heard of a text message ? ''

he asks , his voice laden with sarcasm .

`` yes , i 've heard of a text message ! ''

man , i wish i were better at arguing .

`` hey , wait a second , this is n't about me , this is about you !

you 're the asshole !

i heard what you were saying about me to jackson , i 'm not a buzzkill , and maybe i 'm not gorgeous , but i 'm not some kind of joke , either ! ''

i fight back the tears welling in my eyes , more angry than i 've ever been in my life .

there , that got him .

he stands dumbfounded and i seize the opportunity to walk out .

just as i 'm about to cross the threshold , he reaches around me and closes the door in front of me .

i stop short and turn around angrily , almost ready to smack him .

he 's standing so close to me i 'm practically pinned against the door .

`` wait , what ?

how 'd you hear that ?

you followed us outside ? ''

`` yes , i followed you , '' i reply , stumbling a bit because i know i was wrong in that regard .

`` i was mad because you were obviously trying to stop me from leaving with jackson , and i wanted to know why . ''

i take a deep breath .

`` i guess i ca n't control what you think about me , and that 's ... whatever , that 's fine , but i do n't know why you had to go sharing your opinion with jackson .

i mean , am i really that unattractive to you ? ''

to my horror , my lower lip starts to tremble .

i do n't want to cry right now but i ca n't hold back the tears any longer .

`` no ... shit , that 's not what ... '' nate says , his eyes widen as a tear slips down my cheek .

i furiously brush it away and nate backs up , running his hands through his wavy hair .

`` it 's not that i do n't want jackson to date you , it 's that i do n't want you to date jackson . ''

`` what ?

that does n't make any sense , '' i reply , trying to staunch the flow of tears as i tug at my hair .

`` jackson 's track record with women is pretty bad .

they 're just conquests to him . ''

i cross my arms and frown at him .

`` that sounds pretty hypocritical .

i mean , the first time we met , you asked me to have a threesome with you and you did n't even know my name . ''

a smile tugs at the corner of his mouth .

`` ok , that 's fair .

for the record , you just looked so shocked , and innocent-i could n't resist .

you 're right , it 's not like i have a great track record either .

i guess the difference , in my mind , is that i 'm upfront about it .

i 've never promised a woman a relationship .

the girls i sleep with , they know that it 's not going anywhere because i tell them that .

jackson pulls them in by promising them a future with him , and then as soon as he sleeps with them , he acts like they do n't exist . ''

`` but you 're friends with him ... '' i point out .

`` well , he 's a good friend .