loyal , funny ... '' `` but he sounds like a bad person .

i just ...

i do n't know why you 'd want to be friends with a person like that .

sorry , maybe i 'm just ... '' i shake my head , trying to process this new version of events .

`` he did ... what you just said about him does match up with some things he was saying to me .

god , i ca n't believe i fell for it . ''

`` he was n't always like that , '' nate says quietly , gesturing vaguely to a framed photo sitting on his desk .

i glance at it , then walk over to get a closer look .

`` oh my god , is that you ? ''

i ask , picking it up .

it 's a class photo from elementary school , three rows of smiling kids with their teacher standing next to them .

nate is easy to spot .

`` you look so serious , like you 're on the way to the office or something . ''

nate peers over my shoulder at it , his face an exact reflection of his younger self .

`` that was the year my mom left , '' he says quietly .

`` oh .

oh , i 'm sorry .

do you ever see her ? ''

`` no .

she made her choice . ''

he pauses for a moment .

`` that one 's jackson , '' he says , pointing out a grinning towheaded boy .

i snort .

he had a flirtatious smile even back then .

`` i 'm sorry you heard me say those things .

jackson 's the kind of guy who , if you tell him something 's off limits , that makes him want it even more .

he 's never been denied anything .

so i thought it would be better to convince him that he did n't want you in the first place . ''

i fiddle with the edge of the frame and then turn to face him .

he 's standing closer than i thought he was .

`` so ... you do n't think those things about me ? ''

i whisper , feeling suddenly vulnerable .

`` no , the exact opposite , really , '' he replies , equally softly .

`` brynn you are gorgeous . ''

there 's a charged moment between us .

i ca n't rip my gaze away from his eyes .

i realize he 's moving forward ever so slowly , and my lips automatically part , my body taking over from my brain .

every inch of my skin tingles , and i suddenly feel brave-a completely different reaction than anything i 've ever felt being this close to jackson .

just before his mouth touches mine , i close my eyes .

as our lips come together , an exquisite feeling rushes through me , unlike anything i 've ever felt before .

his lips graze mine , then return a bit more firmly , guiding me into a kiss .

i 've been kissed by a handful of guys over the years , but this kiss is something else .

nate is something else .

his hands wrap around my waist and slide to the small of my back as his lips crush against mine .

all my thoughts evaporate , all my worries and insecurities-maybe it 's that i can tell he knows exactly what he 's doing , and so i can let myself go , trust myself in his hands .

he nudges me slightly with his nose and his lower lip brushes against mine .

i almost gasp as i feel his tongue move smoothly into my mouth .

electricity flies straight from my mouth to the base of my hips .

i press my tongue against his as my hands move of their own accord up to his chest .

i lay my palms against his pecs and feel his racing heartbeat under his rapidly rising and falling chest .

it 's my first hint that there 's something else hiding under his completely confident exterior .

his tongue moves deeper into my mouth , and his hands pull me close against his body .

i wrap my arms around his neck and run my fingers through the hair falling onto the collar of his polo .

i can feel his erection pushing against my stomach as he slides one hand over my ass .

i want nothing more than to rip my clothes off , jump on his bed , and be ravaged by him ... to feel his mouth all over my body ... inside me ...

suddenly he pulls away .

i almost fall forward in surprise as my eyes blink open .

`` i should n't have done that , '' he mutters .

`` why ? ''

i whisper , falling quickly from my cloud .

`` it 's wrong ... you 're my stepsister .

maybe it 's best if we just keep our distance from each other . ''

`` yeah , you 're right ... '' i reply , feeling like he 's just slapped me in the face .

i walk quickly to the door .

i pause before i open it , wishing i could put into words what i 'm feeling , but i ca n't .

i open the door and close it softly behind me before rushing to my room .

as i curl up under the covers , i try to wrap my mind around all the twists this night has taken .

i ca n't believe nate and i just kissed .

i mean , i 've been dreaming about that moment since i first laid eyes on him freshman year .