i 've found that most things in life do n't live up to how i 've built them up in my head , but that kiss far surpassed any fantasy .

i can feel my body reacting at just the thought of his lips touching mine again .

but is he right ?

was it wrong of us to do that ?

light is creeping around the sides of my shades by the time i manage to fall asleep , and i still have n't managed to find an answer .

chapter twelve nate and i pass the next few weeks as though we 're each surrounded by an invisible force field .

whenever one of us enters a room , the other is propelled out of it .

we 're only pushed into close proximity with each other when we have a family dinner , though my mom has been pushing those on us quite frequently in an effort to bond .

if she only knew .

today , though , nate 's and my presence is required at the same event : the thornhill 's annual fourth of july party .

it 's in our very own backyard , starting in the afternoon with a crab boil and extending through the evening fireworks .

apparently we 'll get a good view of the country club 's annual fireworks display just down the river .

my mom has absolutely insisted on buying me a new dress for the occasion , and even came into the fitting room with me to make sure it fit correctly .

the shift dress is not exactly my style , but i 've seen it on plenty of girls at school .

i 'm just worried about spilling tartar sauce on the bright white fabric .

i pull on my new pair of gold wedges , and walk downstairs to see if my mom needs any help .

i 'm taken aback by the flurry of activity downstairs .

as i walk outside , i realize i 've underestimated the scale of this party .

when i heard `` crab boil , '' i was picturing a few picnic tables with red and white tablecloths , but this is clearly a classy affair .

there are elegant round tables set , with flowing linens and extravagant centerpieces on top of them .

the food is presented in silver trays , and garlands festoon the perimeter .

i spot my mom talking in hushed , urgent tones to one of the caterers , and head over .

`` oh , brynn , you look beautiful !

that dress fits you so well , '' she gushes .

`` thanks ... do you need any help ? ''

`` mmm , no .

i think we 're ok .

the guests should begin arriving in about ten minutes .

oh , go taste the freedom martini over at the bar and tell me what you think .

i 'm worried it 's a little too sweet . ''

`` the freedom martini ? ''

`` the signature cocktail we created for this event , '' the caterer next to her chimes in with a chipper grin .

`` ah , of course , '' i reply , heading for the bar .

the bartender serves me a pale pink drink and i take a sip .

not too sweet-it 's delicious , light and refreshing .

luckily the day is n't too hot , anyway .

the temperature has managed to stay below ninety degrees for the party .

i decide to go down to the river since i 'd just feel in the way while they 're setting up .

i walk down to the lower lawn and down the steps .

as i reach the shore , i navigate the rocky sand cautiously in my heels .

a splash on the other side of the large boulder grabs my attention .

i walk toward it and peer around .

nate 's standing there , skipping rocks with a smooth sidearm motion .

i pause , admiring his form , then decide it 's best to just go back up to the lawn before he notices me .

he 's made it clear he does n't want to talk to me .

i turn back and as i walk my heel catches on a rock .

i gasp as i slip sideways , and feel two strong hands catching me under my arms to hold me up .

`` whoa , careful , '' he says as he straightens me up .

`` thanks , '' i reply as i turn to him and tuck my hair back behind my ears .

`` you escaping from the commotion , too ? ''

`` yeah .

i do n't really enjoy these things . ''

`` really ?

you 're so ... '' i trail off .

`` what ? ''

he asks with a grin .

i groan .

`` fine .

i was going to say 'charming , ' ok ? ''

`` i knew it , '' he replies jokingly .

`` well , whatever charm you might be noticing has been developed over many years of practice .

my dad has been dragging me to these kinds of events for years .

i know the routine .

smile , shake hands , tell the kinds of jokes that do n't make anyone think too hard . ''

`` sounds ... horrible .

but at least there 's a lot of free food . ''

he gives me a bemused glance .

`` right .

sometimes i forget i do n't have to worry about that stuff anymore . ''

`` you were , um , not well-off before our parents- '' he drops his gaze .

`` i 'd say we were struggling .

but it was just the way i grew up .