could n't seal the deal ? ''

his smile falters a bit .

`` maybe i did n't feel like it . ''

`` well , i guess there 's a first time for everything .

just stay out of my life , ok ? ''

i say , and stalk toward the door .

`` i 'll stay out of yours if you stay out of mine , '' he counters .

i turn to face him , `` is that what this is about ?

you 're mad because i told you your mom called , so you try to ruin my date ? ''

i hold out my hands in surrender .

`` no , it was n't that . ''

`` then what ?

i do n't have time to play games with a crazy man-child . ''

`` i 'm sorry , alright ?

i just did n't like seeing you with that guy ... something about his face is just , so punch-able , '' he says , standing up and walking over to me .

`` why ?

this is the second time you 've come between me and a guy . ''

i hold up a hand to stop him from protesting .

`` and yeah , i know , jackson was n't a good choice , but that 's not the case with greg , ok ?

he 's a nice guy .

so tell me , why do you care ? ''

i challenge him as he looks down at me .

there 's a long pause as his pupils dilate , i can practically feel him struggling with the truth , but i refuse to move until he admits it .

`` you know why , '' he says , looking me in the eye , his voice low and husky .

before i know what 's happening , his arms are around me , pulling me against him .

his urgency takes my breath away-his fingers reach desperately under my shirt , grabbing at my bra strap and expertly undoing the clasps .

his mouth devours mine as he reaches back around my waist and picks me up effortlessly , bringing me over to his bed .

as nate puts me down , i realize my bra is hanging free in the back , and he breaks away from our kiss to rip off my top .

he pauses to look down at my breasts curving out of my limp bra before diving into my neck .

`` oh god , brynn , i have to have you , '' he groans .

i gasp as he sinks his teeth into my skin and then flicks his tongue across my taut neck muscles on his way up to my ear .

my knees buckle as his tongue presses into my ear , and i grab onto his neck for support .

my mind ca n't keep up with what 's happening , all my thoughts are a blur , but my body is urging me on , desperately .

as he sucks on my earlobe , i slide my hands down and under his shirt , finally feeling the body i 've coveted for so long .

his abs are even harder than i thought they would be , and they flex under my soft fingertips .

i keep sliding my hands upward , feeling his nipples harden under my palms , and i feel the growing bulge of his cock pressing against my thigh ...

i turn nate thornhill on .

holy fuck .

the thought drives me crazy and i feel myself instantly become moist with wanting , my body overcome with illicit , sinful lust .

no man has ever made me feel this way before .

he steps back for a moment and pulls off his shirt , tossing it carelessly on the ground , revealing his incredible body for all its glory .

thousands of hours spent at the gym on and on the field have painstakingly sculpted his muscles into a fucking masterpiece for womankind .

he slowly reaches forward and takes my bra straps under his expert fingers , pulling them off my arms and tossing my bra onto the pile of clothes on the floor .

i shiver involuntarily as he looks down my exposed body , exhaling softly out of his mouth .

he sinks to his knees in front of me and leans forward , kissing me gently on my stomach .

i place my hands on his shoulders as he moves up , running his tongue underneath the crease of my breasts .

i cry out as he takes my right breast into his mouth , sucking hard on my nipple .

he brings one hand up to massage my left breast , and i dip my head back , feeling pleasure swell in my body like i never have before .

i feel his fingers hook over the top of my skirt and slowly pull it down as his mouth moves to my left breast , softly biting it before flicking his tongue back and forth across my areola .

i hear my skirt fall to the floor and his hands glide up my legs from my knees , his thumbs hooking around my inner thigh .

he dips his head and kisses me softly just above the top of my white cotton underwear .

`` i 've been dreaming about how sweet you taste , '' he murmurs , almost inaudibly .

he pulls my panties down just a bit and runs his tongue over the now exposed skin .

i begin to shake , a mixture of unbridled desire and nerves , as he slides my underwear down to my ankles .

i feel his warm breath on my skin , just a moment before his mouth is on me , kissing and licking my most intimate of places .