i had just finished cleaning up the glass of water i knocked off the table when i dropped a piece of chicken off my fork and onto my shirt .

`` sorry i could n't make it today , guys , '' pierce says .

`` looks like you could have used some more supervision .

nate should n't have taken you on any dangerous trails . ''

`` oh , it was n't dangerous , '' i rush to nate 's defense .

`` he was trying to teach me how to spot poison ivy , actually , and i walked right off the trail .

i did n't realize how close i was to the edge and the ground just gave way under me .

it was all my fault .

he was the one who pulled me back up and taped my ankle . ''

`` well , it could n't hurt to get it looked at by a doctor on monday , '' my mom points out .

`` i think it 'll be fine , really , '' i insist .

`` anyone want dessert ? ''

my mom asks .

`` no , thanks , '' nate and i both respond at the same time .

i bite my lip to keep from laughing .

`` what 's so amusing ? ''

pierce asks , looking at his son , his voice dangerously quiet .

`` inside joke , '' i reply quickly .

`` i 'll help you clear the table , mom . ''

we both stand and grab a couple plates and head into the kitchen .

as soon as the swinging door shuts behind me , i hear pierce 's voice .

even though his words are muffled , i can tell by his tone that he 's berating nate for something .

i look at my mom .

she turns on the water and begins rinsing off the plates before putting them into the dishwasher .

`` is it ok with you that he talks to nate like that ? ''

`` it 's between the two of them , '' my mom replies quietly without looking up at me .

i feel anger surge inside me .

`` you keep trying to make us a family , but then you wo n't get involved in their relationship .

you ca n't have it both ways . ''

before she can reply , i spin back around and into the dining room .

pierce breaks off abruptly as i enter the room , and i quickly clear the rest of the dishes before limping upstairs to my room .

i take a deep breath as i close my bedroom door behind me .

i do n't want to have this night ruined by my anger at my mom and pierce .

i head into the bathroom and turn on my shower .

i still have n't had a chance to wash off the sweat from our kayaking and hiking trip today , and i want to smell like a rose tonight .

my body tingles in anticipation as i peel off my shirt and shorts .

i glance down at my wrapped ankle , wondering if it 's ok to get wet .

probably fine .

i pull off my sports bra and underwear and then study myself in the mirror , running my hands over my breasts and then across my stomach .

nate 's already seen me naked , i remind myself , as nerves surge up in my stomach .

and i already know he likes me .

it will be ok .

i step under the hot stream of water and take my time washing my hair .

as the conditioner sets , i shave my legs and my bikini line , going a little bit narrower than i would normally .

i know that a lot of girls at college go completely bare , but i ca n't bring myself to go that far .

i turn off the water and towel myself off , then part my hair in the middle and let it air dry .

i pull a pair of cotton pajama bottoms and a camisole from my bureau and put them on .

i 'm not sure if that 's sexy or not , but i 'm trying not to overthink it .

i 'm certainly not succeeding , but i am trying .

i head over to my computer and sit down .

i know that nate will probably wait for our parents to go to bed before he does anything , so i 've got a couple of hours to go at least .

i begin to click around the internet , but i 'm not able to absorb myself in anything .

i keep wondering what 's going to happen tonight .

i do n't want to get my hopes up , but i think i have an idea .

or at least , i know what i want to happen .

i finally decide to play some mindless tv on hulu , and settle back in my chair .

`` goodnight , brynn ! ''

i finally hear my mom call as she heads up to the third floor .

i freeze .

`` goodnight ! ''

i call back , and immediately begin pulling at the ends of my hair .

i keep watching tv until i hear pierce heading upstairs , too , then quickly close my computer and hurry into the bathroom , wincing as i put too much weight on my right ankle .

i run my fingers through my hair and decide i should brush my teeth .

just as i 'm putting my toothbrush back down , i hear a soft knock at my door .

my heart jumps in my chest .

i walk back into my bedroom just in time to see the door open and nate stick his head in .