`` hi , '' i murmur .

`` hi , '' he replies , taking a couple more steps in and closing the door behind him .

i smile at him nervously .

i suddenly have no idea what to say-the usual ease of conversation between us is replaced with jittery nerves and excitement .

his appearance right now is n't helping matters .

he 's barefoot , and wearing jeans and a v-neck white t-shirt .

he looks impossibly , effortlessly sexy .

`` i ca n't remember the last time i was nervous with a woman , '' he finally says .

`` oh , well ... good .

i 'm nervous , too , i mean . ''

he smiles and begins to walk slowly toward me .

`` i want to do everything with you , brynn .

the idea of being the first one to show you ... everything ... '' he takes a deep breath .

`` but i 'm going to go slowly .

you have to tell me if i 'm ever moving too quickly , alright ?

it 's going to be hard for me not to get caught up in the moment . ''

i nod and realize that i 've been holding my breath while he 's been talking .

he stops just in front of me and wraps his arms around my waist , then leans his head forward until his forehead rests against mine .

`` come to bed , '' he whispers .

a thrill of pleasure runs through me .

`` you do n't know how long i 've wanted to hear you say that . ''

he grins widely and presses his lips against mine .

in contrast to our recent urgent caresses , this one is slow and gentle .

perhaps because we know we 're finally on the same page , and we have all night to spend with each other .

his tongue delicately flicks against mine , and i feel his hands move under my ass and pick me up .

he spins and walks to the bed , setting me down in a seated position on the edge .

`` is there anything ... in particular you want tonight ? ''

`` i just want you , '' i reply with a shrug .

`` well , that i can do . ''

he grabs the bottom of his t-shirt and pulls it off over his head .

i bite my lip .

the tightness and size of his muscles always takes me aback .

i lean forward and nuzzle my nose into the hair just under his belly button , then softly kiss him .

i hear a low grunt from the back of his throat and lean back to look at him questioningly .

he 's looking down at me like he 's about to devour me in one bite , but he takes a deep breath and kneels down in front of me , spreading my knees apart so he can push right up against me .

he pulls me toward him and opens my lips with his .

as our tongues meet , i feel his fingertips gliding softly over the top of my camisole , barely touching my right breast .

i press forward into his hand , but he pulls back .

i quickly learn my lesson and stay still as his fingers return , teasingly running just under the fabric .

finally i feel him reach up with both hands and pull the cotton down and hook it under my breasts so it stays put .

he dips his head and pulls my breasts together , taking one nipple into his mouth and sucking on it , then quickly moving over to the other .

i moan and tilt my head back as my hands grip the comforter beside me .

he backs off and takes the bottom hem of my shirt , pulling it off over my head .

`` you have the most gorgeous breasts , '' he breathes , palming them as though he 's sculpting clay .

`` really ?

i 've always been self-conscious of them . ''

`` why ? ''

he looks at me in shock .

`` they 're perfect . ''

he leans forward to kiss me softly , then begins to unbutton his jeans .

`` wait , um , can i ? ''

i stop him .

he smiles at me and stands .

i slowly reach forward and finish unbuttoning them , then move the zipper down .

i can feel his eyes on me , but i keep my gaze on what i know is waiting for me underneath his denim .

the arch of his cock is pressing against his boxer-briefs as i push his jeans past his knees .

i pause and then take the sides of his waistband and pull them out and around .

his thick mushroom tip springs out as soon i pull the boxers down .

he 's so big that i ca n't begin to imagine how he 's going to fit inside me .

my worry must read on my face , because he says , `` we 'll take it slow . ''

i nod and push the boxers down to his jeans , holding them as he steps out of them .

i gulp as i 'm face-to-face again with his manhood .

`` have you ever ... ? ''

he asks leadingly , nodding down at himself .

`` never , '' i reply .

`` give me your hands . ''

i obey , reaching up to place mine in his large outstretched palms .

he places one on his thigh , and brings the other to his shaft .

he wraps it around the base , and then moves it up to his tip , then back down .