`` just like that .

nice and easy at first . ''

he removes his hand and i keep going , feeling the soft , veiny skin of his cock ripple slightly at my touch .

he takes my other hand and places it on his balls , massaging them with me .

his hands then drop by his sides , and i look up to see his eyes closing and his lips parting .

instinctively , i lean forward and , tucking my lips over my teeth , i take him inside my mouth .

i hear him gasp and i smile inwardly .

he does n't know that i 've read my fair share of dirty books , even if i 've never actually put anything into practice .

i keep moving my mouth down his length , seeing how far in i can take him .

i stop when he hits the back wall of my mouth , though i 'm still not at his base , and then begin to slide back out .

`` oh , fuck , brynn .

you sure you 've never done this before ? ''

he asks me , eyes wide as i swirl my tongue around his tip and then pull him back inside my mouth .

i move my hand back to his balls and massage him again as i move up and down his dick .

i hear him moan and feel his hand move to the back of my head , his fingers grasping my hair .

`` enough , '' he grunts , pulling his hips back .

`` stand up . ''

normally when nate takes that tone with me or orders me around , it really gets under my skin .

but right now , it 's turning me the hell on .

i jump to my feet .

he abruptly takes the elastic waist of my pants and yanks them to the ground .

we stand facing each other naked , the air between us charged .

without taking his eyes off mine , he reaches forward and between my legs .

i cry out softly as he slips one finger over my wet clit , and then inside me .

i almost fall forward at the strength of my reaction to his touch , and have to grab onto his shoulders to support myself .

he pulls me into him so that i 'm curled against his chest , my head resting just under his chin .

his finger moves in and out of me , and his thumb flicks over my clit .

i reach down and begin to run my hand up and down his cock like he showed me , though i 'm so turned on that i 'm hardly aware of what i 'm doing .

`` you 're almost ready , '' he whispers .

he pulls his hand out of me and picks me up under the armpits and tosses me onto the bed .

in a second he 's pushing my legs apart and kneeling between them .

his head ducks down and i buck wildly as his tongue takes a long lick of my clit .

i feel him slip two fingers inside me , and can feel him pressing them all around , stretching me out .

his tongue circles and flicks against me the whole time , until i begin to unravel .

`` oh , nate , oh , yes ! ''

i cry out , but he stops .

i gasp at the sudden lack of contact and pick up my head to look at him .

he 's no longer between my legs , but standing to get something out of his jeans .

he smiles at me as he shows me the condoms he 's taking out of his pocket .

he rips one off and pulls it open with his teeth , then tosses the rest on the bed next to me as he walks back .

i watch as he holds it to his tip and then unrolls it down his shaft .

then he kneels back on the bed , his legs between mine , and lies down on top of me with his weight on his elbows .

`` this first time will probably hurt a little , but it 'll feel good soon , '' he promises , brushing a strand of hair behind my ear .

i nod nervously .

he kisses me , his tongue softly caressing mine , as i feel his dick against my opening .

i ca n't believe it 's finally happening .

he reaches down , pulling my leg up and holding it against his hip as he takes his cock in his other hand , positioning it at just the right angle .

i gasp as he enters me and sharp pain reverberates through my entire lower half .

i feel his hips stop their forward motion .

he moves his mouth over to my ear , softly sucking on my earlobe and darting his tongue in and out as he moves forward again .

the pleasurable sensation at my ear helps to distract me from the massive pressure i feel pressing into me .

i close my eyes and wrap my arms around his back , willing myself to relax .

i know i 'm in good hands .

just when i think the pain will be more than i can handle , he stops , and i can feel the skin around his hips pressing against mine .

he 's all the way in .

he circles around slowly , and i feel my first twinge of pleasure at the sensation .

he pulls his head back and looks at me .

`` ok ? ''

he asks .

i nod , feeling breathless .

without taking his eyes off me , he begins to pull back out , all the way to his tip , before sliding in again .