then i tuck my lips around my teeth and wrap them around him , stretching my mouth wide to receive him .

i move slowly down his length , wanting to make him feel as good as he 's been making me feel .

and to tease him a little , too , if i 'm being perfectly honest .

i look up at him as i pull back , and see him biting his lip as he looks down at me .

i circle his tip with my tongue for a minute as he watches me .

i feel myself growing wet-why going down on him turns me on so much i do n't know , but it does .

his fingers wrap around the back of my head , digging into my hair , as he dips his head back .

i take him in my mouth again and begin to move faster .

i bring one hand up to massage his balls , and wrap the other around his shaft , following my mouth .

i still ca n't fit his whole cock in my mouth , so i figure this is kind of a good cheat .

my eyes begin to water a bit as i hear him begin to groan .

i move even faster , excited to feel him come in my mouth , and to taste him .

`` oh , fuck , fuck , i 'm coming , '' he moans , and suddenly my mouth is filled with liquid .

i keep moving my head back and forth even as i feel it leak a little out of the corner of my mouth .

should i swallow it ?

i do n't know what else to do , so i lean back for a moment and feel it run down my throat .

nate 's taking deep breaths above me , his chest heaving , so i lean forward again and kiss his shaft gently as it softens a bit .

i guess i expected it to , you know , go down right away , but it stays mostly erect as i stand back up .

to my surprise , he wraps his arms around me and kisses me .

i thought he might feel some compunction considering where my mouth has been , but his tongue slips readily against mine and i relax against him .

his hand slides down my ass and he rubs himself against me .

`` how much longer do you think they 'll be gone ? ''

he asks breaking away and bringing his other hand up to my cheek .

`` no idea . ''

`` well , i 'll make this quick , just in case . ''

he pushes me away and steps back .

`` strip . ''

i almost gasp at the pleasure his command sends rushing through me .

i pull off my shirt and yoga pants , then unhook my bra and slide my panties to the ground as he watches .

my lips part as he wraps his hand around his cock as it hardens completely again .

`` i want you to go on birth control soon , ok ?

i do n't want to have to wear a condom with you . ''

`` does it feel very different ? ''

`` oh yeah .

and i want to feel myself right up against you . ''

he walks over to his bedside table and pulls a condom out and tosses it on the bed .

`` come , '' he says , holding his hand out to me .

i walk over , and he turns me around , pulling my back against him .

i feel his cock hitting the small of my back as he runs his fingers over my stomach and then up over my breasts , gently pinching my nipples .

i groan into his touch .

i 've never felt anything close to the way he makes me feel .

`` a little faster and harder this time , ok ? ''

he asks , and i nod , already beyond speaking .

his fingers slide down and over my clit , and i can hear the sounds of my wetness as he presses one finger inside me .

`` you 're already so wet ... good girl . ''

his other hand snakes up to my face and turns my cheek so that i 'm facing him .

he kisses me , hard , his tongue ravaging my mouth as his finger circles inside my opening .

his thumb flicks over my clit and i cry out in pleasure and surprise .

as if he were just waiting for this response , he turns me around and pushes me down on my back on the bed .

he picks up the condom next to me and quickly rips it open and pulls it on .

he grabs my hips and steps forward , pulling my ass down so that it 's just on the edge of the bed .

he bends over me , quickly pulling my breast into his mouth and gently nibbling on my nipple .

he moves his weight onto his elbows and i feel him pressing inside me .

there 's a slight soreness left over from last night , but also instant pleasure .

he stretches me open , pushing slowly but surely until he 's all the way in .

my hands dig into his back as he thrusts again , a little harder .

then he stands up , still inside me , and pulls my legs up so that my calves are resting on his shoulders .

he moves his right hand over my crotch , and i moan as he begins to circle my clit with his thumb .

i cry out as he begins to pull in and out of me at the same time , and i watch his face as he watches himself move inside my opening .