the combination of his fingers on my clit and his cock inside me is quickly driving me crazy .

`` aaggh , '' i cry out intelligibly , and nate 's eyes snap up to my face .

he removes his hand from my clit and leans forward so that both of his palms are spread on the comforter .

my legs are still on his shoulders , and i can feel a good stretch in my hamstrings in this position .

i 'm also completely immobilized as he begins to drive into me in earnest now , his jaw tense and his neck muscles bulging .

i close my eyes and lose myself to the sensation of being drilled over and over again .

he 's hitting me so deeply , and i 'm absolutely out of control and powerless .

maybe it would make me nervous with some other man , but i feel completely safe with nate .

as an orgasm begins to rip through me , i feel his hands gripping my shoulders tightly , pulling me down against him as he comes inside me .

`` brynn , oh , fuck , brynn ! ''

he shouts as he releases himself .

my legs fall off his shoulders and splay onto the comforter as he collapses on top of me .

i gasp for air , and drowsily wipe the hair out of my face as i feel him stir on top of me .

he picks his head up and listens for a moment .

`` they 're still not home . ''

`` mm , guess not , '' i murmur rather incoherently .

`` good , '' he says with a wicked smile , and begins to kiss down the middle of my chest as he slides to his knees on the floor .

`` nate , what are you-oh , god , '' i moan , as he takes a long lick of my slit .

`` i ca n't wait until tonight to taste you again .

it 's like i 'm addicted to this , to you . ''

i close my eyes as he begins to flick his tongue across my clit .

i thought i was completely worn out , but i 'm coming back to life shockingly quickly under his deft tongue .

his hands pin my knees to the sides of the bed , stretching me wide open so that he has complete access and control .

i feel his tongue dart in and out of me-a completely different sensation than when he uses his fingers .

my back arches off the bed as he moves back to my clit , circling it relentlessly .

i whimper as i feel waves of pleasure begin to reverberate through my body .

my body wants to rock and shake , but nate 's hands pin me firmly to the bed , and his tongue keeps flicking across me .

my energy has no choice but to be completely directed to the reaction he 's eliciting .

for some reason , it 's when nate backs off slightly that my body rocks into a full-out orgasm , my back arching wildly off the bed , just the top of my head and my hips remaining in contact with the comforter .

`` oh my god , '' i breathe as i relax down .

i lift my head slightly and watch him lick his lips before lying down next to me on the bed and lazily flopping an arm over my waist .

`` we should get dressed , '' he reminds me , kissing me quickly before jumping back up .

i groan .

where 's he getting all this energy ?

i feel like i could sleep for days .

`` do you think there will ever be a day when we can tell them ? ''

i ask with a yawn as i sit up .

he pauses for a moment as he pulls open a dresser drawer .

`` i do n't know .

let 's just keep it our secret for now . ''

`` no , no , i was n't saying i- '' i break off as we both hear a car pulling up to the front of the house .

i hurry over to the pile of my clothes and ball them up in my arms before running to the door .

`` see you later ! ''

i call quietly over my shoulder as i dash naked down the hallway .

as i shut my door behind me and begin pulling on my clothes , i wonder why nate was so quick to suggest that we keep it quiet .

not that i want something different-for now , at least .

but someday ...

i mean , does he just envision keeping our relationship secret forever ?

what kind of relationship would that be , anyway ?

i sigh .

these kind of questions are what allison warned me about in the first place .

it 's just ... fuck .

what was once a far-off crush has become real for me .

too real .

and nate has said he has feelings for me , that i 'm different , but he has n't been any more specific than that .

on my end , i do n't think this is a purely sexual infatuation .

i 'm really falling for him .

chapter twenty-three going to work this week and being away from nate during the day has felt like going through physical withdrawal .

i really have to force myself to focus , because sometimes i find myself staring off into the distance , remembering what he did to me the previous night .

i wish i could just go straight home at six today , but i promised allison i 'd go shopping with her .