i moan as i feel his calloused palm against my nipple .

he pulls his mouth away quickly and leans his torso back .

his fingers brush against the front of my bra for a moment , and then i feel his deft fingers unhook the front closure of my new bra .

i feel my breasts spring out , and his thumbs brush against my nipples as he cups them in his hands .

he begins to massage them more strongly , and suddenly i feel him sucking my right nipple into my mouth .

he flicks his tongue across it as he sucks , then moves to my other side .

`` i 'm ready , '' i moan .

`` uh-uh , not yet , '' he replies , pulling my breast out of his mouth for a moment .

then he begins to trail kisses down my stomach , pausing for a moment to circle his tongue in my belly button .

i feel him graze his fingers across the narrow strips of fabric on the sides of my panties .

`` i like these very much , '' he murmurs .

`` maybe we 'll try to keep these on . ''

then he 's gone .

i hear the sounds of what could be his shirt being pulled over his head , but i ca n't be sure .

there 's silence for another minute , and i 'm suspended in this pool of pleasure where he 's left me , completely under his control .

i gasp as i feel him blow a stream of warm breath against my panties and feel my body shake involuntarily .

his hands run up my thighs and then under the sides of my underwear , and i know he must be kneeling in front of me .

i feel him slowly dip one finger under the right side of my panties , pulling them away from my body and tucking them to the other side .

he blows on me again , and now his breath hits my clit directly .

`` spread your legs , '' he commands me quietly .

i obey , inching myself out on my high heels .

his tongue slides into my slit and i cry out .

`` oh , nate , '' i moan , and he begins to flick his tongue back and forth across me .

i unravel quickly , and he begins to speed up , circling his tongue rapidly .

but just as i 'm on the brink , my body arching as much as it can , he slows down again .

i whimper .

he does n't stop completely , but he 's not going fast enough to bring me release .

his right hand slips over my ass , under the fabric of my panties .

i gasp as he slips one finger inside me .

i 've never had anything back there .

he circles it inside me , mirroring his actions with his tongue .

once i get over my surprise at the foreign feeling , i find that i like it .

on top of everything that he 's already done to me , and is still doing , it 's driving me right toward the edge again .

i moan as he slips two fingers from his other hand inside my opening , making a beckoning motion against my g-spot .

i feel a spasm begin to rip through my body , but he pulls his mouth away completely .

my knees almost buckle at the empty feeling he 's left behind .

`` nate ... '' i protest .

he leans back in , flicking his tongue once , hard , over my clit .

my body ripples in response .

the pleasure has built up inside me to such an extent that being unable to let go of it feels painful .

i need him to let me come .

`` yes ? ''

he answers innocently , and tortures me with another hard flick of his tongue , his fingers still circling slowly inside me .

`` please ... '' the pleasure is overloading my brain , and i can barely think .

`` please what ? ''

`` i need you ... please .

i need you inside me right now .

please , i 'm begging you .

i 'm begging you , nate . ''

i almost faint with relief as he takes his fingers out of me and i hear the sound of a condom being ripped open .

he steps into me and grabs one of my legs , wrapping it around his waist as he thrusts into me .

i cry out at the contact .

he drives in hard , slamming me against the bed post , and on just his second thrust , i feel my orgasm finally releasing through me as he presses into me again and again .

his mouth covers mine as the last waves of pleasure crest over me .

even though i 'm exhausted , i can feel that he 's still hard inside me .

i feel him reach behind me , and realize that he 's unknotting the t-shirt around my hands .

my arms drop to my sides , and he pulls out of me .

i feel him taking my hips and turning me , then he presses one hand roughly down on my back and i realize he 's pressing my top half down onto the mattress .

i turn my head to the side so i can breathe as he pulls my panties , still bunched to one side , to my ankles .

his hand still holding me down , i feel him enter me from behind .

even though i 'm spent from my first orgasm and all the build-up leading to it , i feel my body begin to respond again .