i feel him slide his thumb into my ass and gasp .

i never realized how many nerves endings were back there .

`` brace yourself , '' he warns me , and begins to thrust harder into me .

my fingers search for the edge of the bed and i 'm just able to grasp it as he drives in deeper than he ever has before .

he plunges into me again and again , hitting my g-spot directly every time .

a second orgasm takes me by surprise , as though it was lying dormant until he awoke it .

my body arches and shakes as i feel him pull out of me and a wetness cover my back .

as my body quiets , i hear him hurrying to the bathroom and then him rubbing a tissue on my back .

`` i 'm sorry , i do n't know why i did that , '' he murmurs .

`` hm ?

did what ? ''

i mumble , reaching up to remove the makeshift blindfold from my eyes .

`` i ... i came on you , '' he replies , halting his wiping motions to look me in the eye .

`` nate ... it 's ok .

it does n't bother me , '' i assure him .

`` really ? ''

he asks , looking relieved .

`` i 've never done that before , i just ... i just wanted to see it on you , or something .

i 'm worried ... i worry i push you too far . ''

`` i like what we do together , '' i reply , stretching my arms above my head .

`` as far as i 'm concerned , we 're going to do a lot more , so you better get used to it . ''

`` is that so ? ''

he asks , with a smile .

`` yep .

now clean me off .

if we 're going to do this again tomorrow night , i need to get some sleep . ''

chapter twenty-four the next day , thornhill and co. is abuzz with the official announcement of mark broadman becoming a new client .

there 's talk that other high-profile investors could follow suit , including some of broadman 's contacts in silicon valley .

apparently the tech crowd is quite interested in influencing public policy .

i 'm just glad that everyone is in such a good mood , because it helps me fit in .

my relationship with nate , not to mention our late night sessions , has me practically glowing .

constance talks to me happily in our cubicle , the awkwardness of our first day of working together having finally melted away over the summer months .

she swivels in her chair and raises her eyebrows at me as greg walks by , giving me a small wave .

`` ok , what happened there ? ''

she asks conspiratorially .

`` it was nothing , '' i assure her , keeping my eyes on my computer , though i can see out of my periphery that she 's still looking at me .

`` oh , come on .

i wo n't tell .

but it 's obvious ... i mean , for a couple weeks you guys were hanging out a bunch , and now he completely avoids you . ''

i sigh .

`` we went on a couple dates , and then we decided to break it off .

but please keep it between us , alright ? ''

`` mmhm , '' constance murmurs , swiveling back around .

she can sense , rightfully so , that i 'm not telling her the whole story .

greg reacted as well as could be hoped when i told him i did n't want to go on any more dates with him .

i blamed the office environment , and said i had extra pressure on me to be professional as the boss 's stepdaughter , but i think he saw through that excuse .

at least he could never guess the real reason .

now whenever i see him he 's polite but standoffish .

i watch the corner of my screen , waiting to see if allison will send me a gchat message , but none arrives .

i 'll give it a little more time , and then reach out to her .

i do n't want to throw our whole friendship away over my relationship with nate-not that we do n't have some things to talk about .

it 's not that i need her approval exactly , but i do need her to stop judging .

`` lunch , '' constance says , nudging me .

i stand up and see other people making their way to the big conference room .

pierce has had lunch catered for the whole office to celebrate the new client .

as we walk in , i notice that the temporary wall to the kitchen has been pulled back to make way for everyone .

pierce and roderick , his business partner , stand by the buffet , happily talking with their employees .

pierce smiles at me as constance and i make our way up to grab some plates .

`` roderick , you 've met my stepdaughter brynn , right ? ''

`` yes , good to see you again , brynn , '' roderick , a well-dressed man a bit younger than pierce says , then turns away to shake someone 's hand .

pierce leans in .

`` you look particularly beautiful today , brynn , '' he remarks .

`` oh , thank you , pierce , '' i reply , a bit taken aback .

constance and i stand around the conference room for a while talking to the other interns , everyone sharing their plans for once they get back to school , and the rising seniors , like me , discussing what we 'll do after we graduate .