after eileen leaves and i 've hidden away in my room , i ca n't help but marvel at her kindness .

it 's been a long time since my own mother has taken care of me and comforted me the way she did , even though the afternoon might have gone even worse for her than it did for me .

she told me that she 's learned not to get her hopes up for a reunion over the years , though it does still hurt .

i keep picturing the anger on nate 's face as he ended our romantic relationship .

i could tell he really meant the things he was saying .

my body aches at the thought that i wo n't get to touch him again , and feel him against me .

already i feel like it 's been ages since i 've seen him .

i hear my mom and pierce come home in the late afternoon , and i glance at my locked door .

i do n't want to see them now , or anytime soon , for that matter .

i think of how nate begins to resemble his father when he gets angry , but his mother in his kindness .

even though she was only in his life until he was eight or nine , she must have had some influence on him in those early years , in addition to whatever good traits she passed down to him genetically .

i suppose i wanted to tip the scales in her direction , to make sure that nate keeps listening to the side of himself that his mother has passed on to him .

but clearly , i do n't have the power to make such a thing happen .

mistake .

he referred to what happened between us as a mistake .

my body curls around myself as though i 've just been punched in the gut .

i can feel the pain reverberating in my bones .

i thought maybe you were different than all the other girls i 've fucked , but you 're not .

you 're nothing special to me , brynn .

his words keep echoing around in my head , and i ca n't make them go away .

i do n't know if i 've ever felt so completely hollow before .

eventually , i fall asleep , my body finally giving in to the exhaustion i feel .

when i wake up , it 's almost ten at night .

my mom did n't even try to wake me for dinner , i realize .

i feel a surge of anger against her .

mothers are supposed to protect their children , but of course she 's taking pierce 's side .

she thinks he 's some kind of savior , rescuing her and her abandoned daughter from some lonely life .

i want to scream .

i want her to be stronger , to be there for me like i 've been there for her countless times .

but i know my anger is useless ; i 've long ago realized that i ca n't change her , ca n't expect her to be any different from the way that she is .

my stomach grumbles , reminding me that i 've skipped a meal or two today .

i do n't even feel like eating , but i know that i 'll never be able to get to sleep again tonight without a little something in my stomach .

i sigh and get out of bed and head over to my bureau , pulling a sweatshirt on over my t-shirt .

i cautiously open my door and listen .

i think i can just hear the sounds of the tv from my mom and pierce 's room .

should be safe , then .

i tiptoe down the hallway , pausing at the open door to nate 's dark room .

still out , i guess .

probably drinking somewhere .

how long can this situation last ?

i wonder as i walk quietly down the stairs .

i feel like we 're all tightly-wound strings , and one of us is bound to break sometime .

i know i for one ca n't keep creeping around the house like this , avoiding everyone .

in the kitchen , i fix myself a grilled cheese sandwich , feeling the need for some comfort food .

i 'm just turning off the stove top when i hear the door to pierce 's study open .

i hurry to grab the spatula and slide the sandwich onto my plate before he comes in , but i 'm too late .

`` brynn , '' he says from the doorway .

`` we missed you at dinner . ''

ugh , that asshole , acting like nothing happened .

`` just fixing something now , '' i answer shortly .

as i put the spatula and pan into the sink , i see over my shoulder that he 's walking toward me .

he plants himself between the island and the fridge , trapping me by the counter .

`` your mother is very upset , '' he tells me , his eyebrow bending into a concerned frown .

`` is she ? ''

i ask through gritted teeth .

if he expects me to apologize , as though her mood is my fault , then he 's mistaken .

`` brynn , i think you 've gotten the wrong idea about me , '' he murmurs , taking another step toward me .

i reluctantly turn to face him .

`` you have no idea how hard it is for a man , to have a beautiful woman like you in the house . ''

`` i 'm your stepdaughter , pierce , '' i practically growl as my heartbeat jumps in my chest .