megan worked to get mason into the car seat in her parents ' land rover .

once he was safely strapped and buckled in , she hopped in beside him .

her parents rattled along to each other as they made their way through the tree-lined suburbs where megan had grown up .

while some might look on her as having a mark against her character being an unwed mother , she had lived a relatively non-rebellious life .

even though she 'd been a cheerleader and ran with the popular crowd in school , she rarely partied to excess .

instead , she had focused on getting good grades .

at that time , she had her heart set on going to medical school and becoming a doctor .

from the time she was a little girl , she had wanted nothing more than to help people .

she was always mending birds with broken wings or trying to resuscitate squirrels who had been hit by cars .

she ditched playing princess for playing `` hospital . ''

her desire to become a doctor was why she needed the best scores and best activities and why she generally shunned any temptations to lead her off the right path .

she had even managed to bypass the usual freshman craziness when she went off to the university of georgia .

it was n't until she fell in love for the first time in her life that she threw everything away .

sadly , she could n't say that her first love was davis , mason 's father .

instead , it was another football player , this time a running back at uga , who captured and later broke her heart a year later .

carsyn ran with the fast crowd , and when she was with him , she partied and drank too much .

he was controlling and possessive , and he wanted all of her time .

when she was with him , she had little time for studying .

with her grades already in the toilet , she was unprepared for the emotional breakdown she experienced when carsyn broke up with her .

devastated , she stopped going to class and ended up flunking the semester .

by the time she got back on track with her grades , she had abandoned any hope of medical school .

instead , she decided that she would become a nurse , which would fulfill her need to care for sick people .

of course , her relationship with davis ended up derailing shortly before graduation when she got pregnant unexpectedly .

she had to take several semesters off after mason was born .

she was a few years off from when she had originally planned on graduating , but she was excited after everything had that had happened , she was finally finishing .

her mother 's voice brought megan out of her thoughts .

`` here we are , '' she said pleasantly .

leaning forward in her seat , megan eyed the clock on the dashboard .

she was n't surprised to see they had arrived half an hour before the baptism started .

one thing her mother prided herself on was being on time and lending a hand .

as they started into the church , her mother reached for mason .

`` we 'll take him so you can go see if emma needs any help . ''

megan bent over to kiss mason 's cheek .

`` see you in a little while , sweetie . ''

he grinned and then happily dodged her mother 's arms for her father 's instead , which made megan smile .

he was such a man 's man already .

he loved sitting between her brothers on the couch and watching tv .

while it was good that he had so many male role models , she only hoped he had n't inherited too much of his father 's personality .

after megan watched them disappear in the crowd of family and friends waiting in the church alcove , she bypassed everyone by turning right and heading down the hallway .

at the last door on the right , she knocked .

`` it 's me , megan . ''

emma 's best friend , casey , answered the door .

`` well , if it is n't the fairy godmother , '' she mused with a grin .

after megan stepped inside , casey threw her arms around her .

megan had only met her a few times , but it was hard not liking emma 's vivacious and outgoing friend .

casey 's long brown hair was pulled back in a lose knot , and she wore a demure black slip dress and heels .

`` so how 's it going ? ''

megan asked , gazing from noah 's diapered but na**d form to emma .

she was feeding him a bottle while her upper body was draped in a towel .

peeking out from the covering , she saw emma was wearing her signature color , green .

as noah sucked on his bottle , he twirled a strand of emma 's auburn hair between his fingers .

both father and son were fans of emma wearing her hair down .

emma grinned .

`` good , i guess .

i mean , i do n't have a lot of experience with baptisms . ''

megan laughed and motioned to the towel and noah .

`` it looks like you 're taking all the proper precautions-nothing like spit-up on your dress or his . ''

with a nod , emma replied , `` tell me about it .

especially since his gown is so old . ''

megan eyed the lacy baptismal gown hanging on the closet door .

she recognized it from pictures of ankle 's baptism .

he had worn it , and now it was being passed down to his son .