`` i 'd love to . ''

`` great , i 'll see you tomorrow then ! ''

she says , giving nate a hug before walking down the steps .

`` is it weird that i want to be friends with your mom ? ''

i ask him as we watch her get into her car .

`` not weirder than sleeping with your stepbrother , '' he murmurs wickedly in my ear .

`` you think you 've had enough of this party ? ''

i shiver at the implication of his words .

`` i think so . ''

he nods over his shoulder toward the front door of the house and i follow him inside .

the living room has several people in it now , but he continues up the steps and to his bedroom down the hall .

`` there is n't going to be another girl under your covers , is there ? ''

i ask him teasingly as he opens the door .

he turns to me with a grin .

`` only you now , brynn . ''

he wraps his arms around my waist and pulls me across the threshold , shutting the door behind me and then pressing me up against it .

my body lights up with desire as his mouth covers mine and he pulls my arms over my head , keeping them pinned to the door with one hand over my wrists .

i feel his other hand pulling up the hem of my summer dress as his legs push between mine .

`` alright if this one 's a little quick ? ''

he asks , nibbling on my ear .

`` i just want to feel you , '' i breathe , arching my back and pressing my breasts onto his chest .

with a grunt , he pulls away , reaching into his pocket .

i pull my dress over my head as he yanks his zipper down and pushes his boxers and khakis to his knees , rolling the condom over his length .

i barely manage to get my panties to the floor when he steps back into me , grabbing my ass and hoisting me up .

i moan as i feel his tip press against my opening .

i must have tightened up a bit in the time we 've spent apart because there 's a shot of pain as he slides me down his shaft .

i wrap my arms around the back of his neck and lock my ankles just above his ass as he leans me back against the door .

`` oh fuck , '' he murmurs as he reaches his depth inside me .

he circles his hips , letting me feel him inside me at every angle before pulling back out again .

i marvel at his strength as he 's able to hold me in place and thrust in and out of me with almost no support from me .

the pain is gone by just his third thrust , and pleasure begins to course through my veins .

my toes curl and i run my hands through his hair , then lean forward and slide my tongue inside his mouth .

to my surprise , he steps away from the door , wrapping one arm around my back to keep me supported .

he sinks down onto the edge of his bed so that i 'm sitting on top of him .

i unlock my ankles and move my legs so that i 'm kneeling on the mattress .

i rise up onto my knees as he leans back on his hands , getting used to the feeling of riding him .

i reach my arms back , bringing my hands to the top of his thighs as i slide down him , feeling him stretching me open .

he 's hitting me in all the right places and i begin to move faster and faster .

i keep my eyes open , watching as his mouth drops open and his jaw clenches .

i love seeing that i 'm pushing him right to the edge even as an orgasm is quickly building inside of me .

his hips begin to pick up off the bed , slamming into me as i sink down .

the extra power is just what i need , and i feel myself explode on top of him just as he begins to cry out .

i keep rising up and down as i come , feeling how slick i am inside .

he pulls me tight against him , resting his head between my breasts , as we both take deep , gasping breaths .

but he 's not done yet .

i feel his hands creep up to my bra strap , unhooking it and sliding it down my arms .

even though i 'm exhausted , i lean back and lift up my arms so he can slide it all the way off .

he tosses it onto a nearby chair then sighs and runs his fingers down my neck , across my clavicle , then down my shoulders .

`` i missed you , '' he murmurs kissing me softly in the middle of my chest .

i bend my head down and kiss his hairline , then reach down and tug at his shirt .

he obediently lifts his arms up so i can slide it off .

`` mm , '' i mutter as i lean forward against him , relishing the skin-to-skin contact .

suddenly i feel him lift me up and turn me around , depositing me with my back on the bed .

he reaches down to hold the condom on as he pulls out of me , grabbing a tissue from his side table and finally kicking his pants and underwear all the way off .