he slides back next to me on the bed as i glance around his room .

it 's neat in here , as i 'd expect , except for floor-to-ceiling shelves next to his metal desk that are overflowing with textbooks .

`` had to have them put in , '' he says , seeing me looking at them .

`` but i 'll give you the tour later . ''

i feel his hand slide over my hips , pulling me toward him .

that hand slowly inches down as his tongue slides against mine , now working slowly , his urgency gone .

he groans as he feels the wetness between my legs and slides one finger inside me .

his thumb just grazes my clit and i gasp , pressing back against him .

`` do i still get to order you around in bed ? ''

`` yes , please , '' i whimper , closing my eyes as he begins to circle his thumb .

`` good , '' he murmurs , and his fingers pull away , but are immediately replaced by his mouth .

i moan as he takes a long lick of me , pulling my legs apart and repositioning his body between them .

he holds my knees out wide , opening me to him completely .

his tongue moves down to my opening , darting in and out of me-such a different sensation than his fingers or his cock .

as he moves up again to my clit , flicking his tongue mercilessly back and forth across it , i feel another orgasm begin to pool deep in my belly .

`` wait , wait , come here , '' i say , touching his hand on my knee .

`` i want to taste you , too . ''

he looks up at me with a grin , and sits up .

i press my legs together and he works his way up my body on his knees .

i pin my arms to my sides as he comes up and kneels on either side of my shoulders .

i pick up my head and he takes his hard cock in his hand , placing it between my lips .

i can taste the latex of the condom we just used , mixed with both of our own scents .

`` fuck , brynn , '' he growls as he slowly presses his hips forward until his cock hits the back of my throat .

he begins to move a little faster , but he 's careful not to overwhelm me , knowing that i 'm completely helpless under him .

i keep my eyes on his face as sweat begins to break out on his brow and his neck muscles tense .

with a groan , he pulls out of my mouth .

`` turn over , '' he orders me as he swings one leg over me so that i can follow his command .

i obey , feeling my breasts squish against the plain blue comforter .

i hear the rip of another condom and a moment later he lies down on top of me , sweeping my hair off the back of my neck as he does so .

i feel his breath on my ear as his cock pushes inside me .

i 'm so wet and he drives deep inside-maybe it 's the position , but i do n't know if i 've ever felt him so deep before .

he pulls out and moves back in slowly , eliciting a long cry from me .

i feel tears spring to my eyes at the intensity of the sensation .

`` squeeze your legs together , '' he whispers .

i inch them together , feeling my muscles clench even more tightly around his dick .

his legs are on either side of me now , and i can feel that he has more traction as he thrusts in harder now .

his tongue finds my ear and my body begins to shake as his tongue flicks inside me .

i hear myself begin to moan as though it 's coming from someone else , though i also feel completely at one with my body and his .

`` yes , yes , fuck , '' he grunts on top of me .

`` come with me , come with me ! ''

i have no choice but to obey again , unraveling beneath him as he releases himself inside me .

after a few final strokes , i feel him let go of his weight , relaxing on top of me .

his nose nuzzles into the side of my cheek , his lips just finding the edge of my mouth to give me a kiss .

`` you know what the best part is ? ''

he whispers .

`` mm ? ''

i murmur back , my tired brain unable to follow his train of thought .

`` you can stay the night . ''

epilogue `` man , i 'm glad this place has central air , '' i say , setting down the last of the boxes in our new apartment .

i 'm sweating even with it on , and use the bottom of my t-shirt to wipe my forehead .

`` yeah , i thought boston was supposed to be cooler than virginia , '' nate says , shaking his head with a smile as he hoists a box onto the counter as though it weighed nothing , though i know for a fact it has our heavy dishes in it .

we flew up here for a weekend last month to find an apartment , and were quite lucky that this charlestown two-bedroom was just our third stop .

the realtor described the neighborhood as `` up-and-coming , '' and nate loved the cozy feel and exposed brick .