he 's easily six feet tall , with broad shoulders , a tapered torso , and effortlessly defined muscles .

his mop of shaggy , chestnut brown hair is artfully tousled , a stray lock swooping across his forehead .

he 's making jeans and a crimson tee shirt look as good as a three piece suit , and has a lit cigarette cradled in his full , firm lips .

naturally , my personal nightmare looks like an absolute dream come true .

`` do n't call me that in public .

or ever , '' i tell him , crossing my arms to hide the fact that my heart is slamming against my ribcage at his approach .

`` why not , sis ? ''

he grins rakishly , taking a long drag of his smoke .

`` because it 's creepy as hell , '' i reply , exasperated , tucking my long , ash blonde hair behind my ears .

`` and it 's not even true . ''

`` sure it is .

for all intents and purposes , '' he shrugs .

i 've known emerson sawyer for nearly four years , now .

or , rather , i 've known of him for four years .

our connecticut town has two elementary schools that feed into the same high school .

emerson and i attended separate grade schools , which were pretty starkly divided between the richer and poorer families in town , but ended up at the same high school together .

i noticed him the very first day of freshman year , when he mouthed off to our sex ed teacher for taking a hard line in favor of abstinence ( the most characteristically emerson thing ever ) .

he , on the other hand , had no idea i existed .

until this year , that is , when both of our lives-personal and social-got turned upside down .

`` what 's the matter ?

you ashamed to have a brother from the wrong side of the tracks ? ''

emerson presses , jostling me out of my thoughts .

`` do n't put that on me , '' i snap back , `` as if you can stand having a prissy rich girl for a would-be-sister . ''

`` you are kind of a bummer , '' he says flatly , `` but if it makes you feel any better , it 's your personality i hold against you , not your money . ''

i stare wordlessly at emerson , knocked into sullen silence once again by his masterful putdown .

by now , but emerson has figured out exactly how to get to me .

about two months ago , i got the shock of my life when my widower father , robert rowan , announced that , after four years of refusing to date , he had just met the new love of his life .

her name was deborah , he told me .

they 'd met at aa and `` really hit it off '' .

he talked about her incessantly , stayed out all night like he was a teenager again , and generally weirded the hell out of me .

after just two weeks , dad told me that he was in love , and wanted to introduce this deborah to me as soon as possible .

i begrudgingly agreed to be around for dinner the following night to meet his mystery woman .

we lost my mother sandy to a terrible car accident just before i started high school , so the idea of a new woman in my father 's life was a little hard to swallow .

still , i did my best to put on a happy face and be as supportive as possible .

i 've never been very good at saying `` no '' or standing up to my dad , so it 's not like i had much of a choice .

as our doorbell rang the next night , signaling deborah 's grand entrance into our family 's life , my dad asked me to answer the door .

it was n't until i was en route that he mentioned deborah 's son would also be joining us for dinner .

when i swung open the door to welcome our guest and her plus one , i 'm surprised that my jaw did n't crack from hitting the floor so hard .

there , standing on my doorstep , was emerson sawyer .

and i could tell from the blank , disinterested look in his eye that he had no idea who i was .

`` what 's this ? ''

emerson interrupts my thoughts , grinning as he snatches the metallic flask out of my back pocket .

a trail of sensation sears along the skin just above my belt as his fingers brush against my bare flesh .

goosebumps spring up where his fingertips glanced against my body .

it 's like my every cell is hard-wired to respond to him .

i need to give each and every one of those cells a stern talking-to .

emerson knocks back a slug of booze without checking to see what it is first , and lets out a raucous hoot as he tastes the strong whiskey .

`` you brought the good stuff ! ''

he crows , draping a muscled arm across my shoulder .

`` this must be from daddy 's stash , huh ? ''

`` give it back , sawyer , '' i demand , trying half-heartedly to push him away from me .

if i 'm being perfectly honest , the feel of his hard , solid body against mine is something i 'll never stop secretly jonesing for-but he can never know that .

`` come on , sis .

sharing is caring , '' he teases , holding the flask up in the air , just out of my reach .