mocking my height-or lack thereof-is one of his favorite hobbies .

i sigh , refusing to engage in his game .

sometimes , i miss the days where emerson did n't even know my name .

we do n't go to a gigantic school-there are about three hundred kids in our senior class .

so for the first three years of high school , i was able to harbor a huge , unrequited crush on emerson without ever actually having to speak to him .

emerson 's a lacrosse player , part of the `` in '' crowd .

because our school is so diverse , socio-economically speaking , popularity does n't depend on how much money your family has .

if it did , i might actually be known around school as something other than `` that short girl who 's always drawing . ''

but the gods of popularity did not decide to favor me , it would seem .

my very petite , nerdy , soft-spoken self is just about invisible in the halls of mccarren high school .

in fact , these days , the thing i 'm best known for there is being the daughter of the guy emerson 's `` hot mom '' is dating .

oh , goody .

`` just take the damn flask , '' i mutter , turning on my heel to go , `` i 'm out of here anyway .

enjoy yourself , sawyer . ''

but as i attempt to make my grand exit , emerson steps directly into my path , his staggeringly built body blocking my way .

i collide with his muscular form , my hands landing flush against his abdomen .

i have to swallow a moan as i feel his insanely cut six pack rippling beneath my fingers .

i step quickly away , catching riley 's amused gaze .

she knows all about my feelings for emerson , being my best friend and all .

hopefully , the other dozen people here in this room ca n't see right through me , too .

especially emerson himself .

`` do n't be such a downer , '' he laughs , handing me the flask and extinguishing his smoke in someone 's discarded red cup .

`` stay and have fun for once in your life . ''

`` i 'm not a downer .

you 're just a pain in the ass , '' i reply , snatching the flask out of his strong hands .

`` hey .

i had a very troubled childhood , '' he says over-dramatically , laying a hand over his heart and arranging his features into an anguished pout .

`` i ca n't help myself . ''

`` who am i , officer krupke ? ''

i ask , laughing despite myself .

`` give me a break . ''

it 's no wonder emerson is so popular , with his wicked sense of humor , his bad boy good looks , and his devil-may-care attitude .

he could have his pick of any girl in our school , of that much i am absolutely certain .

i 've been keeping careful tabs on his romantic life for years now , and he definitely does n't seem to be the `` relationship type '' .

he 's hanging out with a new girl every weekend , just about .

and it seems that this weekend is no exception .

`` hey emerson , '' a breathy voice says from over his shoulder .

two thin , manicured hands slide around his torso from behind , and a beautiful , green-eyed face peeks around his built form .

my heart clenches painfully as i recognize courtney haines , a gorgeous redheaded girl in our senior class .

she 's our resident thespian , the beautiful star of every single school play , talent show , and choir concert .

she 'll probably head to new york after graduation and become some broadway sensation .

but right now , she seems pretty happy in the role of girl who gets to make out with emerson sawyer tonight .

i have to admit , i would be too .

stop that , i chide myself , shaking off my discomfort .

you 're not allowed to like him like that anymore .

your parents are dating .

plus , he thinks of you as an annoying little gnat ... when he thinks of you at all .

get a grip , abby .

`` hey riley .

hey abby , '' courtney haines says , draping emerson 's arm over her shoulder .

`` glad you guys could make it to my little shindig ! ''

`` this is your house ? ''

i exclaim , looking around in wonder .

my dad 's place is pretty stately , but her home is truly a den of luxury .

it 's more of an estate than anything else .

our area of connecticut is chock full of gigantic homes , but her family 's puts them all to shame .

`` yep .

and would be my room , '' she smiles smugly , letting her hand travel down into emerson 's back pocket .

`` my parents were nice enough to give me the master suite and everything , their dear hearts . ''

`` how nice , '' riley says flatly , stepping up beside me .

riley 's family is distinctly working-class , and the trappings of wealth have never interested her much .

she 's never held my family 's financial situation against me , of course .

but that 's only because i 'm aware of the privilege that comes along with having a family that 's `` old money '' .

she has no patience for the rich kids in our school who seem oblivious to how good they have it .