`` what 's that ? ''

emerson asks , one eye almost cracking open .

`` no ! ''

i screech , my stomach dropping at the thought of him getting an eyeful of my cooch from down below .

in a desperate , unthinking moment , i try and smooth down my skirt , losing my grip on the flimsy trellis .

i feel my body pitching backward , plummeting through the air .

i brace myself for the impact , waiting to hear my bones crackling as i hit the ground .

but in the next moment , i feel two thick arms wrap firmly around my small body .

i blink up at emerson from where i lay cradled in his grasp .

he did n't even stagger when i fell into his embrace , he 's that much bigger than i am .

for a moment , it 's all we can do to stare at each other in wonder .

we 're closer than we 've ever been before .

so , so close ...

i glance down at my legs and see that one of emerson 's hands is gripping my bare ass , full on-the tips of his fingers dangerously close to my exposed sex .

`` oh , '' i say faintly .

`` oh ... '' he replies , realizing what it is that he 's got a handful of .

he lowers me unceremoniously to my feet , brushing himself off brusquely .

am i crazy , or is that a slight blush creeping into his cheeks ?

`` let 's get out of here , '' he says gruffly , shoving my panties back into my hands and taking off at a jog .

i stare at his retreating back for a long moment before coming to .

with trembling hands , i step back into my lacy underwear and set off in his wake .

no way is he going to wait around for me-i should know that much by now .

chapter two we spend the next hour darting through the thick , shadowy woods that blanket the town , slowly making our way home .

barely a word is spoken by either of us as we make our way along , pausing whenever we hear a siren in the distance .

by the time we stumble through the brush and land in our backyard , i 'm covered in scrapes and dirt .

emerson , for his part , seems to be mostly unscathed .

but of course he is .

the lights are all out as we tiptoe into my childhood home-a stately but relatively modest tudor house .

dad and deborah must be asleep by now .

it is , after all , past two in the morning .

hopefully dad wo n't ask too many questions about what i 'm doing home in the morning-i told him i 'd be sleeping over at riley 's .

but he 's not exactly the type to check up , and i doubt that deborah even goes through the motions of keeping tabs on emerson anymore .

with a little bit of luck , we 'll be in the clear .

emerson and i slip through the back doors and plod up the carpeted staircase , skipping the creaky stair , coming at last to the second story landing .

there are three bedrooms in my dad 's house : the master bedroom just off the landing , which he and deborah are sharing now , and two smaller rooms at either side of the hall .

my room is down to the right , emerson 's is to the left .

he does n't even bother saying goodnight before turning away and slipping into his room .

with a sigh , i trudge back to my own quarters at the opposite end of the hall .

closing the door gently behind me , i belly flop onto my bed , burying my face in the fluffy pillow and fighting the urge to scream .

i ca n't sort through everything that happened between emerson and i tonight .

between the tense moments during seven minutes of heaven to his accidental but steamy caress after i took a tumble off the trellis , i 'm totally at a loss .

tonight was the first time we 've seen each other outside of school and home since he and deborah moved in .

and it 's certainly the first time anything so ... charged has passed between us .

i flip over onto my back , staring up at the ceiling .

the glow-in-the-dark stars i put up as a kid still hang overhead , despite my near-adult status .

with a pang of heartache , i realize that emerson and i are bound to part ways once we turn eighteen and graduate high school .

i 'll never know what could have been between us , if our parents had n't ruined everything by getting together .

then again , he probably never would have even learned my name if not for them .

so i guess i should be somewhat grateful .

emphasis on somewhat .

knowing that i 'll never fall asleep with all this tension built up inside of me , i roll over and slide open the top drawer of my night table .

there , hidden among a jumble of makeup and jewelry , is a tiny device disguised to look like a tube of lipstick .

its actual purpose is a whole lot more in line with what i need right now .

i press a hidden button on the little bullet and smile as it whirs to life .

my reliable vibrator-the best battery-operated boyfriend around .

laying back , i bring the vibrator down between my legs , slipping it beneath the lace panties that emerson held in his hands not hours ago .