shame and relief crash simultaneously over me , rendering me speechless as emerson turns to take me in .

his look , infused with compassion , undoes me completely .

fat tears roll down my cheeks as i stare straight ahead , wishing that i could actually be as small as tucker makes me feel .

if i was , it would be easy enough to slip through the cracks and disappear forever .

`` abby , '' emerson says quietly , `` can you tell me what 's going on ? ''

i draw in a deep , ragged breath , trying to muster the strength for words .

`` i 'm sorry , '' i finally manage to whisper .

`` i 'm so sorry . ''

`` you do n't need to apologize for anything , '' he says , his brow furrowing .

`` abby , is it ok if i hold your hand ? ''

his simple request acts as a life preserver , saving me from going under in this rush of emotion .

i look over at him and nod silently .

without pause , emerson reaches for the hand that is currently gripping my thigh , uncurls my fingers , and laces them with his own .

i cling onto him like a drowning woman , amazed that he took the time to ask me if i wanted to be touched .

i remember , through my thick fog of misery , that he must have plenty of practice being the comforter .

how many times has he sat with deb as she descended into a depressive stupor ?

`` thank you , '' i manage to tell him through my tears .

`` any time , '' he replies , giving my hand a squeeze .

`` are you with me now ? ''

`` i am .

i 'm here , '' i gasp .

his simple touch was enough to drag me through the thick of my panic .

i can feel the world coming back into focus around me .

`` if you want to talk about what just happened back there , '' emerson says , rubbing his thumb against my still-trembling hand , `` we can . ''

i look over at him , leaning toward me from the passenger seat .

i 've never seen him like this before .

he 's calm .

gentle .

caring .

and all for me .

i desperately want to explain myself , to tell him why i had to get out of that diner the second tucker walked in .

but letting him in on my shameful secret ... what if it wiped that compassionate look right off his face ?

what if he was never able to look at me the same way again ?

we 're so close to figuring out how to talk to each other , how to spend time together despite everything .

i do n't want to ruin that .

not for anything .

`` would you mind if we just ... went home ? ''

i ask , forcing my voice to remain steady .

`` sure , '' emerson says , `` yeah .

we can go home , abby . ''

he holds my gaze for a long moment before turning back to the wheel .

delicately , he extricates his fingers from mine to start the car .

but the second we 're in motion , i reach for it again .

his hand is my anchor in this moment .

i need it .

i need him .

we ride home in utter silence .

the radio stays off , the windows stay closed .

i gaze out the window at the darkening landscape , the familiar contours of the town i 've called home all my life .

the incident at the diner only makes me want to speed up the days until i finally get to leave this place behind , go somewhere where nobody knows me at all .

but how can i wish these days away knowing that my flight from here will mean being separated from emerson ?

anger floods in to replace my fear and shame .

tucker has already taken so much from me .

caused me so much pain .

now my long-awaited conversation with emerson about where we stand has been ruined , thanks to him .

if he proves to be the thing that keeps emerson and i from every truly getting a chance at being close , i 'll never forgive him .

then again , i never plan on forgiving him anyway .

there are some things that no amount of time or patience can mend .

i know that from experience .

chapter four despite emerson 's offer to listen if i want to talk about the `` diner incident '' , we do n't get into it upon arriving home .

dad and deborah have gone out for dinner , as they do most nights when emerson and i are n't around .

the house feels cavernous and cold tonight .

this place has n't felt like home since mom passed away , but after what just happened with tucker , the entire town feels uninhabitable to me .

i feel like i 'm fifteen years old again .

scared , confused , and so , so lonely .

only now , there 's actually someone here to help me through it .

`` we still need to rustle up some grub , '' emerson says , moving ahead of me into the kitchen .

he does n't seem to mind my radio silence about what just went down at the restaurant , but there 's definitely been a shift in his demeanor .

his usual grin has been replaced by a comforting smile , and his entire attitude toward me seems gentler .