in a matter of minutes , my heart has been entirely mended .

emerson had no intention of abandoning me after all , and certainly did n't run off and spread my secrets around the school behind my back .

but as happy as i am to be back on track with him , a little part of me is worried about the intensity of my reaction to the mere idea of losing him .

his smallest action has the power to send me soaring to new heights of bliss or drag me down to devastating lows .

i 've never intentionally let someone hold that much sway over my heart and mind .

never cared so much for someone to the point of trusting them so fully .

i have every reason to think that i can trust emerson not to hurt me .

but clearly , i 'm having trouble putting any weight on that faith in him .

i ca n't go into this half-heartedly .

if i make the choice to trust him , be vulnerable and open with him , then i 've got to charge full speed ahead .

the quickest way to ruin this thing we 've got is to hold back from each other .

we both risked a lot even telling each other how we feel .

we 've come so close to breaking through each others ' iron-clad defenses .

it 's time to lower the walls once and for all .

as we race along in emerson 's chevy , i reach for his hand .

without missing a beat , he gives my hand a squeeze , letting me know that i 'm safe and sound with him .

if i 'm honest with myself , i 've known that all along .

and that might be the scariest part of this whole thing .

chapter seven at least one part of emerson 's story was true-we are , in fact , spending the weekend at the beach .

only , instead of shacking up with a bunch of other kids in someone 's rich parents ' beach house , we 're staying in a tiny motel in a room of our own .

i tease emerson as we pull up to the place .

`` a motel ?

seriously ? ''

i smile , grabbing my backpack .

`` bit of a cliche , is n't it ? ''

`` i can set up a tent on the beach if you 'd rather , '' he shoots back , `` but this place has hbo .

so i hope you wo n't mind if i do n't join you . ''

we get our keys from the front office , only drawing a slightly suspicious look from the man behind the desk .

but hey , emerson 's eighteen now , and has the id to prove it .

that 'll take a little getting used to-the whole being able to do whatever we please thing .

it may not be a huge deal , booking a motel room of our own , but it 's cool all the same .

it 's a taste of adult independence , and damn is it thrilling .

though not nearly as thrilling as what 's set to go down in said motel room , that 's for damn sure .

we find our room at the end of a long line of doors .

the motel sits right on the edge of the dunes overlooking the long island sound .

the spring air is just cool enough to be refreshing , and the sun is just beginning to set over the water .

emerson pushes open our door , and we step over the threshold together .

my reservations about staying in a motel evaporate as i take in the space .

it 's a quaint , simple room , well kept and cozy .

i spot a deep bathtub through the open bathroom door , a huge window with a view of the sea ... and a big queen bed right in the center of the room .

seeing that big-enough-for-two bed makes this whole thing real for me .

i 'm finally going to sleep with emerson sawyer .

after all these years of wanting him from afar , he 's right here beside me .

we 're here with each other .

it 's almost too good to be true .

do n't think that , i chide myself , the second you think something 's too good to be true , it usually is .

`` well , '' emerson says with a smile .

`` i 'm starving .

you gon na take me out for a birthday dinner or what ? ''

`` since you asked so nicely , '' i roll my eyes , `` sure .

where do you want to go ? ''

he knows a place nearby , and drives us over to get some grub .

it 's a tiny , seaside shack with maybe a dozen tables .

the menu is heavy on seafood and regional staples .

there 's a warmth to the place that can only be captured during the offseason at a sleepy beach town .

in short , it 's perfect .

we settle down into a table by the window and tuck into our complementary basket of biscuits .

the buttery , flaky pastry makes my eyes flutter closed with pleasure .

i have n't eaten anything all day .

`` how 'd you know about this place ? ''

i ask emerson , perusing the menu .

`` my dad used to take me here when i was little , '' he replies , looking out the wide front windows toward the docks .

`` we 'd come out fishing early in the morning , then stop here for lunch before driving home .