we drift into a post-dinner nap , the sound of the waves cocooning us as we lay there .

even in half-slumber , i can feel my body responding to emerson 's .

our chests rise and fall together , our limbs shifting to accommodate each other .

it 's so simple , so easy .

like we were built for each other .

by all rights , i should be feeling so much pressure and anxiety about what we 've promised to give each other this weekend .

but i 've never felt more at peace .

i do n't know how much time goes by before i turn myself to face emerson there on the bed .

his blue eyes ease open as i lay my head next to his on the pillow .

our mouths twist into matching grins as he runs a hand along the curve of my waist , and i rest my hands on his chest .

without a word , he brings his lips to my neck , kissing me slow and deep .

my back arches as his lips move down my throat , across my clavicle , over my chest .

my blonde hair is splayed across the pillow beneath me as i writhe blissfully at his touch .

i run my fingers through his tousled chestnut hair , tugging him closer toward me .

as i press myself flush against his body , i can feel that he 's growing harder by the second , just from kissing me .

god , that 's hot .

his lips continue to caress every inch of skin they can find as he slips his hand beneath my gray sweater .

the touch of his hand is cool against my flushed skin as he trails up my flat stomach , the tips of his fingers brushing against my ribs .

i hold my breath as i feel him reach around my back and unclasp my bra with a flick of his wrist .

`` someone 's had a lot of practice with bra clasps , '' i tease breathlessly .

`` what can i say , '' he grins , `` i 've have very capable hands . ''

he finally brings his lips to mine as he cups my breast in his hand , running his thumb ever-so-lightly over my hard nipple .

that slight touch sends a pang of desire straight into my core , radiating out through my entire body .

his tongue glances against mine , and i kiss him back , deeper and more urgently with every passing moment .

i feel his hand skirting along my torso as i let my own fingers trail down the hard , rippling line of his abs .

he groans softly as i trace the length of his stiff member through his jeans .

i take a deep breath as emerson pops open the button of my jeans .

pulling me close , he slips his hand between my jeans and panties .

my sex is aching for his touch , and i ca n't help but let my knees fall apart , spreading my legs wider for him .

his fingertips brush against the thin panel of cotton covering me , already wet with desire for him .

i grab onto handfuls of bedding as he pushes aside my panties and rests two strong fingers against my throbbing sex .

`` emerson , '' i breathe , my head falling back against the pillow as he traces a long , slow line along my slit .

i ca n't form any other word besides his name , whisper it over and over again as he strokes me , parting me a little deeper each time .

i bury my face in his chest as he roves along my sex , laying those two expert fingers against the hard nub of my clit .

i 've never been touched like this by a guy , never gotten off with anything that was n't battery-operated before .

for the briefest moment , i worry about whether or not i 'll be able to come with him .

that is , before he starts tracing long , slow circles around that bundle of nerves , rubbing with just the right amount of force .

a sweet , aching pressure starts to build in my core as he picks up the pace , rubbing and flicking my clit in a way i 've never felt before .

my back arches as he goes on , switching up speed and motion just at the right moment , never leaving me hanging for a second .

my mouth falls open with wonder as i reach my tipping point .

i 'm right on the edge of spilling over with pleasure when he says : `` come for me , abby . ''

and i do , a shudder of bliss rolls through my body as i clutch onto him with all my might .

i 've had orgasms of my own creation before , but never have i come with another person .

and certainly not for another person .

spent , i fall back against the bed , my chest heaving .

emerson lays down beside me , resting a hand on my stomach .

`` holy shit ... '' i breathe , `` i think you 've killed me . ''

`` i could n't help myself , '' he murmurs , `` nothing turns me on like seeing you let go .

it 's the sexiest thing , abby .

you have no idea . ''

`` so then ... are we gon na ... ? ''

i ask , glancing down at his gorgeous body .

`` nope .

we already decided on tomorrow , '' he grins mischievously , `` that was just to hold you over . ''

`` what ? ! ''