we only have tonight .

but i would rather miss out entirely on having you than force you into anything you do n't want to do .

ok ?

i want you to want this as much as i do .

and if any part of you is n't interested , or is uncomfortable , then we do n't have to do anything .

just tell me what you want . ''

i bring my hazel eyes to emerson 's , amazed by his level-headedness .

he 'd pass up on having sex on the only night we actually can out of respect for me .

i know , in this moment , that i can trust him .

and to be honest , i think i knew that all along .

i 'm ready for this .

`` what i want , '' i tell him , my voice dipping low once more , `` is for you to kiss me now . ''

he does n't have to be told twice .

emerson 's lips brush against mine , softly at first .

we warm to each other in an instant , leaving our cups of champagne by the wayside as our kiss becomes more earnest , more searching .

i wrap my arms around his broad shoulders , digging my hands into his chestnut hair .

he slips an arm around my waist , pulling me to him .

emerson lifts me into his lap , cradling me against his hard chest as our tongues glide and glance against each other .

the taste of him is more intoxicating than any champagne i 've ever tasted .

`` take me to the bed , '' i whisper , kissing down along his throat .

i feel emerson slip an arm under my knees and effortlessly pick me up .

he 's a solid foot taller than me , and probably about 75 pounds heavier , so i might as well be a feather in his arms-or so he makes me feel .

in a few quick strides , he 's carried me out of the bathroom and over to the queen sized bed .

just as i 've imagined it a thousand times , he lays me out across the bedspread , drinking in the sight of me with his blue eyes .

only this time , it 's better than what i 've imagined .

because this time , it 's real .

`` undress me , '' i tell him , `` i want you to . ''

emerson kneels before me on the bed , his gaze burning with lust .

`` that 's right , '' he murmurs , his voice low and hoarse , `` i love it when you tell me what you want . ''

he lifts the black cotton tee shirt up over my head , and shucks off his own flannel .

catching my wrists in his hands , he pins them up over my head and lowers his body on top of mine , kissing me from the neck to the space between my breasts .

he flicks open the clasp of my bra and closes his teeth around the edge of one cup , glancing up at me with a devilish wink .

i feel a deep throb of need between my legs as he tugs my bra away with his teeth , then pulls the white tank top up over his head and immediately lowers his full lips to my chest .

i suck in a huge breath as he wraps his lips around my taut nipple , his hands roving down my torso all the while .

the tip of his tongue flicks against the hard peak , sending a rush of sensation to the tips of my fingers and toes .

my head falls back against the bed as he sucks on my breasts , and i 'm so distracted that i almost do n't notice as he eases the skinny jeans down off my legs .

`` you wore them , '' he grins , sitting back on his heels to admire my choice in panties .

i look down at the black lace thong barely covering my most intimate flesh .

it 's the same pair i was wearing that night at the party , when we finally let each other in on how we really felt , if not out loud .

that night seems like eons ago , but it 's only been a matter of weeks .

look how much can change when you 're honest about what you really want .

`` i thought you 'd appreciate that , '' i whisper , letting my legs fall open before him .

`` appreciation does n't even come close , '' he growls , unbuckling his belt and tugging down his own jeans .

the rise in his black briefs ca n't be contained .

he 's hard as a rock for me , and absolutely huge .

emerson loops his fingers through the band of my thong and slowly , reverently , eases it down my legs .

i lay before him , utterly naked , the cool air playing against my slick sex .

with his eyes locked on me , emerson tugs down his briefs , letting me see him in all his glory .

for a moment , it 's all we can do to stare at each other .

emerson kneels over me , his cock standing at full attention for me .

i drink in the sight of it , thick and throbbing with want .

without thinking , i bring my hands to his hard length-i need both to grab hold of it .

emerson groans as i kneel opposite him , working my hands all along his cock .

taking my lead , he lays back on the bed as i continue to stroke him , feeling him get harder in my hands .