as his head hits the pillow , i ca n't wait any longer .

i bring my lips to the round , shapely tip of him and close my lips around it .

his eyes scrunch up in bliss as i take his cock into my mouth , running my tongue along his tender shaft .

i work my mouth along him , using both hands to keep a firm grasp .

i love the feel of him as he fills up my mouth , the taste of him as he pulses for me .

`` abby , '' he gasps , reaching for me , `` i need you ... i need ... '' `` tell me , '' i breathe , breaking away before running my tongue all around his bulging head .

`` tell me what you want . ''

in reply , i feel his hands close around my hips and tug me up toward him .

i let him guide me , not knowing where this is heading but not caring too much either .

with firm hands , he turns my body around so that i 'm facing away from him .

before i can ask what he wants me to do , he 's tugged my hips back toward his face , lying out beneath me .

i cry out in delighted surprise as he brings his mouth swiftly to my sex , licking along my wet slit from below .

my back arches with pleasure as the tip of his tongue finds my rock hard clit , and i groan as he wraps his lips around it .

his cock is standing tall , harder than ever and far too delicious-looking to let be .

as emerson flicks his tongue across my aching clit , i lean forward and take him into my mouth as voraciously as ever .

we work each other into a frenzy , giving and taking as much as we can possibly manage .

how can something feel so illicit and so natural all at the same time ?

i suck hard on emerson 's cock as i feel myself teetering on the edge of orgasm .

he must be able to feel it in me , because he takes out all the stops .

i feel him slide two strong fingers into me as he licks along the length of me .

his fingers pulse against that tender spot inside of me as the tip of his tongue flicks against my clit .

and just like that , i 'm a goner .

i come hard as he laps up my desire , the room spinning around me .

as the orgasm shudders through me , emerson rolls me onto my back .

i sprawl out beneath him , wide-eyed with blissful wonder .

wordlessly , he reaches into the pocket of his discarded jeans and pulls out a condom .

ripping open the package with his teeth , he can scarcely keep his eyes off of me .

he rolls the condom down his pulsating length , and it finally hits me : this is really happening .

his eyes are blazing as he lowers his taut body to mine .

wrapping my ankles around his tapered waist , i moan as i feel his swollen head pressing against my wet sex .

this is it .

at long last .

emerson locks his eyes on mine , and we might as well be the only two people on the planet .

he lingers there for just a moment , on the precipice of our knowing each other in an entirely new way .

my whole body is screaming to feel him drive into me , demolish and rebuild me with the force of his need .

i reach up and take his face in my hands .

`` i 'm all yours , '' i whisper , my gaze steady on his face .

`` take me . ''

something blazes behind his eyes as he brings his mouth to mine .

he bucks his hips , pressing himself into me .

a moan fills my throat as he parts my silky flesh with his staggering length .

i can feel him diving into the very core of me .

at last , he 's all the way in , and i can scarcely believe that he fits at all .

but he does .

and it feels fucking fantastic .

our bodies move together , limbs tangled , chests heaving .

he drives into me as i pull him in further , each of us trying to feel as much of the other as possible .

a low , thudding bliss is building inside of me once more , and i can feel him growing to fill me-he 's right on the edge .

he thrusts hard and deep , his face screwed up in a mask of ecstatic wonder .

i grab hold of his perfect , firm ass , pulling him in as far as i can as i tell him , `` let go . ''

both of our voices swell into a huge groan as he pummels into me once more and comes , hard .

i clutch onto him as i feel him spasm and gush inside of me , gaze up at him as his mouth falls open into a perfect `` o '' .

it feels like a year goes by before we even begin to come back down to earth again .

emerson lowers himself down next to me on the bed , pulling me to his chest .

i rest my cheek on his hot skin , listening to the wild beating of his heart .

i ca n't formulate a single word to tell him what this has meant to me , that it was so much better than i ever could have hoped , and that i do n't know how i 'll stand to never have him again .