the entire world grinds to a standstill as emerson 's bedroom door flies open .

deb appears in the doorway , thick rivulets of mascara coursing down her cheeks .

emerson and i stare up at her , entwined in his bed , as my red-faced father appears on the top of the stairs .

the four of us are frozen in a surreal tableau , and for a second i hope against all hope that this is just another terrible dream but in the next moment , reality floods back in .

`` what the fuck is this ? ''

deb shrieks , falling back against the door in horror .

`` we were just-we- '' i stammer , looking helplessly at emerson .

`` get away of my daughter , you piece of shit ! ''

my dad roars , charging into the bedroom .

he grabs me by my arm and wrenches me brutally out of bed .

`` dad , you 're hurting me , '' i gasp , trying and failing to break free from his grip .

`` do n't touch her , '' emerson shouts , leaping to his feet and shoving my father away from me .

he shields me from my dad 's wrath with his solid body , but my dad lunges for me all the same .

the smell of booze seeping off of him turns my stomach .

`` are you drunk ? ''

i gasp , staring at my father .

but his swaying stance and bloodshot eyes answer my question .

i whip around toward deb and see that she , too , is standing unsteadily , unable to focus on a single point for more than a second .

it 's not even nine o'clock , and they 're both wasted .

`` jesus christ , mom , '' emerson growls , staring at his mother in disbelief .

`` again ? ''

`` do n't you judge me , '' deb snaps , shaking her mess of wilted curls .

`` if you knew the sort of night i had ... this man is a monster . ''

`` i 'm a monster ? ''

my dad returns , whirling unsteadily toward her , `` you 're the lying , thieving whore- '' `` emerson , no ! ''

i screech , as he cocks back his fist and slams it against my father 's jaw .

dad goes reeling through the open doorway , and emerson leaps after him .

deb collapses into a teary puddle as emerson and dad brawl on the landing .

i rush toward them , ready to throw myself into the fray .

but a loose punch from dad hits me square in the stomach , knocking me back against the wall .

emerson snaps his face toward me , too worried about my wellbeing to focus on my dad .

but in the moment of his distraction , dad strikes back-sending a cracking blow railing against emerson 's high cheekbone .

a sickening crunch rings out through the house .

a scream rips out of my throat as emerson stumbles against the second story railing .

my dad tries to grab him by the front of his suit , but misses .

in a burst of rage , emerson grabs hold of my dad and slams him against the bannister , ready to throw him off the landing .

`` stop it !

emerson , stop ! ''

i scream .

finally , i seem to get through to him .

with gritted teeth , he lowers my dad away from the edge , tossing him roughly onto the floor .

he raises his blue eyes to mine , and my heart shatters as i see the furious tears streaming down his face .

stepping over my dad 's drunken , prostrate form , emerson marches into his room and snatches his mother up by the arm .

she can barely stand , beside herself with wasted emotion .

emerson swings her arm over his shoulders and all but drags her away , carrying her dead weight down the stairs .

`` wait , '' i call out , my voice a strangled cry , `` emerson , where are you going ? ''

but he does n't answer me .

he simply makes his way to the front door .

i pull myself off the ground and race after him , grabbing for the back of his suit .

`` emerson , '' i plead , clutching the bannister as i reach the final stair .

`` stop .

you ca n't go .

not now . ''

he pauses with his hand on the doorknob .

turning back to look at me , his eyes are full of hardened resolve .

he 's shut his heart out of the equation , i know .

and try as i might , there will be no reaching him now .

`` goodbye abby , '' he whispers , and wrenches the door open .

he guides his mother across the threshold and out to his chevy .

it is n't until i hear the engine start that i sink down onto the stairs , hollow and cold .

he 's gone .

and this time , i know he wo n't be coming back for me .

i glance around the house , at all the artifacts of my childhood that were destroyed in dad and deb 's wake .

but of course , it 's not the material things i grieve for , now .

it 's my entire life as i 've known it .

the future that will never come to pass .

i sit there at the foot of the steps for hours , listening to my dad 's anguished groans from the landing .

at some point , he manages to stand and pull himself into the master bedroom , slamming the door behind him .