he wo n't come down to check on me .

not in the state he 's in .

but who am i kidding ?

even at his best , dad could n't be bothered to give a shit about me .

numbness creeps through my body as i sit stock still , unable to process what 's happened to me .

to emerson .

to our splintered family .

nothing that 's happened this morning makes any sense .

what happened that set our parents to drinking like that ?

what was my dad saying about deb stealing from him ?

and what about my grandparents ' interference with dad and deb 's brand new marriage ?

chapter eleven it 's noon before i 'm torn out of my shocked reverie by the sound of a car door slamming .

my pulse picks up as i pull myself to my feet .

has emerson come back home again after all ?

is he here to help me make sense of all this chaos ?

the front door clatters open , and a familiar face appears-but it is n't his .

`` abby , '' riley breathes , rushing to me .

`` abby , what the hell is going on ? ''

`` riley ? ''

i breathe , unable to focus , `` riley , what- ? ''

`` are you ok ? ''

she whispers , her voice tearful .

she takes me in her arms , brushing the hair out of my eyes .

`` are you hurt ? ''

`` no , i 'm ... riley , what are you doing here ? ''

i ask .

`` how did you know to come ? ''

her already dark eyes cloud over as she wraps her arms around me .

she 's bracing me for something .

bad news .

but what ?

`` you did n't show up at school , '' she says softly , `` but emerson did .

he stormed in just as people were switching classes .

abby ... he ... ''

`` what ? ''

i whisper , looking at her with mounting dread .

`` what did he do ? ''

she rests her hands on my shoulders , take a deep breath , and goes on .

`` he started screaming for tucker , '' she tells me , `` and when he finally found him , he ... abby , he just beat the shit out of him .

it was brutal .

some teachers eventually pulled him off and threatened to call the cops .

emerson 's been expelled , abby .

he ran back out of the school and drove off .

i could n't find you anywhere , so i thought ... i was so scared ... '' i stare at my best friend , uncomprehending .

my heart can take on no more anguish .

there is n't any room left .

i sink into a state of catatonic silence as riley gathers a change of clothes for me and leads me out of my house .

it 's the last time i ever step foot in that place i once called home .

over the course of the tumultuous next few months , the entire sordid saga comes out into the open .

on the morning after their wedding , dad and deb were about to head off to europe for a couple weeks for the second leg of their honeymoon .

dad visited the bank to get some travelers ' checks , but found that his accounts had been frozen because of some suspicious activity .

he and deb had already consolidated accounts when they moved in together , but dad has never been good about keeping track of his money .

only when it was pointed out to him by the bank did he notice the dozen or so transactions in deb 's name .

she 'd been withdrawing money , keeping some in a separate account , presumably for her and emerson .

the rest she 'd been wiring to her ex-husband , emerson 's father , still serving time in connecticut state prison .

devastated by deb 's betrayal , dad struck out to hurt her in the worst way he could think of .

he stocked up on booze , headed back to the hotel , and baited her into going on a bender with him .

she allowed it to happen , of course , but dad was the instigator .

only when they were both wasted in their hotel room in the wee hours of the morning did he turn on her .

he demanded an explanation , but the only one she had to give was that she 'd been using him .

she noticed him at aa-saw his nice clothes , fancy car , and sad eyes-and knew he 'd go for her .

deb insisted that she developed real feelings for him later , and that she could n't just leave her ex-husband to rot in prison , but it was obviously too late .

emerson 's expulsion from our high school was immediate and ironclad , after what he did to tucker .

i have no idea what possessed him , in that moment , to target my assailant from years ago .

maybe he wanted to hurt someone who had hurt me , and given that he could n't throttle my dad the way he wanted to , went after tucker instead .

i 'll never know what his motivation was .

all i know is that tucker ended up with two broken ribs and had to wear a neck brace to prom .

or so i 'm told .

it 's not like i had any reason to go .

the bender dad started as payback for deb did n't end the day after his wedding .

or the week after .