`` they 're not using it , '' riley reminds me .

`` still , '' i insist , `` living rent free is not exactly something to be taken for granted . ''

`` not with what i spend on booze it is n't , '' riley agrees .

`` at least let me take you out for a drink after your fancy dinner , ok ?

you can give me all the juicy family gossip . ''

i cringe to think of what that gossip might be as i swipe some light makeup onto my face .

every time i see my grandparents , they spend at least an hour moaning about how badly my dad is doing .

he 's been in and out of rehab since breaking up with `` that woman , '' as my grandparents like to refer deb .

after the brawl that ensued the morning after his wedding , i no longer make an effort to include him in my life .

some things ca n't be forgiven , and the way he treated me that day is one of them .

`` i 'll give you one birthday drink , '' i tell riley , grabbing my purse , `` but no surprise karaoke this year , ok ?

or surprise strippers .

or ... you know what ?

just no surprises period . ''

`` cross my heart , '' riley smiles .

`` sure , '' i say , stepping back out into the living room .

`` so ?

how do i look ? ''

`` fabulous , as ever , '' she says , giving me a quick once-over .

`` they 're going to love you . ''

`` i hope so , '' i sigh , `` bastian does such amazing work .

they 're one of the best new creative agencies out there .

it would be a dream to work for them . ''

`` so , tell them that ! ''

riley insists , giving me a quick hug and a pat on the ass .

`` go get 'em tiger . ''

i take a deep breath and march out of our upper west side apartment .

it 's been a few months since i finished my masters program in graphic design .

i 've been able to freelance for a few different companies , and have built up my portfolio by doing so .

i never pictured myself having such a tech-based job , always sort of assumed i 'd stick with visual art exclusively .

but graphic design lets me be just as creative as drawing does , and employ my mind in other ways , too .

if i get this job as bastian , i 'll be designing and helping come up with marketing strategies for different companies and brands .

it would be something new every day , the perfect , totally consuming job .

just what i 'm looking for .

do n't get me wrong , i have other interests and hobbies , outside of work .

i 'm an avid runner , adore going out to restaurants , read like a maniac , and try and volunteer around the city .

i just loathe downtime more than anything in the world .

downtime means thinking time , reminiscing time , and i want as little of that in my life as possible .

without fail , my thoughts always turn to the past if they 're not rooted in the present .

and that 's never a pleasant experience for me .

i take the subway down to the lower east side , a neighborhood chock full of galleries , cool shops , and excellent cafes-not the mention some kickass bars .

the bastian offices are housed in a building that used to be a factory , once upon a time .

these days , it has the industrial feel that 's so popular in the city while simultaneously being super high tech .

the best of both worlds .

i stop before the front door the office , taking a moment to check my reflection in the glass .

riley was right to suggest this top-it brings out the green in my hazel eyes nicely .

as i ring the buzzer , a strange feeling passes through me .

it 's almost like deja vu , the feeling that this moment is significant , somehow .

clandestine .

maybe i 'm just anticipating the interview going well ?

whatever the case , there 's no more time to ponder .

the door opens before me , and i step quickly into an old fashioned elevator .

the elevator doors part before me , and i step out into the high-ceilinged office space .

a large communal desk stands at the center of the room , surrounded by a dozen hip twenty-somethings .

the walls are covered in white board , so that people can jot down ideas whenever and wherever they occur .

my jaw falls open a little as i see a fully stocked bar standing in one corner of the main room .

the people running this place were n't kidding when they described it as `` off beat '' .

i like it .

i 'm supposed to be meeting with the founding partner and ceo of the agency , owen cooper .

but glancing around the spacious room , i do n't see a reception desk anywhere .

silly me .

as if a place this cool would ever have something as square as a front desk .

`` are you abby ? ''

asks one of the people at the communal desk , plucking out an earbud as the rest of the group types on .

`` yeah , that 's me , '' i smile , hoping my nervousness does n't show .

`` cooper is waiting for you in his office , '' she says , nodding toward a glass door off the main room .