`` well ... '' i say , my voice hollow , `` you certainly have given me a lot to think about this evening .

and would you look at that , my appetite seems to be gone , too . ''

`` why do n't you just call us when you 've come to your senses , '' grandpa says , heading for the door , `` or at least call to let us know if we need to start looking for a new tenant .

you have a couple of days to decide .

if we do n't hear from you , we 'll assume you 've made your decision and act accordingly . ''

`` i do n't care what you decide to do about the apartment , '' i tell him , `` i 'm more than happy to find a new place to live , i can pay rent now that my job is lined up .

but cutting me out of your lives altogether ?

that 's what hurts .

how can you be so mad at me , just for spending time with someone i care about ? ''

`` we are n't mad at you , abby , '' grandma says , following him out , `` we 're just terribly , terribly disappointed . ''

`` yeah .

i know the feeling , '' i whisper , wrapping my arms around my waist .

they march off into the elevator , and i slam the door in their wake .

hot , angry tears course down my cheeks as i press my back to the door .

how dare they say those horrible things about emerson ?

they do n't even know him .

and how could they threaten to cut me out of their lives , just for being with him ?

i ca n't believe they 'd disown their only granddaughter over something so petty as a grudge .

especially when that grudge is built on nothing but bullshit !

the injustice of it all has me reeling .

i feel the room spinning around me , and i know it 's not just the booze that 's knocking me off kilter .

if my grandparents turn their backs on me , i 'll be officially without any family in this world .

i have n't really spoken to my dad for years , i have no aunts and uncles , no cousins .

frank and jillian are it .

and they 're ready to abandon me if i keep emerson in my life .

i stagger over to the couch , curling up into a ball and letting the tears come hard and fast .

the very thought of losing what 's left of my family has me feeling unmoored , alone .

it 's not just having to find a new place to live that scares me , i can take care of that in no time .

it 's the idea of losing my history , my only real links back to my mother , my old life , that terrifies me the most .

`` what ... '' i mutter , as i feel something dig into my hip .

i reach into my pocket and feel my fingers close around the ring box emerson brought over tonight .

i blink away my tears and open the box once more , staring down at the beautiful pearl ring .

with trembling fingers , i carefully pluck the ring out of its cushioned bed and slip it onto my right hand .

it fits perfectly .

after all these years , i still love it .

and if i 'm being honest , i still love the person who gave it to me , too .

daringly , i slide the ring off and slip it , breathlessly , onto the other hand .

i look down at the single pearl , glimmering on my left ring finger .

i have to say , i like the look of it there .

in that moment , i know that i ca n't cut emerson out of my life .

not again , no matter what it costs me in the end , he 's worth whatever price i have to pay .

chapter fifteen i spend most of sunday recovering from my less-than-ideal birthday .

but before i know it , monday morning has arrived ; my first day on the job at bastian creative .

my stomach is in knots as i get ready for the day .

i was already nervous to begin my dream job , but this weekend only ramped up the pressure .

with my cushy free housing likely to be yanked away , i need this first week at bastian to go incredibly well .

there 's sure to be a bit of a probation period where cooper can let me go if i do n't fit in at bastian .

so i guess my only choice is to be the model employee , even with my one-day stepbrother and potential lover training me .

sure .

no problem .

speaking of emerson , he did n't even try to get in touch with me after our roller coaster of a saturday night .

between our steamy make out session , our tussle over money issues , and my grandparents ' atrocious behavior , i 'm not really sure where we stand .

and now , we 're going to spend this entire week in each others ' company as i learn the ropes of my new job .

this should be interesting , that 's for sure .

i arrive at the bastian offices right on time , dressed in my best `` professional hipster '' office attire .

but as i step out of the elevator , ready to dive into my training , i 'm surprised to find myself alone in the communal workroom .