he pinches my nipples just hard enough , and i cry out as the first thundering shockwave of pleasure runs through me .

`` christ , '' i breathe , my eyes wide with wonder , `` you know exactly how to touch me . ''

in reply , he lowers his lips to my nipple .

keeping his eyes on mine , he takes that hard peak into his mouth , rubbing against it with the tip of his tongue .

i gasp as his fingers skirt down my lean torso and find my wet , aching sex .

sucking and biting at my tits , he traces his fingers along the slick length of me , working farther into me with every pass before he finally , gloriously , lays two strong fingers against my hard , throbbing clit .

my head falls back against the pillows as he bites my nipple , tracing firm , quick circles over that tender nub between my legs .

i grab onto huge handfuls of bedding , forcing myself to breathe as he rolls his fingers over my clit , faster and harder with every moment .

my knees begin to tremble as i dig my nails into his back , holding on for dear life .

`` right there , '' i moan , as he flicks and kneads that pulsing bundle .

`` god , that 's good . ''

`` you think that 's good ? ''

he growls , catching a handful of my blonde hair in his hand and turning me to face him .

the sudden jolt of force coupled with his expert touch between my legs nearly makes me come right then and there .

`` just wait ... '' he gives me a swift , hard kiss , working my jaw open and letting his tongue sweep deeply into my mouth .

i wrap my arms around his neck , shuddering on the edge of orgasm as he bears down on my clit .

`` i 'm so close , '' i whisper .

`` how close ? ''

he growls in my ear , forcing my knees further apart with his .

`` so ... so ... '' i gasp , my eyes screwing up in bliss .

i teeter on the edge , ready to tumble .

but the room spins around as emerson grabs hold of my hips , flips me roughly onto my stomach .

shock and illicit delight confound me as i look back at him over my shoulder .

there 's a savage hunger burning in his blue eyes as he kneels over me from behind , letting me feel his enormous cock against the tight , forbidden circle of my ass .

for just a moment , i think i know where we 're headed , but again he surprises me .

pulling me forcefully onto my hands and knees , emerson runs his fingers into the firm rise of my ass .

i arch my back , knowing how much he loves to drink in the sight of me wild with needing him .

with a low , guttural growl , he tugs me back toward him , lowering his mouth to my sex .

my mouth falls open in amazement as he pushes against my flesh , parting me before him from behind .

the illicit thrill is almost too much , which makes it just enough to drive me absolutely crazy .

i savor the sensation of his tongue tracing all along my slit , licking me from behind .

the very next moment , i feel the tip of his tongue against my raw , tender clit .

i buck against him as he has his fill of me , licking up every drop of my desire as he works that hard button .

i barrel toward the edge of bliss , blinded by the force of it .

my screams echo around the small room as emerson wraps his lips around my clit and gives it one last forceful suck .

i 'm done for .

with an elated scream , i come hard into his waiting mouth .

my limbs shudder with the force of the orgasm that rolls wildly through me , lighting up every nerve ending with unprecedented sensation .

emerson drinks me up , unable to get enough , until i 'm absolutely spent .

i turn to look back at him , dizzy and amazed .

in the throbbing aftermath of my bliss , i can only think of one thing .

`` i need you to fuck me , emerson , '' i breathe , on my hands and knees before him .

`` i need to feel you inside of me .

now . ''

`` as if i could wait another second , '' he growls , taking my face in his and kissing me deeply .

i can taste myself on his tongue , and shudder with delighted anticipation .

with his mouth on mine , he lifts my body and presses me hard against his wooden headboard .

i grab on tight as he moves behind me , flattening me against the sturdy surface .

there 's just enough time for me to take a breath as he produces a condom from the bedside table , tears the package open with his teeth , and rolls it down his throbbing shaft .

i brace myself , lifting my ass to emerson as i feel him poised behind me , his hard chest heaving with anticipation .

our voices rise together in a soaring moan as emerson drives his cock into my waiting , eager body .

my fingers dig into the headboard as he splits me open , slamming into the very core of me .

i 've never felt him this way before , never dreamed anyone could reach me so deeply , so fully .