i press myself back into his every thrust , taking him in as far as i can .

my head falls back between my shoulders as emerson pounds into me , his fingers digging into my hips and his thumb pressing around my ass-the feeling so intensely illicit it drives me crazy .

with every pass , i feel more of him .

i swear , he grows harder by the second as i cling to the headboard , dashing myself against him with all my might .

his grasp tightens as he careens toward the edge himself .

i bear down as his pace becomes quicker , his bucking hips more intent .

i know he 's about to lose it .

`` come , '' i gasp , turning to meet his gleaming blue eyes .

`` i want you to- '' he rears back and drives into me with one last , breathtaking thrust .

we cry out in unison as he erupts inside of me .

our bodies are run through with sweeping sensation , and we ride the crashing wave together .

we peak and collapse together , folding into one tangle of spent limbs .

our chests rise and fall like mad as i curl into emerson 's muscular side .

he pulls me close , enclosing me in his arms as our breathing slowly evens out .

the record finally ends as we lay in emerson 's bed together .

in the warm , easy silence , we finally swim back to the surface of reality , gazing at each other in the half light .

`` i ca n't believe i went nearly a decade without this , '' i laugh softly , running a hand through his closely cropped brown hair .

`` me either , '' he grins , kissing my palm , `` let 's not do that again , ok ?

the being-apart thing , i mean . ''

`` sounds good to me , '' i sigh happily , resting my cheek against his chest .

`` i could n't stand to lose this again . ''

`` you wo n't , '' he says , his voice taking on a serious cast .

`` whatever happens , abby , i wo n't let anything ruin this . ''

as the world reforms around us , the nagging intrusions of the real world creep back into my mind .

i want to believe that nothing can derail us now , that we 're home free .

but what about my family ?

our parents ?

our history ?

what about our careers , and that fact that we live on different continents ?

but as emerson kisses away the worried crease between my eyebrows , all those unknown factors fade away .

it 's only him and me , now .

alone in this beautiful soho apartment with another bottle of wine just waiting to be opened and a little bundle of white fur leaping up onto the bed to cuddle at our feet .

i wonder if this is what things would have been like if we had n't been separated all those years ago .

would we have been able to continue on as a pair and wind up here eventually ?

or did we need to be apart for that time , grow into our own selves before we could be together ?

it 's impossible to know , of course .

but still , it 's a comfort to think that all the pain we 've been through , separately and together , has n't been in vain .

that our whole lives have been leading up to something wonderful that we now get to share .

`` come on , '' emerson says , easing my up from bed and handing me my top , `` we have n't even had dessert yet . ''

`` you 're perfect , you know that ? ''

i sigh , slipping back into my clothes .

`` yeah .

i know , '' he teases , leaning in for another kiss .

we head back out into the loft half-dressed , open up a bottle of pinot grigio , and dig into a couple pints of ice cream-tahitian mint for me , black cherry for him .

settling down onto the expansive , pillowy couch , we talk late into the night , halfway paying attention to some mushy rom-com that 's playing on tv as we revel in playing house together .

i hardly even notice as i start drifting off into a sated , happy sleep .

my appetites-all of them-have never felt so satisfied as they do tonight .

chapter sixteen sloppy kisses land all over my sleeping face , dragging me out of slumber .

man , has emerson lost his smooching prowess already ?

i think to myself , prying my eyes open .

but as i blink into the morning sunlight , it is n't emerson 's blue eyes i find staring back at me , but roxie 's chocolate brown peepers .

i laugh , giving her a good scratch behind the ears and pulling myself to sitting .

i 've fallen asleep on the couch with my head in emerson 's lap .

he 's still out , and i help myself to a moment of watching him sleep .

his features are soft and relaxed , as gorgeous as ever .

i ca n't believe i have the privilege of seeing him this way again .

swinging my legs over the couch , delicately so as not to wake him , i reach into my purse and grab for my phone .

i blink down at the welcome screen and see a dozen texts from riley , asking where i am .

there are missed calls , too , a good handful .

and not just from riley , either .