i push down on the top of the french press and pour the delicious-smelling coffee into three generous mugs .

two excited voices banter behind me , and i turn toward them with a smile .

`` here we are , '' i say , setting the three mugs down on the kitchen island , `` we ca n't plot brilliant business strategy without coffee . ''

`` that , my dear , is a fact , '' riley says , gratefully taking her cup .

`` here , here , '' emerson replies , grabbing one for himself .

i settle down at the island beside them .

the entire surface is covered with outlines , graphs , and ideas .

a flurry of excited butterflies rally around my stomach as i look over all our hard work .

`` this is really happening , is n't it ? ''

i grin .

`` sure is , '' riley replies , `` you guys are ready to launch . ''

`` i just have one more feature i want to add to the app , and we 'll be golden , '' emerson says , stepping my way and slipping his arm around my slender waist .

`` you feeling good , ms .

founding partner ? ''

`` good and ready , mr .

founding partner , '' i laugh , clinking my coffee mug to his .

for the past year , emerson and i have been hard at work developing a suite of new applications to take the world by storm .

the suite will be the centerpiece and first project of our two-person creative collective : treehouse .

we 're the founding partners , ceos , and only employees-save for our pr consultant , riley , and our de facto mascot , roxie .

but though we may be small , i feel very good about our operation .

our first batch of apps is targeted at friends and family of people struggling with substance abuse .

there are resources , information , and support available through this modest suite of applications .

there 's even a way for individuals to get in touch with each other , share the burden of living with and loving someone who 's self-destructing .

basically , it 's everything emerson and i wish we had as kids , everything we were eventually able to give each other ... only in app form .

hey , it 's 2015 , after all .

`` all you need to do is press 'publish ' and you 'll be good to go ! ''

riley says excitedly .

`` would you like to do the honors ? ''

emerson asks , sliding a tablet my way with the suite of apps pulled up , ready to be launched .

`` we 'll do it together , '' i say , taking his hand in mine .

i feel his wedding band brush against my hand and get a little thrill .

we only just said `` i do '' at a small city hall ceremony last month , so seeing his wedding band is still new .

`` together , '' emerson agrees , `` naturally . ''

`` get on with it , lovebirds ! ''

riley says excitedly , `` i want to put out the press release ! ''

with hands clasped , emerson and i each lower a finger to the `` big red button , '' and introduce the world to our latest idea .

after months of tireless effort , it feels wonderful .

there may have been a time when starting my own business , launching a brand new product , and subjecting myself to the crazy world of the internet may have been terrifying .

but as i look up at emerson , i realize that i 've already taken the biggest , best risk of my life .

nothing can stop me now .

scratch that , i think , as emerson scoops me up into a celebratory kiss .

nothing can stop us , now .

the end chapter 1 the sun was hot and the humidity within the city was oppressive .

the moist air caused the traffic pollution to mix with the scents of the restaurants and the other odors that were distinctly city oriented to hover in the air , pressing down on the occupants as if it were a heavy blanket with no hope of relenting any time soon .

just like that first day , victoria phillips thought to herself .

the horrifying thought startled her and she stopped in her tracks , terrified of those memories .

`` no ! ''

she said out loud and shivered , not wanting any of those feelings to come back into her mind now .

`` this is ridiculous ! ''

she pushed herself harder , walking as if a demon were on her back in an effort to reach the school where she was a guidance counselor for an elementary school .

why was she thinking about that day again ?

five years ago , she 'd worked hard to eliminate all that pain from her system .

why was it coming back now ?

she was late , she told herself , just like that morning so long ago and she was rushing .

victoria looked around , searching for a long , dark car that would indicate that the past was going to repeat itself .

when she saw the car parked in front of the school , her steps faltered and her breath caught in her throat .

it could n't be !

blinking hard , she opened her eyes once again and stared in front of her , sure that her eyes were playing tricks on her .

but the elegant limousine did n't disappear .

it sat there , ominously mocking her as if it were a giant snake about to reach out and attack her with a venomous bite .