victoria was n't sure who was behind her and hid her curiosity well from lucy , preferring to deal with one problem at a time .

`` not really .

i 'm made of pretty tough stuff , '' she said , grinning broadly for lucy 's benefit .

the mother smiled at victoria , then at her daughter .

`` see ?

everything is okay .

are you ready to go home to see daddy ?

he should be back by now . ''

lucy smiled , eager to see her father and obviously relieved that no one was hurt .

the child took her mother 's hand and continued with their walk home , obviously eager to tell her father about their incident of the day .

victoria heard the small child chattering away but the only words that she was able to understand were `` scary men '' before she was out of hearing distance .

victoria stood up and all the pain she 'd been pushing to the back of her brain came rushing forward .

her knees , palms and especially her face were suddenly on fire and she wanted to melt down into the cement and lean her sore body against the building .

but she knew that the little girl was n't the only one that needed reassurance and she forced herself to find the inner strength to face the other audience .

turning slowly , she tried to bring up another smile for the strangers she knew where standing behind her , hoping to reassure them so she could stop being a spectacle .

but the sight that greeted her when she turned around was too much .

the tall , dark man standing directly behind her , holding her book bag in one hand and reaching for her right hand with the other , was possibly the most handsome man she 'd ever seen , even from the movies .

`` are you sure you are okay ? ''

the tall , incredibly gorgeous man asked .

he was at least six feet three inches tall , towering over the other men around him .

and although they were bulkier , he was extremely muscular himself .

his eyes were dark , almost black as was his hair which was cut short , barely brushing the collar of his shirt .

victoria 's only thought was that he had a lovely accent and spoke perfect english .

the next thing she knew , she was watching the building swing around her and the sky was blinding her as her mind started spinning , twirling around and her eyes stopped focusing .

then blackness .

dharr hokum qudama the third , sheik of ashir , the most powerful middle eastern country with oil reserves beyond the imagination , found himself at a loss for the first time in his life as the stunningly beautiful woman in front of him slowly started falling to the earth .

with reflexes honed from long hours in military training and an innate sense that women should be protected at all costs , he caught the fainting woman in his arms , easily lifting her up and cradling her as his body guards opened the door to the building he had been about to enter only minutes earlier for business meetings .

as he stared down into her lovely face , he was startled by the perfection of her features .

he knew her now closed eyes were a sharp , crystal green .

now that he could no longer see her eyes , he noticed the flawlessness of her skin that was pale white now but a moment before had been tinted with peach color on her high cheekbones .

her eye lashes were long and black as they lay against her skin and he wondered if they were covered in mascara .

he did n't think so .

they looked natural but too long to be real .

her hair was incredible , the soft , brown curls falling like a cascade of water almost to the ground as he held her close to his chest .

he wanted to run his fingers in the curls just to see if they were really as soft to the touch as they looked but he did n't have a free hand at the moment .

shifting her slight weight in his arms , he tried to be the gentleman and not notice her petite figure but he was a man and any male with blood running through his veins would notice her .

her breasts were large for her small frame but she had a tiny waist and slender hips topping off long , shapely legs .

it was the kind of figure a woman would spend hours in the gym trying to achieve , he knew .

pushing thoughts of her physical assets to the side , he lifted her more closely to him , enjoying the way she felt , as if she were meant to be just for him .

`` to the hospital , '' dharr commanded and all five of his body guards retreated back to either the limousine or the waiting black suv that was parked in front of the building .

within moments , the limousine was pulled up in front of the emergency room where a doctor was standing by , obviously alerted to the situation by one of the guards phoning ahead and prepared to help in any way he could .

stepping out of the limousine , he refused to transfer her figure to the waiting gurney .

`` what is wrong with her ? ''

dharr demanded of the doctor who was checking the prone woman 's pulse and eyes .

`` do n't hurt her ! ''

dharr said when she started to moan softly .

dharr liked the way she moved , even when coming out of a dead faint .