she was graceful as her body slowly came back to consciousness and he watched in fascination as those lovely green eyes blinked and focused .

it was odd that a man with his reputation with women , someone who could , and did , have any woman he desired with the flick of his wrist , was so entranced by this one , young , lovely woman who was n't even wearing makeup or designer clothes .

even so , his body was instantly reacting to hers , appreciating the innocent sensuality that she conveyed with her movements .

the doctor was monitoring her resumption of consciousness and nodded approvingly .

`` i think she is okay although she has some nasty scrapes on her knees . ''

the doctor stepped back and watched for a moment , carefully checking for any signs of problems as she looked around the sterile emergency room that was cut off from the rest of the area only by a white sheet .

`` her pulse is normal .

she probably just stood up too quickly or has n't eaten in too long , '' he suggested .

victoria listened to the deep voices around her but tried not to move , afraid that the pain she was feeling in her jaw and legs would intensify .

all she could understand is that she was in a white room with two men looking down at her .

she had no idea how she 'd gotten here or why they were looking so concerned .

actually , the man who was obviously a doctor if his white coat and stethoscope were any indication , was not looking concerned any longer .

but the handsome man beside him was definitely worried .

`` what 's wrong ? ''

she croaked , then wondered why her voice was so strange .

the pain that shot through her jaw when she spoke also was bizarre .

`` you fainted , '' the handsome man replied , moving the doctor out of the way .

`` are you okay ? ''

he asked , bending down to look at her face , taking her hand in his and checking her pulse himself .

victoria was confused by the concern that was showing in the man 's eyes but his lips were compressed as if he were angry with her for some reason .

`` yes , '' she replied , then tried to sit up .

`` i 'm fine , '' she said , but then the dizziness came back and she grimaced , trying to keep her head from spinning by placing her hand on her forehead .

as soon as she tried to sit up , his hand touched her shoulder , keeping her laying flat on the bed .

`` you must relax for another moment .

no sudden moves until the doctor has said you are okay , '' the man replied .

the heat that went through victoria 's body when he touched her frightened her enough that she actually shrank back against the bed , unsure of herself and the man .

`` where am i ? ''

she asked , naturally turning to the taller man who had a commanding presence , giving off an aura of authority that just ignited the air around her .

she tried to smile to give the man the impression she was okay but she was n't sure if it worked .

`` you 're in a hospital , '' he explained gently .

victoria did n't like that word at all .

hospitals meant money .

lots of it .

that was one thing she did n't have , being at school on a scholarship .

`` the hospital ? ''

she yelped , sitting up quickly and evading the man 's hand while swinging off the bed on one graceful movement .

unfortunately , the sudden movement had her swaying again and the man 's hands reached out to steady her .

`` whoa ! ''

she said , holding onto the bed , praying she would n't make a fool of herself again and pass out .

after several minutes , the room stopped spinning and she was able to make sense of the words being spoken .

`` ... .sit back down , '' the tall man was saying firmly .

victoria turned her attention back to him , a frown on her face .

`` excuse me ? ''

she asked , looking him up and down as if he were beneath her .

unfortunately , the idea of what a hospital visit would do to her budget was making her a little snappish .

she did n't have the money to toss at a series of doctors and needed to leave as soon as possible .

in her current state of mind , this tall , attractive man was the main hindrance from her leaving as quickly as she could .

besides the expense of the hospital , he was actually ordering her around .

she did n't like that one bit .

she was n't even used to her gentle father giving her orders , she surely was n't going to take them from a stranger who thought he was in charge of the world .

`` who do you think you are ?

i do n't take orders from you , sir .

not even if you were the prince of wales , '' she sniffed .

handsome or not , she hated arrogant men !

and this one could give lessons .

dharr was shocked enough to almost smile .

almost .

how could a tiny slip of a woman speak to him like this ?

did n't she know who he was ?

the doctor obviously did if the horrified look on his face was any indication .

surely it was the novelty of the whole situation that amused him .