he would never permit such conduct otherwise , he told himself .

dharr waved the doctor 's protests aside before they could be spoken .

`` how about something to clean those scrapes , '' he said , turning to the doctor and interrupting what was probably an explanation as to why the woman should n't speak to dharr this way .

for some reason , dharr did n't want his anonymity broken .

and what dharr wanted , he got .

the doctor immediately disappeared , leaving the two of them alone .

victoria stared at the man , wondering what to do next .

she realized that her manners were severely lacking and knew that her mother would be horrified if she did n't make amends .

smiling brightly to the man , she stuck out her hand , then grimaced as she saw the ugly scrapes on the palms .

`` i guess i should introduce myself , '' she started off , hiding her hands from his concerned view .

`` i 'm victoria phillips .

how do you do ? ''

she said .

she extended the least abused hand , which , thankfully , was her right one .

dharr stared at the hand for a split second before accepting it .

the normal introduction would be for her to bow slightly before him but , continuing with the novelty of the situation , he took her hand in his , enfolding her cold , slim , scraped hand in his large one , covering it with the other and taking a step towards her .

`` it is indeed a pleasure to make your acquaintance , ms. phillips .

i am dharr qudama , at your service .

i regret the incident which caused you to be in this position .

i will endeavor to make it up to you , '' he said .

`` what do you mean ? ''

she asked , her eyes wide as she looked up into his dark , intense gaze .

`` it was my man who caused your fall .

he was acting with an overzealous sense of duty and will be eliminated immediately from my guard . ''

victoria was horrified .

`` you mean you 're going to fire him ? ''

`` of course , '' he said , not an ounce of regret or emotion showing on his tanned face .

she did n't like being responsible for anyone losing their job .

it was a tough economy and anyone fired would have a hard time finding a new position .

`` but why ? ''

dharr reached up and gently touched a finger to the already darkening spot on her jaw .

`` such beauty should not be marred , ms .

phillips . ''

victoria stuttered , flustered by this man 's touch and confused as to why his touch could cause so much tumult within her system when other men 's touch just caused irritation .

she was also unsure of what this man represented but sure he was powerful and could genuinely hurt the man 's chances of continued employment .

`` but if he is on your staff , should n't you train him more thoroughly ?

i mean , really , if he acted inappropriately , is n't it your fault ?

should n't you give him a second chance ? ''

dharr actually smiled this time .

it was too much .

he was constantly surrounded by people vying for power and positions close to him , thereby making themselves more powerful in their associations with him .

but here was an innocent woman begging for a stranger 's continued employment .

a stranger who could have broken her jaw if his swing had been any harder .

what she did n't know was that dharr 's personal guard was the elite of the ashiri military , specially trained for years before they are even considered to be close to dharr .

these men were trained in arms , munitions and personal combat but here was a woman weighing maybe a little more than one hundred pounds and might reach five and a half feet tall protecting a man she 'd never met .

the doctor returned to the closed off area with cleaning supplies and dharr took them , dismissing the man with a nod .

as he prepared a sterile gauze to start the cleaning , he asked , `` you protect a man who wounded you .

yet you know nothing about him .

why would you do that ? ''

`` well , '' victoria thought hard , knowing she had to come up with a reason why the man should n't be fired or feel awful about it , `` he did n't mean to , did he ?

it was only an accident . ''

the cool liquid felt wonderful against her suddenly aching knees .

she had n't really noticed that they were still on fire while she was talking to the man called dharr but as she looked down , she noticed the mean looking scrapes on her knees .

raising the hem of her dress slightly , she saw that the scrapes were long and relatively deep .

`` oh , goodness , '' she said , inhaling sharply when he put the gauze on a particularly deep area .

`` does that hurt ? ''

he asked , instantly moving off the area , looking down at her face .

the compassion in his eyes created butterflies in her stomach .

she felt funny , knowing that this obviously powerful man was taking the time to clean her scrapes .

she also felt bad for speaking to him so harshly a few moments before .

`` do n't worry , '' she said , reaching out to take the gauze so she could clean the area herself .