he decided it would n't be gentlemanly to tease her more about her innocence .

`` what are you studying ? ''

he asked , changing the subject .

`` psychology . ''

`` and what do you want to do with a degree in psychology ? ''

`` help people , '' she said without hesitation .

`` help who ? ''

`` children probably , ' she said , smiling despite her nervousness .

`` they are wonderful little people but sometimes they are so vulnerable and misunderstood . ''

dharr stared at her lips , the need to bend down and taste them almost overwhelming .

but he resisted the urge and took a step back .

he needed to just forget about this woman and her refreshing honesty and spirit .

he had work to do and very little time to finish it before heading back to ashir .

`` now that you are cleaned up , may i give you a lift somewhere ? ''

he asked .

victoria snapped out of her dream were she was being kissed by the man .

he was probably married or seeing someone seriously .

no man this gorgeous and sexy could remain unattached .

she sat up straighter , testing her head tentatively by turning it from right to left .

when nothing happened , she shook her head in response to his offer .

`` no , thank you .

i 'm only a block away from my class , '' she said and gasped .

`` oh no !

my class .

i 'm going to be late , '' she said and hurried out of the room .

at the split in the curtains , she suddenly stopped and turned back to dharr .

`` thank you so much for your kindness , mr. qudama .

i 'm sorry to have been so silly by fainting on you . ''

dharr watched her rush over to a nurse , taking out her wallet .

the nurse quickly shook her head , obviously explaining that the hospital bill had already been paid .

he slipped out of the curtained area , following the signs to the exit where he knew his limousine was waiting .

it had been a refreshing interlude , but now it was over and he needed to get back to work .

once the nurse explained that one of the burly men with dharr had paid her bill already , victoria glanced back to the curtained area , intending to wave her thanks .

but the man was already gone .

her heart dropped and she felt like the sun had just left for the day , leaving only the heat and oppressive humidity .

walking out of the hospital , she looked up at the sunshine still beating down on the busy city sidewalks and sighed .

so much for life 's little fantasies , she thought .

stepping out onto the sidewalk , she made a determined stride towards her class .

it was a once a week class so it would last three hours today .

she 'd already missed the first hour but she could make it for the last two .

chapter 2 victoria buried her head in her hands when her suitemate arrived , full of vivacious energy .

`` hello ! ''

jasmine said , excitedly dancing into the shared sitting area .

`` what a beautiful day !

what are you doing studying ? ''

she asked , dumping her books onto a chair and taking a seat next to victoria .

being in their third year , they were in the suites instead of the dorm rooms .

that meant there were two bedrooms on either side of a small sitting area and a tiny kitchen .

no matter how much victoria tried to keep the areas cleaned up , jasmine was n't the most helpful .

but victoria loved the other woman 's spirit and vitality so she dealt with the negative side of jasmine while enjoying the fun side .

unfortunately , victoria did n't have time to deal with either side right at the moment .

she tried to hide her frustration at jasmine 's inability to understand victoria 's need for quiet .

victoria glanced up , smiling briefly at jasmine before looking back down at her book .

`` i have my mid term exams tomorrow in three classes .

do n't you ? ''

jasmine flopped dramatically into the kitchen , searching for and finding a soda and popping the can before bouncing back to the sofa .

`` goodness no !

i had my mid terms earlier this week so i 'm pretty much free .

but i 'll bet you need a little time alone , '' jasmine grinned .

victoria was instantly relieved that jasmine understood victoria 's predicament .

usually jasmine was a bit self-centered and would just ignore subtle as well as obvious hints for study time .

`` that would be lovely , '' victoria replied gratefully .

`` just call me if you need me to test you but you probably do n't need any more help .

knowing you , you 'll ace the exams with out any studying , '' she said , bouncing off the sofa and heading for her room .

a moment after the door to jasmine 's bedroom closed , the music started thumping loudly and victoria groaned in exasperation .

knowing how jasmine would sit in her room for hours reading or just listening to her music , victoria grasped that relief was no where in sight .

resignedly , she packed up her books and accepted that she 'd have to head to the library if she was to get any more studying done .

rushing out the door , victoria was tugging her bag over her shoulder and pulling the door to their suite closed at the same time when she ran into a solid brick wall .