or they were already well versed in the ways of sex and only using him to find pleasure .

dharr avoided the first and encouraged the latter , enjoying the many women who threw themselves at him , seduced as much by himself as by the idea of having a liaison , no matter how short or long , with the king of ashir .

the title alone would guarantee him unlimited numbers of women .

and he was spoiled by their attentions .

but now , he was reveling in the anonymity of being with this one , young innocent woman who knew nothing about him other than that he was surrounded by body guards at times .

he almost dreaded the moment when she would find out who he was .

it would change everything .

until that moment , he determined that he would enjoy her company .

`` i guarantee that the thought had n't entered my mind .

i 'll pick you up at eight ? ''

he asked .

victoria could only nod in response .

she was having dinner with dharr !

just like in her dream last night and she suspected that it would be even better than her dream .

`` until tonight then , '' he said and bowed slightly before turning to leave .

victoria leaned her back against the dormitory wall , afraid her knees would give out on her .

she watched him walk away , his stride confident and commanding .

the other students actually moved out of the way as he approached , apparently seeing the same thing she did when he walked .

that man definitely knew how to take charge , she told herself .

he disappeared around the stairway corner and she was finally able to snap out of her dream-like trance .

she also noticed the bulky men step out from the shadows and follow him .

goodness , she thought , she had n't even been aware that they were standing there only a few feet away .

they really knew how to make themselves invisible .

it was a little terrifying to know that , whatever dharr did for a living , he needed that kind of protection wherever he went .

`` what are you doing standing there , tory-girl ? ''

scott mason asked .

scott was tall but not nearly as all as dharr .

he was also gangly where dharr was muscular and scott 's shoulders drooped as was the current fashion .

dharr was conservative elegance .

scott was the epitome of the latest fad .

scott was also very homosexual and proud of it .

and he was her best friend .

he was brilliant and going to be one of the best fashion designers the world has ever seen since chanel and yves saint laurent .

he was a genius at women 's fashions .

perhaps because he was a male who was n't interested in the female body as a sexual compliment , he was able to study the female body as an art form .

his designs were intriguing and creative , hiding any woman 's flaws and emphasizing her assets .

victoria had acted as a model for him on several occasions and therefore had several gorgeous outfits that he 'd created just for her .

victoria blinked at his sudden presence , then smiled brightly .

`` oh , scott !

i met the most amazing man yesterday . ''

`` you ?

the last virgin on earth ? ''

he laughed .

`` impossible . ''

`` possible ! ''

she laughed , ignoring his jibe about her sexual status .

`` and he 's incredibly gorgeous ! ''

`` hmmm ... any chance he might like me more than you ? ''

he suggested , nudging her with his shoulder in a teasing fashion .

`` back off , '' she laughed .

bending down , she picked up her book bag and headed down the stairs .

`` he 's taking me out to dinner tonight . ''

scott followed her along , thrilled that she 'd found someone she was interested in at last .

`` and what are you going to wear ? ''

he asked , excited about the prospect of showing off one if his latest designs .

victoria stopped in the middle of the stairway .

`` oh no !

scott , what am i going to wear ? ''

she asked , suddenly nervous .

`` i ca n't go out with someone like dharr .

he 's so out of my league , '' she said , her hand going up to cover her forehead .

`` he 's champagne and i 'm ... .. '' she struggled to find the appropriate words , `` tap water , '' she finally said .

scott laughed out loud .

`` you 're kidding , right ? ''

he asked , looking down at her delicate beauty blocking the staircase .

other students were slipping around them so scott pulled her over to the side .

he saw that many of the men watched her for as long as possible , their eyes straying to her legs or any part of her sexy , petite frame .

and she had absolutely no idea that they were doing it .

she was the most un-vain woman he 'd ever met .

victoria bowed her head in frustration and anxiety .

`` no .

i 'm not .

you should see him , scott !

he 's fabulous !

and gorgeous and i suspect he 's relatively rich so what in the world could i possibly offer a man like that ? ''

scott shook his head , amazed that this gorgeous woman did n't understand her worth .

she was sweet and sensitive with a deep understanding of other people 's happiness and sadness .