she was about to pull back when his hands pulled her forward .

their bodies touched and she gasped at the intensity of feeling .

there was heat surging through her stomach , pooling at the core of her being and melting her insides .

her surprised eyes glanced up at his but all thought disappeared when his lips touched hers .

they were gentle at first , then more pressure , touching , caressing , instant ache settling inside her .

`` open your mouth , victoria , '' dharr groaned .

his hand lifted from her waist to touch her chin , his thumb pulling her chin down so her mouth opened .

instantly , his tongue entered her mouth , mating with hers , absorbing her gasp with his mouth as he increased the pressure .

his tongue moved in and out , imitating the mating that his body was craving to do with hers right at this moment .

his mind told him to slow down , not to scare her but to gently teach her how to kiss since she was obviously unschooled in the art .

but his body was painfully hard , aching to push into her soft flesh and find the release he knew instinctively would be better than anything he 'd ever experienced .

with incredible determination , dharr found the resources within him to pull back , to slow down and give her room to breathe .

it was n't what he wanted , but he knew that the next step would terrify her .

he did n't want her scared .

he wanted her to learn step by step how to please him and for her to teach him how to please her .

it would n't be accomplished in one night .

so he pulled back and lifted his head , noting with satisfaction that her eyes were still closed and her hands were gripping his lapels .

victoria took a long , shuddering breath and opened her eyes to find dharr staring down into her own .

the desire she 'd seen before was still there but there was something more , something stronger .

her mind would n't comprehend anything at the moment but she accepted that the mind-shattering kiss was over .

closing her mouth , she hid her disappointment and slowly released her hold on his suit , feeling embarrassed that she had n't even realized she 'd been doing that .

`` have dinner with me again tomorrow night ? ''

he asked .

victoria thought frantically .

she had mid term exams tomorrow but she 'd be finished by the late afternoon .

`` okay , but it is my turn to treat you , '' she said .

he was astonished that she would even suggest something like treating him to dinner .

although no one had done that in the past , not even suggested such a thing , it warmed his heart that she should be the first .

`` no need , '' dharr replied .

`` but i insist .

i promise , nothing fancy but you 'll like it .

i hope , '' she said , biting her lip in indecision .

she loved to cook and experiment with foods but could she compete with the gourmet meals he was obviously used to ?

it worried her for only a moment but then her sense of fairness came back .

he 'd bought her dinner tonight , it was her turn and she would just do her best .

dharr looked at her , noting her excitement and enthusiasm , considering his options .

he could insist that he buy her dinner again since it was obvious she could n't afford to buy him dinner .

or he could find out what she had in mind and possibly learn more about her at the same time .

since he wanted to know everything about this tiny , beautiful and , he suspected , sensitive woman , he gave in to her request this time .

`` as you wish .

what time ? ''

`` about seven ? ''

she smiled impishly , `` i 'd offer to pick you up but i do n't have a car and i do n't think you 'd like riding the tube with me .

so you 'll just have to meet me somewhere . ''

dharr laughed , appalled at the idea of riding on public transportation .

not only would he never deign to do it , the security issues it would involve if he ever did would horrify his body guards .

`` i 'll pick you up here at seven thirty . ''

victoria smiled tentatively .

`` okay , but would you mind if i met you in the parking lot ? ''

dharr did n't like the ghost of apprehension which entered her beautiful green eyes as she asked this question .

and it went against his sense of propriety for her to not be picked up and escorted properly .

because of where he was hoping their relationship was going , he felt the need to treat her with every dignity and respect she deserved as his future wife .

for other women he 'd been with in the past , he never would have extended the courtesy of picking them up at their door .

and the fact that victoria was scorning this small indication of his respect for her annoyed him .

`` why ? ''

she saw the annoyance on his face and worried about it , but stood firm in her desire to hide their relationship until she understood it better .

`` because i 'm afraid my friends might start asking me questions and right now , i do n't have any answers . ''

her response made him feel somewhat better but he still wanted more explanation .