dharr wanted to pull her across the blanket and lay her down , covering her gorgeous body with his and feel her softness against his hard frame .

but he held back , knowing he would have to go slowly or frighten her away .

she was obviously untutored in the art of lovemaking and he 'd have to take it step by step .

she had been skittish about kissing him yesterday .

what could he teach her today , he wondered .

the ideas flashed through his mind but he pulled back , appreciating the heightened color on her translucent skin .

her eyes opened slowly , revealing the desire she was feeling .

it felt good to know that he had put it there , and better that she was too inexperienced to hide her feelings , or her reaction to his touch .

being decisive was one of the reasons his rule over ashir had been so successful over the past five years .

he gathered information and made decisions usually without the consent of his advisors .

initially they were furious that he would push them aside except when making the more important decisions , but over the years , he had proven that his actions had been beneficial .

his advisors have backed down , with only a few concerns floating around occasionally .

now , looking at victoria 's flushed face and her incredible green eyes that could hide nothing from him , he made the decision that he would marry her .

it would take a great deal of training , he knew , to teach her to be a proper queen .

she 'd be marrying into an already established system with conservative values .

but the fact that she was a virgin , and he did n't doubt that anymore , would put her in a good position to learn what was right and wrong within ashiri customs .

she would eventually mould herself and become a good ashiri bride and queen .

he would teach some things , like how he wanted her in bed and he could hire tutors to teach her the rest .

his mind was already making plans , considering the arguments of marrying a foreigner and coming up with arguments against them .

he would have her , he knew .

how long ?

he decided six months .

he would give her two months to get used to him and then he would propose to her .

that would give her four months to prepare and learn as much as possible before the wedding .

dharr 's face instantly cleared .

the decision was made .

victoria would be his bride in six months .

he would have to reveal to her that he was king but he would hold off on that for a few more meetings .

he was still enjoying the anonymity of being with her .

yes , he 'd hold off for a while longer .

she would eventually find out the truth and that would be soon enough .

so far , he had n't lied to her .

if she ever asked a question that he had to reveal the truth , he would so do at that time .

he considered putting guards on her but then rejected the idea at least for the moment .

he 'd never done that before and doing so would reveal too much .

besides , any guard stationed near to her would be pretty obvious .

his elite forces were trained to protect .

not to blend in .

there were other agents that he could assign to the task .

they were meant to blend , but they were also trained to observe and analyze .

he did n't want his actions to be known just yet .

`` what are you thinking about so intently ? ''

she asked , surprised that she dared .

he looked ferocious , she thought to herself .

how could the man go from smiling to a hard , unrevealing face in only moments ?

`` you , '' he said without hesitation .

`` and how hungry i am , '' he said honestly .

but it was n't for food .

now that he had made the decision , his body was aching to touch her , and make her his own .

to teach her about sex and making love and all the ways to pleasure each other .

but he reveled in the pain those thoughts produced .

the waiting would only make the culmination more intense , more powerful .

his mind controlled his body and he allowed the pain to enter into his mind , blocking out the urges so he could enjoy the game , the chase , and especially the discovery .

instead of telling her the rest , he picked up his plate and tasted the chicken .

it was actually quite good .

the meat was tender and juicy with a subtle taste of garlic and some other herb he could n't identify .

`` i 'm touched that you went to this much trouble just for me . ''

victoria laughed .

`` it was nothing , '' she lied .

she had rushed home from her exams and dumped her books before heading out to the grocery store .

it was n't a short walk either since most of the students were encouraged to eat in the dining halls .

several students cooked their meals but they generally had bikes to get to and from the market .

once she 'd picked up all the ingredients , she hurried back to her dorm and spent the afternoon cooking , cutting , baking and mixing the meal , desperate to impress him with her cooking .

she loved to cook and it usually relaxed her .

but she knew what kinds of foods dharr was used to and had gone to extra effort , and expense , just to show him that she could do something for him .