she definitely could n't afford to take him out to eat , unable to afford the prices at a normal restaurant , much less the kind he frequented .

but she could cook a decent meal .

the evening was supposed to be her opportunity to ask him questions and she was able to get a few in .

but the majority of the time , she answered his .

for every one question she was able to ask , he asked five .

but she did n't mind .

it was obvious to her that he was n't used to sharing his past with others so even the small tidbits of information he revealed were precious to her and she savored his laughter and stories in her heart .

victoria suspected that he did n't laugh much so she searched her memories of her childhood for stories she thought he might laugh at .

growing up in a small village with her parents and sister on a small farm , she 'd had plenty of humorous stories to tell him .

the whole time though , she was intensely conscious of his thigh so near to her own .

and each time she moved or he moved , it seemed that they were somehow closer together .

by the time she pulled the cookies out for dessert , the sun had set and the stars were popping out in the inky night sky and she was searching for something more to say , to distract herself from his body which was only an inch away from hers .

why did this one man make her body come alive when no other man had had any effect on her ?

she 'd been around many men before , dated whenever she felt like she was missing out on something but then finding that most men were fine as friends but annoying when they tried to kiss her .

why could n't she have at least learned something from those other men so she did n't feel so awkward now when all she wanted to do was reach up and kiss him , to touch her lips to his and feel those wonderful sensations that only he could create within her ?

dharr watched her smile and talk .

he noted each time her eyes dropped to his mouth and saw the flustered look in her face .

she 'd stopped caring about his guards and was completely focused on him .

he knew she wanted him to kiss her but he held out , enjoying the fact that she was suffering a small amount of what he was feeling .

but her being a virgin , she had no idea what he was going through .

one had to know the ecstasy of release to understand the power and allure that the sexual act could be .

finally , he gave in to her not so subtle messages .

`` come here , victoria , '' he said , his voice soft and interrupting her sentence that she was floundering to finish .

the food had all been put away and re-stored in the picnic basket .

so there was nothing to impede her from moving closer to him .

but still , she hesitated .

she looked at the small distance between them , then up to his eyes .

her mouth opened and her eyes glanced down .

`` what did you need ? ''

she asked .

`` i want you to come here , move onto my lap , '' he instructed .

he saw the burn start in her clear , green eyes even in the dark .

the pulse at the base of her throat sped up and he could tell that she knew exactly what he wanted to do to her .

well , not exactly , he corrected .

she thought he only wanted to kiss her .

and possibly that was all he would do .

but it was n't all he wanted to do .

`` on your lap ? ''

she asked , her voice barely above a whisper .

when she did n't move , he pulled her around and settled her on his thighs , careful that she did n't feel the bulge of his manhood .

surely that would scare her off , running and screaming .

eventually , he would let her feel what she did to him , how he wanted her .

but closer to the time when he would propose .

otherwise , he did n't know what she would do .

he was afraid his desire would scare her away .

he 'd have to teach her slowly , carefully .

`` yes , right here , like this . ''

he rested his hands on her waist .

`` put your hands on my shoulders now , '' he said .

instantly , victoria did as he said but felt silly .

she just wanted to kiss him .

finally , he bent his head and touched his lips to hers .

at the first touch of their lips , her breath exhaled , her eyes closed and she let her mind revel in the wonderful , exciting feeling of kissing him .

`` open your mouth , '' he said softly , still rubbing his lips against hers , caressing her and watching her face to see the reaction he had on her .

he loved to see her face respond , to feel the shivers run through her body .

victoria 's hands were gripping his shoulders , her mouth imitating his .

she loved the fact that she could move her tongue , mating with his and her body arched into his .

her breasts felt heavy and her nipples painfully hard as they pressed against his chest .

her hands forgot to hold onto his shoulders and crept up to tangle in his hair .