with one swift movement , victoria was no longer sitting on his lap but was on her back , his large , muscular body pressing her down while his mouth moved from hers to travel across her jaw , stopping on her ear and victoria whimpered in pleasure , her hands holding his head where it was .

but he was stronger than she and her hands were no match for him , his head traveled to nibble on her neck , sending sparks shooting throughout her body .

and still he moved lower .

dharr 's mouth nuzzled , the strap of her sundress out of the way , his mouth moving across her shoulder , nibbling the sensitive flesh revealed .

victoria felt like her body was on fire .

every place dharr 's mouth traveled , small sensations of desire sparked through her body .

molten lava filled her veins instead of blood and she tried to hold herself still , not wanting to reveal to him what she was feeling inside , but her body was under his power .

she cried out when he touched her skin on her shoulder and her breasts were aching to have him touch them , but she was terrified just the same .

`` dharr ? ''

she gasped , her eyes opening and searching for him .

she wanted reassurance but he simply moved away from her breast , returning to her mouth , kissing her until the resistance left her body and she was kissing him back , the moans and gasps returning as his hands touched her arms , her waist , her ears and shoulders .

after several minutes , dharr pulled away , looking down into her face .

victoria tried to appear casual , like she 'd done this several times and was n't phased by the feelings rampaging through her body .

but the reality was she was so excited but still so terrified she could barely think .

kissing a man like dharr , the aura of danger and power surrounding him , she was n't sure what to do , what he wanted her to do and knew she would never be able to live up to the other women in his life .

`` i 'm sorry , '' she said , noting the anger on his face and tried to sit up .

but he did n't want that .

instead , he leaned down over her again , his chest pressing into hers , pressing her back against the soft earth as she had been only moments before .

`` why are you sorry ? ''

he demanded .

victoria was terrified of him now .

he was angry and gritting his teeth .

she could feel something about him that she could n't define and was terrified to even try defining .

`` i 'm sorry i 'm not ... .you know , '' she finished , not able to hold his gaze .

`` you need more than i 'm ... . '' she floundered , unable to say the words that would push him away but knowing she could n't do this to him and be too scared to deliver .

what he made her feel was too intense and unfamiliar .

`` i 've never done this before , '' she whispered .

`` i know . ''

he stood up and then reached down to help her to her feet .

as soon as she was standing , he pulled her into his arms , looking down into her eyes that were wide with confusion and fear but he noted with satisfaction that her body was still singing with passion and she went willingly into his arms , despite the fact that she was afraid of what he made her feel .

`` no , you do n't know .

i 've never ... '' she looked down at his shirt , her fingers playing with the buttons there .

`` i 've never even ... '' dharr waited patiently but when he understood that she was struggling with her embarrassment , he relented .

`` you 've never kissed a man like that ? ''

he asked , already knowing the answer .

`` yes ... but that was n't what i was going to say , '' she whispered .

`` you 've never slept with a man ? ''

he suggested , putting his hand underneath her chin , forcing her to look at him .

`` i know that already , '' he said .

she wanted to sing with relief but then her spirits sank .

`` i 'm sorry i 'm so ... pathetic , '' she said , wishing she 'd learned something from her past dates .

something that would show him that she was n't so silly and naive .

he gripped her shoulders gently but his words were hard as stone .

`` never apologize for being pure , victoria .

never !

it is a great gift you will give to your husband . ''

he looked at her as if he wanted to say something more but stopped himself .

`` trust me , '' he ordered .

`` and never apologize for that again , '' he said .

`` trust you ? ''

she repeated .

with a small laugh , she shook her head .

`` i do n't really know you .

how can i trust you ? ''

he looked at her face which was not angry in any way but smiling up into his frustrated but controlled features .

`` you already do , '' he said , his arrogance revealed once again .

victoria had to laugh but she still nodded her head .

`` yes .

i suppose i do , '' she replied .

`` come , you need sleep , '' he said , knowing it was almost midnight .