`` tell me what your plans are for tomorrow , '' he ordered as he started walking away , pulling her hand through his arms and heading in the direction of the car .

she started to walk with him but then pulled back , remembering their picnic .

`` oh , the blanket and food ! ''

she explained , about to forget everything after the way he 'd made her feel .

she pulled her arm out from his but he stopped her , shaking his head .

`` do n't worry about those .

they will be taken care of , '' he replied and pulled her hand back into his and started walking , ignoring the blanket and basket of food as he moved down to the sidewalk that lined the thames river .

`` tell me what you will be doing tomorrow , '' he ordered again .

victoria thought about her schedule with only a part of her mind .

the other half was looking backwards and , in the darkness , she saw one of his guards walk over to her blanket and fold it , then lift the picnic basket , hurrying towards the limousine .

as soon as they were out in the open , the other four guards formed a loose perimeter .

if she did n't know better , she would assume that they were just four large , bulky men walking along the riverbank with the other tourists .

`` victoria , answer my question , '' he stated sternly , knowing she was concerned about the guards again .

he wanted her to learn to ignore them since she would soon be surrounded by them herself once she accepted his proposal .

`` oh , '' she said , turning back to him , surprised at the stern tone .

she thought quickly about her schedule the next day , `` i have four classes tomorrow .

thankfully , exams are over but i have reports to write now for the end of the semester . ''

he asked her questions about her classes , her professors , the reports she was planning to write and how her exams went .

it sounded slightly like an interview but she did n't mind .

she put it down to him just being curious about her life and what she did .

in a way , it was flattering .

she wondered what he would say if she returned the interrogation .

there was a small silence as they walked the last few feet of the sidewalk and she worked hard to gain the courage to ask .

`` what are you doing tomorrow ? ''

she asked when they 'd reached the car .

a guard sprung forward to open it and victoria was proud that she had n't just stepped forward to open it herself .

she 'd remembered dharr 's instruction earlier in the evening , thankfully .

`` i have meetings all day tomorrow , '' he said simply .

`` what kinds of meetings ? ''

she asked .

he pulled her onto his lap and shook his head , `` boring meetings with men that you do n't know , '' was all he would say before his head dipped to kiss her .

victoria wanted to question him more about his meetings , after all , he 'd asked her very specific questions about her day , why should n't she do the same ?

but his mouth stopped her questions and she was just as happy to return the kiss , feeling safe now that they were in the back of the limousine and he probably would n't do anything too revealing to her with the driver only a few feet away .

dharr walked her to her door that night and kissed her one more time .

`` give me your mobile number , '' he said when he lifted his head .

slowly , she came back to earth and her mind started working .

`` mobile ? ''

she asked stupidly .

dharr liked the way she became flustered after every kiss .

smothering a victorious smile which she might misinterpret he waited a moment more , watching her beautiful green eyes focus before asking again .

`` yes , give me the number so i can call you , '' he said .

`` um ... i do n't have one , '' she replied , biting her lip nervously .

all her friends had a mobile phone but she could n't afford one .

she figured that the only people who would call her could do so on the regular lines which were provided by the school .

there had never been a need for the extra expense of a mobile .

dharr 's eyes looked down into hers , slightly surprised that someone would n't have a mobile phone in this day and age .

`` why not ? ''

instead of telling him the truth , she simply shrugged her shoulders .

`` no need , '' she replied .

`` you have a need now , '' he said and stepped back .

`` i 'll have one delivered . ''

she did n't like the sound of that .

`` dharr , really , there 's no need i promise . ''

he touched a finger to her lips , silencing her with his touch .

`` you walk around campus during the day and night and from what you 've just told me , you study in the library until it closes at midnight , '' he said swiftly .

`` not to mention the fact that i want to be able to reach you when i have a free moment .

i ca n't contact you easily with the normal phone and i want to make sure you have some sort of security while you walk around campus . ''