finally , he leaned forward and pulled the art history book closer .

`` here 's one your professor will probably have on the exam , '' he said .

victoria considered explaining herself to scott but she did n't .

she was eager to move on and pretend that the scene had n't taken place .

the second incident occurred about two weeks later .

she was on her way to the bookstore where she worked about ten hours a week .

the work gave her just enough spending money to buy what she needed in the way of books and supplies , plus a few minor extras if she was careful .

she was n't being very careful lately , she thought as she entered the bookstore through the back where the employees entered .

she was spending more on her clothes and makeup just so she could spruce herself up for dharr when he phoned .

smiling at her manager , she was putting her coat away when her mobile rang .

`` hello ? ''

she answered , knowing it was dharr .

he was the only one who had the mobile 's number .

jasmine had been thrilled to know she finally had broken down and gotten a mobile phone and had asked for the number so she could reach her for parties and such .

but victoria had refused to give it out .

she was n't paying the air time on the phone so she did n't want to waste dharr 's money on calls other than to him , regardless of how wealthy he was .

scott did n't even ask for the number and she felt his censure each time dharr called and scott was around .

`` hello beautiful .

i 'm in town unexpectedly .

come have brunch with me . ''

victoria was instantly disappointed .

`` i 'm just about to start work .

i ca n't really meet you today .

how long are you going to be in town ? ''

`` what do you mean , 'work ' ? ''

he asked , saying the word as if were dirty .

victoria hesitated , shocked by the instant anger in his voice .

she turned away from her co-workers who were joking about their classes while getting their bookstore aprons on .

`` dharr , i 'm sure i mentioned that i work in the bookstore a few mornings each week . ''

`` no , i 'm equally certain that you did n't mention that .

you 'll have to quit that job , victoria . ''

she was stunned .

his tone brooked no room for argument .

`` excuse me ? ''

she asked , sure she 'd misunderstood .

`` you ca n't work , victoria .

i wo n't have it . ''

she pulled the phone away from her ear and stared at it as if it had grown a head .

putting it back to her ear , she said , `` did you just tell me that i had to quit ? ''

`` that 's exactly what i said .

give me the address and i 'll swing by .

you do n't need to work .

if you need money , i 'll give you an allowance . ''

victoria gasped .

`` an allowance ? ''

she spit out .

`` i 'm not a child who needs an allowance .

i work just enough hours to buy what i need and i 'm not quitting no matter how angry you get , '' she snapped .

she wanted to hang up on him , she was so furious .

the only thing that stopped her was that it would be extremely rude and her mother would be horrified at the breach in manners .

`` do n't challenge me victoria , '' he said .

his voice was n't angry but was deadly calm .

`` meet me for brunch .

i do n't have much time , '' he demanded again .

she was actually shaking with her anger .

no one ordered her around , no matter how handsome and charming he could be during all the other times .

`` no .

excuse me but i have to go now .

my shift is starting .

i 'll call you when i 'm done .

goodbye dharr . ''

without another word , victoria snapped the phone shut and shoved it into her pocket .

it started ringing a moment later but she simply turned off the ringer and shut it away in her locker .

stomping furiously out of the storeroom , she took the first box of books she saw and started shelving them .

how dare he speak to her like that ?

she fumed as she took the books out of the box and placed them on the shelf .

the others joked with her that she was doing the work of three people that day .

even her manager laughed , nodding to indicate that the statement was true .

all of them tried to find out why she was so angry but she simply helped the next customer in line or started stacking books again , whichever was closest at the time .

she still had n't calmed down by the time she finished her shift six hours later .

she grabbed her phone and started the long walk back to her dorm .

she was so angry , she did n't see the big , burley man following her , or notice when he made a phone call .

unlocking her door , she was just about to toss her bag onto the floor and storm into her room when a dark shadow moved out of the corner of her eye .

gasping , victoria 's anger disappeared , replaced by a desperate fear for her safety .