someone was in her apartment , she thought .

frantically searching for the phone to call the police , her hand had just reached it when something in her head stopped her .

a moment later , dharr stood up and moved forward , his anger a physical force within the small common room .

she placed the phone back into the cradle and turned to him , trying to be angry but too relieved that it was just him and not a burglar .

`` how did you get in here ? ''

she asked , backing up a step as he moved closer to her .

`` do n't worry about that , '' he said .

`` you hung up on me , '' he stated .

`` and you disobeyed me . ''

she was going to stand her ground , she told herself .

he would n't hurt her , she knew that so there was no need to be afraid of him .

lifting her chin , she stopped backing up and looked up into his angry , black eyes .

`` yes .

i did .

you 're not my father .

i do n't follow your orders , '' she said .

she 'd backed down before but on this , she was making a stand .

it was too important .

`` not yet , '' he said and took a lock of her hair between his fingers .

`` but soon , '' he stated , wrapping more of her hair around his hand , then pulling her head back .

`` you may not work , victoria .

i wo n't allow it , '' he said a moment before his mouth descended to hers .

this kiss was not soft but it still captured her , throwing her into a state of desire so instantaneous it took her breath away .

her hands reached up to his shoulders and her body moved against his .

`` you also made me wait , '' he ground out , and a moment later his hands captured her waist , lifting her up so she was eye level with him .

he pushed her back against the door , then pushed his body against hers , holding her there in that way , allowing his hands to move over her body .

`` do n't ever do that again , '' he grated out .

`` dharr ! ''

she cried out when his teeth captured her ear , biting hard but the sensation was n't scary .

she wrapped her legs around his waist and her arms around his neck , pulling him closer , mindless to the desire pooling within her body , ending near her core and moistening her underwear .

she was embarrassed that he had such power over her but there was nothing she could do to resist him .

each time he touched her , he controlled her completely .

he was always the one to end their kisses , leaving her almost begging for him to continue .

the only thing stopping her was the fear of the unknown , of his touch and the fear of what he might want from her .

she was terrified that she could n't deliver .

he was so dynamic and experienced , how in the world could she ever compare to the other women he 'd been with ?

and the feelings were too new , too raw and too overwhelming .

that day , he 'd ended the kiss with a growl and left her , standing in the middle of her sitting room looking confused .

the only words he said were , `` i 'll call you when i 'm back in town . ''

a moment later , he was gone , leaving her shaking with unsatisfied desire and deep frustration over his autocratic manner .

in the end , she did n't need to quit her job , nor did she make any moves to do so , despite his order that she stop working .

she suspected that dharr took care of that himself .

her manager just slowly started cutting back on her hours .

so two weeks later , she had no income .

when he came to pick her up that night , she questioned him about it .

but he only changed the subject .

not having any proof , she could n't accuse him of anything .

the rest of the time spent with him was wonderful .

dharr took her to exciting places to eat or dance .

she went to almost every theatre for the wonderful productions and was thrilled at the end of each night when he took her into his arms .

he always kissed her until she was senseless , begging for something she did n't understand .

but he never took it too far .

no matter how much she writhed in his arms , mindless with desire and almost crying out with the need for whatever was at the end , he never tried to touch her breast again .

finals were coming up and victoria was spending as much time as possible in the library studying .

the library was open all night on some nights , allowing students to finish their research and study during the final week .

victoria knew she 'd see dharr on saturday night and since she had no job , she allowed herself to sleep in , exhausted from being in the library until almost two in the morning .

dharr 's meetings had ended earlier than anticipated and his first thought was to find victoria and spend the afternoon with her .

it was almost time to reveal her future to her and , on the flight to london that morning , he considered his plans .

at the idea of seeing victoria again , his body responded , painfully ready for her .