as always , he allowed the pain to filter into his mind , numbing his body since the wanting was so intense .

he 'd followed his plan exactly and now he knew that victoria was in the same state of almost constant arousal he was in .

just touching her now and her body responded without hesitation to his touch , his kiss .

the first time he 'd ventured towards her breast , she 'd been afraid .

now , he knew that when he touched her again , she would n't be afraid .

the desire within her was a fever , needing to be assuaged .

the fear would be gone and only the desire would be there .

it took less time than he 'd imagined originally .

he 'd given himself two months , but after only six weeks , he knew he would have to move up the wedding date .

there was no way he could wait another four months to have her .

and he knew that she felt the same way .

each simple touch and she was mindless .

he smiled grimly , knowing that moving the wedding date up would also help him .

he found himself thinking about her too often .

he attributed his lack of attention to the need for release .

he had n't been with another woman since meeting her and now he too needed something .

but it could only be assuaged by victoria .

he would announce his engagement next week after revealing all to victoria tonight .

his plane landed and his driver made their way through the early morning london traffic .

it was towards the end of rush hour but still thick with londoners getting to and from their work place .

he did n't call victoria this time , wanting to surprise her .

now that he 'd gotten her out of that awful , menial job , he knew she 'd be where she should be .

in bed .

waiting for him .

the idea made his groin throb and he shifted uncomfortably before he could regain control .

he hurried up the steps to her apartment , wondering what she would be like right out of bed .

he knew she 'd be warm and sleepy , her long , sexy hair tumbled around her shoulders .

no makeup .

he liked that idea .

he wanted to see what she was like , pure and fresh .

there were many ways he wanted to see her and that was just one way .

writhing naked underneath him , begging for the release he would give her , on top of him , taking her time with him , the positions went on and on and he had to switch gears or the erection he seemed to continuously have now whenever he came near her , or even thought about her , would be embarrassingly obvious .

he also wanted to see her swell with his child , holding their son close to suckle at her breast .

ah , he thought .

he 'd chosen well .

victoria 's beauty would go well with his strength .

she would help him produce the next heir to the throne .

he chuckled as he skipped up the last step .

he supposed he should tell her that she would be queen .

she 'd like that , he thought to himself .

no more studying ... . dharr 's thoughts were halted abruptly when the door to victoria 's suite opened just as he 'd lifted his hand to knock .

`` oh !

hello ! ''

a tall , gangly man was saying .

dharr took in the man who was tall , but still a few inches shorter than he was .

he had obviously just rolled out of bed since his hair was messed up .

he was only wearing a pair of drawstring sweatpants and a torn tee shirt .

in his hands was a huge sandwich and a large grin on his face .

`` you must be victoria 's man , eh ? ''

the man asked .

`` dharr hokum qudama , '' dharr replied , ignoring the outstretched hand the younger man offered .

`` i 'm here to see victoria .

is she in ? ''

he asked .

without waiting , dharr pushed past the man into the suite .

`` oh , hey , '' scott said , about to argue with the man who obviously needed a lesson in manners .

but he remembered that victoria was over the moon for the man so he held his tongue .

he had to have some redeeming qualities if she loved him like she did .

`` i say , she 's still sleeping , '' he replied when dharr looked around the room .

dharr 's black eyes snapped back to the bedraggled man .

`` what do you mean ? ''

scott could n't help it , he was getting irritated by the man 's domineering attitude .

`` i mean , she was up late last night and she 's still sleeping . ''

he tried to keep a civil tone but he remembered the one sided conversation about the phone several weeks ago and did n't like the man .

`` how about if you come back later ? ''

dharr 's mind was spinning out of control .

what was this man doing in victoria 's suite and how did he know that she was still sleeping ?

dharr looked at the sofa but there was no sleeping accoutrements on it to let him know that the man had slept on the sofa .

the only other possibility was that he 'd been sleeping in victoria 's bed .

the idea blasted through his mind , almost making him lose concentration .