`` get out , '' dharr said .

thankfully , the man understood dharr 's anger and left , closing the door behind him .

dharr walked to the door he knew was victoria 's bedroom and pushed it open .

the sight he confronted blew away all doubt he had in his mind about what victoria had been doing last night .

he could see only skimpy cotton underwear and nothing else .

the blanket was on the floor , obviously forgotten and only a thin sheet covered her nearly naked body .

her legs were sprawled out , and her hands were flat against the mattress .

it was the most sensuous sight he 'd ever beheld .

how could she have given herself to that man ?

what on earth would possess her to do such a thing he thought to himself .

but then the blame came back to him .

he 'd fired her passion one too many times , he thought .

and she 'd had to find release somewhere .

he 'd been so firm in stopping before things got out of hand over the past six weeks and now she 'd sullied herself by giving her virginity to another man .

the pain that ripped through dharr was beyond anything he 'd ever felt before .

and as he looked down at the sleeping beauty , he wanted to inflict the same pain on her that he was now feeling .

he 'd never hated anyone before , his power being so absolute that he could crush an enemy with little effort .

and now he would crush victoria .

he would crush her just as she was now crushing him .

he 'd make her pay .

with seething fury , dharr closed the door and walked over to the bed .

he did n't even bother to take off his jacket or tie .

he just sat down on the bed , letting his weight roll her towards him .

the tiny scrap of material covering her breasts just made him angrier .

it was only a small , cotton camisole and he could see her nipples through the thin fabric .

`` victoria , '' he said softly but enough to wake her up slightly .

her head rolled over and her hand pushed her mass of thick hair out of her eyes .

blinking , she looked up sleepily at him .

`` dharr ? ''

she asked .

to dharr 's anger infused mind , her question only confirmed her guilt further .

to him , she was confirming her current lover 's name before proceeding and it added fuel to the fire of his increasing fury .

`` why do you have to ask ? ''

he said .

his hand dove into her hair and pulled her face up to his for a kiss .

`` are you so confused ? ''

victoria 's eyes lost their sleep and became confused but a moment after his lips touched hers , her hands reached out and held onto his shoulders .

she pulled her body up , wanting to be as close as possible to him , needing to feel him against her .

her soft moans only made him furious but he would n't relent .

not yet .

his hand came down to touch her breast , the thumb rubbing it to a hard nubbin through the cotton fabric .

he captured her cry in his mouth while his other hand slipped underneath the fabric , doing the same to the other nipple .

he heard her cries of passion but was merciless .

he pulled the fabric up and pushed her down on to the mattress , his mouth taking over where his thumb had been and victoria almost screamed out with the pleasure that was pulsing through her system .

`` dharr !

please .

you have to stop , '' she said but her hands were pulling at his hair , keeping his mouth in place instead of pulling away , contradicting her plea to stop .

`` not yet , victoria .

soon though . ''

`` no ! ''

she cried out , her legs spreading immediately when his hand reached down .

he pushed her underwear out of the way , his finger sliding against her clitoris and victoria inhaled sharply , painfully .

when his finger moved inside her and his thumb continued on in it 's place , she could feel herself floating higher and higher .

his mouth still covered her breast , suckling hard , nipping then soothing only to repeat the process while his finger and thumb created their own kind of magic .

without warning , victoria slipped over the cliff into an orgasm that was so intense , she almost blacked out , her fingers clenching and unclenching in dharr 's hair .

dharr had n't meant to give her a release .

he 'd meant to raise the pressure , to increase her frustration to the same level that he was feeling .

but her body was so responsive , so incredibly wound tight , that with almost no stimulation , she was shivering out her orgasm .

the beauty of her climax was so perfect that he helped her through the final moments instead of pulling away as he 'd planned to do .

and right now , watching her eyes flutter open again , seeing the flush of satisfaction on her cheeks and feeling the liquid heat surrounding his finger , he wanted to rip off his clothes and sink into her , to find his own release .

but her next words stopped him , flooring him yet again and straining his ability to control his anger to the breaking point .

`` dharr , '' she sighed .

`` why did you do it ? ''