he demanded harshly , pulling free of her and standing up .

victoria realized that he was completely dressed , not even his tie askew .

a moment earlier she 'd felt as if every bone in her body was relaxed and finally sated after weeks of frustration at his hands .

the bliss had been worth the wait , she told herself .

but the fury she saw in his eyes made her self conscious .

she pulled her camisole down and yanked the sheet over her legs , feeling dirty for some reason .

`` i do n't understand . ''

`` why did you sully yourself ? ''

he rasped out .

`` you could have had it all .

and yet you decided you could n't wait . ''

`` sully myself ? ''

she repeated .

`` you think that what i did sullied me ? ''

she asked , the hurt coming through as she watched him look in the mirror and pat his hair back into place .

`` how many times ? ''

he demanded angrily .

`` how many times ? ''

she repeated .

`` stop repeating my questions , '' he snapped .

`` how many have there been ? ''

he demanded .

victoria tried to sit up straighter in bed but her body just would n't cooperate .

`` dharr , could we start this conversation over again ?

i 'm not following what you 're asking me . ''

dharr turned and looked at her fully , noting the pink tinge to her cheeks and the red lips , swollen from his kisses .

he 'd imagined her like this so many times .

but in all those fantasies , he was with her , both of them sated and feeling complete .

he told himself he only felt betrayed that she had given her virginity to another .

but looking at her now , remembering how instantly her body had convulsed around his finger , he wondered if she was more experienced than he 'd assumed .

she was obviously well tutored .

so for the past six weeks she had been just acting on her part .

that infuriated him .

he needed to leave before he did or said something he 'd regret .

`` goodbye , victoria .

unfortunately , you are no longer worthy . ''

he said and left the room .

he did n't bother to close the door as he left and he did n't look back .

the painful memories came flooding back to victoria , forcing her feet to stop walking as she watched the tall , incredibly handsome man step out of the long , black car .

the guards were already positioned around him , forming the perimeter she 'd eventually learned to ignore .

the months after his departure from her life had been tortuous for her .

if it had n't been for jasmine and scott , pushing , teasing , nagging and generally just not allowing her to give into the depression , she would have failed out of school and not even cared .

the morning he 'd said those horrible words , victoria had broken down in tears that had n't stopped for two days straight .

neither jasmine nor scott could figure out what had been said so they did what they could to comfort her .

jasmine had gone to all of her professors and asked for an extension to her exams , explaining that some sort of tragedy had occurred although they could n't figure out what it was through the crying .

a week after he left , she took her finals , then wept for another week .

she passed , but just barely that semester , her mid terms and the strength of her research papers carrying her through with bs when she would normally have received as straight across .

the real slap in the face came when scott arrived on their doorstep one morning with a newspaper .

victoria had been showering and came out to see scott and jasmine looking at an article .

she walked over , looked down and saw dharr staring out of one of the pictures .

the caption revealed so much about him , she was stunned she had n't realized the truth before .

the king of ashir finalizes oil leases for great britain the article stated .

it was all about how the negotiations had started to flounder about a month ago and all looked lost .

but some tricky negotiations had saved the day .

victoria had closed herself in her room for the rest of the day , not coming out to eat or talk .

eventually , she started living again .

she , scott and jasmine graduated , victoria with honors despite her awful semester involving dharr .

jasmine was now living with her current boyfriend but victoria had agreed to move in with scott .

he and marcus had split up by mutual agreement at that point .

now , five years later , scott was starting to make headway into the fashion industry .

one of the designs victoria had posed in had caught the eye of a magazine editor and there was the possibility of a layout for the following spring .

victoria was a guidance counselor for an elementary school and loved it although she 'd never taken either scott or jasmine up on the offer of another blind date .

they teased her unmercifully about her nun-like existence but she preferred to be alone rather than deal with the kind of pain love could inflict on a person .

she 'd loved dharr with all her heart and soul , had shivered through her first orgasm with him and then was callously rejected , told she 'd sullied herself and been informed she was no longer worthy .