he did n't come forward , but stared at her through dark glasses , waiting for her to come to him .

for a long moment , she considered her options .

she could just stand here and stare at him .

or she could turn around the way she 'd come .

she could go home and call in sick , which would n't be a lie for she instantly felt sick with anger , both at herself and at him .

the other option , which seemed to be the most reasonable , was to walk straight through the front door of the school and ignore him .

she did n't feel very reasonable but she remembered that she had several appointments this morning .

the kids needed her .

their parents needed her .

it was only a few days until summer vacation and she needed to help some kids so they would make it through the summer .

besides , she refused to let dharr control another second of her life .

forcing one foot in front of the other , she eventually made her way to the front door of the building .

she was just two feet away when a hand whipped her around .

dharr 's face was just as handsome and hard as stone as she remembered it being .

`` how are you , victoria ? ''

he said .

she considered ignoring him , but at that moment , a noisy group of kids ran from the playground , heading into the school .

several of them stopped and gave her a hug .

`` good morning , ms .

mason ! ''

they called out , then rushed through the doors , all excited about the upcoming summer vacation .

because she was surrounded by impressionable children , she had to set the right example .

`` good morning , your highness . ''

that was all she would give him .

protocol probably required that she curtsy or bow or something along those lines , but she refused , not considering him worthy of the effort to even hold the door for him .

she turned to walk into the school , furious when he fell into step beside her .

`` you look good , '' he said as they walked through the school 's hallways .

`` thank you , '' victoria replied , holding the door wide so five running boys could precede her .

`` slow down , mike , '' she called out .

then walked through the door herself and pretended he was n't there as she walked to the office to sign in for the day .

she picked up her messages at the front desk and sifted through them , painfully aware of dharr standing next to her .

`` who 's the hunk ? ''

betty asked , eyeing dharr with a wink .

victoria did n't smile but she knew she would have to introduce him .

doing anything else would only stir up the gossip mills even more .

`` betty , this is dharr qudama , '' she introduced , omitting his title .

`` dharr , betty , the school secretary and resident flirt . ''

victoria smiled at betty since it was an ongoing joke that betty , who was seventy if she was a day , flirted with anyone with testosterone running through their system .

`` how do you do ? ''

dharr said , and formally bowed , kissing betty 's hand reverently .

`` it is a pleasure to meet you . ''

betty actually blushed and batted her eyes at dharr 's compliment and charm .

victoria controlled her eyes from rolling , but just barely .

she wished she could scream and stomp her feet but that would n't be a very good example .

`` are you victoria 's boyfriend ? ''

one of the other office workers called out .

`` bout time , tory ! ''

another said .

`` good one ! ''

yet another called .

`` no .

he 's just an old ... '' victoria hesitated , wondering how she could describe someone like dharr ... `` just someone i knew when i was in college , '' she finally finished .

victoria turned to face dharr .

`` perhaps you should come into my office and explain exactly what you want and then get out of here , '' she whispered harshly , hoping none of her co-workers overheard .

`` perhaps that would be best , '' he said .

victoria led the way to the hallway and unlocked her office door .

the room was filled with books and stacks of papers everywhere .

there were stuffed animals and a beaten up old sofa that had definitely seen better days .

`` have a seat , '' she said , waving to the battered sofa , knowing he would n't dare sit down in it .

she watched in amusement as he perched on the edge .

`` so what 's up ? ''

she asked , sitting down behind her desk and crossing her arms over her chest .

`` why the sudden appearance after five years , your highness ? ''

there was suddenly a knock on the door and a small face appeared .

as soon as the girl saw victoria , she rushed into the room .

`` oh , ms .

mason ! ''

she cried and threw herself into victoria 's arms .

victoria held the little girl closely , rocking her back and forth .

it was mary gregory and her father had died in a car accident a week ago .

her mother was struggling with the four older children and mary seemed to be getting the raw end of the stick emotionally .

they just sat there for what seemed like several minutes , then mary stood back .