victoria looked down at her notebook and gasped .

the figure was three times her annual salary .

`` good grief ! ''

she thought .

pushing that thought aside , she shook her head .

`` no way , '' she said out loud .

pushing the envelope to the side , she picked up her pencil and realized that her hands were shaking .

dammit !

how could the man affect her like this after so many years ?

she 'd finally convinced herself that she was over him and then he just walks into her life , making things crazy again .

well , she would n't let him .

five years ago , she 'd jumped at his bidding .

any time he called , she 'd relished the idea of spending any amount of time with him she could .

but not anymore .

he could n't do that to her again .

she told herself she was immune to his arrogance and charm .

she had the control .

he did n't .

chapter 5 `` what 's this ? ''

scott asked , opening the envelope that had been sitting on her desk at home .

they shared a tiny flat in central london .

it was n't the best part of town , but it was convenient to both their jobs which suited both of them just fine .

she was standing on a pedestal while scott pinned fabric around her body .

he was working on a design for a new dress for the magazine layout and she was acting as his model .

at the moment , her hair was piled on top of her head to keep it out of his way while he nipped and tucked , putting the finishing touches on a sexy , sultry dress of soft green chiffon that fitted her body so closely , she could n't wear anything underneath .

`` thank goodness you 're boobs are still perky enough to pull this off , '' scott said , getting her attention finally .

she 'd been holding a file on one of her kids and had n't heard his original question .

`` what do you mean ? ''

she said , smacking his head playfully .

`` i 'm not that old ! ''

scott ducked just in time to avoid the file coming down on his head .

he grinned unrepentantly before saying , `` i mean , you 're such an old maid , one day , you 're going to be forced to wear a bra when you choose something like this .

i 'm just grateful that you 're not there yet , '' he teased .

victoria looked down at her breasts and shook her head .

`` they are fine , '' she said .

`` and i 'm not aging that fast so just knock it off . ''

`` at least in this dress , they get a little showing off , eh ? ''

he continued .

`` since no one else has been seeing them lately . ''

victoria rolled her eyes at the old argument , refusing to rise to the baiting .

`` scott , just because i 'm not dating , does n't give you the right to criticize my love life .

i do n't remember seeing anyone in your bedroom lately . ''

scott took a pin out of his mouth and nipped .

`` ah , but the operational word here is lately , '' he said .

`` i 've had relationships recently .

what can we say about you , madam nun ? ''

`` no need , '' she replied , hiding the pain of her morning encounter from scott by lifting her file folder up again .

`` i have a full enough life as it is .

there 's no need to add a man into it and complicate everything , '' she said .

she almost said , `` again '' but stopped herself just in time .

after dharr , she had n't wanted to meet any new men .

for a long time , she had n't been able to dredge up any interest and then it took courage just to look at another man and consider his attractiveness .

because each time she looked , she would compare him to dharr and find the man lacking .

it had taken over a year just to look at a man and not cringe in disgust .

finally , she 'd decided she needed to get over him .

unfortunately , she had n't found anyone to compare to him .

no matter how much she tried , unconsciously , she still compared the men she met to dharr .

so here she was , five years later and still a virgin .

much to jasmine and scott 's frustrations .

and definitely not from their lack of trying .

at every opportunity , they introduced her to one of their new acquaintances , hoping she would take to one of them .

but not a single man she 'd met could hold a candle to dharr .

besides , she told herself , why deal with the pain ?

it had been too hard getting over him last time .

why would any woman put herself through that again ?

jasmine jumped from man to man but victoria knew that she was n't the kind who could do that .

she was the emotionally committed kind , unfortunately , she grimaced .

thankfully , scott filled his mouth up with pins again and did n't have the ability to speak for several more minutes .

when he was done , he shooed her off to take the dress off .

but moments later , just as victoria was pulling on her underwear , scott opened her door , sitting on her bed while she finished putting on a bra and clothes .