and now , he did n't have to slow down as he had all those years ago .

she 'd definitely gotten over her fears of sex , he thought .

she was obviously living with a man and admitted that she liked variety .

well , he 'd give her variety , he told himself .

he 'd make love to her so many ways she would n't be able to think straight .

and when he 'd finally gotten her out of his blood , he would toss her aside and find someone suitable to becoming his queen .

yes , it was a nice , neat plan .

kill two birds with one stone , he thought .

the hand holding her wrist softened and he stepped back .

in order to start his plans , he needed her on his own turf .

using intelligence and charm would be better than anger , he told himself .

and if that did n't work , he did n't object to paying for what he wanted .

after all , had n't life taught him that women were basically all prostitutes ?

they all wanted something from him .

even if it was simply bragging rights , none of them turned down a pretty trinket , did they ?

he just needed to find her price .

so start negotiating , he told himself .

`` so , do you need help packing ? ''

he asked .

victoria 's eyes narrowed .

`` you 're not listening , are you ? ''

she said .

`` i told you earlier that i 'm not going .

there are experts all over the world who can help your niece and nephew .

pick one and leave me alone . ''

he ran a finger down her arm , the gentle caress creating a shiver in her body that she remembered so well .

and he felt it , smiled over it .

that shiver meant that she still felt all the old chemistry they 'd shared before and it was just as strong now as it had ever been .

`` ah , but as i said , i need the best .

i need your compassion and directness .

these kids have been hurting for so long , it is going to take some real caring to get through to them .

from the very first moment i met you , i 've been impressed with your way with children .

it is extraordinary , to say the least . ''

victoria did n't like the warm glow that eased into her heart at his words .

but she pushed that feeling aside , knowing how good he was at getting what he wanted , whether he was telling her the truth or just words so she 'd fall into his plan .

`` flattery will get you no where , '' she said , crossing her arms over her chest again .

`` not enough money ? ''

he asked .

`` how about double what i offered you previously ? ''

victoria 's mouth dropped open .

she was stunned by the amount of money he was offering her for only a three month job .

but then she remembered that he was a king .

and a king to one of the wealthiest countries in the world with oil reserves so deep and vast that they were as yet untapped in some cases .

straightening her shoulders , she looked him in the eye .

`` you do n't get it , do you ? ''

she replied .

`` i do n't like you .

therefore , you 're going to have to get someone else to help you in this case . ''

`` not the right currency ? ''

dharr turned around and fingered the dress that was now laying across the back of a chair .

`` this looks nice .

it should be on the cover of some magazine , should n't it ? ''

he said .

victoria 's eyes narrowed .

`` what do you mean ? ''

she demanded , knowing that scott 's hopes were flying high now that there was the possibility of a magazine layout .

`` what do you think i mean , victoria .

you 're boyfriend only has a layout potential .

think about what it would do for him , for your future with him , if he were to get the cover of the magazine instead ? ''

victoria gasped .

how did he know that an editor was interested in scott 's designs ?

was he bluffing ?

there was nothing on paper yet .

either party could back out , not that scott would even think of doing that .

the layout meant a real beginning for him and his designs .

`` you do n't have that kind of influence ! ''

she said , praying that it was true .

dharr walked over to her , standing less than an inch from her delectable body .

`` not only do i have the power and influence to get him the cover , i can make the layout disappear .

i can also make your job disappear , '' he said , watching her eyes widen .

`` i 've done it before when you crossed me , did n't i ? ''

it took several seconds for his words to sink in .

but when they did , they hit her just like a slap across the face .

`` you bastard ! ''

she gasped .

`` the bookstore did n't lose business .

you had me taken off the schedule ! ''

`` of course .

i told you to quit . ''

he continued to watch her face , noting the furious expressions .

he said softly , `` do n't cross me , victoria .