i can be your best friend , or your worst enemy .

and that of all your ... friends , '' he said , hesitating on the last word .

he walked over to the door and opened it .

`` your last day of school is wednesday .

i 'll send a car to pick you up on thursday morning .

do n't disappoint me , victoria . ''

a moment later , she was standing alone in the apartment .

her anger turned to shivers and then into full blown fury .

in the end , she just sat down on the sofa and cried .

she had n't released so much energy on emotions since he left her that morning and she swore she 'd never let another man hurt her that way again .

now that very same man was here , in her life , turning it upside down .

and possibly hurting others if she did n't do as he said .

around midnight , she slipped into her room , not wanting scott to come back from his date and see her like this .

he 'd been through enough emotional upheavals from her to last a lifetime .

he did n't need another .

and he did n't need his career to be ruined before it even got started if she could do anything to save it .

if it was ruined , it would be all her fault anyway .

dharr would see to that .

life just was n't fair , she thought to herself as she watched the dawn slowly rise over the horizon .

she 'd wracked her brains trying to come up with a way to get out of this but each time she came up with a solution , she fell again .

it all came down to dharr 's threat to ruin scott .

she did n't really care about herself .

she could head back to her parents farm and help out the kids in her old village .

there were plenty there who needed help .

but scott did n't deserve this .

he finally had a chance and dharr was threatening to kill it before it started .

chapter 6 after a sleepless monday night , her body shut down after school on tuesday .

unfortunately , wednesday night , she was too nervous to sleep .

she kept packing and repacking her bag , changing her mind on what she would need to bring .

in the end , she packed a suitcase full of jeans and shorts with simple tee-shirts , sandals and tennis shoes .

at the last minute , she packed a few sundresses , not sure what she would use them for but feeling better and more prepared now that they were in her suitcase .

she was going to be with the kids .

everything she packed was more practical than flattering .

her sole mission was to help two small children who needed help .

stripping her suitcase free of any flattering outfits made her feel good .

at least dharr would know that she was there for them and did n't have any feelings for him .

not even the need to please him .

she watched the long , sleek car pull up to the curb and lugged her heavy suitcase down the stairs , not waiting for someone to come up and get it for her .

in the back of her mind , she knew it would infuriate dharr .

five years ago , he 'd taught her how to allow others to do things for her .

she 'd always been uncomfortable with it but had done it to please him .

now , she was n't out to please him .

she was only here for the kids so his opinion on how to act in front of servants was not her concern .

the driver jumped out of the car and tried to take her suitcase .

`` no , thank you , '' she said , pulling it along behind her .

`` if you 'll just pop the boot , i 'll store it away . ''

the driver was dumbfounded and did n't know what to do for a moment .

finally , he got his wits and raced ahead of her to unlock the boot .

he tried to lift her suitcase for her , but victoria again shook her head .

`` no need , '' she laughed and lifted it into the storage space by herself .

`` see , '' she said , dusting off her hands efficiently .

`` all done , '' she explained .

the driver then tried to rush over to the door but victoria again ignored him and opened the door before him , letting herself into the limousine .

the hard voice that greeted her startled her .

she almost fell onto the seat as dharr said , `` it seems you 've forgotten all the lessons i taught you five years ago . ''

victoria flushed .

she 'd thought he was only sending the car .

she did n't realize that he 'd be picking her up .

nevertheless , she rallied over her surprise at seeing him again when she was n't expecting to .

`` i never was a good student at silly , pointless lessons .

but perhaps the teacher was n't very good , '' she suggested , raising her eyebrows in challenge .

dharr 's response to that was to raise one eyebrow .

`` perhaps you just need a refresher on everything i taught you , '' he suggested , his smile was lethal in its charm and victoria blushed , knowing he was not referring to how to let the servants help her but about how to please him sexually .

well , while kissing anyway .