they 'd never gotten to the sex part of things .

at least he had n't .

her blush intensified when she remembered that morning and the things she 'd let him do to her .

her complete surrender was at his fingertips and he knew it .

his deep chuckle indicated that he was thinking the same thing .

victoria sat back against the plush seats , looking away from him , ignoring him as she watched the london skyline rush by outside the darkened windows .

space , she thought .

she just needed to keep her distance from him .

then everything would be okay , she told herself .

and she needed to remind herself that she was here for the children .

they were what really mattered .

the car bypassed the regular airport entryways and continued on to a restricted area .

the car pulled right up to a private plane .

victoria 's jaw dropped when she saw that it was n't just a private jet , but a jumbo jet , two stories !

good grief , she thought .

`` are you going to get out ? ''

dharr asked beside her .

`` or are you telling me that my company inside this car is more pleasurable to you ? ''

victoria snapped out of her shock and realized that the door had already been opened for her by one of his waiting guards .

she slipped out , and waited for him to guide her into the plane .

she intended to follow behind him , not wanting to assume anything but he put a hand to her elbow and led her onto the plane .

he did n't stop until they were in the back , then he led her through a closed door , saying something in arabic to a man standing outside .

there , he waved her to a chair and she strapped herself in , uncomfortably aware that they were in a luxurious bedroom , complete with king sized bed and a desk with a computer on it and comfortable chairs in front of and behind it .

this room was bigger than her whole apartment , she realized .

the flight was uneventful as dharr took several calls , intermingled with telling her about his niece and nephew , about his brother and sister in law and how they died .

he also talked about the governess who was in charge of the kids and the woman 's routine for the children .

victoria suspected that the first thing that was wrong was the governess and her strict rules but she bit her tongue wanting to observe before she pronounced anything solid .

the flight took less time than she thought it would and within what seemed like only a few hours , they were touching down in ashir .

victoria looked out the window , watching the desert country pass by the windows .

it was beautiful in its harshness and she was impressed that so many people had been able to create a home for themselves under these conditions .

but the houses were large and there was a thriving city in the capitol , she realized as the car passed through the town .

there were five other limousines and a police escort as they made their way to the palace .

once inside the impressive and intimating palace , victoria was led down several hallways that looked to be lined with gold , they glittered so brightly .

she was completely lost by the time dharr opened a double set of doors to reveal a large , airy school room .

inside , there were two small children sitting at desks .

as soon as the doors opened , both children and a stern looking woman stood up and bowed .

victoria bowed back to them , not sure what the protocol was in this instance .

`` stand up , '' dharr said harshly .

`` they are bowing to me , '' he explained .

`` oh , '' she said , and a smile appeared on her face .

`` sorry . ''

dharr 's black eyes sliced over to her face and showed her his displeasure .

but victoria was n't looking .

her attention was focused on the two , terribly sad looking children staring back at her .

dharr said something in arabic that she did n't understand but then reverted to english again .

`` may i present , arina and bajan , '' he said and the small girl and boy bowed politely to victoria .

`` and their governess , ms .

mattingly . ''

the three previous occupants of the room only stared at victoria .

two small pairs of eyes watched without emotion and the other with what victoria would later learn was hostility .

obviously , dharr had n't given the governess any forewarning that victoria was coming , nor did he tell anyone why she was here .

without any additional explanation , dharr nodded curtly to the children and ms. mattingly before addressing victoria .

`` i shall leave you to your studies , children , '' dharr said formally .

`` victoria , report to me daily on your progress , '' he said and left the room .

`` i 'll expect to see you tonight at dinner , '' he called out to her as the door closed .

with that , he left , the double doors closed behind him by a waiting servant .

victoria stood there , wondering what in the world she was supposed to do .

he wanted a progress report by tonight ?

she looked at her watch and figured it was almost lunch time in ashir .

the quiet in the large schoolroom after dharr left was eerie .

finally , ms mattingly cleared her throat and straightened her already ramrod straight spine .