`` well , we should get back to our studies , children , '' ms. mattingly said .

`` take your seats , '' she said .

`` if you will excuse us , ms .

mason ? ''

victoria knew that the governess did n't want her there but the children did n't seem to mind .

`` i think i 'll just stay and listen , if you do n't mind . ''

the governess pursed her lips but nodded .

`` open your books , children , '' she instructed .

victoria watched as the children struggled with their lessons .

her heart went out to the small children who were sitting so still in their chairs .

victoria had never seen a three year old sit still for hours like this .

arina should be outside , running and playing , screaming and singing songs in order to learn .

the memorization ms. mattingly preferred just was n't as effective as touching and playing and doing , victoria thought .

victoria watched without interrupting for the rest of the afternoon but her heart was breaking when she saw that arina 's eyes looked dead and sad .

no more mischief within their deep , brown depths .

and bajan was just as serious as she 'd thought from his pictures .

finally , ms. mattingly closed her books and declared it quiet time .

both children stood up and started walking .

victoria stood up and smiled .

`` ms. mattingly , would you mind if i spoke to the children ? ''

she said .

the governess walked over to stand next to the children .

`` of course , '' she said and waited .

`` alone , '' victoria emphasized when the straight laced woman showed no signs of leaving the children for a moment without her guidance and strict discipline .

that was not the woman 's choice but pursed her lips and left the room .

victoria looked at the two small beings and their sad , pain-filled eyes .

`` well , that was a lot of learning today , was n't it ? ''

victoria asked , sitting down on the floor and hoping the children would do the same .

they simply stood next to her , momentarily looking at her like she 'd lost her head , but then going back to their dead eyes .

even a momentary emotion was good , she thought .

`` would you like to sit down ? ''

victoria asked .

the girl thought about it but then rejected the idea but did n't say a word , just shook her head .

the boy did n't deign to reply .

he obviously had a great deal of his uncle in him and sitting on the floor was simply an unacceptable thing to do , according to the disdainful look in his eyes .

victoria was undeterred .

`` well , that 's okay .

i was hoping you both could help me to pronounce your names .

i 'm not very good at your language yet , you know . ''

victoria slaughtered their names but the children just politely explained the correct pronunciation without any sort of change in their features .

it took almost an hour of being silly before victoria finally got a half smile out of arina .

bajan did n't even blink at her silliness .

ms. mattinglly came back and excused the children , explaining that it was time for the children 's bath time .

victoria followed along , knowing that she was n't wanted but uncaring .

at the first sight of the children when she 'd walked into their school room , victoria knew that she was doing this for them , and no longer to protect scott from dharr 's retribution .

she went through the rest of the evening with them , ending the day in the children 's dining room where she told silly stories of the animals on the farm she 'd grown up on and the antics of her sister as well as her father who had been known to crack a joke or two when the nights were bitterly cold and there was nothing else to do but stay close to the fire after feeding the animals .

the children did n't smile , but at least they paid attention .

once they were in bed , victoria was exhausted .

all she wanted to do was soak in a tub and go to sleep .

but she remembered dharr 's order that she update him on her progress during dinner .

she considered ignoring the order but gave in only because he was their legal guardian and victoria knew that he had a right to hear what she thought of their predicament .

she asked a servant where to find dharr , wanting to get her `` report '' over with for the day .

when she was told he would be in a meeting until later that night , victoria was secretly relieved to have the burden of facing him taken off her , at least for the first day .

it was a small reprieve but one she embraced nonetheless .

she was instead led to a suite of rooms where she found her luggage .

there were three rooms in total and all of them were huge and beautifully decorated .

there was a bedroom , a sitting room and a bathroom , all decorated in soft shades of pink , white and cream .

in the bedroom , there was an enormous bed covered in silk sheets and thick , fluffy blankets , stacked high with pillows of all shapes and sizes against the headboard that was also covered in pink silk .

just outside the bedroom was a sunken living room , filled with comfortable looking sofas and chairs , centered around a marble coffee table .