a fireplace was along one wall and curtains shielded what she suspected were windows .

but the best part of all was the bathroom .

walking in , her eyes were drawn to the huge , sunken bathtub .

it was all white marble with pink accents and a shower with several jets right next to the bath .

it seemed as if every bone in her body ached from the stress of the past four days .

ever since dharr had re-entered her life , nothing had been the same .

even her enjoyment of the last few days of school had been tormented with memories of the times she 'd spent with dharr so long ago .

hoping for some relief from the tension , victoria turned on the bathtub and stripped out of her worn jeans and shirt .

adding bath salts and bubbles from an assortment of items on the side , she slipped into the quickly filled tub .

the water was perfect and she laid her head down on the cushioned end , closing her eyes and letting the stress soak out of her body .

she was thinking about dharr and the children and dharr 's hands , trying desperately to keep her mind from reliving the details of dharr 's kisses and touch from five years ago .

would it be the same ?

would she still react ?

she was n't going to find out , she determined .

she would stay away from him and only report to him in a formal sense .

all discussions about the children could be conducted in his office , if he even had an office .

she frowned , wondering where the man conducted the state business .

perhaps there was some sort of throne room .

a shiver went through her .

that thought brought home the reality that the man really was royalty .

a king !

good grief , what had he ever seen in her ?

she 'd been so naive and trusting .

maybe that was why he 'd considered her 'unworthy ' .

sighing , she pushed the memories and uncomfortable thoughts from her mind , knowing she 'd never have the answers .

his opinion of her did n't matter anymore .

soothing herself by moving the water around , forcing her mind to think only of the children and not of their incredibly handsome , dynamic , arrogant and domineering uncle , she eventually started to relax .

the door closing in the outer room alerted her that someone had entered .

but who on earth would come in ?

probably only a maid coming to turn down the bed , she thought .

could they not know that she was already in here ?

or had she just imagined the noise ?

when she did n't hear anything else , she chalked up the weird sensation to fatigue .

she closed her eyes and relaxed , telling herself that no one would dare enter her rooms .

security at the palace was extremely tight so she was safer here than she would be at home .

`` relaxed ? ''

dharr 's deep voice said from the doorway .

victoria sat up so quickly the water splashed around , creating waves that sloshed over the side .

`` what are you doing in here ? ''

she demanded , looking for a towel to cover herself .

fortunately , the bubbles were still thick enough to hide her nakedness from him .

he leaned negligently against the door frame while he watched her in the bathtub .

`` i told you i wanted a daily report .

you missed dinner , so i decided to find you instead . ''

`` i did n't miss dinner , '' she gasped , pulling the bubbles closer to her breasts .

`` i asked a servant where to find your office but they said you would be in meetings for the rest of the night .

and i can come talk to you later .

please leave , '' she said emphatically .

she was trying to sound assertive but she knew her voice just sounded breathless .

instead of obeying her command , dharr pushed away from the doorway and walked fully into the bathroom .

he took one of the marble seats covered in soft , pink silk .

`` what did you think of the children ? ''

he asked , looking like he was completely relaxed as he asked about his niece and nephew .

victoria swallowed hard , searching the bubbles for holes .

`` dharr , please , ca n't we have this conversation in a few minutes ? ''

he looked at her in the tub and raised one eyebrow .

`` why are you so nervous ?

do i make you nervous ? ''

he asked .

`` is it that you 'd prefer me to climb in there with you ? ''

`` no ! ''

she sat back , eyeing the towels that were sitting right next to him .

`` could you just hand me a towel ? ''

he reached out his arm , extending the towel to her but not getting up to deliver it as she 'd hoped .

`` happy to oblige , '' he said .

in order for victoria to reach the towel , she 'd have to get out and walk the ten feet to him .

there was no way she would do that in her present , naked , state .

victoria sat back , glaring at him .

if he was n't bothered by their situation , then she could at least pretend she was n't .

she would n't give him power over her .

`` you 're niece is wonderful but needs to smile more .

your nephew is a piece of work , wrapped in stress and wondering how he can shoulder the awesome responsibility of raising his sister all on his own . ''