but even to her own ears her voice lacked conviction .

`` why not ? ''

he asked .

`` do n't tell me you do n't wonder if it would be like it used to be between us , '' he said softly .

`` you remember , do n't you ?

at the first touch of our lips , the heat would fire and you 'd be in my arms , begging me to touch you , needing the next step , but terrified of what that next step would be . ''

his eyes were watching the flush steal into her cheeks and her mouth open slowly as she tried to form a response .

`` you know what that next step would be now , do n't you ?

and you want it , from me . ''

`` i do n't , '' she claimed .

he took one hand from her back and put it against the pulse beating on her throat .

`` you 're lying , '' he said .

`` i wonder why .

why would you be so afraid of what we can share between each other ? ''

`` because i do n't like you . ''

he smiled at her adamant reply , knowing she was nervous about what he could make her body feel .

`` well , that 's the funny thing about chemistry , '' he soothed , the hand touching her throat moved upwards , to rest against her cheek , stroking her full , lower lip sensuously .

`` it does n't really take our 'likes ' into account when revealing it 's ugly head , does it ? ''

victoria was starting to realize he was right .

she fought it , she really did .

but then his hand moved down from her back where it was holding the towel , he pushed the terry cloth away and rested against her skin instead , rubbing her skin and starting a fire wherever he touched .

at the first contact , victoria gasped and tried to arch away , but his other hand moved from her mouth , down to cover her breast , his thumb rubbing against the nipple through the thick terry cloth .

every sensation was coiling inside her , pooling in her stomach , then sending liquid heat between her legs .

`` you feel it , do n't you , victoria ? ''

he said softly .

before she knew what was happening , the towel was gone and she was leaning against him , her naked flesh revealed to his fully clothed body .

she felt his erection against her stomach and a part of her was terrified , but she wanted him .

she accepted that she 'd never wanted any other man .

it was crazy but she could n't deny it .

`` you want me , do n't you , '' he said , whispering in her ear before nibbling on her earlobe .

`` you 're not thinking about anyone else , are you ? ''

victoria stopped cold with his words while all the frustrations of the past five years came rushing back to her .

why on earth would he want to know if she was thinking about someone else ?

then it came to her , his words earlier that she was sleeping with scott and he must think there had been others .

he thought she was promiscuous !

she pushed away from him with all her strength and thankfully caught him off-guard .

`` do n't do that ! ''

she cried and picked up the towel , throwing it around her and then rushing from the room .

she ran into the bedroom and stood there , shaking and waiting for him to come out .

when he did , her body started shaking even more .

he walked towards her , his stride determined and the look in his eyes telling her that he was furious .

she held one hand out in front of her while the other held the towel firmly in place .

`` do n't come near me , dharr .

we 've had this conversation before and i wo n't let you do that to me again ! ''

she said , holding her hand out like a shield .

but he just took her hand in his and pulled her against him .

`` you 're fooling yourself if you think you can ignore what is going on between us , victoria .

i allowed you room before but that was my mistake .

i learned from that adventure into hell .

believe me , i wo n't let us travel down that road again . ''

he started to walk out of the room and then stopped .

turning back to her , he glared at her .

`` was he the first ? ''

she was shivering so violently she could barely hold the towel .

his words did n't make sense to her sexually frustrated and terrified mind .

`` what the hell are you talking about ? ''

she demanded .

`` was who the first ? ''

the idea that he 'd been fooled all along had eaten into his psyche for the past five years .

and now he had to know .

he 'd suspected it for so long , suspected that she 'd only been stringing him along hoping for more .

but it had n't made sense .

she had n't taken anything from him , even to the point of cooking him meals in an effort to maintain her side of the relationship .

good grief , she fought against even take a cell phone from him .

but he had to know if she really had been a virgin when he 'd initially met her .

had all her innocence and resistance to his position and wealth been a lie ?