was she really that good of an actress ?

`` was that night the first time '' he demanded , `` or were there others before him ? ''

`` you 're insane ! ''

she claimed , still not understanding what he was accusing her of .

a cruel smile twisted his mouth in response .

`` you 're probably right but that still does n't answer my question , '' he stated emphatically .

`` were there others ? ''

`` i 'm not answering that .

it is none of your business .

it never was , '' she said , lifting her chin and glaring right back at him , refusing to give in to his intimidation tactics .

the fact that she would n't tell him answered for her .

she condemned herself with her silence and that only infuriated him further .

she would prefer to share her body with others rather than become his wife and the mother of his children .

turning on his heel , he left her , slamming the door in his wake .

chapter 7 the following morning , victoria walked into the children 's breakfast room a servant had directed her to and stopped short .

sitting at the table looking incredibly sophisticated and sexy , casually drinking coffee was dharr .

and he was having a very serious conversation with his nephew .

bajan was talking about his responsibilities and arina was listening intently .

dharr nodded his head at certain points in the conversation but most of all , he allowed bajan to talk .

she stood in the doorway , feeling like an intruder but unwilling and unable to step back .

she 'd mentioned last night that she suspected that bajan was taking on the responsibility of raising his sister alone and dharr had listened to her , actually listened !

what 's more , he was acting on that piece of information .

the pain twisting her stomach after last night eased somewhat .

victoria realized that whatever dharr thought of her as a woman , he respected her professionally .

and that was something .

and going from nothing to something was a heady experience for her .

she listened intently as bajan continued to talk and her heart went out to the little man who was discussing how best to take care of his sister and dharr nodded his head earnestly .

bajan was serious but also very intelligent and well spoken for a boy of his age .

`` i think you have some good ideas , bajan , '' dharr was saying .

`` but maybe you could let me help you with some of the issues you may be facing in the years ahead of you , '' he said .

`` i 'm not saying that in all instances i should interfere , but perhaps i could guide you like my advisors guide me . ''

bajan considered this and , after several moments , he nodded his head .

`` i would be grateful for your guidance , uncle dharr , '' he said .

once that was settled , dharr turned to face arina .

`` and what is on your mind , little one ? ''

he asked .

she looked around , noting that her governess was far enough away to not overhear the conversation .

`` i 'd like a doggy , '' she whispered .

the words came out as if she knew that such an idea was forbidden .

victoria heard the words and she smiled secretly , loving the intent expression of the little girl .

but the expression on dharr 's face was equally priceless .

`` a doggy ? ''

he said loudly and victoria understood his horror .

she tried not to smile but it was too precious to see dharr 's face .

she stifled a giggle and covered her mouth .

`` well , what would you do with a doggy ? ''

he asked , maintaining the serious facade .

arina shrugged her shoulders and looked down .

`` i do n't know , '' she revealed .

her eyes , which had shown a small spark of excitement , died down and the sadness returned .

`` maybe it was a silly idea . ''

dharr looked up , straight at victoria , obviously having known all along that she was there and listening to the conversation .

his look was a call for help .

he 'd been doing so well up to that point and victoria hated to intrude , but she understood that dharr did n't understand what he should say in this instance .

victoria stepped into the room and sat down next to the little girl .

she started talking about her dog harry she 'd had at home .

turning to arina , she suggested , `` do you want a dog so you can have something to keep forever ? ''

she asked .

arina thought about it for a long time , then slowly nodded her head .

then in the middle of her nod , she shook her head .

`` but nothing lasts forever , '' she said .

victoria shook her head .

`` i 'm not sure i agree with that , '' she said .

four sets of eyes looked up at her .

she concentrated on the small set of brown eyes that were looking up curiously .

`` think about it , '' victoria said .

`` you miss your mother and father , do n't you ? ''

she said .

arina nodded but she noted that bajan lifted his head slightly , fighting the need to reveal his pain .

`` but do you think about them ? ''

again , arina nodded her head .

ms. mattingly stepped in at that point .