but if bajan had given her that admonition , then victoria knew she 'd have to step carefully .

victoria did n't want to hurt the impression arina had of her brother 's strengths , but she did n't want the little girl to keep the hurt inside either .

`` ms. mattingly said so , '' the small voice whispered .

`` she said we have to be strong and keep on working at our studies so we can grow up to be smart leaders . ''

victoria hoped the anger she felt for the governess did n't show on her face .

she looked gently down at the small child in her arms and thought carefully about how victoria could ease the child 's burden .

`` sometimes it is a good thing to cry , arina .

being strong means revealing your feelings , '' she said .

`` it means knowing that something is wrong and letting others help you , '' victoria said , sobbing herself now that arina was crying out desperately , her pain wracked body shaking with her grief .

a moment later , bajan stood next to her bed .

`` do you mean it ? ''

he asked , fighting the tears that were threatening .

`` but uncle dharr does n't reveal his feelings , '' bajan argued .

victoria could see that the boy was trying valiantly to hold back his tears but she would n't let him .

`` oh yes he does , '' she said .

`` you just need to know how to read him , '' she said .

victoria did n't tell him that she herself did n't know how to read their uncle .

it was enough that the boy climbed immediately into bed with them and started crying .

the two children cried for over an hour , neither wanting to talk , just to be held and let go of the pain they had been living with for almost seven months .

eventually , they fell asleep , bajan 's hand holding onto his sister 's arm but his other wrapped around victoria 's waist .

arina 's hand was holding onto victoria 's hand and both of hers were around each child .

that was how dharr found them .

he had been told by ms. mattingly that the children had disappeared and the whole palace was searching for them .

some instinct had told dharr to look for victoria and he 'd find the children , but he had n't thought to look in her bed .

now , seeing the three of them , sound asleep , his heart ached and he let out a sigh of relief .

the children were safe and victoria was still here .

dharr did n't analyze why it was so important that victoria was still within in the palace walls .

he just left her suite , closing the door softly behind him .

the summons came that afternoon .

she 'd been spending time with the children , not letting ms. mattingly have them but simply playing with them in the play room and encouraging them to talk about their memories of their parents .

victoria looked at the note written in dharr 's strong handwriting .

it was simple and to the point .

he asked her to meet him in his office at her earliest convenience .

the odd thing was that he actually asked her to meet him .

it was n't an order .

victoria did n't like the nice tone .

it was too patient .

that just was n't like the dharr she had come to know she thought , holding the note in her hand while arina carried a baby doll over to her .

what was he playing at ?

she decided to go immediately .

she did n't think she could stand the curiosity so she found a servant to watch over the children , then she left the school room and headed towards dharr 's offices .

as soon as she arrived , she was waved into his office which was odd in itself .

was n't he in meetings or needing to finish up whatever he was working on ?

she was used to waiting for him , at least for a few minutes .

this immediacy was odd .

she entered and looked around , impressed despite herself .

the office was furnished in dark , heavy furniture but because of the enormous size of the room , it did n't look cluttered .

the whole room was two stories high with floor to ceiling windows on each end looking out onto a courtyard .

his desk was the largest piece and was made of dark , polished wood .

it sat in front of a long wall of shelves filled top to bottom in books .

the remaining wall had the doors to the outer offices as well as other doors that were mysteriously closed .

there were also large paintings of battles or portraits that were so perfectly rendered they had to be priceless .

standing in the middle of all of this grandeur was dharr himself , looking more like a king than she 'd ever thought him to be .

it was scary to think that she 'd dated the man for more than six weeks , had kissed him and touched him , fell in love with him and learned so much from him but during that whole time , she 'd never known he was ruler to ashir .

now , looking at him in this amazing room , there could be no doubt about his role in the world .

he was a ruler , born and bred .

it showed with every mannerism and posture .

how could she have missed all these things so many years ago ?