that meant that their bodies were close and he looked down into her green eyes , holding her hand to stop her momentum .

`` there is a function tomorrow night .

i was hoping you would be able to accompany me . ''

`` why ? ''

she asked , her hand shaking within his .

she could n't help it .

dharr being arrogant and domineering was hard to resist .

but dharr being nice and charming was devastating to her senses .

`` why do you need me there ? ''

`` you are my guest and i was thinking it would give you a chance to meet some new people , enjoy the night and relax a little . ''

he took her hand more firmly within his and tucked it into his arm as he escorted her to the door .

`` but if you do n't think it would be a good idea , then i will find another woman to accompany me , '' he said .

victoria 's eyes snapped up to look at his , trying to determine if he was serious .

when she just saw his blank , patient expression , she knew that he was n't bluffing .

her heart went into overdrive .

the jealousy tearing at her was instantaneous and blinding .

`` you are seeing someone ? ''

she asked , hoping he could n't hear the anger in her voice .

she wanted to pull her hand free and find the woman , do her physical harm .

it was shocking to know that she hated someone she had n't even met , did n't know even existed until this moment .

her feelings were ridiculous since she had no claim to dharr .

nor did she want one , she told herself .

but there was no denying the jealousy tearing her up .

dharr noted the anger in her eyes and instantly recognized it as jealousy , just as he 'd suspected and hoped .

`` i 'm not seeing anyone at the moment , '' he reassured her .

`` but i need a companion for the night and was hoping you could help me in this instance . ''

`` fine , '' victoria snapped , angry now that she felt such overwhelming relief .

`` yes , '' she replied more graciously for fear that he would think she was doing this grudgingly and go find another companion .

she just could n't deal with the idea of another woman on dharr 's arm .

`` i 'll be happy to help you out tomorrow night , '' she said quickly , adding a smile .

`` what time ?

is it formal ? ''

`` it is formal but i 'll have something appropriate for you to wear sent over .

there may be other events later in the week that perhaps you might help me with as well ? ''

he questioned .

`` but if they become a burden , just let me know and i will find someone else to accompany me for those events . ''

victoria gritted her teeth and shook her head .

`` no need .

the children go to sleep early and i can accompany you .

after all , i do n't have much to do in the evenings , do i ? ''

she felt good that she could turn down his offer of a dress .

even though she now knew he was a king with probably oodles of money , she did n't want to be indebted to him .

`` as for a dress , no need to have one delivered .

i think i have something appropriate . ''

she waited for him to contradict her on that subject .

in the past , he had been adamant that she accept gifts from him , even an allowance .

but even then , just as now , she wanted to stand on her own and not accept his money , even in the form of an appropriate dress for a formal event .

dharr bowed slightly and smiled .

`` i appreciate your help . ''

victoria smiled back but did n't bow .

she accepted his bow and left his office , an odd feeling in her stomach .

she refused to identify the feeling as excitement .

it was just nausea she told herself .

she held herself proudly until she got out into the hallway , then leaned against the wall , closing her eyes and shaking her head .

`` what have i gotten myself into ? ''

she questioned out loud .

hearing a noise at the other end of the hall , her eyes snapped open and she saw several people heading towards dharr 's office .

scrambling to pull herself together , she hurried back to her suite .

making a quick phone call , she left a message for scott , telling him he needed to send some dresses to her as soon as possible and the way to get them here .

she told him to send them via overnight mail and she 'd have them pressed once they arrived .

she was sure that there was a dry cleaning facility somewhere around here that would press the dresses quickly .

she just hoped scott got the message in time .

the next thirty six hours were the most stressful of victoria 's life .

she received a package the following morning and sure enough , scott had sent her five different dresses .

she recognized all of them since she 'd modeled them for him in the past .

it meant they would all fit her perfectly since he 'd created them for her .

they were n't really wrinkled either but one of the servants promised that they would be pressed and back in her closet for the evening event .