that night , she chose a mint green creation that was n't too revealing but hugged her upper body with soft folds , creating a v down the front and back , then flaring out into a graceful cascade of mint green chiffon to the floor .

it was very romantic looking and was one of her favorites .

she remembered how scott had had her hair done for the photo shoot and tried to recreate it , but in the end , she just left the soft curls hanging down her back and only lifting the sides with small , green clips .

scott had hired a hairdresser for all the photo shoots and , although the hairstyle had looked easy enough to recreate , it obviously was n't .

she was glad she 'd gone to all the trouble when dharr arrived to escort her to the party .

his eyes flared as he took in her figure clad in the soft dress .

he did n't say anything , but she knew that he liked the dress .

why it was so important for her , she was n't going to even think about .

he tucked her hand into his arm and walked her down the hallway , explaining that there were several ambassadors and their wives here for the evening .

he was entertaining them in order to work their treaties for better terms for ashir and some of the negotiations had turned slightly sticky .

the evening turned out to be wonderful .

she did n't sense any tension from the other guests in the room .

there were about fifty people , all fabulously dressed and loaded with jewels .

some of the older ladies were even wearing white gloves to their elbows which was a sweet throwback to the nineteen fifties .

she 'd have to mention the thought to scott as an accessory to one of his newer creations .

what was more , dharr did n't let her out of his sight .

he kept her close , included her in all of the conversations and asked her opinion on several issues .

it was completely different from five years ago .

she had never been introduced to anyone important at that time and dharr had tried to mould her into the kind of woman he wanted her to be .

it seemed he respected her now , and liked what she had to say .

at the end of the night , victoria started to become nervous .

dharr 's hands were touching her back and , although she tried , she could n't contain a shiver of excitement over his touch .

she did n't want to be excited .

she wanted to be immune to his touch , his charm .

once the last guest had departed , victoria tried to slip her arm out from his .

she was a bundle of nerves and she wanted nothing better than to slip into his arms and feel his lips on hers .

`` i have to go , '' she said instead .

`` i 'll walk you to your room . ''

`` no ! ''

she said , stopping him and putting a hand to his chest .

she immediately whipped it away , then took a step backwards .

`` no , thank you , '' she finally got out , biting her lower lip .

`` i 'll be fine . ''

`` but i insist , '' he countered .

`` dharr , i can find my way to my room , '' she said and started walking down the hallway .

he fell into step beside her and walked with her anyway .

at her door , he turned her around but did n't kiss her .

instead , he picked up her hand and bowed low .

`` thank you for your assistance tonight , '' he said .

`` can i count on you again tomorrow night ? ''

he asked .

victoria thought about how she 'd felt next to him all night .

she 'd been supremely conscious of him as a man and of all the women looking at him .

there were the looks of envy as well as those of approval .

she 'd ignored all the jealousy , tossing it aside .

`` dharr , why do you need me ? ''

she asked .

`` you can work the room quite well on your own . ''

he took a step closer , trapping her hand between their bodies .

his eyes showed her the passion that had been tamped down for her benefit .

but now , he did n't hide anything .

it was all there , letting her know that nothing had changed between them .

the chemistry was still intense and ready to be acknowledged .

`` because i want you by my side .

because i think you are incredibly beautiful with intelligence and wit .

and because if you wo n't accompany me , i 'll have to find a replacement and that will make you jealous and , although there are many feelings i want to engender within you , that is not one of them . ''

he kissed her hand and then stepped backwards .

`` i 'll see you tomorrow night .

again , thank you for a lovely evening . ''

victoria slipped into her room and almost fell onto her bed before her legs gave out on her .

what was it about the man that made him completely irresistible to her ?

why could n't she just think of him as any other man she 'd met ?

victoria was in a quandary .

being around him meant feeling things she knew were bad for her in both the short term and long term .

but if she did n't accompany him to these functions , he would find someone else .