and that thought just tore her up inside .

either way , she was doomed .

she would just have to be strong , she told herself .

the children had been fighting their emotions for so long , perhaps she could take a lesson from them ?

she could hide her feelings for dharr and the way his touch made her feel .

yes , that would work , she told herself .

chapter 8 the next day , victoria arrived in the school room , dreading the next passive aggressive confrontation with the sour governess .

but instead , she found arina and bajan playing in the school room .

and laughing !

they were actually laughing .

it was music to victoria 's ears .

the servant , named gita , was down on the floor , doing a puppet show with them .

victoria had no idea what they were saying since they were currently speaking in arabic , but she suspected it was just a silly play .

victoria found out that the severe ms. mattingly was dismissed the previous day .

victoria was grateful to dharr for really listening to her .

the evidence was in the fact that the children were currently laughing and enjoying themselves instead of sitting straight and learning something that was developmentally beyond their abilities to comprehend .

unfortunately , that meant that victoria would have to go see dharr yet again and thank him .

she did n't want to but she could n't think of an alternative .

she considered sending a note , but that seemed too impersonal for what he 'd done for the children .

sighing , she knew she 'd have to seek him out and thank him .

bracing herself for being near him again , she started the long walk through the palace to his offices .

she gave herself a pep talk , trying to convince herself that she could be nice , polite , direct and grateful and not lose herself in the man 's charm and charisma .

she would maintain a distance of several feet , knowing that even a small touch from him without a crowd around her would make her body respond in ways that she knew were better left unexplored .

who was she kidding , she thought when she entered the outer offices and asked if he was available for a moment .

victoria grimaced inwardly , remembering how her body had reacted to his touch last night even when they were surrounded by fifty other people .

and she was excited about being with him tonight .

she wanted him to keep her near , to feel his touch on her back and smile down into her face as he listened to her opinion .

`` his highness will see you immediately , '' dharr 's assistant replied as soon as he 'd announced that victoria was here to see him .

dharr watched as victoria walked into his office .

as soon as she was inside and the door closed behind her , he could see the wariness in her eyes .

and it made him feel good .

he did n't like her being wary of him , but he knew that it was because of what he could make her feel .

slow , he told himself .

he needed to take it slow .

she was like a tiny hummingbird sipping the nectar but ready to take flight at the slightest sense of danger .

and instinctively , she considered dharr dangerous .

she was right .

he meant to have her .

one way or another , he would have her in his bed and would find out what he had missed out on all those years ago .

a small spark of anger fired inside his chest when he remembered that he would n't be the one to initiate her into the world of love making as he 'd wanted to so many years ago , but he would enjoy her body none the less .

perhaps it was better this way , he thought as she slowly approached his desk where he was standing , watching her .

he considered her more beautiful now than she had been initially .

there was something about her , a maturity , a confidence perhaps , that only enhanced her loveliness .

and back then , he was starting to feel something for her .

now , he would make sure it was only sex .

good sex , he told himself .

he smiled and knew it was a ferocious smile because he was thinking of all the ways he would enjoy her incredible , sexy body .

she was smart too .

he 'd made a good choice when he 'd gone after her to help his niece and nephew .

there had been many other people who would have done an adequate job .

but he 'd wanted her .

after seeing victoria with the children , he knew that her methods were much better than the governess 's strict controls .

`` good morning , dharr , '' she said , stopping on the opposite side of his desk `` good morning , victoria .

to what do i owe this unexpected visit ? ''

he asked , noticing that she kept her hands behind her back .

he suspected that it was because they were shaking but he did n't mind .

the action only served him more since it thrust her breasts outward , giving him a delightful view of their round firmness .

`` i just heard that you released ms. mattingly from her contract .

is it true ? ''

`` yes .

you said she was part of the problem .

so she is no longer employed by me . ''

victoria nodded , feeling wonderful that he accepted her advice so willingly and completely .