`` i 'm grateful .

and so are the children .

they were watching a puppet show put on by gita , one of the palace servants , when i left them .

they were laughing , '' she smiled , excited to tell him the news .

`` they were actually smiling and laughing , dharr ! ''

she said , clasping her hands in front of her and almost jumping in her exciting news .

dharr grinned , more entranced by her than by the news that his niece and nephew were progressing .

he 'd known that would happen eventually .

children were resilient .

he considered correcting her use of his first name but then rejected the thought .

he 'd allowed her to call him that since their first meeting although no one else but his immediate family had that privilege .

he wondered if she knew how few people were allowed to address him that way .

he did n't think she did .

nor would she care if he told her .

`` that 's good news , '' he said .

`` i 'm sure they are well on their way to a full recovery .

thanks to you . ''

victoria flushed with pleasure at his praise and looked down at the desk , unable to hold his intense gaze .

`` well , i guess i 'd better get back to the children , '' she said haltingly .

`` do you still need help tonight ? ''

she asked , her eyes seeking his out , hoping that he did need her again .

she hated to admit it , but she was looking forward to seeing him tonight and feeling his arm around her back and waist .

`` yes , if you are still able to accompany me , i would be grateful for the assistance , '' he replied .

`` absolutely . ''

she looked up , then down again , biting her lip in indecision .

`` well , then , i guess i 'll head back , '' she said , feeling silly standing there looking at dharr .

he just looked so incredibly handsome in his charcoal suit .

the jacket was tossed over a chair beside his desk but his crisp , white shirt stretched across his broad shoulders .

her eyes dropped to his arms which were crossed over his chest , the cuffs of his sleeves folded back so she had a glimpse of his muscular forearms .

`` was there something else ? ''

dharr asked softly .

he could see her eyes and knew that she was looking at him .

but would she dare to admit it ?

he leaned forward , his eyes giving her permission to look all she wanted .

but in the end , she simply shook her head .

`` no .

that 's all .

i 'll see you tonight , '' she said quickly then turned on her heel and walked out of his office .

dharr enjoyed the view of her long legs and firm derriere encased in the slim fitting jeans .

when the door closed behind her , he finally looked away , smiling inwardly .

she wanted him and that was obvious .

but how did he get her to act on those feelings ?

dharr turned and stared out the window , considering all he had learned that morning .

he wanted her , that was a given .

but although she was making progress with the children , he was n't making any progress with her .

he had brought her here with the dual purpose of helping the children but also exorcising her ghost .

and he 'd made no progress to date .

it was time to change that .

he smiled mercilessly .

she 'd said a few days ago that the children needed him to be around more often .

well , if that 's the case , he would do it .

and if victoria just happened to be there as well , then he would make the best of that situation .

he 'd listened to her advice so far and the children were recovering with leaps and bounds .

he 'd just continue to listen , and act , on her advice .

victoria wore a simple , black cocktail dress that night .

she 'd pulled her hair back into a knot , tightly pinned at the base of her head .

she smiled brightly to him when he arrived at her door .

`` what 's the occasion tonight ? ''

she asked , falling into step with him as he led her through the hallways of the palace .

`` tonight is more relaxed , '' he explained .

`` it is only a few ceos and their wives who are old acquaintances .

i think you 'll like them . ''

`` old acquaintances ? ''

she asked , hoping he would elaborate a little more .

`` college friends , '' he said .

`` there 's lord alfred manning and his wife sarah and prince jeffrey asam and his wife jasim .

i went to school with alfred and jeffrey . ''

`` ah , '' she said , understanding but her nervousness increased slightly .

this was n't an affair that he would need a companion , was it ?

and if it was n't , what did that mean about her presence tonight ?

could he just want her to be with him ?

a delicious feeling swelled inside her .

and true to his word , the evening was definitely fun and relaxing .

they ate out on a beautifully decorated veranda .

jeffrey and alfred were handsome and charming men who were obviously in love with their wives .

victoria noticed that the men did n't like their wives to stray too far , and their wives were n't immune to their husbands either .