the meal was delicious as usual and the laughter put victoria more at ease than she 'd been since dharr 's arrival at the school .

she loved hearing stories about dharr and the trouble the three men got into while at oxford .

and if dharr treated her exactly like his friends treated their wives , she just accepted it , feeling included and accepted .

chapter 9 the next night , three startled eyes looked up from their picnic , worriedly watching dharr as he approached their blanket .

`` good evening , '' he said , looking down on the little party .

`` what are you eating tonight ? ''

dharr asked , bending down to take the only available space on the blanket .

victoria tried to move out of his way , but his hands stopped her , keeping her right where she was , which was almost touching him along his leg .

arina spoke up , seriously telling him about hot dogs and potato salad .

it was their first experience tasting the american delicacy and they were excited about the prospect .

`` hmm ... i had that once , ' he said , looking into victoria 's eyes , his own on fire with the memory .

he dipped a fork into the bowl and nodded his head .

`` yep , no celery , '' he confirmed .

`` how did you ... '' victoria started , only to stop when he winked at her .

`` i remember , victoria , '' he said softly , grinning at her in a teasing fashion .

`` i remember a lot of things . ''

victoria stopped staring at him , forcing her eyes to look away .

throughout the whole meal , dharr 's hand `` accidentally '' touched victoria in one way or another .

and each time , she felt the same electric current zip through her system .

by the time the meal was over , she was breathing heavily and she could barely control the need to throw herself into dharr 's arms and beg him to make love to her .

she wanted him .

desperately .

no matter how much she told herself that he was a bastard who had killed all the soft , tender feelings she 'd had for him five years ago , there was still the sexual chemistry between them .

it had always been intense , at least on her part .

she 'd known he could control his feelings for her but she 'd been too new at the sexual games to understand what was happening to her .

and now , even after all these years and all the frank , open talk from others , she still was new to the game .

and he was an expert .

no matter how much she tried to put herself out of his touching reach that afternoon , he found a way to brush her arm or knee .

he never looked at her , but each time it happened , her eyes snapped to his face , trying to determine if it was intentional or not .

it seemed innocent enough , but she suspected otherwise .

victoria almost yelled out a protest when one of the palace servants arrived to get the children ready for bed .

she did n't want to be alone with dharr .

it was n't just the chemistry now .

being around him with the children , her heart had melted , seeing his tender care and understanding to the two small human beings that were aching inside for love and security and he just naturally gave it to them .

the depths of his personality struck her hard and she wished she had n't seen this side of him .

it only made the wanting harder .

when they were alone , victoria reached down to start cleaning up the picnic .

`` leave it , '' dharr ordered .

victoria ignored his command and continued to clean up the food , storing it in the picnic basket .

dharr grabbed her arm and swung her around .

`` are you deliberately trying to rile my temper ? ''

he asked , but she could see the amusement in his eyes as he held her wrists gently in his hands .

`` no .

but i do n't believe in forcing someone to clean up after me .

i can clean my own messes , '' she said and tried to pull her wrists out of his grip .

but it was useless .

`` you really do n't remember anything i taught you all those years ago , do you ? ''

`` what ? ''

she challenged , wishing she could control her heartbeat which was accelerating as he pulled her closer .

`` that i should ignore common decency and become a selfish bastard like you ? ''

dharr did n't rise to the bait but only chuckled at her anger .

`` first of all , i 'm afraid i 'll have to take away that one epithet from you , my dear .

i can give ample evidence of my legitimacy .

do n't despair though .

i 'm sure there are many other obscenities you can toss at me each time you reach the depths of frustration . ''

he chuckled as her eyes flared at him .

he could see the wheels spinning in her mind as she tried to come up with another name to fling at him .

`` second , there were many things i taught you .

if you 're saying you 've forgotten , then perhaps i could refresh your memory , '' he said .

`` no ! ''

she tried to step away from him but he held her firmly but gently , not giving her and inch of space .