he looked down into her desire filled eyes , knowing that the sexual frustration was tearing her up inside just as it was doing to him .

`` ah , victoria , you 're mouth says no , but your body is saying yes , is n't it ? ''

`` no , '' she claimed and tried again to pull out of his embrace .

`` which is louder ? ''

he asked , pulling her relentlessly closer to him , so close that she could feel his breath on her cheek , feel the beating of his heart under her hands as she tried to push herself away from him .

but it was no use .

he was stronger and , although he was n't hurting her , she could n't break away .

and her body was already betraying her , sinking in to lean against his hard , male strength , loving the way he felt against her softness and desire pooling in her stomach , then lower .

`` please do n't do this , '' she gasped when his hand released her wrist and moved down to her waist , one hand slipping under her shirt to touch the heated , overly sensitized skin underneath .

`` why not ? ''

he asked , his mouth bending to kiss her neck , finding the perfect spot that almost made her knees give out on her .

`` because we do n't like each other , '' she said , her voice barely a whisper as he moved his mouth sensuously against her neck and shoulders .

`` i like you a lot , victoria . ''

`` no you do n't .

you think ... . '' she could n't finish the sentence and her eyes fluttered shut at the memory .

`` i 'm not thinking now , '' he said softly .

`` except about how to please you .

how to touch you to give you the most pleasure .

what would you like me to do ?

where should i touch you ? ''

victoria could n't respond verbally but when his thumb found her nipple and moved gently across , she gasped , her hands gripping his shoulders as she was unable to stand any longer .

she heard him laugh softly but could n't respond .

dharr did n't wait .

he lifted her in his arms and carried her down the hallway to her suite .

victoria had a small moment of sanity but by that time , he was already lowering her feet to the floor beside her bed and when she opened her mouth to protest , his own covered hers , ripping away anything she might have said in a maelstrom of feeling and desire .

victoria whimpered as her shirt came over her head , leaving her with only her bra to cover her breasts .

but she did n't have time to become self-conscious as dharr 's hands covered where the fabric had been only moments before , massaging the heated , overly sensitive flesh that was swelling to fit into his hands .

her nipples were already hard and pointing so when his hand covered them , his thumb flicking over each one , she cried out with the pleasure that coursed through her system .

`` dharr ! ''

she gasped .

he lowered her body to the bed , but stood up to discard his own shirt .

victoria was thrilled , never having seen him without his shirt on before .

she 'd seen other men , of course .

scott on a daily basis at times .

but no man she 'd ever seen could compare to the muscular beauty of dharr 's chest .

the hair was sparing across the top , then headed to a narrow point that disappeared into his pants .

with infinite tenderness , dharr reached down and pulled her jeans off her legs , his eyes lighting with fire when he saw her long , slender legs revealed to him .

she laid there in just her cotton bra and underwear , wishing she had something sexy on instead .

but dharr came down on top of her , his mouth moving to hers again and all her insecurities disappeared with the touch of his tongue against hers .

victoria 's hands reached out , curious and free at last to touch the man who had so fascinated her that she 'd never been interested in anyone else .

the muscles bunched under her fingers wherever she touched and she ran her fingers along his arms , his chest , into his hair and then back down to test the crisp hair on his chest , her fingers tangling in it and then moving lower , following the interesting line that disappeared .

she heard dharr suck in his breath when she stopped at his belt .

he suddenly stood up and ripped his belt loose , his pants flying behind him before he came back to the bed , completely naked .

without a word , he pulled her hand down to where it had stopped before .

`` please continue , '' he said and his voice was hoarse .

victoria was only too pleased to comply and her hand moved along his flat stomach , impressed with the ridges of muscles along the way .

but her hand stopped suddenly .

she could n't go any lower .

her eyes could n't even look to where his erection stood , hard and proud , waiting for her touch .

she glanced up at him , worried that she 'd been too brazen .

but his eyes were closed , his teeth clenched in anticipation .

`` do n't stop , victoria , '' he rasped .

`` do n't tease me like this . ''

with those words , her hand moved lower , her fingers touching the tip tentatively , worried that she might hurt him .