when she touched him , he let out a hiss of air and victoria pulled her hand back instantly .

only to have his own hand reach out and pull hers back , wrapping her fingers around him firmly .

when her fingers moved , dharr groaned and leaned forward , taking her nipple into his mouth yet again , sucking hard , moving the plain , white cotton away and teasing her nipple more .

with each nip or suckle , victoria 's fingers clenched harder or relaxed , depending on what he was doing to her .

she forgot what she was doing , lost in the desire he was pushing her into .

she did n't realize that her fingers were driving him to distraction and he was losing his much prized control , the control that had been drilled into him from the moment he 'd had his first woman at the age of twelve .

here , with victoria 's clumsy hands touching him , clenching at his flesh , he was no longer the experienced lover he 'd prided himself on being .

he felt new and raw , overwhelmed with the desire to sink his aching flesh into her and pound until he found his release .

pulling her hand away , he grabbed both of her hands and lifted them over her head , determined to make her pay for wanting her so desperately .

she thought she was in control !

well he would turn the tables .

no , he would control this experience and would show her that he was the ultimate lover .

he would make her forget all the other men she 'd had in the past and he 'd teach her what she 'd thrown away so callously .

with her hands in one of his , he flicked the front clasp of her bra , releasing her perfect , beautiful breasts from the plain cotton .

his indrawn breath showed him that she was still in control and he hated that feeling .

lowering his head , he took her nipple in his mouth , moving his lips gently over the rosy peak , then sucking again , blowing his breath against her puckered skin , then starting over .

when she started writhing beneath him , he moved to the other perfect mound , doing the same , smiling when she cried out and tried to pull her hands from his grasp .

but he would n't relent .

not yet .

he moved down her body , kissing her stomach , his tongue delving into her belly button and glorying in the cries that came from the simple movement .

but he wanted more .

his hand moved between her thighs , first on the outside , then moving up the inside and he thrilled that she opened to him .

he could smell her arousal and it made him hurt even more .

but he was n't finished .

not yet .

one hand moved to her core , flicking her nubbin and watching the flush steal across her breasts .

he remembered how quickly she had found release the last time and almost gave in with the need to enter her , but he held back , wanting to show her again how good it could be .

his finger slipped inside her wet folds and he had to close his eyes to concentrate once he felt how wet she was , how ready for him .

`` what do you want , victoria , '' he asked and his voice was rough , demanding .

`` tell me .

does this feel good ? ''

he asked .

`` yes , '' she gasped .

`` please , '' she whimpered , still pulling at her hands that were in his grasp but settled on her stomach now .

`` not yet , '' he said .

dharr needed more .

he did n't just want to feel , he wanted to watch , to taste it when she had her first orgasm tonight .

it had happened too fast the last time .

this time , he 'd take her slowly into the pleasure .

his tongue flicked over her folds and his hands released her wrists .

he moved between her legs , loving the feeling of her hands in his hair , pulling and pushing at the same time .

and just like the last time , her orgasm was upon her before he could slow it down .

dharr watched , more aroused than he 'd ever been in his life as he watched and tasted her orgasm .

when her cries died down , he moved up her body , kissing her stomach , moving upwards to caress her breasts with his hands , his thumbs , his mouth and tongue .

there was no peace for her , he thought , winding her up for the next level .

and when her eyes opened in surprise , he laughed .

`` yes , victoria .

we 've only just begun , '' he said , pulling on a condom , and held her hands over her head again as his body slid up against hers , his erection finding her softness and pressing inside .

he looked at her eyes , widening in shock and then in pleasure as he slid in deeper , filling her up .

there was a small restriction and dharr looked down at her , his throat constricting as he understood what it was .

but by then it was too late .

he broke through her barrier , noting the small twinge in her eyes and stiffening of her body before she relaxed again .

her legs moved up and wrapped around his waist and her hands pulled free of his , resting on his shoulders as he buried himself to the hilt .