victoria was a virgin ?

it was madness surely .

impossible !

but the evidence was incontrovertible .

and now he was fully inside her , the only man to ever be in this position with this incredible beauty .

the responsibility he felt at that moment was awesome .

it had to be perfect .

dharr started moving , slowly , sweat breaking out on his forehead as he moved , requiring only to give her the most incredible experience of her life .

he ignored his body 's own need for release and simply moved to help her .

just as it had moments ago , her body responded , and within moments , her second orgasm was consuming her .

he felt her muscles tighten a moment before she screamed out , her nails biting into his skin on the shoulders and back .

he held back for only another moment , his pleasure increasing as he watched her mouth open and her body arch as the orgasm carried her off .

and then he could hold back no more .

he pounded into her silken flesh , finding his release a few minutes later .

it was as if all the tension of his life drained out as his body poured itself into hers .

it was the longest orgasm he 'd ever experienced and he held victoria close .

when it was all over , he rolled onto his back , taking her with him , still intimately connected .

his hands dove into her hair and he stared up at the ceiling , his breathing still ragged as he considered all the ramifications of the past few minutes .

`` dharr ? ''

victoria asked , her head resting against his chest and her hand laying against his rapidly beating heart .

`` is it always ... . '' she could n't find the words to describe what had just happened .

`` no , '' he replied harshly .

just thinking about her response had him growing hard again .

her head came up and he rolled back over .

`` no .

it is n't like this normally , '' he grated out .

a moment later , the whirlwind started again .

this time , it was more intense , and victoria pushed her head back and forth against the sheets , the pleasure almost reaching the painful stage before she tumbled over the edge , once again crying out and holding onto dharr as the waves of her orgasm crashed over the two of them .

victoria slept , unable to do anything else since her body was so replete .

dharr 's love making was so thorough and complete , she had nothing left in her afterwards .

dharr watched her , noting the dark circles under her eyes and the perfect rose tinge to her cheeks .

she curled up against him , laying her head on his shoulder while her hands wrapped around his arm .

it was as if she felt in sleep what he was currently feeling wide awake .

he did n't want to lose her .

with complete honesty , he knew that this was the reason he 'd come to her for help with his niece and nephew .

there were probably hundreds of childhood experts he could have employed but he 'd gone back to her .

he 'd never gotten her out of his mind after all these years .

and he 'd wanted to finish what he 'd started with her , even if it meant he would n't be her first .

after five years , he had acknowledged that he had n't cared .

but now , seeing the evidence of her virginity on the sheets , he 'd obviously made a huge mistake five years ago .

she 'd been pure and honest with him and he 'd tried to destroy her .

he remembered the confused and hurt look in her face when he 'd stood up , callously straightening his tie as if he was completely impartial to what had just happened .

walking out of her bedroom that morning had been one of the hardest things he 'd ever had to do in his life .

and now , seeing her beautiful face relaxed in sleep , a sleep caused by her first experience with sex , he regretted it even more .

dharr waited until he was sure she was asleep before slipping out of the bed .

he left her sleeping , unable to endure the incredible pleasure of her sweet , warm body curled up next to his .

he wanted desperately to kiss her awake , to make love to her once again .

but he knew he needed to think , to come up with a plan to make it up to her for what he 'd done to her before .

he also needed to put into motion what he 'd started before .

he would never let her go again , he promised .

he 'd show her all that he could offer her and somehow , he vowed , he 'd find a way to keep her in his life forever .

chapter 10 victoria woke the following morning to bright sunlight streaming over her face .

she stretched languorously , feeling happy and content .

delirious , in fact , she thought as she rolled onto her back and stared up at the ceiling .

then the memories of the night before came streaming back to her and victoria 's face started burning .

looking around , she searched for dharr , wondering what he was thinking about her behavior from the night before .

would he think she was wanton ?

he must , she thought .

since she had been , there was really nothing else the man could think of her .