she was embarrassed but knew she 'd have to get the first morning contact with him over quickly .

but all she found was a long , slim jewelry case where he should have been .

with shaking fingers , victoria pulled the case closer to her , feeling a cold chill steal into her veins .

what could this mean ?

why in the world would he leave in the middle of the night ?

even the case was a work of art , she thought , running her fingers over the soft , embossed leather .

opening the box , she gasped , seeing the spectacular glittering diamond bracelet inside .

`` how could he ! ''

she said to the empty room , slapping the box closed and tossing it to the side as if it were some sort of serpent .

the tears formed and immediately fell down her cheeks as his message came through .

well , she 'd been wondering what he thought of her and now she knew .

payment for services rendered , she thought , shaking her head in denial .

last night had been so incredible , so passionate and she 'd allowed it !

and he 'd left her , just as he would an alley prostitute , leaving payment on the bedside .

oh !

of all the arrogant , offensive evil things he could have done , this was the ultimate slap in the face .

at least the last time he 'd touched her he 'd had the dignity to insult her to her face .

he had n't even given her that much this time .

she was obviously unworthy of his time now .

oh , how she 'd lost herself in the moment last night and now , to find this awful message from him .

it was worse than the last time .

five years ago , he 'd said she was unworthy but she had n't understood his meaning .

now , he leaves this awful bracelet that was probably worth a fortune but the message was loud and clear .

she jumped out of the bed and showered as quickly as possible , wishing she could just leave and run away .

she needed to lick her wounds and hide for a long time .

she would just pack up and leave .

he 'd done it to her the last time .

why should n't she give him the same response ?

if he thought so little of her , then she could give him the same courtesy back .

what a fool she 'd been !

she 'd just fallen into his arms , letting him touch her and kiss her .

she felt filthy and as the hot water cascaded over her aching body , she scrubbed her arms and body , trying to rid herself of the memory of his touch .

she hated him !

she cried through the whole shower , scrubbing herself harder when the memory of how it felt when he 'd touched her would n't go away .

pulling out her suitcase , she started throwing things in , not even bothering to fold them .

jeans and tee shirts were piled up , underwear and socks came next and she just lifted them out of her drawer and stuffed them into the suitcase as fast as her arms would permit .

she did n't have to be subjected to that kind of humiliation again .

it was too much .

but then arina and bajan came to mind .

what would happen to all the progress she 'd made with them if yet another person disappeared on them ?

they would be devastated .

until she could transfer their feelings from her to dharr , then she just could n't leave them .

that realization was devastating to her .

she sat down on the bed , her shoulders shaking as the pain seeped into her body once again .

she even hated to admit that her feelings for dharr were n't hatred , but were love .

she loved him desperately .

and this time , it was a mature love .

she admired him for what he 'd done with his country and how he treated two , small , orphaned children .

she loved the way he made her laugh , even when she wanted to be angry with him .

but this time , she did n't have scott or jasmine to help her out .

she was on her own .

somehow , she 'd have to find the strength inside herself to keep him from crushing her again .

pulling on a pair of jeans and a regular white tee-shirt , she grabbed the hated box and left her suite .

she did n't even care that she did n't have makeup on .

she was too angry and too determined to show him that she did n't care what his opinion of her was .

she stopped the first servant she could find and asked about dharr 's whereabouts .

if she were n't so angry , she would be amused by the expressions on each palace servant 's face .

it was as if dharr 's location were a closely guarded secret and only the people who already had appointments were permitted to know where and when he would see them .

undeterred , victoria assumed that he would most likely be in his office at this time of the morning , although she was n't exactly sure what time it was since she 'd forgotten to put on her watch .

her tennis shoes were basically silent as she walked along the corridors to his office .

she stormed in and stood in front of his personal secretary .

this man was n't the usual one that sat outside , guarding dharr 's office from intruders .