she had no idea where the other man was and did n't care right at the moment .

she only had one mission in mind and anyone who stood in her way was going to regret it , she told herself .

`` i need to speak with dharr , '' she said , her voice quivering with her anger and humiliation at the hands of the same man twice in her lifetime .

the man simply stared at victoria , dumbfounded for a long moment .

`` his highness is unavailable at the moment but i 'll be happy to make an appointment with you at his earliest convenience .

`` no ! ''

she said and hated the fact that tears started to form in her eyes .

`` find him now and tell him i want to speak with him immediately . ''

`` i ca n't do that , madam , '' the man said stiffly .

`` it simply is n't done . ''

victoria wiped the tears from her eyes angrily and shook her head .

`` it is done today .

call him !

if you do n't , i 'll just walk right into his office , guards or no guards .

and then they 'll get in trouble for touching me , it will be a huge mess .

so why do n't you just tell him i 'm out here waiting and we can avoid an ugly confrontation . ''

something about the way she was holding herself or perhaps her words sunk in to the man and he responded .

he quickly picked up the phone and said something in arabic .

it sounded very apologetic but a moment later , he put the phone down and nodded his head .

`` his highness will see you now , '' the man said , standing up and bowing politely .

victoria already knew where his office was , having gone there every day to report her progress with the children .

so she walked quickly down the hallway and shoved open the doors .

she found him , standing behind his desk , arms crossed over his chest and two other men scurrying out of his office , closing the doors behind them .

`` this wo n't take long , '' she said and slapped the box into the middle of his enormous desk .

`` do n't you ever do that to me again ! ''

she said , and wiped another tear down her cheek .

`` i am not something you can ... . '' she struggled to get past the words ... . '' that you can just purchase , like some ... . '' she stopped , tried to gain her composure and failed .

she covered her face in her hands and sobbed , her shoulders shaking with her humiliation .

when she felt him touch her shoulders , she snapped back .

`` do n't touch me ! ''

she said and backed away .

`` i hate you for that , '' she said , pointing to the box on his desk .

`` i 'm not a wh ... . '' `` stop it ! ''

he snapped .

`` do n't ever say that again , '' he demanded .

`` do n't ! ''

she said and shook her head .

`` you ca n't speak to me like that !

i hate you ! ''

she whispered , wishing she could yell at him , punch him , hurt him the same way he 'd hurt her .

but he seemed impervious to anything she said .

`` just leave me alone , '' she said and ran down the hallway , leaving the doors open in her wake .

she did n't care that she left horrified palace staff members gaping at her .

she was probably the only person who had ever spoken to the king of ashir in that manner but she did n't care what they did to her .

if they shipped her off , then at least she 'd be rid of that horrible man and the future of the children would n't be on her shoulders .

thinking of arina and bajan , she hurried to find them , wanting to be with them and find some solace in their innocence and goodness .

she found them in the playroom , giggling and pretending with dolls and dinosaurs .

as soon as she entered , they both stood up , then smiled broadly when they realized it was her and not another servant .

`` good morning , victoria , '' arina exclaimed , running into victoria 's arms , hugging her tightly .

`` what are we going to do today ? ''

she asked excitedly .

bajan was more circumspect with his enthusiasm but he followed , his eyes showing victoria that he was just as excited about the day as his sister .

victoria considered her options .

she had to get outside , fearing that dharr would locate her if she stayed in the palace .

but why would he bother ?

did n't the bracelet say everything he needed to say ?

pushing back her depression , she bent down and sat cross legged on the floor , hugging bajan who leaned against her , still not able to hug someone himself , as if he considered it a weakness , but needing the physical contact regardless .

`` how about if we go out and you can both introduce me to your horses ?

did n't you mention that they 'd been neglected recently ? ''

both jumped up and were thrilled with the idea .

they took her hands and led her out of the play room .

they walked through so many hallways , victoria was completely lost by the time they entered the bright sunshine .