visiting the stables was the perfect idea , she thought as they both led her toward their favorite animals .

after being introduced to the horses , then feeding them , brushing them and basically learning more about the animals than victoria ever wanted to know , they discovered a small stall that had no horses in it , but something just as exciting .

a litter of kittens had been born about two weeks earlier and were playing in the hay .

victoria and the children huddled around them , enjoying the small creatures and petting their soft fur .

they spent the rest of the morning just playing with the kittens and finding food for them , not leaving until all six of them settled down and fell asleep on top of one another .

the three of them trotted happily back to the palace and victoria decided to take the children to the kitchens for lunch .

there was no need for a servant to bring them something when they could just as easily , and more happily , make something for themselves .

the chef was horrified that the prince and princess of ashir would enter his kitchens .

victoria was equally shocked to think of her two small charges in that way .

she 'd only thought of them as a small girl and boy , but she realized that they really were royalty since they were the children of dharr 's brother , who was also a prince .

it was the second time in her life she 'd treated someone as just another person , uncaring of their position within the world .

but this time , she was n't going to listen to some ridiculous chef spouting silliness about how it was beneath them to step into the kitchen , much less make their own meal .

being fed up with arrogance and pompous attitudes , victoria simply demanded peanut butter and jelly so they could make a sandwich .

when she took that attitude , the items were quickly delivered .

victoria , arina and bajan made such a mess out of a simple sandwich process , they giggled and made a bigger mess .

by the time the sandwiches were finished , each of them had jelly in their hair and peanut butter on their noses and cheeks , not to mention all over their fingers .

victoria cleaned up the mess , then they took their sandwiches to the portrait studio .

victoria decided to let the children talk about their ancestors and see how their parents fit into the whole history of ashir .

the children were extremely knowledgeable about their history and they sat down underneath their father 's picture to eat .

they were silent and stared up at him , munching their sandwiches and sipping milk .

victoria led them back to the playroom where a new teacher had arrived and was excited to meet her new charges .

initially , the children were afraid to be left alone with the teacher so victoria stayed with them , simply sitting in the back of the classroom .

but when the woman , named ms. kiri , asked them to come with them to the front of the room and sit down on some pillows to read stories , play with puppets , victoria soon found herself superfluous .

she was also impressed with the teacher and wanted to make herself scarce so the teacher would n't feel pressure by being observed .

she stepped out of the school room , only to bump into the one person she had been trying to avoid all day long .

without saying a word , dharr grabbed her wrist and walked into the school room .

his eyes snapped to the empty desks and turned to face her .

`` where are they ? ''

he demanded in a low , angry voice .

`` where are who ? ''

victoria asked , trying to yank her arm free but her efforts only caused her more pain .

`` the children !

what have you done with them ? ''

`` what are you accusing me of now ? ''

she asked , stopping her efforts and standing up to him , as much as she could with him towering over her .

`` the children are sitting up there with their new teacher , entranced by her story and having a wonderful time .

dharr 's surprise showed on his face and he yanked her forward .

when he saw the children , completely undisturbed by their argument , he pulled her along behind him .

once they were out in the hallway , he turned her so she was facing him .

`` where have you been all day ? ''

he demanded .

victoria was still hurt and furious about the night before and she was n't about to take this from him .

`` i 've been out shopping and spending all of ashir 's money .

i hope you do n't mind , '' she continued sarcastically .

then the anger rushed back and she could n't stop herself from asking , `` where do you think i 've been ? ''

he pulled her closer , turning her so she was fully facing him now .

`` do n't play , victoria .

you were supposed to have gone down to the stables but when i went there to find you , no one knew where you were .

you did n't bring the children for lunch in the dining room and were gone for over an hour since the last servant saw either hide nor hair of you .

so i 'll ask again , where in the hell have you been ? ''

victoria remembered how much she hated him .

`` i hate to disillusion you about how awful a person i am yet again , your highness , '' she said with a sneer , `` but your palace spies really are n't very good at their job .