i 'd recommend either a refresher course or a whole new entourage of spies if these ca n't do the job . ''

she was about to shut her mouth but the furious look in his eyes and the muscle twitching on his jaw told her she might have gone too far .

`` we went to the stables and played with the kittens .

you probably did n't see us because you 're nose is too high in the air or maybe because you 're mind is relentlessly in the gutter .

and then , '' she went on when she saw that he was going to say something , `` we went to the kitchen and made peanut butter and jelly sandwiches ourselves .

after that , we went to the portrait gallery and looked at the picture of your brother .

the kids were silent but would n't take their eyes off of him . ''

she ended with a lowered tone and the shock inside dharr loosened his hold so she was able to pull free easily .

`` what awful things were you thinking of this time ? ''

she asked , rubbing her wrists and glaring up at his surprised , black eyes .

he shoved his hands into his pockets , his shoulders losing some of his anger .

`` i thought you 'd left me . ''

dharr 's words snapped her eyes back to his but she could n't see what was going on inside his head .

did his comment mean he would have been disappointed if she 'd left ?

no !

she had gotten her hopes up that he might feel something sincere for her twice and both times , she 'd been burned , badly .

she would n't go down that path again .

it hurt too much when her hopes were dashed cruelly under his unfeeling manners .

`` i wo n't leave until the children transfer their trust to you , '' she said and walked away .

victoria headed back to her room and noticed that her clothes were all put away as was her suitcase .

her bed was made as well and all evidence of the previous night was gone .

victoria sat down on her bed and put her head in her hands .

dharr did n't trust her .

she hated him .

she had to avoid him at all costs and still get out of here with her heart and her pride intact .

but how was she going to do that ?

sighing , she knew the answer .

avoid him at all costs .

moving out of her suite , she wandered the halls , asking a servant to convey the message that she would be absent for dinner tonight .

the servant asked if a meal should be brought to her suite but she shook her head , smiling and thanking her but moving off in a direction of the palace she 'd never seen before .

an hour later , victoria found a wonderful area .

it was a music room .

or more appropriately , a dance room .

there was a seventies style dance floor complete with lights under a clear plexiglas floor , a disco ball and a huge variety of songs .

she fiddled with the stereo system and was impressed when the sound came from several different speakers .

the lights came on with another flick of some buttons and suddenly , victoria was standing in the middle of a dance floor with soft jazz coming through speakers from all different sides of the room .

stepping into the middle , she closed her eyes and swayed to the beat , letting all her tension from the previous night and all the hurt from this morning melt away .

each time a thought of dharr came into her mind , she pushed it away and forced her mind to think about something else .

but the very effort to push his thoughts away kept them coming .

eventually , she knew she could no longer ignore the way he 'd made her feel last night .

if only the morning had n't come so soon .

if only she could have slept in his arms and woken up to feel his body under her head , to hear his heartbeat in her ear .

she knew that was the way she 'd fallen asleep .

what had gone wrong ?

she shuddered at the memory of his kiss , of his touch .

despite her anger , her body wanted to feel him again , right now .

she swung around and continued dancing , hoping she could hide in this room forever .

or at least until late at night when she could sneak back to her room .

she did n't dare go back to her own room .

dharr was furious enough with her to seek her out .

and what insults would he throw her way this time ?

she did n't want to find out .

she needed to protect her heart and her pride .

and she needed to find a way to fall out of love with the man .

she was swaying and singing , feeling the beat through her bones as the bass thumped out the beat .

her eyes were closed but she could see the lights from the ceiling through her eyelids and she just gloried in the feel of the music and being alone .

suddenly , she felt strong arms encircle her waist .

she tensed instantly , even though she knew it was n't a stranger .

it was dharr .

she 'd know his scent anywhere .

his arms were tender as they reached around , his head bending down to kiss her neck , her ear .

victoria wanted to pull away but his mouth made her knees give out and she found herself leaning against him , her back touching his chest , her head falling back to lay against his hard shoulder , giving him greater access to her neck .