`` dharr , '' she whispered .

`` what are you doing in here ? ''

he asked , his voice husky as his hands slipped along her stomach , resting just under her breasts .

`` hiding from you . ''

she shivered when his hands moved slightly , her breasts already aching to feel his hands caress them .

she could feel them swelling , her nipples hardening in anticipation .

`` why are you hiding from me ? ''

he asked , his hand moving higher and he heard her sigh .

the sound filled his senses and cooled his riled temper .

he 'd been searching for her for over an hour .

when he 'd heard the music coming from this area of the palace , he felt the tension drain away , to be replaced by the sexual need he felt whenever he was close to her .

`` because i did n't want you to hurt me anymore , '' she said .

but her body could n't move away from his .

dharr heard the words and closed his eyes .

`` i 'm sorry .

i did n't realize i 'd hurt you so much last night .

it was never my intention . ''

victoria found the strength and swung around .

he would n't let her move away but at least she was facing him now .

`` you did n't hurt me last night , '' she said and felt the tears and anger well up inside .

`` you hurt me this morning . ''

dharr saw the pain and moved his hand up from her waist to her cheek , cradling her face with his .

`` i 'm sorry , '' he said a moment before his mouth touched hers .

he felt her shudder and knew that it was n't because of his kiss this time .

and he wrapped his arms around her , holding her close as he kissed her to ease her pain , trying to eliminate the hurt he 'd caused her by his confused reaction to their night together .

when he felt her resistance move away , he showed her in the only way he knew how that he was sorry .

he lifted her up and carried her back to his suite , ignoring the music and lights that were still on in the music room .

he did n't stop until he shouldered the door to his bedroom closed behind him .

then he let her legs slip down his body but would n't allow her to move away .

he stripped off her clothes right there , worshiping her body and kissing her everywhere .

his mouth moved to her breasts , capturing the peak in his mouth , pulling , nuzzling , sucking until she cried out , then he moved to the other , applying the same attention and hearing her surrender .

he could smell her arousal and it excited him as nothing else ever had .

reaching down , his hand covered her , moving inside , encouraging her to open for him .

his moth moved lower , kissing her stomach before he kneeled in front of her , his tongue moving to cover where his hand had been .

it was like ambrosia when he felt her tighten , then her first release was upon her and she melted down , shaking in his arms as he carried her to his bed .

she opened her eyes and saw that he was still dressed and her eyes widened in shock .

`` do n't , '' he said , thinking of the time five years ago when he 'd brought her to her first climax and then left her .

he quickly pulled off his clothes , then came down beside her .

`` i want you now , '' he said , and moved between her legs .

he was thrilled when she opened for him again , welcoming him with her legs , her arms and her body as his slid into hers .

dharr closed his eyes , the ecstasy of his entry almost too much for him to control .

she was so tight , so slick and hot he wanted to come inside her immediately .

but he held back , gaining control of his rampaging desires so he could help her find her release once more .

within moments , she was crying out , dharr felt her shivers start and that brought him over the edge as well .

he bent down and took her cries in his mouth , kissing her as they crashed together .

as their breathing came back to normal , dharr pulled her close , holding her against his shoulder as his hands tangled in her hair .

`` are you okay ? ''

he asked , wondering what she was thinking .

she 'd stilled a moment ago and he was worried about what she was thinking about .

`` yes , thank you . ''

she felt dharr 's chest rumble as he laughed at her response .

`` i 'm glad , '' he replied .

then he turned serious .

rolling her back , he looked down into her troubled green eyes .

`` i 'm sorry about this morning . ''

`` thank you . ''

dharr rolled his eyes at her polite response .

`` victoria , if you do n't stop being so polite , i 'm going to make love to you just to make sure you 're the woman i was holding in my arms a few minutes ago . ''

victoria blushed but looked away .

`` what would you like me to say ? ''

she asked .

she was terrified of what he was going to say or do next .

the past two sexual encounters with him had left her wounded .