but in one corner , in an area specially created for small beings to cook with low tables and smaller measuring cups , tiny refrigerators and safety blenders , sat his brother 's children as well as his two year old son .

the three of them were staring into a bowl surrounded by a table covered in flour and something he suspected was chocolate but he could never be sure .

then his eyes moved higher to watch his beautiful , hugely pregnant wife waddle out of the storeroom .

she was due to deliver their daughter any day now but still she somehow got her body down to the level of the small table .

`` here you go , '' she was saying .

victoria handed the milk to bajan since it was obviously his turn to put the ingredient into the bowl .

`` daddy ! ''

his son david said and got up out of his chair to throw himself into his father 's arms .

bajan was next and then arina who pushed her body between the more aggressive boys to reach dharr .

he hugged all of them , then let them lead him over to their cooking table .

`` what are you making today ? ''

he asked .

`` we 're learning about fractions , '' bajan said importantly .

`` ah , fractions , eh ? ''

he said and dipped his finger into the cookie dough .

it was pretty good .

`` i wish i could have learned about fractions like this , '' he said .

`` you 're deprived , '' victoria said , rolling her eyes .

`` no , i 'm in love , '' he replied and pulled her into his arms effortlessly , despite her extra pounds .

`` so am i , '' she replied , willingly moving into his arms and kissing him back .

chapter 1 `` no , jacob , you ca n't eat sam 's fruit .

it does n't count even if you are twins . ''

glancing at her watch , siri michaels realized they were again running behind on their morning schedule .

as she put the milk back in the refrigerator , she caught a suspicious movement out of the corner of her eye .

`` sam , you ca n't hide your fruit in your pockets .

you did that last week and forgot about them .

i found them when i was doing the laundry and it was disgusting . ''

she almost rolled her eyes when her twin three year old boys laughed delightedly at rotting fruit in their jeans pockets .

were all boys fascinated by anything disgusting ?

or were hers just abnormally enthralled ?

`` come on guys .

we need to hurry up .

just finish your milk and gobble up those apples . ''

she shoved the files she 'd been working on the previous night into her computer bag and looked around , stepping over legos and narrowly missing a toy fire truck .

thankfully , she was still in her slippers because if she 'd changed into her heels for the work day , she 'd have been a gonner .

in the midst of making a path , she remembered one very important question .

`` sam , did you put on underwear today ? ''

why she even had to ask was beyond her but the tike liked going as free as a bird .

she was n't looking at him but since there was no response , she glanced back and found two dark , curly heads bent close .

as much as she loved these little guys , that pose was never good .

and she 'd learned the hard way that silence was bad .

generally , very bad .

`` sam , '' she called out from three feet away and waited until she had his full attention .

when he looked up , the guilt in his eyes told her she 'd caught them doing something wrong , but the trick was figuring out what that `` something '' might be .

had it already occurred ?

or was their mischief imminent ?

she had to maintain a straight face under these circumstances , otherwise , they would consider her humor as encouragement in whatever they had planned .

`` sam , do you have underwear on ? ''

she asked again .

she could n't help it when the chuckle escaped as he looked down and pulled his pants away to check .

how could he not know ?

it seemed to her like underwear was an essential piece of clothing and the absence of that piece would be bothersome and uncomfortable .

siri knew the answer to her question when he looked up with that devilish grin .

`` go put some on , '' she commanded .

the little guy scrambled off his chair before racing full speed to the bedroom and siri was grateful that he was still at an age when he would obey her .

she could n't take a break to ponder the future at this point in the morning .

with sam out of the picture , that left jacob alone .

together , the twins were as thick as thieves .

separate them though , and she could usually get one to confess .

`` what are you guys planning ? ''

she asked , bending down so she was at eye level with jacob .

they were fraternal twins , but they looked so similar it was extremely difficult for strangers to tell them apart .

siri could because she knew them and loved every tiny freckle on their faces .

`` we 're not planning anything , '' jacob whispered , and he placed a chubby hand on both sides of her face .