`` i promise , momma .

we 're innocent . ''

siri knew she was in trouble then .

`` jacob , if you let me in on the secret , maybe we can have ice cream for dessert tonight . ''

jacob 's eyes widened and he smiled excitedly , showing his tiny white toddler teeth with gaps in between because not all of his teeth were in .

`` momma , sam has a surprise for you . ''

siri 's stomach churned with those words .

the last time sam brought her a surprise , he was covered in mud and had two little kittens under each arm .

he 'd `` rescued '' the kittens from someone else 's backyard .

how he 'd done that , she had no idea since her back yard was fenced in with a gate that only an adult could handle and there were n't any kittens , much less mud , in her backyard .

it had taken a week and several lost kitten posters posted around the neighborhood before the original owners had been found and kittens returned .

`` jacob , you know i love surprises , '' she lied and felt no remorse , `` but i also know that sometimes sam 's surprises can be a bit scary .

can you give me a hint ? ''

jacob was torn because he did n't want his mother to be scared , but he could n't reveal the amazing surprise .

`` this wo n't scare you .

i promise .

it 's a good surprise . ''

sam was coming back down the hallway by that point so there was n't anything else siri could say to convince him at the moment .

but she 'd have to work on him a bit later , her stomach churning at the idea of whatever these two extremely intelligent children had devised .

`` okay , do n't tell him i know there 's going to be a surprise , okay ? ''

it would make it easier to work on jacob if sam did n't reinforce the `` surprise '' aspect of the treat they were creating for her .

at least she hoped it was for her .

the idea of her boys devising something for someone else , where she was n't able to run interference , was n't a scenario she relished .

jacob nodded happily , then jumped down off his chair himself and caught up with his brother .

she cringed when she saw their heads immediately bend towards each other .

`` get your shoes and coats on , '' she called out and looked at the news on her computer screen , surveying the headlines on the chicago tribune website .

elections coming , check .

jobs report getting better , check .

weather , rainy .

not check , not good . ''

put on your rain coats , '' she called out again .

oil prices down , for how long ?

she started to put her computer to sleep , but something caught her eye .

oil prices down because ... .no !

that simply was n't possible !

in her panic , she could n't even ensure that the boys were following her instructions .

her eyes skimmed the text , then re-read the first paragraph over again since her panic was diminishing her ability to absorb what the words were explaining .

he 's divorcing ?

she sat down heavily in the kitchen chair and clicked on the screen to get the full article .

as she read through the words , only the message that sheik malik bin saqqaf was in the midst of a divorce and pressure was mounting for him to re-marry quickly in order to produce an heir , something that had n't happened in his first marriage and his advisors were becoming worried about an end to the dynasty .

a dynasty that had been extremely good for duban .

why was a divorce necessary ?

why was n't he just marrying another woman , she wondered ?

could n't he have several wives ?

the idea actually made her stomach ache so she slapped the computer shut and turned around , only to find several sets of eyes staring at her .

sam and jacob were in their rain coats and shoes , although sam had his shoes on the wrong feet .

to the left of sam were their two dogs , `` rover '' and `` boy '' , neither canine having a very celebrated parentage and to the right of jacob was `` kitty '' , a white , short haired feline that loved shedding on siri 's black slacks .

all three animals had not been her choice but had shown up at various stages in her sons ' short lives and become part of the family .

sam was the animal lover and any creature that crossed his path needed to be adopted and `` loved '' by her adorable little son .

he brought home animals even when they had owners , and she had to return them , sometimes with a very sad boy on her hands because , in his mind , no one could take care of animals and give them enough love like he could .

`` what 's wrong , momma ? ''

sam asked , his hand holding rover 's scraggly fur nervously .

jacob , sensing the same tension , leaned into sam and both boys somehow figured out how to have as much of their bodies touching each other without lying on top of the other .

they did n't need to be concerned with her trauma , she told herself .

all they needed in their lives right now was a secure home with lots of hugs , kisses , understanding and parameters .