`` nothing is wrong , little guys , '' she said and pasted a bright smile on her face .

`` i just remembered that i needed to stop and get gas but i can do that after i drop you two off at school .

i know you have your big day today , do n't you ? ''

the boys relaxed slightly , but they kept close , not sure if they believed their mother or not .

`` let 's go , '' she said and herded the boys out to the car , kept the animals in the house with one foot while she closed and locked the door , all the while balancing their school bags on one shoulder , her computer bag in the other , her keys in her right hand and her coffee in the left .

she refused to let her mind think about that man and his divorce as well as all the painful memories that were long gone and should never to be thought of again .

as she drove them the short distance to their preschool , she did her best to appear upbeat and unconcerned until she kissed each of them on their chubby cheeks moments before they each ran off to play with their friends .

she watched them carefully for a few moments , noting that each other was their real best friend .

the others in the play group were interesting , but sam and jacob were two halves of a whole .

when they were in elementary school , she 'd have to separate them , encourage them to open up to others and diversify their lives , but for now , they were doing well .

they were so smart it scared her sometimes .

would she be able to give them everything they needed as they grew up ?

was she a good mother ?

was she doing everything right ?

she sighed as she exited the school , her mid whirling with questions and insecurities .

how nice it would be if she could talk to someone , bounce her ideas off of them and have someone take a bit of the worry away .

but she did n't have that .

she was a single mother of twin boys who were always running around , always chasing something , curious about anything that moved , and if it did n't move , they wanted to know why .

if she was n't working to support them , she was searching the internet to keep up with their questions .

but no matter how exhausting it was , she loved them and knew she 'd never give them up for anything or anyone .

even a man who needed an heir , she thought angrily .

he 'd walked out , he 'd rejected her letter , he 'd never called or checked in on her .

he could just go on about his merry old way and raise oil prices or let them fall , whatever made his day .

he 'd never find out about her sons !

she 'd tried to let him know about their existence but he 'd rejected that letter , had n't even opened the letter since it was `` returned to sender '' .

at the warehouse , she went to her office , smiling at the employees who were already on duty , chatting with several of them about deliveries and inventories , before moving on to her office .

once there , she closed her door , something she rarely did , and sat down in her chair to try and figure out what to do .

she had to think through this latest news carefully , put it into perspective and then move on with her life .

malik 's marriage or dissolution of his marriage had no bearing on her life .

she was independent , she 'd worked hard to build up her toy business and she had two wonderful boys that depended on her .

the days were always chaotic and she worked hard , proud of the company she 'd built up four years ago .

she 'd built up this toy company from nothing , just an idea to distribute educational toys for kids , working hard over the years to ensure its success .

there were several people who had n't liked working for someone younger , but she 'd quickly changed their minds as she 'd grown the company , expanding and giving all of them more opportunities .

the idea for her company had come to her almost immediately after she 'd discovered she was pregnant .

she and her mother had been searching for toys that would be appropriate for what she 'd thought would be her only child .

what they 'd been able to find had been some great toys , some bad ones and some mediocre , but nothing all in one spot .

after a great deal of trial and error , she 'd created a web site that consolidated all of the toys she thought were educational and beneficial to kids at various stages of their lives .

the web site had taken off and she 'd quickly expanded from her parents ' dining room to a small store , and then to this warehouse that could hold a larger inventory so she could get the toys out to her customers more quickly as well as several other retail stores .

at lunch , her assistant placed a sandwich beside her elbow and siri smiled her thanks .

`` would you close the door again , jane ? ''

she asked as the woman was walking out .

jane was startled at the unprecedented request but complied and , as soon as she was alone , siri put her head in her hands , closing her eyes and trying to push the memories at bay .