she did n't want to think about him but that article this morning had really gotten to her .

she looked out her window at the drizzle that continued to fall , her mind traveling back to those halcyon days when everything was rosy and beautiful .

and she had n't known the pain of a man 's betrayal .

chapter 2 four years ago siri glanced once more at her date for the night , wondering what in the world she possibly could have seen in him .

she was in her second year of university and he was in his last so when he 'd asked if she could accompany him on a dinner with his new boss , she 'd eagerly accepted , thinking it would be nice to spend some time with people who might be intellectually stimulating .

not to mention gary was a very handsome man .

she would n't mind getting to know him better , and maybe something could grow .

they 'd spent some time together at coffee shops and study groups although she 'd been too intimidated by everyone else to speak up much .

as she listened to him now , she could n't believe how stupid he was .

if he mis-quoted one more philosopher , she might have to say something .

looking at their dinner companions , gary 's new boss and his extremely patient wife , she was n't sure if they were just bored out of their minds by gary 's monologue on why he 'd adopted various aspects of some philosophers ' doctrines , discarding other parts as `` superfluous '' or `` redundant '' .

or if they were thinking of something else just to keep their minds off of what gary was saying .

when he once again ascribed aristotle to the introduction of forms to philosophy instead of plato , siri looked away , unwilling to see if their dinner companions , and gary 's future employer , agreed or were showing contempt at the man 's blatant abuse of the great philosophers .

as she glanced to her right , her eyes collided with a pair of dark , amused ones .

the man was exceptionally handsome with dark , wavy hair and a strong jaw , and a half smiling mouth that showed he too had overheard gary 's comments .

this man , whoever he was , understood the differences between plato and aristotle and was n't impressed with siri 's dinner companion .

siri glanced away , feeling somewhat odd with that man 's gaze .

she placed a hand over her fluttery stomach and picked up her ice water , taking a long draw to cool herself down .

trying hard to focus on the conversation , hoping she might be able to liven it up a bit , she waited for a break in gary 's diatribe about durkheim .

how had they gone from philosophy to sociology ?

she really must have missed a great deal of the conversation .

their food arrived and she picked up her fork , hoping gary would also take the hint and start eating .

his boss appeared to be moving out of the bored range and into the irritated .

`` gary , that looks delicious .

what did you order ? ''

she asked , only to be polite .

it did n't work and gary shifted back to philosophy after declaring emphatically that agnostics , like he claimed to be , should n't limit their world after rejecting the existence of a divine being .

siri actually choked on her water with that one and her eyes went once more to the man at the next table .

sure enough , he was looking right back at her with an eyebrow raised in question .

she tried very hard to smother the amusement at gary 's confusion with agnostics versus atheists , but she kept quiet and just prayed to the divine being that she sincerely believed in , that this dinner would end quickly and their dinner companions were unaware of gary 's gaffes .

when the meal was finally over , gary 's exuberance over his performance was astounding .

the four of them were walking out of the restaurant and siri pulled her wrap closer around her .

it was n't that it was chilly so much as she did n't want gary to touch her bare skin .

she was so repulsed by his ignorance that she could n't deal with any kind of affection from him .

she turned to the side and once again , she found herself caught up in the stranger 's gaze .

he was surrounded by his dinner companions , but he was n't paying any attention to them , just as she was in an island that seemed to contain only herself and the man standing ten feet away .

he was much taller than she 'd originally have guessed and in the brighter light of the valet area , she could see that his eyes were genuinely a light grey and were n't a factor from the dim lighting of the restaurant .

he was handsome , in an off-hand kind of way .

it was n't so much his looks though , but something that was alluring about his appearance , something that drew one 's eyes towards him .

he would n't release her eyes and she felt captured , unable to look away , unable to hear anything that was going on around her and she was n't sure if she was standing or sitting , just too transfixed to do anything other than stand there until he released her .

fortunately , she did n't really mind the hold he had over her .

this stranger 's gaze was much more enjoyable than anything that was going on around her .