until gary realized that she was n't paying attention to him .

he grabbed her arm and nudged her .

`` are you okay ? ''

he asked in an almost angry tone .

siri blinked and that seemed to break the magic .

she looked away , noticed where she was , that three pairs of eyes were waiting on her expectantly .

`` i 'm sorry , i dazed out for a moment .

did someone ask me a question ? ''

gary puffed up like some angry cave man .

`` i asked if you knew that man over there . ''

siri glanced back , but the tall man was getting into a large , black sport utility vehicle , disappearing from her sight .

`` no .

i 've never met him before , '' she replied honestly .

`` he was sitting at the table next to ours during dinner . ''

`` then why were you staring at him like that ? ''

he demanded .

siri glanced away , feeling slightly guilty .

`` i apologize .

he was just ... . '' she shook her head , unable to explain what had gone on between herself and the stranger .

she could n't explain it in her mind , so putting words to her feelings and reactions was n't really possible .

gary cursed under his breath and turned back to his future boss .

`` i 'm sorry , mr. meyers .

siri is n't usually this rude .

i suppose i simply made the wrong choice in companions for the evening . ''

siri looked at the man who had been boring her all evening , her mouth falling open in astonishment .

`` excuse me ? ''

`` you heard me , '' gary replied , shaking his head in disdain .

`` you 're rude and inconsiderate and i do n't think we 're going to work out well together . ''

siri laughed and took a step back .

turning to the other couple , she smiled brightly .

`` mr. meyers , ms. meyers , i appreciate the dinner tonight .

the food was exceptionally good .

unfortunately , the man you are considering hiring does n't know the difference between plato , who 's primary doctrine was about forms and their abstract meaning , to put a great mind in a nutshell , '' she said turning to glare at gary , `` and aristotle , who was a student of plato .

and how on earth you thought durkheim was a companion of socrates is beyond me , since the man was born in france several centuries after socrates died , over thirteen hundred miles from athens , greece .

not only that , durkheim studied sociology . ''

she was just about to turn away when she thought of one other subject .

`` oh , and one other stupid comment ?

atheists do n't believe in a divine being .

agnostics accept the existence of a divine being is unknown .

a subtle difference , but one your mind is too small to understand . ''

she turned to the other couple , surprised to see their amusement at her comments .

`` well said , '' mr. meyers replied , the first time he revealed that he was fully aware of all the unintelligent comments gary had mouthed during the dinner .

`` please give me a call when you 're ready for a job .

i 'd like to talk to you about possibilities , '' he said , handing her his business card .

looking back at gary , `` i do n't think that position we discussed is going to work out after all .

and please do n't blame this young lady .

i was going to tell you this in the morning , but since you pushed the envelope by speaking to her so poorly a few moments ago , i decided it was pointless to pull my punches since you set the tone . ''

ms. meyers was already nodding and tucking her hand into her husband 's elbow .

`` would you like a ride back to your apartment , siri ?

i 'm not sure i 'm comfortable with you going back with this young man . ''

siri glanced up at gary and stepped back .

`` thank you .

that 's very considerate of you . ''

she thought about catching a cab back to her place , but gary was red enough in the face to be a problem so it was probably better to get out of the area .

besides , she did n't really have the funds for a cab ride .

the dress had cost her a great deal , not to mention the shoes that were biting into the tender flesh of her feet .

the valet arrived at that moment , handing keys to both gary and mr. meyers .

siri followed the couple , slipping into their back seat and refusing to glance at gary the whole time .

she was relieved when the older couple pulled away from the curb , both of them chatting away at some of gary 's more idiotic comments during the meal .

the next day , siri was in her tiny apartment that she shared with another student .

both of them were studying , relaxed on the battered sofa and chair that made up their den area .

both pieces of furniture had seen better days but were covered with blankets or sheets that hid the worst of their wear .

siri had gone to her two classes for the day already and was propped up on the chair with her legs hanging over the side , her brown , slightly curly hair piled on top of her head , held there with a couple of pencils and a pen .