`` i have no idea .

he was at the table next to ours last night and we looked at each other every time gary said something stupid but i do n't know his name .

and i could n't even guess where he 's from since i could n't place his accent . ''

linda was n't excited any longer .

she was actually looking a bit worried now .

`` and you 're going out with him ?

is that safe ? ''

siri turned to glare at her roommate , astonished that she was asking that question now after linda had just accepted the date despite siri 's rejection .

`` not really , '' she said with emphasis , raising an eyebrow .

`` but did i have a choice ?

not really ! ''

linda laughed and flopped back down on the sofa , her worry dissipating just as easily as it had appeared .

`` well , it 's about time you got out and explored a little .

have a bit of adventure tomorrow night with your mystery guy .

he looks yummy , so enjoy it ! ''

`` i might enjoy it more if i knew his name . ''

at that moment , her cell phone rang and she looked down at the tiny screen .

it was an unknown number , but something told her to answer the call anyway .

`` hello ? ''

she answered warily .

`` i think i forgot to tell you my name , '' a deep voice said over the phone .

`` yes , we were just mentioning that , '' she replied , glancing at linda who was watching her eagerly .

`` i 'm malik , '' he explained .

`` and i 'm very glad to meet you , siri . ''

she hesitated to ask , actually afraid of the answer but knowing she had to find out anyway .

`` how did you find out who i am ? ''

`` i have a few resources . ''

`` and how do you know where i live ? ''

`` same resources .

i promise i 'm not a stalker .

just consider me a man interested in getting to know a beautiful woman .

i 'll see you tomorrow night . ''

siri glanced at her phone , then at linda .

`` his name is malik and he has 'resources ' , '' she explained to her curious roommate .

`` he has a lot more than resources , '' linda replied with a grin before once more diving back into her books .

siri tried as well to refocus on her art history but after that phone conversation , she had trouble concentrating .

her mind kept drifting back to the moment when malik had walked into her apartment , how large he was and trying to figure out what kinds of 'resources ' he could bring forth that would provide him with a stranger 's name and address so quickly .

she considered calling him back and canceling since anyone with resources like that might use them for good or bad .

she was n't someone who could fight anyone that powerful or wealthy .

but in the end , she did n't make the call and her worry changed from trying to figure out who he was to what she was going to wear on a date with someone so sophisticated .

besides , she was also curious and rejecting the dinner date would n't give her the answers she now craved as to his identity .

the following night , she dressed in a pretty sundress with bright yellow flowers all over the skirt and a yellow cardigan .

spring was on the way and she felt daring , but also wanted to be a little conservative .

the man was definitely too confident , she thought and this dress screamed out `` interested '' but `` not jumping into bed with you '' .

when the doorbell rang , her fingers were shaking and she glanced back to linda who was sitting o the ratty old sofa with her friends eating a pizza before they all settled down for a long night of studying .

at least that 's what they said they were doing .

siri suspected that they were all anticipating getting a good look at the guy who was taking siri out for dinner .

as she opened the door , she glanced at her friends , all of whom were actually leaning forward , pizza forgotten , in order to get a better look at the man who was picking her up .

with a bright smile , she opened the door , then stepped out , closing it behind her and surprising malik who was standing at her doorway .

`` do n't ask , '' she said to his questioning look as she dropped her phone and keys into her purse .

`` it 's better just to walk away . ''

she felt mischievous in not allowing her friends to see the man they 'd all congregated in her apartment to see .

he chuckled , then took a step back .

`` i 'll take your word on it . ''

he put a hand to the small of her back and led her down the stairs .

outside , a long limousine was waiting and siri almost stumbled as they approached .

she looked around , hoping no one recognized her .

she stepped quickly into the car and hoped the darkness would hide her from the crowds looking on from the other apartments , most of whom were rented by fellow students , and all of whom were curious to see who was being picked up by a man who could afford a limousine .

as soon as the door closed behind him , she turned to face him .