`` i appreciate the gesture , but the limousine really is n't necessary . ''

malik smothered a laugh and refrained from telling her that the limousine was not only necessary , but mandated by his body guards .

the car was n't just bullet proof , it was also bomb proof and loaded with enough power to transfer him out of any danger that might come up .

`` it might not be necessary in your mind , but believe me , it 's more than necessary in mine . ''

siri was charmed by his old fashioned manners and she loved talking with him .

she had no idea what she ate that night , or any other night after that since conversing with malik was better than talking with any of her companions .

they debated philosophy , art , history , politics and any number of subjects .

they had dinner together the next three nights but he had to go out of town for the weekend so she did n't get to see him for several days .

she was painfully disappointed , not just because she loved arguing with him and laughing with him , but also because she was always so excited to see him .

and she definitely loved the way he touched her .

at the end of each night , he took her into his arms and kissed her until she was shivering with need .

the first night , he kissed her at her door .

the second night , he took her into his arms as soon as he picked her up , pressing her back against the wall outside of her apartment and kissing her until someone walked by .

he tried to take her into his arms in the back seat of the suv , but siri was too shy with the man driving in the front and pulled back .

malik accepted her reticence with an amused expression , but when he dropped her off , he pulled her into his arms as soon as they were back at her apartment door .

`` invite me inside , siri , '' he said before moving to her neck and nibbling his way down to her collar bone .

siri sighed and shook her head , enjoying the way his lips tickled and excited at the same time .

`` linda is probably inside with her boyfriend .

we would n't have any privacy , '' she sighed , then gasped when his hand moved up to cover her breast .

her hand automatically went up to his wrist , trying to stop him , but when his thumb found her already hard nipple , she groaned and pressed his hand closer .

after several more minutes of this torment , he pulled back and looked down at her .

`` tomorrow night , we 're dining al fresco , '' he said with a husky tone .

`` sounds lovely , '' she said , ignoring the fact that he was just assuming she 'd agree to dinner with him again .

`` what time ? ''

`` early .

i 'll pick you up at six . ''

siri should have said no , that she needed to study , but she did n't care about classes right now .

all she wanted was to be with malik , to laugh and listen to him , and to feel his hands on her body , to thrill at his kisses .

the following night , when he picked her up , she opened the door to her apartment and almost threw herself into his arms , so eager to feel his strong arms around her again .

but she was still shy , still not sure she wanted to move this quickly with a man she barely knew so she held back , looking down to hide her excitement .

they might have spent hours in each others ' company , but she did n't really know him personally .

she knew that he liked italian and middle eastern foods , disliked beer and preferred wine , loved to exercise and teased her about her fear of being alone with him .

but she did n't know much about him the man , his past and all the little things that she felt were important .

with malik , the important part was just being with him .

`` where is al fresco occurring tonight ? ''

she asked as she turned to lock her door .

malik was having none of that .

when she turned around , she gasped when she found him leaning against her door frame , one arm on either side of her head .

`` you look lovely , '' he said a moment before he pulled her roughly into his arms , kissing her deeply and pulling her close .

siri did n't mind , wanting this as well but she 'd been too shy .

malik definitely was n't shy and she loved the way he held her , tormenting her with his body .

her hands ran up his muscular arms , her own hands gripping his wide shoulders as she leaned up on her toes to get closer to him .

`` we have to get out of here , '' he growled .

siri was actually embarrassed to find that her legs were wrapped around his waist , his hands on her bottom to support her while he pressed her back against the wall .

her breathing was rapid and she was moving against him ever so slightly , but when he started to let her down , she gripped his shoulders .

`` do n't ! ''

she gasped and pulled him back , uncaring now if anyone saw them .

`` do n't do that , '' she replied and shifted slightly , feeling his erection against her and needing more .