`` please , '' she sighed .

`` siri , '' he said and pressed her back , his hands moving to her thighs .

`` we have to get out of here .

i ca n't do this here , '' he said but his head bent down and kissed her again .

`` come on , '' he said and lowered her gently down to the ground , watching the tension on her face as she lowered her feet back down to the ground .

`` let 's go . ''

with those words , he grabbed her hands and pulled her towards the stairs , leading her quickly out into the early evening .

without saying a word , he pulled her into the limousine , nodding to the man holding the door .

as soon as the door closed , he pulled her into his arms and siri went willingly , not even aware of the driver this time .

by the time the car stopped , siri found that she was on his lap , straddling him and his hands were underneath her dress .

`` we ca n't do this , malik , '' she said , letting her head drop backwards .

`` this is getting painful . ''

`` i agree , '' he said and pulled the strap back up on her dress .

`` let 's go , '' he said and lifted her up .

he easily slid out of the vehicle , then reached back and pulled her out .

siri held onto his hand as he led her into the lobby of an unfamiliar building .

`` where are we ? ''

she asked as he pressed the call button on the elevator .

`` at my place . ''

the doors to the elevator opened up and siri stepped inside , her heart racing at the implication of his words .

`` why are we here ? ''

she asked , her stomach falling at both the speed at which they were ascending and the idea he 'd put into her head .

`` i think you know the reason , '' he replied , his dark eyes watching her carefully .

`` i want you , but i wo n't pressure you .

this is a decision you have to make on your own .

i could walk across this elevator and take the decision out of your mind and we both know i could , but i want you completely .

i want you to make the decision to be with me tonight of your own free will and not something you 'll regret in the morning . ''

siri looked up at him , her worried eyes trying to make sense of what he was saying .

her body was still singing from his touch in the limousine and now he was promising her more , all uninterrupted .

she thought about what he was saying , about the implications and with a smile , she stepped forward , right into his arms .

`` you wo n't regret this , '' he said as he pulled her up against him , burying his face in her hair .

`` i know , '' she replied , her heart already pounding rapidly and he was n't even kissing her .

she was twenty years old and ready for this step .

she wanted very badly to know what it was like , but not badly enough to have sex with anyone other than this man with his strong arms , his intelligence and strength , his wit and the way he touched her .

he lifted her up and carried her through the penthouse .

siri was n't really aware of the passing rooms but she was very conscious of this man and how small and fragile she felt as he held her .

`` i 'm going to turn on the lights , '' he said as he lowered her legs down .

`` i want to see you , '' he explained gently .

siri thought about that and smiled her agreement .

she might want the lights off , but then she would n't be able to see him and that would be a shame , she thought .

with the soft glow of the bedside table illuminating them , he pulled her back into his arms and kissed her .

it was slow and thorough and he did n't stop until the stiffness left her shoulders and she was clinging to him once again .

his fingers were in her hair and she reached up , wanting to touch him as well .

as she moved against him , she felt his fingers against her stomach , and then against her skin and she gasped with the intensity of that touch .

when his hand cupped her breast she jerked backwards , her eyes surprised .

but then she realized that she liked the heat , the spark and she slammed right back against him , her hand reaching for his to put his hand back on her breast , moaning with pleasure as his fingers slid along the skin of her breast , his thumb moving against her nipple and she could barely stand as the heat surged through her .

clinging to his shoulders , she gasped and moved her own hands up , reveling in the way he felt .

it was like hard silk , she thought .

with a flick of his wrist , her bra was released and pulled off , tossed behind him and malik pulled back to look down at her half naked body .

`` you 're so beautiful , '' he growled and lifted her up so she was laying on the bed , his arms holding him above her as he tasted what he 'd just felt .