`` yes , well , i need to go see about my next case . ''

her heavily painted lips turned down in a pout .

`` are n't you ever going to want to get a drink again ? ''

inwardly , he groaned .

in a moment of weakness when he was still reeling after what had happened with megan , he had allowed her to talk him into getting a drink after work .

once turned into several times , and then he did the unthinkable .

he had made out with her in his car under the faded lights of the bar 's neon sign .

well , making out did n't quite sum up the fact that she had given him a blow job .

although he had vowed to never let anything like that happen again , he found himself walking a fine line around her whenever they were at work .

`` um , sure .

maybe .

things have been really busy . ''

`` i hope that you 'll free up some time .

i really , really need a night out with you again . ''

reaching around him , kara did the unthinkable .

she squeezed one of his ass cheeks .

a gasp of shock behind him caused him to whirl around .

of all the people in the world that could have been standing there , it had to be megan .

pesh quickly jerked out from kara 's reach .

megan 's eyes bulged at the two of them before she quickly looked away .

with her head ducked , she started past them .

the last thing in the world he needed was for something to be awkward between them .

without another word to kara , pesh turned and fell in step beside megan .

`` what are you doing ? ''

she asked .

he shrugged .

`` nothing .

just walking with you .

is that a problem ? ''

glancing over her shoulder at kara , megan said , `` it looked like you were a little busy back there . ''

with a grimace , he said , `` the conversation and the contact were unwanted by me . ''

megan stared up at him .

`` why am i not surprised by that ? ''

he eyed her curiously .

`` just what do you mean ? ''

`` you are not the type of man who does public displays of affection ... or i should say lust . ''

`` have n't we already established that you should n't try to typecast me ?

i do n't fit into any of the preconceived holes you have tried to put me in . ''

`` there is one hole that you remain firmly lodged in , and that is being a gentleman when it comes to women and sex . ''

as much as he hated to admit it , she had a point about him being a gentleman .

he touched her arm , urging her to stop .

`` yes , i am a gentleman both in public and private .

but let me address part of your assumption .

when i am committed to a woman and she is committed to me , there is never a time i would reject public displays of affection or lust . ''

megan 's lips curved up in a smile .

`` so what you 're saying is you would actually grab your girlfriend 's ass in public ? ''

`` yes , i would . ''

glancing around , he found them happily out of anyone 's earshot .

`` when i am truly committed to a woman , i have trouble keeping my hands off her regardless of where we are . ''

`` that 's good to know , '' she replied , with a wink .

he could n't help the silly grin that filled his face as she hurried down the hall to join up with kristi .

he was making progress with her , was n't he ?

surely megan had to be seeing how much she enjoyed spending time with him in the hospital and would soon decide that she wanted more .

his smile started to fade as he wondered if he was deluding himself .

with a resigned sigh , he made his way over to the reception bay to sign off on some charts .

he eased down on a stool and immersed himself in the paperwork , so he did n't have to think about megan .

`` alpesh ! ''

a voice across the room shouted .

he snapped his head up .

without even looking over his shoulder , pesh knew who the voice belonged to .

few people in his life addressed him by his full name , and no one in the hospital ever called him by his first name .

slowly , he rose off his stool and turned around .

his youngest brother , dev , stalked toward him with a stormy expression plastered on his face .

as the oldest of his three siblings , he had always felt a responsibility to look out for his two brothers and sister .

while arjan and shveta had never given him any trouble , dev , as the spoiled baby of the family , had been a challenge for both pesh and his parents .

after experiencing teenage rebellion and a wayward early adult life , he had managed to get his wild ways under control when he was twenty-five .

dev had set his sights on a beautiful nurse pesh had befriended when he was still a resident .

mia martinelli had been through hell with an abusive boyfriend , so pesh was reluctant to pair the two together .

but at dev 's continued insistence , pesh fixed the two of them up .