the moment malik 's mouth covered her nipple siri thought she would explode .

her fingers were clenching the fabric of his shirt and she tried to catch her breath , wanting to feel his skin .

she tentatively unbuttoned his shirt and let her fingers slide inside , testing to see if he would be angry but his reaction startled her .

he came off the bed and tore his shirt off , then came back to her , his hand reaching down and doing exactly as she 'd done a moment ago .

as his hand held hers , his eyes closed and she could see he was gritting his teeth as he moved her hand along his skin .

when he was sure she would n't move her hand away , he released it and came back to her breast .

she knew she 'd found a sensitive spot when his mouth sucked harder and she ached with the need she did n't fully understand .

it was almost painful and she lifted her legs , pressing herself against the erection she could feel on her stomach .

malik moved to the other breast and siri was n't sure she liked this any longer .

`` please , no more , '' she gasped as he teased her nipple , her body aroused to the point where she could n't take any more .

or at least she thought that was the case .

`` much more , '' malik contradicted and moved down to her stomach .

as soon as his mouth was gone from her breast , she missed the intensity and wanted him back , but then he kissed her stomach and she loved that as well , the feeling almost like a tickle , but much more intense .

he slid her skirt off , taking her underwear with him and , for the first time , siri felt self-conscious as he looked down at her as she was completely naked .

`` do n't be shy , '' he said as his heated gaze took in her long legs and slender waist , her perfectly rounded breasts that were just the right size for his hand .

`` it excites me to see you like this , so ready for me and open , knowing that you want me almost as much as i want you . ''

with his words , she relaxed and looked up at him .

`` are you going to ... . '' `` absolutely , '' he said and efficiently dispensed with his clothes , watching her the whole time .

he suppressed a groan when she came up on her elbows , which pushed her breasts out further .

they were so perfect , so ripe and sweet , his mouth wanted a longer taste but she was n't used to that and he knew he had to take things slowly .

his hands slid along her skin , enjoying how soft and silky she was .

he also loved the way she writhed against the bed covers , looking like a goddess with the desire for him shining in her beautiful eyes .

he was trying hard , but seeing her like this was making it extremely difficult to hold back .

`` i want you , '' he growled as he came back down , feeling her body against his without any hindrance this time .

`` i want you to , malik , '' she said and moved against him , her legs automatically moving to make room for him and he inhaled sharply as he felt her heat , so close to his erection he had to lift himself off her or he would push into her .

she was n't ready yet , but almost .

his hand reached down , sliding along her thighs and she almost closed her legs , afraid of this next step .

but as soon as he felt her resistance , he stopped and lowered his head , kissing her until she relaxed again .

when he felt her thighs open for him once more , he continued kissing her , moving from her mouth to her neck , then back to her breasts .

when he covered her nipple once again , she gasped and her legs lost all resistance .

his hand moved to her inner thigh , then higher and he almost lost control when he felt her heat , the wetness that told him she truly was ready for him .

he moved slowly , sliding his finger inside her and shaking his head to clear his thoughts , control his body when he felt her clench around his finger .

he moved his finger in and out of her tight sheath , then pushed in two fingers .

her eyes were closed the whole time and he was free to look down at her , to watch her experience the joys her body could bring her without embarrassing her .

when her hips pressed against his hand , he knew she was finally ready for him .

he slid his fingers out and positioned himself above her , pulling her legs around his waist and looking her directly in the eye as he slowly , as gently as he could , moved inside her .

her mouth opened in surprise as he filled her , feeling his body ache with the need to move faster , to go deeper but holding back so she could adjust to his invasion .

`` it 's okay , '' he soothed when she started to pull away and it took all of his strength to stop and wait for her to adjust .

when he saw her breath in once again , he pressed on , moving out slightly , then back a bit deeper .

he continued to do this until he felt her resistance and had to close his eyes .