gathering her close in his arms , he kissed her gently .

`` i 'm sorry , siri , '' he said a moment before he pushed into her .

he held her in his arms as she stiffened and heard her gasp of pain against his ear .

malik held absolutely still while she recovered , not moving at all until he felt her relax .

that was all the encouragement he needed .

still moving slowly , he slid in and out of her heat , watching her face as she experienced pleasure like this for the first time .

he loved the way she moved instinctively against her , feeling her heat , the ecstasy of her body against his , clenching against him and driving him insane with the need to move faster .

`` do n't stop , '' she cried out when she thought he was slowing down .

her eyes closed as she lifted her hips to meet his thrusts and her fingers curled against his arms and shoulders .

`` do n't worry , '' he groaned and could n't help it when he moved faster , needing her and watching her face to gauge her response .

when her head fell back , he knew she was okay and moved slightly faster .

she took all of him , her legs lifting to take him deeper inside of her and he struggled to control his climax to ensure that she came first .

when he knew that he was about to lose control , he moved his hand down , teasing her and watched in fascination as she splintered almost immediately into her first orgasm .

he could only watch for a moment before her climax brought on his own and he slammed into her as intense waves of desire washed over him .

siri 's arms relaxed and she felt as if her whole body were made of jell-o .

the world could be falling apart outside this room and she would n't even care .

`` are you okay ? ''

he asked , lifting himself off of her , but not letting her go .

he rolled over onto his back , pulling her close against him .

he loved the way she snuggled against him , her leg even coming up to slide against his .

`` more than okay , '' she sighed and her hand moved against his ridged stomach , replete with happiness .

he pulled away to clean up in the bathroom , but he was back in moments and pulling her back against his side .

`` i 'm sorry i 've missed this , '' she said , referring to the fact that this was her first time .

he looked down at her , his anger sharp and intense .

`` you 're mine , siri !

what we shared will be only between us , '' he commanded .

she was touched by his possessiveness , when in other men it would be irritating .

`` i know .

i was just kidding .

i have n't even been tempted by any other man .

you know that , '' she said as her hand soothed against his jaw .

`` i 'm sorry .

i should n't have made a comment like that . ''

he relaxed and nodded .

`` you 're mine , siri , '' he said again .

`` does that mean you 're mine ? ''

she asked , pushing her hair out of her eyes and lifting herself higher so she was looking down on him for a change .

`` do you want me ? ''

he teased , his hand sliding up her back , then down again to smooth against her bottom , making her wiggle and blush at the intimate touch .

`` i think i do , '' she said with a grin .

`` are you going to take me ? ''

he asked and re-situated her so that she was laying completely on top of him .

`` are n't i heavy ? ''

she asked , worried that she might be too much for him .

he laughed and shook his head .

`` you 're too light , '' he countered .

she moved her legs , but his hands stopped her , forcing her legs to straddle him instead .

`` that 's better , '' he replied , his voice husky .

from that night on , whenever he was in town , she was in his arms , spending the nights with him .

he was so busy that there were periods when she only saw him once during the month .

other times he was able to get away twice and they spent long weekends walking along the river , holding hands and dining out .

but mostly , they spent their time in bed , finding new ways to love each other .

she never said the words , but siri was totally , completely , madly in love with this man who continued to surprise her .

he was older than her by twelve years but she did n't feel as if he ever spoke down to her .

he listened while she spoke , helped her study for her exams , even gave her tips on research papers .

and never spoke about his feelings for her .

so she kept hers a secret as well , loving the man , but knowing there was a large part of him he kept secret .

for instance , she still had no idea what he did for a living .

every time she met him he was coming or going from one meeting or another .

when she asked him about it , he explained that he was negotiating a contract , but never gave her details about what kind of contract , or what company he worked for .