`` he 's not , '' linda assured her quickly .

`` it 's nothing like that . ''

she looked out the window briefly before bringing her gaze back to the floor , unable to look siri in the eyes .

`` at least , i have n't heard anything like that . ''

siri relaxed and leaned back against the worn cushions .

`` whew !

you were starting to worry me .

i could n't figure out what might be so concerning about malik .

has something happened in duban ? ''

linda looked at the newspaper , then back up at siri .

`` you could say that , '' she said and handed the paper to siri with the headlines on the front page , pointing to the lead story so siri could easily see the issue .

siri glanced down , not sure what she might read .

but the picture was bad enough .

on the front page was a picture of the royal family of duban , with malik in the middle .

if that was n't bad enough , the woman with the beautiful smile and long , flowing black hair , gazing up at him with adoring eyes , was enough to make siri feel sick .

`` crown prince malik bin saqqaf , sheik of duban married yesterday in a formal ceremony . ''

the article went on to give the woman 's name and describe the ceremony , explain why everyone should care about this marriage , but all siri could see was malik 's handsome face , looking stern , almost angry , as he stared out from the picture while surrounded by his family and new bride .

`` i need to go , '' siri said and hurried into her bedroom , slamming the door behind her .

she could n't face linda after reading the article .

she could n't face anyone .

by the time she 'd read the last word that described the elaborate ceremony and the exciting engagement , the surprise to the whole world that the crown prince was engaged without anyone in the world knowing , she was numb , unable to process anything else in her own sphere .

she did n't cry .

not for several days .

she could n't cry , could n't believe that he 'd actually done this to her .

he 'd betrayed her .

he 'd cheated on her , he 'd lied to her and married only days after spending the night with her !

a full week went by and siri barely came out of her room .

she drank coffee and had toast when linda forced it on her .

she went to her classes but did n't hear anything .

she walked around campus , but barely knew what was going on .

living on coffee most of the time , she did n't even care that her grades had fallen or that she had lost so much weight that her clothes could barely stay on her figure .

she 'd been thin before , but now she could only be described as gaunt .

she did n't even realize that her friends were discussing how best to help her , because none of their suggestions even broke through the pain filled haze she was living in .

it took over a month before siri felt well enough to talk to linda about malik and even then , she 'd barely gotten out a few words before she broke down in tears .

linda was the epitome of patience , but even she could n't help her friend through this kind of betrayal .

letters came addressed to her in malik 's handwriting , but siri returned them all , rejecting any explanation he might have .

nothing he said could justify what he 'd done to her .

she was n't sure how she would have felt if he 'd told her about his engagement before she 'd become intimate .

would she have understood ?

surely she would n't have felt so ... .abused , so completely ... .she could n't really put a name to what she was feeling .

her pain seemed to be beyond anything she 'd felt before .

siri had dated men in the past , had even thought she 'd cared about them .

but never had she considered becoming intimate with any of them , nor had she given her heart and her soul so completely as she 'd done with malik .

she 'd trusted him with her heart , with the most intimate part of her and he 'd stomped on that trust , on her love .

not that she 'd actually told him how she 'd felt .

and thank goodness for that , she thought one day on the way to one of her classes .

and then the brutal part happened .

two months after that last weekend , siri found herself in the bathroom throwing up , her whole body wracked with the pain of emptying an already empty stomach .

a few hours later , she felt fine and went to class , but when the same thing happened the following day , she had to question what was really happening .

a pregnancy test confirmed her fears .

and a month later , a sonogram confirmed twins .

siri had sent a letter to malik but was n't sure how to address the letter .

the news that she was pregnant was hard to write , but she was as plain as possible , not elaborating but just stating the news .

she gave him the facts , about her due date , the twins , she did n't know the gender but that the babies were healthy so far .

she outlined the plan the doctor had given her for the pregnancy , how she would have additional appointments to ensure that the babies were delivered successfully and healthy and anything else she could relate about the pregnancy while leaving out anything personal .