when the letter arrived back , she crushed it in her fist , scared out of her mind at idea of facing parenthood as a single mother .

in the back of her mind , she realized that she 'd still held out the hope that he would come to her and tell her that the marriage to another woman was n't real , that he loved her and would push the other woman aside so they could be married themselves and raise their babies together .

the rejection of that letter was yet another slap in the face to her hopes and dreams and siri hated malik even more for that .

going back to her parents after that last semester had been horrible but both her mother and father were delighted that they were going to be grandparents .

they helped her finish school and start her business , encouraging her the whole way .

when the twins were born , they were right there helping her through every moment and she loved them for all of their support .

she 'd gotten through it , siri thought , looking around at her office , now papered with the pictures jacob and sam had made during preschool art classes .

she 'd started her business out of her parent 's house , starting out only as an online distribution website for educational toys .

as success came , she expanded to a store in one of the suburbs , and then two , and now she had five stores , plus her online business had more than doubled over the past year with internet sales skyrocketing .

she could work from home when the boys were sick and , since she was the boss , it was easier for her to be at their programs , to celebrate the small and the large events of their lives .

as hard as it had been initially , she was finally at a place where she felt secure , and that she had things somewhat under control .

and now life hits her with another whammy !

why was he divorcing ?

and did she even care ?

after that first month , he had n't tried to get in touch with her .

she 'd read about two years ago that his father had died and he 'd taken full control of the country .

it seemed strange that the man she 'd laughed with and made love to throughout all hours of the night , who was the secret father of her children was actually ruler of one of the wealthiest countries in the world .

`` joe needs you on the floor , '' her assistant said , poking her head into siri 's office .

`` something about a sale to hong kong . ''

siri blinked and came back to the present .

she did n't have time to deal with this now .

malik was far away dealing with his problems and she had to deal with her own .

wherever he was , whatever he was doing , she could n't let it interfere with the raising of her boys and , besides lots of hugs and kisses , her business was the core of that care .

she could n't let them down .

standing up , she took a moment to straighten the files on her desk , then went down to the warehouse floor to figure out what the problem was .

malik watched as siri moved about the warehouse .

she was grace and elegance and she 'd actually become more beautiful over the past four years .

he could n't count the number of hours he 'd spent fantasizing about being with her again .

the past four years had been the hardest of his life but he was now free to pursue the woman he was meant to be with .

he was fascinated by the way she moved about .

she was so efficient and professional .

the woman he 'd known had been intelligent and witty , but also shy around other people .

this woman approached the employees with confidence and a smile .

although he could n't hear her words , with each person , she treated them with respect and it seemed as if she was encouraging them while speaking with each one .

she was stronger , he thought as she carried a clip board around , checking in with her employees and asking questions , always leaving them with a smile to show that she respected them and appreciated their work and their time .

he 'd expect nothing less of her , he just wished he 'd been around to watch the transformation .

once again , he cursed the forces that had required his marriage , specifically his father who had destroyed treaties that had ended badly with violence .

he understood why his father had done that , and might even agree with him , but he had n't liked the resolution to the hostilities , which had been his marriage to the daughter of a tribal leader , one that would unite their two families and ensure peace .

his marriage had been a necessity , one that he 'd carried out as an obligation , but there had been no love between him and his wife .

they 'd both made a half hearted effort to make the relationship work , but between the politics and the regional fighting , the separations and ... .well , lots of things , their marriage had been bound to fail from the beginning .

that was fine with him though .

he had n't wanted to marry her , he 'd wanted siri .

but siri had n't had the right political connections and his ex-wife had been perfect for the job .

so they 'd both done what they 'd been raised to do , and that was to protect their countries and create a bond .