now that the bond was no longer needed , they had parted ways , leaving him free to pursue this woman who became more interesting the more he watched .

he was standing in the office area high above the warehouse but he could see down from the window that looked into the vast warehouse space .

he saw siri 's efficient and bubbly assistant as she tried to catch her boss , but the assistant with her bright , curly hair was on one side of the warehouse , while siri was on the other .

although the amusing chase was interesting , he did n't have a great deal of time , nor any patience to wait .

he 'd waited four years to see his woman and he was n't going to delay any longer than necessary .

he wanted siri in his arms and in his bed , he wanted to pick up where they left off and find a way to forge a future between the two of them .

he 'd already cleared the path for their marriage with his advisors .

he had n't asked , he 'd told them who he was going after .

with his marriage behind him , they all agreed enthusiastically that a new marriage , to a woman malik cared for , was the answer to ensuring prosperity in the kingdom and longevity of his line .

malik watched with a chuckle as the assistant 's head bobbed in one direction in search of siri , while their prey moved in the opposite direction .

obviously , this was n't the most effective way to bring siri to him , he realized .

malik pulled out his cell phone and dialed the number his assistant had given him .

sure enough , as soon as he heard the answering ring , siri looked down at her waist where her cell phone was attached .

she glanced at the phone number and he could even see her biting her lip in indecision .

he almost chuckled when she pressed the `` ignore '' button and slammed the phone back into the holder at her waist .

she was cute when she was irritated , but that also gave him an idea of what was coming .

instead of calling her again , which she would probably ignore once again , he texted her a message , then pressed send and waited , watching for her reaction .

siri looked at her clip board again but the words and numbers did n't register in her mind .

that phone number ... .it could n't be him .

could it ?

how could he have the same phone number he 'd had four years ago ?

and why in the world had she remembered that phone number ?

this definitely was n't the same phone so she did n't have the number programmed in as she had in the past .

when he 'd called four years ago , his name had popped up on the small screen and she 'd eagerly taken the call , excited to find out when he would be back in chicago .

now , however , she wanted nothing to do with the man .

burn me once , shame on you .

burn me twice , shame on me .

there was no way she was even talking to the man who left her one day and turned up married to another woman the next day , without a word or explanation .

okay , so he might have tried to explain in the letters she 'd rejected , but at the time , she was too furious with him for any explanations .

then , once she found out she was pregnant and her own letter had come back rejected , she 'd been too terrified of what was to come .

explanations were n't worth much at that point , she 'd needed help and she 'd gotten none , except from her mother and father who had been absolutely wonderful throughout her whole terrifying and difficult pregnancy .

he had no idea how hard it is to carry twins , attend classes and start one 's business all at the same time !

he could rot at the other end of the line for all she cared !

the man was as good as dead in her heart .

how dare he even try to call her after all these years , she fumed !

his first marriage ended so now he 's going to try and pick up where he left off ?

as if nothing had occurred in between ?

as if he had n't completely rejected everything they stood for while they 'd been together ?

what arrogance !

there she went again , thinking that he might have thought their relationship as significant as she had .

to him , she 'd probably just been an affair , a whim .

she 'd come to the conclusion that she 'd been his `` port '' lady , the woman he comes to when he 's in this particular city but meant nothing to him since he most likely had , and still had , women in several other ports that met his needs there .

she had to stop thinking that she 'd meant anything at all to him .

if she had , he never could have betrayed her like that .

goodness , why was she even thinking about all this ?

she had work to do and a phone call from a man who had abandoned her was not going to distract her from her goals for the day .

she had shipments to review , both incoming and outgoing .

she had payroll to approve , a marketing meeting later this afternoon , financial reports to go over , new products to test and a million other things that were more urgent ... she did n't have time to dream about painful methods of retribution to a man she 'd never see again since he was a million miles away .