damn that man !

there was no way she would allow him to invade her space .

this was her personal domain and she would n't permit him to come here and fluster her or make her crazy the way he 'd been doing for the past few minutes !

he 'd given up the right to speak to her casually , to give her compliments or anything else four years ago when he 'd married another woman only days after spending the night with her !

dorothy , her assistant , rushed up to her , out of breath and sweating slightly .

`` i finally found you !

there 's a guy up in your office .

a gorgeous guy !

he asked if he could see you and he has the most amazing accent you 've ever heard !

and he 's buff ! ''

she finally finished , her eyes wide with excitement and curiosity .

the woman was completely discrete about anything that was happening in the office , but siri looked at her flushed cheeks and knew she 'd never confide her relationship with malik to anyone here in the warehouse or office .

knowing that dorothy expected siri to drop everything she was doing so she could run up and see the 'buff ' guy only irritated siri more , but she tried to hide it .

dorothy was n't the target here .

it was all on malik 's end that she wanted to shoot darts at .

`` why is he here ? ''

siri asked , gritting her teeth to keep from snapping off her assistant 's head at the idea that malik was 'gorgeous ' .

if she only knew what kind of a weasel that man was , dorothy would n't think he was so nice to look at .

no amount of muscles could compensate for a poor character and low morals .

dorothy 's curls bounced as she pointed towards the offices above the warehouse .

`` he said something about wanting to talk with you .

he mentioned he was an old friend . ''

`` old enemy , more like it , '' siri mumbled underneath her breath .

`` thanks dorothy .

tell mary i 'll be in to approve the payroll in a moment .

i just need to get rid of a bug . ''

dorothy stared after her boss , eyes wide at the idea that the man in her office could possibly be the bug upon which her boss might stomp .

surely she 'd misunderstood .

the charming , marvelous fellow she 'd spoken to several minutes ago could never be thought of as an unwanted pest !

either that , or her boss was just teasing .

yes , that must be it , she thought as she watched siri walked with determination towards the offices .

`` if you do n't want him , send him my way ! ''

dorothy called out .

siri barely hesitated as she heard her assistant 's bellow .

`` believe me , you do n't want this kind of cockroach , '' siri called back .

she practically ran up the metal stairs in order to get to her office more quickly .

she wanted malik out of her office , out of her warehouse and out of her life .

she hated this man so deeply she could n't believe that she had it in her .

`` who the hell do you think ... '' she started to say but he cut her off , simply by taking her into his arms and covering her angry mouth with his .

his kiss was hot , sexy and so blatantly erotic there was nothing siri could do but kiss him back .

her clip board fell to the floor , forgotten as her hands gripped the lapels of his perfectly tailored charcoal suit .

his hands , which had been holding both sides of her face , moved down to pull her against him , to show her that he was just as affected by the kiss as she was .

by the time he lifted his head , siri was clinging to him , her mind a jumble and her voice whimpering with need she 'd thought was pushed out of her life at his departure four years ago .

as he looked down at her , his eyes smiling into her stunned ones , he kissed her cheek and her ear , before pulling back once again to look at her .

`` i 've missed you , siri , '' he said softly , his hands roaming over her back and sending shivers of anticipation all over her body .

no one knew how to touch a woman , how to touch her , like malik .

he knew all of her secrets , all the places on her body that sent excitement and desire zinging through her system and he used all of that knowledge to his benefit now .

siri pulled back just far enough , then with all of her might , she swung out , smacking him hard on his cheek .

her hand stung from the impact and she could see the red imprint of her hand on his cheek but was unaware of the tears streaming down her cheeks .

`` get out ! ''

she growled .

`` i never want to see you again ! ''

she tried to take a deep breath to calm down , but her body 's betrayal had only made her angrier .

`` i ca n't believe you would do something like that after so many years and after what you did ! ''

he started to say something but she picked up her clipboard and shook her head .

`` get out of my office , get out of my warehouse and get out of my life ! ''