she swung around and was just about to leave her office when he grabbed her arm , swinging her around and pushing her against the wall by the door to her office .

`` i deserved the slap .

i know that and i 'm sorry for the pain i caused you in the past .

but i can explain , '' he said , his voice rough and yet still soft , gently soothing .

she tried to jerk away , but no matter how soft his voice , his hands were steel around her waist .

`` do n't touch me ! ''

she snapped and tried to look away when his finger came up and touched her cheek , tenderly wiping away the tears on her flushed cheek .

`` i 'll leave now , but we 're going to talk .

after that kiss we just shared , you know there 's something still between us and we can make this work .

you just have to let it .

you 're angry now and i deserve it all , and probably a lot more .

but we can work through this and make things better . ''

`` you can just ... '' she started to say something , but shook her head and took a deep breath .

`` you 're not going to get to me , '' she said with as much dignity as possible under the circumstances .

`` you left four years ago , you can just leave again . ''

with that , she turned around and headed down the office hallway , uncaring of where she was going as long as it was the opposite direction from him .

she wanted to be as far away from him as she could get , but the warehouse offices were n't very large .

she walked to the kitchen and looked out the front window , seeing the long , elegant limousine parked out front .

she swallowed painfully since the car reminded her of the times he 'd picked her up in those long ago .

why had n't she looked into him more carefully ?

why had she just let things go , happy to be with him and not asking any questions ?

she was n't stupid , she should have asked questions , been curious at least .

she 'd never asked any questions about his past , about his family .

he 'd never offered and she had n't wanted to pry into issues he did n't offer information about .

looking back , she should have demanded answers to things that did n't make sense .

she should have refused to enter into an intimate relationship with a man she did n't fully know .

but at the time , she 'd been overwhelmed by everything about him and the way he made her feel .

she sank down into the one of the kitchen chairs , lowering her head onto her palm , trying to calm down enough to go back to work .

out of the corner of her eye she saw the limousine pull away and drive out of the parking lot and thought she even saw two dark suvs in front of and following the long car .

yet another mystery , she thought .

wiping the tears away , she pushed herself up and forced herself to walk down to mary 's office .

`` is payroll ready yet ? ''

she asked , trying for an even tone .

mary did a double take when she saw siri 's face .

`` what 's wrong ? ''

siri shook her head and smiled .

`` nothing .

i just had a bad memory but it 's gone now .

everything is fine . ''

they went through the payroll issues , but siri 's mind was stuck on malik and his parting words .

what did he mean about not being finished ?

did he mean that he was n't gone ?

it did n't matter if he decided that things were n't finished between the two of them .

she was n't some powerless college kid just hanging out waiting for her big shot boyfriend to sweep into town and pick her up .

she was a business woman with things to do , children to raise and ... . oh no !

what would malik do if he realized that jacob and samuel were his sons ?

had n't the paper mentioned something about him not being able to conceive with his first wife ?

what would he do if he realized he had a ready made heir already set to be trained ?

`` i need to go , mary , '' siri said quickly , fighting the panic that was threatening to overwhelm her and left the office .

`` wait , did you need me to sign anything ? ''

`` here , '' mary replied , pointing to the end of month payroll statement .

she pointed out several items that needed siri 's approval , explained a few other issues and then nodded when all was signed at the bottom , allowing the payroll to be disbursed .

normally they went through the statement more thoroughly , but siri simply could n't focus on the numbers today .

not after malik 's visit !

`` thanks mary .

i 'm sorry i was so distracted today . ''

`` no problem .

we can go over the details tomorrow . ''

`` thanks , '' siri said and rushed out of the building .

she was a little earlier than normal to pick up her boys , but not abnormally so .

sometimes she would pick them up and just go to the park .

she 'd do that today , just to spend some time with them , to make sure they were okay which was completely ridiculous except that she knew of the imminent threat to their compact little world .