the thought of malik finding out about them was so terrifying , she could n't even conceive of what would happen .

he needed heirs , and apparently , there was a great deal of pressure for him to marry immediately and have sons to carry on his legacy and the prosperity of malik 's reign .

but the man did n't know that he already had two perfectly healthy children , who were absolutely wonderful and spirited and intelligent and ... . no , she would n't allow them to be taken away from her .

he 'd rejected them four years ago , he could just go have children with someone other female !

let those kids be his heir , away from everything that was normal to them .

she did n't want her boys to have that kind of royal pressure and to have their future choices taken away from them at the tender age of three .

she wanted them to be raised with hugs and kisses and the fear of asking out a girl for the first time , of football games and soccer and she might even torture them with piano lessons .

she automatically stopped at a red light and rested her head on the hard , unforgiving steering wheel .

was she doing the right thing ?

if the roles were reversed , how would she feel if he hid her children from him ?

it did n't matter if it was a ridiculous argument , she knew exactly how she would feel if her children were hidden from her knowledge .

she 'd be furious and livid and would feel betrayed .

she could n't do that to him .

hiding his sons ' existence was the wrong thing to do .

he 'd rejected her letter , but how could he have known what was in the letter ?

she could n't use that weak argument any longer , it was n't fair .

especially after she 'd coldly rejected so many of his letters first and without wanting any explanation from him .

the issue was pointless anyway .

whether he had rejected the letter or not , there were certain moral issues that rose above petty rejections or arguments of who rejected whom first .

it was his flesh and blood and he deserved to know the truth .

she 'd had no way of contacting him before , but she could n't even pull that point off the charts now that he was here , in chicago and trying to see her .

a horn honked behind her and she jumped , looking around and trying to figure out where she was .

the light had turned green and she quickly accelerated through the intersection , making her way carefully to the preschool building without really thinking about the directions .

thankfully , she did n't cause an accident or get into one .

at least , she did n't think so .

at this point , she was n't completely sure what was going on around her since thoughts of her boys being taken away from her so they could be trained to be royal beings rolled through her mind in a nightmarish tableau of heartbreak and loneliness , of having no say in how her boys were raised once malik took them away from her .

she forced a smile as she passed by the classrooms , nodding as politely as possible to the teachers as she walked in , but inside , her heart was breaking .

this might be the last , normal night she 'd have with these little guys .

she 'd call malik tonight and give him the news .

he 'd probably want to meet them .

and she was sure her little boys would want to meet their father .

she stopped and watched her guys through the window , smiling as they laughed about something only they could hear since the two of them were sitting next to each other , building again with their curly haired heads bent towards each other .

goodness , they loved building things , she thought with a heart full of love .

jacob looked up and glanced through the classroom observation window , his chubby face breaking out into a huge smile when he spotted her .

he immediately jabbed sam who repeated the process .

two peas in a pod , she thought and pushed away from the wall and walked in , loving their exuberant greeting as they both threw themselves into her arms , their strong little arms wrapping around her neck .

yes , this was all worth all the frustrations of being a single mother of twins .

completely worth every moment !

and , sadly , she could n't deny malik this happiness either .

they were rational , intelligent human beings .

between the two of them , they could figure out an equitable compromise that would be good for the boys as well as for the other parties involved .

surely there was a way to work something out , she told herself with what little optimism she could muster .

surely there could be a sharing agreement set up .

she almost started crying at the idea of these two little fellows not being with her every night , safely tucked into their toddler beds where she knew they were safe .

malik would keep them from harm , she was sure .

he might be a rat in the romance department , but these little guys represented the future of his country .

he would n't let anything happen to them .

she gathered their preschool bags , spoke briefly with their favorite teacher about the day , then walked them out to the car before tucking them up in their car seats for the short drive home .