she would call malik as soon as they were settled for the night , she told herself .

after they were tucked in , she would give him the news , they would talk , they would figure out how to move forward and arrange for a meeting with him and the boys .

he might not believe they were hers , she knew .

and if he rejected them , all the better .

she would then have done her part and tried to do the right thing .

if he tossed it back in her face , she would be ecstatically happy to have her sons all to herself once again .

when they walked into the house and both of them raced to the backyard , jumping up and down , begging her to let them play outside for just a little bit longer before dinner , she relented with a sigh .

as she watched them roll around and play on their toddler sized swing and slide , she picked up her cell phone , deciding to get the pain over with as quickly as possible .

since malik had called her earlier , she had his phone number in her cell phone .

she just had to press the re-dial button and she 'd be connected to him .

her finger shook as she pressed the button , wishing she could ignore what was right and just keep her precious boys all to herself .

she listened carefully as malik 's end rang once , twice , then went to voice mail .

it was n't his voice , but a computer generated message that asked the caller to leave a message .

`` malik , this is siri .

i ... we ... there 's something you should know , '' she started off awkwardly .

`` i mean , we need to talk .

i need to tell you something . ''

she took a deep breath and closed her eyes .

`` i 'm sorry .

i 'm making a mess of this .

would you mind calling me back ? ''

she left her cell phone number , then felt silly since he already had her cell phone number , which was exactly why she had his number .

as soon as he listened he would think she 'd become a complete , rambling idiot !

needing to end the horrible conversation quickly , she finished with , `` anyway , thanks and i look forward to hearing from you . ''

she pressed the end button , then tossed her phone into her purse , feeling ridiculous for sounding so insecure and tentative .

and why in the world had she said she was 'looking forward ' to hearing from him ?

she was dreading the next time she heard his voice , wanting to toss the cell phone into the freezer or oven just so she would n't be able to hear it when he called back .

then again , what was she supposed to say ?

'would you mind stopping by at your convenience to meet your two sons ?

yes , they 're twins , three years old and adorable .

no , you ca n't take them away from me either . '

siri did n't really feel like that was the best way to break the news to an ex-boyfriend about his current fatherhood .

with a sigh , she watched jacob as he climbed the ladder on the small play set she had set up in her fenced in back yard .

the boys loved that set , thought it was so wonderful but already they were growing too big for it .

sam slid down the two foot slide , laughing at the bottom as if it were a joke .

and then jacob slid down , right on top of sam causing both of them to laugh even harder .

they were large for their age , always had been .

she remembered the doctor 's expression during each prenatal visit when he charted their growth , impressed with how quickly they were growing in utero .

it was n't such a surprise to siri .

she knew how large and tall malik was and her sons were showing every sign of taking after him in both brawn and height .

as she watched them laughing and playing , their rambunctious activities made her laugh .

she was supposed to be making dinner and settling down for the evening but she chuckled at their antics , not wanting to slow them down by bringing them inside when they were having so much fun .

what mother would n't want to keep these little tykes in her life ?

knowing they would be famished after all this activity , she pulled herself together and looked around in her pantry to figure out what to make for dinner .

she got out the pasta and whipped up their favorite meal of macaroni and cheese for dinner , adding in hot dogs which they loved , even if they did n't know the hot dogs were actually made out of tofu .

when it was finished , she called them inside and told them to go wash their hands .

when they were all cleaned up , they each climbed into their chairs and looked at the meal .

`` mac and cheese ?

what 's the special occasion ? ''

sam asked , already looking into the casserole dish to smell the cheddar cheese .

`` you know , billy gets the mac and cheese in the box but this is much better , '' he declared and jumped out of his chair to give her a hug .

siri accepted the hug with relish , then picked him up and plopped him back down into his chair .

`` let 's say grace , '' she admonished before sam could grab the handle of the spoon to serve himself .