the warning was twofold .

she wanted them to be grateful for their food , but she also knew that his little hand would dig the spoon in deep , and there was the strong possibility that he would fling some of the casserole onto the wall behind him .

experience had taught her well .

both boys bowed their heads while siri gave thanks , then they licked their lips as she took the serving spoon and ladled the mac and cheese onto their plates .

`` real hot dogs ? ''

sam asked .

`` do they look real ? ''

she questioned right back at them , surprised that they were asking .

they continuously surprised her about what they 'd figured out .

jacob laughed and shook his head .

`` not real , '' he declared .

sam nodded his head and popped one into his mouth .

`` tofu dogs , '' he claimed .

`` we get real hot dogs at school . ''

siri did n't correct him that they only served turkey hot dogs at school .

what they did n't know , would n't hurt them .

she kept checking her cell phone for messages , wondering if she 'd missed the call from malik .

in the past , she had n't bothered him unless she knew he was on his way to her .

so she was n't sure what time lapse was normal when she needed him to call her back .

bath time passed by , their teeth brushed , their cute little bodies tucked into fleece pajamas and both of them snuggled into their beds in the room right across from hers .

and still no word from malik .

it was relatively early in the evening , only eight o'clock , but she 'd called him two hours ago .

surely he 'd gotten the message by now .

a small part of her hoped that the phone he had used earlier in the day to call her was n't really his .

that it was just a throw away that he used sometimes when he needed a phone .

that would let her off the hook and she could keep her boys all to herself , guilt free .

the dishes were finally done , the cozy kitchen cleaned up and her family room all straightened out by the time she sat down and pulled her work bag towards her .

she was propped up on her overstuffed chair , and it occurred to her that this was almost the same position she was in when malik had walked into her apartment four years ago .

her tiny little cottage style house was bigger , but not by much .

the family room contained barely enough space for her sofa and two chairs , but this furniture was of much better quality than what she 'd had back then .

and this time around , she had a wall separating the kitchen from her family room , which was extremely nice .

it was funny how things changed , and yet they still remained excruciatingly familiar .

chapter 4 she was concentrating on reconciling the current inventory with the recent shipments when a hard , loud knock sounded on her front door .

she looked up with worried eyes and noticed that it was only eight thirty , but she could n't imagine who would be at her door even at this time of the night .

her neighbors were wonderful , but they also knew that her boys went to sleep early at night , and they would definitely call before stopping by for any reason .

she peered warily through the security peep hole and her nervous breath caught in her throat .

standing on her front stoop , looking exceptionally gorgeous , was malik in a pair of perfectly pressed , casual slacks and a sexy , leather jacket .

with a deep breath , she opened the door slowly , wishing she could just ignore him completely and keep her children to herself .

do the right thing , she told herself sternly .

`` i thought you would call me back , '' she said in lieu of a greeting as she leaned against her front door as if it could somehow protect her from the impact this man continued to have on her .

an impact she resented now and wished she could banish from her life .

he put a hand to her door and gently pressed the door open wider .

once he was inside , he closed the door himself , looking at her with desire in his eyes .

`` i did n't want to wait .

i got your message and came over . ''

she quickly retreated behind one of the large chairs , a new defense that she also realized was weak as he came closer and she could smell his subtle , spicy aftershave .

`` how did you know where i lived ? ''

she asked nervously , wishing her voice was stronger .

but he was looking at her as if he wanted to ... .well , taste her , she thought as she watched his eyes look at her trembling mouth .

he moved slowly around the chair , never taking his eyes from his prey as he relentlessly stalked her .

`` same resources that found your cell phone earlier . ''

she stepped back and shook her head .

`` i really do n't like those resources . ''

he stepped closer , his tall body crowding her and she stepped back , wanting space from the heat emanating from his body .

`` they 're good resources . ''

`` they 're nosy resources that have invaded my privacy , '' she said but this came out as a whisper .

her eyes moved over him , noting his strong jaw , shoulders that were impossibly broad and muscled and a chest that tapered to slim hips and long , powerful legs .