`` you 're beautiful , '' he said and this time he was less than an inch from her .

his hand came up , a finger gently caressing her cheek .

`` i 'm going t kiss you . ''

`` please do n't , '' she croaked out .

she tried to turn her head , but his finger stopped her , somehow holding her still while his head slowly , ever so slowly descended towards hers .

`` i do n't think i can stop myself , '' he replied and covered her mouth with his .

she gasped and his tongue took full advantage of the possibility , moving inside , tasting her , teasing her to participate in the kiss .

she tried for all of two seconds to resist .

but those feelings that had been there four years ago were actually more powerful now .

he was more powerful , his ability to lure her in complete .

she wished she were stronger , and then she did n't wish for anything except having his arms around her , his body pressing against hers the way he used to do for her .

she wanted him too desperately for anything intelligent to contradict .

with a moan , she wrapped her arms around his neck , her hands gripping his shoulders to pull him closer to her .

he quickly complied , his hands moving from her head down her body , skimming against her back and her waist to reacquaint himself with her once again .

and she loved it , reveled in his touch and his scent and the way he felt against her .

it had been four years since any man had touched her like this and , truth be told , he was the only one who had ever tempted her to want this .

he lifted her up and pressed her against him , his hands taking control but siri needed no prompting .

her legs automatically wrapped around his waist and she pressed against him , wishing their clothing was n't in the way .

next thing she knew , she was falling but his arms were still securely holding her .

when she felt the mattress underneath her back , she almost sighed with relief , but that 's when he lifted himself up slightly and pulled her sweater over her head , his heated gaze looking at her with the red , lace bra .

she held her breath , praying that he would n't just look but she should n't have worried because his hand smoothed up her stomach , cupping her right breast in his long , strong fingers , his thumb rubbing the already taut nipple and making her body flinch with the need to feel him , her legs pulling him closer and her arms reaching for him as well .

she pushed the jacket off his shoulders , then started working on the buttons of his shirt , but she could n't make them open fast enough .

in the end , he stood up and unbuttoned the top two buttons , then simply pulled the dress shirt over his head , tossing it behind him before coming back .

he took her hand and pressed her palm against his stomach and siri did n't need any other invitation .

her fingers had always loved to touch him , to feel his heated skin underneath her fingertips .

he inhaled sharply when her fingers moved lower , running along the top edge of his slacks , slipping underneath before coming back out and working on his belt buckle .

he grabbed both of her hands , pulling them out to the sides as he bent to take her nipple in his mouth , sucking hard before gentling , then circling the hard peak with his tongue .

`` take it off , '' she gasped , begging him with both the words and her body to move the bra out of the way .

she did n't want anything between his tongue and her breast , needing all of him like she 'd never needed anyone else .

`` with pleasure , '' he said with a husky laugh and his hands quickly unlatched the snap and pulled off the red lace , tossing it behind him before bringing his head back down to suckle her again , pulling her nipple into his mouth until she cried out for relief .

`` is this all you are going to do ? ''

she asked , taunting him with words since he was still holding her hands out to the sides .

she could n't move and could n't make him go faster .

she was trapped and wanted him inside her so desperately she was writhing on the bed , her legs rubbing against his side in an attempt to push him over the edge so he would take her , make her whole like he 'd done in the past .

he looked down at her and she could see that he was working hard to restrain himself , to go slower for her .

she shook her head .

`` take your time later , '' she begged , licking her lips in desperate need .

he watched her and tried for control , but when she arched against him , pressing herself against his erection and showing him that she was ready for him , he did n't want to hold back .

`` please malik , i 'm already begging ! ''

he tried for a moment longer , but when she pressed against him again , he cursed under his breath and stood up , releasing her hands and stepping back so he could take off his slacks .

siri did n't hesitate either .

she sat up and slid her own slacks off , too far gone by this point for any sort of common sense to enter into the scene .