she needed him , he was here and he wanted her .

those were the only things she understood .

`` i 'm sorry , '' he groaned when he came back to her , pressing her back against the mattress and pulling her legs back against his waist .

he reached down , his fingers seeking the soft folds and finding her more than ready for him .

`` i 've missed you so much ! ''

he said a moment before he pushed himself into her , pulling one of her legs over his shoulder so he could go deeper , press her harder .

as he moved inside her , siri reveled in how wonderful it felt , how whole and perfect he felt .

she hated the fact but she 'd never wanted this from any other man .

and then he sped up and her thoughts flew out the window .

she desperately needed ... .she reached up and held on , knowing that he 'd never let her down and arched into his thrusts .

just when she did n't think she could take anymore , he reached down , his fingers pressing against her and she splintered outward , every cell in her body exploding with pleasure so intense she was n't sure if she cried out or simply cried .

she just hung onto his strong body , her whole self becoming a part of him in those moments .

it took a long time , but finally she was able to open her eyes and look around .

what she saw made her blush and wish she could pull back .

but malik had never allowed her any shyness before and he had n't changed in the past four years .

`` do n't do that , '' he said softly , his head dipping down to nibble along her shoulder .

`` do what ? ''

she asked , trying to pull out from underneath him but he was n't having any of that .

he simply shifted his weight to the side and pulled her next to him .

`` you know exactly what , '' he replied and moved lower .

`` i 'll be back , '' he said and pulled himself away from her , moving to the bathroom .

she heard the water running and tried to pull the blanket from the bottom of the bed over her , but he was too fast .

he was already striding back to the bed before she had a chance to even unfold the soft material .

`` i told you not to do that , '' he said with a chuckle and whipped the fabric out of her reach .

`` you mentioned something earlier about going slower , '' he said as his head dipped down .

siri knew he was going to kiss her and she turned her face to the side to avoid that .

she had to stop him , they had to talk but when denied her mouth , he simply took whatever was available .

at that moment , it happened to be her breast which was already sensitive from his previous lovemaking .

when he touched her , she almost sat up in the bed because the feeling was so intense .

he chuckled and moved to the other breast , giving it the same attention .

`` you 're not getting away from me , siri .

i 'm going to enjoy it this time . ''

she tried to move out from underneath him , but at the same time , bringing his head down for more attention .

`` are you saying you did n't enjoy the last go around ? ''

she was n't going to take this laying down , she thought .

just as much as he 'd learned about her body , she had been taught what he liked .

and she fought the intensity of his touch the only way she knew how ; by giving as good as she got .

her fingers slid down his back , moving back up and then down the front of his chest .

he lifted himself a bit higher so she could have better access and siri took advantage of that .

her hands moved down his chest , switching from light , fluttery movements to a more firm touch that told him she meant business .

it was a random path her hands made , until she reached her goal .

as her fingers moved downward , she smiled as she grasped him and heard his sharp intake of breath .

he looked down and watched as her hands smoothed , explored .

when she pressed against him , even the lightest pressure and he was on his back and she smiled .

this was payback time , she thought as her mouth followed the same path her fingers had just traveled while her hands continued to caress his erection , reacquainting herself with his size and length .

she loved the satiny feel of him , the amazing texture and musky , male scent as she kissed and tasted his ridged stomach muscles .

as she moved lower , she could feel his body tense in anticipation and she almost laughed , joyous at the power she had over him at this moment .

she continued to kiss him , her body moving against his legs and she felt his hands in her hair , his fingers massaging her scalp and his whole body went almost rigid with expectation when her mouth hovered over him , not moving , teasing him with her warm breath .

when she finally took him in her mouth , she was thrilled with his groan of pleasure .

her mouth covered him , taking as much of him as she could .

she moved against him , her tongue teasing as she pleasured him the best way she knew .