he only gave her a few moments of that before he sat up , picked her up and literally lifted her over him so she was flat on her back .

`` two can play at that game , '' he growled before he nibbled his way down her body .

his large chest was in the way so she had no defense when his hot mouth covered her core .

he was n't as tentative as she was either .

he knew what he was about and was relentless as he played her body like a violin , listening to her gasps and moans , feeling the tension in her muscles but not letting her have the release she needed .

each time she came close , he 'd bring her down , then ramp her up again until she was begging him once again .

siri could n't believe how well he could control her , how intense he could make her feel .

`` please , '' she cried out , her fingers in his hair and her body arched against his mouth in a desperate attempt to find the release .

`` you 're so beautiful , '' he said before he flicked his tongue , his fingers moving against her and letting her climax while he watched with fascination .

when she relaxed against the mattress once again , he lifted himself up , looking down at her and she glared back .

`` you did that on purpose ! ''

she sighed , trying to be angry , but not sure she had the energy to get to that emotion .

`` yes .

i did .

and i 'm going to do it again , '' he said with a low , powerful tone of voice .

siri shook her head , not sure she could handle another wave like the previous two .

`` malik , please , no ... '' she started to say then he slid into her warmth and she sighed with how good he felt , how stretched and full she felt now .

and how ready she was , once again , to experience this man 's magic .

as he moved inside her , she found that she was more than ready to take all of him , to ride the intense wave of pleasure .

her body was so primed , so ready she could barely even think or breathe as he took her higher , faster , pounding into her and not giving in until she cried out with her climax .

he followed moments later , holding her close as he too experienced the same feelings .

a long time later , he slid out of her and went to the bathroom once again to clean up .

as she watched him go , she felt both cherished and respected that he 'd had the foresight to use protection .

in this case , she had n't been prepared and was sincerely grateful that he had been .

which raised the question of why he was so prepared , she thought as she rolled to her side , pulling the blanket over herself .

this time he allowed it and she marveled at how sexy he looked when he came out of the bathroom .

he leaned against the door frame , looking at her in the bed and she shivered , knowing that he was thinking about round three .

that man did n't really slow down , she knew from experience .

even when she thought her body was completely sated and there was no way he could get her going again , a touch or a look and she was once again primed and ready for him .

`` i need a drink of water , '' siri said , her voice hoarse and her body not able to move easily .

`` i 'll get you something , '' he said and pushed away from the wall .

but she stopped him with a touch to his bare shoulder .

`` you do n't know where anything is , '' she said and slipped out of the bed , pulling her robe over her before she stood up and belted it closed .

`` if you think that 's going to stop me when you come back , you need to re-evaluate your methods , '' he said and walked to stand in front of her , his hands resting on her slender hips , already moving up and down against the soft fabric of her robe .

`` malik , about what just happened ... we ca n't do this , '' she said awkwardly , wanting to step away from him but he just smelled so good .

she knew she was sending mixed messaged which was n't fair .

he laughed softly and shook his head .

`` siri , we just did 'this ' .

and we 're going to do it again and again . ''

`` no , '' she said and pushed her hair behind her ear .

`` we ca n't .

i need to ... '' `` i know what you said on the message .

that you needed to talk .

but it seems as if we have trouble talking right now .

why do n't you go get some water and we 'll try to talk a bit later . ''

`` no , we need to talk outside of the bedroom .

now .

i mentioned on the message that i needed to tell you something important . ''

he chuckled and shook his head .

`` siri , right now , i 'm honestly having trouble letting you leave just to get a glass of water .

do you truly think that not having a bed in our vicinity is going to keep my hands off of you ? ''