he paused and sighed , shaking his head as he said , `` you 're even more beautiful now than you were four years ago .

there 's something about you that 's more alluring , more ... '' he looked her up and down , his dark eyes taking in her larger breasts , her hips that were rounder , sexier .

`` i do n't really know what it is , but i ca n't get enough of you . ''

she stepped back and opened the bedroom door .

`` i 'll be back , '' she said , her mind frantically trying to figure out how to tell him about jacob and samuel , needing to give him the news but each time she tried , he changed the subject .

`` we really have to talk , malik .

this was a mistake , you have to leave . ''

she tried to be firm , but could n't look at him while she said the words .

he was reaching for his slacks as he shook his head .

`` it was n't a mistake , siri .

i can explain what happened four years ago .

just go get your water and we 'll talk . ''

siri sighed because he was n't moving quickly to get dressed or meet her in another room .

he should have looked ridiculous standing there in her bedroom with all the flowers and delicate items , but the decor only showed off how truly masculine he was .

he was so confident in that masculinity that the flowers did n't even bother him .

she doubted he preferred the decor , but it did n't make him cringe .

she 'd give him points for that , she thought as she walked out of her bedroom .

she did n't really need water , although she went into her small kitchen and reached for a large glass in the cabinet anyway .

she really just needed some space to try and figure out how to tell malik about his sons , to find the right words that would give him the news without creating any hurt or resentment .

siri leaned against the counter , staring into the darkness outside her window .

how should she start off the conversation ?

she could n't just come out and say it .

this was something that probably needed a bit of an explanation .

but if she explained , then he might explain why he 'd left her that weekend to marry the other woman .

she really did n't want to hear his explanations .

she could n't imagine any reason she 'd like that would excuse that kind of a betrayal .

now that she thought about it , maybe it was n't such a big deal .

he 'd gone off and married a woman that was more appropriate to his station in life .

a woman that was probably politically connected and therefore more suitable .

the man had an image to uphold and she had no illusions about her appearance .

she was just an ordinary working woman and at , the time , she had n't even finished school .

the woman he 'd married had been beautiful and confident , poised and sophisticated .

she had probably been a much bigger help to his rule than she could ever be .

four years ago , she had been emotionally invested in the relationship , but obviously malik had thought she was just a weekend fling , the kind of woman who was available whenever he was with no strings attached .

siri had been the only part of the relationship that had n't understood the rules .

that thought hurt and she turned around , her mind spinning with the possibilities of how to tell him her news and none of them were a good start to how she was to explain that malik had two wonderful , intelligent sons .

with a sigh , she shook her head and bit her lip in frustration .

she was procrastinating and she needed to get back there to her bedroom , tell him to get dressed and bring him back out to the living room where she could have a conversation with him without the distraction of her bed .

siri opened the fridge and ... .screamed at the top of her lungs !

in the darkness , all she saw were little things jumping out .

everywhere !

blobs were jumping from the top shelf of the fridge , the bottom shelf , seemed to be crawling out of the drawers and on the condiment jars .

one of the blobs jumped towards her and she screamed again , unsure of what was going on and trying to figure it out in her sex and nighttime muddled brain .

when one of the blobs came closer , she jumped up onto the kitchen table and pulled her feet up , screeching as the jumping things , which now looked like larger and faster blobs , were bouncing and crawling all over her kitchen floor .

she was just about to scream again when the overhead light flipped on and her body was picked up and slammed between malik 's hard , muscular back and the wall of her kitchen .

adding to the chaos , jacob in his red fleece pajamas and sam in his blue ones , came rushing out to the kitchen , their curly hair messed up and their tiny little eyes blinking in the bright light of the kitchen .

`` do n't hurt them ! ''

sam screamed and immediately bent down to protect his treasures , which siri now realized were dozens of little frogs , all of whom , she suspected , had been stored in her fridge in the shoe box that was laying open on the top shelf .