her only two clues were the fact that she never , ever kept shoe boxes in her fridge and she could n't fathom any reason to poke holes in a shoe box , except if one , or two little boys , wanted to keep something alive in said shoe box .

she relaxed for all of two seconds before the adrenaline that had been coursing through her body reacted to the release of the fear .

`` samuel martin !

are you telling me that you stored your frogs in my refrigerator ? ''

she pushed malik out of the way and came to stand in front of him , hands on her hips as she glared down at her son who was carefully scooping up his frogs and gently putting them back into the shoe box he 'd had them in previously .

jacob came to his brother 's defense , but he was also delighted by the middle of the night spectacle .

`` they like the cold , momma .

they were too warm outside so i had to do something . ''

`` please explain to me why you thought my fridge was the something that you came up with . ''

unfortunately , jacob was no longer looking at all the frogs jumping around .

he was entranced by the sight behind her and , adorable , brave little guy that he was , he knew there was an imminent threat to his precious mother and he was determined to rise to her rescue .

`` do n't hurt my momma ! ''

he yelled out , adding a whole new dimension to the chaos .

his chubby little hands were fisted at his sides and he was in obvious fighting mode with a clear line of sight to malik .

`` jacob , '' she started to say , only to turn around and glance at malik .

all she saw was a completely naked man with a knife in his hand , staring at two little boys with a stunned expression on his face .

`` do n't just stand there , malik , go put some clothes on ! ''

he looked down at her , then back at the boys , then down at himself .

something must have gotten through because he looked back at the boys and nodded curtly before moving off to the bedroom .

while bending down to try and catch the disgusting , jumping blobs , she glanced up at her son , trying to figure out why he was n't bending down to help .

instead , he was glaring at the door where the strange man had disappeared , obviously trying to figure out why the stranger had gone into his mother 's room .

`` jacob , stop it !

you 're not going to fight that man so stop acting belligerent and help me catch these horrible creatures , '' she commanded in as gentle a voice as possible under the circumstances .

jacob did n't obey , but instead followed malik with his eyes , glaring daggers at the naked man who , in his mind , was a threat to his mother , the only security he knew in his little world .

when malik was gone , jacob put his arm around siri 's shoulders and patted her back .

`` it 's okay , momma .

he 's gone now . ''

siri would have laughed at how cute her little man was , how proud he was to have protected his mother , but she was still frantically trying to get the frogs back into the box .

they really had n't enjoyed being in the box which had been in the cold fridge and now they were not cooperating when she and sam tried to get them back into their 'jail ' .

nor would she , siri thought .

she would n't like being put back into the fridge , so she 'd be trying to pop out of any box that might go back into cold storage too .

`` jacob , please help me , '' she groaned as she picked up yet another one and dumped it into the box .

`` not like that momma .

you have to be gentle , '' sam explained as he carefully caught one and put it in the box .

unfortunately , the spry little devil just shot back up again .

malik reappeared , dressed in his slacks and shirt once again .

with efficient hands , he picked up several that were escaping into her living room , and captured three more in his path to the box .

he then dumped them all inside and covered it while he found the others .

`` is that all there is ? ''

he asked , looking sternly at sam .

sam looked up at the big man and nodded , his mouth hanging open as he realized that someone was in his kitchen that might not be as nice as his mother .

with a sigh of relief , siri picked up the box , careful not to drop it even though the disgusting things were still popping around .

`` sam , these are going outside and i do n't ever want to see any kind of creature in my fridge , ever again .

do you understand ? ''

`` but momma , they needed ... '' she immediately sliced the air with her hand , cutting off any explanation he might have .

this was a non-negotiable issue in her mind .

`` no !

the fridge is not to keep anything cool other than food .

no excuses and no getting around that rule . ''

he sighed , realizing the no-getting-around-mom tone of voice .

`` yes , momma . ''

`` and jacob , stop glaring .