it 's almost midnight .

both of you need to get back into bed . ''

`` is he leaving ? ''

jacob asked , still glaring at malik despite siri 's admonition for him to stop .

`` yes .

but he and i have some things to talk about .

the sooner both of you are in bed and asleep , the sooner he will leave . ''

she shuffled both of them off to their room , tucked them in and gave each of them a soft kiss .

`` go to sleep , '' she ordered gently .

since they 'd never been up this late , she was n't sure if they were too wound up to fall back to sleep , or if they would fall to sleep immediately now that things were quiet once again .

she turned and found malik standing in the doorway , his arms crossed over his chest as he looked down at the boys in their identical toddler beds .

without a word , she followed him out to her living room .

`` would you give me just a moment to pull on some clothes ? ''

she asked softly .

chapter 5 malik could only nod and he watched with rising fury as she walked down the hallway , closing the door behind her .

as if that would stop him , he thought .

he could n't believe that she 'd kept something like this from him .

she had children ?

she 'd loved another man ?

he was n't sure about the age of those little boys , but they had to be about three or four years old .

so she 'd met someone almost immediately after he 'd left .

she had n't waited around very long , had she ?

had he been wrong about their relationship ?

he would have sworn that she 'd loved him all those years ago but maybe he 'd only been hoping that were the case .

she 'd obviously moved on after he 'd left .

and to think , for four years , he 'd felt guilty about the way things had ended , had tried hard to contact her again in order to explain things and try to make her understand why he 'd married his ex-wife .

when she came back out , he was pacing the tiny expanse of her living room , so beside himself with rage that he was actually ready to kick the furniture out of his way to make more room .

she watched him carefully for a moment , realizing he was angrier than she 'd ever seen him .

`` so now you know , '' she said and sat down on the chair , her hands on her knees as she braced for the questions .

`` how long ? ''

he demanded .

siri was n't sure what he was asking .

`` how long before they were born ? ''

`` yes , fine !

that 's as good a start as anything else . ''

`` they were born march twelfth , just over three years ago . ''

he quickly did the math and almost exploded .

`` so were you with someone while you were with me ? ''

he asked , bending down and leaning over her so she had to push back against the cushions .

she looked up at him , confused .

`` excuse me ? ''

`` yes !

you should excuse yourself !

how dare you be with some other man while you and i were ... '' `` some other man ? ''

she interrupted , her temper starting to increase as she absorbed the accusation he was tossing at her .

`` malik , are you saying that i cheated on you with someone else ? ''

she pushed him back by his shoulders , standing up and glaring right back at him .

`` are you going to say that you waited until after i left ?

how long ?

maybe a week ?

if that ?

those boys are too young for you to have had much time in between me and the next guy you slept with . ''

she gasped .

`` how dare you ! ''

she poked him in the stomach , wanting to hit him but trying to be nice despite the disgusting accusations he was making .

`` i 've never been with any other man but you , but now i 'm wondering why i even bothered .

how could you even think something like that about me ? ''

`` because ... '' he gestured behind him to where the boys were sleeping .

and then he hesitated .

she was spitting mad and waited for the information to sink in .

`` exactly ! ''

she snapped when the realization dawned on him that those were his sons asleep in the other room .

she noticed the tension in his shoulders fall off and his whole body almost drooped into the chair behind him with the understanding that he was their father .

she tried to bank her temper now that he was getting a better understanding of the situation , but it was hard .

this was just another slap in the face after all she 'd gone through previously with , and without , this man .

`` those are your sons in that room , the same ones who were about to fight you in my kitchen . ''

he seemed breathless and all the anger was gone .

he shook his head , trying to wrap his mind around the news .

`` i did n't know ... '' `` of course you did n't know .

because you rejected my letter when i tried to tell you , '' she said and reached behind her to the large desk filled with all her important papers .