sarila watched as the body guard immediately moved forward , ready to do the slightest bidding of kasar .

she quickly backed up , looking for an escape route as the man with bulging biceps closed in on her .

`` no !

what are you doing ? ''

`` i told you .

we must talk .

if you do n't wish to talk , then we must finish this business and be done with it . ''

`` fine ! ''

she yelled when the man was less than five feet away from her .

`` if you want to talk , we can go back to my apartment .

its close ; only about five blocks away .

but we 're not getting married , '' she said with more confidence than she felt as the man stopped in his tracks , waiting for a signal from kasar before proceeding .

`` my intentions exactly , '' he snapped and motioned for her to precede him .

sarila finished pulling her shoes on , ignoring the resentment that almost choked her .

this was one of the reasons she 'd run away six years ago .

she 'd been determined that she would not be controlled by a man , especially this one .

it was infuriating that he could so easily bend her to his will with simple brute strength and she thought quickly of a way to outmaneuver him .

an idea formed in her mind as she saw her motorcycle about a hundred feet away .

could she make it ?

would he stop her ?

she did n't care about the consequences if she did n't make it .

she had to try .

there was no way she would allow herself to be bound to him .

it was a matter of personal pride and emotional survival .

having made the decision , she calculated the distance .

two more steps , then she 'd run .

one , two ... .taking a deep breath , sarila palmed the key to her motorcycle and ran full out , her feet digging into the soft sand as she pushed herself harder and faster to get out of kadar 's reach .

her breathing was hard but she did n't look back , afraid that it might slow her down or scare her too much .

ignoring the helmet strapped to the back and the yells behind her , she threw her leg over the machine , slid the key into the ignition and gunned the engine .

as soon as the motor roared to life , she floored the accelerator , speeding off down the street and kicking up tiny pebbles in her wake .

she heard someone yell behind her but she ignored it and sped off , her cover up skirt and her waist length black hair flaring out behind her .

she looked back as she turned the corner that would lead to her apartment .

kasar was standing on the beach , hands on his hips as he watched her ride away .

his body guards were n't as calm though .

as she turned the corner , she saw them all running toward the black , menacing suv parked behind the limousine , hurrying to follow in her wake .

she figured she had less than five minutes before they caught up with her .

she increased the speed and drove the two miles back to her apartment .

chapter 2 once in the relative safety of her apartment complex , she sprinted up the stairs , her breathing coming hard and the panic slowly rising as the seconds ticked by .

grabbing a duffel bag , she crammed some clothes inside , not even caring what they were .

glancing at the clock , she ignored the rest of her clothes , ignoring the toiletries and makeup in her desperate need to escape .

she only took another second to grab her purse which contained her wallet , then dashed back out the door .

right into a solid brick wall in the form of kasar .

`` oomph , '' she said inadvertently as she tried to regain her balance in the hallway .

kasar ignored her gasp of fear and stared down at her .

after a long moment , he walked forward , forcing her to back up through her door .

his eyes looking down at her were furious and a muscle twitched on his jaw as he took a deep breath , obviously striving for patience .

`` that was very naughty of you , sarila .

why the rush ? ''

sarila backed up quickly , worried about being in his arms for two reasons .

she was nervous because she 'd run away and he was probably angry about that .

she was more terrified of her reaction to his closeness .

despite her fear of him , her body reacted to his male scent .

it was earthy with just a little spice .

it invaded her nose and tempted her , as did the firm muscles underneath her hands .

backing farther into the room so she would n't be touching him anymore , she searched for some way to calm him down while at the same time , wracking her brain for another escape route .

there was no other alternative in her mind .

this was the man she 'd thought herself in love with as a teenager .

he was half the reason she 'd run away from her home and family after seeing him kissing another woman in the garden .

her jealousy had been so uncontrollable , she 'd run from the garden crying .

wringing her hands together and stumbling over furniture as she walked backwards into her apartment , she tried to reason with him or at least appeal to his mercy .