she jumped and almost lost her own box which contained a perfectly cooked omelet with gooey cheese and lots of grilled vegetables .

`` by the way , we 're not through with that original discussion from last night , '' he said and sat down at the table between the boys , but not before he chuckled over the blush that pinkened her cheeks .

the three males sat at the table , her sons asking malik questions about where he was from , what it was like in duban , why he lived there instead of here , would they ever be able to visit duban and would the people there like them if they came .

the questions were amazing and she could n't believe how much knowledge her sons had acquired about desert life and the various parts of the world .

when they 'd eaten all they could of their pancake animals , the three of them wandered outside and malik introduced them to the body guards , explaining what they were doing and how they should always be in sight of their guards .

this was an area siri had n't anticipated , and was n't really ready for .

but since he had n't spoken to her about it before , she was n't sure how she could deal with it .

she 'd been alone with her boys for so long , making all the decisions , never having to consult with anyone , this was a new area for her .

it occurred to her that malik had given her a huge compliment .

he was accepting these two boys as his own with only her word that they were his offspring .

she knew others in his country would need a dna test to prove paternity , but malik had just accepted her word .

malik took the boys to the playground down the street and they were both eager to show him all the things they could do .

she followed , watching in amazement as they played and talked with their new father , getting to know him and finding out everything they could about him .

they had simple sandwiches for lunch and malik continued to answer their questions , but siri could tell that the boys were winding down .

normally , they were okay for about an hour after their lunch , but because they had n't slept well last night due to the frog debacle , they were more fatigued that usual .

a part of her wanted to keep them awake , using them as a buffer against being along with malik , but since their eyes were slowly closing as they sat at the table , trying hard to finish their lunch , siri knew that she needed to put them down for their afternoon nap .

malik carried jacob while siri pulled sam up out of his chair and followed behind .

they laid the boys down on their beds and siri pulled a blanket up over each of them , kissing them and lowering the room 's blinds to dim the bright , afternoon sunshine that was streaming through the bedroom windows .

chapter 6 she found malik back out in the living room , looking at their pictures on the wall once again .

`` they 're great kids , siri .

you 've done an amazing job with them . ''

she sat down on the sofa , her heart racing in fear of what he was going to say next .

`` thank you '' , she whispered .

`` marry me , '' he said when he turned around to look at her .

siri jumped and looked up at him .

`` excuse me ? ''

`` i want to marry you . ''

she was already shaking her head .

`` no . ''

`` why not ? ''

`` because ... . '' she shook her head and looked away .

discussions of marriage definitely had n't been in her plan for the day .

in fact , marriage to malik had been banished from her imagination when he 'd married that other woman .

`` malik , this fatherhood thing is all new to you and i sincerely understand that you need an heir , but let 's not jump into a relationship that wo n't work .

there 's time to figure out how to deal with the kids and their future .

you 've known about the boys for less than a day . ''

`` and now that i know about them , they need to be raised in duban . ''

she swung around , hearing the words she 'd been expecting and fearing .

`` no .

they need to be raised right here .

in their home where they can have a normal life . ''

he shook his head .

`` siri , that 's just not possible .

they 're princes . ''

that declaration startled her and she did n't want to acknowledge the truth of that .

`` they are little boys who like building things and exploring their world , discovering new animals and seeing what mischief they can create . ''

he shook his head , refusing to let her stick her head in the sand when it came to their heritage .

`` they are royal princes who will have responsibilities .

some they will like and others they wo n't like . ''

`` and i wo n't let you determine their future when they are only three years old . ''

`` their futures were determined at conception , siri .

and regardless of what you want , they need to be raised in the palace where they can be kept safe .

it does n't matter if you like it or not , i have enemies that will try to harm them .