they are n't safe here .

this house alone is too small to protect them adequately . ''

she crossed her arms over her chest , facing him with defiance and frustration .

`` i 'm not leaving here , '' she stated emphatically .

he sighed and took a step closer , obviously striving for patience in the face of her rejection .

`` how about if we compromise initially ?

let me get them into a more secure house , one that can be guarded better , with a perimeter that is n't bordering on four other peoples ' homes .

the neighbors here are going to start getting suspicious when they see armed guards ... '' her eyes widened and she looked outside , trying to see through the bushes to find the men in her yard .

`` those men are armed ? ''

she interrupted , horrified at the idea of guns or weapons being near her sons .

`` we ca n't have guns in the house , malik ! ''

malik refrained from rolling his eyes , but just barely .

`` of course they are armed , siri .

they ca n't stop bad guys from stealing our kids with a bb gun . ''

siri curled her arms around herself , staring at the pictures on the wall of her tiny little guys .

`` ignore the idea of the weapons siri .

if we can get the boys out of this small house , you wo n't see the guns or any of the other weapons .

after you drop off the boys at school tomorrow , we can take a look at houses in the area .

you can decide on whichever house suits your needs the best .

i wo n't try and influence you at all .

once my guards survey the possibilities , they 'll let us know the options so the final decision will all be yours . ''

she thought about that for a moment .

she could at least go through the motions , could n't she ?

and at least tomorrow she 'd be with a realtor , someone who could ease the tension between her and malik .

with the boys sleeping , she really could use a break from being alone with him right about now .

even arguing with him was wearing her down and she was already exhausted so he was really getting to her .

she gave in without much grace .

she was still resentful of even having to compromise and it seemed as if malik was getting his way once again .

she could n't come up with an alternative that would keep her boys safe though .

`` fine .

i drop the kids off normally about nine o'clock .

i do n't need to get into the office early and i make my own hours . ''

he smiled , his admiration for her business acumen coming through with his gaze .

`` it 's nice being the boss , '' he said , his voice husky and deep .

he leaned forward , invading her space a bit more .

`` i 'm really proud of your success , siri .

i looked into your company and you 've created a great idea with the educational toys .

you have an impressive marketing strategy too . ''

she wished his praise did n't matter .

but hearing him say something like that , it made her heart flutter .

`` i had to be successful .

i had those two guys to look after , '' she said , nodding in the general direction of jacob and sam 's still quiet bedroom .

`` you could have worked for another company .

you did n't need to take the risk of starting off on your own .

i always thought there was something special about you . ''

if she was so special , why had he married someone else ?

why had n't she been special enough for him four years ago ?

those questions rose up to choke her and she turned away from him .

`` well , it all worked out in the end , did n't it ? ''

there was a long silence and she refused to turn around and look at him to determine what he was thinking or feeling .

`` what 's wrong , siri ? ''

`` nothing .

do n't you have some work to do ?

the boys wo n't be awake for another hour .

you can go do ... whatever it is that you do . ''

he did n't respond immediately and she wondered if she 'd hurt his feelings .

but that was ridiculous .

malik did n't have feelings to hurt .

he was superman with a palace to prove it .

`` will you let me take all of you out for dinner ? ''

he asked behind her .

she could almost feel the heat of his body as he stepped closer to her .

she wanted so badly to just lean back and feel his strength against her , for him to wrap his arms around her and hold her close , to tell her that he had n't wanted to marry that other woman .

that she was the only one he 'd ever cared about .

she did n't even hope that he loved her , just that she had meant something to him .

something other than simply a convenient lay when he was in town .

but he had married another woman .

he 'd married her only days after holding her in his arms and making love to her until she cried out with her pleasure .

she 'd needed his touch so much back then and it had been pure hell learning to live without that feeling after his betrayal .