she could n't do that again .

she had to be strong and hold firm about not becoming physical with him .

okay , not being physical with him again .

she could n't let last night happen again .

`` yes .

that would be nice .

the boys would love a dinner night out . ''

`` will you be more comfortable in a specific restaurant ? ''

she shrugged her shoulders and looked away .

`` anything will be fine , '' she stated .

anything that would keep her from being alone with him , she thought .

`` i 'll pick you guys up at six o'clock then ? ''

`` i 'd better meet you somewhere because i have the car seats set up in my car . ''

`` fine .

i 'll meet you back here at six o'clock then . ''

he walked to the door and put his hand to the knob .

`` thank you for today , '' he said before he strode out of her house .

she watched through the front window as he walked to the limousine , his guards falling in around him as soon as he stepped outside of the house .

she was amazed that she 'd never seen that before , but now that she thought about it , they had n't ventured out very often after the first few dates .

she 'd met him at his place , or they 'd travel somewhere to be alone .

it had been a very isolated relationship .

chapter 7 siri was nervous about a dinner out with malik but not because she was afraid she would be alone with him .

she was more anxious about bringing her boys to dinner .

she was n't sure he knew how little boys behaved out in public .

and if they had to wait for their dinner ?

it would be all over .

malik was used to fancy dinners , expensive restaurants , five star chefs with a multi-course meal .

her boys were already hungry by the time he arrived on her doorstep to pick them up , even though she 'd given them a snack only a half hour ago .

`` where are we going ? ''

jacob asked as they climbed into their car seats that had been installed in the limousine .

samuel strapped himself in , but his toddler hands were n't quite up to the task of snapping the clasp of the unfamiliar buckle .

`` i hope it has something good .

momma always takes us to blue bird , '' he quipped , referring to the family friendly restaurant that served great burgers and corn dogs , not exactly the healthiest meal , but it was a fun night out and they only went there occasionally .

`` how about jungle jim 's for dinner ? ''

he asked and was rewarded by dual shriek 's of delight and excitement .

siri breathed a sigh of relief , then blushed when he caught her .

she had to look away when he raised one eyebrow , as if to say , `` did you doubt me ? ''

which she had and she 'd been caught .

the car seats were facing backwards which left the entire forward facing seat for her and malik .

she was glad actually , because that allowed her to make sure there was enough room separating her from malik on the drive , and she pushed herself all the way over to the opposite side , daring him to sit closer .

thankfully , he respected her need for space and did n't push it , but even having two feet of space between them seemed too close .

the drive to the restaurant was short and the boys were eager to get out and see all the crazy animals inside .

the restaurant really was an incredible spectacle , with trees and parrots that would reply to the kids , even if the response did n't make much sense .

there was also a large fish tank against one wall and malik had arranged for their table to be right in the middle of that wall .

the boys were enthralled to be that close to the fish and sharks and eagerly pointed to the various species swimming around .

siri let the boys have the chairs that looked straight onto the fish tank , which meant that she and malik were sitting next to each other on the opposite side .

normally , that was n't a problem , but with him so close , he even put his arm across the back of her chair .

she tried leaning forward , but her back grew tired since she slouched most of the time while working .

the waitress quickly arrived and took their orders .

because there was so much to look at with the fish floating by , it was the easiest dinner out she 'd ever had .

the food even arrived quickly , although siri was n't sure if the boys realized what they were eating since their eyes were watching the fish in front of them instead of on their plates .

`` when you get to be older , i 'll take both of you snorkeling and scuba diving . ''

`` what 's that ? ''

jacob asked .

`` it 's when you get to swim in the ocean and the fish swim right by you .

it feels like you can reach out and touch them , but you really should n't touch anything underwater .

your hands might have something on them that could harm you .

besides , some of them might bite you back , '' he explained with a wink .

their eyes grew round with the wonder of that kind of possibility .