siri took a deep breath and stood still for a moment .

she had to think about this rationally , and do what was best for the boys and not what she wanted to maintain .

besides , she was really just maintaining her little cottage out of sentimental reasons .

she 'd hate it there if anything happened to the boys .

`` okay .

let 's take a look . ''

malik relaxed with her acceptance , had actually been prepared for a longer argument over any possible move .

but thankfully she was being reasonable .

he just hoped she 'd continue to think that way as she walked through the houses his security team had already approved .

he had a plan but knew he 'd have to take it slow .

this little woman was skittish and did n't trust him .

if he were in her place , he would n't trust him either but now it was time to toss all that behind them and move forward .

`` excellent .

thank you for this . ''

he pushed away from the limousine and opened the car door for her .

the driver had already taken the car seats out and stored them somewhere else so there was plenty of room in the back now .

as they drove through unfamiliar streets , malik had to take a phone call which was fine with her .

she did n't know what to talk to him about .

she felt like she was with a stranger , and the mention yesterday that her sons were actually princes was still a huge shock .

they pulled up to an extremely large house with palladian windows , a gate with a security guard standing out front and several other security measures she was stunned to see in place .

it made her wonder what other measures were around that she was n't aware of .

`` where 's the realtor ? ''

siri asked as malik led her into the house , not even needing a key to open the door .

`` and should n't we knock before entering someone else 's house ?

or are they expecting us ? ''

malik chuckled and put a hand to the small of her back .

`` this house has been vacant for about six months .

the previous tenant died suddenly and the children live on the west coast .

they 've been trying to sell it ever since their father died . ''

`` ah .

so it 's a bargain , huh ? ''

she asked tentatively , warily looking up at the ornately decorated pink marble foyer with gold painted statues and a grand staircase that wound around the circular room to a landing at the top complete with black balustrades and more gold statues .

even the ceiling was decorated ala michelangelo style celestial type of art , but siri was n't sure if the painting was actually a work of art or a ... .well , she could n't really describe it and she blushed as she pulled her eyes away .

`` i guess you could say that , '' he replied softly , smothering the chuckle at her not so subtle reaction to the not-so-subtle sexual images on the ceiling .

`` what do you think ? ''

as if he did n't know already , he thought .

siri 's poker face , at least in this case , was non-existent .

she bit her lip and looked upwards again , needing another look at the ceiling to make sure she had n't imagined the scene .

`` it 's a very ... nice house , '' she replied carefully .

in reality , she hated it .

every little detail and golden covered cherub was a disgusting show of pompous wealth and she could n't imagine living in a place like this .

it was beyond pretentious and bordering on obscene both in the blatant wealth and the decorations that seemed somehow seedy and creepy in a sexual way .

`` let 's look around a bit more , '' he said , already able to tell that she did n't want to live here .

`` remember , we can always redecorate . ''

`` do you like this house ? ''

she asked , worried that he really did like the feel and the decor .

she remembered his penthouse from four years ago and had a hard time reconciling his previous taste to the interior of this house .

that place had been decorated with strong , masculine colors like tans and browns or grey and black , but they were still elegant and refined .

this was just ... .tacky and pretentious .

he shook his head as he surveyed the cheap bureau masquerading as a louis xiv marble topped hallway table .

it was n't hard to detect the poor workmanship and the chips already broken out of the white marble .

`` i wo n't be the one redecorating .

feel free to hire a decorator to make the house the way you want it to be in any style that suits you and the boys . ''

she looked around , actually depressed that he 'd brought her to a place like this .

it was so completely outside of her tastes that it seemed like a complete waste of their time .

`` i ca n't afford a decorator , '' she replied , angry that he was being so casual about moving them out of their current home and into a hollowed out bordello .

he took her elbow gently and navigated them through the foyer and into the office , which seemed much more normal with the heavy wooden desk and large , leather chair .

the books on the shelves were well worn , but dusty , indicating that the previous owner had n't used them often .