he looked around , amused that some of the shelves actually had fake books , as in wooden pieces cut out to look like a row of books complete with gilded edges .

`` you wo n't have to worry about money from now on , siri .

i will be taking care of you and the boys . ''

`` i can take care of them well enough ! ''

she snapped back .

she knew she was just being defensive now because malik 's wealth was so far out of her league she could n't even begin to imagine his net worth , much less how she could afford to pay for the security malik considered necessary .

he thought about contradicting her , knowing that the boys would need private tutors as well as many different kinds of instructors .

he planned to have the boys taught how to ride horses , teach them combat training , economics , politics , languages ... anything that would help them survive in the world they were going to be thrown into .

being ruler came with the perks of wealth , but ruling was also a huge pain in the ass !

as they walked into the living room together , siri stopped at the entryway , stunned by what she was seeing in the room .

`` oh my , '' she replied softly .

`` that 's quite an understatement , '' malik replied with a cough of surprise .

siri tried very hard , but staring at a nude painting of a man who was , to put it kindly , rotund , while angels danced above his head just caught siri 's sense of humor and would n't release it .

it started off as a snort in place of a chuckle , but as she looked to the right , she found another nude , of the same man !

`` do you think it 's the previous owner ? ''

she asked and covered her mouth to stifle her laughter .

`` hmmm ... i 'm guessing it 's a strong possibility , '' he said as he looked to the left .

siri followed his gaze and gasped in horror at the painting of the same man , with the same physique , but the angels were no longer angels but had transformed into fairies .

all of whom were kissing the man in various parts of his body .

`` i hope this home was n't offered fully furnished , '' siri finally got out but she could n't control her laughter any longer .

the hilarity was just too much and she was bent over laughing as she looked at the three portraits of the man in the buff .

`` he really thinks something big of himself , '' she replied , all anger and frustration of the previous moment dissipated with the views from the horrific living room .

both of them walked rapidly out of the house , siri laughing uproariously while malik was able to maintain a bit more decorum and was only chuckling at the paintings .

they did n't even bother going through the rest of the house , just too amazed by that front room to even bother .

`` okay , on to the next , '' malik declared , nodding to his guards who immediately moved into position , startling siri as she entered the limousine .

malik said something to the security guard , who looked stunned initially , then shook his head and opened the door to the car , all the while maintaining his perimeter search of the area .

`` what did you say to him ? ''

she asked as they were seated in the vehicle .

malik shook his head slightly , an amused expression on his face .

`` i told him the house looked like a fat man 's bordello . ''

she could n't smother the laughter at his comment and since they were now out of the house , she did n't even try .

`` i loved the pink marble .

do you think that was to make the ladies more comfortable ?

or to add a bit of romance to his day ? ''

malik chuckled .

`` i 'd hate to see that man trying to be romantic . ''

it felt good to laugh with malik , siri thought as they traveled down the road , heading to the next house he wanted her to see .

the past several days had been so filled with tension and trying to avoid being caught alone with him , the absence of tension , even if it was only momentary , was extremely nice .

she sat back against the soft leather seats with a smile on her face as she watched the countryside pass by .

`` you have n't done that since i arrived , '' malik said softly .

she spun her head around , looking up at him .

`` done what ? ''

she asked , her stomach muscles instantly tensing as her awareness of him came right back .

she wanted to scoot away , to put just a few more precious inches between their bodies , but she did n't want him to know that she was aware of him .

she was trying to pretend she was indifferent to him , that she was over the attraction she 'd had in the past .

unfortunately , as he looked down at her , his heat seeping into her arm and leg , she did n't think he was buying her act .

she watched as his eyes dilated and she thought he moved slightly closer , but was n't sure and did n't want to test it .

`` what are you talking about ? ''

she asked , trying to sound more confident and unaffected than she was .