`` you have n't smiled .

except when jacob or samuel does something like put frogs in your fridge . ''

she had to laugh at the memory now that she was n't surrounded by scary , jumping blobs .

`` you were trying to protect me that night , were n't you ? ''

she asked , chuckling at the memory now that it was in the past .

`` all i heard was your scream .

i had no idea what the threat was . ''

a giggle escaped her and she covered her mouth with her hand .

`` so you ran out naked , slammed me up against the wall .

where on earth had you stored that knife ? ''

she asked through her laughter .

`` i always carry a knife .

who knows when i have to protect a damsel in distress ? ''

`` from frogs , '' she finished and the laughter just could n't be stopped .

she let it roll and was actually holding her stomach when the laughter finally subsided .

`` oh my !

could you imagine if that scene had been recorded ?

all those frogs jumping around , my kids trying to protect me from you who are ten times their size and you standing there naked with a knife .

what a chaotic mess ! ''

`` it was cute , '' he replied and leaned back but the smile on his face told her that he 'd found the memory just as humorous .

`` i 'm impressed that both boys are so protective .

of you and the frogs although samuel might need to rethink his priorities .

it shows they will both be good leaders . ''

that reminder sobered her instantly and she looked away , pretending to watch the trees pass by outside the car but in her mind , she was scared for her boys .

for what might be in their future .

`` promise me that they 'll be okay . ''

malik took her hand in his and gave her a reassuring squeeze .

`` we 'll work this out together .

i 'll teach them how to survive and they 'll thrive .

trust me , '' he replied .

siri shivered and could n't look up at him .

trust was the problem , she thought .

she did n't trust him .

she had at one point and he 'd broken that trust .

she did n't want to even try to trust him again for fear of being hurt .

luckily , the driver pulled into another driveway at that point , relieving her of needing to reply .

the next house was better , but had no furniture in it .

the lines were more elegant , less ornate and much more to siri 's liking .

it was still much bigger than she would prefer .

and much too empty .

as they walked through the house , she tried to step away from malik because each time he touched her , she wanted more .

she wanted him to pull her into his arms and kiss her but she had to remain firm in maintaining her distance .

`` why is n't a realtor here to help walk us through the houses ? ''

she asked after he touched her back to lead her through one of the rooms .

`` the realtor made all the arrangements with the owners but she went ahead .

i wanted to view the houses with you alone instead of being bothered by a chatty woman trying to sell us something that we did n't like . ''

siri nodded her head , but was nervous about being in a house without anyone else to distract them .

she would much prefer a chatty lady who would at least be a diversion .

`` this is nice , '' she replied , pretending to look around , but there were just very large rooms with large windows and no curtains .

the carpets were cream , the walls white , the foyer a white marble .

the kitchen had white cabinets and tan , granite countertops with top of the line appliances .

`` this is large . ''

`` and white , '' malik said out loud .

siri nodded , and tried to step away from him , needing a bit of space .

she moved around the counter , just to breathe a little bit of non-malik scented air .

she remembered that scent , remembered how much she 'd loved it .

she 'd always breathed in his cologne as soon as he 'd pulled her into his arms after a long absence and she 'd just close her eyes and savored the feeling of having his muscular arms wrapped around her , his scent filling her senses and the anticipation of him taking her into his bedroom and making love for the rest of the night .

she was older now .

she could n't just fall into bed with this man .

thankfully , there were n't any beds in the house !

a fact which should make her feel better , but the total absence of anything made her much more nervous .

her imagination was doing things , like wondering what it would be like if malik simply picked her up and placed her on the kitchen counter .

they 'd never made love in the kitchen .

she was n't even sure if his previous penthouse had a kitchen since it was entirely possible that he ordered in from whatever restaurant sprang to mind .

there had always been food delivered , but where it had come from , she had no idea .

`` let 's look around upstairs , '' he said , his voice deep , becoming husky .

was he feeling the same thing she was ?