she wondered what she would do if she needed to get away from him .

would he stop if she said no ?

she was being ridiculously silly .

of course he would !

malik was n't the kind of guy who would rape a woman .

he was kind and gentle .

a liar , but still very gentle .

he 'd never hurt her before .

it was really her own reaction that she should be concerned about .

he would stop if she told him no , but when had she ever been able to tell him no ?

once he took her into his arms , she was n't capable of saying anything .

well , there were a few things but siri did n't think `` faster '' or `` please '' would keep her safe from his lovemaking .

she walked up the stairs , painfully self conscious that he was s right behind her .

she actually thought about putting her hands behind her , just to block his view of her derriere .

she did n't want him thinking about the past and how he 'd bent her over his bed , entering her from behind with his hands on her bottom .

the feeling had been incredible from that angle and she could feel her body heating up just from that memory .

`` let 's look at the smaller rooms first , '' he suggested , his voice echoing in the silence of the house , the sound vibrating off the walls and coming out stronger .

there was nothing to absorb the sound so any noise traveled without hindrance , making her cringe at the sound .

`` that 's fine , '' she replied and turned to the left instead of the right .

she definitely did n't mind his suggestion , not wanting to enter the owner 's suite alone with him .

not that she would be sleeping in there anyway .

not with him at least .

she looked in the first room , a large , airy room with hardwood floors and more white walls but the windows would let in a lot of sunlight .

`` this would be nice for the boys , '' she said , trying to find anything to say to ease the awkwardness of the silence .

`` they would love to have the hardwood floors to race their cars along .

although they might scratch the surface .

they play pretty hard lately and they 're going to get worse as they get older and stronger . ''

she knew she was rambling and tried to stop herself , but she was just too nervous .

`` i would n't worry about that , '' he replied , leaning against the door jamb , watching her flutter from closet to closet , then inspecting the bathroom .

she even looked in the cabinets and he almost chuckled at her nervousness .

his body was already reacting to her cute bottom sticking up in the air and the charming blush creeping over her soft skin .

the blush told him that she was feeling exactly the same way he was , but wishing it were otherwise .

he wanted her , no doubt about it , but he wanted all of her .

and soon , he 'd get her .

he wanted her in his bed , in his home and pregnant with more of his children .

this time , he wanted to see her body swell with his child , her breasts enlarge with the milk that would nourish the babe .

he thought she was sexy now , he could n't imagine how incredible she would look once they started having more children .

he wanted to grow old with her and share more memories together .

he 'd have that , he just needed to convince her of his commitment .

`` let 's keep on going , '' he said , needing some sort of distraction to keep himself from thinking about wrapping his arms around her and feeling her softness press against him .

`` okay , '' siri replied and followed him down the hallway .

she peered into the other rooms , not very interested since , if they chose this house , they would n't really use these bedrooms for anything .

she really had no idea why he wanted such a large house anyway .

except for the yard , she supposed as she glanced outside one of the bare windows .

there really was a great deal of land surrounding this house .

she had no idea that there were even houses like this so close to the city with so much land but she supposed that , if one had the money , they could buy anything .

`` is there a reason we need eight bedrooms ?

we 'll only be using three of them , wo n't we ? ''

malik looked down at her .

`` the boys will be in the same bedroom , wo n't they ? ''

she focused all of her attention on the laundry area , pretending to be fascinated by all the cabinets in that area .

`` yes , of course .

it 's a good idea to have the laundry facilities on the same floor with the bedrooms .

it will be easier to get the clothes where they need to go . ''

she did n't really care where the washer and dryer were right at this point .

all she cared about was ensuring that malik understood that she would not be sharing his bed .

they were walking into the owner 's suite when he spun her around .

`` do n't even think that you and i are n't going to share a bedroom , siri ! ''

he declared , his strong hands holding her wrists , pulling her close enough that she could smell his subtle aftershave .