`` we are n't going to share a room , malik .

we are n't sleeping together again . ''

he could n't help it when she spoke like that .

she 'd thrown down a challenge and he was n't one to just let something like that pass by him .

he 'd always been competitive , but having her say something like that was the equivalent to waving a red flag in front of a raging bull .

`` you think so ? '

he asked , his voice soft and his body already aroused , not just by her challenge but by being with her all day .

malik 's voice was gentle , but she could sense the rising anger .

`` malik , let 's be sensible about this , '' she said , trying to placate him .

`` we 're not meant for each other .

we tried four years ago and you chose someone else .

if we were right for each other , then ... '' `` you 'd do n't know all the details about four years ago .

do n't make declarations on only half the knowledge , '' he commanded , leaning forward .

`` but even more important , you ca n't claim you do n't want me , siri . ''

she frantically shook her head , praying she could push him away if he came any closer .

but already , her palms were itching to touch him , to feel him .

`` i do n't .

you have to accept that ! ''

she said , frustrated that she sounded so breathless and weak .

she pressed her hands against the wall just to make sure she did n't reach out and do something stupid , like touch him .

she was becoming weaker by the moment as he came closer to her , his heat warming her body and filling up her senses .

she wanted this man , but she had to fight this attraction .

she 'd gone through the hurt and betrayal once before , she could n't do it again .

`` why do i find your denials not ringing true ? ''

he asked rhetorically .

he pulled her closer .

`` i think you 're lying to both of us , siri . ''

`` i 'm not , '' she whispered , her eyes dropping to his mouth , watching with frustration and anticipation as it came closer .

her mind told her to pull back , to show him with actions what she was saying with her words .

but her body , so desperate for his touch , ignored her brain once again .

why she was so weak where this man was concerned was beyond her , but she could n't seem to pull away .

and then his mouth touched hers and she did n't want to pull away any longer .

she wanted to press herself against him , to feel his body 's reaction and revel in the power she had over this man .

`` do n't do this again , '' she pleaded , begging him to have the willpower that she could n't seem to muster .

`` i must , '' was his only response before he covered her mouth with his own .

he wanted her so badly and she was here , willing and soft and warm and lovely .

he wanted her like he 'd never wanted any other woman , was anticipating her body 's welcoming heat like a drug addict needed the next fix .

when his hands traveled from her arms up to her shoulders and pulled her closer , she shivered in his arms and that was all the declaration of her submission he needed .

he wanted her , she wanted him and they were alone .

he pulled her hard against him and when her arms wrapped around his neck , his own hands dropped to her waist , sliding down to her adorable bottom that he 'd wanted to touch so badly while walking up the stairs moments ago .

she 'd been taunting him with her walk and she did n't even know it .

he pulled her closer , needing her complete surrender and when he got it , he lowered her onto the carpet , his hands slipping under her clothing to feel her soft skin once again .

he kissed her deeply , absorbing her moans into his mouth and feeling her rise against his hand , her heart racing as he pressed his hand against her breast .

he lifted up slightly and looked around , astounded that he was actually making love to this woman in an empty house .

one that was n't even his .

yet !

he pulled her clothes off , uncaring of what was around him , which was nothing but hers and his discarded clothes at the moment .

and a wall of windows where anyone could look into since there were n't any curtains .

he did n't care .

she was underneath him and writhing with her own need and he succumbed .

pulling her slacks off , he quickly came back down to her , covering her nakedness with his body .

and when his clothes hindered him , he stood up and ripped his own clothes off .

she did n't stop him .

in fact , when he lowered himself to the floor , covering her once again , she opened her legs , just as eager for his invasion as he was .

`` tell me you want me , '' he ordered , holding his body above hers , looking down at her , seeing the sweat against her own brow and feeling the impatience , the urgency of her body .

watching her , seeing her body flushed with the heat of her own need and he almost gave in .