but he needed the words .

wanted to hear her say it .

she 'd denied it too often over the past two days and he needed those words for some reason .

`` i want you , '' she almost screamed out , her body pressing against his .

`` please do n't make me wait ! ''

she 'd said it , and she could n't take back the words !

with exultation , he moved against her , his body pressing inside hers and feeling her tightness close in around him .

this had never felt so good , so right !

he did n't slow down , would n't let her hide .

he pounded into her , showing her with actions that she 'd been lying to him .

`` you 're mine , siri , '' he said as he watched her face , moved in and out of her , pressing himself deeper and feeling her clench around him .

he almost lost it but he was determined to show her that they were perfect for each other .

and he also wanted to ensure that she could n't deny their attraction to each other any longer .

if this was the only way to get through to her , then he 'd use it .

and they 'd both enjoy the journey !

when he felt her shudders start , he could n't help but let his own body find fulfillment .

he 'd been a day without this woman , without feeling this incredible heat and passion and that drove him harder .

she was like an addiction , he thought .

one he was n't going to ignore or even fight .

in fact , he 'd use it more and more to convince her that they were meant to be together .

as siri came back down to earth , she could n't help but marvel at what an amazing lover malik was .

not that she had anything to compare it to , but she heard other women talk about sex with their partners and she could n't contribute .

they would laugh at how inept their husbands or lovers were , how insensitive .

but malik was incredible , damn him !

he knew exactly where to touch and how to move to drive her crazy .

`` you 're not having your own room , siri , '' he growled as he bent low and kissed her neck .

`` we 're sleeping together , and that 's final . ''

chapter 9 siri watched in wonder as malik stepped out of the limousine and approached the house .

she 'd been with him for a week in the new house and she could n't believe how messed up she felt .

she was so in love with the man she could barely think at work .

her desk was piled up with actions she needed to take , orders she needed to review and she found herself fantasizing about him all the time .

they 'd purchased that house last week , the one where they 'd made love on the floor in front of the windows , and siri could n't believe how quickly he 'd made things happen .

she was living in the house now , with a decorator quickly filling up the space and adding color .

jacob and samuel loved all the open space , the new play area they had in a small , fenced in area of the back yard and the play room filled with new toys and different games to play .

there were so many different toys for building from legos to blocks and even some sort of rubber beams that would help them build forts .

she 'd love that material so much , she 'd added it to her inventory and it was going to be the front cover specialty for the christmas catalog .

and they especially loved having a dad that came home to them every night , played with them , showed them how to do different things and taught them endless new ideas .

the part they loved the most , he never ran out of answers for their questions .

after dinner , they would climb onto his lap and ask him questions or they would sit on the floor and play with their toys and their curious minds would come up with the most amazing ideas , all of which malik encouraged and helped them to channel in positive ways .

for a man who had n't known the twins existed a month ago , he 'd certainly risen to the job of being a father with amazing speed .

the boys ' large bedroom had been the first for the recently hired decorator to furnish and she 'd added a wonderful surround of sports and animals .

she 'd sat down and talked to jacob and samuel , asking them what they wanted on their walls , what kinds of animals they liked , what sports and any kind of secret places they might want .

the result was a mural of a jungle scene on one wall , a desert on another and a loft type sleeping area with a `` hideout '' below where they loved to hide from their mother .

the master bedroom had been the second area to be tackled and the decorator done an outstanding job of creating an elegant , but sumptuous room with masculine colors and feminine touches .

not that malik noticed .

he was with the boys until their bed times and then he 'd pull her into his arms and make love to her until she fell asleep .

she had no idea what he was doing after she fell asleep , but he was gone by the time she woke up in the morning .