which made things a bit more difficult for her , she thought as she rushed out for work each morning after giving instructions to the new nanny and tutor .

siri wanted to talk to malik about various issues but he was n't around to discuss them with her .

and when he was , he would n't let her talk much , having other plans for their nights together .

as much as she 'd objected to a move to a new house initially , she had to admit that life was a whole lot easier now , and in ways she had n't expected .

there was a fantastic nanny who watched over the boys and both of them loved her , eagerly running to greet her each morning after breakfast to find out what she was going to teach them during each day .

apparently malik gave her instructions but he was very considerate about talking to siri about those decisions as well , making her feel as if she were a part of the decision making process , when in fact , he was pushing the agenda .

for some reason , siri was n't overly concerned with this since he explained why any particular lesson was needed and how it would all fit into their overall lessons .

she loved him even more for his patience with her questions and helping her understand why he was doing certain things .

she had n't expected that of her and his explanations eased several of her largest worries .

she did n't feel like she was losing her boys but instead , she felt like a part of their lessons .

after they finished with their nanny , they would eagerly run to her and snuggle with her while telling her all of the amazing things they 'd learned during the day .

there was also a very efficient housekeeper who kept the entire house immaculately clean , expertly laundered and pressed their clothes and also made sure that there was a nutritious dinner on the table when it was time to eat , with lots of vegetables snuck into the meal .

the boys had no idea that , along with their macaroni and cheese , they were also getting loads of tofu and cauliflower .

their pancakes were loaded with carrots and zucchini and so many other nutritious foods , that even siri was n't sure what was in them .

siri loved the food and the boys thought it tasted better than the original .

go figure , she thought one night when the boys devoured a meal with hidden broccoli .

malik walked into the house and siri 's heart swelled with love for the man when she noticed his eyes immediately looking for her , and then noticed his shoulders relaxing when he found her in the front room , obviously waiting for him .

his long legs quickly devoured the space between the front door and where she was standing so when malik reached her , she was already bracing for his kiss , and the shivers that sent her body into overdrive .

some day , she hoped to grow used to his warm touch .

it was still such a shock to her system whenever he came close .

`` i have some bad news , '' he replied and looked down into her now worried eyes .

`` i have to fly back to duban .

i have to pave the way for the boys to be accepted as my sons .

but it wo n't be a difficult trip , i promise . ''

that made her stomach clench with fear .

back to duban ?

he had n't been her long enough this time !

her mind flew back to the last time he 'd left her and she could n't repress the fear that welled up inside of her at the idea of losing him once again .

`` is that going to be a contentious trip ? ''

`` no .

i 've already sent dna samples back from their hair and i 've openly declared them to be my sons .

it 's just a formality now .

and some legal issues that need to be finalized . ''

siri stepped back out of his arms , a cold terror coming over her .

`` when do you have to leave ? ''

she asked , not wanting to hear the answer , wishing he could just stay here with them , never going back to the country that had taken him away from her before .

she was being selfish , but could n't help it .

it was almost like she 'd lost him already .

he could see the fear and withdrawal in her eyes and was n't sure how to reassure her .

he suspected that the only way to get her to trust him was to follow through with his promise to bring all three of them back with him once these legalities were finalized .

`` tonight , unfortunately .

the sooner i leave , the faster i can get this cleared up and come back to get the three of you . ''

siri had heard these words before .

she 'd seen the worried look on his face that last time as well .

it had all happened four years ago and she hated the idea of him leaving them .

there was something wrong and he was n't telling her what it was .

just like the last time .

and four years ago , he 'd gone home and ended up married to another woman .

`` you 'd better get things cleared up then , '' she said with as much equanimity as possible .

she knew something was wrong , but she also knew that he kept things close to his chest , dealing with the problems and leaving her out of it .