he thought he was trying to protect her but he was only frightening her more by leaving her out .

`` i 'll hurry back , '' he said and started to pull her into his arms .

siri stepped back , not willing to let him touch her when she knew something was n't right .

`` i 'll see you when you get back , '' she replied , crossing her arms over her chest and looking away .

`` you do n't have to worry about anything , siri .

the boys are taken care of and i wo n't abandon you again . ''

she looked up at him , but could n't reach his eyes , stopping at his chin instead .

that was as far she 'd go under the circumstances .

she forced her face to mimic a smile , but she knew she was pretty short of the mark .

`` good luck , '' she replied .

a part of her was already packing up their clothes , getting ready to move back into her little cottage which she 'd never given up even though he 'd tried to convince her to sell the house so he could invest the money for her .

part of her had always known that it would come to this .

her sons were her life and she would n't let them be hurt .

not even by their father .

which was why she 'd held on to their previous home , needing the security of her cottage to feel more in control in case anything might happen .

`` have a good trip , '' she said with finality .

malik watched her carefully , trying to understand what was going on in her mind .

he wanted so badly to convince her to marry him but he could n't figure out why she was pulling away so suddenly .

he had a large diamond ring in his pocket that he 'd been carrying around for several days , wanting to see it on her finger , to know that she was his and only his .

he wanted visible evidence of her commitment to him , but the time had never seemed right recently .

he 'd hoped to put it on her finger tonight , wanting her promise to him before he went back to duban .

he 'd already told his advisors of his intent to marry siri .

they knew about his sons and were thrilled that the question of his marriage and heir was resolved .

all of them were completely on board with his plans and excited about meeting jacob and samuel , although they 'd tried to convince malik to change their names to something more traditional .

he 'd only laughed and overrode their requests .

now he had to finish up a few details and then they 'd be his family , officially and irrevocably .

so what was holding her back ?

she 'd come willingly into his arms every night for the past week .

she 'd been more passionate than before , demanding all of him and not holding anything back herself .

and he 'd been more than willing to give it to her , thrilled that the woman he remembered was so passionate and sexy .

damn he wanted her in his arms right now , he wanted to bury himself in her one more time , just to feel her heat wrapping around him and one more chance to show her that they were perfect together .

he 'd thought he 'd loved her before , but that was nothing compared to how he felt about her now .

he could n't imagine life without her now .

she and the boys were such an integral part of his world already and he wanted to bring them all back immediately .

he resented the legal issues he needed to resolve before bringing his family to his home but it was just one more of the obligations he faced as leader of duban .

with a sigh , he bent down and kissed the boys , closing his eyes and holding them both close to him and enjoying their enthusiastic hugs .

`` i 'll see both of you soon , '' he said with emphasis .

`` do n't drive your mother crazy ! ''

he said sternly .

`` what if i have a question for you ? ''

sam asked , his chubby hands touching malik 's cheek .

`` then ask your mother if you can call me .

or you can text me anytime you want and i 'll get back to you with an answer . ''

jacob seemed concerned .

`` what if we do n't agree with your answer ? ''

he suggested , his eyebrows drawn together over his worried eyes .

`` we might need to understand more or ... . '' malik instantly understood that they were n't concerned with questions , they were more concerned with when they were going to see him again , but their toddler minds were wrapping around a more pressing issue instead .

he did his best to reassure them , squeezing them gently to show them that he understood their worries .

`` then we 'll discuss any questions or disagreements you have as soon as i can give you a call back .

and i 'll make sure that my advisors know that you three have top priority in my daily schedule so they wo n't turn away any messages you might have , no matter how small .

okay ? ''

jacob considered this and finally nodded his head in agreement .

`` deal . ''

he even stuck his little hand out to shake it but malik chuckled and pulled him into his arms for another hug .