samuel went right along with malik and jacob , smiling over malik 's shoulder as he enjoyed his hug from their newly discovered father .

standing up , he looked at siri .

he wanted to hug her , to kiss her and make her cling to him like she had during the previous several nights .

but her body language was clearly shouting for him to leave her alone .

he started to walk away , trying hard to respect her overt signals for space .

but he only took a few steps before he stopped , cursed under his breath and spun around .

he walked over to her and pulled her stiff body into his arms , kissing her and running his hands over all of her secret places only he knew about until she softened and kissed him back .

and even then , he continued for several more minutes , enjoying her soft sighs and little moans she had no idea she actually made when he kissed her he did n't stop until he heard sam and jacob giggle off to the side .

only then did he lift his head and look down into her soft , beautiful features and nod his head in approval .

`` that 's better , '' he declared .

with one more peck , he turned around and headed back out the door , determined to get the business out of the way so he could officially bring them all back to duban and marry that annoying , confusing , beautiful and sexy woman .

he wanted everyone to know that she was his woman and they could n't touch her for any reason .

and his boys were the most amazing little creatures .

he 'd never known that boys could be so fascinating and curious and interesting to talk to .

he never tired of their questions , continuously fascinated by how their minds processed their world .

he had obligations though and he had to focus on those in order to make his family whole again .

he 'd never allow anything to get in the way of his world like it had four years ago .

he knew now that he should have done things differently in the past , not given in to his father 's pressure and found a better way to solve the problems of the country rather than marry his ex-wife .

with determination , he slipped into the back of the limousine and ordered his driver to get him to the airport in half the time .

at this point , he did n't even care if he broke the traffic laws .

he just wanted to be back here as fast as possible so he could take his family home and make that woman his wife .

he wanted the world to know that she was his and no one could mess with her .

and he wanted to know that she would be in his bed every night with her warm smile and gentle heart .

siri watched with a sinking feeling as the beautiful limousine quickly pulled away , the back tires skidding as the driver sped away from the house as fast as possible .

she did n't understand malik 's motivation today and she really did n't understand why he was so frantic to get away from them .

she would have sworn that he loved being with the boys , and she definitely enjoyed having him around , even though she 'd fought it hard at first .

besides , he never hesitated to pull her into his strong , secure arms , but maybe she again was just a convenient outlet for his desires .

the man was certainly passionate .

perhaps he saw the boys as an unexpected obligation on top of so many others he was constantly burdened with .

or maybe he just had sex with her as a way to secure her feelings towards him so he could claim the boys as his own .

no , she did n't think that was the case .

he was too solicitous of her opinion and seemed to genuinely want her advice or perspective .

if he were going to take the boys away , she suspected he would start to pull away from asking her opinion versus increasing her involvement .

not that she would let him , anyway .

as she stood there by the window , the tail lights of his vehicle slowly fading away , her heart felt like it was a lead brick , and sunk further into her stomach .

why could n't she figure this man out ?

why was he so complicated ?

and why , why , why did she have to fall in love with a man like him ?

why could n't she have fallen for someone normal and boring ?

someone who would n't have to fly halfway around the world just to reach his home ?

there were wonderful men , probably right down the street ?

what was it about malik that she just thought was so special ?

she heard the boys in the background and pulled her worried eyes away from the large , sunny window .

there was n't anything to see anymore so it was pointless now .

it was the middle of the afternoon and she had several urgent issues still to finalize at work .

she did n't have time to think about malik and why he did n't want to be around them .

she thought her boys were pretty amazing so it was his fault that he did n't want to experience each day with them .

siri picked up both of her excited boys and gave them each a hug and a kiss , then headed into the office malik had set up for her to work in .