this was definitely nice of him , she thought as she rounded her beautiful , shiny wooden desk that was absolutely perfect for her needs .

lots of drawers , a wide area for her computer and monitor not to mention a state of the art sound system that allowed her to play whatever music suited her mood .

he was definitely generous , she 'd give him that .

but to what end ?

she fingered the files she needed to work on while she puzzled through possible scenarios , but in the end , she could n't guess what malik 's end game was , other than taking her boys from her , which she absolutely would not allow !

the boys would be finishing up their afternoon classes with the nanny soon and she no longer had to worry about dinner , which was a glorious freedom since she sincerely disliked cooking .

maybe she could take the boys to the playground for a while , get their minds off of malik 's departure .

they had n't been outside in the sunshine very much lately due to a more rigorous school schedule and several rainy days , so this would be a nice change .

she did n't mind the increased lessons since the boys were absolutely loving the additional information , sucking up any new lesson like little sponges .

siri looked down at her cluttered desk and gritted her teeth .

she would have to focus if she wanted to get all these issues resolved in time .

she worked steadily through the rest of the afternoon , resolving several outstanding problems by refusing to let her mind wander , especially to try and figure out malik 's motivation .

she worked hard until the boys came running into her office .

she then determinedly shut down her work computer and gathered up all the play stuff they would need in order to have a good time at the playground .

playing out in the sunshine , running along the green grass with rover and boy while they chased balls , pushing jacob and samuel on the swing and laughing as they raced up the ladder for the slide was exactly what she needed to get her mind off of the depressing events of the afternoon .

these two boys were the right antidote for any kind of depression she thought as the three of them walked back to the car hand in hand , the boys chattering about their rambunctious activities while the dogs kept reaching up to lick a cheek or nudge a hand for some attention .

the next few days followed the same pattern and siri was amazed at how well they worked their days around their new schedule without malik .

if she had to force herself to focus at times during the afternoon because she caught herself fantasizing about a tall , handsome sheik who was missing , she 'd just push herself harder to get more done .

the only exception to their routine was when malik called each night .

they boys loved talking with him , telling him all that they 'd learned with their new nanny that day and asking him questions to show her the following day that they were on top of their lessons .

her teachings were filled with various animals , different countries of the world , cultures and siri was amazed at how the woman snuck in geography , all of which the boys just loved , their little minds grasping concepts that others would n't probably understand until they were much older .

she was so emotionally distraught over malik 's departure that by the time his phone call arrived , she was barely able to tuck the boys into bed before she fell asleep herself .

she wanted to stay up later and talk with malik , to ask him questions and find out how things were going in duban or just finish up her own work , possibly get ahead of the curve that she 'd felt she 'd been under lately .

but she could barely keep her eyes open , the emotional stress wearing her down .

one night when he called , she 'd just tucked the boys into bed and brushed her own teeth .

she was climbing into bed when her phone rang and she instinctively knew it would be him even though this was n't the time he generally called her in the evenings .

she tried to smile , but she was so painfully tired she could barely press the button to answer .

`` how are you ? ''

he asked , his voice strong and vibrant and siri was jealous that he could be so wide awake while she continued to feel so painfully exhausted .

`` tired , '' she claimed and yawned so she could n't say anything more .

he hesitated while she finished her yawn before continuing .

`` what did you do today ? ''

he asked , his voice brusque as he tried to determine why she was pushing him away .

each phone call was becoming shorter and shorter .

she claimed exhaustion , but he 'd seen her running her business and running after those two boys before and she had n't acted like this at that point .

something was wrong , he thought as he tried to come up with something that would inspire conversation .

siri thought his tone was becoming impatient , but she was n't able to focus enough to make a determination .

`` oh , we received several large orders at the office and had to rush the distribution .

so it 's been a good week so far .

what about you ? ''

she asked and closed her eyes , curling up in the bed they 'd shared for just over a week before he 'd left .