`` any details i need to be aware of ? ''

`` nothing really .

just irritating arguments that do n't make any sense in the larger sense of this situation . ''

siri did n't like being referred to as a `` situation '' .

she wanted to be the center of his life and to make him happy the way he always did for her and the boys as soon as he walked into a room .

being referred to as a 'situation ' sounded bad .

`` well , i 'll let you go so that you can resolve those situations , '' she replied tartly .

her fatigue was really starting to get to her .

`` sorry .

i 'm just tired .

i 'll talk to you later , okay ? ''

`` okay .

sleep well , '' he replied , smothering his frustration , and hung up the phone .

siri turned off her own phone then slid down into the soft , silky sheets , tears coming down her cheeks as she thought about all the things she really wanted to say to malik , but had n't had the courage .

and none of those things had to do with television , situations , politics or arguments with his advisors , which were probably about her and what a promiscuous woman she was to have had children out of wedlock .

she 'd heard about these men and how they viewed women .

they were probably trying to think of some way to get the boys without the mom .

she fell asleep vowing that she 'd never let anyone take her children away from her .

chapter 10 half a world away , malik angrily walked down the long , ornate hallway , not aware of any of the elaborate decor that surrounded him in the magnificent palace , or the ancient history of the structure .

all he cared about was getting back to siri and the boys , of bringing them here so they could be a family without all the silly issues to deal with .

last night 's call to siri had disturbed him and he worried that she was changing her mind about coming to live with him .

he had to marry her , he had to have her in his life .

there was no other woman who suited him like she did and he would n't allow anything more to slow this wedding down .

no more conversations about the best way to bring his family home and how she might or might not take any inadvertent slight if the ceremony went one way or another .

he was disgusted that he 'd allowed the debates to go on this long when the woman he loved was too far away for him to care for and protect , much less understand .

it was past time he put his foot down and firmly explained how this wedding was going to move forward .

better to leave them out of his marriage now since he would n't allow any of their interference later on .

his personal life was no longer a topic for debate .

inside his council house , his advisors were already assembled , all of them excitedly discussing their ideas for his wedding .

but as soon as he walked in , silence descended .

he sat down and glared at the men along each side of the table , ensuring that each of them understood his frustrations .

`` i spoke to siri last night and this is what i 'm going to do ... '' he said .

not a single person argued with him and within an hour , all of them stood up to carry out their leader 's orders , eager to welcome their queen and future kings .

not another argument , not even a suggestion .

when malik spoke , they followed .

he 'd led their country out of a potentially violent civil war with very little bloodshed , had united their tribes and had demonstrated that , through his leadership , their country could be a powerhouse in the world .

they would follow him through hell if he requested it and now all of them wanted to be able to say that they had helped to bring his bride to their sheik 's home .

five hours later , malik was on his private plane , flying back to siri and his sons , the only indication that he was concerned was the blank expression on his face .

the more serious the expression , the graver the issues he was facing .

right now , with the thought of losing siri , his face was a complete , blank mask .

siri laughed as jacob climbed up on her lap and gave her a sloppy kiss .

`` what was that for ? ''

she asked , pulling him close for a hug .

he shrugged and snuggled into her lap , making himself comfortable .

`` you seemed sad .

you always give me a kiss when i 'm sad so i gave one back ! ''

he grinned up at her as if he 'd worked through something miraculous .

and in a way , he had done exactly that .

he was sweet and wonderful and she 'd been stomping around in a grumpy mood for the past two days .

she wanted malik back , but not if he did n't want them .

and they were a package deal .

no separation , no sporadic visits .

she was n't losing her kids !

and if he wanted her , he 'd better prove it because she was n't feeling it lately .

she was only feeling tired and exhausted and just plain old grumpy and mean .

`` do you think daddy will be back today ? ''