sam asked , climbing up onto the other side of her lap , pushing his brother out of the way to make room for himself .

`` i do n't know honey .

we need to give daddy some time to work through the issues he has to face .

we ca n't pressure him . ''

jacob sat up and looked out the window .

`` he 's home ! ''

he called out and clumsily scrambled off of her lap .

siri looked out the window , wondering what he 'd seen that would make him jump up like that .

sure enough , sam was quick to follow his brother and both little guys were out of the room like bullets !

they raced through the house and pulled open the front door .

siri was right behind them , but she could barely catch her breath for some reason and her two guys were out the front door before she could stop them .

she was terrified that , in their exuberance to see malik , they would run out in front of the vehicle and be hurt .

but she should have known better .

as soon as she reached the front door , she looked out and the body guard who had been standing sentry by the front door was holding sam under his right arm and jacob under the left , both of whom were grinning from ear to ear as they watched the long , black car pull up in front of the house .

siri bit her lip as malik got out of the car .

she was worried that he would be angry with them for running out of the house but it was really her fault for not being fast enough with them .

and she had n't locked the front door like she normally did , even going so far as to have a lock installed on the top of the door just for this kind of instance .

they were fast and getting faster , so she had to ensure their safety .

`` it was my fault malik , '' she quickly intercepted him , trying to keep him from scolding the boys .

`` what 's your fault ? ''

he asked as he looked down at both boys who were at his feet , grabbing his leg on both sides and demanding that they be recognized as well .

`` you 're home ! ''

they both cried out , wiggling in an effort to be lifted into his arms .

malik did n't hesitate .

he bent down and lifted both into his strong arms , nuzzling each on their little necks until they were giggling bundles of movement and happiness .

`` have both of you been minding your manners ? ''

he asked and nodded when they told him that they had been very good .

malik turned to the guard who had caught them and nodded .

in response , the guard bowed deeply and siri was shocked to see evidence that malik really was a king .

he 'd said that her boys were princes , but she had n't made the leap that he was also royalty .

good grief , she thought , she had so much to learn .

or maybe she did n't .

she looked back at him warily , bracing herself for whatever news he might be bringing .

was he here to tell her that he was heading back alone ?

she had to be prepared for anything with this man .

she 'd gone through hell the last time .

she would n't be mentally unprepared again .

`` how are you ? ''

he asked as he carried the boys into the house .

malik looked at her carefully , noticing the dark circles under her eyes and the fatigue that made her shoulders droop with exhaustion .

`` you look tired .

did you not sleep well last night ? ''

he asked gently as they entered the house .

`` i am . ''

`` are you eating okay ? ''

`` yes . ''

she was actually irritated that he would ask something so ridiculous .

she was a grown woman .

what business was it of his if she ate well or decided on pizza morning , noon and night ?

she bit her tongue though , not wanting his homecoming to be marred by her bad mood .

malik looked down at the boys .

`` would you mind if i had a private word with your mother ? ''

he asked , but his voice was firm , indicating that it was n't a request .

`` go find laura and see if she can dig up some information on crocodiles .

i bet i can come up with more facts about them than you can , '' he said .

the boys both looked up at him , their eyes wide with excitement .

`` crocodiles ? ''

they echoed .

comically , sam and jacob looked directly at each other , then back up at their father , then the two of them raced out of the living room as fast as their little legs would carry them .

when both of them were out of ear shot , he turned back to siri .

`` okay , what 's going on ? ''

he asked , his hands on his hips as he glared down at her .

`` tell me you 're not married , '' she whispered , the fear almost choking her .

at her question , malik finally understood what she 'd been thinking these past few days and his body relaxed .

he pulled her closer , his arms wrapping around her stiff body .

`` i 'm not married .

yet . ''

she shoved out of his arms and glared up at him .