she asked , trying to hide her curiosity but failing because whatever her father was calling about had to be big .

his relieved laughter flowed through the phone lines , knowing that he 'd gotten her with those words .

if there was one thing rachel hated it was to not know a secret .

he tormented her with christmas and birthday presents , and any surprises he could think of throughout the year just to tease her .

`` come out for dinner tonight and you 'll see . ''

he waited a moment before he said , `` i 'll make you macaroni and cheese , '' he said with a hopeful tone .

he 'd hit her weak point , damn him .

she closed her eyes , her hand gripping her cell phone as if she could find strength .

`` with the gorgonzola cheese ? ''

she whispered .

`` you bet , '' he laughed again , knowing that she was caught now .

`` i 'll see you at six o'clock .

do n't be late or i start eating it myself . ''

she groaned and shook her head .

`` fine .

i 'll be there . ''

he knew exactly how to lure her home for a visit .

his macaroni and cheese was the best with gorgonzola cheese and chives .

the man did n't stop there .

he added secret ingredients he would n't even give her a hint about so that she could n't figure out how to make it herself .

she 'd tried , just so she did n't have to risk running into the man in question , but she had n't come close and he was using that as her compensation for the risk involved in coming home .

after disconnecting , she stared at her computer screen , her eyes not really seeing anything .

her father knew , she thought with resignation and more than a little embarrassment .

he was n't a stupid man , so it was ridiculous of her to think that he had n't noticed her reaction to the man over the years .

but it would have been nice if it had just been her secret .

with resignation and embarrassment , she accepted that there were just some things a daughter could n't hide from her dad .

three hours later , she shut down her laptop and packed up her office , forcing a smile as she walked out of the building so her co-workers did n't know she felt like she was facing a death squad .

she usually timed these things better but she 'd already committed to the visit .

coming out tonight was cutting things a bit closer than she preferred .

it took her two hours with heavy traffic because she worked in downtown washington , d.c. and her father lived out west of the city .

it felt as if everyone and their brother were heading out west along interstate 66 so there were long periods when she was crawling in traffic , and those were the good moments .

there were other times when she just sat there , the autumn sunshine beating through her window while traffic came to a standstill .

this was why she used public transportation , she thought with frustration as she pulled her jacket off during one of the many sitting spells .

unfortunately , there was n't any way to get all the way out to the farm on public transit so she had to drive herself , inching along in rush hour traffic .

when she finally pulled up behind the stables , she was hot , miserable , irritated and painfully hungry .

she walked into her father 's cottage and dumped her overnight bag by the door , already feeling better once she smelled the macaroni and cheese scent wafting through his small home .

`` dad ?

i 'm home ! ''

she called out .

`` can you tell me what the surprise is that could n't wait another month ? ''

her father stepped out of the kitchen , tossing a dishtowel over his shoulder .

the look in his eyes told her something was very wrong .

`` glad you 're here ! ''

he said , a little too loudly , his eyes darting from her to the kitchen , then back again worriedly .

`` dinner is almost ready .

why do n't you go change and i 'll get everything ready . ''

rachel watched her dad carefully , noting the odd look in his eyes .

`` did n't you mention that you made macaroni and cheese for dinner ?

i can already smell it so there 's no need to change .

i can just dig in . ''

he hesitated , glancing behind him and rachel peered into the kitchen , wondering what he was trying to see .

when the tall man emerged from the tiny kitchen , he took her breath away and her body immediately reacted to those dark , penetrating eyes .

he was taller , his shoulders broader and his eyes darker , more dangerous .

everything about him was just ... .more .

she gasped at the sight of him , her eyes taking in the overwhelming presence of the man she 'd been avoiding for the past six years .

and she 'd been doing a damn good job if that until tonight .

her father shuffled around for a moment before he said , `` i 'll just go check on dinner . ''

and he disappeared into the kitchen , leaving her alone to face her demons .

`` rais ! ''

she breathed , her heart instantly racing , her knees starting to feel weak and wobbly .

she could n't believe that he was actually here , in her father 's small cottage .