it had never felt this tiny before but rais was so large , he actually had to duck between the kitchen doorway leading to the den area so he did n't bump his head .

and shockingly , he had to angle his shoulders to get through the doorway ?

ridiculous , she thought , trying to pull her eyes away from him .

it was difficult , but she finally did it .

unfortunately , her eyes only moved away from his penetrating eyes .

traveling down his body was just as bad .

his broad , muscular shoulders tapered to slim hips and long legs that she knew were covered with bulging muscles , just like the rest of him .

the man was the epitome of masculinity topped off with an aura of confidence that many , many women found fascinating and alluring .

she was not immune to his magnetism either , which was why she 'd tried so hard to avoid visiting her father while he was in residence .

she knew that rais ' father passed away several years ago , so he was now sheik rais sayyid tarif zaman , sheik of dunari , she thought in a ridiculous train of thought that left her speechless .

she could n't even tell him to get out since , technically , this was his cottage , his farm and all of the horses out in the stables were his .

he owned the farm here in virginia so if he wanted to come to his house earlier than anticipated , he could do whatever he pleased .

`` it 's been a long time , '' rais finally broke the silence .

his deep , husky voice broke through her crazy thoughts , jilting her mind into overdrive .

`` yes .

i guess it has been a few years . ''

he raised an eyebrow , smiling slightly as he said , `` more like six years , i believe . ''

he leaned against the wall and slid his hands into the pockets of his immaculately tailored slacks , those dark , dangerous eyes never leaving her face .

`` one might almost imagine that you have been avoiding me . ''

rachel flushed and looked down at her feet .

`` that would be silly , '' she said , hoping he could n't see her cheeks flame up in color with the dimmer light in the cottage 's den area .

`` how have you been ? ''

she asked , suddenly overcome with the need to straighten the magazines that were scattered all over the coffee table and pick up the newspapers that had been carelessly left on the floor .

she was nervous and wished she could just slip out the door and fade back into the darkness of the autumn evening .

he smiled slightly , crossing his arms over that massive chest of his while he watched her nervously straighten up the room .

`` i 've been fine .

why have n't you been around ? ''

she picked up and refolded the blanket that she 'd bought for her dad because he fell asleep on the couch so often .

`` i 've been pretty busy . ''

`` too busy to swing by once in a while to say hello to an old friend ? ''

she stopped and froze , wondering how to respond .

she looked up at him , then away once again , too nervous to hold that contact with his too-knowing gaze .

`` well , i know it 's not very far but , well , you know how traffic is around here .

it 's hard to get out this way .

and i do n't have ... well , i ca n't really take time off very often . ''

he moved closer , putting a hand on her shoulder to stop her frantic movements .

`` you 're nervous .

why ? ''

she actually jumped and took a step backwards .

`` i 'm not nervous , '' she countered but could n't look him in the eye .

she took a deep breath to try and steady herself .

when she felt like she had a bit more control , she said , `` why are you here ? ''

she looked at his firm chin or his broad shoulders , the middle of his fabulously muscular chest ... anywhere but into his eyes .

he put his hands back in his slacks and looked down at her .

rais could n't believe the beauty she 'd grown into .

he 'd suspected she would be like this as he 'd watched her grow up and knew that she would be beautiful .

but the woman standing in front of him was stunning .

she had a cool sophistication that was startling with a sensuality that was soft and seductive instead of being blatant .

her long , black hair looked like a silk wave as it cascaded down her shoulders and her pretty blue eyes revealed so much , but also hid everything he wanted to know .

`` why have you been avoiding me ? ''

he countered in a low voice so her father would n't hear them in the kitchen .

he 'd wanted her for so long , he could n't remember a time when he had n't ached to hold her in his arms .

ever since she 'd turned sixteen , his feelings for rachel had changed from brotherly affection and interest to something much stronger , significantly deeper .

and the older she got , the more intense that feeling had become .

suddenly , six years ago she 'd simply stopped coming out to his farm to visit her father , his lead trainer , and he 'd missed her almost painfully .