there had been times when he 'd been furious that she was n't here for him so he could o feast on her glorious beauty or just revel in her laughter and smile .

then there were other times when he was relieved that he would n't have to find another woman to ease the ache she always left in him after he saw her or spoke with her because she was too young .

but she was older now .

she was n't a teenager with soulful eyes that laughed at his dry humor or teased him about his arrogance .

she would n't be racing ahead of him on her horse , her long , slender legs holding onto her horse and her bottom bouncing on her saddle , giving his mind images that were inappropriate and leaving him hard and aching .

every year she 'd grown more beautiful and more interesting .

each visit had left him with an ache , a desire to be with her more often which he 'd had to fight with every fiber in his being .

when she 'd turned eighteen , it had been the hardest because she 'd continued to grow into that figure that had him dreaming about holding her in his arms .

he could n't count the number of times he 'd woken up in a sweat because he wanted her so desperately .

as he looked down into those blue eyes , he reveled in the fact that she was now old enough for his pursuit .

and he would have her .

she might resist at first , but it would be just out of habit .

he would show her that he wanted more from her and they could explore this attraction he knew they both shared .

yes , rachel would be in his bed and they could expand the friendship they used to have so that it was more , deeper .

he stepped closer , his nose filling up with her soft , feminine scent .

`` i 'd like ... '' `` dinner is ready , '' her father called out from the kitchen , interrupting whatever it was that rais was about to say .

rachel blinked , looking around as if she 'd forgotten where they were .

he 'd been about to touch her , his hand reaching out , his fingers so close to her cheek that she 'd almost felt his fingers against her skin even now .

she took a deep breath and stepped around rais , moving on unsteady feet towards the kitchen .

`` well ... thank you for stopping by ... '' `` you 're father invited me for dinner , '' he interrupted , amused that she was trying to get rid of him .

interesting , he thought to himself .

she was nervous , he realized .

nervous about being near him .

he 'd been around women enough to know that her trembling meant she was just as interested in him .

that and the way she 'd looked into his eyes , the soft blush that had bloomed on her cheeks when she 'd first seen him .

his grown up rachel was showing all the signs and he had a hard time hiding the reaction his body was having to her attraction for him .

he wanted to take her into his arms and kiss her , feel her against him and show her that everything would be okay , that she did n't need to be nervous around him .

but her father 's interruption slowed him down , gave him time to step back and enjoy this delicious tension between the two of them .

`` he invited you for dinner ? ''

she asked .

she looked over at her father , wondering why he would do something like that .

if he knew how she felt , why had he cornered her like this ?

but how could he have avoided issuing the initiation ?

if rais had shown up unexpectedly , rachel knew there was no way her father could avoid inviting rais in for a meal .

it was n't just that rais was her father 's employer .

they were friends who respected each other .

rachel knew that they often dined together when she was n't here , talking about the horses and the farm , not to mention playing chess together often when rais was n't entertaining the elite of washington and virginia society at the main house .

she sat down at the table , taking her napkin and placing it over her lap .

her mind just could n't wrap itself around the fact that her father , the man who knew how she felt about rais , had even conspired with her to avoid him so assiduously for the past six years , had violated her trust like this and invited the enemy to dinner .

rais and john discussed the various horses in the stables over dinner while rachel pushed the food around on her plate , too nervous to actually eat anything .

the tiny table barely had enough room for two people so adding a third person , and especially one as large as rais , made the confines beyond cozy .

she kept shifting her legs , trying to avoid touching his , but he would just move his legs right back so that they were touching again .

it was frustrating and her stomach clenched each time she felt his leg or his thigh against hers .

she pretended like it did n't matter , but by the end of the meal , she was jumpy and irritated with herself for letting things get like this .

`` you two go on out to the family room and i 'll clean up , '' her father said , picking up the plates and heading towards the sink .