damn him !

why could n't he just stay out of her life ?

she 'd been doing so well !

she even had a man she was interested in that worked in her building .

as an even planner it was a bit harder to date when most of her friday and saturday nights were taken up with overseeing parties and weddings .

but she 'd been smiling at a handsome man in her office building , someone who was kind and made an effort to speak to her in the elevator .

he was nice , normal and did n't rule a powerful country .

in other words , he was in her league and she could have a future with him .

potentially .

chapter 2 she felt the firm lips on hers and sighed with happiness .

`` rais , '' she whispered , wrapping her arms around his neck and pulling him closer .

when she felt his hands on her waist , she grabbed his wrist and moved his hand higher , pressing his palm against her breast and arching into that caress .

`` rachel , '' she heard him groan and she smiled as she kissed him again , deeper , her mouth pressing against his .

when she felt him pull away , she shook her head and cried out for him not to leave her again .

with a groan , he kissed her back , hard , taking charge of the kiss and sending shivers throughout her whole body .

the dream was wonderful , she thought .

this had to be the best dream of rais she 'd ever had and it melted her mind , fizzled electricity through her toes and she wanted to sleep forever .

but his hand was moving on her breast and that made her ... not really uncomfortable .

that was n't the word .

it made her hot .

she kicked the blankets off of her and tried to cool down , but the heat only increased .

`` hot , '' she sighed and pressed herself against the heat , rubbing her body against his hard length .

`` too hot , '' she gasped .

rais shook his head , trying to clear it from the desire that was surging through him .

he pulled away , only to have her hands pull her down again .

`` rachel , '' he growled , not sure how to handle this .

she was still half asleep and , even knowing that , he wanted desperately to take advantage of her soft sighs and her sweet , warm body .

`` rachel , you have to wake up , '' he said and pulled his hand away from her perfect breast covered in only a thin , blue camisole .

she wore nothing but this top and her underwear and looked like any man 's dream woman .

all her curves were on display and when she pushed those blankets down , he was able to look at her slender waist , her slightly curved stomach and those hips that ended with her long , strong legs with muscles built up through years of riding and tough chores .

he told himself to look away , but this woman had been the subject of his fantasies for so long , he just could n't help but drink his fill .

she was even lovelier than he 'd imagined and he wanted to bend down and kiss her , to taste her and feel her wiggle underneath him .

`` do n't want to wake up , '' she sighed , and ran a hand down his chest .

rais caught her hand moments before she reached his erection that was pressing against his riding pants and he had to stand up and walk out of her bedroom .

in the kitchen , he braced his hands against the countertop , breathing hard and willing himself to regain control of his body .

knowing that she was in that bedroom , less than five feet away with barely any clothes on was painfully hard to resist .

and what made the whole situation worse was that she wanted him .

possibly just as much as he wanted her !

that was pure torture !

damn her !

why had she stayed away so long ?

why had she hidden from him ?

if she felt this way about him , she should have done something about it years ago !

he was furious with her for staying away , for denying them this attraction they felt for each other .

he 'd been aching for just the sight of her for six long years and all this time , she 'd been feeling the same way ?

he 'd be damned if he would hold back now !

he thought about last night , when she 'd turned and practically ran away from him he 'd thought she might not feel that way about him .

he 'd gotten the signals from her from the moment she 'd walked into her dad 's house but when she 'd run away , he 'd thought that maybe he 'd misunderstood .

now he knew better and she was n't going to pull away from him any longer !

no way !

all those other men she 'd had in the past ... .the men who had taught her to do those things she 'd just done to him ... .he 'd make them disappear from her mind .

no man was going to occupy that woman 's mind but him !

he heard movement behind her door and closed his eyes , reigning in that temper and the lust just in time .

she opened the door , pulling on her thin , cotton robe at the same time .

when she saw him , she yelped and almost jumped back into her bedroom , but instead , she pulled herself together and finished tying the robe closed , even clenching the neckline with one hand while she stood there in her bedroom doorway looking at him warily .