jerking his head up from mary , pesh snarled , `` get the f**king cart ! ''

as one of the nurses scrambled away , two others pulled the gurney from the elevator .

megan stood back , feeling helpless as to what to do .

once the cart arrived , pesh ripped open mary 's gown .

`` charging 260 joules . ''

he rubbed the paddles together .

`` clear ! ''

mary 's chest jolted off the gurney with the force of the electricity .

megan did n't need to look at the monitors .

the heart stayed in a flat line .

`` charging 360 joules . ''

megan closed her eyes when pesh administered the second shock .

`` dammit , jade , do n't do this !

try for me ! ''

megan could n't hold back the gasp that escaped her at pesh calling mary by his late wife 's name .

before pesh could do another charge , one of the surgeon 's stepped forward .

after he removed his mask , he put his hand on pesh 's back .

`` calling time of death . ''

defeated , pesh dropped his head .

slowly , he eased back from the gurney .

a nurse took the paddles from him and put them back on the cart .

`` i 'll go notify the family , '' pesh murmured .

the surgeon shook his head and stared pointedly at megan .

`` get a resident to do that .

nadeen , you go take a breather , buddy . ''

`` they deserve to speak to the doctor who was with her when she died . ''

`` you do n't need to do this . ''

pesh slung away from the surgeon and started for the elevator .

megan knew there was no point in arguing with him or trying to get one of the residents to take his place .

she did n't know if she should try to go to him or not .

she regretted her decision when he turned to face her in the elevator .

his expression was agonizingly broken .

as the doors closed , her heart ached for him .

she knew any doctor hated to lose a patient , especially a young one , but this went far deeper than that .

from his behavior , megan knew that mary 's death had exposed a raw nerve in pesh-one that after two years still had n't healed .

somehow he had seen his wife in mary , and once again , he was n't able to save her .

after she had escorted mary 's body back upstairs to wait on the funeral home , megan went in search of pesh .

she could n't find him in any of the exam rooms , nor was he in the doctors ' lounge or break room .

finally , she went to kristi for answers .

`` did you see where dr. nadeen went ? ''

kristi gave her a sad smile .

`` you 'll probably find him on the roof . ''

megan 's brows shot up in surprise .

`` the roof ? ''

kristi nodded .

`` whenever he has a really bad day about his wife- '' she sucked in a breath when she realized she might have said too much .

at the thought of pesh 's grief , megan 's chest tightened in agony .

he was too good of a man to have to suffer like he did .

`` so he goes up to the roof ? ''

megan finished for kristi .

`` he likes to be alone to clear his head .

although none of us would say anything , he usually ends up pulling another shift to make up for the time he was gone . ''

of course pesh would do something like that .

he was honorable every moment of his life , even after those of immense grief .

even though she knew he probably wanted and needed to be alone , megan wanted to check on him .

she could n't bear the thoughts of him suffering so much .

`` um , if it 's okay , i think i 'll go ahead and take my dinner break . ''

kristi gave her a knowing look before nodding .

`` sure , honey .

go right ahead . ''

megan smiled before brushing past kristi .

she bypassed the break room where her purse was .

instead , she kept going .

after a brisk walk down the hall , she got to the authorized personnel only stairwell .

she did n't dare use the elevator shaft where trauma patients were brought in from being airlifted .

without hesitation , megan swiped her access card .

when the lock clicked , she flung the door open and started up the flights of stairs .

she was winded when she reached the top .

cautiously , her hand hovered over the doorknob .

she could n't help wondering what she might find on the other side .

would pesh be an emotional mess ?

would he be angry that she had interrupted his private grieving ?

shaking the thoughts from her head , she flung open the door .

as she stepped onto the roof , the air grew cooler .

a breeze rippled her scrubs .

her gaze spun around frantically until she found him .

pesh stood at the edge of the roof .

his usual ramrod straight posture was slumped , his broad shoulders drawn in .

although she could n't see his face , his gaze seemed fixed straight ahead into the night sky .

to add insult to injury , clouds blotted out the stars , cloaking everything in darkness .

tentatively , she started over to him .

`` hey , '' she said softly .