rachel was so startled to see rais in her dad 's kitchen that she almost dove back into her bedroom .

after dreaming such vivid scenes of him making love to her she felt stunned to see him in the flesh like this .

he was ruggedly handsome with a darkness in his eyes that always fascinated her .

this morning , it seemed to be stronger .

there was something about him that was ... .almost magnetizing her eyes to his physique .

perhaps she was just imagining things after that dream that had felt so ... .real !

`` what are you doing here ? ''

she asked , her voice hoarse and dry .

she needed coffee desperately , but she 'd have to go around him to reach the coffee on the counter .

after the dream she 'd just had , she did n't want to get too close to him , afraid of what she might do .

she was still shaking from the impact of that dream and her body was almost humming in anticipation .

rais looked at her , taking in her long legs and her messed up hair .

she looked like she 'd just made love with passionate abandon and he had to close his eyes or lose that control again .

he took a deep breath and when he opened them again , he was back in control .

`` we were going riding this morning . ''

she shook her head and backed away .

`` no .

i 'm not going riding today .

i 'm going to help my dad in the stables . ''

he put his hands on his hips , shaking his head at her rejection while his grin grew wider .

she was challenging him and he thought she was adorable .

he would win her over but he was going to enjoy the chase .

`` you agreed to go riding with me last night .

that 's why i 'm here .

so go pull on riding clothes and let 's get out of here . ''

he stopped and his smile turned lethal .

`` unless there 's something more interesting that you 'd rather do inside . ''

he paused to let his words sink in before he said , `` i 'm open to suggestions . ''

she gasped and shook her head .

`` rais , i 'd really rather not go ... '' `` too bad .

you either come riding with me right now , and believe me , i have a great deal of ... energy ... to work off , '' he said , using the term diplomatically because he was still in a rage about the idea of another man touching her perfect , beautiful body , `` or i 'll take that as an invitation that you want me to stand here and think of other things to do with you . ''

she gasped at his suggestion , her eyes wide with the possibilities .

but before she could go much further , he took a step towards her and she yelped before diving back into her room .

`` ten minutes rachel .

you have ten minutes and then i 'm coming in after you . ''

she flew into the bathroom and showered , not bothering to wash her hair because she did n't have that kind of time .

she did n't think rais would really come in to fetch her in ten minutes .

he 'd always acted like a gentleman when he was around her in the past but something told her not to challenge him today .

she was n't sure he was willing to offer that same gentlemanly behavior this morning .

that look in his eyes told her that he appeared to be a man on the edge of a dangerous emotion and she had absolutely no idea how to deal with whatever was bothering him .

she showered and dried off in record time , her eyes flying to the clock every few seconds to gauge her progress .

she pulled on a pair of old riding pants and was just slipping her arms into the sleeves of an old , flannel shirt when the door to her bedroom flew open .

she swung around while her fingers fumbled with the buttons , trying to close her shirt .

`` that was n't ten minutes rais ! ''

she snapped at him .

he chuckled and walked further into her bedroom .

`` i realized that you did n't have any coffee this morning so i was trying to be nice and bring you some . ''

he set the cup on the dresser then backed up , but not completely .

`` cream and sugar , right ? ''

he asked , crossing his arms over his chest as he waited for her to finish buttoning her flannel shirt .

`` fine ! ''

she snapped , not even thanking him since he 'd barged in here like that .

`` you 'll need a sweater , '' he commented when she turned around and took a sip of the coffee .

`` it 's cooler outside than normal . ''

his eyes lit on her shirt , enjoying the way the buttons gaped in the center where her breasts pushed against the material .

`` i like the black lace , by the way . ''

she smacked her hand over her breasts , knowing exactly what he was looking at .

the shirt was one of her older ones and she 'd filled out more than she 'd realized over the years .

`` go away , '' she growled and set her cup back down on the dresser with a thud .

she pulled a large sweatshirt out of the top of her closet and pulled it over her head before turning back to him .