`` my boots are n't in here , '' she said and left , leaving him standing in her bedroom .

rais watched her walk out of her room , knowing that she was furious with him .

he thought it was cute the way her eyes flashed and her chin jutted out .

no one ever dared to show their anger at him , afraid of losing their job or even their life .

with a snap of his fingers , he could have someone imprisoned for life but this slender beauty did n't care .

she gave as good as she got and he thought it was adorable .

even sexy !

when he walked out , he was treated to a view of her cute bottom while she bent over , trying to pull her riding boots on .

she stumbled and he thought about reaching out to steady her , more than willing to help .

she must have read his mind because she swung around and glared at him .

he knew he was caught staring at her but did n't care .

he even smiled and continued to run his eyes over her slim figure , loving the way her cheeks turned even more colorful with each passing moment .

`` do n't you have things to do ?

wars to start or villages to plunder ? ''

she asked as she stomped her foot one more time to get the boot fully on .

he chuckled at her taunt , enjoying her dry wit .

`` i 'll plunder tomorrow .

today , i 'm completely free , and ready to entertain feisty brunettes . ''

rachel glared at him , wondering if he 'd meant to imply the double entendre .

`` let 's ride , '' she said and pulled the front door to the cottage open .

`` i 'm not spending the day with you though , '' she argued .

`` i 'm here to spend the weekend with my dad so you 're just out of luck . ''

rais smiled and followed her out the door , enjoying the view .

the horses were already saddled and were walking around one of the corrals .

at the first sight of rachel and rais coming down the pathway her horse , dolce , hurried over towards her , eager to be reunited with her companion .

rachel greeted her horse , petting her and loving her , telling her how beautiful she was , her hands sliding over the flanks of the horse to make sure that the stable hand had saddled her properly .

her father had given her this beauty when she was fourteen and dolce was getting up in the years but she was still a really wonderful horse .

`` would n't you like a younger ride ? ''

rais asked , already knowing the answer .

a rider and horse with that kind of commitment would n't want to be exchanged for a newer model .

he could tell they were inseparable .

`` shh ! ''

she snapped at him , running her hands over dolce 's long , shiny neck .

`` do n't say things like that !

you 'll hurt her feelings . ''

she turned to the horse and reassured her with soft words .

`` do n't listen to the bad man , sweetie .

he 's just mean and horrible . ''

rais rolled his eyes , but he was amused by her characterization of him .

`` mean and horrible ?

i do n't think anyone has actually said that to my face , or even in my hearing before . ''

`` oh , they say it , '' she said with a grin as she walked dolce out of the corral and pulled herself up onto dolce 's back on one graceful movement before she turned to look down at him from her new height .

`` you just probably put them in prison for it , do n't you ? ''

with that , she laughed and nudged the horse with her knees and off they were down the pathway .

rais watched her ride away , always mesmerized by the sight of rachel on her horse .

they were like one , he thought .

both of them knew exactly what the other was thinking and it was a stunning sight .

rachel 's hair flew out behind her back and she barely held onto the reigns , letting them hang loose while she controlled the horse with those incredible legs of hers .

when she turned the corner in the path and headed out of sight , rais realized that he 'd just been standing there like a lovesick idiot while she rode away .

he chuckled but remedied the situation quickly by pulling himself up on his stallion , turning him in the direction she 'd just disappeared into .

he caught up to her easily since his stallion was much younger and stronger than her mare .

he did n't even mind riding behind her , enjoying the view of her bottom bouncing on the saddle as she pushed the horse to a trot .

they rode through their usual paths , down by the creek , up through the pastures and along the river .

the path had n't been used as often , but it was still there .

when they reached the creek once again , he pulled up beside her and gently pulled at dolce 's reigns , slowing her down until they were stopped .

`` why did you do that ? ''

rachel asked , refusing to get down from the mare 's back .

rais was n't having any of that .

he jumped down from his stallion and came around to her .

when she refused to come down , he simply reached up and lifted her off the horse .