`` i was n't finished riding , '' she said angrily and pushed her way out of his arms .

`` let 's walk , '' he said , ignoring her comment .

she sighed and let dolce nibble on the grass next to the other horse .

`` why ? ''

she asked and took several steps backwards .

the sun was starting to warm up the air and her sweatshirt was getting a bit too hot , but she could n't pull it off because she knew her shirt was too small underneath .

`` tell me about your job , '' he said and pulled a leaf off of the tree .

she did the same , examining the veins on the leaf as she absently walked beside him .

`` what do you want to know ? ''

he shrugged slightly as he looked down onto her shiny hair .

`` everything .

it 's been years since we talked like this and i remember how you would change your career goals about every month when you were a kid .

you wanted to be everything ranging from a gourmet chef , neurosurgeon or gardener who would save the world .

besides , i miss talking to you .

it 's been too long . ''

rachel knew he was right , but she did n't want to talk to him .

she did n't want to even be near him .

this morning felt like old times , before she realized what he meant to her and before he hurt her by being with so many other women .

`` i plan parties .

i help others figure out what they want and get it for them . ''

he heard the resistance in her voice but was n't going to accept defeat .

he wanted to get to know the woman she 'd become and he usually got what he wanted .

`` and do you enjoy that kind of work ? ''

she shrugged , afraid to give him any insight into her life .

he could use it to hurt her in some way so she was as evasive as possible .

she stopped along the path and turned to face him , squinting up at him despite the sunshine .

`` rais , what do you want from me ? ''

he leaned against a tree and looked down at her .

he thought of several different ways he could answer her question , but rejected each of them , deciding instead to be bluntly honest with her .

`` i want you . ''

she blinked at his response , not sure she heard him correctly .

`` excuse me ? ''

he almost laughed at her stunned reaction , but held back so she would know that he was completely serious about what he was about to say .

`` i want you , in my bed .

naked and calling out to me , as excited to be with me as i am to be with you . ''

she could n't believe how direct he was but she should have known better .

`` that 's impossible , '' she said softly and started walking again .

`` why ? ''

he asked as he fell into step with her .

`` why what ? ''

she asked .

she could n't help it , but the idea of having sex , not just with rais , but with any man , was terrifying .

she had a deep dread of the sexual act , afraid of the pain and humiliation of it all .

and sex with rais ?

that would be even more terrifying , even if she knew that their relationship had a future , which it did n't since rais was n't the kind of man to have just one woman in his life .

`` why would a relationship between the two of us be impossible ? ''

he clarified .

they were walking along a path that went in and out of the sunshine as they passed under trees , stepped over rocks and jumped the creek as the path wound its way through the woods along the border of his property .

she had to laugh at his question as she balanced one foot on a rock before jumping onto another , keeping her feet out of the quickly flowing water .

`` well , first of all , you were just talking about sex which is n't a relationship , i 'm sorry to inform you .

but secondly , you do n't do relationships , rais .

you 're not a one woman kind of man and i do n't really enjoy being just another in a long line of women in your life . ''

he thought about that for a moment and nodded .

she had some valid concerns and he could easily explain away those women , but he did n't want to frighten her .

he had to show her that she could trust him .

`` so if i were to declare fidelity to you , that would reassure you of my intentions ? ''

she glanced up at him , then away .

`` no rais .

we 're not going down that road . ''

she abruptly turned around and headed back to the horses , intending to ride back to the stables and start brushing down dolce .

`` where are you going ? ''

`` this conversation is finished .

i have things to do . ''

she heard him behind her only moments before he grabbed her arm and spun her around .

`` so do i , '' he said .

a moment later , his mouth covered hers , obliterating her admonishment for him to leave her alone .

she stood still for all of one second , maybe only half that time , before she whimpered and her arms went around his neck , her fingers holding onto his shirt tightly because she was n't sure what to do .