this seemed so familiar to her , like it had just happened a few hours ago but that was impossible .

she could n't help but kiss him back , feeling her body ignite as his hands moved around her waist and pulled her against his hard body .

she 'd never felt anything like this , her whole mind shut down from reality while he kissed her .

his tongue moved inside her mouth , tangling with hers and driving her more insane , heating her up even higher with a need she did n't really understand .

he pulled away for a moment , both of them staring at each other as if to gauge the other 's reactions , their breathing heavy and labored .

`` we ca n't do this , rais , '' she finally whispered , but her body pressed against his , her mouth opened to scream out but nothing happened as his head dipped down again towards her , his mouth explored her neck , her ear , finding little places that made her shiver and go crazy .

`` we seem to be doing it quite well already , '' he replied , his hand moving underneath her sweatshirt , then under her shirt to finally find her soft skin .

`` this is n't right , '' she sighed and shivered when she felt his hand against her skin , the rough calluses creating a delightful texture that she had n't expected possible .

`` it 's very right . ''

he pulled her hand down and pressed her palm against his heart .

`` this is what you do to me , '' he said and pushed her backwards , looking down at her the whole time .

`` i want you , rachel .

i think you 're one of the most beautiful and intriguing women i 've ever met in my life . ''

if he had n't stopped touching her , she might have been lost .

but his words did n't sound right .

they felt practiced and insincere .

maybe it was her suspicious nature , or perhaps it was just too close to what she wanted to hear .

but the words were like a cold bucket of water over her libido .

`` is that what you used to whisper to all those other women ?

the ones you used to bring out to your house and make love to in the stables or near the rose garden ? ''

she asked , her eyes focused and her hand steady even if her heart was still pounding away .

he lifted his head and looked down at her , trying to translate her words .

`` i 've never said those things to another woman , '' he replied .

she watched him , wondering if he was sincere or again telling her what she wanted to hear .

`` that 's a shame .

you might have made more progress in working your way through the female population if you had used those lines .

they 're very pretty . ''

she pushed away from him , standing up straight and stepping back .

she was relieved that he allowed her the space because she was on the borderline between just letting him continue , wanting to know what all those other women knew .

she wanted to feel what they experienced just once in her lifetime .

with this man .

she knew she was close to giving in , to throwing caution to the wind and begging him to make love to her despite the fears that were always lurking in the back of her mind .

thankfully , sanity prevailed and she took a deep breath to steady herself .

`` i have to go , '' she said , hurrying over to dolce so she would n't change her mind .

`` rachel ! ''

he stopped her with a word and she froze .

`` what happened ? ''

he asked , calm on the outside , but inside he was furious and confused , and in more pain from need than he 'd ever experienced .

she shuddered and started to turn around , but stopped and continued walking away from him .

`` this just is n't right , rais .

you 're experienced enough to get me to want you but it is n't enough . ''

`` what the hell are you talking about , rachel ? ''

he demanded , striding around her so that he was in between her and her horse .

`` you were right there with me so do n't even deny that . ''

`` you 're a very experienced lover , rais .

any woman would ... .feel things when you do that with her . ''

he smiled and crossed his arms over his chest arrogantly .

`` are you really going to stand there and tell me that the only reason you felt what you did was because i 'm more experienced than your previous lovers ? ''

she was n't exactly sure how to answer that so she went with the truth .

`` i can honestly say that you 're significantly more experienced than all of my past lovers combined . ''

that was such a stunning comment , he was actually speechless .

he watched , dumbstruck , as she walked over to her horse and lifted herself up .

with a last glance , she turned dolce towards the stables and rode off , leaving him standing by the creek watching her , wanting her painfully .

but more importantly , wanting to understand what she 'd meant .

he 'd bet large sums of money that , when he returned , she would have found an excuse to head back into the city .

with a self-satisfied grin , he reached for his own stallion and saddled up himself .