giving her plenty of time to find her father and make her excuses , he rode the long way around the path , ending up in front of his own house and calling for his butler to take care of the horse .

he normally preferred to rub down his mounts and ensure that they were well fed after he 'd ridden them , but in this instance , he had plans to make , calls to put through .

the woman thought she could get away after making a comment like that ?

she did n't know him very well .

rachel rode right back to the stables , wanting to head back to her apartment .

but she could n't do that .

first of all , she had n't seen her father in several weeks and she knew he was lonely .

secondly , if she ran back to the city , rais would know that he 'd gotten to her .

he might think her departure was proof that he had some sort of power over her .

she could n't let him think that way .

so she stayed , ready to keep her distance , but also wanting to show him that she was n't affected by him , that she did n't need to run and hide about his statement .

thinking that the safest place to avoid rais would be hanging around the other stable help , she unsaddled dolce , rubbed her down and then sent her out to the pasture to have fun .

when she was finished , she looked around for her father , saw him working with one of the vets and gave him space .

`` hi jim , '' she said to one of the other stable hands as she patted the horse he 'd been working with into the pasture to follow dolce .

`` want some help ? ''

she asked , taking one of the pitchforks off of the wall and moving into one of the other stalls , not waiting for an answer .

it was a dirty job , but the horses needed a clean area in which they could sleep and stay warm at night so mucking out the stalls just had to be done .

they stayed in the pasture as much as possible so they could get exercise and freedom , but they came into the stables overnight .

she enjoyed the worked because it was hard and made her muscles sore .

but more to the point , jim was a good guy with lots of funny quips about working with horse manure and pitchforks and he made her laugh , forgetting for the time her conversation with rais down by the creek .

she was on her third stall when she heard an angry voice in the doorway .

`` what the hell are you doing ? ''

rais demanded , hands on his hips as he watched her with furious eyes .

rachel spun around to looked up at him , trying to hide the shaking she instantly felt when he was close not to mention that the man 's anger was more than a little intimidating .

pretending that she was n't affected , she shrugged and turned away from him .

`` i 'm making toast , '' she replied with a ridiculous sense of humor .

she did n't bother to answer him honestly because what she was doing was obvious .

`` and you 're in my way , '' she said as she bent to pick up a dark pile of something unnamed from the corner before turning to load it into the wheelbarrow , only to find him standing in front of it , looking like he might explode with fury at any moment .

`` you will not be doing this kind of labor , '' he growled out .

he took the pitchfork from her hands and dropped it onto the dirt floor .

grabbing her wrist , he pulled her out of the stall .

`` you there ! ''

he called out to jim who was just pushing another wheelbarrow out of a stall several down from where they stood .

`` finish up in here and make sure this woman does n't do any kind of work like this again ! ''

jim was in his twenties and had only been working on the farm for about two years .

so he did n't have the kind of tenure that the other stable hands had with rais and was terrified .

he nodded his head quickly then hurried into the stall and took over the pitchfork .

she was so angry at rais for scaring the younger employee that she spun around to confront him , yanking her wrist out of his grip .

or tried to .

he was n't letting her go so she just glared up at him .

`` that was unnecessary and the work has to be done , rais .

you 're being silly because i can do the work just as easily as he can . ''

`` enough , '' he snapped and pulled her along to one of the recently cleaned stalls .

he pulled her inside and slammed the door .

at least he released her hand and she rubbed the skin where he 'd held her wrist while he paced back and forth in the small confines of the stall , running his hand over his face and hair .

`` you wo n't be doing that kind of work rachel .

do n't ever let me catch you doing that again . ''

she leaned against the wall , crossing her arms over her stomach .

`` why should n't i ?

i 'm no better than they are . ''

`` you are ... . '' he stopped , his black eyes looking down at her accusingly before he said , `` you ! ''