she gasped and reached down , tugging her shirt tails so that the gap was n't so apparent .

she glared at him when she caught him laughing at her movement .

and she thought she might actually hate him when his eyebrow went up .

curse him !

there was no way he could tell that her nipples had hardened while he watched her .

he was too far away , there was no way he could know .

but they had .

and she actually thought her breasts had swelled slightly , as if he were caressing them , his mouth lowering to taste the peaks and ... she shifted slightly and his grin widened once again .

was he actually making love to her in his mind out here by the corral ?

and how was it that she knew exactly what he was thinking ?

no , she gasped when his eyes went even lower .

she shuffled her legs in the dust , her breathing ragged as her body responded to the heat in his eyes as he looked lower , his gaze focusing on the juncture of her legs .

she lowered her gaze , her eyes almost unwillingly lowering to find that his erection was more apparent .

it was n't obscene at the moment , but she could easily distinguish the large indentation where it had previously been flat .

her face paled and her eyes pulled away .

the excitement of a moment ago was gone , replaced by the panic she felt every time she thought about the intimate act .

she pulled away from the corral fence and shook her head slightly .

she turned to the left , terrified of the evidence in front of her but too flustered to figure out where she was or where to go .

she glanced back slightly , but only to see his face while she walked over to say something to her father .

she must have said something that convinced her dad that she was okay , because he patted her shoulder and turned back to give additional instructions to the training assistant who was in the corral with the horse .

she hurried down the path and turned the corner around the stable .

when she was finally out of sight , she leaned against the stable wall and took deep breaths , forcing herself to calm down .

she hated the way she reacted to the idea of sex every time .

she was just fine with her dates up until the point that they wanted to discuss becoming intimate , but then she just shut down .

she 'd never had a full blown panic attack though .

nothing like this had ever happened and she had to concentrate to keep herself from hyperventilating .

perhaps it was because she 'd never seen evidence like that before .

surely it was just because she was so far away that he looked so large .

that did n't make sense , but it certainly helped her to regain her composure .

she walked several more feet away , then slipped back into the stables .

she walked by the horses who were being cleaned and even patted one on the nose , further decreasing the panic and allowing her mind to start to function a little bit more rationally .

she felt a bit silly now that she was away from rais and away from the power he had over her .

she stopped at the ladder to the loft , then smiled as she remembered climbing up into the loft and looking down at the stable workers .

she 'd seen so much from up here .

from this vantage point , she could see into all the stalls , both stable doors as well as the side doors and even her father 's office down the way although she could n't see inside of it .

this had been her hideout , the place she 'd come when she was hurt or angry , sad or happy .

she 'd brought friends up here and they 'd played cards when her father would n't let her ride any longer .

if she had n't been in the rose garden doing her homework , she 'd be up here .

it was a magical , secret place where she could read for hours and get a bird 's eye understanding of what went on throughout the day on the farm .

she pushed several of the spare bales of hay around , forming a sort of couch where she could curl up and watch , think about what had just happened .

she was so deep in thought , she did n't hear the other person climb the ladder .

she did n't hear rais as he stopped at the top of the loft and watched her for a long moment , contemplating her long hair with small pieces of straw sticking out on various sides .

he walked over to the edge and looked down into the stables .

`` so this is where you saw everything that happened over the years , eh ? ''

rachel started and twisted around , surprised to find him standing right behind her .

he was so tall he had to duck down slightly or he 'd hit his head on the roof of the stables , but otherwise , he looked 'right ' up here in the straw and hay bales .

`` what are you doing up here ? ''

she asked , curling up into a ball , almost defensively .

she wrapped her arms around her legs and stared up at him , then glanced behind him to the ladder .

`` do n't go trying to run out on my again , '' he said and sat down next to her on her makeshift 'couch ' .