instead , her lips opened slightly , her tongue darted out to wet her lips in anticipation , and her eyes looked into his , her body already turning towards him .

when his lips touched hers , she gasped at the heat , the electric shock .

she 'd never felt anything like this and she shivered , her fingers curling up and diving into his hair while he kissed her .

she sighed slightly and kissed him back , unable to resist him when he was acting like this .

she melted in his arms , feeling her shyness slip away .

that irritation she normally felt when in a man 's arms was n't there either so it was a nice feeling to actually want a man to embrace her .

why was it that the only person who stirred her interest like this was the one man who was so completely wrong for her ?

he leaned over , pulling her with him so that she was on her back , leaning down in the soft pile of hay that covered the floor of the loft .

he could look down at her with desire shining brightly in his eyes and her fingers shook slightly , but she did n't want him to stop .

not yet anyway .

his hand slowly , gently moved her hand off of her shirt , pushing it gently to the side then his own hand moved back to the front of her shirt .

his deft hands slowly unbuttoned the front , his eyes watching with heat as her skin was slowly revealed to his gaze .

rachel was breathing heavily now , her body on fire for his touch but there was also a small warning in the back of her mind .

she ignored it , transfixed by the way his fingers would undo a button , then skim along the skin underneath .

the autumn air was too warm for a sweatshirt , but as the buttons were released , she realized how cool it actually was .

and then his fingers would touch her skin and she would be hot again .

with each button , the process reoccurred , the cool air , the heat , cool air , instant heat .

when he reached the button that held the fabric over her breasts , she held her breath , almost afraid of the process but he did n't stop .

his eyes watched in fascination as the button was released and he pushed the material away .

she was n't sure what to expect when he finally saw her breasts , but the sharp intake of his breath made her feel sexy and powerful .

unfortunately , the raw surge of energy that spiked through her when his hand covered her breast was frightening .

gone was that heavenly desire that made her arms almost limp with the need to have him hold her .

it was replaced by that fear that she always felt when a man touched her too intimately .

she jumped with the feeling , grabbed his wrist and held him away from her as she looked up at him fearfully .

that warning bell in her head was louder now and her eyes looked up into his .

`` what 's wrong ? ''

he asked , his whole body stilled when she pulled back .

rachel did n't want this feeling to go away .

maybe if she just pushed through the fear , that wonderful feeling would come back .

maybe she could just pretend it was n't there and she could continue on .

she shook her head and pulled his hand back down against her breast .

`` nothing , '' she said .

`` kiss me please , '' she begged , then reached up to his head and pulled him down , her mouth kissing him and feeling relief when he took charge , increasing the pressure and that bell faded slightly .

but when he shifted his weight , pressing her back and moving his legs between hers , the bell sounded loud and clear .

she shook her head , pulled away and rais immediately stopped , lifting his head .

unfortunately , that was n't enough .

`` i have to go , '' she gasped , scrambling out from underneath him .

she tripped on the bale of hay behind her , righted herself and grabbed the beam overhead to steady herself as she almost ran for the ladder down out of the loft .

she was holding her shirt together as she descended , barely able to steady herself on her decent , but knowing that she had to get away .

`` rachel ! ''

he called out when his mind cleared enough to realize that she was n't just shifting but running away .

again !

this time though , it did n't look like she was trying to avoid him so much as just terrified .

he immediately started to think that perhaps someone had done something to her , something to scare her into hating or being afraid of sex .

he watched with rising fury as she ran out of the stables , her fingers barely holding her shirt together as she sprinted as far away from him as she could get .

chapter 3 rachel sighed with relief as she pulled into the parking lot of her downtown office building .

she smoothed the tan skirt down over her hips , then pulled the suit 's jacket off the backseat of her vehicle , wanting to look nice for work today .

she had a big wedding she was assisting with this coming weekend which would really help her in the firm .

the company she worked for , elegant events , was one of the preeminent events firms in the city , catering to some of the wealthiest and most powerful people in washington , d.c .