the wedding this weekend was for a senator 's daughter who was getting married at the mayflower hotel , one of the ritziest and well known establishments in the city .

everyone in town was working hard to get an invitation to this event .

all the who 's who will be there this weekend .

although she was n't in charge of the wedding , being too inexperienced at this point in her career , she was one of four assistants who were helping the main coordinator , a tyrant named marissa banks who was one of the best in the industry .

rachel had been working long hours to ensure that her tasks for the wedding were all taken care of well in advance of the deadline marissa had set out .

so as she walked into the building , she was reviewing her notes , looking at all the items that would be reviewed in the monday morning meeting so that she could be able to tell marissa that all of her to-do items were completed .

`` rachel , you 're wanted in derrick 's office , '' the receptionist called out as soon as rachel passed through the frosted glass doors .

rachel looked over at lenora , the sweet and friendly receptionist who guarded the lobby area with sugar coated words , helping the clients with coffee and tea , ensuring that everyone felt like they were the company 's number one client from the moment they walked in the door .

rachel was halfway through the lobby area when she did a double take at lenora 's words .

derrick was the head of the firm and ran the agency with flair and good humor .

she really liked him , knew that he 'd grown this agency from almost nothing so she had a great deal of respect for him as well .

`` i 'm supposed to be in marissa 's meeting in ten minutes , '' rachel called back .

`` are you sure derrick wanted me ? ''

it was almost unheard of for the head of the agency to speak with one of the lowly junior members of the staff .

lenora nodded her head emphatically .

`` derrick asked for you personally , rachel .

he seemed very excited about something . ''

rachel closed her file folder and looked around as if she could find the reason for this unexpected summons in the walls or carpeting .

the lobby area was done in shades of white and cream colors with fresh flowers brought in every week in various shades depending on the season .

because fall was in full swing , there were yellows and golds this week , creating a stark contrast to the white and cream decor .

but even the flowers could n't provide an explanation .

`` did he say what this was about ? ''

lenora shrugged her shoulders and answered the next call , efficiently directing the call to the appropriate person .

rachel went to her tiny office and put her notes down .

she pulled the papers out of the folder she 'd worked on yesterday after returning home from her father 's cottage .

okay , she acknowledged to herself that it was more of a running away scenario .

she 'd spent the rest of saturday evening locked away in her tiny apartment vacillating between fits of anger over rais for pushing her to the breaking point and crying at how pathetic he probably viewed her after the pitiable way she 'd scrambled away from him in the loft .

even now , thinking about the dumbfounded expression on his handsome face when she 'd glanced back up to him from the stable doorway , she could n't believe how childish she 'd acted .

she looked at her small desk covered with vendor information and brochures , her computer screen with sticky notes on three sides and even her lamp had reminder notes .

this was not the time to work through her fear of intimacy with the fabulously handsome but terrifyingly large sheik of dunari , she reminded herself .

she had tons of work to do and missing anything over the next five days would be extremely bad for her career .

the phone by her elbow rang , startling her out of her private lecture and she looked down at the number .

it was an internal call and she nervously picked up the receiver .

`` this is rachel . ''

`` rachel , could you come to my office quickly please ? ''

derrick said with his precise , cultured accent .

derrick was wonderful and flamboyant and everything that a gay man epitomized .

and he was completely faithful to his partner , a lawyer in a d.c. firm that was powerful because of his own connections and abilities .

she knew that the summons had been phrased as a question , but it was much more along the lines of a command performance .

`` i 'll be right there . ''

she walked out of her office quickly , stopping by marissa 's office which was larger and much more elegant and , thankfully , along the way to derrick 's office as well .

because of marissa 's experience and her client list , the woman had enough space for a much larger desk , several filing cabinets and a round table with luxurious chairs surrounding it so that she could discuss plans with her clients in comfort .

`` marissa , i 'm so sorry to do this but derrick has called me down to his office .

i wanted to stop by and hand you my task list and let you know the status of each , '' she said and handed her notes to the older woman .

`` i should be finished with him soon although i do n't know what derrick wants me for but here are my tasks that you assigned to me last week and where each issue stands , just in case i wo n't be out before you start your status meeting . ''