marissa glanced down at rachel 's neatly typed notes and nodded .

`` this looks good .

thank you for being so conscientious .

let me know when you 're out of your meeting with derrick so i can give you the next steps for the wedding this weekend . ''

rachel nodded her head and left the office , nervous about whatever derrick might need to speak with her about .

as she walked down the hallway , she went through her tasks for the past few weeks .

had she missed something ?

or had someone complained about her performance ?

she could n't think of any other reason why she would be called down to the owner 's luxurious office .

`` go on in , '' debra said as soon as rachel stuck her head into the private area where derrick 's office was located .

the whole floor was done in shades of white and cream and this area was no exception .

the cushioned chairs were in white and gold , the tables were topped with glass and cream colored legs .

all the desks at this end of the hallway were glass with gold and cream stands .

all colors coordinated beautifully , enhancing the feeling of the agency being a strong wedding group , but the shots of color indicating that they could do much more for their clients than just weddings .

rachel knocked on the door and stepped in when derrick looked up .

`` what on earth did you do this weekend , dear ? ''

he asked immediately and waved for her to come inside and sit down .

rachel did n't want to talk about her weekend on the farm with her dad ... or anything having to do with rais .

just the memory of being in rais ' arms saturday afternoon made her ache all over again , followed by the painful embarrassment of running away because they went too far for her pathetically timid little mind to handle .

`` i went to visit my dad , '' she explained honestly , omitting the part where she had to explain that her father worked on the horse farm of one of the wealthiest and most powerful men in the world .

`` well , i do n't know what you 've done recently , but you 're now the official washington , d.c. planner for the sheik of dunari . ''

he clapped his hands together for emphasis and waited for her reaction .

when she simply sat there for a long moment , derrick took her silence to mean she was just as overwhelmed as he was hoping she would be upon the news .

`` and what 's even better ?

he has a series of parties that need to be worked over the next few months .

you 're going to be a very busy lady !

and the envy of everyone in the office , i 'm thinking .

this is a major coup for you ! ''

rachel 's mouth fell open and she wanted to protest , but the words simply would n't come out .

parties ?

for rais ?

that 's crazy !

that would mean being around him , talking with him , being trapped in his presence more often than she could endure !

derrick did n't notice her fear and continued talking about the events to be worked .

`` so here 's the current list of parties , some of them are small , intimate gatherings which should be relatively easy for you to handle .

the others are a bit more elaborate so you 'll need to work directly with me on those so i can help you out when you get stuck .

i 'll help you with vendors to make sure that all of them are top notch .

i know that marissa thinks she has the best in town , but i have many more contacts that can work magic when i need them to . ''

she was still stunned from the news , terrified of the responsibility that rais was handing to her as well as what he might be expecting of her personally .

she looked up , noticing that derrick was looking at her expectantly , obviously waiting for her to become a bit more effusive in her excitement .

her hand fluttered around her head , wondering what words she could say that could get her out of this predicament .

derrick would n't understand her need to maintain a very big distance between herself and the fabulously wealthy sheik of dunari .

distance simply was n't 'done ' in this line of business .

`` i 'm obviously grateful for this opportunity , '' she finally stammered out when she remembered to close her mouth and think .

she shook her head , her hand forming a fist as she slowly said , `` i do n't think i 'm experienced enough to handle these kinds of parties .

surely someone with more events under their belt should be put in charge of such an important client . ''

derrick was already shaking his head .

`` the man asked for you personally .

he said he 'd seen your work and liked the way you handle yourself .

which was why i asked what you 'd done this weekend , in case you 'd attended some fancy shin dig that i should know about , '' he laughed , as if something like that could actually happen .

derrick knew everything that was happening in the city and anything he did n't know about , was n't worth attending anyway .

`` but ... '' `` no buts , darling .

this is huge for you .

and do n't worry , i explained that you 'd never handled anything this large on your own before and he said he would help you through each step .