in fact , you 're expected this afternoon for a wine tasting with the man himself for the first party .

he 's arranging all of the travel because , and this is in his words , he does n't want you wasting time on traffic issues when you could be spending your time servicing his needs . ''

derrick chuckled at what he thought was an unintended pun , but rachel knew that rais had probably meant that exactly as it had come out .

had rais worked all weekend to come up with this list of parties ?

or did he genuinely need to entertain like this ?

she knew that , in the past , he had entertained a great deal .

she used to watch the catering vans and florists come and go from the main house on many occasions , had even helped out in some of the events , working with lucy to polish the silver before rais arrived .

this list did n't seem out of proportion , but it did seem convenient .

she 'd have something to say about this as soon as she called him .

and her first comment would be that he would have to find someone else to organize his damn parties because she was n't going to do it !

derrick eagerly discussed the first party , giving her suggestions on where to get the caterer , the wines and even the florist , all very irritating comments since rachel had been working up her own list of vendors that she trusted .

derrick simply waved her assurances aside and told her to use his vendors for these events because he could be assured of both their discretion and superior quality .

when she was finally back at her office , she picked up her cell phone and called lucy .

`` hi there , it 's me .

i 'm trying to reach rais .

any way you might be able to get him on the line ? ''

lucy was the housekeeper and more like an aunt to rachel since she 'd grown up without a mother and lucy did n't have any children .

for as long as rachel could remember , lucy had been the woman she 'd gone to when she needed a woman 's advice .

`` i just saw his highness pass by , honey .

i 'll go get him , '' she said .

lucy did n't have the same kind of relationship with rais as rachel and her father had , so there was much more formality between her and her employer .

but lucy still enjoyed working for rais and made all of his favorite dishes whenever he came to town , spoiling the man in a ridiculous fashion , in rachel 's personal opinion .

when she 'd been a kid , lucy 's efforts had been amusing .

now , with rachel 's adult perspective , she considered it just another way that rais charmed women to get what he wanted .

a moment later , lucy transferred rachel 's call to rais who apparently was in his office .

she could just see him , kicked back in that huge leather chair , his booted feet up on the massive oak desk in his office that was almost always covered with documents and contracts covering the wide range of businesses rais had in the united states .

`` rachel , what can i do for you , '' he said cheerfully , that deep voice sending shivers through her body even from a distance .

`` the helicopter is on its way to pick you up for our meeting this afternoon .

i hope you have some good wines for me to choose from . ''

her hand gripped the phone almost painfully as her anger with him welled up at his cheerful tone .

`` i ca n't believe you 're messing with my job like this .

i really do n't like this one little bit , rais . ''

she was furious with him for putting her job in jeopardy .

he laughed softly , enjoying her spitfire attitude .

`` i would have thought working for me was quite a coup in your line of work , my dear .

so what wines are you bringing me to taste ? ''

he asked .

rachel was gritting her teeth , furious that he was purposely missing the point .

`` do n't do this , rais .

i 'm begging you to leave me out of whatever you have planned . ''

`` i have to include you , my dear .

it 's the only way i can see you .

if things were left up to you , i 'm guessing that it will be another six years before we accidentally ran into each other again . ''

`` you 're right ! ''

she hissed , unafraid of angering him .

others might cater to his whims and moods but she was n't going to take it from this arrogant man .

`` so i 'm not leaving things up to you , '' he countered , his voice deep and husky , but firm with his intention .

`` i 'll see you at one o'clock , my dear .

we 'll have lunch with the wines . ''

with that , he disconnected the call and rachel was left staring at her phone with rising anger .

he was manipulating her and she did n't like it at all !

a shadow appeared in her doorway and rachel wiped the fury from her expression just in time to see a livid marissa to stand there , framed by her door and shaking with fury .

`` just so you know , '' marissa said with an angry voice as she stood inside rachel 's office , `` this is n't over !