what a mess , she thought .

she could n't even counter their impressions because , unfortunately , it was true .

she had to get out of here .

her office was tiny and she felt as if the walls were closing in on her .

she hated this feeling so she grabbed her notebook and her purse before rushing out of her office .

she ran into several co-workers in the hallway but they all looked away , avoiding her eyes .

that hurt , she thought .

it meant that they all knew and all were gossiping .

either about her fight with marissa or the woman 's horrible accusations .

how could her sex life even become a topic of conversation ?

what would cause them to speculate on things like that ?

she dated and she had friends who she would talk about her weekends with them .

they all discussed their dates over lunch in the kitchen or when they went out for lunches or dinners , sometimes even happy hours .

and yes , several of the other women would give details that rachel thought might be a bit too intimate , but just because she did n't share similar details about her dates , that should n't imply that she did n't have intimate details to share .

okay , so it might mean that , but her co-workers could n't know that .

for all they knew , she was just being respectful , a woman who did n't kiss and tell .

she slumped down in her car , grateful for the dim lights of the parking garage which allowed her to pull herself together .

so what if she did n't sleep around ?

that was none of their business .

she did n't sleep with clients , she did n't sleep with guys that she could n't feel something for ... that was a decision for her to decide and was n't any one else 's information .

she took a deep breath , putting things into perspective and came to realize that it was n't that they knew she did n't sleep around .

it was more the fact that it was common knowledge .

she hated being the topic of someone else 's conversations .

it was just demoralizing .

she started her car and pulled out , driving to the address derrick had given her so she could pick up the bottles of wine he 'd selected for this afternoon .

she had no idea why rais wanted to test out the wines .

he entertained all the time and she did n't think he even cared what wines were served as long as they were of excellent quality .

perhaps there was something about these specific vintages that he wanted to try before serving .

maybe they were new or tricky .

she did n't really have a big taste for wine but knew from her training which wines to select for various meals .

at this point , she did n't care .

she would bill the man for every hour that she worked for him and maybe he would regret doing something so outrageous as asking her to organize his parties .

unfortunately , as the hour approached when she would see rais again , her nerves started getting the better of her .

she 'd picked up several samples of wines , cheeses and various other interesting ideas for his first party and had them stored in large boxes , ready to take out to him .

she did n't mind flying but she 'd never been in a helicopter before so this was going to be interesting .

at the heliport , she allowed the attendant to carry the heavy boxes to the waiting helicopter and she approached at a slower pace , not eager to get into the contraption .

this one looked significantly larger than what she was expecting , even having the dunari royal seal on the sides .

there were two big , burly men who were watching her approach and she suspected they were body guards for rais , but why they would be here , she had no idea .

should n't they be out at the farm protecting him ?

she knew they were always there , but they guarded the inside of the main house and the perimeter of the property , rarely venturing down to the stables .

the helicopter lifted off and rachel 's stomach dropped out of her body .

she gripped the cases of wine in her right hand and the door handle in her left , praying silently that the pilot knew what he was doing .

it might take her two hours to get out to the farm by car , but when one did n't have to deal with traffic and red lights , or even rights and lefts to get to the correct street , it was much faster .

the pilot simply flew over all the little ant sized cars below , flying directly to the farm and landing on rais ' private helipad .

george , one of the older gardeners , was even there to meet her and carry the case of wine and the other box of delicacies from the helicopter to the back of his truck .

it took less than thirty minutes to get from her office building to the main house and she was shaking the whole time .

rais was standing on the front of the steps , watching as george drove her up the long driveway .

when he pulled up at the front of the house , rais walked down the steps and opened the door for her .

she almost did n't get out of the truck as she gazed at his victorious eyes , filled with intent that made her stomach muscles tighten even more .