and no man could match up to rais ' manliness , she thought silently .

`` that and other reasons .

but yes .

so when you want me to give you a number , i ca n't do that .

nor can i be casual about sex like you are . ''

he pulled her closer , kissing her shoulder softly .

`` i do n't think there would be anything casual when i finally get you into bed , rachel . ''

she swung her head around , looking up at him with an anxious expression on her face .

`` when ?

not if ? ''

he shook his head .

`` we will happen , my dear .

and it 's going to be soon .

but i promise that you wo n't be scared and you will enjoy every moment of it along the way . ''

he was thinking back to saturday morning and the way she 'd responded to his touch , begging him in her sleep to keep going .

yes , she would be doing that with him again .

very soon , he thought .

he dropped his hand and stepped back .

`` in the meantime , let 's have lunch and you can help me decide on which wine to serve . ''

she breathed a bit easier now that he was walking back towards the lunch table .

she thought it was sweet that lucy had chosen the pink roses to decorate the table and she walked closer .

`` these are my favorites , '' she said , touching the delicate petals of one of the perfect , pink roses with just a hint of red on the tips of each petal .

`` i remember the day you brought this plant here to your rose garden .

i was so excited to see what it would be like after you described it to me . ''

`` i remember the day , '' he replied with a nostalgic smile .

he 'd made a special trip to german to find this particular rose , wanting to surprise her with it .

almost all of the roses had been his gift to her , although she did n't even know it .

when she was fourteen years old , he 'd hired a man to find a special rose bush for her .

when he saw how excited she was by the roses , how she preferred to do her homework in the rose garden , he 'd built up his collection of roses , trying to find unique and hardy flowers she might enjoy .

`` i like the ones that have a stronger scent , but you want the ones with the most vibrant color . ''

rachel laughed and pulled her hand away .

`` i used to love just laying in the garden and smelling the roses .

my dad would find me lying in the dirt , homework still not finished and he 'd drag me back to the stables so he could monitor me while i finished . ''

rais remembered several occasions like that .

he would chuckle from his office window as he watched her father storm up to the rose garden , irritated that he 'd had to come look for her .

but she was always there .

`` he used to call them 'damn girly flowers ' whenever he found me over there . ''

she smiled at the memory and sat down at the table , pulling the linen napkin onto her lap .

rais opened another bottle of wine and poured a bit of the white into a glass .

`` i do n't really like this white , but let me know what you think . ''

she squinched up her nose and shook her head .

`` a bit too dry and tart for a dinner , do n't you think ? ''

`` it goes well with cheese , '' he suggested .

`` not everyone will be eating cheese , '' she pointed out .

bottle after bottle , they sipped and laughed over the various descriptions .

rais already knew which wine he wanted at the first party , but it was a relaxing way to spend the afternoon .

and he could tell that she was getting a bit tipsy , which was even better .

he wanted her relaxed and enjoying herself .

he encouraged her to eat the braised chicken lucy had made them for lunch , and they both drank plenty of water to hydrate themselves and ate bread to keep the food in them .

but as the afternoon continued , he stopped opening new bottles and just kept topping off their glasses with the one wine they both enjoyed .

rachel knew the moment that the afternoon changed .

the relaxed feeling shifted slightly .

as did rais .

they had moved from the dining room table to the living room with the soft , leather sofas .

she realized suddenly that he was sitting much too close to her and , as she looked down at her legs , they were actually across his lap , her shoes tossed to the side and she was leaning back against the cushions .

and he was leaning over her .

`` what are you going to do ? ''

she asked , suddenly wary .

his handsome , firm mouth formed into a half smile .

`` i currently do n't have a plan of action besides just enjoying your laugh . ''

he took a sip of ice water , his eyes dropping to her mouth .

`` you have very sexy lips , '' he said .

she laughed and shook her head .

`` you 'll have to do better than that to seduce me , '' she said .