when she realized what she said , her eyes widened and she started to pull away .

he held onto her legs and shook his head slowly .

`` i do n't think so , '' he commented casually .

but there was nothing casual about the way he was looking down at her .

`` you 've challenged me . ''

she shivered with the intent she saw in his eyes .

`` no , really ... i did n't mean to ... '' she tried once again to pull her legs away but his hand stopped her and his touch was so intimate that she froze .

`` here 's the deal .

and bear with me because i 've been considering this all afternoon while you sat here and looked like the sexiest woman alive so there might be a few salient points to work out .

but we 're going to go slowly , at your pace .

you 're going to learn to trust me , to show me what you like and do n't like when i touch you . ''

she started to interrupt but he put a finger over her mouth .

`` we 're not going to have sex today because you 've had too much wine , but very soon , i 'm going to make love to you . ''

`` i do n't want ... '' `` and you 're not going to lie to me and tell me that you do n't want me to make love to you , right ? ''

she bit her lip , her mind trying desperately to come up with an answer .

but with his hand on her upper thigh like that , and his massive chest leaning down over her but not touching , no pressure at all from that direction , she could n't form the words to deny his promise .

`` good , '' he said when she remained silent .

`` we 're going to start today .

i 'm going to kiss you and you 're going to help me so that we do n't go too far .

when the panic starts to seep in , you 're going to stop me , understand ?

but you 're not going to stop me by running away . ''

he said the words softly , slowly and seductively .

all the while , his hand on her thigh was moving up and down her skirt and she was painfully conscious that the material was moving higher .

very soon , he was going to feel the skin underneath her skirt and she was n't sure she could take that kind of enticement .

`` and if i panic and start to run away ? ''

she whispered , her hand moving to rest on top of his , stopping the movement and was relieved when he moved his hand lower .

`` remember ?

you 're going to stop me when that feeling starts to show up and we 're going to talk about it , right ? ''

she gasped when his mouth covered hers .

but this time , there was a difference .

rais was just as bold , just as demanding , but there was a hesitancy behind the kiss .

he was waiting for her , she realized .

and with that understanding , she felt more ... accepting .

she could n't say she was comfortable or relaxed because she rarely felt those kinds of emotions when she was near rais .

it was almost as if the excitement , the passion inside of him was leashed somehow .

her hand reached up and touched his cheek , her fingers experimenting with touching him .

she shuddered with delight now that she knew this was n't going anywhere soon .

she could enjoy the way he touched her , the way he kissed her and revel in the feelings without the fear or panic about what might come next .

she gasped when his hand slid under her silk blouse and pulled away , but the control was still there when she looked him in the eye .

lifting her head , she kissed him once again , her mouth opening and he immediately took the opportunity to deepen the kiss , pushing her back against the soft cushions .

his hand moved higher , his fingers only skimming along the skin of her stomach and ribs .

she wiggled underneath his hand , wanting a more intimate caress , but not sure how to get it from him .

and also not sure how much she could take .

rais lifted his head , his eyes hot with the need but his jaw was firm with the control he was holding over that desire .

`` here 's what 's going to happen rachel , '' he said and pulled up so he was no longer touching her .

`` i 'm going to take you home now and we 're not going to touch each other until we 're back at your place . ''

rachel was startled with that command and started to protest but he put a hand over her mouth to stop her .

`` and here 's why .

you 're wearing a silk shirt without buttons up the front .

the only way to progress further with what we 're doing is for me to rip that shirt off of you and view those very lovely breasts that i want desperately to see once again .

but if i do that , i know that will snap you out of this haze of passion you 're feeling , '' he said and even saw the desire in her eyes fade as the fear took over .

he sighed and sat up , lifting her with him .

`` so from now on , when we are together , you will wear something that buttons up the front .