understand ? ''

he commanded firmly .

he stood up and pulled her so she was next to him , his hands on her waist and pulled her closer , forcing her stomach to feel what touching her had done to his body .

`` i know that you 're afraid of what you 're feeling right now , but there 's no need rachel .

you 're safe in my arms and i wo n't do anything right now . ''

he put his forehead against hers and took a deep breath .

`` but stand very still right now so i can maintain control . ''

rachel froze .

she was so still she was even afraid to breathe until he lifted his head .

her hands were still laying softly against his chest but she would n't let her fingers even twitch , much less move along his strong , muscular chest to explore what was underneath .

something she was very curious to do .

he laughed softly and his hands tightened on her waist .

`` you 're not very good for my ego , my dear . ''

he took another deep breath then stepped back .

`` it 's time to get you home , '' he said .

`` pick whichever wine you prefer for dinner this friday night , '' he commented , taking her hand .

`` can you work with lucy on the menu ?

there will be ten dignitaries here for dinner .

i have to fly out tomorrow but i 'll be back in time for the meal . ''

`` of course , '' she said , slipping into professional mode with difficulty .

`` i 'll have everything ready for the evening .

i 'll get in touch with your assistant to get a list of the guests so there wo n't be any international incidents . ''

he looked down at her once again , then nodded .

`` i know you will be exceptionally lovely friday night . ''

she wished he had n't said it in quite that way , but she did n't have time to figure out what he meant .

he took her hand and led her out of the house and down to the helipad where he climbed in right behind her .

the pilot was waiting for them and they were airborne just a few minutes after they entered the helicopter .

rachel was n't used to this kind of efficiency and was even more surprised when they landed on the top of a building only a few blocks from her apartment .

the elevator ride down took them to the street level where his guards were already stationed with a team of black suvs waiting to ferry her to her apartment .

she was uncomfortable with how much it was costing him just to take her home .

`` rais , this seems like a lot of effort when i can easily drive myself to and from your house . ''

he shook his head .

`` not a chance .

it 's a long drive and i do n't want you making that kind of a trip when you 've had that much wine or even if it 's late at night , which many of these events will last . ''

he stopped when they were seated in the back of the suv and looked over at her .

`` there 's an easy solution though . ''

she saw the mischievous look and knew she did n't want to hear it , but she laughed anyway and said , `` what 's your idea ? ''

`` just move in with me , '' he said easily .

she gasped , pulling back to get a better look at him .

she knew that no other woman had ever stayed with him in that way .

for that matter , no woman had ever spent the night with him .

at least , she suspected that they did n't sleep over .

he generally took them out of the house and came back alone .

or that was her impression although she did n't have anything to back up that assumption .

`` i could n't do that , '' she finally said .

they were at her apartment now and one of his guards was holding the door open for the two of them .

she went up in the elevator , awkwardly flanked by two bulky men and rais , who still towered over his guards beside her .

she dug into her purse , wanting to escape this crazy escort home but as soon as she pulled out her keys , one of the guards took them silently and opened the door for her .

the other guard stood outside , holding rachel back while the first one entered the apartment .

a few moments later , he came back out and nodded his head , bowing slightly .

`` i 'll be right back , '' rais said to his guards before he nudged rachel gently on the small of her back to get her moving inside the apartment .

he closed the door and turned to face her .

`` you 'll get used to it , '' he assured her .

and then he took her into his arms , pressing her backwards so her back was against the wall and her chest was plastered against his .

he kissed her for all she was worth , his mouth moving over hers sensuously , deeply , teasing her until she responded .

her hands moved up his chest blindly , feeling all those things she had wanted to touch before but was too afraid to explore .

she reveled in his kiss , her body sliding against his , and she whimpered with the need for something she could n't define .