rais pulled back with a groan .

he put his hands on her upper arms and stepped away from her , taking a deep breath as he looked down at her eyes that were now bright with desire .

he almost shook his head to keep himself from pulling her against him once again but he knew that he might not be able to stop if he started once again .

`` i have to go , '' he growled out .

he pulled a card out of his pocket .

`` here 's my private cell phone number .

call me if you need anything , okay ? ''

rachel reached up and took the card , her hands shaking violently after that kiss .

`` yes .

call , '' she whispered , curling her fingers around the card as she reigned in her own passion .

`` thank you . ''

his hand reached out once again , touching her stomach gently .

`` remember .

front buttoned blouse , rachel . ''

she could n't speak , too afraid of what might come out .

but she nodded her head , acknowledging his command .

after that , he left her apartment , closing the door softly and rachel stared at the soft light in her apartment , wondering how her life had gotten so crazy all of a sudden .

chapter 4 rachel surveyed her appearance in the mirror , nervously smoothing the adrianna papell gold satin material over her figure .

the satin shimmered along her waist and hips , hugging her breasts with a sheer , embellished mesh neckline .

the edge of the material was high enough up on her chest that it did n't show even the slightest bit of cleavage but the mesh teased the eyes .

if one were to look more carefully , underneath the rhinestones was her own flesh and she worried that the dress might be too sexy for tonight .

oh , it was a perfectly acceptable dress for the social part of the night but was she teasing rais too much with the neckline ?

she glanced back at the armani cocktail suit that had arrived yesterday by special messenger .

the teal fabric shimmered in the light from her bedside table and the rhinestone buttons on the jacket looked fabulous .

but she did n't want to wear something that expensive , or anything from rais .

she was uncomfortable enough with him flying her out to the party on his private helicopter , she could n't accept clothes from him as well .

especially a dress that probably cost a couple thousand dollars .

this dress was even more expensive than what she 'd planned to spend but she 'd seen it on the hangar and had splurged .

it had cost almost four hundred dollars , but she wanted to look pretty tonight .

not because she was going to see rais , or because she wanted to impress him ... .or even because she did n't want to embarrass him in front of his important guests .

she told herself that the only reason she 'd bought the dress was because this was a special occasion and she needed to look nice for her first big event in which she was the primary event coordinator .

she 'd be able to wear this dress over and over again so it was really just a good investment .

okay , and it did n't have buttons going down the front .

she accepted this part mentally , but it still made her nervous .

every nerve ending in her body was tingling with excitement , wondering what rais might do when she showed up with a blatant ... challenge ?

she smiled , touched up her lipstick then grabbed the sleek , bolero jacket that came with the dress and her matching purse .

when she pulled the door to her apartment open , she jumped when she spotted the two men who were standing outside her apartment .

`` oh ! ''

she gasped and stepped back .

`` what 's going on ? ''

she asked .

one of the men bowed and stepped forward slightly .

`` his highness asked that we bring you to him tonight .

he wanted to ensure your safety , ma'am . ''

rachel 's hand flew to her neck , astonished that rais would do something like this .

`` i do n't really need an escort ... i 'm sorry , what 's your name ? ''

the first man bowed again .

`` i 'm kadar and this is joe , ma'am . ''

rachel blinked and released a breath .

`` okay , kadar and joe , thank you for the protection , but is n't this a bit of overkill ?

should n't you be out guarding rais ? ''

the men did n't even flinch when she called their employer by his first name .

`` we have our instructions , ma'am . ''

her shoulders slumped and she looked down the hallway in both directions , worried that her neighbors would see this conversation and think someone was about to arrest her .

the two guards looked suspiciously like fbi agents , or at least the kind of agents that appeared in the movies or television shows .

`` would you mind if i called rais ?

i just do n't think this is necessary . ''

`` we are at your service , '' kadar replied , again with a bow .

rachel looked at him curiously , but she backed up into her apartment , closing the door so she could have a private word .

she pulled the card out of her purse that rais had given her earlier in the week and glanced at the number .

she pulled her phone out and dialed , then waited impatiently for the man to answer .