`` good afternoon , beautiful , '' he said as soon as he answered the phone .

`` what are you wearing underneath the suit ? ''

rachel blushed and was glad that he was n't around to see it .

`` rais , why are two security guards standing outside my doorway ? ''

she asked impatiently .

`` they 're supposed to escort you to my house .

did n't they explain that to you ? ''

she heard the edginess in his voice but ignored it .

`` that 's what they said to me , but that does n't explain why you want them to escort me . ''

`` because i want to ensure you 're safety , rachel .

i thought we discussed this on monday . ''

she gritted her teeth , trying to ignore her impatience .

`` i do n't need security guards , rais .

call them off . ''

`` i wo n't .

and i need you to go with them .

they will escort you to the house , but once you 're on my property , you 'll be safe enough .

now answer my question .

what are you wearing underneath that blue suit ?

or are you going to make me find out on my own ? ''

she sighed and looked out the sliding glass doors of her apartment , seeing the late afternoon sunshine streaming through .

she needed to hurry up and get out to his house , wanting to supervise the various vendors that were arriving to set up but if she did n't hurry , she 'd be late and that 's when confusion settled in .

knowing she was n't going to win this argument with him , she smiled slightly as she said , `` do n't worry , rais .

i 'm not wearing anything underneath the blue suit , '' she said with complete honesty .

with that , she snapped her cell phone shut and stuffed it back into her small clutch purse and walked back out to the hallway .

kadar and joe were still standing at attention in the hallway and she pulled her apartment door shut , twisting the lock to make sure it caught .

`` okay , i 'm ready to leave , '' she said with a smile , ignoring her phone that started ringing at that same moment .

she knew that it was rais trying to reach her about her last comment and her grin widened but she did n't take her phone out of her purse .

by the time she reached the elevator , she heard kadar 's cell phone ring .

the man immediately pulled it out of his pocket and answered it in a language she did n't understand .

it sounded like arabic , but it could be any number of dialects or even the original language itself for all she knew .

kadar spoke rapidly but she had no idea what he said .

by the time the elevator reached the ground level , he had shut off his phone .

a moment later , her phone started ringing once again .

she pulled it out of her purse and noticed that rais was once again calling her .

with another laugh , she pressed the ignore button , then dumped the phone back into her purse and stepped into the back seat of the black suv .

she had to wink at kadar who looked at her as if she 'd just lost her mind .

was she really the only person who was n't afraid of rais ?

well , that was n't exactly true .

she was terrified of the man , but for a whole different reason .

she smoothed the dress down over her knees and looked out the window .

when she felt her phone vibrate , indicating that she 'd just received a text message , she thought about ignoring it .

but she was n't the type of person who could do that .

besides , it could be her boss or one of the vendors with a question or a problem .

with a groan of irritation , and no small amount of trepidation , she once again pulled her phone out and looked at the screen .

sure enough , it was from rais and her fingers shook as she read the words , `` payback is hell . ''

she bit her lip as she watched the city streets fly by .

they came to the same building she and rais had descended from several days ago and she actually hesitated to get out when kadar held the door for her .

it was all well and good to pull the tail of the tiger when he was far away .

but in less than twenty minutes she would be up close and personal .

with wobbly knees , she stepped out , knowing she had a job to do .

this was n't a personal visit .

she would n't even be around him most of the evening , she reminded herself .

she would be supervising the vendors , looking through the meals in the kitchens , observing the bartenders and a myriad of different things .

she took a deep breath and stepped into the helicopter , taking a seat and nervously strapping on her seat belt .

what could he do ?

she smiled and looked out the window .

she had a great deal of work to do before the party began and he was n't even scheduled to arrive until a half hour before the event was to begin at which time she knew he would have to shower and change .

the helicopter set down fifteen minutes later and rachel already had her clipboard out and was going over the details of the party .