one minute she was getting ready for work , and the next she was gone . ''

`` it 's true that there is some peace , especially the fact she did n't know she was going to die .

sometimes i ca n't imagine what it must be like for terminal patients . ''

she shuddered .

`` when you wonder if every day is your last , when you have to think about all you 're going to miss . ''

`` yes , that is true , '' he said , in a hushed whisper .

when he finally turned to look at her , he gave her a sad smile .

`` it 's been two years .

every time i think i 've moved on , that i 've been able to compartmentalize my grief , a case comes through that brings me to my knees . ''

`` i 'm so sorry , '' megan murmured , bringing her hand up to cup his cheek .

he leaned his face into her hand .

his head bowed until their foreheads met .

`` you have to remember that no matter what happened to your wife , and to mary , it was n't your fault .

you were n't responsible .

you need to keep living .

you 're alive . ''

tilting her head up , she gazed into his dark brown eyes .

`` you 're alive , '' she repeated .

the rain began to fall harder .

her eyelids fluttered to keep the moisture out of her eyes as she gazed up at him .

his mouth hovered next to hers , his breath warming her cheek .

she could barely breathe in that moment .

it was like every molecule in her body was pulsing with need .

silently , she pleaded with her eyes for him to kiss her .

and then , after what felt like an eternity , he slid his lips over hers .

it was n't the first time she had kissed him-it was just the first time she was sober and had kissed him .

now her senses were heightened , and she could experience exactly what she was feeling .

his lips were tender and soft at first , and then they switched over to desperate and demanding .

it was like he was breathing her in with every brush of his lips and stroke of his tongue as if to prove to himself that he truly was alive .

his tongue danced along hers , causing her to moan .

he brought his hands up to cup her face while her arms went around his chest , pulling him closer to her .

drops of rain pelted her head and ran down her cheeks while pesh 's white coat grew moist as she ran her hands up and down his back .

she realized , in a dizzying flurry , that no man had ever kissed her like this before .

this was like lovemaking with their mouths , and she never wanted it to end .

when pesh finally tore his lips from hers , megan 's breaths came in heaving pants .

her eyes opened to stare up at him .

his expression turned from lust to anguish .

he shook his head .

`` i 'm sorry . ''

`` pesh , you don't- '' he held up his hand .

`` please , just go . ''

he turned away from her , wrapping his arms around his chest .

torn , megan did n't know if she should argue with him and stay or leave .

`` please , '' he whispered .

with her heart still beating wildly from their passionate lip-lock , she turned and fled .

as she pounded back down the stairs , her emotions yo-yoed to where she felt like a watch that had been wound too tight .

after bursting back through the door , kristi met her in the hallway .

her eyes widened at megan 's appearance .

`` i , uh , i went outside on my dinner break , and it started raining , '' megan lied .

`` next time you 'll have to remember your umbrella , '' kristi replied .

megan nodded .

`` yeah , i will . ''

`` why do n't you go to the break room ?

there 's a hair dryer under the sink .

when you finish drying off , i could really use you in the supply closet doing inventory .

seems like we always almost run out of everything at once . ''

`` sure .

i can do that . ''

as megan turned to go down the hallway , kristi reached out and grabbed her arm .

`` is he okay ? ''

megan bit down on her lip to keep a hysterical laugh from escaping .

was pesh okay ?

was she okay ?

who the hell knew ?

one minute he 'd been weeping about his wife and losing a patient , and the next he 'd been liquid passion dripping on her lips .

regardless of his emotional whiplash , she 'd experienced the same .

she now found herself wanting more of his kisses when she should n't .

but it was n't just the kiss she wanted-she wanted all of him and not just for sex .

`` no , he 's not .

i guess he 's just trying to accept the loss , both past and present , as best he can , '' she finally replied .

kristi nodded in acknowledgement .

when megan felt she was free from any more questioning , she hurried down the hall to the break room .

thankfully , she found it empty .

after grabbing a brush from her purse , she went to the sink to grab the hair dryer .