her eyes skimmed the vans lined up on the driveway , pleased to note that the florist was already packing up , the caterer had arrived and looked like they 'd been here for a while , security was setting up their own perimeter and everything seemed to be going smoothly .

she walked in through the kitchen doorway , intentionally avoiding the main house just in case rais had actually come back earlier than planned .

she busied herself with her initial checklist but kept looking over her shoulder for the man in question .

after two hours , she was starting to relax .

the caterer was finishing up with the last of the meal , the dining room was set with places for twenty people , the technician had the music all set for the evening , all she had to do was press a button .

wine was open , flowers were in place , wait staff had arrived and were getting instructions ... . she was doing a final walk through of the dining room and living room when a strong arm wrapped around her waist , lifting her up and carrying her into the smaller library .

rachel gasped at the first contact , but as soon as she realized it was rais , she pressed her mouth closed , not wanting anyone else to realize that he 'd grabbed her like this .

when the library door slammed closed behind him and he released her from his strong grip , she spun around , intending to give him a lecture on how to treat her .

but the words never left her since he covered her mouth with his , kissing her hard while his hands pulled her skirt up , his knee sliding between her legs and she gasped with the intensity of desire that slammed into her .

he was n't satisfied with that either .

her bolero jacket was pulled off her arms and the zipper on the back of her dress slid down with determined hands .

by the time he lifted his mouth , her dress was bunched up around her waist and she was gasping for breath , her hands gripping the tuxedo material of his jacket and her eyes were closed , her body begging for him to continue .

`` i like the fact that you think you can tease me , '' he said roughly .

`` but you did n't follow my instructions rachel . ''

she opened her eyes slowly , her heart racing and her breathing ragged .

she did n't care what he said , but she desperately wanted his hands back on her body , touching her .

when his leg shifted slightly , she gasped , her body jerking as the electricity , and something else she 'd never felt before , sparked up along her stomach .

his fingers traced along the lace of her bra , one finger sliding inside to tease her already hard nipple and rachel bit down hard on her lower lip , her head falling back against the wall and she gripped his lapels harder , pulling him closer .

rais looked down at the woman who had driven him nearly insane with desire this afternoon after her phone call and almost cussed out loud .

he had her exactly where he wanted her , completely ready and more than willing for him to finish what he 'd started .

but his guests would be here in less than ten minutes !

damn !

a part of him thought about calling every single person and telling them to just stay away , but he knew he could n't do that .

he pulled her dress back up , making sure that her pretty lace bra was back in place .

he then smoothed her skirt back down over her hips , kissing her much more softly .

he heard her breath , shaky and deep , and wanted to kiss her again , to bury himself inside of her but that would have to wait .

`` you look beautiful , '' he said softly .

rachel kept taking deep breaths , hoping to somehow get herself back under control .

it was hard , but she finally released her hands from his jacket and stepped away from him , holding onto the back of a chair because her legs were too unsteady .

`` thank you , '' she managed to say , relaxing her shoulders and trying to figure out how to walk once again .

`` why did n't you wear the suit i sent to you ? ''

he asked , moving in closer .

he knew he should keep his distance , but she just smelled good and she felt even better .

she smiled , but looked away from him .

`` it was a beautiful suit , '' she replied softly .

`` i thought so . ''

`` but it had buttons down the front . ''

she looked up at him , almost laughing at the irritation that flitted across his handsome face .

`` and you just wanted to show me your independence ? ''

she took a step backwards , almost laughing when he stepped right along with her .

`` it had nothing to do with my independence , rais .

i just wanted you to know that i do n't follow orders well . ''

she watched him , her eyes challenging him .

`` and the suit was too expensive .

i ca n't accept gifts like that . ''

he shook his head as he stalked her several more steps .

`` rachel , you need to understand something about me . ''

`` what 's that ? ''

she asked , almost laughing for some reason .

`` when i give an order , i expect it to be followed . ''