she was n't sure where that was , and frankly did n't want to know .

she loved the way he touched her , the electrifying way she felt in his arms .

no other man had even come close to making her feel this way and she shifted against his hard length , even feeling the pressure from his erection against her stomach .

the thought occurred to her that she actually wanted to hold him there , to feel him and explore that part of him .

she did n't feel the zipper slide down her back but when he pushed the material off of her shoulders she looked up , confused .

at that moment , he covered her mouth with his and all the confusion was superseded by the desire for this one man .

the fear did n't even rear its ugly head and she kissed him back with everything she was feeling .

his hand slid down her spine , tickling and teasing her .

her fingers had been clenching at his shoulders , but with his touch , she felt emboldened to touch him back , wanting to make him feel the same things she was feeling .

her arms came down from his shoulders and she slowly tested how to touch him .

when her fingers slid down his chest , she heard him groan and his arm tightened around her waist .

she really liked that and tried it again but this time , he lifted his head and kissed her hard , his tongue delving into her mouth , teasing her to participate in the kiss .

she wanted to push his tongue out but he captured her lower lip and bit her .

not hard , but enough to surprise her and her hands clenched on his chest before opening up again , running across his chest muscles once again .

`` rachel ! ''

he growled and lifted his head , shaking it slightly before taking her hands and plastering them against his chest .

that was n't enough for her though .

she let her hands slide over to the buttons .

she thought she was being subtle , secretive but she desperately wanted to feel the skin underneath his shirt , to explore those muscles more intimately .

she released one button and her fingers tentatively touched his chest .

but it was n't enough and she released the next button .

she continued to reveal additional skin , her excitement building as her hands found more freedom to explore the actual man instead of the fabric that hid him .

she was so absorbed in exploring his body that she did n't even realize that rais had pushed her dress down to her waist .

when his hands cupped her breasts , she inhaled sharply and pulled back , closing her eyes just as she 'd done earlier in the evening .

she could n't think any longer and when his thumbs rubbed over her hard nipples , she whimpered with the need that was pooling at her core .

she pressed her stomach against him , her legs shifting as her whole body searched for the undefined something that she always felt when she was with rais .

in fact , she was n't even aware of her hands ripping off his shirt , uncaring about the buttons or the material .

and when she finally had him free of that , when his hands pushed the lace bra off of her shoulder and his hands were free to roam her breast without the hindrance of the material , she cried out with the jolt , pressing her body closer to him , her legs rubbing against his .

`` you 're beautiful , '' he told her and bent low so that he could take her breast in his mouth .

when he did that , she wrapped her arms around his head while her body tried to withstand this new feeling .

she 'd never even believed something this intense could be real , but as his mouth suckled , his tongue laved and his teeth nipped at her breast , she whimpered again with the growing need that was swamping her senses .

`` please , '' she gasped and tried to pull his head away .

he allowed that , only so he could move to her other breast , cupping the tender globe in his hand while he teased and tormented .

he straightened up a moment later and pushed her dress down to her feet , then swung her around , lifting her up and placing her next to the chair .

with gentle , teasing fingers , he pulled the scrap of lace away from her hips , his hands sliding along her legs .

`` sit down , '' he ordered , then took her hands to push her gently into the chair while he kneeled in front of her .

rachel was n't sure what he was doing , but she did n't have a chance to figure it out .

because his hands slid up her legs once again , his fingers at her knees pulling her legs apart while his mouth moved back to her breasts , kissing and nuzzling , teasing her until she was pliant in his hands .

his hands slowly opened her legs while his mouth traveled down her body .

she felt his fingers slide gently along her outer thigh , then her inner thigh .

when his finger touched her core she jumped and looked down at him , her hands gripping his shoulders .

when she started to push him away , he stopped her movement with the simple expediency of sliding his finger inside of her .

she was so astonished at that feeling that her body jerked .

her hips actually pushed forward , taking more of his finger and sighing with happiness .