when he pulled his finger out , she shook her head , relieved when he pushed back into her .

he stretched her slightly when he put two fingers inside of her , but she did n't have a chance to worry about that because his mouth had already moved from her breast to that core , his tongue teasing her and she could n't believe the heat she felt with his tongue and mouth , teasing her like that .

a feeling was building inside of her and she could n't stop it , did n't want to .

as his fingers and mouth moved on and in her , she pressed against him , her body arching and pressing , shifting ever so slightly until she felt that feeling intensify , expand and then ... everything sparked out , shining and waves of intense feeling , of pleasure like nothing she 'd ever experienced or knew about exploded around her .

rais watched with a painful need as she experienced her first orgasm and he thought he might just die if he did n't bury himself inside of her immediately .

when her body collapsed , he lifted her into his arms and swung her around so that she was laying on the carpet .

he kissed her legs , her thighs , that juncture once again so he could enjoy her taste and smell , then moved higher , kissing her stomach and reveling in the perfection of her breasts .

he stood up quickly , grabbed a condom from his pocket as he stripped his slacks and shoes off before coming back down to kneel between her legs once again .

he wanted to stay just like that , to look at her in the aftermath of that climax , but he was in too much pain now .

he needed her with an intensity he 'd never experienced with a woman .

what was it about this slender female that drove him to such a desperate need to possess her ?

he did n't care at the moment .

he leaned over her , gently taking her lips , kissing her , teasing her , bringing her back to him .

the whole time , he slid his finger inside of her again , closing his eyes at the heat , her wetness and how tight she was .

he wanted to just bury himself in her but he knew he had to take this slowly .

when he felt her stirring , he replaced his finger with his erection .

slowly pressing inside of her , watching her face the whole time .

her eyes smiled up at him and her soft hands moved from the carpet beside her to his shoulders while her legs automatically moved up his leg , giving him more room , better access .

she shifted her hips , adjusting to him and he loved the way her eyes brightened once again .

but as he slid in deeper , her eyes became worried .

he stilled and reached down to kiss her gently , reassuring her with words he was n't even sure she understood .

when he felt her hips move again , he pulled out and then pushed in a bit deeper .

rais continued the process until he felt her barrier and stopped , controlling his rampaging need to push into her to the hilt .

sweat was forming on his back and forehead but he shook his head , trying to clear the lust away so he could concentrate on making this experience perfect for her .

in the end , he had no idea what to do to help her through this pain and it tore at him to do this to her .

`` rachel , i 'm sorry , '' he said , his hands diving into her hair with his elbows holding him above her .

she heard his words , saw the worry in his eyes and the panic welled up inside of her .

everything until now had been so perfect .

she tensed , her eyes widening and she shook her head .

`` no , '' she gasped out and tried to slide away .

`` you have to stop now , '' she cried out .

he shook his head one more time .

`` i ca n't , '' he said softly and a moment later , he pushed into her , feeling her slender body stiffen in his arms and he held still , forcing the desire away until she relaxed once again .

rachel bit her lip , unaware that her fingernails were digging into his skin .

gone was that need , that desire for the finish .

everything was gone except for the pain and she wanted to sob out her fear .

but slowly , the pain dissipated and she opened her eyes .

feeling him fully inside of her was a new feeling .

she should be angry with him .

she 'd asked him to stop and he had n't .

he 'd broken his promise .

but as she looked up at the man , his eyes closed and every muscle in his body trying very hard to remain still , for her , she forgave him .

a warmth filled her and she relaxed her hands , her legs came next and he felt that .

his eyes opened and he looked down into her soft , smiling eyes and relaxed somewhat .

`` are you okay ? ''

he asked carefully .

her smile widened and she shifted slightly .

`` i think so , '' she replied .

he let go of a deep breath .

`` thank goodness !

i do n't think i can hold off much longer . ''

with that , he slid slightly out of her , testing her tenderness and was even more relieved when her eyes widened with the movement .