several more gentle movements and she closed her eyes once again , pressing her body against each thrust .

rais moved so that she had the best friction , shifting slightly to get a better angle , giving her as much pleasure as he could .

he watched her face , trying to read if some move was better or worse but everything he did just seemed to help her get closer .

when he felt her tightening he increased the pace and watched with fascination as her body arched and climaxed , her whole being involved in the pleasure .

unfortunately , he could n't watch for too long .

her mindless pleasure pulled him in and he could n't stop his own orgasm from washing over him .

it felt as if every particle of tension was being pulled out of his body with the orgasm that swept him away with a pleasure that was so intense he could n't even think , just experience .

when he could move , he opened his eyes and looked around , then down at the tiny woman he was crushing underneath his weight .

immediately he lifted up and rested on his elbows , looking down at her smiling face .

even now , as she ran her fingers lightly over his back and shoulders , it felt incredibly good just to have her touching him after such a long wait .

`` so ? ''

he asked , chuckling at her delirious expression .

`` so what ? ''

she quipped .

he gently stood up , lifting her in his arms .

`` i ca n't believe we did this on the living room floor , '' he commented , shaking his head .

he did n't even bother to pick up their clothes , just carried her up the stairs to his bedroom .

`` i think you were trying to reassure me that this was n't going to happen . ''

he thought about that as he shouldered his way through the doorway .

`` that might have been in the back of my mind , '' he replied as he set her down in the middle of his huge bed .

`` but now that you know it 's going to happen again , what are you thinking ? ''

she laughed and started to pull the covers over her nakedness but he only smirked and pulled the cover out of her hands , covering her with himself .

rachel raised an eyebrow .

`` it 's going to happen again ?

who says ? ''

he mirrored her expression , not allowing her an inch .

`` i say .

and it 's probably going to happen pretty soon , my dear . ''

she gasped when she felt that he was telling her the truth .

`` oh my , '' she sighed .

he bent down low and kissed her neck , smiling at her response .

`` oh my indeed . ''

chapter 5 rachel woke up to the alarm clock ringing and slammed her fist down on top of it .

she did n't want to wake up , she did n't want to go to work and she definitely did n't want to spend the week without rais .

she 'd spent the weekend with him , feeling awkward when she went to visit her father in the stables saturday morning .

he did n't even blink an eye when she wandered into the stall though and she wondered what he was thinking .

had rais already discussed his plans ?

somehow that made the whole thing sound premeditated and she did n't like that .

but the weekend turned out to be a great deal of fun .

they went riding , had lunch with her father , dinner alone at the main house and she spent the whole weekend curled up in his arms .

she did n't go home until sunday evening , at which time , he 'd come back with her , even coming into her apartment and made love to her one more time in her own bed before he left her to return to dunari for meetings .

the only good part was that she would have a chance to see him again this weekend when he returned for another dinner party on friday night and he 'd even asked her to accompany him to an embassy ball on saturday night so it looked like she 'd get to spend the next weekend with him again .

that thought had her rolling over in her bed , smiling up at the ceiling .

she was eager to see him and be with him .

that probably was n't the safest thing , she told herself .

but she pushed those reservations to the side , sweeping the covers off of her so she could start her day .

the week was long and tedious , but by wednesday evening , she was eagerly preparing his house for his dinner party .

there would be more people this time , with his whole house filled with guests .

she 'd even had to order a white tent for the backyard in order to hold more guests for the dinner and dancing he had planned .

her phone beside her elbow rang and she looked at the number .

thankfully it was just lenora so she picked it up .

`` hi , what 's up ? ''

she asked cheerfully but was still sifting through all the notes on her desk .

`` there are two big , beautiful boxes here that were just delivered for you , '' the receptionist explained .

rachel was confused .

she looked at her calendar , trying to see if she was expecting something for the party that she 'd forgotten about .

`` what are they ? ''