gazing at her reflection in the mirror , she looked a bedraggled mess .

she was practically washed out except for her lips .

they were swollen and bright red from pesh 's kisses .

her finger came up to trace her bottom lip .

as memories of his kisses filled her mind , she tried desperately to think of anything else .

in the end , she had gone up to the roof to somehow save pesh , and instead , she had lost herself to him and his emotions .

chapter thirteen pesh regretfully watched megan 's retreating form .

he cursed under his breath as she disappeared into the stairwell .

what was his problem ?

the woman had been merely comforting him , and he had allowed his libido to take over .

he had promised her he would keep his distance .

regardless of the flirting and easy banter between them , he had kept things professional .

now she probably felt trapped and harassed by him .

she tried to talk to him about it , and he 'd dismissed her .

he paced around the rooftop as the rain that had soaked him to the bone began to dissipate .

his mind was a jangled mess of thoughts and emotions .

one voice argued over and over that megan had wanted him to kiss her-that the look in her eyes told the truth .

but pesh worried that in his agony he had misread the signals she may or may not have been giving .

in the end , he 'd made a terrible situation even worse by not being able to control his feelings for megan .

with a frustrated grunt , he realized he had to make things right with her .

he needed to apologize .

casting one last look out over the horizon , he then turned and started for the stairwell .

after pounding downstairs , he searched the hallway for any signs of megan .

when he spotted kristi , he was surprised not to see megan with her .

`` where 's megan ? ''

he asked .

`` oh , since we 're kinda slow tonight , i asked her to go work in the storage closet .

we 're behind on inventory and cataloguing . ''

`` i see . ''

kristi eyed him up and down before shaking her head .

`` you 're drenched . ''

`` it 's raining outside . ''

`` so i 've heard , '' she said knowingly .

`` what does that mean ? ''

he asked .

she waved her hand .

`` nothing .

why do n't you do us both a favor and go get out of those wet clothes ?

the last thing we need is you coming down with something . ''

pesh knew it was fruitless to argue with her .

instead , he tucked his tail between his legs and made his way to the doctors ' lounge .

he took a clean pair of pants and shirt out of his locker .

after he slid on a new white coat , he strode down the hall to the medicine closet .

after swiping his key card , he entered the room .

when he closed the door behind him , megan turned around , gazing expectantly at him .

now that he was in front of her , he did n't know exactly what to say .

he had been on an emotional overload on the roof , and things had escalated far too quickly .

`` look , i just want to say how very sorry i am about kissing you . ''

`` well i 'm not , '' she replied matter-of-factly .

pesh 's neck snapped back in shock .

her response was n't what he was expecting at all .

he had imagined she might be relieved or even embarrassed , but he had n't imagined that she would be unregretful .

he cleared his throat .

`` regardless , i should n't have done it .

i was in an emotionally vulnerable position , and you were merely trying to comfort me .

nothing more . ''

his words were more for his own good than hers .

she shook her head .

`` just because i was comforting you , does n't mean i did n't want you to kiss me .

that i still do n't want to kiss you again . ''

his brows furrowed in confusion .

`` but you- '' `` pesh , i 've wanted you since the night of noah 's baptism .

but you shot me down then , and you still do . ''

although his heart wanted to soar at her admission of wanting him , the reality of her words caused his chest to clench instead .

`` sexually .

you only want me sexually . ''

`` yes . ''

he should have been flattered that a young , sexy woman like megan desired him .

but he was n't .

half of the women in the hospital would be willing for him to drag them to an empty patient 's room for a quick and dirty screw .

but that 's not who he was .

he had never been that way with women , and he did n't see how it could be possible to change .

all he wanted was for her to really see him and how good he could be for her .

how good they would be for each other .

he thought that was what she was feeling in the moments before and after he kissed her .

but now it seemed it was once again only lust .

although it was probably pointless , he could n't help putting everything out there once again .

`` but when we were up on the roof , there was n't a moment where you wanted more from me than just sex ? ''