that 's crazy !

no , she told herself .

she was merely infatuated with him just as she 'd been starting at sixteen .

she did n't love him , she told herself firmly .

love would mean caring and being emotionally invested .

this was just an affair .

he would get over her and ... . she could n't go on from that thought because it hurt too much .

she pushed the idea of rais moving on to another woman out of her mind and focused on the tasks she had to deal with right now .

she had errands to do , vendors to check on .

she had to visit each of the vendors this week to ensure that they were ready and able to get everything prepared on time and she did n't just assume that they were making their deadlines .

she 'd learned from past experiences to check up on them at intervals the week before the party .

the flowers should already be at the florist by now , lana should have most of the meal prepared except for the items that needed to be steamed fresh .

as she made her way to each of the vendors for friday 's event , she thought about what derrick had said , her mind going over and over the possibility that she was in love with rais .

thankfully , some of the vendors had some problems that she needed to deal with so it was a distracting day .

in fact , there were several emergencies that cropped up that week , leaving her exhausted by the end of each day .

she checked her cell phone too , hoping that perhaps rais might call her .

she just wanted to talk to him , but she did n't make the call herself , knowing that he was a very busy man .

however tired she was at the end of each day just trying to get a party together , he was probably pretty wiped out after having to deal with the problems of an entire country .

by thursday afternoon , she knew that the party was going to be wonderful .

all the issues had been dealt with , the ice sculpture was perfect and freezing , the food was delicious as expected , the flowers were ready to be transported and the tent was already constructed with the tables set up .

she 'd refused to utilize the helicopter rais had left at her disposal .

she just could n't get past the expense of the machine but she thought it was very nice that he 'd offered it to her to save her time .

the drive out to the farm would n't be too bad because she 'd leave about three o'clock to inspect the site , then have dinner with her father and spend the night , driving back to her apartment in the early morning to avoid commuter traffic .

there was one thing bothering her though .

all week , she kept feeling as if someone was watching her .

she actually spotted a man leaning against a car one morning .

he appeared to be reading a newspaper , but when she glanced back at him , he was looking right at her .

wednesday , she saw another man sitting in a coffee shop outside of the floral shop she 'd contracted for the event and by thursday afternoon , she suspected that the same man from tuesday was following her out to the farm for the final inspection .

she 'd visited with her father that evening , but left out the back exit of the farm to get home , just trying to be cautious .

it was six o'clock when she got back on the road this morning and she was proud that she had n't been followed .

she had n't mentioned her suspicions to anyone .

she had n't wanted to worry her father and she was afraid rais would take her off of the event if he knew someone might be following her .

so she kept the issue to herself .

by thursday evening , she was feeling a little silly for being so paranoid , but could n't shake the feeling that she was being followed .

when she drove into the parking garage at her apartment , she actually took the stairs to her floor .

she 'd seen a dark car parked on the opposite side of her parking space with a man in a dark coat sitting inside reading a newspaper .

it looked odd because rachel did n't think there was enough light in the dim garage to read the newspaper .

she was out of breath when she slipped into her apartment and peered through the peep hole , wondering if she could see anyone who might be trying to spy on her .

was she being crazy ?

she glanced through the glass one more time , then sighed with relief when no one walked by .

she sagged with relief , dropping her purse on the counter .

she felt weird because normally she would have stopped by the lobby to get her mail but she 'd avoided that area today , preferring to just hibernate in her apartment , wanting that odd feeling to go away .

`` what 's out there that is so interesting ? ''

a deep voice asked .

rachel screamed and jumped about a foot in the hair , her hands reaching out to steady herself as she looked for the voice .

it was familiar , but rais was n't supposed to be back until tomorrow afternoon so it could n't be him here tonight !

`` rachel ? ''

rais asked , coming out of the darkness towards her , turning on lights as he walked .