`` what 's wrong ? ''

he demanded , his dark eyes looking down at her with both anger and concern .

rachel 's hand went up to her chest as if to slow her racing heart .

`` goodness !

you scared me ! ''

she grumbled , her body still in fight or flight mode and her head almost lightheaded .

adrenaline and no food were not a good combination she thought as she took a deep breath to try and calm herself .

`` what are you doing here ?

and how did you get into my apartment ? ''

she asked .

she was excited to see him , but still jumpy because of the people she 'd seen around the city .

he ignored her question and pulled her into his arms .

she did n't fight it because he was strong and secure and he held her tightly , decreasing the shivering until it was only a mild irritation .

`` what 's going on ?

why are you so scared ? ''

he demanded , his arms tightening around her .

his cell phone rang once and he answered it quickly , speaking into the phone in arabic , just a few words before he ended the call and slid the phone back into his pocket .

`` oh , i 'm just being silly , '' she said and leaned against him .

now that the scare was passing , she was overjoyed that he was here with her .

`` but what are you doing here ?

you were n't supposed to fly in until tomorrow . ''

he grinned down at her .

`` i canceled my meetings tomorrow , telling my advisors that i had priorities here .

they all understood , '' he explained , leaving out that he 'd told them that he was trying to convince this woman to marry him .

they were all eager for him to be married , telling him it should have happened years ago .

he bent down and kissed her neck , feeling her shivers increase and smiled to himself because this was for a different reason .

not that he was n't going to get down to the other reason , but she smelled too good right now , too distracting .

`` i want to hear all about your week , but first , i need you naked and in my arms , '' he said as he lifted her up , tossing her legs in the air and carried her into her bedroom .

he laid her down in the middle of her bed , then joined her , slipping her shoes off at the same time .

`` i missed you , '' he growled into her ear before biting it softly .

rachel smiled and lifted her arms , wrapping them around his shoulders , feeling as if she 'd just come home .

and if that little voice nagged at her that she was becoming too involved , too excited to see him , she ignored it and kissed him back , showing him how much she missed him and how happy she was to have him back with her .

chapter 6 `` i have to go to work , '' she whispered , the dawn just starting to break over the horizon .

`` no you do n't , '' he countered and pulled her closer , nudging her back down to the mattress .

`` you need to stay right here with me . ''

she laughed , feeling her sore limbs reach out for him .

`` you 're going to hate my bathroom , '' she told him when she slipped out from under his arm .

rais let his head drop down onto the pillow , wondering what he could do to get her back into bed with him and forget about the day and their respective responsibilities .

she looked sexy as hell as she pulled that silk robe over her naked body but he thought she looked even better on the bed next to him without it .

he sighed , knowing she was too responsible to lure back to bed .

he did n't like the result , but he respected her work ethic .

rolling onto his back and stuffing pillows behind him , he watched as she walked out of the bedroom .

he assumed she was stopping in the kitchen to make some coffee .

at least he hoped she was .

he could really use a cup and he had no idea how to get it other than her making it or him calling down to his guards to bring some up .

and he did n't think she 'd like it if he called his guards .

`` coffee is brewing , '' she said as she drifted back into the bedroom , only to disappear once again into the bathroom and closed the door .

he smiled lasciviously as he contemplated her disappearance .

he really should be a gentleman and leave her to shower in peace .

she 'd probably finish much more quickly if he just stayed put .

in the end , he realized that he really was n't much of a gentleman .

throwing off the comforter when he heard the shower start , he walked into the bathroom , completely unconcerned with his nakedness .

he surprised her as she was rinsing her hair and jumped when she felt his hands on her waist .

`` you woke up too early , '' he explained , letting his hands slide up her slick body .

`` i thought i could help you out with your shower . ''

she thought about telling him to get out because she knew with absolute certainty that he would not help her in any way .

but as soon as his hands slid along her skin , she was lost once again in his sensual spell .