i thought if you knew about the guards , you would be angry with me . ''

his apology went a long way to easing her anger , but it was still difficult to get over the fact that he had done something behind her back .

she looked out the window , watching as the city traffic whizzed by outside .

`` why do i need protection ?

why are n't they out there guarding you ? ''

rais considered the possible answers he could give her .

in the end , he was as honest as he could be .

`` my enemies are dangerous , rachel .

they would use you to get to me . ''

she rolled her eyes .

`` i 'm no one , rais .

when it comes to international politics , i really do n't count .

call off the men , please . ''

he sighed and shook his head , knowing this was going to cause problems .

but she was to be protected at all costs .

`` i ca n't do that . ''

he put a finger over her lips to stop her next argument as well .

`` by the way , when you perceive a threat , you damn well better not try and get in front of me .

that 's what my guards are for .

you get behind me or them .

understand ? ''

`` what are you talking about ? ''

she asked , her eyes curious as she tried to grasp his meaning .

`` back at your apartment building , '' he clarified .

`` you were nervous about the strange men and you stepped in front of me .

do n't ever do that again . ''

she gritted her teeth , not sure why he was being so obstinate about that .

he noticed her stubborn expression and shook his head .

`` i will not allow someone to hurt you because you 're trying to protect me . ''

she crossed her arms over her chest , her chin jutting out rebelliously .

`` so ... '' `` no arguments , rachel , '' he said sternly .

`` let my men do their jobs . ''

she was n't sure what to say about that , but since they 'd arrived at the building with the heliport , she did n't have a chance to argue with him .

but what was she supposed to say ?

that she would n't let anything happen to him ?

that she loved him too much to lose him ?

he did n't want to hear things like that .

he was the kind of man who wanted to be free , to pursue the next woman .

she hated that , but she could n't think of losing him to someone trying to hurt him either .

chapter 7 rachel walked into the stables , her booted heels almost silent on the dirt and straw that softened the paths for the horses .

the previous weekend had been idyllic and she was excited about seeing him this weekend .

they 'd spent all weekend in each other 's company , laughing and talking , spending time with her father and just being close .

she knew she was in trouble , knew that she was in love with rais .

a silly love song was going through her mind and she wanted to surprise rais tonight .

she wanted to see him , to feel his hands on her tonight .

she 'd missed him last night , felt lonely as she woke up alone in her cold bed without him .

their plans for her going to dunari this weekend were changed because he had a meeting with the president but that meant he was still coming here this weekend and she would get to see him throughout the whole three days without any other social obligations .

she could n't believe how much better she felt now that her fear of intimacy was gone , not to mention feeling so much love for rais .

she could n't believe she could feel so much for one person .

she loved her dad , but this was a completely different feeling .

she wanted to be with rais all the time , to make him laugh and get him to relax more , to listen to his problems and see what she could do to help him .

she wanted to curl up on his lap and talk about her own problems , touch his skin and explore his body .

she 'd never felt that way about any other man before .

but then , she 'd probably always been in love with rais .

it had started off as friendship when she 'd been a child , but as she 'd grown older , it had blossomed into something more , something deeper .

she just had n't admitted it until now .

it was dark outside by this time of the night but the lights inside the stables were warm and inviting .

she stopped by to say hello to dolce and give her an apple , then moved on down to greet her father before she headed up to the main house to find rais .

she did n't want her father to find out that she was serious about rais from someone else .

the light was on in his office and she smiled , wanting to surprise him as well .

he 'd been delighted to see her out here more often and she suspected that he was aware of her feelings for rais , but had kept silent .

`` why do n't we just head into one of the stalls , '' rachel heard someone say from inside her father 's office .

rachel stopped , her feet frozen in place as she tried to recognize the feminine voice .