was her father involved with another woman ?

it was about time , she thought with excitement , and a little bit of trepidation .

they 'd been alone for so long , she was n't sure how she felt about her dad dating , but she wanted him to be happy .

`` i 'm busy , lila .

why do n't you come back another time ? ''

that was n't her father 's voice !

she stepped back , wondering why rais was talking with another woman .

and what was her name ?

she recognized it , but could n't put a face to the voice .

where had she heard that voice before ?

`` oh , come on , darling .

we always have so much fun together . ''

rais looked down at the woman with long dark hair and too much makeup .

what had he seen in this woman before ?

she was n't anything like rachel , but then again , neither had any of the other women he 'd dated over the last decade .

he 'd tried to find a substitute , but none had matched the real thing .

rachel was light and beauty , laughter and desire so strong he could n't believe he 'd settled for pale substitutes instead of the real thing .

she was so much more in all ways than these women .

`` lila , i have work to do , '' he said , trying to be kind , but wanting to get rid of her .

he was thinking that he could get his pilot out here and be in rachel 's bed in less than forty-five minutes if he moved quickly .

he 'd have to check with her to make sure she was free since he 'd arrived a day earlier than he 'd anticipated .

she might need to work tonight and he did n't want to do anything to interfere .

of course , when they married , she would n't have these issues unless she wanted them .

he smiled just thinking about rachel in his home , in his bed back in dunari .

his body actually hardened at the idea of rachel growing large with their children .

damn he wanted her !

for life and not just for a short affair .

he had no idea what rachel had in mind , but he 'd talk with her about it as soon as he saw her again .

he wanted things settled between them and no more of this temporary , weekend stuff they 'd been having together .

he wanted her all the time , by his side and at his table as well as in his bed at night .

`` i love the way you respond so willingly , '' lila purred , feeling his response and happily assuming it was because of her suggestion .

rais looked up , not sure what the woman was talking about .

then he noticed the way she was looking down and he quickly shook his head as she approached him .

`` this is n't what you ... '' he stopped when she pressed her body against him , plastering her glossy lips over his .

rachel felt like someone had just stabbed her in the stomach .

seeing rais with another woman in his arms , with her lips on his and her body pressing against his hard one just the way she wanted to do , the way she 'd been anticipating doing with him only moments ago , felt like the most brutal betrayal she could imagine .

it was also at that moment that rais looked up from the woman in his arms to spy her in the doorway .

the first moment she 'd spotted the two in each other 's arms , she wanted to just hide , pretend like she had n't seen anything .

but that was n't an option now .

`` i 'm sorry , '' she whispered , fighting the tears that sprang to her eyes almost instantly .

`` i should have knocked . ''

she stepped back out of her dad 's office and closed the door .

she looked to the right and the left , not really sure what she could do to escape .

she knew she just needed to get out of there as fast as possible .

she turned to the left , heading for her car .

she could n't even stop by her father 's cottage to say hello to him , just needing to get away from rais and his house and everything about him right now .

`` rachel wait ! ''

she heard rais call out to her .

his voice spurred her on and she sprinted down the center of the stables towards her car .

she could n't see him , did n't want to hear his explanations .

if he was even going to offer one .

she 'd known going into this relationship that rais was n't a man who stayed with one woman .

she 'd seen him with so many women over the years and she 'd ignored the warning signs .

rais loved women .

he was a consummate lover and competitor who played to win .

she rushed out , digging her keys out of her pocket and pressing the remote to unlock her car door .

she heard solid footsteps behind her and made her feet move faster .

the tears were blinding her though and she stumbled on something .

thankfully she was able to recover and reach her car .

she dove inside just as rais reached her but she locked the doors before he could open it .

she started the engine and drove off , unconcerned that he saw her tears , knew how hurt she was .