she was beyond trying to hide from him now .

he 'd broken down every single defense she had , and even some she had n't been aware she 'd built up and now she had nothing .

she sped away , uncaring about anything but putting space between herself and rais .

the woman in her dad 's office even looked like her !

her long , dark hair was styled similarly , but not exactly like hers and she was the same height and about the same weight .

the other woman had larger breasts though .

was that what he wanted in a woman ?

she hated him so much , but she was disgusted with herself just as much for trusting him , for believing in the fairy tale , especially with a man like rais .

she 'd known better !

she 'd told herself over and over that he was n't the man for her .

that he was n't the man for any woman who wanted a monogamous relationship .

he did n't have it in him , she thought .

why had she even started dreaming about a future with him ?

that just made everything hurt even more .

she 'd believed him when he said those sweet , delicious words .

she 'd stupidly translated those into words of love and commitment .

well , now she knew better .

it was a hard lesson to learn but at least she 'd figured it out .

she drove down the highway , surprised at how many people were traveling on interstate 66 at this time of the night .

she glanced at the clock on her dashboard and was surprised to find that it was only seven-thirty in the evening .

somehow , with everything that had happened , she thought it was later .

so much had happened in the last thirty minutes .

she 'd only arrived at rais ' farm at seven o'clock after getting off of work at five o'clock .

on the drive out , traffic had been heavy but she had n't cared , too excited at the prospect of seeing rais , maybe having dinner with him and ... yes , she had wanted to spend the night with him .

she had n't even cared that her father would have known about it .

she was n't sure she could stand the questions if he found out about this huge mess .

the tears were so heavy with that thought , she could barely see so she pulled off of the highway , not wanting to hurt anyone because she could n't drive properly .

she pulled into a coffee shop and parked , taking deep breaths to try and calm herself down .

she just needed a cup of tea , she told herself .

she looked in her rearview mirror , dabbed some powder onto her red cheeks , added a touch of lipstick , then felt at least presentable .

inside , she ordered her tea and ignored the odd looks from the woman behind the counter .

she took her cardboard cup and found an empty chair in the corner , wanting to just curl up and hide .

but she 'd been doing that for years .

ever since she was eighteen years old and knew that her feelings for rais were deeper than just friendship , she 'd hidden from him .

deep down , she guessed she knew this kind of thing might happen .

sure enough , as soon as rais discovered her , he came after her with all of that charm and confidence , that maleness that just lured women towards him .

the tea was too hot to drink but it felt warm in her hands and helped the numbness that was slowly taking over .

she supposed that was the body 's way of avoiding the crippling pain .

if she could n't feel anything , she would n't hurt so badly .

the tears were falling , but since she was n't driving , she was n't trying to focus so she was n't aware of the tears .

they fell on her hand and her cup , onto her sweater and melted into the fabric to disappear .

every time she thought of rais , her mind jumped back to him in that other woman 's arms .

when he 'd pulled back from her kiss , there had been her red lipstick on his mouth and he 'd looked horrible .

she wanted to hate him , but it hurt too much to think about him right now .

just sip the tea , she told herself .

do n't think about rais , or the other woman .

do n't think about the future or the past , or anything .

just take each moment separately .

with a sob , she realized that she could n't even lose herself in work right now because her only client was rais .

he 'd hijacked her career and , until now , she had n't cared because it had been nice to just be around him .

she 'd been happy organizing his parties and acting as his hostess .

she 'd been proud of the work he was accomplishing during those events and had been excited that they 'd gone off so well .

she could n't go back to work , she thought sadly .

she did n't have anything to do now .

for the past several weeks , her whole life had revolved around rais .

she 'd have to quit her job , find another one within the industry because derrick would be furious that she would n't work with rais any longer .

he 'd even be angry that she 'd become personally involved with a client , which was a big no-no in the industry and for derrick 's employees especially .