he 'd told her what would happen so nothing was a surprise .

she 'd broken so many rules , she could n't even count them , she realized .

she 'd just been happily going about her life , pretending that things would all work out in the end .

and they had n't .

she picked up her tea and carried it back to her car .

she started to unlock the door so she could drive to her apartment , but she hesitated .

did she really want to go back to her apartment ?

sleep in the bed where she and rais had made love ?

could she do it ?

no , she thought with a pain that shot through her body .

she did n't want to see her apartment just yet .

she could n't do it .

she pulled open the door and considered her options .

it was a friday night , where could she go ?

she drove down the street a ways and found a hotel .

she parked in the lot , picked up her lukewarm tea and walked into the lobby .

she was n't even sure about the name , just walked up to the desk clerk and asked for a room .

the man behind the counter must have seen something on her face because he did n't ask any questions , just quickly clicked on his computer and brought up a room .

within moments , her credit card had been charged and a plastic key card handed to her .

`` do you need help with your luggage ? ''

he asked gently .

rachel only shook her head and bit her lip so she would n't start crying again .

`` thank you , '' she whispered .

she took the key and followed the man 's instructions , going to the elevator and the fifteenth floor .

inside the room , she did n't even turn on the lights .

she simply curled up in the overstuffed chair by the window and let the tears flow down her cheeks once again .

this time , she did n't even try to stop them , allowing them to just flow as they came .

rachel stared out at the night , watching the traffic flow on the major streets .

she was n't aware of the traffic slowing down , and then by the early hours of the morning , the traffic was almost non-existent .

she was n't aware of the planes taking off and landing at reagan national airport , and then by midnight they slowed to a halt as well .

she did n't see any of it , her mind not even thinking .

she cried , she went numb and cried some more .

when the sun rose over the horizon , she blinked and cried some more .

she ordered room service , asking for coffee to be delivered to her room .

when she could n't sit on the chair anymore , she showered , but putting her clothes back on again was n't the most pleasant feeling .

she did n't have an alternative though .

with a sigh , she picked up her purse and walked out into the hallway .

she still did n't want to go home , wanting to avoid life for a little while longer .

she was being a coward , but facing her apartment would hurt too much .

this was n't what she signed up for , she thought as she unlocked her car and slipped into the driver 's seat .

she pulled her phone out and realized that it had run out of power .

no wonder she had n't heard it last night , she thought as she plugged it in and started her engine .

as she turned it on again , she glanced at the message indicator .

she almost started crying again when she saw that there were fifteen messages from rais .

she could n't listen to them now so she skipped through those .

when she reached the end , she found several from her father as well .

she dialed his number and waited , relieved when his voice mail picked up .

she did n't want to talk to him right now , tired of crying and knowing that he would cause her to start up again with his gentle questions .

`` hi dad , it 's me .

i just wanted you to know that i 'm okay .

i 'm just ... .well , i 'm okay , '' she said and pressed the end button before her voice cracked and he knew that she really was n't okay .

she 'd just pulled out of the parking lot when her phone rang again .

she looked down at the screen and saw that it was rais calling from his office , so she pressed the 'ignore ' button and turned left .

she had n't eaten since lunch yesterday , but she still was n't hungry .

she pulled up to a fast food restaurant and ordered another cup of coffee , then drove out again .

she supposed she needed to head back to her apartment at least for a change of clothes .

driving into her parking lot , she scanned the other cars , wondering if her dad or rais might have come by to talk to her .

but no one was around except for the familiar cars that were normally here .

she was n't sure why rais would try and talk to her anyway .

he was probably relieved that she now knew the truth about their relationship .

he did n't have to do the dirty work and tell her that he needed to move on .

riding up in the elevator , she wondered what she would have done if he 'd been honest with her up front .