if he 'd told her that this would be just like his other relationships , would she have eventually fallen for his charms ?

she wanted to think she would n't have , but she might have come to him anyway .

no , she would n't .

she 'd known for too long how she felt about rais .

he was the man she 'd run away from at eighteen .

he 'd been the man she 'd followed via the internet all through college , who had kept her away from her father during the summer months when she could have been working at the farm and hanging out with the horses , which is what she would have preferred doing .

so no .

if she 'd known that she was one more brunette in a long line of similar looking women , she would have avoided his farm like the plague .

rais snapped the phone off once again , furious that she would n't answer his call .

her father had just phoned him to let him know that she was okay and now he knew what she was feeling since she would n't take his call .

there was no way he was going to let her get away with that .

he 'd fought too hard for her , waited too long .

and what they had with each other was special .

his fingers closed over the ring he 'd bought two weeks ago .

he should have put that ring on her finger the first night he 'd gotten her into bed .

he should have let her know exactly how he felt .

if he had it to do all over again , he would have proposed the first time he saw her that night in her father 's cottage .

dammit !

she should know how he felt !

he might not have been explicit , but she should have read between the lines and known he was in love with her !

he could n't lose her , he thought , panic starting to build up in his chest .

he would get her back somehow .

his phone rang and he glanced down at the message .

his head of security had locked in on the gps within her cell phone .

she was heading back to her apartment , finally !

he raced out of the house , calling to his pilot to get the bird going .

within minutes , he was airborne and flying across the city .

he could land on a building about four blocks from her house .

`` make sure there 's a car outside the building waiting for me , '' he commanded to one of his guards who had been ordered to stay outside of her apartment in case she returned .

`` do n't lose her ! ''

twenty minutes later , he was landing on top of the building .

he exited the helicopter , uncaring about his security guards who scampered to catch up with him .

they were in the elevator with him but all he wanted was to get to rachel and make her understand .

his fingers once again closed around the engagement ring .

he would have this ring on her finger within the hour !

and she would n't ever have a reason to take it off .

the building manager had been warned that he was arriving and was waiting outside , ready to escort him into the building .

rais barely acknowledged the man 's assistance , so determined to get to rachel quickly .

at her door , he pounded against the steel door .

`` i know you 're in there , rachel .

let me in so we can talk . ''

rachel heard his voice and her heart sank .

she stared at her door , her stomach clenching and a sick feeling overwhelming her .

she did n't answer , just stared at the door , wondering what to do .

`` rachel , i 'm not leaving here until we talk .

if you want to do it through the door , that 's fine with me but do you really want your neighbors to know all about our business ? ''

he asked loudly .

her hands fisted by her sides and she almost growled out her frustration .

she stomped to the door and opened it , glaring at him as he stepped inside her apartment .

`` thank you , '' he said ironically and walked past her .

`` where were you last night ? ''

he demanded as soon as her door was closed and they were alone together .

`` none of your business . ''

`` it is my business , '' he countered and moved closer to her .

she took a step back and he stopped , but he did n't retreat .

`` what we have together is n't going away . ''

`` it 's already gone , '' she argued .

`` i told you before .

i do n't do casual sex . ''

he leaned in to her with a smile that was n't at all humorous .

`` and i told you that was n't what i wanted from you . ''

`` but the other women ?

you 'll do casual with them ?

i 'm the only one that thinks she might be ... '' she stopped before she made a fool of herself .

`` never mind . ''

`` i wo n't .

what were you going to say ? ''

he asked and stepped forward .

when she retreated this time , he came forward again .

`` i want to know what you thought we were doing . ''

she could n't stop the tears , wanting him gone and out of her life so she could start to heal once again .