and they all looked like me . ''

`` they looked like you because i was trying to replace you .

i wanted you so badly but i knew i could n't have you .

but none of them measured up to the real thing . ''

she sighed and leaned her forehead on his chest .

`` i still do n't like it . ''

`` then marry me , '' he said and reached into his pocket for the ring he 'd been carrying around for weeks .

`` marry me and become my wife , argue with me at every opportunity and let me fix the past six years that we 've missed by not being with each other . ''

she stared at the ring , her breath caught in her throat as he slid the enormous ring onto her finger .

it was heavy but it was also startlingly beautiful .

`` this is crazy , '' she said when she remembered to take another breath .

`` crazy good or crazy bad ? ''

he teased , bending low so he could look at her face , trying to determine what was going on inside that beautiful head of hers .

she looked up at him , tears streaming down her face and he inhaled sharply , his thumb reaching out and catching one of those drops .

`` do n't , rachel , '' he sighed and brought her closer .

`` mary me and i promise you 'll never have any reason to cry .

ever . ''

she laughed and hugged him closer .

`` okay , '' was all she said .

rais stilled , wondering if he 'd heard her properly .

`` was that a yes ? ''

he demanded .

she laughed through her tears but nodded her head , or as much of a nod as she could with his arms holding her so closely .

with that nod , all of the tension from the past few days disappeared .

he picked her up and spun her around , yelling with excitement and relief .

`` you 'll never regret this decision , '' he said and held her face between his hands .

`` i promise , i 'll love you so much you 'll be begging for mercy , '' he promised her .

she could n't help the giggle that escaped .

`` i 'm already so happy . ''

he smiled down at her a moment before he lifted her up into his arms .

`` you have no idea . ''

she threw back her head and laughed even as her arms wrapped around his neck .

`` i 'm sure you 're going to show me , '' she said .

the salacious grin that crept over his handsome features made her stomach muscles clench in anticipation .

`` oh , you have no idea . ''

chapter 1 there was that odd feeling again .

ella looked around the marble and glass lobby , wondering what could be causing such a sensation .

she 'd been working for six hours without a break already and her feet ached , her fingers were numb from typing in guest information and all she wanted was a sofa to kick her feet up on and a hot cup of tea .

okay , and maybe a bowl of soup .

and an ice cold glass of milk .

mentally , she sighed but outwardly , she maintained the pasted on smile as she greeted the next guest .

as one of several front desk receptionists at one of the best hotels in washington , d.c. , she knew what was expected of her .

she 'd worked hard to get into this position , even lying on her employment application .

the minimum age was twenty-one for this position and ella was only eighteen .

but she 'd had to do something .

she 'd moved to washington , d.c. from new york city and her old neighborhood had become too dangerous and none of the jobs she could obtain at her age could pay her enough to escape the horror of that life .

ella now took pride in being one of the best front desk receptionists , despite her age , and she worked hard to maintain this position .

she sincerely prayed no one would discover her age .

she focused on the guests in front of her , checking them in as quickly as possible , ignoring that niggling feeling that kept hitting the back of her neck .

what was wrong with her today ?

she was n't usually this distracted !

looking around , she noted that the end of the line for people trying to check in was finally getting shorter .

thankfully , she counted out the people in line and calculated that she had approximately one more hour before things would slow down .

with a sigh of relief , she handed her current guests their room keys , explained all the normal details about the hotel and politely directed them to the elevators .

the next guest moved forward and she pasted her normal bright smile on her face .

that strange sensation returned and she looked around , distracted once again .

why could n't she focus ?

pushing the niggling moment out of her mind , she took the new guest 's credit card , checking them in as efficiently as possible .

at one moment , she actually reached up to brush the back of her neck , wondering why she kept feeling that awkward , strange feeling .

it was almost as if ... .was someone watching her ?

she looked around .

no one was paying any significant amount of attention to her and she shook off the odd feeling .

too many mystery novels lately , she told herself silently .