those three boys had been demons in the neighborhood and no one , absolutely no one , messed with any of them .

they stole cars to make money , stole anything they could get their hands on actually .

they had a network of spies all over the area and knew anything that was happening .

good grief , those three seemed to know what was going on even before it occurred !

now that she thought about it , the neighborhood had started going downhill as soon as those three boys had left .

first , zayn had left , just vanished with no one knowing anything about what had happened .

then dominic and angelo had started to succeed in their business ventures .

they 'd grown and invested and done so well for themselves and all of the residents from the old neighborhood liked to brag about how `` they knew dominic carson and angelo donati when ... '' .

those two were completely legitimate now and she was so proud of them .

they were her inspiration .

if they could do it , she knew that she could succeed as well .

okay , so the three of them had already made their first million by the time they were her age .

she was just a late bloomer !

she was taking classes at the community college , just like they 'd secretly done .

she was working a legal job that paid well and had a decent career path .

maybe dominic and angelo had developed a different strategy but hers was working for her .

she knew they 'd started their own businesses .

angelo was huge into the pharmaceuticals industry , having a knack for chemistry and an instinct for science and scientific advances while dominic was more into real estate and investments , able to convince just about anyone to do whatever he wanted simply by talking to them , listening to their concerns and figuring out how to create a deal so that everyone came out a winner .

those two had done shockingly well over the years , accumulating wealth that was incomprehensible to her .

since zayn had disappeared without any word , she did n't know what area of expertise he 'd gone into , but he looked like he was doing fabulously well for himself as well .

she was n't in their league , but she 'd succeed eventually .

she 'd get there somehow , although probably not as high up on the food chain as those two .

she just had to find her passion .

but zayn !

she 'd always had a little crush on zayn .

she 'd known that he was one of those guys that the other neighborhood girls adored .

all three of those boys were pretty handsome , but there had always been something about zayn that had captured her attention .

of course , she 'd been eight years old back then and he 'd been a dashing eighteen year old before he 'd mysteriously disappeared .

but it did n't matter .

she 'd thought he was a knight in shining armor , so wonderful and sweet , daring anyone to mess with the little people of the neighborhood .

she watched as he strode confidently through the lobby , stopping at the private elevators that were reserved for only the very wealthiest of guests .

in fact , that whole group stopped and waited .

when the elevator doors opened moments after they pressed the button , she watched with fascination as zayn stepped on first , ignoring the rest of the older men who surrounded him .

he must be an employee of those men , she thought with a secret thrill as she greeted her next guest .

he 'd made it out too !

he had n't gone to jail or to prison like so many of the others had speculated , nor had he died some horrible death at the hands of one of his enemies .

he was here and he looked amazing !

even more muscular and taller than before .

he must have grown another foot since he 'd left at eighteen which was pretty astounding since he 'd been crazy tall back when she 'd known him before .

just as the doors closed , his dark eyes sliced to hers and she almost gasped with surprise at the impact of that gaze .

his eyes were dark and , even from this distance , she could feel the danger emanating from those eyes .

something in her stomach started fluttering and she put a hand to her belly , trying to quell the ridiculous feeling .

this was zayn !

she could n't feel this for him !

she tore her eyes away and glanced down at the granite reception counter .

but a moment later , a fraction of a second before the elevator doors closed , she glanced up and he was still staring at her , still making those flutters go wild in her belly .

when the doors finally closed , she pulled her eyes away and realized that she 'd been holding her breath .

she filled her lungs with oxygen and turned back to the computer .

getting her mind back in gear , she forced herself to focus on the task at hand .

zayn looked wonderful , yes , but she could n't lose this job .

she knew that she would n't see him again , so it was best to concentrate and get her work done better than all the others who worked at the front desk .

she had to be friendlier , smarter , more considerate and more creative in helping her guests in order to stand out .

she had no idea what his business was with that group of men but she had a job to do and could n't be caught slacking off for any reason .