thankfully , another flurry of guests arrived at that moment and ella worked diligently to check each of them into their room or suite carefully and with as much professionalism as possible .

seeing zayn again gave her last few hours at the front desk an extra spark , allowing her to smile more brightly and be more patient as she gave directions to the lobby bathrooms for the fiftieth time that day .

if her eyes glanced around occasionally , she was n't trying to find zayn again , she told herself firmly .

she was simply trying to survey the lobby and determine when the rush of guests would abate .

her shift on the front desk finally ended at three o'clock that afternoon and she smiled tiredly at dorothy , her replacement for the night shift .

`` it was busy today , '' ella told her .

`` i just have room checks to do and i 'm out of here , thankfully . ''

dorothy was a nice woman in her early thirties with four kids .

she had the morning shift at home which enabled her to ensure that the kids got off to school each day with a hot breakfast and a warm hug while her husband worked the night shift at a gas station down the road .

he arrived home in time to meet the kids coming off of the school bus , feed them dinner , help each with their homework and tuck them into bed with another hug .

`` not as crazy as at my house , '' dorothy teased .

`` jeremy decided today was a good day to practice his trombone in his sisters ' room .

needless to say , there was lots of shouting going on before i finally got the little demons out the door to school this morning . ''

ella laughed but in truth , she was jealous of dorothy 's home life .

she had great kids that made her laugh , an attentive husband who worshiped her and she got to snuggle with her kids every day .

ella definitely wanted kids , she thought as she picked up the clipboard that contained a checklist for inspecting each of the rooms .

she just had to find the right guy .

she 'd love to have a whole houseful of children one day .

the tall , incredibly handsome man who had walked through the lobby today popped into her mind .

no , she told herself firmly .

zayn definitely was n't the right guy .

he had other priorities , but she smiled at the memory of him striding so confidently through the lobby .

she sighed and pushed through the long hallways , holding her clipboard in front of her as she went down the list once again .

she had three more rooms to check before she was finished for the day .

it was n't that she had big plans .

she was just going to sit in her tiny apartment and study , but she was still relieved to be leaving the hotel .

it had been a hard , busy day interrupted only by the excitement of seeing zayn .

when she entered the penthouse suite , she knocked first and called out carefully to ensure that no one was there .

it was her job to check the rooms and ensure that housekeeping had cleaned properly prior to letting the guests into the rooms .

ella went through her checklist , marking off the various items .

the team thatnormally cleaned the penthouse was good , which was the only way they could get onto this team .

it was a prime job because there were n't as many beds to make , the rooms were generally left in very good order so there was n't as much cleaning to do .

but whatever work there was , it had to be done extremely well .

this suite cost more per night than double her entire annual salary .

`` you 're very beautiful , '' a deep voice said .

ella jumped six inches off the ground , so startled she almost dropped her clipboard .

`` i 'm sorry ... i did n't think ... '' she was about to say that she had thought the penthouse suite was empty but when her eyes glanced up , she realized who it was .

`` zayn ? ''

she whispered , excitement fluttering in her tummy once again .

`` is that really you ? ''

she asked .

she could tell that he did n't recognize her .

she pressed the clipboard to her chest and smiled brightly .

`` it 's me !

ella cooper .

remember from the old neighborhood ?

you were my hero and saved me several times from a beating from julia miller . ''

there was a heartbeat of a pause , then she saw the recognition in his eyes .

and then the surprise .

`` ella ?

is that really you ? ''

he asked , moving forward now , his hand slipping out of his pockets as he took her into a gentle hug .

`` yes .

can you believe it ? ''

she laughed , suddenly trembling as his he bent down to wrap those hard , muscular arms around her .

why was she quivering like this ?

surely she was n't attracted to zayn as a man !

or was she just afraid of him ?

there was definitely an aura of authority surrounding him .

he 'd always been tough , but there was something different , an air of ... .power ?

she was being silly .

this was zayn !

surely she was imagining things .

she should n't be intimidated by him .

he was a sweet , gentle , kind man who would never hurt anyone .