she breathed a little easier when he pulled back .

she took a step backwards , needing the extra space just to see up into his eyes because of his height .

she ignored the excited trembling that invaded her body , pretending that this was just a friend , a guy she 'd known just about all her life .

`` where have you been for the last ten years ?

angelo and dominic just about went crazy looking for you after you disappeared . ''

zayn shrugged slightly .

`` i contacted them as soon as i could .

i knew they 'd be worried . ''

that actually hurt .

it meant that dominic and angelo were worth notifying of his circumstances but she had n't rated a call .

but why should she ?

she 'd been just a little girl back then .

maintaining her professional smile , she asked `` well , what happened to you ?

rumor had it for a while that you were arrested .

is that true ? ''

zayn laughed and ella was embarrassed by the way the sound made her feel .

she shifted slightly , wondering if he could tell that the sound had made her stomach tighten slightly .

and those darn flutterings were going full force now !

but then he smiled .

it was a bit rueful but , as she looked up at his handsome face , she could n't believe how that smile made her heart rate speed up .

`` i guess you could say i was imprisoned . ''

her eyes widened with concern .

`` oh my .

are you okay ?

you look ... '' she hesitated , unaware that her eyes were looking at him as if he were a piece of chocolate cheesecake before she got her libido back in check .

this was zayn she told herself again .

he was like a brother to her .

was n't he ?

okay , maybe a cousin .

perhaps a very distant cousin .

she looked at his broad , muscular shoulders , her breath catching slightly .

maybe the best friend of a distant cousin , she corrected .

`` i 'm okay now but i was pretty furious initially . ''

zayn looked at the petite woman standing in front of him .

she was smiling up at him as if he were some sort of relative , which was completely the opposite of what he was feeling for her .

he 'd had only a brief feel of her softness before she 'd pulled away , but that slight touch of her lush , full breasts pressing against his chest had whetted his appetite .

he 'd seen her several times during the day but she was much more beautiful up close .

and moments ago , he 'd been ogling her adorable bottom in her stiff suit before he 'd revealed himself to her and his body had reacted strongly to her delectable figure .

she had great legs too .

he wondered what they would look like if they were n't in those hideous , thick stockings and ugly , demure shoes .

she definitely was n't the frightened little girl he 'd walked home from school several days a week as a kid .

she 'd filled out in all the right places .

she truly was extraordinarily beautiful , he thought .

her high cheekbones and those striking green eyes were fascinating .

she was too short to be a model , but he could honestly say that he 'd never encountered a woman nearly as beautiful as ella cooper .

or one as strikingly elegant or poised .

she struck him as the ultimate beauty and he wondered why she kept all that dark hair hidden .

he remembered her having straight , almost black hair that she 'd pulled all of it back in a ponytail or a braid almost every day .

she now wore it pinned on top of her head but those soft , wispy tendrils framing her face told him that she still had the lovely , silky texture .

since it was restrained , he was unsure of the length but he suspected that it was still long and beautiful .

with that dark hair and her pale , white skin and gorgeous green eyes , she reminded him of some irish vixen , her long , dark lashes hiding her amazing eyes from his view but he wanted to see all of her , delve into all that she 'd become and learn all about who she had grown into .

`` what are you doing here ? ''

he asked .

`` i saw you down in the lobby .

i suppose you work here ? ''

`` yes , '' ella replied , not sure how she felt about the situation .

she wished she could say that she 'd been more successful over the years , especially so she could impress zayn .

but there was nothing she could do about that now .

her life was n't as glamorous as she 'd like , but she was n't doing too badly .

`` i graduated high school early and am now attending college classes a few days a week . ''

feeling embarrassed that she had n't done more with her life , she changed the subject , shifting it away from herself and her lack of achievements .

`` obviously you 've done pretty well for yourself since you were released . ''

zayn chuckled slightly .

`` i do n't know if i can actually claim that i 've been released .

although i 've accepted the situation . ''

ella did n't understand what he was saying .

`` so what are you doing here now ? ''

`` i have some meetings over the next few days . ''