this meeting with ella definitely was n't going the way he 'd anticipated , zayn thought .

ella was asking about his past and he would really like to discuss their future .

he wanted this lovely woman .

the more he spoke to her , the more intrigued he was .

he 'd thought she was sexy and adorable when he 'd seen her in the lobby , but now that he could see her up close , see those sparkling green eyes and her soft , red lips , his mind was picturing her amid satin sheets , completely devoid of that unflattering uniform she was wearing .

he shifted closer , enjoying her sweet scent and noticing that her fingers were trembling slightly .

that was a good sign , he thought .

it told him that she was only pretending to think of him platonically and professionally .

that was good .

definitely giving him hope .

and more lustful thoughts .

obviously he was n't in prison any longer , she thought , relieved .

`` are you meeting with anyone important ?

maybe they could get you out of whatever pickle you 're currently in . ''

she smiled hopefully , feeling slightly breathless with him this close .

it was difficult , but she continued to mentally remind herself that she should n't be thinking like that about zayn .

he was probably a very busy man and he hopefully thought of her as a friend .

`` i wish i knew some important people who could help you out . ''

she had a sudden inspiration .

`` what about dominic or angelo ?

i know they 've been doing pretty well for themselves . ''

she knew she was rambling but she could n't seem to stop herself .

the way he was looking at her made her feel ... awkward .

she shifted her clipboard so it was covering her breasts , afraid he might notice that her nipples had hardened because of his closeness .

she blinked , trying to focus on his problem instead of the nervous way he made her feel .

`` i 've lost touch with them but i would be more than happy to help you find them .

and if i ca n't locate them , i have some money saved up .

i 'd lend it to you if it would help . ''

zayn could n't believe this .

he was ruler of one of the wealthiest countries in the world and this tiny little female , the one he 'd walked home to protect from mean little bullies , was offering to lend him money to get out of the bad state of affairs she thought he might be facing .

`` i do n't think either dominic or angelo could get me out of my current situation .

but i thank you for offering . ''

he took her hand in his and led her over to one of the down filled sofas , pulling her down next to him .

`` tell me what you 've been up to for the past few years . ''

ella sat stiffly beside him , painfully aware of the breach in hotel protocol she was creating by sitting here on the sofa .

despite her completely inappropriate and unprofessional fascination with the man , she did n't want to be here .

she wanted to jump up and stand beside this man , afraid to be caught fraternizing with one of the guests .

she did n't want to get him in trouble either with his employers .

she did n't understand what kind of trouble he was currently in but she did n't want to make it worse by sitting with him in his boss 's suite .

`` why do n't we go somewhere else and i can buy you a drink ? ''

she suggested .

zayn smiled slightly , more than intrigued .

he was flattered .

no woman had ever offered to buy him a drink .

or anything for that matter .

most women thought of him as a walking wallet .

`` that would be dangerous , '' he said softly and kept her hand in his larger one .

she was shivering he realized .

he wanted to put her at ease , but he was n't sure how to do that .

he 'd never met a more beautiful woman who was so completely unaware of her beauty .

he realized that the chemistry between the two of them was a bit more intense than usual .

he liked that about her .

her shyness appealed to him at level he 'd never been aware of before .

he wanted her , definitely , but he wanted her feeling confident about what might happen between the two of them .

`` would you like some coffee ? ''

he asked .

he raised his hand and immediately a waiter arrived by his side .

`` coffee and something to eat please , '' he said .

the waiter immediately moved away and ella panicked .

`` no , really , that 's okay .

i do n't really need coffee .

i ca n't ... '' `` you can , '' he contradicted firmly , telling her with his eyes that she should relax with him .

`` no , please , '' she argued , seeing bart , the all-knowing waiter , disappear through a set of doors that ella knew led to the butler 's pantry .

she was painfully aware that bart would be calling downstairs to alert her boss that she was sitting here fraternizing with one of the guests .

or more painfully , one of the guests ' employees !

her eyes sliced to the door behind which bart had just disappeared , then back to zayn .