as much as she would love to sit and chat with him , find out where he had been for the last ten years and how he had been , she could n't sit here in this beautiful suite next to him .

`` i have to go , '' she said firmly and tried to stand up but he kept her hand in his .

`` ella , sit down , '' he said sternly .

at her hesitation , he asked , `` have i ever let anything bad happen to you ? ''

ella immediately shook her head .

`` never , '' she whispered but her eyes were wide with the electric shock from his touch .

`` sit down and have a cup of coffee with me , '' he urged .

`` nothing will happen from a simple conversation . ''

ella sat , only because she was n't sure what else to do .

she did n't want to hurt this man 's feelings , but she really did n't want to lose her job .

`` please , let 's just get away from here and i can buy you a drink .

the coffee here is even more expensive than i make in a week ! ''

she joked , but not really .

she 'd wanted to horrify zayn but he just smiled slightly and held her hand more firmly .

`` and i really do n't want you to lose your job .

if your employers in the other rooms found out that we were sitting here , i 'm sure they would n't be very happy . ''

zayn smothered a chuckle at the idea of his advisors being upset with him entertaining a woman .

if they found out , they 'd probably lock the doors to keep her in here .

they 'd been pushing him to find a suitable wife for years but zayn had been too focused on getting the country under control and establishing priorities for growth , as well as getting all of his agencies on the same time table .

his advisors were desperate for an heir , especially an heir from him .

their dynastic thinking was that zayn was a strong , fair ruler so his offspring would be as well and the prosperity of tusain would continue .

`` i guarantee that it will be okay .

i 'll tell the hotel manager that you are a very valuable employee and he should give you a raise . ''

ella knew that any comment from one of the guests along those lines would only be viewed poorly , especially if bart mentioned she 'd been sitting with him having coffee .

she smiled but it was forced .

she fidgeted under his direct gaze because she knew she simply could n't be sitting here like this , even if this man was the most gorgeous , most amazingly handsome and sinfully attractive man she 'd ever seen in her life .

she had to get out of here before bart finished his phone call and she was fired .

`` really , i 'd love to find out what 's happened with you over the past ten years , '' she said and stood up , pulling her hand out of his as she took a step backwards .

`` but i have a great deal of work to do . ''

she wrote down an address on the corner of her checklist then tore it off and handed it to him .

`` here .

if you have time , meet me at this place , '' she whispered , looking behind her nervously to see if bart might overhear her statement or see her handing him the scrap of paper .

`` i get off at six and can be there by seven .

if you have time , that is , '' she said in a hushed , urgent voice and scooted back another step when he stood up .

`` i have to go . ''

with that , she spun around and walked quickly out of the penthouse suite , her head held high .

she was even able to nod politely to bart as she walked by the butler 's pantry .

he looked slightly startled by her abrupt departure , but she could n't stop to analyze his reaction .

she just kept walking out as quickly as possible .

until her shift ended , she was painfully nervous , wondering if either her boss might fire her for the slight breach in rules with zayn or if zayn himself might show up .

she was n't sure which would be worse , or better , or not good .

by the time she actually clocked out for the day she was exhausted .

leaning her head against her locker , she took several deep breaths , trying to get herself back under control .

a few hours later , ella slid into one of the seats in the back of the bar .

he would n't come , she told herself .

she was sitting here with her school books open , looking like an idiot as she waited for a man that suddenly terrified her .

but she could n't help glancing up every time someone walked into the bar .

her heart sank a little bit each time the new arrival did n't happen to be zayn , no matter how many times she told herself to stop hoping .

she sighed and shook her head .

why would a man like zayn come to a place like this when he could have any woman he wanted ?

and he could meet with them in beautiful restaurants or any bar in the city that catered to the rich and powerful ?

he obviously worked for someone very high up and he had a good job with them .