`` i think you were getting acquainted with second base . ''

`` yes , i remember now . ''

instead of his hands going back to her br**sts , he pulled her flush against him .

as his lips met hers , he slipped his arms around her waist .

he grabbed the globes of her ass and squeezed , causing megan to moan into his mouth .

his hands gripped her flesh , urging her upward .

rising on her tiptoes , she allowed him to hoist her up .

her legs wrapped around his waist .

once he had secured her to him , he rammed them back , until they bumped into the wall .

he ground his pelvis into her core , letting her feel how much he truly wanted her .

`` mmm , '' she murmured , as he continued rubbing against her .

one of her hands abandoned his shoulder and slid down his back to squeeze his ass .

his fingers jerked her hair back , pulling her lips back from his .

he gazed into her heavy lidded eyes before his mouth dipped to her neck .

his tongue slid up her jugular , feeling her racing pulse .

`` so you 'll let me inside your body but not your heart ? ''

he demanded .

`` yes .

please pesh . ''

now that he had her right where he wanted her , it was time to put his plan into motion .

`` if i give you an orgasm , you 'll have to go on a date with me . ''

her eyes widened through her panting .

`` you ca n't be serious . ''

`` oh , but i am .

give and take , megan .

i give you what you want- '' he paused in his thrusts to let his fingers dip into the waist band of her scrubs .

through the thin scrap of her thong , his hand caressed her , causing her to whimper .

`` which is to explode in bliss . ''

as he continued stroking her , she hissed in a breath as she glared at him .

`` you want me pretty bad , do n't you , megan ? ''

he asked , as his fingertips felt of her growing moisture .

her fingernails dug into his shoulders .

`` yes .

god , yes , i do . ''

`` so let me give you this pleasure .

i want nothing more than to see you come apart . ''

he licked his lips .

`` then you 'll let me take you out . ''

her eyelids fluttered , and she bit down on her lip .

he could tell she was internally raging war with herself about what to do .

as his fingers sped up their tempo against her clit , her head fell back against the wall .

`` you do n't play fair , '' she groaned .

he momentarily eased his hand off of her .

`` i do n't want to play games with you at all , but you leave me no choice . ''

he lowered his head to kiss her again .

`` all i want is you , '' he murmured .

`` fine , fine . ''

`` fine what ? ''

he questioned , as he looked her in the eye .

`` make me come , and i 'll go out on a date with you . ''

he smiled before easing her back onto her feet .

when he sank to his knees before her , megan 's brows furrowed in confusion .

he then gripped the waistband of her scrubs .

he eased them down , along with her panties , never taking his eyes off hers .

when he had them down to her ankles , he rose back up .

grabbing her by the waist , he shifted her to the side where she bumped into the counter .

he gripped her h*ps once again and raised her up to where her butt rested on the cool formica .

he slid her pants and thong over her shoes , letting the drop into floor below him .

he was so far gone with desire that he did n't stop to think how long it had been since he had gone down on a woman .

he pushed the voices out of his head when they reminded him of how jade had teasingly called his tongue a master of orgasms .

instead , he focused on the beautiful , panting woman before him as she widened her legs invitingly for him .

when he slid his tongue slowly up megan 's wet slit , they both shuddered .

he took one of her legs and propped her foot on his shoulder , so he could get better access to her while he pushed her other thigh further open .

her pink , glistening center was laid out beautifully before him .

as his tongue flicked and teased her swollen clit , megan threw her head back and moaned .

his lips closed over her clit , sucking it hard .

her h*ps began to rock back and forth .

he knew it was n't going to take him long to make her come-she was too ready for this .

it had been a long time for her as well .

he resisted using his fingers .

instead , he spread her apart and then thrust his tongue rhythmically inside her .

megan 's cries grew louder to where he brought his hand up and clamped it over her lips .

the last thing they needed was someone banging on the door .

as he felt her walls tensing , she reached out to twist her fingers in his hair .

he welcomed the pain as she went over the edge , convulsing and screaming against his hand .