she should have given him the address to a nicer place , perhaps a coffee shop closer to the hotel .

no , that would n't have been good .

someone from the staff might have seen her with him and zayn was n't the kind of man that people did n't notice .

ella knew she would n't have been comfortable talking with him closer to the hotel .

`` i thought you were going to study , '' dennis called out from the bar , interrupting her mental castigations .

he was the owner who let her wait tables on the weekend and her nights off from the hotel to make some extra cash .

he was a sweet man in his late fifties that had seen a hard life , but had n't let the cruelty of that life batter his soul .

he was kind and generous and had practically adopted her when she 'd moved into the apartment building across the street three years ago .

she 'd struggled a great deal that first year , terrified of how she was going to pay her rent , buy food for herself , keep her job and still finish high school .

she had cried on his shoulder on more than one occasion but he 'd given her sage advice and helped her through it all .

she thought of him more as a father figure than a boss and she respected all he 'd done with his life as well .

she smiled wanly , wondering if she should tell dennis about zayn coming in .

biting her lip , she knew that she had to give him a head 's up .

he was very protective and might try and get rid of zayn if he approached her table .

it was improbable that he would come , but just in case .

`` i might have a friend stop by , '' she called back to him .

since it was a monday night , there were n't many customers except for a few of the usuals who hung out at the bar almost every day .

he looked at her skeptically .

`` you get your studying done , missy , '' dennis called back to her while he poured another beer for one of his customers .

`` on it , '' she called back with a smile for the sweet man .

she looked around at dennis ' bar , wondering how zayn would feel meeting her here .

he obviously was now used to much classier places , but it was n't too horrible here .

the tables were clean , dennis never allowed smoking and he did n't water down the drinks .

the alcohol might not be top shelf , but it was n't the rot-gut some of the other bars in the area served .

so dennis had a pretty good business going here with his loyal customers appreciating his honesty and better than normal service .

ella smiled slightly but she heeded his advice and looked down at her books .

she did n't take summers off like most of the other students , preferring to plow through continuously so she could get it done as quickly as possible .

she had a history quiz in two days and she 'd already written her paper for her english class , but it could use some tweaking .

there was no reason to waste energy hoping to see zayn tonight .

he most likely had better things to do with his time than meet a shy , painfully pale brunette at some dive bar in the wrong part of the city .

focusing on her schoolwork , she was busy taking notes , highlighting areas of importance and shifting her papers around so that she could study more efficiently when she felt that strange feeling again .

it was n't that the air stirred or moved so much as it became ... electrified .

she pushed her hair off of her forehead , tucking the dark , brown strands back behind her ear and trying to focus .

it was probably just the annoying gang members that snuck in through the back door , she told herself as she turned the page on her book .

dennis would take care of anyone that might cause trouble .

he was well known for promptly getting rid of the riff raff .

`` you are here , '' zayn said as he approached .

`` when my driver pulled up outside , i did n't think he had the correct address . ''

ella looked up , astonished that he had come .

goodness , he looked ... amazing !

and definitely out of place .

his tall , muscular physique alone stood out among the shorter , day laborer type of patrons sitting at the bar .

but his dark suit and snowy , white shirt definitely were of better quality than the tee-shirt and jeans crowd .

she stared as he approached , shocked at how incredible he looked and the terrifying impact his presence had on her body .

she tried to sit up straight , to look confident , but the closer he advanced , the more nervous she became .

she pressed back against the chair , suddenly afraid of the furious expression on the tall man 's face .

`` zayn ?

you 're here ?

you came ? ''

she said , not sure if she was happy or concerned .

he looked very forbidding .

he stopped in front of the table where her books were spread out , his hands resting on his lean hips and looking down at her as if he were furious for some reason .

`` of course i came .

but i was sure you 'd given me the wrong address . ''

`` this guy bothering you , ella ? ''