dennis called out from the bar .

ella noticed that dennis already had one hand under the bar and she quickly shook her head .

`` not at all .

this is my old friend from my previous neighborhood . ''

at dennis ' skeptical look , she smiled reassuringly and stood up , standing in front of zayn so dennis could n't hurt him .

`` he 's just a friend . ''

she silently begged dennis to not interfere and only relaxed when he reluctantly nodded his head , taking his hand out from underneath the bar where the long , wooden bat was kept .

dennis never hesitated to use that bat when someone was interfering with his business or one of his waitresses .

ella might be off duty , but he was still overly protective .

`` he 's fine now , '' ella sighed with relief , referring to dennis .

zayn was looking as if he wanted to pick a fight with the older man but ella did n't want anyone to get hurt .

`` please , have a seat , '' she said .

`` i 'll get you a drink .

what would you like ? ''

she asked .

zayn looked around at the dingy bar and shook his head .

growing up , he might have considered this place to be the perfect hangout .

but his tastes had become more refined over the past ten-plus years .

seeing how nervous and hopeful ella was , he did n't suggest a change in venues .

`` how 's the coffee here ? ''

he finally said .

ella laughed and her shoulders eased down somewhat .

`` sludge like .

you 'll love it , '' she said and spun around to get him a cup .

zayn watched as she leaned over the bar , her adorable bottom almost sticking up in the air as she grabbed a coffee pot that obviously was behind the bar .

he also noticed all of the other men watching her and he gritted his teeth .

why would ella allow herself to be ogled in such a way ?

he 'd seen her only briefly this afternoon , but in those short moments , he 'd already decided that this slender beauty was going to be his .

she 'd struck a nerve inside of him , something he had n't realized was even a part of his psyche but he could n't ignore it .

in fact , she 'd been distracting him all afternoon .

every time he 'd tried to concentrate in his tedious meetings , an image of her smiling , fresh face came to mind .

he was actually in washington , d.c. for meetings with the president and his aides and he 'd canceled several of those scheduled for tonight in order to be here with ella .

he had n't even tried to stay away , knowing that seeing her again was more important .

he did n't understand why it was important , but he 'd accepted that and shifted his schedule .

for a man who prided himself on his focus and concentration , having that kind of a distraction seemed like a sign of poor self-discipline .

and he 'd worked very hard most of his life to attain absolute discipline .

for a woman to cause a lack of such was unheard of .

and why had he even noticed the other men looking at her ?

it was n't just that old habits die hard .

nor was it that he simply wanted this woman .

almost painfully .

no , there was something more to ella that he did n't completely understand .

he sighed and turned back , eyeing his guards who had come in with him and stationed themselves a few tables away .

they were forming a loose perimeter around the table , trying to appear casual but it was hard for large , bulky men like his security team to blend in .

they were trained to be obvious which discouraged assassination attempts but furthermore , their exercise and training schedule , as well as his own , caused all of them to be larger and more muscular than ordinary men .

thankfully , they were looking around at the other patrons so he did n't think they were aware of his poor concentration .

or his embarrassing fascination with this petite woman .

`` so , '' ella said as she carefully placed a cup of coffee in front of zayn then sat down with her own cup of tea across from him .

`` what have you been up to ?

and what happened to you all those years ago ?

i 've been dying to hear all about your adventures ever since i saw you earlier this afternoon . ''

zayn shifted the cup slightly , taking a sip .

he almost coughed at the bitter , unholy taste of the coffee .

he was n't sure when this brew was made , but it probably had n't been in this decade .

she had n't lied when she 'd described the coffee as sludge-like .

in fact , that might be insulting sludge .

pushing the cup away from him slightly , he focused on the amazingly beautiful woman in front of him .

when his eyes took in her lovely appearance , his body reacted to the soft blush that stained her pale cheeks .

as he looked down at her , he realized that it was n't that she was unhealthy , although she definitely could put on a little weight .

it was more that she just had very pale , almost translucent skin .

clearing his throat and shaking himself mentally , he focused on answering her question .

`` i 've been mostly out of the country , '' he replied evasively .