`` how is your mother ? ''

he asked , switching the subject away from himself .

ella told him about her mother 's death three years ago and he saw the pain in her eyes .

he wanted to lift her into his arms and cradle her in his arms , offer her comfort , but he was n't sure how she would react to that kind of sympathy .

`` where did you go after her death ?

who were you living with ? ''

he asked , remembering that she and her mother had lived alone .

he could n't remember her talking about any other relatives , but that might be because she 'd been so young , the subject had n't really come up .

`` oh , i survived , just like all of us , '' she said , waving aside the fact that her mother had died when she was fifteen and she 'd fought hard to stay under the radar of the children 's services division .

she 'd taken care of herself , working hard and studying , getting excellent grades and refusing to be broken .

something in her voice caught his attention and he stopped her .

`` ella , where have you been living all this time ? ''

he asked gently .

he wanted to reach out and touch her hand , even to pull her into his arms when he saw the pain and fear creep into her eyes .

but he restrained himself .

`` i took care of myself , '' she told him quickly .

`` what about your mother ? ''

`` my mother lives in florida right now . ''

he would n't let her move on from her last comment .

`` are you telling me that you 've lived on your own , paying the rent on that apartment and buying all of your food by yourself ? ''

he demanded , becoming furious with her for putting herself in that kind of danger .

ella looked taken aback , as if his question seemed odd .

`` of course i lived on my own .

i did n't want to be put into foster care .

you 're very well aware of what happened to angelo .

after his experiences , i doubt anyone from the old neighborhood would take that route . ''

zayn 's eyebrows drew down , revealing how furious he was .

not with her but with fate and the system that did n't protect her .

`` ella , how did you get by ? ''

`` i worked , '' she replied , looking down at the table .

`` i had several jobs and i studied hard .

it was n't easy , but i 'd much rather have that problem than ... '' she shook her head .

`` anyway , that 's in the past now .

i do n't want to think about it . ''

she quickly changed the subject and started telling him stories about the other people they both knew from the old neighborhood .

zayn had heard most of the stories because he spoke with angelo and dominic on a regular basis , but he listened and laughed , enchanted with ella 's telling of the foibles .

she was never mean about the recounting , or even malicious about the girls who had hurt her , the ones he 'd eventually protected her from .

he could n't help but chuckle as she told him about the kids that had been arrested , their trials , where they were in each of their prison sentences , who had gotten married , who had kids and any humorous stories about those kids she had heard through the grapevine .

when someone called out to her , she looked around , surprised that the bar had filled up so much .

`` goodness ! ''

she gasped and looked at her watch .

`` i 'm so sorry .

i 've monopolized your time for three hours ! ''

`` let me take you home , '' he said through the crowd .

he had n't noticed the passing of time , too absorbed in watching her facial expressions and enjoying the enticing view of her soft , full breasts whenever she leaned closer to him .

it was n't much of a view , but the conservative , cotton tee-shirt hugged her breasts just enough to tell him that she would be more than a handful when he finally freed those lovely breasts from the restraint of her plain , cotton bra .

he was still concerned about what she 'd had to endure after her mother 's death , but he vowed that he would make up for all of the problems she 'd gone through .

in that moment , he wanted to drape her in silks and satins , show her all that she 'd missed because of her abbreviated childhood .

ella gathered up her books and notebooks , shoving them into her plain , canvas bag before tossing it over her shoulder .

when he also stood up and started to help her , the trembling started once again .

`` you do n't need to do that , '' she said , suddenly nervous once again .

it had been easy to talk to him as he sat across the table from her , but it was n't so easy now that he was towering over her .

with her sneakers on , the top of her head did n't even reach his shoulder .

she felt small and nervous , anxious about the night .

`` i 'll take you home , '' he repeated when she 'd slung the heavy bag over her shoulder .

ella stood there in front of him in the dim light of the bar , her fingers twisting together and her body still shaking , even more pronounced now that they were standing and his height and all those incredible muscles were more obvious .