`` really , you do n't need to see me home .

i live very close . ''

`` of course i do .

what would dennis say if he knew that i 'd let you go home alone ? ''

ella laughed , staring at her feet because she was suddenly too shy to hold his gaze .

`` i live across the street .

joe is sitting in the doorway and he watches to make sure i get home okay . ''

zayn 's eyebrow went up .

`` you live across the street ?

from here ? ''

he demanded , once again angry at what she was enduring .

ella looked up at him curiously .

`` of course .

it 's a much better place than where my mother and i lived .

and of course , i do n't need that much room , '' she shrugged .

`` this place fits me better than the other apartment . ''

zayn knew that the apartment she 'd shared with her mother was about five hundred square feet .

there had been one bedroom , a closet-sized den area that had barely been able to hold a sofa , on which her mother had slept each night .

their kitchen had been smaller than the butler 's pantry in the penthouse he was staying in over at the hotel .

in fact , that pantry was more than three times the size of the kitchen ella had shared with her mother .

he also knew that the two of them had made the most amazing cookies in that tiny little space .

ella 's mother had baked them for him whenever she had some extra cash , a sort of thank you to him for looking out for her little girl .

zayn moved closer , his hand coming up to touch her cheek .

`` you 've had a hard time of it , have n't you , my beauty ? ''

ella was so flustered , she could n't even hold his gaze .

`` my life is n't nearly as hard as others , '' she whispered , wishing she sounded more confident .

`` i 've been pretty lucky , all things considered . ''

zayn did n't think so , but he was n't going to say that .

in fact , he wanted to wrap her up in silk and feed her chocolate for the rest of her days .

she was too soft , too trusting for this world , he thought .

`` let me get you home , '' he replied , his voice husky with concern and a sudden need to possess her , take care of her and give her everything possible .

they walked out of the bar , several of the men calling out to her .

ella waved to several of them but zayn noticed that she ignored other calls .

he suspected that those men were n't so friendly in their attentions .

he considered smashing their faces in just because he knew the type of men they were , preying on smaller women who were too nice to put them in their place .

but he followed ella out of the bar , making sure that the others could tell that he was there to watch out for her .

he glared at some , silently telling them that ella was not to be messed with , and then nodded politely to dennis .

`` you okay , ms .

ella ? ''

johnny called out from his wooden stool just outside the door .

johnny was the bouncer who ruled the outer perimeter of the bar .

dennis could take care of anyone inside , but it was johnny 's job to keep out the known irritants .

and he did an excellent job , knowing the neighborhood well enough to not allow entry to anyone who had been causing problems on the streets .

`` it 's all good , johnny .

how 's debbie ? ''

ella asked , referring to johnny 's wife who was eight months pregnant with their first child .

he groaned and rolled his eyes as if he were enduring much pain .

`` whining about swollen feet this afternoon .

that 's why i was here early , '' he said , winking and laughing .

ella shook her head .

`` you were here ten minutes late , '' ella contradicted .

`` probably because you were rubbing her toes again , were n't you ? ''

johnny just made some disgusted sound as if he thought ella was crazy to even suggest something so outrageous .

but ella knew better .

he worshiped debbie and she did the same back for him .

both of them were completely dedicated to each other and it was a love that ella hoped for herself someday .

ella stepped off of the curb and walked across the relatively empty street .

if it was a friday or saturday night , there would be cars driving up and down this street , searching for some sort of mischief .

but on a monday , it was calm and relatively clear .

even so , she shivered with awareness when zayn put a protective hand on the small of her back .

she could feel him turning his head back and forth to ensure that there were n't any cars coming , or any other threats he might have to deal with .

she smiled , thinking back to how sweet and protective he 'd been when she 'd been in third grade .

he was still protecting her now and she thought it was charming even though she could take now care of herself .

she 'd taken the free self-defense classes at the police station , used all the precautions and knew to be on alert and aware of her surroundings at all times .