one they were across the street , ella unlocked the door to the building and she turned to face zayn , not wanting to walk all the way up the narrow stairs with him .

but before she could even utter a thank you , he shook his head .

`` all the way inside , ella , '' he stated , meaning he was n't going away until she was safely inside her apartment .

she looked up at him and knew that he was n't going to argue with her .

he would simply stand there on the street all night until he considered her safe and sound .

`` why do men seem to think i 'm incapable of protecting myself ? ''

she grumbled , painfully self-conscious of walking up the narrow stairs in front of him in her jeans that had definitely seen better days .

she 'd had these jeans for several years and , unfortunately , she 'd gained just enough weight for them to be embarrassingly tight .

zayn almost laughed at her disgruntled expression .

if she only knew how many women would kill to be in her position , would she feel any differently ?

probably not .

ella was n't that kind of a woman .

she did n't like competition unless she was competing against herself .

but damn !

those jeans were ... .hot !

he actually had to grip the wobbly railing just to keep his hands from reaching out and cupping her perfect bottom .

he wanted her , no doubt about it .

he would n't do anything about it , though .

everything about ella screamed that she was innocent and he could n't take that away from her .

she was sweet and fresh and alive .

and he was a bastard for thinking such salacious thoughts about her .

he needed to clear his mind of all those things , all the things he wanted to do to her , and with her .

he watched as she fumbled with the keys , finally getting the right one into the lock and his mind instantly thought about what he wanted her to do with those pretty , white hands .

her nails were short but neat and her fingers long and elegant looking .

he could easily picture those soft hands against his chest , her fingers touching him , running along his arms or wrapping around his neck .

he had to pull his eyes away from those hands !

focus on something else , he ordered himself .

but that 'something else ' became her soft , red lips , perfectly shaped and his mind shifted away from her hands but he imagined her doing the same thing with her ... .stop it !

he took a deep breath but there was so little space in this narrow hallway that he just breathed in the clean scent of ella .

bracing his hands on the sides of the wall did n't seem to help .

he still felt himself leaning forward , his eyes watching her beautiful green ones , desperately hoping she would slap his face and tell him to leave her alone .

but all he saw in those dark , green depths was the same thing he was feeling .

and it did n't help him to pull back , to get out of that hallway .

when their lips touched , he felt as well as heard her gasp .

he was feeling the exact same thing but he was more cynical about the experience .

he did n't believe that he 'd actually felt that electric jolt .

he touched her lips again , waiting for the disappointment .

but that did n't come .

in fact , just the opposite .

with stunned surprise , his body was instantly hard and aching , desperate to have her just from that simple touch but he could n't stop , as much as he knew he should .

he pulled her against him and she felt even better than he could have anticipated .

she was so soft , so sensuous he wanted to lift her into his arms .

if he 'd been aware of his surroundings , zayn might have been surprised to find that he actually had lifted her into his arms , pressing her back against the wall and kissing her like there was no tomorrow .

but he was n't able to think , to slow down enough to make sense of his actions .

all he knew was that she was kissing him back and it was n't the sweet , gentle kiss of an innocent .

ella 's passion matched his , at least in intensity if not in skill .

later , he might think about things and realize that her kiss might indicate that she 'd never kissed a man before , but since she was so beautiful and sexy , at that moment , her never having been kissed was impossible to believe .

especially when she kissed him back exactly as he was kissing her , mimicking his movements and driving him crazy by wiggling against him , pressing herself against him .

ella thought she might just pass out with the heat that was driving her wild .

she could n't get enough of zayn .

his kiss was nothing like what she 'd thought it might be like .

she 'd expected him to be gentlemanly , kind and sweet .

this was not a sweet kiss .

nor did she want anything like that now .

she wanted him , just like this , ravenous for her , giving her exactly what she did n't realize she needed until he 'd touched her .

and when she felt that hardness lower on her belly , she shifted her body so that it was exactly where she needed it .