she could n't seem to stop , to be still and enjoy his kiss .

there was no enjoyment , it was sheer desperation to feel him , to taste more of zayn .

wrapping her legs around his waist made the ache better , but only for a moment .

because doing it ... yes ... just like that , she gasped when she shifted again .

and again .

she actually closed her eyes , shifting again and again against him , completely embracing the incredible feel of his body against hers , unaware of what she was doing .

`` yes ! ''

she cried out frantically , pleasure washing over her and she held onto him as her first orgasm shattered her body in a wave of pleasure so intense she thought she might actually pass out .

zayn watched , the pain of needing to bury himself inside her heat ... not really abating , but pushed back for the longest moment while he watched the beauty of ella in the throes of passion .

and they were both completely dressed !

damn !

he could n't believe what was happening .

this had never happened before but she was just so responsive .

so incredible !

he continued to hold her , pressing against her to prolong the feeling , giving her more of himself than he 'd ever given any woman before .

and he thought she was incredibly beautiful .

when she finally sighed , her body slumping against his and the wall behind her , he thought he might just explode himself .

but he gained enough control over his body to hold back , to realize that this was all wrong .

he could n't do this to ella .

not here , not like this .

she deserved more .

and damn if he was n't going to give it to her .

he bent down and kissed her neck but had to pull back quickly .

his control could only take so much stimulation .

`` goodness , '' she sighed , her hands smoothing down his shoulders .

and then realization of what had just happened hit her .

`` no , '' she whispered , squeezing her eyes closed .

she quickly dropped her legs , standing up by herself and trying to push against the large man , wishing she could just fall into the floor .

`` i 'm so sorry ! ''

she gasped out , covering her face with her hands .

`` i ca n't believe what just happened . ''

zayn wanted to laugh , but he was in too much pain .

`` please do n't apologize , '' he said , hearing that his voice was deeper than normal .

`` i thought you looked incredible . ''

she covered his mouth with her hands , shaking her head .

`` that did n't happen , '' she groaned .

`` we 'll just pretend like it did n't happen at all .

you can go back to your meetings and your boss .

i 'll just slip inside my apartment and cover my face with my pillow .

everything will be back to normal tomorrow . ''

he chuckled and shook his head .

`` that 's not really what is going to happen , ella , '' he said softly , his hands sliding up her waist , stopping just short of cupping those lovely , full breasts .

`` you 're going to come out to dinner with me tomorrow night . ''

ella quickly shook her head , refusing his command .

`` no .

that 's not possible . ''

she did n't know why it was n't possible , but she could n't face him again .

she 'd be perfectly happy if she never saw him again .

seeing him would just bring all of her embarrassment right back to her mind and she preferred to pretend like she had n't just been a wanton , crazy woman in his arms .

`` it 's not only possible , it is definitely going to happen , ella .

i 'll pick you up at the same time tomorrow night .

if you 're not here , i 'll just head over to dennis and ask him where you might be . ''

she cringed at the idea of dennis seeing zayn again tomorrow night .

dennis had already been wary of the man .

if he saw zayn again tomorrow night , there would be an interrogation .

`` fine , '' she groaned , still looking no higher than the middle of his chest .

`` but i 'll meet you somewhere .

do n't pick me up .

just tell me where to go and i 'll be there tomorrow after i get off work . ''

no reason to let anyone else in the neighborhood know that she was going to meet zayn again .

besides , dennis would see zayn from his front windows and the interrogation would start as soon as she came in for work friday night .

he 'd be an absolute bear about it , she just knew it .

better to just meet zayn for dinner somewhere else .

he 'd be out of town in no time and ella could get back to her normal , if sometimes trying , life .

zayn considered her suggestion for a moment .

he knew she was embarrassed and until he had her sitting down across the table from him , he would n't be able to ease that embarrassment .

`` i 'll send a car for you , '' he compromised .

ella thought that might work .

besides , it would alleviate the cost of getting onto a bus .

`` okay , '' she sighed , wishing he would just leave so she could pretend that she had n't just done ... whatever one called what had just happened .