zayn laughed softly , understanding that she wanted him gone .

`` i 'll see you tomorrow night , '' he said and kissed the top of her head .

`` go inside and lock the door so i can hear the bolts slide into place , '' he commanded .

normally , ella would ignore anyone who tried to order her about but in this case , she just wanted to hide .

getting into her apartment and locking the door was exactly what she wanted .

so what if his order coincided with her desires ?

she slipped through the door , eager to just hide from him .

she leaned against the door , locked all of her bolts and slid the chains into place , relieved when she heard his footsteps move off down the hallway .

closing her eyes , she slid down the door to the floor , wishing she could start the whole night over again .

chapter 2 the following night , ella smoothed the cotton sundress over her stomach and hips , her fingers shaking slightly as she thought about seeing zayn again .

she wished she could have contacted him , called off tonight , but he had n't left her any contact information .

she 'd tried to call the front desk , but she knew the hotel policies and they would n't put her call through without some sort of identity .

they promised to take a message , but what was she supposed to say ?

if she 'd just said she was canceling her evening plans , would he even pay attention to the message ?

she suspected that zayn would show up anyway .

at least , the old zayn would have .

there had n't been many people in the old neighborhood who would have defied zayn .

when the doorbell rang , she glanced across her small space , her eyes wide and worried .

she could n't face him , she thought miserably .

not after last night .

what would he think of her ?

she 'd been so wanton , acted so promiscuously .

she blushed just standing on the other side of the wooden door , how could she even face him ?

`` open the door , ella , '' zayn 's deep voice commanded from the other side .

ella stared at the door , gripping the love seat behind her .

the trembling started once again , full force this time and she could barely catch her breath .

`` ella , '' he repeated after several moments of silence .

ella closed her eyes and took a deep breath .

pretend like nothing happened , she told herself firmly .

just act like this happens all the time , that it was nothing out of the ordinary .

she dated occasionally .

okay , so not at all , really .

the best she could say is that she held conversations with other men .

and that was generally only when she was in the checkout line at the grocery store and jessica , the normal sales clerk , was off for the day .

no , she was abominably low on flirting expertise .

`` ella , if you do n't answer the door , i 'm going to get the building manager to open this for me . ''

ella knew that ms. wertheim , the woman on the bottom floor who ran the building , would gladly enter into ella 's domain , always wanting to know everyone 's business .

ella was friendly to the elderly woman , but never told her anything that was going on .

ms. wertheim liked to spread news like a wind spreads seeds and by the end of the day , everyone would know that ella had received a man into her apartment .

ella walked over to the door and pulled it open , unable to look up into zayn 's handsome features .

zayn looked down at the incredibly lovely woman in the cheap , thin sundress that , nonetheless , looked astoundingly alluring on her slender frame .

he tried very hard not to chuckle as the pink color spread quickly from her neck to her cheeks , making her pale skin look like she 'd been in the sun for much too long .

walking into her space , he could n't help but notice how little furniture she had .

and what there was , she 'd probably found abandoned on the street and hauled home by herself .

taking her hand , he lifted it up to his mouth and kissed her knuckles .

`` you look very pretty , ella , '' he said softly , holding her close when she would have pulled away .

`` thank you , '' she replied , smoothing the dress down again .

`` i thought you were only sending a car . ''

`` i did send a car .

i just happened to be inside the car as well . ''

ella had n't anticipated the subterfuge , but what could she say ?

she was both thrilled to see him again , he pulse rate skyrocketing , and at the same time , still not ready to face him .

`` did you have a nice day ? ''

she asked , wanting to change the subject .

and get out of her tiny apartment .

it had always felt just fine for her needs , but zayn standing in the middle of her space made things feel shockingly smaller .

he was too big , too tall and muscular to fit inside this tiny studio apartment .

zayn understood exactly what she was thinking and wanted to help her out .

`` ella , you did n't do anything wrong last night , '' he said softly , moving closer and taking her hand in his , holding it with his large , warm fingers .