a girl has to have secrets .

mine just happen to be what makes chocolate chip cookies taste better . ''

he chuckled softly , a sexy sound that caused her body to shiver deliciously .

`` then you 'll have to make some for me whenever i want them .

deal ? ''

`` no deal , '' she countered with a laugh .

`` if i remember correctly , you wanted them all the time . ''

the man had a voracious appetite .

and as she looked at him , the question popped into her mind ; what did his insatiable appetites lead him to at this point in his life ?

she blushed , knowing the answer already .

the man was astonishingly tall , breathtakingly gorgeous and had more charm than should be allowed in one man .

his appetites were definitely sexual and she could easily see him fulfilling those appetites .

with her actually .

he caught her blush and one eyebrow went up quickly .

`` what are you thinking about now ? ''

he asked , amused by all the possibilities .

surely she was n't thinking what he was thinking - that he wanted to kiss her until she was blushing everywhere and not just on her beautiful cheeks .

she waved both of her hands at him .

`` never mind that , '' she replied , her voice breathy because she was still thinking about him in sexual terms instead of the safer , more appropriate 'friend ' terms .

she glanced at her watch .

`` i 'd better go , '' she said and placed her napkin beside her plate and picked up her purse .

`` can i pay for my half of the meal ? ''

she asked cautiously .

she did n't want him to spend his whole paycheck on the dinner , but she had no idea how much everything cost .

she only had twenty dollars in her purse at the moment .

`` i might need to get some extra cash though , '' she said as she looked around for the waiter .

`` you 're not paying for this meal , '' he said firmly and stood up , coming around the table to take her hand .

she hesitated , still looking around for the waiter .

but they had disappeared , leaving the two of them alone in the room .

`` i ca n't let you pay for everything , '' she countered .

`` do n't we need to wait for the check ? ''

she asked as he started to lead her out of the private dining room .

zayn waved aside her concerns .

`` it has been taken care of , '' he replied , knowing that either one of his security guards or his assistant had already taken care of the bill for dinner .

`` let 's get some fresh air .

there 's a pretty park across the street . ''

he almost smiled as his guards heard the comment , knowing that they would dread having him out in the open .

if they had their way , he would be stashed away at the palace all the time where they could more easily control security around him .

he handed his suit jacket and tie to his guards as they stepped out of the air conditioning and into the damp , humid night air .

they strolled through the trees while ella asked him more about the pranks he did with his friends , angelo and dominic .

by the time they had walked back to his limousine , her sides were aching with laughter from all of his crazy stories .

those three had been up to much more than she 'd ever imagined .

when they approached the car , she knew that the night was late and it was past time for her to be getting home .

`` i guess this is the end , '' she sighed with regret .

her fingers were still resting on his arm and she wanted so badly to move her hand , to explore what might be underneath the expensive fabric , but she kept her fingers still , resisting the urge .

`` come back to my suite .

we 'll have a glass of brandy and sample some of the desserts that are waiting in the car . ''

ella was tempted , but she knew she could n't be found in his suite .

`` thank you very much for the offer , but i ca n't . ''

he ran a finger over her jaw gently .

`` are you still afraid of your management catching wind of your association with me ? ''

he teased .

she laughed and nodded .

`` i guarantee that they would not approve . ''

`` i can make sure that they do n't cause you any problems , '' he offered , moving closer .

he was relieved when she did n't move back .

he liked holding her like this .

perhaps too much .

but she shook her head .

`` it 's late , '' she sighed .

`` i have to study tomorrow morning and work the afternoon shift at the hotel . ''

he knew he should step away .

he should just put her into his car and drive her home , not touch her in any way .

but there was just something about ella that would n't release him .

as he looked down at her , her own eyes looked up and he knew that he was n't going to just drive her home .

there was a look in her eyes , something that told him that she wanted this as much as he did .

when he bent lower , slowly coming down to her level , giving her plenty of opportunity to push him away .