he waited , willing her to slap his face and tell him to go to hell .

he was ten years older than she was , almost thirty and she was n't even twenty years old .

but that did n't matter right now .

she felt perfect in his arms and he could n't stop when he touched his lips to hers .

at that first touch , ella knew she was lost .

she 'd tried very hard to think of zayn as a friend , to remember that he was n't from her world anymore , that he should be off limits .

but when she felt his lips on hers , she knew that she would die if he stopped .

she reached up , her hand touching his cheek , feeling the heat of his skin .

the electric shock that rippled through her at that moment was shocking .

she rose up on her toes , trying to increase the pressure but she should n't have worried about that .

at that same moment , his arm wrapped around her waist , pulling her higher , bringing her against his hard , muscular body and she shuddered , needing more .

her body remembered the previous night and ached to feel him like that again , to feel that pleasure , with him , all over again .

she pressed herself against him , heard the odd sounding groan but did n't pay any attention to it .

all she wanted was to feel him , to know that he was close and that they would continue doing this until this odd sensation deep in her belly ceased aching so painfully .

zayn lifted his head and shook it slightly , trying to remember where they were and who she was .

`` we have to go , '' he said with a gravelly voice .

he took her hand without any other explanation and pulled her along to the limousine .

he gently nudged her into the vehicle and followed behind , telling his driver to get them back to her place .

the driver took that order seriously and sped off into the night , leaving the decorous , elegant section of washington , d.c. behind them .

it took less than ten seconds before zayn knew that he could n't keep his hands off of her .

she sat beside him silently , her fingers tangling together and he pulled her into his arms , relieved when she practically jumped off of the seat onto his lap .

her arms were around him and her body was arching towards his own .

he could no more stop himself from kissing ella than he could extinguish all the stars in the nighttime sky .

the only thing that stopped him was the cooler night air hitting him and he looked up to realize that they were back at her apartment building .

he stepped out , then took her hand to help her out as well .

`` you 're home , '' he said as he took her hand .

ella blinked and looked around .

yes , they were back at her apartment and her heart sank .

this was the end , she thought sadly .

this would be where he politely walked her to her door .

he would then drive off into the night and she 'd never see him again .

she could see the truth in his eyes .

`` so it is , '' she sighed miserably .

`` i really loved dinner tonight , '' she said , wishing he would just take her back into his arms and make her feel wonderful again .

when he was touching her , kissing her , the world seemed right and sane .

there was hope and happiness .

but when he stopped , all the darkness and dinginess of her world returned .

`` i had a nice night as well , '' he said and pulled her closer once again , breathing deeply of the soft , sweet , `` ella '' scent .

there was nothing quite like it and he wanted desperately to bury his face in her hair and kiss her neck , kiss her throat , and move slowly downwards until ... . `` i 'll walk you up to your door , '' he said , more firmly than he 'd intended .

`` thank you , '' she whispered , painfully conscious of john at his regular spot by the door of dennis ' bar across the street .

he watched everything , knew what was happening everywhere .

she waved briefly , then started up the stairs , taking her keys out of her purse along the way .

zayn walked behind her and just about shouted at the flirty little skirt in front of him on the damn stairs .

did she realize what she was doing ?

had she any idea of the invitation that dress had for a man walking behind her ?

damn !

with every step , that short little cotton thing flipped enticingly , never revealing anything but coming so close he had to restrain himself from touching the backs of her legs , from letting his hands slide up from that flippy little hem so he could explore everything underneath .

when she reached the top step , he could n't take the allure any longer .

lifting her up , he pinned her against the wall , growling at the surprised expression in those gorgeous eyes of hers .

`` did you do that on purpose ? ''

he demanded , his hands moving from her bottom where he was holding her against him , and sliding lower , his dark hand finding her pale , soft skin along her leg .

when his fingers discovered her prim , cotton underwear , he just about howled at the moon , his need was so intense .