`` do what ? ''

she gasped , but her mouth dropped open and her head fell backwards .

she could n't believe how erotic it felt to have his hands on her bottom , on the backs of her thighs .

she wanted him to move ... just a little to the right ... but he had other ideas and her hands were gripping his shoulders , her body shifting so that ... yes !

zayn knew exactly what she was doing and almost laughed at how transparent she was in the dim light of the hallway .

`` oh no , little one , '' he growled .

`` we 're not doing it that way tonight . ''

with that statement hanging in the air between them , he grabbed her keys and slid the right one quickly into the lock with one hand .

how he managed to pick the correct key with all of them on that keychain , he had no clue but he could n't stop right now if the whole damn building was burning down .

he carried her into her tiny apartment and slammed the door shut behind him .

with her against the wall once more , he shifted his hands , exploring her more slowly , more thoroughly .

her gasps of surprise and excitement were making him more than a little insane .

he wanted to be buried inside of her but he could n't seem to control their movements enough .

`` zayn ! ''

she gasped when he lifted his hand , sliding higher under her dress .

his large hand was cupping her bottom now , setting her body on fire .

she should be embarrassed by what he was doing , but the fire zipping through her did n't leave any room for embarrassment .

she just needed him .

she was n't sure how to appease this need , but it was causing her to ache in very strange places .

`` tell me what you like , '' he urged .

`` and where your bed is , '' he commanded in a more insistent tone of voice .

`` bed is in the sofa , '' she told him , leaning her head back so he could nibble along her collar bone .

`` do n't stop .

please , '' she begged .

`` i do n't intend to , '' he said with the same amount of urgency .

he looked around and knew he could n't get her bed out from the damn sofa one handed .

so instead , he sat down with her on his lap , her legs on either side of his hips .

this freed up his hands so he could remove the dress .

with a flick of a tie and one button , the whole thing just slipped down her shoulders .

since that was n't good enough , he lifted it up over her head and tossed it to the side .

seeing that white , cotton bra almost made him laugh .

she was so sensuous and the white cotton was the antithesis of what he pictured her in , but he could n't laugh .

not right now anyway .

he needed her out of that contraption and his fingers quickly dispenses with the ridiculous garment .

he made a mental note to have an entire silk , satin and lace undergarment wardrobe sent over to her .

but then his eyes focused on her , seeing her breasts for the first time .

her eyes were dilated and she started to cover her breasts , but he grabbed her wrists , gently pulling them back so she could n't hide herself from him .

`` do n't , please , '' he commanded with that husky voice that never failed to cause ella 's body to heat up several notches .

she shivered and relaxed her arms .

at first , she was nervous but as he continued to stare with a look of reverence in his eyes , she became proud , feeling strong and powerful that she could do this to such a strong man .

then he kissed her breasts .

it was just a slight touch , right on the tip .

and ella gasped , closing her eyes and arching her back for more .

she could n't believe it when he covered her breast with his mouth .

well , of course she knew that this happened , but she never , not even in her wildest dreams , could have imagined the sensation that shot through her body when his hot mouth caressed her nipple in such a manner .

it was the oddest , most insane sensation and she grabbed his neck , pressing her breast closer , silently begging him to continue .

when he moved to the next breast , she almost cried until she felt his mouth again and the intensity was even worse .

or better .

she was n't sure .

she could n't be still long enough to figure it out .

his hands moved from her back down to her hips , his fingers quickly tearing the cheap cotton away and baring her entire body to his gaze .

then his strong arms lifted her higher .

when she felt his mouth on her stomach , she shivered , her fingers splaying in his hair .

but when his mouth moved lower , she tried to shift away from him .

she could n't let him do that .

not that !

ella should have known better .

when zayn wanted something , apparently he did n't let anyone hinder his progress .

not even ella .

so when she started to pull back , to shake her head , he only smiled and moved her higher , his strong arms wrapping around her thighs and holding her exactly where he wanted her and his tongue took control of her body .