she writhed in his arms , not sure what was happening , only that she could n't stop screaming .

and when her body splintered apart , a repeat of the previous night but this time , even more intense , even more consuming , she was n't sure where she was any longer .

and when it was finally all over , when he allowed her to come down in his arms , she just about melted against him .

she tried to lift herself up , to put her arms around him and show him how much his efforts meant to her , but she could n't move .

her body was replete and she just smiled against his neck while his hands moved up and down her back and she listened to his rapid heartbeat under her ear .

`` thank you , '' she breathed when she was finally able to speak .

in response , he pulled her back and kissed her .

hard .

his body was n't giving her an inch of space or time to relax any longer .

and the moment he kissed her , every cell in her body came right back to life .

a part of her wanted to push him away , but the bigger part of her , the part that was now in control , sprung back to life , her whole body curling up like a spring , ready for round two .

`` i do n't think i can do this again , '' she mumbled as his mouth nibbled her neck .

`` i think you can , '' he countered and his fingers deftly unbuttoned his shirt .

`` give me your hand , ella , '' he told her .

ella eagerly pressed her hand against his skin , her eyes fascinated as his chest and shoulders were slowly revealed to her avid gaze .

`` you 're beautiful , '' she said as her fingers splayed open , her fingertips touching him everywhere .

`` may i ? ''

she asked but did n't wait for a response as she pulled the rest of his dress shirt out of the waistband of his slacks .

`` please do , '' he replied and inhaled sharply when he felt her slender , tentative fingers slide downwards , tracing the line of hair that disappeared behind his belt .

`` more , '' he told her .

ella completely agreed and she pushed his shirt off of his shoulders , her mouth following the trail of her hands .

but he only allowed her a moment of this pleasant pastime before he shook his head and grabbed her fingers .

`` i ca n't take anymore , '' he told her and shifted their positions .

then froze .

`` what 's wrong ? ''

she asked , worried by the startled expression in his eyes .

`` i do n't have any protection , '' he groaned .

he 'd purposely left the suite without anything because he did n't want this to happen .

`` we ca n't do this . ''

ella shivered , but smiled when she remembered the packets dennis had given her when she 'd first moved into this apartment .

`` yes , '' she sighed happily .

with a swift move , she leaned to the side and reached into the drawer in the side table , pulling out the line of foil packets .

`` dennis gave me these , just in case . ''

zayn almost laughed , but his relief was too intense .

instead , he grabbed the packets , tore one off and lifted ella into his arms , reversing their positions quickly so she was underneath him .

he cursed the tiny sofa but could n't stop himself .

tearing open the packet , he quickly stood up and undressed , unconcerned with where his clothes landed as he stared down at ella looking like a goddess with her hair flying out behind her , a rosy blush to her cheeks and her breasts as she saw a man fully naked for the first time in her life .

at least in real life , he told himself .

with a need he did n't completely understand , he came back to her , pulling her close around him and reveling in how perfectly it felt when she touched him .

when her hand once again followed the path of the dark line , he could n't take it any longer .

he grabbed her hand and held it above her head while his other hand positioned her hips .

with a gentle thrust , he pushed into her , careful to watch her face so he could see if he hurt her .

but there was only bliss on her face and , amazingly , it made his body harder , more desperate to be inside of her .

when he reached her barrier , he looked down at her .

gathering her close , he said , `` i 'm sorry , ella , '' a moment before he pushed through .

there was only a small gasp before she wiggled her hips .

`` do n't ! ''

he told her firmly , trying to be still so she could acclimatize herself to his invasion .

`` why not ? ''

she asked , biting her lip to keep herself from shifting .

if he wanted her to be still , she could do it .

at least for a few more moments .

`` because you 're sore , '' he came back , gritting his teeth against the need to move , to feel that incredible friction of her tight core around him .

she quickly shook her head , `` i 'm not sore at all .

please zayn .

do n't make me be still , '' she cried out , arching her back but keeping her hips as still as possible .