`` i do n't think i can ! ''

she was about to start crying , so desperate to feel him move inside of her .

that horrible ache was back and she did n't like it .

she could n't handle it .

she needed to appease that ache , to do something to get rid of it and her whole body was telling her that moving would help .

zayn looked down at her , at her flushed cheeks and just about climaxed at how perfectly sexy she looked .

her tiny body was straining , trying to do what he wanted but he could tell that she needed exactly what he needed .

to move .

`` ah ... ella , '' he sighed and shifted his hips .

he put one arm under the small of her back and the other arm was braced above her head against the arm of the love seat .

he had no idea where his legs were but he knew that he could n't remain still like this a moment longer .

he slowly pulled almost all the way out of her , then pushed into her hot depths .

over and over again his body moved , shifted , plummeted into her heat and he watched as she came closer and closer .

he knew the instant she was about to fall over the cliff and he would n't let her hold back .

shifting ever so slightly , he moved out of her and then quickly back in , taking her over .

when he felt her whole body climax around him , her cries of pleasure screaming out through the night air , he could n't hold back any longer .

he let himself go , pounding into her over and over again as he too reached that point where thought and feeling were meshed into one , pulsating , incredible orgasm .

ella had no concept of time .

it was only breathing .

one breath after another .

initially fast , erratic and then slower and slower until finally , her breathing was back to normal .

that might have taken minutes or hours , she had no idea .

she felt zayn shift , knew he 'd lifted her into his arms .

with her feet barely on the floor , she felt zayn hold her gently against his side as he tossed the pillows off of her love seat .

a moment later , he lifted her again , placing her in the middle of the tiny bed .

`` i 'm getting you a new apartment with a bigger bed ! ''

was the last thing she heard before he covered her mouth with his .

and the whole process started over again in all its mind-boggling intensity .

chapter 3 ella woke the following morning alone but with a huge smile on her face .

she pulled the sheet closer , stretching her legs and finding that she was sore in places she had n't known existed before the previous night .

she 'd heard zayn leave that morning .

apparently there was some sort of emergency he needed to attend to .

he promised he 'd be back .

she pushed one of the pillows behind her head and sighed with happiness .

zayn was the most incredible lover , she thought with a silly grin on her face .

the sun was bright over the horizon and she glanced at the clock .

then with a gasp , sat up straight .

it was almost noon !

she was supposed to be on duty at the hotel by two this afternoon .

that left her barely any time to get ready .

for a normal person , she supposed that two hours was enough time , but she had the public transportation system to deal with and that made her commute almost an hour and a half during some periods of the day .

she threw the sheet off of her and raced to her tiny bathroom .

she smiled as she washed the stickiness away , remembering the intimacy of the night before .

she could n't believe all the things she and zayn had done and felt herself blushing as she thought of what she 'd done to him the previous night .

or maybe it had been morning already ?

she had no idea , she thought as she jumped out of the shower and dried off .

she pulled on her uniform as quickly as possible , stuffing her makeup bag in her purse and rushing out the door .

she 'd have to do her hair and makeup on the bus and hope there were n't too many potholes .

she arrived at the hotel with five minutes to spare , still smiling despite the oppressive heat and humidity that made a person sweat just by sitting still .

the employee locker rooms were air conditioned , but not nearly as efficiently as the main areas of the hotel so she rushed through her check in process so she could get to the front desk and cool off a few moments before she needed to present herself to the guests .

she was fanning herself just outside the front lobby doorway when her manager , mr. tillsdale , came up behind her .

his nasally voice called to her .

`` ms. conner , please come with me , '' he said .

he did n't wait for her to turn around but disappeared into his office .

ella looked at the front desk area , then towards mr. tillsdale 's office .

with a sigh of resignation , she followed the odious , irritating man into his office .

she was n't nervous because she did n't think she 'd done anything wrong .

but a lecture about something was coming her way .