mr. tillsdale never brought an employee into his office without lecturing about one thing or another .

`` yes , mr .

tillsdale ? ''

she inquired as soon as she was standing in front of his desk .

she tried very hard to appear at least nominally respectful , but since the man was a lazy snob and bullied everyone else to do his job for him , she had trouble appearing in that manner .

he looked as if he were delighted by whatever it was he was going to say .

that look caused ella 's stomach to clench with anxiety .

nothing good could happen if mr. tillsdale was happy .

`` i 'm afraid your services are no longer required .

please turn in your badge and clear out your locker immediately . ''

ella stood there , stunned .

`` excuse me ? ''

she asked , her voice barely above a whisper since she was having problems getting the words past her lips .

`` you violated the hotel 's policy of fraternizing with the guests . ''

she shook her head , her mind reeling until she remembered two days ago when zayn had asked her to sit down and have coffee with him .

`` i 'm sorry sir , i told zayn ... i mean , mr. sarkis that i could n't sit with him .

he insisted but i politely excused myself .

i might have been sitting on the sofa for perhaps thirty seconds .

i certainly did not fraternize with him . ''

mr. tillsdale puffed himself up higher , his face turning an odd shade of red .

`` you will address him in an appropriate manner , or not at all .

and i was not aware of that particular infraction , ms .

conner . ''

he took a deep breath and turned a picture around on his desk .

ella looked down and saw her face .

the picture had been taken last night and showed her smiling up into zayn 's handsome face .

she must have said something amusing because he was almost laughing down at her .

`` i can explain , '' she said , the panic welling up inside of her .

this was n't a thirty second conversation during one of her room checks .

this was an obvious violation .

the manager shook his head and raised his hands , palms out .

`` i do n't believe that explanations are in order , ms. conner .

please do n't make a scene .

the rules were explained to you in great detail and the consequences as well .

you were told at the beginning of your employment here that rudeness and fraternization would not be tolerated .

both are considered grounds for immediate termination . ''

ella knew this .

it had been drilled into all the employees from the very first day of employment .

theft was also one of the top three but fraternization was one that did n't need to be proven by law enforcement .

and the picture was pretty damming , she knew .

she was in the man 's arms !

there was n't really any way to argue that she was n't fraternizing when even the picture looked like they were about to do something more than just stand there in each other 's arms .

`` yes , mr. tillsdale , '' she said softly .

turning around , she fought the tears that were welling up in her eyes .

it was hard but she finally made it to the employee locker room .

she was grateful that most of the people who were about to go on their shift had already left while the people who were coming off at two o'clock had n't yet made it down here .

she grabbed her purse and stuffed all of the contents of her locker into the bag , uncaring if the items were stuffed willy-nilly .

her priority was to get out of there as quickly as possible , to avoid the humiliation of her friends and co-workers knowing what she 'd done .

she reached the bus stop but had to wait more than twenty minutes before the next bus came .

in rush hour , the buses came more often but in the middle of the afternoon , they were few and far between .

when it finally arrived , ella was hot and miserable not to mention unable to stop the tears from falling down her cheeks .

she did n't know what she was going to do .

her rent was due and she had what she needed for the next few weeks , but jobs were extremely difficult to come by .

besides , she 'd had to lie to get that one .

who was going to hire her now ?

she did n't have a reference , she was only eighteen years old and she had done something horrible .

two hours later , she was climbing the stairs to her apartment , her heart breaking and fear clogging her throat as she tried to figure out what she was going to do to pay her rent next month .

she had to find a job .

fast !

just as she was unlocking her door , the building manager came out of her downstairs apartment , curlers in her hair and a flowered house-coat covering whatever might be underneath .

she even wore slippers that , at one point might have been fluffy but now , ella could n't even determine their original color .

`` missy ! ''

she called out , her elderly voice obviously furious about something .

since ella had n't done anything to ms. z , she was n't sure why the woman would be so angry .

`` yes ? ''

she asked , sniffing in the tears and trying to appear composed even though she suspected that she looked a mess .