`` you know the rules .

three noise complaints and you 're out !

gone !

i 'll expect you to pack up your things and find a new place to live before the end of the month since we received three complaints all last night ! ''

the lady huffed and puffed , her disgust for ella 's activities apparent .

`` i have no idea what you and that man were doing in your apartment that caused so much commotion , but it will not happen again .

this is a respectable establishment .

i do n't allow prostitution under any circumstances ! ''

ella gasped .

`` i am not a prostitute ! ''

ms. z waved her knobby finger in ella 's direction .

`` do n't even try it !

i saw the limousine parked out front last night .

it was there for hours !

with all the money you made servicing that guy , you can damn well find a different place to live ! ''

ms. z turned around and waddled back into her apartment , mumbling under her breath , `` knew the girl was no good right from the start ! ''

before she closed the door on ella 's horrified expression .

ella had no idea how long she stood on that stairwell .

but the next thing she knew , dorothy was helping her up off the stoop , helping her into her apartment and tut-tutting around the small space .

ella just sat at her tiny kitchen table while dorothy heated up a bowl of soup and put out some crackers .

`` do n't let them get to you , ella , '' dorothy said with heat .

`` tell me what happened . ''

through unrelenting tears and numb lips , ella related her entire day , starting with being fired and ending with being evicted .

dorothy shook her head and clasped her hands in hers .

`` okay , so you 'll move in with me and we 'll work something out , '' she said softly .

dorothy reached over and clasped ella 's hand .

`` we 'll get through this , okay ? ''

ella bowed her head in shame .

she could n't say anything more , just hoping and praying that dorothy was right .

the next month was a whirl of crazy activity .

somehow , ella found herself moved in with dorothy .

she slept in the woman 's basement and watched the kids in the afternoon so dorothy 's husband could get extra shifts in the evening .

that gave them all some much needed cash .

ella continued to work at dennis ' place and laughed at how horrified ms. z was when she was n't allowed in any of the stores along the street any longer .

the mean , nosy woman had to walk three blocks , just to get groceries .

dennis had spread the word about what the old woman had done to ella and all of the neighborhood stores were up in arms .

ella had helped out too many of the store owners while ms. z was one of those mean spirited women that no one liked .

apparently , all the other store owners were just looking for an excuse to ban the horrible woman from their premises and ella 's eviction was a good enough reason for most of them .

the real problem came though when ella sat down one saturday and looked at the calendar .

she 'd finished her semester at school and dorothy had convinced her not to look for another job .

since not working so many hours enabled ella to study more at school , she eagerly accepted the role of nanny for dorothy 's family , not even minding the cramped space in their basement .

it was actually bigger than her old apartment .

no , the problem was n't the lack of space .

or even the non-existent privacy .

it was that she was now three weeks late .

and ella was never , ever late .

chapter 4 zayn ran his hands through his hair in frustration .

`` what the hell do you mean , you ca n't find her ?

she worked at the front desk of the hotel we stayed in .

she was one of the most visible women in the hotel ! ''

zayn 's chief of security shook his head .

`` i 'm sorry , your highness .

ms. conner was terminated from the hotel 's employment the day we returned from washington , d.c. '' zayn 's chest constricted at that news .

he 'd been looking for ella for weeks now and no one had been able to find her anywhere .

`` so she 's working somewhere else !

she has to be .

she 's going to school , she 's an independent woman , she 'd never just go off and leave her responsibilities .

she had rent to pay , school fees to pay . ''

the chief looked down at his shoes , worried about passing along the next piece of information .

`` apparently , she was evicted the same day , your highness . ''

and then the man cringed .

in the past , men had lost their heads over news like this .

that was n't just a euphemism .

literally , their heads rolled onto the marble floor .

zayn took a deep breath , trying to control the worry that was threatening .

his ella was out there , hurt and scared .

he had to find her !

it was all his fault and he had to fix this not to mention he wanted her back in his arms .

`` then track her whereabouts through her employment records .

she has to be working somewhere . ''