the man shifted uncomfortably .

`` we 've already called in favors with our contacts at the internal revenue service .

if she 's working somewhere , it is off the books .

there is no official record of her anywhere .

there are no rental applications that have been submitted either , although we 're continuing to interview people she might have worked with to find her whereabouts . ''

zayn ran a hand through his hair in frustration , trying to give his chief of security something else that would help find ella .

`` there was a man across the street from her .

a bar owner or something .

the man looked out for ella .

he 'd know where she was .

i 'm sure of it .

just talk to him . ''

zayn was starting to worry .

had something happened to her ?

he 'd left her in the morning but by that evening , she 'd simply disappeared .

her landlady had been no help and now he knew why .

her employer had simply stated that she was no longer employed although he had no clue why they had terminated her services .

`` do you know why she was fired and evicted ? ''

again , the chief shuffled his feet , worried about the answer to his ruler 's question .

`` well , there seems to have been pictures . ''

zayn swallowed painfully .

`` pictures ? ''

he repeated , his mind going through all that he and ella had shared .

if someone had taken pictures of his ella that were in any way hurtful , he would hound that person until they were wiped out .

`` what kind of pictures ? ''

`` that second night .

when you and ms. conner were walking in the park , one of the paparazzi caught the two of you and snapped some photos .

our team found him quickly and removed the pictures so they never hit the tabloid circuit , but they found their way to the hotel manager somehow .

he used those pictures as justification for terminating her employment . ''

zayn was dumbfounded .

`` why would they care about a picture of me and ella in the park ? ''

he demanded , his anger rising as he started to realize that he was the cause of ella 's termination .

he hated the idea of hurting her , even inadvertently , but he had to hear all of it .

the chief took a deep breath before continuing .

`` there is a strict policy at that particular hotel , and many of the other high end hotels , to not allow any sort of fraternization with the hotel guests . ''

zayn felt like he wanted to punch someone .

`` and ? ''

he asked , his hands on his hips as he braced for the rest of it .

`` well , she was also evicted because of the noise created by ... . '' the chief agonized over how to explain this debacle without being too obvious .

in the end , there was no way around it .

`` noise , your highness , '' he finally finished , his face turning red with embarrassment .

zayn was dumbfounded .

`` noise ?

ella is never noisy .

she 's quiet as a mouse ! ''

and then zayn remembered their one night together .

she had n't been mousy in any way that night .

just thinking about her responses made his body harden with need .

`` it was because of ... '' `` yes , your highness , '' the chief said , trying to contain his own reddened cheeks .

zayn sighed , his shoulders showing his defeat .

`` i understand , '' he said , furious with himself for doing this to ella .

of all the people he could have hurt , ella did n't deserve it .

it did n't matter that he had n't realized what he was doing .

the result was the same .

regrouping quickly , he looked down at his security chief .

`` so how are you going to find her ? ''

he demanded , trying to rein in his fury and desperation .

he had to find her quickly , to help her out and fix what he 'd done to her .

he could n't let her go on like this .

she was young , unemployed and homeless according to his chief .

`` we 're running into road blocks , '' the man was saying .

`` everyone we talk to from her neighborhood acknowledges that they know ms. conner , but they wo n't say anything else about her .

no one will give up her whereabouts even when we try and assure them that we 're not going to harm her .

it 's confounding sir .

i 've never known an entire neighborhood that would protect someone so completely . ''

zayn almost laughed at the other man 's frustration .

and it eased his frustration somewhat that ella was at least being taken care of by her neighbors .

it should be him though .

he could take care of her better than all of them .

he just needed to convince them of that , reassure them that he only wanted to overwhelm her with luxuries and never hurt her again .

`` do what you need to .

let me know what you need , '' he explained as he stared out the window of his office .

the view in front of him was astounding , but he was n't seeing the mountains in the distance , or the beautiful , well-laid out city beneath him .

all he saw was ella 's smiling face , her shining eyes and her sweet laughter .