`` consider this state business , but all expenses come out of my personal account . ''

he made a snap decision and turned his back on the view as he faced his chief of security .

`` we 've lost my future wife , '' he said , letting his security head understand the dire situation .

`` you should treat this as if she were my wife . ''

the man 's eyes widened and his shoulders straightened .

the message was loud and clear .

find ella cooper so their ruler can marry her .

and he would only marry this one woman , so the search needed to be intensified .

chapter 5 six years later ella sighed and pushed her dark brown hair out of her eyes , glancing at her watch to see how much longer until she was finished for the day .

there was still a long line of guests ready to check in for the night so she might be late again .

she certainly hoped not .

she did n't want to be late to pick up max .

she laughed silently at the memory of his adorable smile this morning .

he 'd been singing a song , one of those ear-worm songs that got into one 's head and would n't leave for the whole day .

he 'd been humming it during breakfast and she 'd told him to stop .

several times she 'd admonished him , but he 'd just stop , wait until she was turned around , distracted in getting ready for work , and would start again .

he sang just low enough that she could hear it , but it was n't something that was an immediate part of her consciousness .

when she realized what he was doing , she spun around and ordered him to stop once again .

by the time he 'd done it three times , she 'd given up , lifted him out of his breakfast chair and tickled him on the sofa until he was gasping for breath because of his giggles .

the little guy had gotten in the last word though .

she was hugging him one last time after dropping him off at first grade when he 'd called up to her with his arms still wrapped around her waist .

she knew he was up to something when she saw that grin .

he was such a handsome little devil .

and so smart it scared her sometimes .

but that grin was always the precursor to something that he 'd thought up in his creative , mercurial little mind .

she stiffened , waiting patiently for a split second .

then groaned when he started singing , `` and bingo was his name-oh ! ''

the little tike knew that he was in trouble so he raced into his classroom and surrounded himself with his classmates , giggling to himself as he shoved his books into his desk .

ella glared at him for maybe two seconds before she burst into laughter .

the problem with disciplining a guy as sweet and cute as max was that she had to be stern .

but he was so smart and ingenious , it was very hard to be stern with him .

besides , she just loved spending time with him and every moment seemed like a precious gift .

her manager stopped behind her , touching her shoulder .

`` you 're doing great , '' james said , snapping her out of her thoughts .

james was her manager , but also her boyfriend .

they 'd been dating now for six months and she really liked him .

he was a very kind man and she knew that he would be a good father for max .

she 'd been very protective of max over the years .

she did n't date often and she 'd vowed never introduced her son to the men in her life .

it was n't a big problem since she was generally too tired most days to date .

but she was thinking that james might be different .

even james had been pestering her to meet max but was this relationship really what she wanted ?

she did n't have much to compare it to .

only two , frantic , passion filled nights six years ago with max 's father and then a few insignificant kisses with men over the years .

was she asking for too much with james ?

she did n't want the passion that she 'd shared with zayn .

that had been a monumental mess to dig herself out of .

she 'd gotten max , who was wonderful , but it had been a desperately hard struggle over the years to keep a roof over their heads and food on the table .

so passion was definitely out .

not that she 'd experienced even a fraction of that passion with anyone else she 'd dated over the years , but she was n't looking for that .

companionship ?

was that enough ?

she definitely had that with james .

he was good company , they laughed together when they went out to lunch , he respected her relationship with max and her need to keep him safe from random men that probably would n't stay in her life .

when there was a break between guests , james walked behind her , pretending to work next to her as he said , `` think you could meet me for lunch today ? ''

he asked softly .

ella smiled slightly .

`` sure .

i do n't have any plans . ''

`` great , '' he replied and moved off towards his office .

she watched him walk away then cursed herself when her mind compared his slender frame to another man 's tall , muscular physique .