she hated that she found james lacking .

he was a good , solid friend and a kind gentleman .

why could n't she just fall in love with him ?

she knew that he would propose if she gave him even the slightest indication that she was interested .

why was she holding back ?

she shook her head as she welcomed the next guest , helping the couple through the check-in process as quickly as possible .

she had to thank max for getting her through the rest of the afternoon .

his adorable smile and mischievous ways helped her smile through the day .

just thinking about him made her want to laugh or chuckle .

zayn cursed as he walked through the hotel .

every time he came to this city , he ordered his staff to look for her , find some clue as to where she might have gone .

zayn was determined each time to finally find ella .

over and over throughout the years , he 'd thought about her , wondered where she was , what had happened to her .

and he 'd prayed that she was okay .

that she had n't fallen into bad times and been killed , raped or forced into an occupation that would demoralize her .

he 'd had an emergency that night so he had n't been able to stay and kiss her good morning .

by the time the emergency had been resolved , he 'd sent one of his men to find her but she 'd already been gone from both her job and her apartment with no clue as to her whereabouts .

he sighed and walked through the hotel towards his next meeting .

he had things to do and he should n't spend time fruitlessly searching for a doe-eyed beauty with lush curves and a smile that could light up the room .

there were plenty of women out there , he told himself , echoing the words of his advisors who were constantly urging him to find a woman to marry .

it had been six years since he 'd seen ella , it was time to move on .

unfortunately each time he 'd tried to picture another woman as his wife , the picture of ella 's green eyed beauty came to his mind and the woman on his arm simply left him cold .

chapter 6 zayn looked to the right , seeing the brunette out of the corner of his eye .

so many times over the past six years he 'd turned his head , hoping to see ella but it had always been another woman .

he was tired of looking for her now , wanting to see her , desperate to find her but frustrated with the fruitless efforts to date .

but when he turned , his eyes focused and he almost punched the wall beside him , unknowing that it was actually one of his aides .

he restrained himself , but just barely .

because the woman he was looking at was smiling up at a man in a dark suit , her eyes blatantly flirting with the older man and laughing at whatever he was telling her .

the fury that pounded through him was all-consuming and heated his blood .

the only other feeling he could say was similar was the first time he 'd kissed her .

and anytime he 'd touched her or she 'd touched him .

of course , he had n't wanted to punch her but the explosion of feelings had been the same .

damn her !

he 'd been trying to get her out of his mind for six , long years and here she was , looking more beautiful now than he remembered possible .

she was obviously older but the years had been more than kind .

she looked ... .perfect , he thought with a surge of lust so strong it almost resembled the jealousy he 'd just experienced .

he turned , heading down the same hallway she 'd gone down a moment before , unconcerned about his security detail trying to figure out what was going on .

he did n't care about the meeting he was supposed to attend , or the mission for his current trip , or even the frantic whispers of his security guards as they tried to anticipate where he would go next or why he was even deviating from their set path .

his eyes were on ella .

on getting to her before she disappeared again .

when she started to push open a steel door , he grabbed her by the waist and hauled her into a nearby corridor , only vaguely aware that it was empty .

`` what the ... '' ella gasped , her hands grabbing onto the steel band that had wrapped around her waist .

she was just about to scream when she realized who was holding her .

`` zayn ? ''

she gasped out loud .

zayn did n't even bother to answer her .

there was a brief moment of recognition followed by a thrill , but he did n't stop and wait for any other emotion to cross her beautiful face .

he pulled her up , pressing her back against the wall while his body pressed against her , pulling her closer , his mouth covering hers and absorbing whatever she 'd been about to say .

he did n't want to hear her words of explanation for the other man .

he did n't even want to know where she 'd been all these years .

well , yes , he would demand an answer to that soon .

right now , all he wanted was this .

as he kissed her , she initially resisted .

but he 'd had one full , incredible night with her and he shifted slightly , his hands moving to her back , holding her hips just so and with that one touch , that one shift of his body , she melted against him .