and gone were his hopes that he 'd been imagining her response .

gone was the possibility that their one night together had been a fluke .

more importantly , gone was the possibility that he would ever let her out of his protection again until he had her out of his system .

he 'd lost her once and she 'd haunted his dreams , feeding his need and making all other women pale in comparison .

feeling her soft lips opening to him , her hands in his hair and her tongue mating with his , driving him wild with need , he knew that he would have this woman .

tonight !

he pulled back slightly , noticing that both of them were breathing heavily but he did n't care .

his hands were under her silk shirt and he was feeling her softness , feeling her whole body vibrate against his .

`` come with me , '' he growled .

he lowered her to the floor , keeping his hands on her waist until he knew she was steady .

but the moment her eyes cleared of the sexual fog , he grabbed her hand and pulled her along down the corridor once more , heading to the penthouse suite where he would pull her into his bedroom and keep her naked until neither one of them could speak any longer .

ella realized she was already halfway down the employee hallway , her hand in zayn 's and he was pulling her in the wrong direction .

why was he pulling her anywhere ?

why was she letting him even touch her ?

she yanked her hand out of his , pulling back and taking several steps out of his reach .

she looked around and noticed the other men , all of them big and bulky and her fear almost choked her .

`` i 'll scream , '' she whispered .

`` what 's going on here ? ''

she demanded , trying to get her back against the wall so that she was n't feeling surrounded .

zayn realized that she was nervous of his security detail and nodded to the captain , silently indicating that they should pull away .

when they were alone once again , the guards looking out into the hallway at strategic points , he moved in closer to her , almost laughing when she put a hand up to stop him .

he took that defensive hand and held it against his chest , moving it against his body and enjoying the way her eyes almost closed with the bliss of their touch .

`` do n't do that , '' she gasped , suddenly wanting to pull her hand away , but his grip was strong .

and her fingers were finally touching his muscular chest , feeling the heat and reveling in it .

`` get away from me . ''

`` you do n't really mean that , '' he said and pulled her hand lower , wrapping her arm around his waist .

he leaned one hand against the wall , one large hand plastered over her head while he bent down low , breathing in her soft , feminine scent .

`` you want me to carry you off to my room just as badly as i need to do that too . ''

`` no ! ''

she gasped but could n't stop the need that sparked through her entire being .

she shook her head , gritting her teeth against the temptation , refusing to give in to it .

`` leave me alone .

you 've been gone for more than six years .

i do n't need you anymore . ''

`` yes .

you do , '' he countered softly .

`` we both need each other and that kiss just proved it to both of us . ''

she shook her head frantically , her mind remembering how quickly their touch could degenerate into a lust so intense that she 'd made love to this man on a love seat !

`` that kiss was n't anything . ''

he smiled subtly , eager to take on her challenge and prove her wrong .

`` do i need to prove it again ? ''

`` no ! ''

she cringed .

she had to think quickly , come up with some excuse so he would n't think she was easy .

she 'd slept with him on their second date two years ago and the results had almost been disastrous .

`` i thought you were someone else a few minutes ago .

i thought it was james kissing me which is why i reacted so strongly . ''

she lifted her head , daring him to challenge her lie .

`` i thought you were my boyfriend .

we 're getting married and i thought he 'd just ... '' `` you 're lying , '' he growled , coming in closer .

the idea of another man touching his ella , the woman he 'd been trying to find for the past six years , infuriated him .

`` you knew exactly who was holding you , who was kissing you .

do n't you dare deny it or i 'll prove it once again . ''

when he started to do just that , and her body actually leaned forward to anticipate his kiss , she braced herself and forced her mind to intervene despite her body 's desperate need to feel his kiss once more .

`` stop ! ''

she begged , closing her eyes and leaning her head against the wall .

she needed space and wisdom , two things that were in short supply right at the moment .

zayn shifted once again , his body just close enough to make her gasp in surprise .

and need .