`` are you going to lie to me again ? ''

she licked her lips , trying to figure out how to get out of this mess .

she could n't let herself fall into his arms again .

he 'd disappeared on her twice , neither time with any word or any explanation .

the first time , she 'd gone about her business , learned to stand up for herself .

the second time had been harder .

she 'd had so much more to deal with the second time he 'd disappeared and she could n't go through that again .

she could n't put max through it either .

she owed her little son so much more than just falling into bed with this man .

with as much willpower as she could muster , she jerked away .

`` leave me alone ! ''

she snapped and jerked out of his arms .

she stepped away from him , trying to control her breathing as she looked around .

`` why are you here ? '

she demanded , smoothing down her hair and her blouse , tucking it back into the waistband of her slacks .

she looked up at him , then down at his immaculate suit , obviously tailor-made to fit his enormous frame .

`` i have meetings here in washington . ''

she blinked and tried to take a deep breath , but with him standing so close , it was hard .

she fisted her hands at her side , determined to keep from touching him .

she would not , absolutely would not fall into bed with him again .

`` why are n't you at the other hotel ?

the one you stayed in the last time ? ''

she 'd been working here for a year now and she did n't like him coming even close to her personal or professional life .

the last time he 'd come into her life , she 'd lost her job , her home , such as it was , and had found herself pregnant .

she would n't trade max for anything , but zayn had disappeared at a time when she was vulnerable and scared , when she 'd desperately needed him .

she did n't know where he 'd gone or even how to contact him to give him the news about his son .

zayn was no longer allowed in her life .

he moved closer , shoving his hands into his pockets as he looked down at her , holding her in place without touching her even though he wanted to skim his fingertips over her cheek , smooth out her hair and ... `` is that why you left that hotel ? ''

he asked softly .

`` so we would n't run into each other again ? ''

had his team gotten it wrong about the pictures and her being fired for fraternization ?

it seemed much more likely that ella had gone somewhere to protect herself from him .

she inhaled sharply .

`` are you kidding me ?

i always thought you were such a nice man , so kind and considerate . ''

she glared at him as she thought about all he 'd put her through the last time .

how dare he stand there like that and say such a thing !

`` and now ? ''

she pulled her eyes away from him and suddenly realized what he 'd done to her appearance .

her silk shirt was pulled out from the waistband of her skirt and her jacket was askew .

she suspected that it was pretty obvious what he 'd just done to her .

she quickly buttoned her jacket , truly ashamed that she 'd let him make her look so disheveled .

`` and now , i think you 're a horrible human being who thinks only of his own pleasures , never even considering the chaos you might leave behind . ''

she closed her eyes and took a long , deep breath .

`` now , if you 'll excuse me , i have things to do and some place to be .

i do n't ever want to see you again , '' she said stiffly .

she turned around and walked back through the door she 'd been trying to get through before .

zayn watched her leave , admiring her spunk but never even considering the idea that he would let her get away again .

before she turned the corner in the employee area , he signaled to one of his guards , silently indicating that he should follow her .

`` do n't lose her , '' he commanded dangerously , the threat obvious .

he turned around and looked for ali , the head of his security detail .

`` find out anything you can on her .

where she lives , how long she 's been working here .

i ca n't believe your team did n't turn up her employment here , '' he snapped and walked back down the hallway .

he was angrier than he 'd ever been in his life except for the one day when he was eighteen years old and he 'd been ripped out of his previous life and dumped into his new one .

he 'd hated his father for so long .

first for abandoning his mother and leaving her to the cruel world , and secondly for coming back for him right when he was starting to really learn how to make it alone in the world .

he 'd been so furious about his father 's command that he learn to rule tusain that he had n't spoken to anyone for two weeks .

it had taken him that long to finally get in touch with angelo and dominic .

if it were n't for the two of them , he might still be fighting the fate that had killed his two older , unknown half-brothers and made him heir to the throne .