he had n't wanted it then and now , watching the woman he 'd been dreaming about for six years walk away from him , he once again resented the responsibilities that had been put on his shoulders .

he had to take a deep breath and remember the people of tusain .

they deserved better than this .

his adopted country had been through a lot and he 'd worked hard over the past sixteen years to get it back to health .

he would n't let them down .

but nor would he allow ella to walk out of his life .

he remembered the passion they had shared and it had never been matched , not even close , by any woman since .

his advisors were more than a little anxious , arguing with him almost constantly now to find a wife , to provide tusain with an heir .

he 'd simply ignored their pleas , still determined to find ella .

with a sigh , he walked back to the lobby and turned to the right , walking directly into the meeting that was already underway .

he took his seat at the head table , ignoring the curious glances of the other heads of state as he pretended to focus on the debate going on around him .

at this moment , he could n't care less about the debate .

he was more interested in figuring out ella 's last words .

now that she was n't in his sight distracting him , he wondered what chaos he might have left behind .

had something happened after he 'd left ?

was there more to the story ?

he remembered that she 'd been fired about a picture of the two of them but he did n't know the details of that termination .

and she 'd also been evicted .

he 'd worried about her , anxious that she was homeless and unemployed .

but she looked fabulous !

even better than before .

he 'd often wondered over the years if his memory had given him an altered picture of just how lovely she was but in reality , his memory had done the exact opposite .

she was even more alluring than he remembered .

and even better , had she actually been looking for him ?

perhaps he was n't the only one who had been resentful of the quick departure he 'd had to make the last time they 'd been together .

his attention was drawn back to the speaker , to the announcement of his name and the initiative his country was sponsoring .

amid the applause and the standing ovation , zayn heard the clanging in the background .

it sounded like an enormous pile of pots had just been dropped in the kitchen followed by an entire tray of glasses .

he was n't sure , but he thought he heard an outraged , `` are you kidding me ! ''

sprinkled in among the noise as well .

he focused most of his attention on the crowd , on the speech that was even now moving along the teleprompters but a part of his mind was focusing on the doors to the left where the kitchen staff entered and exited the elegant ballroom filled with the leaders of the world .

that 's where the noise had originated and he even saw several of his security guards along with a few more secret service agents hurry in that direction as well .

he almost smiled when he acknowledged that the chaos was probably cause by none other than his little ella .

he finished his speech , ending it with a bow to acknowledge the enthusiastic applause as well as another standing ovation .

he had to stay and listen to the various world leaders as they approached but he nodded to his aide , letting him know that the questions and answers had to end quickly .

there was a dinner scheduled for the evening and he needed to attend , but after that , he was free to pursue the little woman who probably had just discovered who he was .

he shook hands , debated mildly with some of the attendees and went through all the motions .

but by the time the dinner was finished , he was more than ready to get out of there and find his ella .

with a look from his chief of security , he knew that everything was in place .

as he walked down the back hallways , he focused all of his energy on coming up with what he was going to do to ella as soon as she was in his arms again .

the thought of spanking the dear woman for putting him through six years of waiting occurred to him .

but then he dismissed the idea .

he wanted her too painfully and he did n't want to start off this time with anger .

he did n't want to start their new life together with angry or resentful words .

he just wanted her in his arms again .

of course , he felt her deep down inside of him .

so deep he had n't been able to pry her smile and those vivacious green eyes out of his mind .

this time would be different from their last encounter .

he 'd get to her this time and he would n't let her out of bed until they 'd both found the relief that they 'd obviously been craving .

he knew she felt it too .

she might be dating that dough boy manager but there was no way she felt anything close to what she felt for him .

that one kiss in the hallway proved it beyond doubt .

he determined that he would use every bit of his expertise to get her back into his bed , back into his life .