chapter 7 ella paced back and forth , her anger taking over now that she was alone .

her apartment was n't big enough for her fury though .

the cramped space made it hard for her to really work up a good pacing path .

`` sheik ! ''

she hissed , trying to keep quiet because max had finally fallen asleep .

`` how dare he ! ''

she punched the throw pillow she 'd been clenching in her arms .

`` what an absolute jerk !

and to think , i 'd felt bad for him , assuming he 'd just gone to jail for some petty crime he 'd committed all those years ago .

when in reality , he was whipping up a good time with all of his lusty harem women in tusain ! ''

she could n't believe how stupid she 'd been !

how gullible !

she 'd been such an idiot !

she heard max sigh in his sleep .

she peeked in on him , looking down at the single bed in the only bedroom .

some of her temper suddenly dissipated as her heart filled with love for this little man .

he was only five years old , but he was precious and had made her life fuller than she 'd ever thought possible .

closing his door , she took the three steps back to her worn out sofa and slumped down onto the cushions .

looking around , she wished she could do better for max .

her own mother had been a single mother , barely scraping by each month .

she 'd worked hard jobs that had exhausted her by the end of each day .

but she always had a smile on her face , never complaining about their situation .

her mother had wanted a different life for ella and had worked so hard to push ella to get a better education , to learn everything she could so ella would n't have to deal with the low-wage jobs and abusive bosses like she 'd endured .

life was n't so bad , ella thought with a small smile .

she and max did n't live in a horrible section of the city .

they had a decent apartment , although it was small .

they had air conditioning in the summer which had been non-existent when ella had been growing up .

and they had plenty of heat in the winter .

they had a strong circle of friends who helped everyone out and things were n't too tough .

so what if she was in the same position her mother had been in !

things would be different for max .

first of all , she almost had her degree .

it had taken her lots of nights and lost precious sleep , but she 'd gotten through it and might even graduate with honors .

she had half a semester to go and she 'd have that degree .

after that , she 'd get a promotion at the hotel with that degree , she hoped .

that would mean more money and more freedom for her and max .

she 'd already started putting money away for his own college education .

she vowed that he would n't be in the same position she currently was in , trying to finish school and scrape enough money together for tuition .

it was n't much , but by the time he was actually ready to go to college she 'd have ... .okay so she 'd have one semester 's tuition paid for him at this rate .

but at least it was something !

stuffing the throw pillow under her chin , she looked around the neat , tidy little apartment .

it was better than what she 'd lived in growing up and the neighborhood was n't nearly as bad .

it was actually a very quaint neighborhood with lots of friends who looked out for max as well as herself .

and she looked out for them too .

it was a community !

the knock on the door startled her and she looked at the clock .

who in the world would be knocking at ten o'clock at night ?

surely not one of her neighbors .

they all knew she woke up about five o'clock in the morning , they would n't disturb her for anything less than an emergency .

with that thought in mind , she jumped up , racing to the door .

she did n't even bother to look through the security hole before she flung the door open .

she stood there , staring at the extremely large figure standing in the doorway , her mind not believing what her mind was telling her .

it was impossible , she told herself .

`` you ! ''

she snapped when her mind finally realized that zayn himself was standing there , looking down at her with both curiosity and amusement .

`` and it 's also you , '' he replied , his whole body relaxed now that she was here , in front of him and safe .

`` good evening , ella .

it 's been a long time . ''

when she tried to slam the door in his face , he simply put his palm to the door and pressed it back open , stepping into her apartment before closing the door behind him .

`` so this is where you live ? ''

he asked , his eyes taking in the tiny space she called home .

there was a bookcase along one wall and a sofa , but other than that , there was n't much other furniture besides an old chest that was used as a coffee table .

`` it 's very cozy . ''

`` thank you .

now get out , '' she snapped .