her eyes glanced to the only other door in the apartment , not wanting him to discover max 's existence .

instinctively , she knew she had to keep max a secret .

she had no idea where zayn had been all these years , but her discovery this afternoon that he was a powerful ruler seemed to terrify her .

she did n't know what kind of power he held , but she definitely did n't want to test it .

zayn looked down at her , saw the vulnerability there in her eyes and knew she was worried about something .

`` i 'm sorry you had to find out about who i am the way you did tonight .

i was going to tell you . ''

she did n't believe him .

he 'd had plenty of opportunity to explain his role six years ago and he 'd preferred to let her think he was a lowly employee .

not the head honcho of the whole , darn country !

`` when ?

tomorrow morning when i woke up and you were n't there again ?

maybe you could leave a note on my pillow ?

'ella - i was n't really in prison but thank you for worrying about me for ten years .

i have to disappear now to run a country .

see ya soon ! ' . ''

she pulled back , taking a deep breath and trying to regain control of her temper again .

she turned away from him , shaking her head to try and release the anger , resentment and hurt she was feeling .

`` do n't worry zayn .

i do n't want anything from you .

i wo n't ask you for any money .

just leave me alone .

you did n't want me to know who you were or why you disappeared sixteen years ago and you did n't want me to understand six years ago .

i get it .

i 'm just ... '' he swung her about , holding her firmly by her upper arms as he pulled her against him , furious that she would belittle their one night together .

`` i did n't mean to abandon you that morning .

i was going to come back for you . ''

she tried to jerk her arms free but he would n't release her .

`` when ?

when i was a grandmother ? ''

she asked sarcastically .

but then she realized what she 'd just said and shuttered her eyes .

`` just get out of here , '' she told him with her voice lower .

max was a heavy sleeper , but their arguing could wake him up if they got too loud .

`` i tried to find you , '' he argued .

`` my entire security team looked for you .

but you disappeared yourself .

you were nowhere to be found . ''

he relaxed his hold on her but would n't let her go .

`` what happened , ella ?

were you angry with me when you woke up and found me gone ? ''

he did n't wait for her to respond .

his long finger trailed down her cheek as he said , `` i 'm sorry if i hurt your feelings .

there was a lot going on at that time . ''

she almost fell under his spell .

his touch was starting to get to her but she shook her head and pulled back .

`` i do n't care .

and where i was is none of your business .

just like you did n't think it was important to tell me where you were .

we were both adults , free to come and go as we wished . ''

she smothered the pain that welled up at the memory of how scared she 'd been that day .

she 'd woken up feeling so happy , so excited to see him again .

but she 'd gone to sleep that night terrified of how she was going to survive .

it had been a horrible twenty-four hours and she 'd desperately wanted a strong shoulder to cry on .

but he 'd disappeared .

again !

zayn smiled gently .

`` of course it 's my business .

especially if you 're angry with me for not getting in touch with you . ''

she closed her eyes and tried to push all her anger away .

it was n't productive and she had to get him out of here .

she had to protect max .

nothing mattered but max now .

`` i 'm not angry , zayn , '' she lied .

she was hurt and angry and furious with him , and she felt like the biggest fool in history .

`` it 's my fault , probably .

i should take the time to listen to the news .

you 're probably on the news all the time so if i had gotten my head out of the sand , i would n't have been surprised today and i would n't have known who you really were six years ago . ''

she did n't mention that her whole life back then had been about making enough money to pay for her medical bills and her tuition so she 'd barely had time to sleep much less watch television .

good grief , she had n't even been able to afford a television back then .

and even if she had , she would n't have wasted precious pennies on the electricity to run the darn thing .

he straightened up , flexing his shoulders to release some of the tension .

he 'd been up for over twenty hours now .

this conference did n't slow down state business .

he could delegate a great deal of responsibility , but many of the decisions had to come from him .