`` i 'll speak with my security chief tomorrow , to find out why he did n't find you sooner .

where had you gone ? ''

she felt almost sick with the terror of him finding out about max .

she stepped backwards but unfortunately , there was n't much room and her back was now against the wall .

she could n't tell him that she 'd gone away to give birth to his son .

what would he do with that piece of information ?

then a thought occurred to her .

did she really have the right to keep max from him ?

she loved that little boy so much but maybe max needed a father in his life ?

his own father and not james who was a good man , but was n't his actual father .

she was n't sure .

this was a new thought , one she 'd never considered before .

when zayn had left six years ago , she 'd been hurt and angry and terrified of what was to come .

she 'd never thought about telling him about max since she 'd had no idea how to get in touch with him .

this was a new concept , so she had to consider all the angles and ramifications of this issue .

but right now , she needed to get him out of her apartment .

she needed time and space to consider this new twist on her life and she could n't think clearly with him so close .

taking a deep breath , she pushed away from him and walked over to the small breakfast bar that separated her galley kitchen from the den area of her apartment .

`` zayn , let 's just leave it at both of us messing up , okay ? ''

zayn thought about that for a long moment , but something inside of him told him not to let it go .

she was hiding something he suddenly realized .

he thought he should be furious about that , but since he was n't going to lose her this time , he was n't going to let her push him away .

`` why do n't you come closer and let 's talk about it ? ''

he suggested .

he started to move towards her but the terrified look in her eyes stopped him .

`` what 's wrong , ella ?

why are you so afraid of me now ? ''

she swallowed painfully .

shaking her head , she glanced down at the floor , unable to look him in the eyes now that she had such a powerful secret .

she was starting to feel guilty about hiding max from him but she knew she needed to think this through , figure out what to do .

`` i was scared for you six years ago . ''

he nodded slowly , sifting through the puzzle .

`` yes .

but that was for a completely different reason , was n't it ? ''

she hated that he was so perceptive .

she could n't figure out all the problems right now .

it was late and she 'd been up for a long time now .

`` zayn , i do n't want to deal with this tonight .

i 'm tired and i have to get up early for work . ''

he reached out and pushed a lock of hair behind her ear .

`` you do n't have to work anymore , ella .

let me take care of you .

and you wo n't have to live like this either . ''

she looked around , wondering what he was talking about .

`` what 's wrong with this place ? ''

she asked slowly .

she was so proud of her neat little apartment , why would he think she 'd want to leave ?

zayn sighed .

`` this is n't what you want for yourself , is it ? ''

he looked around , astounded by how tiny her apartment was .

`` i can give you so much more .

come back to the hotel with me tonight .

i 'll show you how nice it can be . ''

she pulled back , her heart fluttering in her chest at the idea of having him close to her again .

but she did n't like what he was suggesting and it countered that ridiculous feeling she had trouble controlling .

`` let me get this straight , zayn .

you want me to come back with you tonight , sleep with you , let you take care of me by ... setting me up in an apartment somewhere ?

and you 'll come visit me ? ''

that was n't even close to what he wanted from her but he did n't think she was ready for a marriage proposal yet .

soon , he thought .

but not at this particular moment .

`` you make it sound unsavory .

but it does n't have to be like that .

let 's just get to know each other once again , figure out what we both like , talk ... '' she crossed her arms over her chest , glaring up at him , not fooled at all by his suggestion of 'talk ' .

`` what does it have to be like ? ''

she demanded , irritated with him now .

`` would you visit me when you have time ?

would i have servants to help me when you 're not around ?

would you shower me with presents like diamonds and designer clothes ? ''

zayn knew he was getting into trouble , but he was n't sure what was wrong .

and yes , all of what she was saying was exactly what he wanted to do for her .