he wanted to wrap her up and take care of her , show her that life could be wonderful .

`` of course .

anything you want . ''

she was bristling with anger now .

did he have no idea how insulting that suggestion was ?

`` and when i got sick , would you be there for me ?

would you hold my hand when i 'm scared ?

would you laugh with me when something funny happens during the day ? ''

she watched his eyes carefully .

`` of course not .

because you would n't be there most days .

in fact , you probably would n't even know if i got sick , would you zayn ?

because you have an important role in the world . ''

he would damn well care if she got sick !

`` of course i would care .

and i would know !

i have a great deal of responsibility but that wo n't mean that i wo n't be there for you .

are you going to condemn me for that ? ''

she sighed , feeling defeated and exhausted all of a sudden .

`` no , zayn .

i 'm not going to condemn you because of your life and your responsibilities .

but please do n't condemn me to the life you picture for me .

i could n't do it .

i would n't respect you if you put me into the role of your mistress .

nor would you respect me . ''

she pulled away from him and walked across the room .

`` i think you should leave . ''

there was no way he was going to let her go like this .

she was in his blood and he needed to figure out how to get her back to tusain , into his bed and safe in his mind so he could get on with the business of his country .

he could n't leave her .

he 'd been looking for her for too long to let her go now .

`` ella , that 's all well and good , but what are we going to do about this thing between us ? ''

he asked , moving closer to her .

he could see the pulse at the base of her throat , saw the rapid beating and knew that she was just as frustrated by their lack of touch as he was .

`` what about the fact that you do n't want me to leave ?

not really , '' he said softly and reached up to touch her cheek .

she almost laughed at that .

would have laughed if he were n't so painfully right and wrong .

`` believe me zayn .

i do n't want you in this apartment . ''

that was the truth , she thought and her chin went up as she looked at him .

something odd was going on .

he was n't sure what it was , but he would get to the bottom of it .

`` if you 're so sure that you do n't want me here , then tell me that after you kiss me . ''

that suggestion startled her .

kiss him ?

no way !

she could barely breathe with him being in her tiny apartment .

she could n't even let him touch her without breaking down .

her chin jutted out defiantly and she shook her head , not willing to even let him close to her .

`` i do n't think so .

just go , zayn . ''

he thought about it for a long moment , then slowly shook his head .

`` not until you kiss me , '' he countered .

with swift arms , he caught her up against him , pulling her close .

when their bodies were touching , he captured her gasp with his mouth , deepening the kiss with both his body and his tongue .

he realized the exact moment that she gave in to the kiss and he pulled her up higher , feeling her arms wrap around his neck .

his hands slipped under her tee-shirt , his mind completely focused on getting this woman naked so he could feast his eyes on her when he felt a sharp stab of pain on his leg .

he broke off the kiss quickly , spinning around and pushing ella behind him as he surveyed the room , protecting ella with his body .

a part of his mind knew he should call his security team , but he needed to move more quickly and eliminate the threat .

the thought of someone here trying to hurt him but accidentally getting to ella made him furious .

`` leave my mamma alone ! ''

a tiny , angry voice said .

ella was trying to push him out of the way but he kept pressing her backwards .

zayn looked around , then down .

it took him almost five seconds to realize that a brown-eyed , black-haired boy with his fists up in perfect fighting stance was glaring at him .

`` leave her alone ! ''

the little tyke growled .

zayn stared at the boy who was about five years old , his eyes taking in all the details , his mind refusing to accept the truth that was staring him in the face .

ella finally pushed her way around zayn and picked up the little boy .

`` max , that 's not polite , '' she admonished .

`` come on , little man .

it is late and you 're supposed to be asleep . ''

`` but i heard your voice , momma .

you were in pain . ''

max was obviously confused and she blushed furiously as she glanced back at zayn .