unfortunately , he was no help because he was still staring at max , his whole body tense as he worked through the newest twist in their fight .

`` come along , buddy .

i 'll tuck you back into bed . ''

max went , mostly because ella had him in her arms but he continued to glare at the tall stranger who had made his mother moan .

he bounced along over his mother 's shoulders , his brown eyes never leaving the similar ones of the strange , mean man .

ella tucked max back into bed , singing him a song until she knew that his eyes were closing .

`` i 'm okay , sweety .

there 's nothing wrong between me and that other man , '' she said softly when she could tell that max was fighting sleep .

`` then why were you in pain ? ''

he asked around a huge yawn .

`` i was n't in pain , my little love .

i 'm perfectly okay but i thank you for being so brave and coming to check on me . ''

`` you 're my momma , '' he said as if that explained everything .

she smiled in the darkness , feeling the love for this little guy almost overwhelm her .

if she had a choice , she would stay right here and watch him sleep all night .

but she did n't have a choice .

she had a very confused , very large and very angry man standing in her apartment .

she inhaled a deep breath , patted max 's hand one more time , then stepped out of the room to face zayn 's questions .

when she stepped out of the only bedroom and closed the door most of the way , she looked up to search for zayn , figuring he would be sitting on the couch or pacing the tiny confines of her apartment just as she 'd been doing less than an hour ago .

but he had n't moved .

not an inch !

he was still staring at the door where she 'd disappeared with max .

when ella stepped out again , his eyes sharpened on her face , his eyes snapping together .

`` who is that boy , ella ? ''

he asked softly , understanding instantly that he had to keep his voice down low .

ella clasped her hands in front of her .

`` his name is max . ''

she sat down on the sofa , uncaring if he was now towering over her .

he did that even when she was standing so what difference did it make ?

there was a long silence as zayn absorbed the name , tossed it around in his mind .

`` how old is he ? ''

ella took a deep breath before she said , `` he 's a little over five years old . ''

he heard the words , did the math in his mind and his confusion and anger welled up even larger .

zayn rubbed a hand over his face , his body tense and jerky .

`` ella , tell me what i need to know . ''

a tear trickled down her cheek as she nodded .

`` he 's our son . ''

she thought she heard him curse under his breath but she was n't sure .

she was too tense , too furious with him for discovering the truth .

and she was scared .

`` how ? ''

he demanded .

she laughed shortly but it was n't humorous .

`` i 'm not sure i 'm really able to explain it better than your science teachers , zayn . ''

`` how could this have happened , dammit ! ''

his harsh tone released her temper that had barely been held in check .

she stood up and glared at him , advancing on him angrily .

`` how could this have happened ?

do n't you remember that night ?

or was it such a short , inconsequential period in your life that it did n't rate a memory to you ? ''

she poked him in the chest .

`` well , i remember it .

i remember every detail clearly and i also remember that you were n't there in the morning .

you did n't want anything from me but a quick roll in the hay !

not even a congratulatory cup of coffee to see you off on your next adventure ! ''

she was so angry and hurt she could n't even rein in her temper a small bit to realize that she was hitting her mark right on target .

`` why did n't i tell you before now ?

well , perhaps we should look into that question more thoroughly !

oh !

wait a minute !

i could n't tell you that i 'd gotten pregnant that night because , '' she paused to take in a deep , hopefully calming breath , `` i did n't know who you really were until a few hours ago !

and what 's your other possible question ?

where have i been all these years ?

why could n't you find me after that one night ?

i realize that you were probably looking for another quick adventure in the sheets because i was such an easy conquest .

i have to apologize because for ten months after your little visit , i was pregnant with our son ! ''

she snapped at him .

she tried desperately hard to control her anger but it was very difficult with him standing here and her panic at max 's discovery looming like a threat in the air between them .

`` i had nowhere to go , and i had no job because my manager was presented with a picture of you and me in the park that night .