i knew that fraternizing with you violated hotel policy but i had no idea that you would be followed all over the city .

apparently a photographer recognized you and i was fired .

she closed her eyes and took another deep breath .

`` i had friends who helped me out .

i worked for them as a nanny while i was pregnant and she helped me after max 's birth .

it was n't easy , but i found a job several months after that and was able to work my way through school while still making sure that max had enough food .

i had to work at fast food restaurants , maid services , anyone who would pay me because i was fired for fraternizing with the hotel guests at my last job .

and do you have any idea how difficult it is to find another job when you 're a single , pregnant woman without an education ? ''

she paused for emphasis .

`` no !

you do n't know how hard it is because you 're a man !

and you have an education !

and you had all the perks and joys of being one of the wealthiest men in the world !

so do n't you dare come back at me and ask me why i did n't give you a head 's up about our son , '' she whispered as she almost punched him with her fury .

zayn knew that everything she was saying was true and it only fueled his guilt .

but it also gave him a purpose .

it relieved him of the stress of how to keep her in his life and gave him the perfect solution to his problem .

he 'd been pushing his team to find ella so he could make her his wife .

and for the past hour , he 'd been trying to figure out why she was so angry with him .

now he understood and the answer made his objective so much easier .

it was like a huge burden had just been lifted from his shoulders .

`` what 's so funny ! ''

she demanded , pulling back , astonished that he could find humor at anything said tonight .

his smile disappeared because nothing about this situation was humorous .

it was actually quite dangerous and he suddenly realized that he did n't have time right now to revel in his good fortune or the ecstatic reaction of his advisors when he told them that he already had an heir .

in fact , if things went the way he hoped they would go , he 'd have several heirs over the next few years !

he opened her apartment door and spoke rapidly in a language she suspected was arabic , but she was n't sure .

the bulky men that were standing in the hallway all snapped to attention , looking between her and zayn with a renewed sense of excitement and tension .

the men responded rapidly , one of them speaking into his watch .

several of the other men snapped to attention as well , nodding when their captain gave them instructions .

`` pack a bag , ella , '' zayn commanded when he closed the door behind him .

`` only the essentials .

one for you and one for max . ''

ella did n't understand what was going on , but it did n't look good .

`` why ?

we are n't going anywhere . ''

his hands were on his hips , his eyes looking down at her with triumph .

and heat !

`` yes .

you are definitely coming with me .

and we 're leaving in less than five minutes . ''

ella was shaking now , seeing him looking stern and commanding .

she 'd seen him being sweet and gentle , demanding and no-holds-barred sexy .

but this was new .

she did n't understand this man and he terrified her like none of the other versions .

she took a small step backwards , not sure how to handle zayn in this mode .

`` i 'm not going anywhere until you explain , zayn . ''

zayn stopped and looked down at her , understanding her fear .

he 'd felt it himself sixteen years ago when his father had shown up to claim him .

he could understand the resentment and confusion because he 'd felt it , experienced the deep-down panic of not understanding when people were making decisions for him .

unfortunately , he did n't have the luxury of time .

he needed to get her and max safe .

`` ella , that little boy sleeping in that room is my heir .

he is the prince of tusain .

i have to get both of you back to the hotel where you can be protected . ''

she was already shaking her head , not willing to listen to his terrifying statements any longer .

`` you 're wrong , zayn .

that 's my little boy and we 're not going anywhere but to school and work tomorrow . ''

zayn put a hand to her arm .

`` ella , i 'm sorry but this is n't your choice anymore . ''

ella did n't like those words .

of course there were choices .

there were always choices .

`` stop it .

stop it right now ! ''

she snapped at him , glancing nervously at the door to max 's room .

`` i wo n't have you scaring max like this ! ''

zayn almost chuckled because max was sound asleep .

it was ella who was scared , and rightly so .

`` you 're right .

forget about packing .

anything you need , it will be delivered to you .