grab your purse if you want it , '' he said and walked into max 's room .

`` we have to go , '' he said a few minutes later , max cradled in his arms .

ella froze , astonished by the picture of her tiny little son being carried in his father 's arms .

for the first time , she saw the two of them together and it was almost painful to see the resemblance now .

although max was still tiny compared to zayn , they had the exact same eyes , the same hair and even the same scowl even though max was sound asleep .

she might have laughed if it did n't feel like zayn was taking her son away from her .

`` why are you doing this ? ''

she cried , rushing towards the door and placing her body in front of it so he could n't leave .

seeing him with her son terrified her , panic welling up to almost choke her .

`` please do n't take him away from me , '' she sobbed , knowing there was nothing she could do if he tried to take her son .

he was bigger and stronger than she was .

and he had so many more resources than she could possibly imagine .

zayn realized where her thoughts were going and tried to reassure her .

`` ella , i 'm not taking max away .

i just need to protect him .

come with me , '' he said sternly and walked around her to the door , max bundled into a blanket .

he easily opened the door with one hand and both of them were quickly surrounded by large , bulky men in dark suits with scary looking bulges underneath their suit coats .

ella followed the two of them down the stairs , her mind reeling with everything that had happened .

she saw a clock and realized that only an hour had passed since zayn had walked into her apartment .

only sixty minutes and her whole world had changed .

what would the next twelve hours bring ?

she shuddered at the thought .

chapter 8 ella stretched , feeling warmer than usual .

the smell of fresh coffee was wafting through the air and the silence was blissful .

where was all the traffic ?

where were the lumps on the sofa ?

and who was making coffee ?

something was wrong .

no one made coffee unless she was dreaming .

and she definitely was n't dreaming .

was she ?

slowly she opened her eyes , hoping that the dream would continue .

she wanted so desperately to simply snuggle down into the warmth and not come up for several hours .

sleep was just so precious these days .

why was n't max jumping on the cushions next to her ?

why was n't he asking her for cereal or for something to eat ?

she should get up and make sure he was eating something healthy .

`` if you do n't stop that , '' zayn said with a groan , `` we 're going to start on max 's sister right now . ''

his words woke her up fully and she shifted away from the comfortable heat that had been holding her close .

ella sat up in bed , scrambling away while trying to cover herself with the sheet .

`` what are you doing here ? ''

she asked , panic welling up inside of her .

zayn chuckled and rolled over onto his back , yawning even while stuffing a pillow behind him to watch her .

`` we were married last night .

you 're in my bed . ''

ella put a hand to her forehead , her mind frantically trying to capture everything that had happened .

it slowly started coming back to her , but it was fuzzy .

she 'd been so tired .

zayn had carried max back to the hotel but all three of them had been hurriedly swept here to the penthouse .

she 'd been in here before , of course , but never as a guest .

the details of the previous night were coming back to her and she shuddered at the memories .

standing next to zayn , a man in front of them reciting the wedding ceremony words .

she 'd said `` i do '' but she 'd been confused , exhausted and scared .

`` that was n't a wedding , '' she grumbled , remembering the quick , efficient words spoken in the dim light as well as her worn out jeans and threadbare tee-shirt .

`` what would you call it ? ''

he asked , smiling slightly at her shyness at such an early hour of the morning .

although he suspected she might be shy anytime of the day .

until he kissed her .

or any kind of touch .

then she was n't shy .

at least she did n't used to be shy .

or that one night they 'd shared together , she had n't been shy .

ella cringed and looked around , pushing her hair out of her eyes while trying to figure out how to get out of this mess .

`` it was a three minute conversation between three strangers . ''

he laughed softly .

`` i guarantee that we are legally husband and wife . ''

his hand wanted to reach out and touch her back , to feel her softness and her heat .

but he knew she was confused .

bringing sex into the equation probably was n't the best idea .

unfortunately , having her curled up next to him all night had n't done much for his sleep .

she 'd been warm and soft and pressed all of that against him throughout the night .