well , what little had been left after the minister had finally left .

it had taken a few hours for his aide to organize the marriage license and a minister to arrive .

they 'd have to be wed once again when they returned to tusain , but in the eyes of the world , they were married .

an announcement had even been sent out to all the wire services so by this point , the world also knew that they were married .

in fact , they also knew that he had a son .

the details had been left out , but all of his enemies now knew that he had an heir .

he gritted his teeth with the anger that welled up inside of him at the idea of anyone hurting that little boy .

he was actually astounded that he 'd only known about max for less than twelve hours and already he was so protective of the little guy .

`` tell me about max , '' he said softly , but with an urgency that spoke volumes .

ella bit her lip , worried about where max was and what he might be thinking .

`` is he okay ?

where did you put him ? ''

`` he 's probably already awake and driving my guards crazy by now .

at least he will be if he is anything like i was . ''

ella 's eyes widened .

`` he would n't dare be impolite . ''

`` ah , ella , '' he chuckled .

`` i was never impolite .

i knew better than to do anything obviously wrong .

i learned early on that the trick to earning peoples ' trust was to at least appear innocent . ''

she swallowed painfully , because max had learned that lesson quickly as well .

`` where is he ?

can i check on him ? ''

zayn looked at her worried , green eyes and gave in .

he could n't hold out against ella 's plea , seeing her anxiety over their son written plainly on her beautiful features .

`` of course , ella .

he 's in the next room . ''

ella looked around , her eyes surveying the room and saw her tee shirt and jeans on the chair over by the window .

that meant ... she peeked under the sheet and knew she was blushing painfully when she realized that she was only wearing her bra and underwear .

`` would you mind turning around ? ''

he smiled and shook his head .

`` very much so . ''

she glared at him , irritated that he would be so ungentlemanly .

`` you 're a perfectly horrid man , '' she snapped .

she pulled the small blanket from the bottom of the bed and wrapped it around herself before walking with as much dignity as possible across the room .

`` i ca n't tell you how many times i 've cursed this blanket over the years .

and now it 's my saving grace . ''

zayn chuckled softly as he watched her walk into the bathroom , the blanket barely covering the essentials .

he did n't mind though .

he thought she was cute .

besides , he 'd see everything very soon .

`` we 're married , ella .

i 'll know that luscious body of yours so intimately that you soon wo n't have a qualm about walking around completely naked . ''

`` do n't count on it , '' she came back angrily before stomping into the bathroom .

`` oh , i definitely am , '' he replied , even though she could n't hear him .

ella turned on the warm water , amazed at how wonderful it felt .

she did n't luxuriate in the bathroom long though , not sure how much privacy he was going to give her .

she wished she had some clean clothes to put on , but zayn had rushed her out of the apartment so quickly the previous night , she had n't had time to grab anything except for the essentials for max .

and even he had only a single change of clothes .

when she emerged , her hair up in a towel but fully clothed once again , she felt much better .

zayn was coming out of another door and he looked as if he 'd showered as well .

he also looked amazingly virile in a perfectly tailored , dark suit .

she actually resented him for looking so cool and sophisticated while she was wearing yesterday 's casual clothes , feeling dingy and worn out .

`` where 's max ? ''

she snapped , unable to hide her irritation and vulnerability .

one eyebrow went up as he looked down at her eyes .

he saw the fear and the confusion along with several other fleeting emotions .

`` he 's fine .

let 's go have breakfast with him and you can introduce us . ''

she bit her lip , feeling guilty for not telling zayn about him before this .

but how could she ?

she 'd had no idea where zayn had gone , what he did for a living or even the slightest clue as to how to find him .

even if he 'd told her that he was ruler of tusain , she probably would n't have believed him .

seeing is believing though .

`` he 's a great kid , '' she said before preceding him out of the bedroom .

ella walked into the second bedroom and saw max still curled up , sound asleep on the bed .

she smiled down at him but even as she watched , he must have known something was happening .

his tiny body stretched in the massive bed and his little fists rubbed his eyes .