`` momma ? ''

he called out , just like he normally did .

`` i 'm here , honey , '' she said , moving quickly over to the side of his bed .

`` did you sleep well ? ''

max gave her a sleepy little smile then held is arms out for her morning hug .

`` i did .

i had weird dreams though . ''

ella laughed and hugged his long , skinny body .

`` i bet you did .

and things are going to get even more bizarre once you wake up fully . ''

max climbed onto her lap , his eyes just starting to focus enough to look around .

`` where are we ? ''

he asked , realizing for the first time that he was n't in his room any longer .

`` and who is that man over there ? ''

ella realized that max and zayn were staring at each other , their dark eyes looking so similar it ached to see them like this .

`` well , '' ella said softly , standing up and letting max climb on her back .

he might be only five years old , but he was extremely large for his age and carrying him piggy back was easier than on her hip .

the kid was pretty huge for his age !

go figure , considering his father , she thought with a deeper appreciation for genetics .

`` remember last year when you asked about your father and i told you stories about him when he was a kid ? ''

zayn 's eyes snapped to hers , then quickly back to max 's face once again .

max did n't even nod his head , too fascinated with zayn .

ella smiled .

`` well , yesterday we ran into each other .

your father is staying at the hotel where i work .

and yesterday , he came by to see you .

he was very excited to finally find you .

he 's been looking for you for years .

it 's such an odd coincidence that he was a guest at the very same hotel i worked in . ''

`` just like when you met him the first time ! ''

max whispered , excited as he wrapped his arms around her neck so ella could carry him forward .

she stopped when she was a foot away from zayn , letting both of the males survey each other .

max was more prepared since ella had told max stories about his father over the years .

so max was n't intimidated by zayn at all .

in fact , as max stuck his hand out for zayn to shake , ella realized that there was more than a little hero worship going on .

ella watched the two males carefully , ready to swoop in and protect her son if he started to get scared .

but she realized that her son was made of pretty stern stuff .

he was n't easily intimidated .

`` max , would you like to have breakfast with your dad ?

maybe you could ask him some questions about where he lives and what he likes to do now ? ''

`` that would be awesome , '' max said , trying to sound mature since he 'd heard the kids in the older grades using that phrase .

coming from his relatively tiny body , it sounded funny to her ears .

`` well , let 's go then , '' she said and carried him out of the room , superman pajamas and all .

as they walked , ella turned her head slightly so that she could speak with max .

`` deal is though , you have to answer some of his questions too .

i think your dad might want to get to know you just as much as you want to get to know him . ''

max grinned , eager to get to know this extremely large male who was following them .

`` you 're big , '' he said with excitement , eyeing the man walking next to him .

`` how tall are you ? ''

`` i 'm six feet , three inches tall .

how tall are you ? ''

zayn asked back .

max stretched his body out as far as it would go without losing balance on his mother 's back .

`` i do n't know .

momma says i grow like a worm , whatever that means . ''

she rolled her eyes , but since max was on her back and zayn was following behind her , neither of them saw .

she went directly to the beautifully polished table in the main area of the penthouse where a full breakfast was already laid out .

there were two maids that were finishing up with the table , both of whom smiled at ella since they 'd been friends for the past several years .

`` thanks , jane .

thanks marie , '' she said to both women who quickly left through the butler 's pantry .

ella sighed heavily , realizing that things were definitely going to change .

she had no idea how , or how much , but she wanted her friends back .

jane and marie were good people and she 'd babysat their kids for each of them .

there was a support system that she would miss if she had to leave here .

she did n't want to leave , she realized .

no matter how much money zayn might have , nothing would ever be like it was .

or maybe she was being too harsh on her judgment of what was to come ?

maybe things would n't change too drastically .

perhaps zayn would simply head back to his country and let her carry on raising max herself .