other fathers did that , not wanting the responsibility of raising their children .

she knew that was n't going to happen the moment zayn lifted max off of her back and sat him down in one of the elegant chairs .

zayn signaled to someone off to the side and immediately , the butler stepped forward and poured coffee for him as well as a cup for ella before bowing back to the wall to await the next command .

she sipped her coffee and listened to the two of them ask questions of each other .

max was obviously enthralled with discovering his new father and zayn was equally entranced by the little man sitting next to him .

they asked questions , responded , laughed at some of the answers and nodded their heads sagely at some of the other responses .

ella watched the whole thing , her heart breaking at the new reality that she would have to share her precious son now .

no matter how hard it had been over the past six years , she still cherished every moment with max .

well , not every moment .

she would have loved to share some of those late night ear infections , she thought as she sipped her coffee .

or maybe the first time he 'd fallen and scraped his knee .

yes , it would have been really nice to share that horror with zayn .

she 'd tuned out slightly , thinking back on all the fun or scary moments in her young son 's life so she was n't paying as much attention to their conversation .

but something caught her attention and she re-focused .

ella sat up straighter in her seat though when she heard zayn explain to max that he was a royal prince .

`` he is not ! ''

she snapped at him , almost dropping her coffee cup as the anger welled up inside of her .

max looked at his mother , not understanding the significance of being a prince but he fully comprehended her tone of voice .

max glanced at his new-found father , laying a protective hand on his arm as if he could ward off his mother 's anger somehow .

zayn looked calmly right back at her .

`` i 'm sheik zayn tiefel sarkis .

which means that my son , max , will be the next ruler of tusain .

that makes him prince max . ''

she almost stood up , shaking her head .

`` he 's a little boy who likes to plow his toy trucks into the buildings he 's made with blocks or pillows .

he 's not ready to be a prince . ''

zayn did n't say anything , but simply looked over at his aide who was standing to the side .

the man instantly snapped his fingers and a woman came forward .

`` i 'm debra miller , your highness , '' she said to ella , curtsying slightly and bowing her head .

`` i 've been hired as prince max 's nanny for however long you remain in the city .

would you like me to take him for his bath ? ''

ella did n't understand what was going on .

`` a nanny ? ''

she asked , almost choking on the words .

she turned back to zayn .

`` max does n't need a nanny .

he has me . ''

and why would this woman address her as `` your highness '' ?

zayn turned back to max , winking slightly and it even irritated ella that they 'd formed such an immediate bond .

`` how about if you go back into your room and play with ms. miller ?

i believe she came early this morning with lots of toys for you .

want to check them out ? ''

max 's eyes lit up at the idea of new toys .

`` oh boy , '' he said and quickly climbed down from his chair .

he was halfway across the room before he skidded to a halt and turned back to his mother .

`` is that okay ? ''

he asked , hope and excitement making his body wiggle .

ella did n't know what to say .

she glanced back at zayn , then at her son , worried at how rapidly things were changing .

`` that 's fine for now .

but do n't take him out of the penthouse , okay ? ''

`` of course , your highness , '' debra miller replied , curtsying once again before she followed after a hooping little boy , smiling .

ella turned away from zayn , not wanting him to see the tears that were quickly forming in her eyes .

`` what 's your intention ? ''

she finally demanded .

if zayn even hinted that he would take max away from her , he would have a fight on his hands !

zayn could see the stress in her eyes and he wanted to somehow reassure her that she was n't losing her son to the nanny .

`` ella , ms. miller came highly recommended . ''

ella almost jumped when she felt his hands on her shoulders .

wrenching herself free from his touch , she turned to face him , angrily wiping the tears from her eyes .

`` do n't touch me ! ''

she almost yelled .

she then realized that they were n't alone and looked at the others self-consciously .

`` i apologize , '' she said to the others in the room .

`` that was impolite . ''

zayn almost rolled his eyes .

not only did max need to learn to rule , but ella would need to be trained not to be subservient in front of the servants .