`` and if i do n't want to wear those clothes ? ''

she asked , not sure why she was fighting the idea of pretty new clothes .

she 'd love to wear something more feminine and only wore jeans because they were comfortable and convenient .

and cheap , she reminded herself .

the jeans she was wearing now had cost her only twelve dollars .

zayn eyed her carefully .

he understood suddenly that he needed to take a different approach to gain her cooperation .

he relaxed and shrugged his shoulders .

`` you 're right .

you do n't need to change into anything .

i 'll just make sure that i 'm behind you whenever we 're walking .

i 'll definitely enjoy the view . ''

he almost laughed out loud at her horrified expression but he restrained himself admirably .

`` where 's the stupid suit ? ''

she demanded .

zayn only pointed in the direction of the bedroom they 'd shared last night and watched her with interest as she walked away .

`` you 've won !

stop staring at me ! ''

she called out , not even bothering to look back at him to make sure he was looking .

he was , and he was enjoying both her anger and her adorable bottom .

his amusement could n't be contained any longer .

at her admonishment , he threw back his head and laughed , admiring both her sexy figure in the jeans as well as her spunk .

he would definitely enjoy that temper of hers , he thought as she stomped into the bedroom and closed the door .

zayn went through the immediate problems his assistants brought to him but when ella emerged from the bedroom , wearing a stunning blue suit with matching blue heels , he could barely speak .

she was beautiful , he thought .

every time he saw her , each different nuance of her personality created a new spark of interest .

the sparks were becoming a fire that he was barely able to control .

especially when she looked so lovely .

he wondered if his assistant had gotten her new lingerie as well .

or was she still wearing those cotton briefs and the white cotton bra ?

he felt his body harden at either possibility .

damn , why had he left her alone last night ?

she 'd been so soft and warm and he knew he could have gotten her to respond .

maybe he would n't be in so much pain just watching her walk towards him now .

but she 'd needed her sleep last night .

he 'd thrown a lot at her in only a few hours and he knew she 'd been exhausted .

tonight though .

there would be no turning back tonight .

he 'd have her in his home , in his private rooms and he would make sure that the only thing she had to wear was some silky thing that would easily slip off of her luscious curves which he would then explore with careful attention to detail .

he shook his head slightly , knowing that it would be very obvious what he was thinking very soon if he did n't switch gears .

`` are you ready ? ''

he asked .

ella heard the huskiness in his voice and wondered about it .

glancing up , she saw the heat in his eyes and almost stepped back , overwhelmed and intimidated by zayn when he looked like this .

gone was the ruler and the father of her child .

this was just the man .

the one who made her tremble with just a touch , who could make her scream out with his fingers .

and his mouth .

and other parts of his body .

she closed her eyes and looked away , breaking the intimate , visual contact .

`` ready for what ? ''

she asked , looking at the sofa .

`` and where is max ? ''

`` i 'm right here , momma ! ''

max 's eager voice called out to her as he ran through the room , barreling towards her so he could throw himself into her arms .

`` you look awesome ! ''

he said as he looked up at her , his strong arms clinging to her leg .

ella bent down and gave him a hug .

`` goodness , you look wonderful , yourself ! ''

she pulled back and looked at him .

his hair had been combed and he was wearing a pair of khaki pants with a shirt actually tucked in !

she could n't ever get him to tuck in his shirt but it had n't been a huge issue since he normally wore jeans and a tee-shirt .

`` who combed your hair ? ''

she demanded .

that had been one battle she had n't had the ability to combat .

she kept his hair cut short so it was n't too much of a problem , but when it went too long in between cuts , it got more than a little ruffled .

`` ms. miller said that a handsome prince needs his hair to look neat .

so i let her do it . ''

he looked at her with a slight roll of his eyes .

`` she 's a lot of fun , momma . ''

ella tamped down on the jealousy and hurt she felt when max described the other woman .

he loved his school teachers as well and she was n't jealous of those women .

why should she feel threatened by the amazingly efficient ms. miller ?

`` well , you look very handsome , '' ella said to max who puffed up proudly .

zayn looked at the two of them , suddenly overwhelmed with emotion at the sight of his family .