his son was the spitting image of himself and it infuriated him to think of ella trying to convince him that max was n't his son .

backing off of that anger , he knew that she 'd done it only to protect both herself and their son .

she was a good mother , he realized .

`` we need to move , '' he said .

he picked max up into his arms , looking at him now at eye level .

`` are you ready ? ''

he asked the little boy .

max grinned and nodded his head .

`` ready ! ''

he came right back , eager for whatever next adventure was on the horizon .

ella swallowed painfully , seeing the two of them bonding like that .

she loved her son , but was she ready to share him ?

as the entourage surrounded zayn and her son , she realized that she did n't have much of a choice .

zayn 's guards , which seemed to have doubled overnight , were surrounding all of them , several talking into their wrists and there were even more in the hallway when they left the penthouse and descended into the parking garage .

the three of them were ushered into a waiting limousine and ella could n't believe how much fuss was being made to get them out of the hotel .

then the limousine pulled away from the garage and ella was shocked to see a crowd of photographers and reporters crowded around the entrance of the hotel .

there were also three more limousines waiting by the door .

when their limousine drove past , one of the photographers caught sight of their departure and actually started running down the street .

ella watched from the rear window as he frantically snapped pictures of their departing vehicle while running across the traffic on pennsylvania avenue .

that street was several lanes wide with traffic circles , strange crossing lanes , bike lanes and a large number of pedestrians .

the street was lined with several national treasures so there were tourists everywhere mingling in with the government workers making their way to their various office buildings .

but as the police escort screamed with their sirens blaring , everyone stopped to look , trying to determine who was in the caravan of limousines and black suvs as they drove through the traffic with ease since the police were blocking traffic to keep the caravan moving .

it took an astonishingly short period of time to get to the airport , helped along by the police escort .

but nothing could have prepared ella for the frantic day .

the flight was quiet since she and max sat in one of the leather chairs in a private area of the plane .

they ate their meals alone and , when ella asked where zayn was , she was told he was in meetings for the duration of the flight .

when they landed , there was another rush through the airport but everything was stream-lined once again .

there were no immigration lines , no forms to fill out .

when one was the head of the country , ella guessed that the normal governmental forms were n't really required .

she was finally shown to a large , beautiful suite of rooms where there was a large bedroom , a gorgeous sitting room , even a lovely conservatory filled with strange and exotic plants .

she and max explored everything , loving the balcony that looked out over the city .

but by that point , it was late and she had n't slept well the previous night .

she tucked max into his new bed , smiling at how excited the little guy was .

`` we 're going to be okay , right momma ? ''

he asked as he yawned , fighting to keep his eyes open despite the late hour and the extremely long , exciting day .

she tucked the blanket around his small shoulders and gave him a kiss on his nose .

`` yes .

we 're going to be okay .

go to sleep , '' she said softly .

she tucked him in and walked out , closing the door before moving into the beautiful bedroom .

she was almost completely undressed , reaching for one of the silky robes she 'd found in the closet when she heard a noise behind her .

spinning around , she found zayn walking towards her , his hands efficiently stripping off his suit and his eyes filled with heat .

`` what are you doing in here ? ''

she demanded , pulling the robe over herself as quickly as her nervous fingers would allow .

he smiled slightly but she could see the fatigue in his eyes .

`` this is where i sleep . ''

ella blinked and looked around .

`` here ? ''

he laughed slightly , but more because he was still enchanted with her blushes .

`` yes .

is that going to be a problem ? ''

she was n't sure exactly what to say .

`` i thought this was where i slept . ''

suddenly , the amazing quarters made sense .

`` this is your private suite , is n't it ?

this is where you live . ''

he approached her slowly , his eyes never leaving her face but his fingers worked the buttons on his shirt , slowly revealing the tanned skin underneath .

`` you figured that out quickly . ''

she squared her shoulders , determined not to fall under his sensuous spell .

`` zayn , i 'm not sleeping in the same bed with you . ''

he chuckled and bent lower so he could see her eyes more clearly .

`` there are no other rooms to sleep in , ella . ''