she held her breath , trying very hard to be firm , but his muscular chest with the light , sprinkling of black hair across the top which narrowed down to an intriguing line , was getting in the way of her concentration .

`` zayn , this is ridiculous . ''

he took her hand and tried to place it on his chest but she curled her fingers up into a fist , refusing to touch him .

she knew if she did that , she would be gone .

`` zayn , please do n't do this , '' she whispered .

`` do n't make love to my wife ? ''

he asked softly , his hand reaching up so that his fingers could slide through her long , dark hair .

`` i think that is a very good idea .

i do n't know why you are resisting . ''

she stepped back , desperate now .

`` because i do n't trust you .

i do n't know what happened six years ago .

i do n't really understand what happened ten years ago .

all i understand is that we have a son together and i 'm in a foreign country .

the rest of ... everything , '' she stammered , overwhelmed by all the issues she did n't understand , `` is a complete mystery .

and yet you want me to simply trust you and jump into bed with you as if everything were great . ''

zayn sighed and pulled his hand away .

she had a point .

`` okay , so what do you want to happen ? ''

she considered her options , surprised that he was being so accommodating given the current situation .

`` i 'd like to understand what 's going on .

i 'd like to get to know you without the pressure of sex between us .

i want to learn to trust you and know that you wo n't just disappear on me again . ''

he laughed at that last one .

`` ella , i 'm in charge of the whole country .

i 'm not going anywhere . ''

she bit her lip , truly frightened of the power he wielded here .

`` okay , then i need to trust that you wo n't send me away and keep max to yourself . ''

he reared back slightly , astonished that she could be thinking anything along those lines .

`` i 'd never do that to you . ''

she crossed her arms over her chest , feeling painfully vulnerable .

`` never ?

there is an intense physical attraction between us , '' she started to say .

`` at least you acknowledge that , '' he interrupted , becoming angry that she could think so little of him .

she knew he was furious and it scared her .

`` zayn , even right now , i 'm afraid of speaking my mind to you .

i do n't know you , i do n't know what you 're capable of , and i especially do n't know your thoughts or what you think of me .

we had two dates the last time you were in washington , d.c. and one of those evenings was spent ... '' she blushed and had to look away .

`` well , you know where it was spent .

needless to say , not a lot of talking was done after dinner . ''

she cleared her throat and changed the subject , ignoring the sudden heat in his eyes .

`` before that , i knew you on the streets of our old neighborhood , but i did n't really know you as a person .

you walked me home from school when i was a kid and i know that we laughed and talked about lots of things .

but you were seventeen at the time , almost eighteen and i was barely eight years old .

the things we discussed were superficial at best .

and most of the time , you were just trying to tease me out of running someplace to hide because i was so wimpy back then . ''

his eyebrows came down low over his dark eyes .

`` you were n't wimpy , ella .

you were scared and did n't know how to stand up for yourself . ''

she took a deep breath , closing her eyes briefly .

`` and you taught me to do that .

so here i am . ''

she turned to fully face him , showing him that she was determined now .

`` i 'm standing up for myself and asking you not to push this relationship to a physical level until we know each other better . ''

he considered her request for a long moment , his body telling him to ignore her point and get her into bed .

he knew that they could get to know each other personally while still accepting this almost painful desire for each other .

but his mind was telling him that she might have a point .

not that they could n't get to know each other and still enjoy each other .

since it was going to happen anyway , why not just enjoy the entire process ?

unfortunately , he knew that pushing her in that way might slow down her trusting him .

and he suddenly wanted that very much .

she was strong and capable and had survived so much .

he did n't want to hurt her now that she was his wife .

`` how long do you think it might take for you to trust me ? ''

he asked , gritting his teeth as his body rebelled against not pulling her into his arms .

she could n't believe that he was accepting her request !