all the tension that had been building up inside of her over the past half hour suddenly went away and she felt as if she could breathe much more easily .

`` thank you , '' she sighed , a smile breaking out on her face .

`` but i do n't know how long it will take to get to know each other .

can we take it one day at a time ? ''

she asked with hope in her eyes .

zayn looked at her soft , dark hair and his body ached .

`` we can take it slowly .

but you 're staying here in this suite .

i wo n't touch you , but i 'll wait until you come to me .

is that fair ? ''

he asked .

ella thought about it for a long moment and then smiled brightly .

`` i think that 's more than fair , '' she sighed with relief .

`` i 'll even sleep on the couch and you can have the bed . ''

he eyed the sofa with distaste .

`` i 'll sleep on the sofa .

you take the bed . ''

she laughed and shook her head .

`` zayn , i 've been sleeping on the sofa for the past eleven years .

i truly do n't mind .

whereas you would n't even fit on the sofa because of your height .

i 'm much shorter and i 'm guessing this sofa will be enormously more comfortable than what i 'm used to , '' she said with happiness .

zayn was n't immune to her relief and her beautiful smile felt like a stab in his heart .

he could do this , he told himself firmly .

he could resist her delectable body for the amount of time it would take her to learn to trust him , to get to know him .

he 'd waited six years for her , he could wait a few more days .

chapter 9 ella jerked awake when she heard the door slam .

she was still half asleep but rolled over onto her back , staring up at the ceiling as she forced her mind to start working again .

something had to change , she told herself .

she could n't go on like this any longer .

sleeping on the couch was one thing .

she could handle that since she 'd done it ever since max was born but this cold silence between zayn and herself was getting to her .

every night he kissed her , made her so delirious with need that she could barely stand up .

but something inside of her simply could n't take that next step and give herself permission to make love with him .

she was hurt , she told herself .

she was wounded and trying to make him suffer just as much as she 'd been hurt when she 'd woken up that morning six years ago to find him gone .

not to mention her terror when she realized that she was pregnant , jobless and basically homeless at eighteen .

what a mess , she thought .

there was already a coffee service sitting in the room waiting for her , just as it was every morning .

but she did n't bother to take any of the morning brew that , theoretically , would jump start her body .

the first morning had been fine , the coffee hot and rich .

delicious .

she 'd savored one of the perks of her new role , something she had n't anticipated .

that first morning , she 'd relished the idea of someone fixing her coffee and delivering it to her room each morning .

but by the second morning , the coffee had n't been as warm .

and it had n't tasted very good either .

it was almost as if it had been purposely burned the previous day , put into the refrigerator and then mildly heated up the following morning for her .

in a word , it had been undrinkable .

she 'd dressed quickly that morning and searched out a cup of hot coffee , finding a cup in the offices where the administrators worked diligently on government business .

each morning , she 'd snuck into their domain to find her coffee , ignoring the service that was delivered every day by mysterious servants .

that was n't all that was a problem though .

she was losing weight because her breakfast and lunch meals were either too cold , too salty , too spicy or just nauseating .

the first few days , she 'd been in awe of the cook and all the creatively prepared and beautifully presented dishes .

but apparently word got around that she was still refusing to sleep with their ruler .

now the entire palace staff was fighting a silent battle with her , admonishing her in the only way they knew how .

by sabotaging her meals , her wardrobe , her coffee and other small things .

she knew it was on purpose because she dined with zayn and max every evening and the meals there were delicious and perfectly prepared .

there had even been one time when she 'd tried to sneak into the kitchens to find something to eat .

a cook had spotted her , stepping in front of her and asking her in a painfully polite way if he could fix her something to eat .

she could see from the banked hostility in his eyes that she would n't get anything on her own in the kitchens .

she 'd simply turned around and left the area , feeling like a naughty dog running away with its tail between its legs .

and she missed max .

it was selfish of her because she knew he was learning so much being here .