besides , he absolutely worshiped zayn and the feelings were returned .

every night , she 'd sit with max while he ate his dinner , hearing about all the wonderful things his tutors were teaching him .

he was learning math skills at an alarming rate , already telling her the theory behind trigonometry and calculus although his young mind could n't grasp the actual math formulas behind the theories .

he was also reading better than he ever had , but that was nothing new since the little guy had been reading to her since preschool , well ahead of his peers .

his handwriting was still atrocious , but he was using better words while he wrote as well as when he spoke and his spelling was improving by leaps and bounds .

outside of the school room , he was also learning to ride a horse , or more specifically , a pony that zayn had given him on his first day here .

the pony was the perfect size for him , small enough to control but big enough so he did n't feel patronized by the smaller horse .

ella had asked to be taught to ride , but when the instructor had brought out the meanest , nastiest horse , ella had backed away , terrified of the snorting beast that did n't look like it was even trained to carry a rider yet .

when the horrible beast tried to bite her hand when she 'd reached out to pet him , ella had pulled back in fear , thanked the instructor for his time and walked back into the palace .

the only reason she ventured into the stables now was to find the kittens she 'd discovered the first week and to pretend she was still taking riding lessons .

she brought the kittens treats and enjoyed their antics while they flounced around in the hay , tumbling over each other .

since she did n't want to admit to zayn that she was too afraid to learn to ride a horse , she pulled on her riding outfit every morning at the appointed time and walked out to the stables , only to find the kittens and sit down to play .

okay , so she admitted silently that her fascination with the kittens was more about hiding from the stable hands than anything else .

she knew she was being a coward but she did n't know enough about horses to stand up for herself , nor did she care to accept the assurances by the stable master that the horse he 'd brought to her would cooperate .

even her arabic tutor was in on the harassment .

the first few mornings , the woman had been wonderfully patient and ella had learned a great deal .

but the woman must have gotten wind of her resistance to sleeping with zayn and her patience disappeared .

their meetings came down to her rapidly saying something to ella , then waiting for ella to reply .

since ella had no idea what the woman had said , there were long pauses of silence where the two women stared at each other .

in the end , ella had simply walked out of the room , refusing to meet with the tutor again .

instead , she 'd gone to the massive library and found an arabic to english dictionary .

for hours each day , she worked diligently at learning the complicated language .

she would then practice with max during his afternoon tea time when the two of them had some time alone .

it was much more helpful to speak the language with him since he was picking it up quickly , his young mind like a sponge .

he was more advanced than she was , but he was patient with her and laughingly helped her with her pronunciation .

she should probably talk to zayn and ask him to intercede , but she could n't do it .

she had pride and the idea of going to him and asking him to demand the servants stop treating her so horribly just felt like she was being more of a coward .

instead , she stood up for herself when possible and ignored the servants at other times .

she 'd taken care of herself almost all her life so she did n't need their help to make it through the day .

having been a servant for years herself , she knew that she could n't force the staff to treat her properly .

since she could n't fire them , she had to earn their respect .

unfortunately , it seemed that the only way to earn their respect was to sleep with their ruler .

since that was out of the question , she was in a quandary as to what to do .

she was n't going to back down though .

she refused to be hurt again .

she had no reason to trust zayn so she stood her ground , refusing to be used this time .

they were talking , but he was so busy with his official duties that their conversations were generally cut short .

as long as she could see max each day , she could deal with all the rest .

well , almost all the rest , she thought as she sat in their private suite of rooms , waiting nervously for zayn to come to bed .

it was after eleven o'clock in the evening and they 'd left his guests , some dignitaries from great britain , who had dined with them .

she did n't have anything to wear except for long satin or silk nightgowns , all of them draping over her body sensuously .

she pulled the belt of the robe more tightly around her waist , bracing herself for zayn 's return .