this conversation would probably go more smoothly if she had something less sexy to wear .

but this was all she had available unless she wanted to don one of the formal suits or an evening gown .

she preferred to be ready for bed when zayn arrived though .

every night , he 'd come into the suite and start undressing .

she 'd tried to hide from him , but her eyes devoured him as soon as he started unbuttoning his shirt .

his hot eyes captured hers while he stripped himself .

initially , she 'd thought to already be under the covers she kept on the sofa , but he 'd nixed that plan easily the first when he 'd simply sat down beside her on the sofa , his shirt already dispensed with and he 'd kissed her .

every night , she was almost whimpering with need by the time she 'd found the strength to push him away , but it was getting harder and harder to remember why she was resisting him .

her mind might still be angry with him , but her body did n't care .

there were many moments she wanted him to ignore her resistance and just make love to her until they were both breathless .

she wanted him to take her to that huge bed and kiss her all over , just like he had that one night so long ago .

over the past six years , there had been so many nights when she 'd lain awake thinking of him , wondering what he was doing and where he 'd gone .

she 'd scrambled her brain trying to figure out what she 'd done wrong that night , what she 'd done to push him out her door so early in the morning .

tonight , she did n't want to go through the normal undressing and kissing process , so she did n't get ready for bed immediately after entering their suite .

she 'd unzipped her dress and hung it up carefully , then pulled the silk nightgown over her head and tied the matching robe around her waist tightly .

instead of sitting inside waiting for him , she curled up on one of the big , comfortable chairs out on the terrace .

she did n't want to watch him get undressed .

she did n't want to feel that need sweep over her , almost choke her with the intensity .

she wanted zayn , but she was afraid of that need .

afraid of being hurt again .

`` why are you out here ? ''

his deep voice asked from the darkness .

ella jumped , gripping the arms of the chair as she turned to look at him .

she was relieved to see that he still had his shirt on .

the ends of his tuxedo tie were hanging around his neck and the top few buttons of his shirt were undone , but she could handle that .

she quickly stood up and walked to the bannister , putting more space between the two of them .

`` dammit ! ''

she heard him say .

swinging around , she looked at him curiously .

shrinking back , she became terrified of the anger in his eyes .

`` what 's wrong ? ''

she whispered .

zayn advanced on her furiously .

`` are you doing this on purpose ? ''

he leaned over her , bracing his arms on the marble bannister behind her , forcing her to bend backwards .

`` doing what ? ''

she asked , her fingers moving to the edge of her robe , pulling it tighter .

`` wearing that silk gown .

not wearing any underwear ! ''

he growled , his hands coming up to grab her upper arms .

`` you 're driving me insane with need and you know it ! ''

she yanked her arms , trying desperately to break his hold but she only hurt her arms instead .

`` let me go !

i 'm not trying to do anything to you !

i only have these ridiculous things to sleep in at night and i do n't have any clean underwear ! ''

that stopped him cold .

`` what the hell do you mean ? ''

his grip slackened with his confusion and she was able to step out of his arms , putting several feet between them .

`` i mean , your wonderful staff , who mysteriously come and go , have n't seen the need to do any laundry for me lately . ''

`` they do laundry every day ! ''

he came back .

she was rubbing her arms , feeling sad and pathetic all of a sudden .

she was n't even aware that she was crying .

`` no ! ''

she countered , swinging back to him .

she could n't hold back any longer .

all the loneliness and pain almost chocked her .

`` they do your laundry every day .

they used to do my laundry but since i wo n't sleep with you , i do n't receive the same service .

nor do i get hot coffee , edible food , courteous instructions or even a polite smile every once in a while .

your staff hates me and i ca n't believe i 'm here telling you all of this !

because you 're just a big , evil brute who only wants a son ! ''

she turned away so he would n't see her tears , ashamed that she 'd resorted to such an unladylike outburst .

she 'd wanted to hold out , to not give in to the loneliness that was surrounding her every day .

but seeing him , wanting him like she did but so afraid of giving in to his pursuit , just crushed her resolve .