zayn moved closer , looking at her bowed head and his confusion increased .

`` what the hell are you talking about ?

i see the coffee service waiting for you every morning . ''

she took a deep breath , closing her eyes and trying to regain control of her temper .

`` you 're right .

i 'm being silly .

please excuse me , '' she said and tried to walk by him back into the suite .

she wiped the back of her hands on her cheeks , trying to dry her tears , but his arm reached out and grabbed her , pulling her back so she was facing him .

`` ella , explain what you meant . ''

`` let me go , '' she said softly , gritting her teeth to keep herself from breaking down again .

she 'd overcome worst obstacles in her life , she could get through this one as well .

`` not until you tell me why you 're crying . ''

he reached out and caught one of her tears before it fell , drying her cheek with the rough pad of his thumb .

ella could take anger and rude behavior .

she could take passive-aggressive staff members .

but his tenderness , after weeks of hostility and the constant battle to resist him broke through her defenses .

she could n't fight her need to touch him any longer so when he pulled her close , she let the tears flow , her body shaking as the sobs escaped her too-thin body .

his arms wrapped around her , his large hands caressing her back gently .

`` you 've lost too much weight , ella .

you have to eat something . ''

his words only made her cry harder , her anger and loneliness swamping her and her hands clenched his shirt while her tears dampened the pristine , white fabric .

she felt him lift her into his arms and he cradled her against him while he sat down in one of the chairs , holding her close while the tide of sadness enveloped her .

he rocked her back and forth , his strong arms holding her close while one of his hands moved down her body .

it took a long time , but eventually , her tears subsided and she just lay in his arms , spent and unable to move away from him .

not that she wanted to .

she was so desperate for human kindness , she 'd take anything .

even gentle caresses from a man she knew she should n't trust .

`` what 's going on , ella ? ''

he asked when her hiccups had subsided .

ella sighed , her body too exhausted to do anything more than just lean against him .

`` nothing , '' she replied , wanting to hide her face in his neck and breathe in deeply .

`` obviously something is wrong .

i do n't think i 've ever known you to be this sad .

even when betsy winkle stole your notebooks , then wrote all those nasty things about you and mike burns . ''

she laughed , wishing it did n't sound so much like a giggle .

`` betsy was evil , '' she replied , wiping her cheeks with the back of her hand .

`` so are you going to tell me why you are so sad ?

or are you going to make me find out on my own ? ''

she knew she should get up .

she should get out of his lap but it just felt so nice to be connected to someone .

it had been a long time since she 'd had someone to just laugh with , talk to .

`` i 'm better now . ''

zayn sighed , his arms tightening around her protectively .

`` you 're not better .

apparently i have an inefficient staff who ca n't provide underwear for you , '' he growled .

she giggled again , wishing it were n't so serious .

`` it is n't funny , ella .

i 've been watching that cute butt of yours for weeks as you walk down the hallway and now i find out you do n't have any underwear at all .

do you have any idea what that 's going to do to my concentration ? ''

she chuckled and shook her head .

`` try going a morning without coffee , '' she blurted out , then froze .

he shifted slightly so he could look down at her .

`` what the hell is in the coffee service if there 's no coffee ? ''

he demanded .

ella could actually feel his anger increasing while she laid there in his arms .

`` it 's okay , zayn .

it was hard at first but ... '' his eyes snapped together angrily .

`` at first ?

how long has this been going on ? ''

she sighed and pulled herself up in his lap .

ignoring the large hand that slipped down her satin nightgown to her bottom , she stood up and walked away .

leaning against the railing , she crossed her arms over her chest .

`` the servants are n't happy that i wo n't sleep with you , zayn . ''

`` neither am i , but i do n't sabotage your coffee , '' he growled and stood up .

pacing back and forth , he put his hands on his hips .

`` what else have they been doing besides not doing your laundry and not giving you coffee . ''

she smiled sadly .

`` let 's be clear , zayn .

someone provides coffee every morning .

it just is n't ... '' she searched for a good word , one that would n't fire up his temper even more .