`` it is n't very good coffee . ''

`` what 's that supposed to mean ? ''

he demanded , stopping in front of her and glaring down into her pretty green eyes that never failed to fascinate him .

she cringed and looked at him strangely .

`` i can handle this , '' she said , suddenly feeling much stronger than she had a half hour ago .

it was almost as if her bout of crying had released all the stress and allowed her to see through the confusion to a resolution .

`` what will you do ? ''

he asked gently , moving closer to her .

`` i 'm going to take care of it , '' she replied softly .

she did n't realize that her hand had moved up to his chest until she felt his muscles flex underneath her fingertips .

`` you 're going to let me handle this , '' he countered .

`` you 've been dragged halfway across the world , '' he said as his head dipped lower , `` i will make sure that my household treats you with the respect your title deserves . ''

she did n't have an argument for that since his lips touched hers , sending fire throughout her whole body .

she could n't believe how soft his lips were , how gentle his kiss .

she was n't expecting anything , not sure if he would be demanding or gentle , but this kiss , this sensuousness and excitement was completely sidetracking her resistance .

she wanted to both curl up against him so she could relish the feeling of his lips against hers while at the same time , pull off his clothes and ravish him .

she was n't sure what would happen with either but she certainly was n't prepared for this slow assault on her senses .

they stood there , kissing on the terrace for who knows how long , his mouth slanting against hers over and over again .

she was n't aware of time passing or of the night sky deepening .

all she was aware of was his mouth on hers , his tongue tasting her , of demanding and then giving back the pleasure she craved so desperately .

she knew , deep down , that this was n't right .

that something was missing .

but at the moment , as his mouth touched hers again , she could n't think that anything was wrong .

it was so completely right that she could n't fight him .

would she have been able to fight him if he 'd been less gentle ?

she was n't sure .

he was usually so demanding , so unequivocal in his needs .

but tonight , after crying so hard and fighting against him for what seemed like ages , she did n't have the strength to deny either of them this night .

`` tell me you want this , '' zayn demanded , lifting his head slightly to look down at her .

ella thought about it for only a small moment before she lifted herself higher , her lips catching his once again .

`` i want this right now . ''

`` will you want it tomorrow ? ''

he asked , groaning when she put her hands against his arms .

she did n't want to worry about that at the moment .

`` i do n't know .

let 's just take it one moment at a time . ''

he thought about that for a second before he pulled her up into his arms .

carrying her inside , he set her down in the dimly lit bedroom , right beside the enormous bed that she 'd never slept in .

and she suspected that she would n't be sleeping in it tonight either .

she was n't aware of the belt of her robe coming undone , but she knew the instant her nightgown slipped from her shoulders to pool at her feet .

she 'd lost so much weight that there was nothing to stop it but zayn did n't notice her weight loss so much as he noticed her magnificent nakedness .

`` you 're more beautiful than i remembered , '' he breathed a moment before he took one breast in his mouth , laving the peak and making her squirm in his arms .

when he laid her down on the bed and moved to the other breast , ella could n't believe how much she 'd missed this man , his touch and how he could fire her blood .

`` do n't make me wait , '' she pleaded , her fingers in his hair as she held him there over her .

one leg rose up so it was resting against his hip and she wanted so desperately to lift her hips and find his heat .

but she was trapped under his weight and she could only wiggle slightly .

`` i 've wanted you for too long to take this quickly , '' he told her with his deep , gravelly voice that sent shivers of anticipation through her whole body .

`` we 're going to take this slow and i 'm going to enjoy every moment . ''

`` so are you , '' he promised with a look in his eyes that sent yet another thrill down her body .

ella almost laughed , but at that moment , his leg slipped between hers so he could settle between them .

she could n't help the moan that escaped her lips or the trembling that started when his mouth moved from her breasts down to her stomach .

she wanted this so badly , she was almost climaxing with just his mouth on her stomach .

his fingers and hands were teasing .