his light touch drove her insane with need and she shifted underneath him , telling him without words what she desperately needed .

`` slow next time , '' she gasped when she could n't take his light touch any longer .

too frustrated , she pushed on his shoulders while she sat up , pressing him backwards with a determined expression on her face .

zayn looked up at her as he lay back against the bed .

`` you know i can switch our positions easily , '' he growled .

but then his hands moved up her waist , higher until he was cradling her breasts in each of his hands .

when his thumbs skimmed over her nipples , he smiled mercilessly when she cried out .

what he was n't prepared for was her aggressiveness .

so when she pushed backwards , he was suddenly inside of her , her heat wrapping around him like a hot , wet glove .

for the life of him , he could n't slow down now .

he was exactly where he wanted to be and she felt even better than he remembered .

ella took a deep breath , surprised at how large he was .

as her body slowly adjusted to his size , she felt her shoulder muscles relax , but at the same time , her stomach tightened , her legs clenched his hips and she threw her head back in triumph .

`` think you 're in control , eh ? ''

he teased , but then she started moving , lifting her hips up higher and he pressed his head backwards , his whole body tensed in anticipation of her coming back down , of her heat taking him in again .

when she hesitated at the top , he opened his eyes , about to growl out but his hands took hold of her hips and pulled her back downwards .

she gasped , her palms flat against his chest .

and she lifted herself higher again .

this time , zayn let her have her way , his eyes opened as he watched in fascination as ella discovered her body once again .

and discovered the power she had over him .

the look on her face , the heat in her eyes and the blush staining her chest and cheeks , was so powerfully erotic , he could only lay there , watching her with fascination .

`` okay , you 're in control , '' he said and saw her full , pink lips smile slightly with the power he 'd just given her .

it might kill him , he thought , but what a way to go !

he let his hands slide down her legs , trailing along her bottom and even lower .

when she continued to ride him , her body moving however she wanted , he could barely hang on .

he 'd never seen anyone look as beautiful as ella at this moment .

when he knew he could n't take much more , he slipped his hands higher , his fingers joining in .

when he felt her climax start , he could n't hold back his own .

in one swift move , he picked her up and reversed their positions , taking her scream in his mouth as they both climaxed together .

chapter 10 ella woke up and instantly knew something was wrong .

looking around , she realized that she was alone !

in zayn 's enormous bed , surrounded by cotton sheets so soft they felt like satin , she looked around the room , furious that he would be gone already .

it was barely dawn !

how could he do this again ?

especially after the night they 'd shared .

he 'd made love to her so many times and in so many ways , she was astounded by his endurance and creativity .

she looked around the room , holding the sheet over her nakedness , initially with hope that he was just in the bathroom or coming back to bed , and then with humiliation as her mind absorbed the silence .

he 'd done it to her again !

how could she be so gullible ?

a pair of strong arms , a kind word and she was putty in his hands .

she was also exhausted but she pulled herself out of bed , knowing that she 'd never be able to get back to sleep again .

she was too angry to think about getting back to sleep at this point anyway , her mind calling him every possible name she could think of .

she showered quickly , then dressed in a simple navy suit with slacks this time .

she did n't have an agenda today since she avoided all of her lessons but her mind sifted through the issues she wanted to deal with .

the primary one was discovering who was in charge of the palace staff and finding out how to hire her own servants to help her .

this standoff between herself and the servants was going to end today !

coffee , she told herself .

since it was so early in the morning , the irritating coffee service had n't been delivered yet so she walked down the hallway towards the administrative offices .

she knew where to find her morning coffee now and headed towards the small kitchen .

when she arrived , the offices were eerily quiet .

since it was barely dawn , she knew that most people were probably just making their way out of bed .

she did n't mind though .

it was actually a relief to be able to make her own coffee .

smiling , she absently tapped her platinum wedding ring against the inexpensive coffee cup , thinking through possible action plans .