she heard a noise but thought it might just be the first of the staff coming in for work .

but as she listened to the sounds of the coffee percolating , the other sounds broke into her conscious thoughts , sounds of feet shuffling and mumbling , grew louder and more consistent .

it did n't sound like one or two people arriving to work .

it sounded like an entire crowd of people walking to their desks .

she peered around the kitchen wall , not wanting to be caught but what she saw startled her .

in a single line , she saw the kitchen staff , the maids assigned to zayn 's private suite , the cleaning staff and even the stable hands were all marching into an elaborate , glassed-in conference room .

it looked odd and all of them had a wary expression on their faces .

what was going on ?

the coffee finished and she turned back to pour herself a cup .

she considered just leaving the kitchen and heading back to zayn 's rooms , but her conscience got the better of her and she lifted the pot , found a tray and set several cups onto the tray .

those people all looked rather frazzled so they probably had n't had their morning coffee .

she did n't think they deserved her freshly brewed coffee , but it did n't feel right just leaving them .

this coffee might go to waste anyway depending on what time the administrative staff arrived .

it was so early in the morning that if she left it on the burner , it might just scald the bottom of the pot and the coffee itself , making it undrinkable .

she was carrying the tray out to the conference room , about to offer everyone a cup for whatever meeting was about to start when she heard zayn 's commanding voice .

`` is this everyone ? ''

he asked a man who was standing to his left .

after receiving a positive reply , ella watched through the glass as zayn looked over the group of people , all of them shamefaced for some reason .

`` i 've brought all of you here to demand an explanation for the treatment of my wife over the past few weeks .

it is my understanding that each one of you have sabotaged her stay here in some way , making her life miserable . ''

turning to the chef , he glared at the man .

`` you have created inedible food , almost poisoning her in your efforts at retribution . ''

to the stable man who had brought out that vicious horse , `` and you have endangered her life by bringing brutus as her first horse .

that horse is for me to ride only and you know it .

he 's evil to anyone but me . ''

turning to the others , he said , `` her coffee is undrinkable , her clothes have gone unattended , her meals are ruined , her life put in danger and her emotions toyed with .

all because i brought a woman into your midst that you do n't approve of .

i can not believe each of you would commit treason in such a manner ! ''

as she watched zayn tear into each individual , explaining their `` crimes '' , her heart melted at how angry he was .

and all on her behalf .

the man was a terror , she realized .

this was the man she remembered from her childhood and it warmed places within her that had been cold and in pain for the past six years .

as she watched and listened , ella knew instantly that she 'd fallen in love with this man .

she could n't believe it nor did she have any idea when it had happened , but it was true .

otherwise , she never would have been so hurt by his betrayal that morning six years ago and she never would have been so affected by him over the past few weeks .

it seemed almost ridiculous to think that she could have fallen in love with a man she 'd known for such a short time , but there was n't any other explanation .

it forced her to think about the real reasons why she was so resistant to him .

and the realization made her ashamed .

she 'd fallen so hard for him , but she 'd been alone and scared and now she was getting back at him , exactly as she 'd thought last night before he 'd come into their suite .

she still would have been angry and scared after finding out she was pregnant , alone and unemployed , but that had been as much her fault as it was his .

she could n't blame him for that since he had n't known what was going on .

of course , if he 'd stayed around that morning , or kept in contact with her after their one night , she would have told him of her pregnancy .

it suddenly occurred to her that she 'd been with dorothy that first night after she 'd been fired from the hotel .

her friend had showed up that afternoon to her apartment , following ella home from the hotel .

even if zayn had tried to contact her , she had n't been around .

she 'd been at dorothy 's house with no phone , no contact information , no way for him to discover her whereabouts .

she 'd been living off the radar for months until max was born .

maybe zayn was telling her the truth about trying to contact her , to find her .

maybe he 'd tried for a while but , when there was no trace of her , which there would n't have been because dorothy would n't dare tell anyone where ella had gone , he 'd given up and tried to move on with his life .