she looked at him through the conference room windows , her heart lightening for the first time in a long time .

she could n't believe how nice it was to not be angry with him .

suddenly , the world felt different , brighter , nicer .

kinder and much more exciting !

her eyes focused on the group in the room .

she 'd seen zayn in many different ways , but she honestly could n't say she 'd ever seen him as a ruler .

theoretically , she knew that she was ruler of tusain , but since she had n't been outside of the palace since she 'd arrived , she 'd never seen a demonstration of his authority .

she 'd only seen the side of him that he 'd allowed her to view .

she cringed as she realized she was witnessing his power now .

he might not have been born into this life , but he 'd certainly adapted to his position .

he had those staff members cowering with his anger , not to mention the words he was using were terrifying .

there was a universal gasp as each of the attendees realized what their ruler was saying .

`` i do n't want any excuses or explanations .

i will not charge any of you with treason , but you need to understand why i love this woman .

six years ago , i met a beautiful woman who 's smile warmed my heart and made my anger over my new position go away for one night .

she was sweet and kind and did n't know anything of life .

while i was struggling over my newfound responsibilities and working night and day to resolve so many of the problems of tusain , she was struggling to bring herself out of the slums , out of poverty .

she was putting herself through school , she was working two different jobs so she could afford a place to live that did n't include daily drive-by shootings .

and she was working at a job that was tedious and menial , but she was doing an outstanding job at it .

she 'd even lied on her application in order to get that job . ''

ella did n't know how he 'd learned some of that , but her heart swelled with love for the man who was defending her so righteously .

`` she got pregnant after one night with me but even as an eighteen year old , out in the world with no job , no future and no hope , she did n't give up our child .

she somehow figured out a way to give birth to your future ruler , my son ! ''

his voice was soft and dangerous now and everyone in the room knew of his fury , could feel it emanating and wafting among them .

`` as soon as i found out , i married her , brought her and my son here even over her protests .

the woman was offered a role as my wife which i thought would include living in luxury , never again worrying about where her next meal would be or how she would pay the rent or feed our son .

she begged me to just leave her and max back in the united states .

she did n't want this life .

she wanted to go on living and working as she had before but i would n't allow it .

so what did i do ?

i packed both of them up and shipped them to my home , only to dump her into a hellish , hostile environment .

all of you have dishonored me .

i am ashamed to have given you a job and refuge under my name but you are all terminated as of this moment . ''

`` no ! ''

ella gasped , standing outside the conference room , still holding the tray containing the coffee pot and cups .

she realized that her arms were aching from holding the tray for so long but she rushed into the conference room , setting the tray down on the table before turning to face zayn .

`` you ca n't fire them , '' she told him firmly .

`` what are you doing here ? ''

he demanded , pulling her close and tucking her under his arm , protecting her with his body as well as his name .

and she loved him even more for that show of support .

`` i come here to get coffee each morning , '' she whispered , trying to soothe his anger but her statement only increased his ire .

turning to the maid who delivered the coffee service each morning , he glared at her and ella felt horrible for the woman who shrunk down , cringing in the face of zayn 's formidable wrath .

`` you ca n't fire them , zayn , '' she whispered , looking up into his dark , terrifying eyes .

`` give me one good reason why i should n't . ''

he looked down at her , then back at the crowd who were all shivering with fear .

she turned to face him , putting a hand to the middle of his chest .

`` because i think i understand why they were doing this to me . ''

`` it does n't matter why , they dishonored me and my name .

they dishonored everything that i have been working for . ''

she soothed him by stepping closer , giving him a gentle hug .

`` i know .

but understand their motives .

they were actually protecting you . ''

before he could interrupt her again , she shook her head gently .

`` they knew i was n't ... '' how did she say this delicately , `` acting completely as your wife , '' she finally replied with a painful blush .