he looked at his nanny , then back to his father with his head shaking .

`` she said you might like a flower instead , '' he replied , and opened his hand to reveal a crushed , white rose .

`` i guess i messed it up when i heard you wanted to make a sister for me . ''

he looked at his father , scrunching up his nose .

`` i do n't really like girls . ''

zayn stared at his son for a long moment , then burst out laughing .

`` i 'm going to quote you on that in a few years , '' he said .

`` we 'll take him to breakfast , '' he said to ms. miller who was standing behind the doors to the conference room .

the three of them walked down the hallway , listening to max chat about what was coming up today .

ella walked next to zayn , his free arm wrapped around her waist and her head resting against his strong shoulder .

`` thank you , '' she whispered , not wanting to interrupt max , but wanting to let zayn know how grateful she was to him for ... just being himself .

`` i love you .

truly i do , '' she whispered .

she knew that he heard her because he squeezed her waist slightly as they walked to the dining room .

throughout the entire , delicious meal , she kept peeking at zayn and feeling a warm glow when she found him staring right back at her .

yes , life would be better now , she thought with happiness surrounding her .

prologue your majesty : i am sorry to ask you for advice but i have no one to turn to at this point .

i have used up all of my resources trying to resolve the situation but nothing has fixed the problem .

i am imposing upon your letter of years ago where you offered help raising electra after her father 's untimely death .

simply put , the child is out of control .

she is running with the wrong crowd and , as she reaches her teen years , i fear for her safety and her future .

if her father were around , i would trust that he would know how to stop her dangerous behavior .

but since his death five years ago , electra has just become more and more unmanageable .

i understand that she is hurting from the loss of her last parent , but i ca n't seem to get through to her and teach her to stop .

in my old age , i fear i am unable to provide more than love and kisses , which is n't up to the task any longer .

any advice would be wonderful .

sincerely , edna knight electra 's grandmother `` you called , father ? ''

dharran rashid abbas , sheik of sandura asked as he walked into his father '' s private study .

`` yes , '' the king said weakly .

`` sit down , '' he waved to a chair beside his bed .

dharr immediately sat down , pulling the blanket higher over his father '' s chest , the worry eating into him while he maintained a calm exterior for his father '' s benefit .

`` read this , '' the king said , handing the letter to dharr .

dharr read through the words quickly , then glanced at his father .

`` this is your ward ?

the girl you have been caring forsince the incident ? ''

`` yes .

the bullet was meant for me but her father selflessly dove in front of me , protecting me at the cost of his own life . ''

no expression came over dharr '' s face , but the assassination attempt had dramatically changed his way of looking at security issues .

`` the mother died years earlier , correct ? ''

`` that '' s correct .

it will be up to you to ensure for this girl '' s safety now . ''

dharr suppressed the horror that his father '' s words provoked inside him .

he shook his head confidently .

`` no father , you will survive this bout just as you have all the others .

you need to have hope and be strong . ''

the king smiled wanly but then became serious again .

`` you owe her your life as well .

without the sacrifice of her father , you would have been king years ago .

now that you have had time , you are ready to carry on the throne .

you are strong and powerful which would not have been the case if i had died that time.her father '' s sacrifice allowed me more time to guide you and teach you about the world and ruling our kingdom . ''

`` you are still strong , '' dharr commanded sternly as if the force of his voice could make it so .

the king took his son '' s hand earnestly , wanting to make sure the responsibility was understood .

`` listen , my son .

you must protect this girl as i have done .

she is now your ward .

she has only her grandmother .

there is money being sent for her care every month but if she ever needs anything else , you must ensure that she is cared for and protected . ''

`` i will see to it , father , '' dharr said immediately .

`` the grandparents are very nice , but are also older than i am .

they can '' t be expected to turn this wild child into a presentable adult .

it will be up to you .