tilting her neck on the foam headrest , she thought about her talk with kristi the day before .

she hated to admit it , but she knew she had a choice to make .

she either had to let go of pesh , or she had to make things official with him .

they could n't just keep dating and hooking up ... or was it just hooking up ?

with a frustrated groan , she shifted in the tub , sloshing the water around .

closing her eyes , she tried to search her heart for how she truly felt .

no man had ever made her feel like felt with pesh , and that could be said both inside and out of the bedroom .

gazing down at her pruning fingers , she knew it was time to get out of the tub .

she could stay there for days and still not have the answer she so desperately sought .

after she toweled off and wrapped herself in her terry cloth robe , she went out into the bedroom .

as she threw on a fresh pair of pajama pants and a t-shirt , she noticed it was awfully quiet in the living room .

wondering what mason and pesh could be doing , she ducked out of the bedroom .

the sight across from her on the couch made her chest clench with emotion .

reaching up , she clutched her t-shirt over her heart , trying to still some of the ache that burned there .

with the strains of despicable me playing in the background , pesh lay on his back with mason on top of him .

her son 's face was snuggled into pesh 's chest , and he was sound asleep .

they both were .

pesh 's face was tilted down , his nose pressed into the strands of mason 's hair .

before she could harden herself to the emotions coursing through her , tears stung her eyes .

in that moment , she allowed herself to fantasize that this was truly her life .

she had a loving husband who adored her , and her son had an attentive and doting father .

what more could she ask for in life ?

in those minutes of weakness , she wondered why she had been fighting pesh so hard about a relationship .

besides her own happiness , there was nothing more in the world that she wanted than for mason to be safe and happy .

as she came crashing back to reality , she saw things clearly for the first time in a long time .

pesh had been so worried about her that he 'd driven over just to check on her .

she 'd never had a boyfriend who cared about her that much , and no matter how hard she searched in the future , she was probably never going to find another man like pesh .

there were so many things about him that she liked ... maybe even loved .

he made her want to get up in the mornings , so she could see him at work .

she found herself anxiously checking her phone to see if she had a text from him .

she loved spending time with him .

but it was more than just the feelings that pesh felt for her or that she felt for him-it was the fact that he cared so much about her son .

they were a package deal for any future man , and he had willingly embraced that fact without complaint .

on shaky legs , she walked over to the couch .

as she stood over the two of them , she could n't help reaching out her hand and tenderly touching pesh 's cheek .

he stirred at the contact .

when his eyelids fluttered open , she smiled at him .

`` hi . ''

his gaze spun around the room like he was trying hard to remember where he was .

when he glanced down at mason , realization washed over his face .

`` sorry .

i did n't mean to fall asleep . ''

`` it 's okay .

i 'm sure you needed it .

besides , i took too long in the tub . ''

he smiled .

`` i would argue that you need it as well . ''

bending over , she slid her hand under mason 's stomach while the other went under his legs .

she hoisted him up and into her arms .

when he whimpered , she murmured , `` shh , mommy 's going to put you to bed . ''

`` night , night , pesh , '' mason mumbled drowsily .

`` good night , little man , '' pesh replied .

once she had tucked mason in and kissed his cheek , she closed his bedroom door and returned to the living room .

pesh sat hunched over on the edge of one of the couch cushions , as if he were planning to leave as soon as she came back .

`` is he okay ? ''

he asked .

she nodded .

`` out like a light the moment i put him down . ''

`` good . ''

when he started to stand up , she pushed him back down on the couch .

easing down onto his lap , she wrapped her arms around his neck .

he brought his hand up to rub lazy circles over her back .

she did n't speak for a few minutes .

instead , she just enjoyed being close to him , the feel of his hand on her , his strong , muscled thighs beneath her .

`` thank you for coming over tonight . ''

his brows rose in surprise .

`` are you sure ?

i was afraid i was overstepping my bounds . ''