he then turned and strode out of the bedroom .

pesh stole a glance at megan who appeared to be processing aidan 's words .

`` come on , we better get back out there before they send someone else , '' she finally said .

with a smile , he took her hand and led her down the hall .

when they got back to the dining room , everyone glanced expectantly at them .

even though he knew he should n't , pesh blurted , `` we 're engaged ! ''

he did n't have time to worry about megan 's anger about him blabbing because he realized she had said it at the same time he had .

cheers went up over the room , and he was hugged and kissed by megan 's aunts .

when megan 's father , paul , stood before him , pesh felt like he 'd been kicked in the groin .

`` mr. mckenzie , i apologize .

i intended to come to you and ask for megan 's hand-to show respect to you and your wife .

i 'm so sorry . ''

paul shook his head and smiled .

`` please do n't apologize .

i 'm just grateful that she 's met such a wonderful man who will be a good husband to her and a good father to mason . ''

`` i swear to you that i will . ''

he and paul shook hands to seal the vow .

in the absence of champagne , wine was poured to celebrate .

at the head of the table , patrick held up his glass .

`` to my granddaughter and the good doctor , i give you an irish marriage blessing .

'may god be with you and bless you .

may you see your children 's children .

may you be poor in misfortunes and rich in blessings .

may you know nothing but happiness from this day forward . ' ''

he smiled .

`` to megan and pesh . ''

the others raised their glasses .

once pesh tasted the rich bouquet of the wine , he leaned over and kissed megan .

he did n't even mind the cat-calls and whistling-he was too happy to care .

chapter twenty-one standing in front of the lighted hotel mirror , megan surmised her appearance .

it was the first time she had n't been encircled by pesh 's mother , sister , and aunts since she had stepped inside the suite an hour ago .

when she had agreed to an indian engagement party , she had n't quite known what she was getting into .

she thought it would just be a great way to get their friends and family together .

she did n't know that pesh 's family did n't do anything on a modest scale .

without her input , the plaza ballroom of the ritz carlton in atlanta had been booked .

when she had dared a peek inside earlier , it had been transformed into something out of a bollywood movie .

she had wanted to honor pesh 's culture by dressing just as a true indian prospective bride would , so she had gone sari shopping with lavani and shveta .

what she had n't bet on was how gorgeously intricate the outfit would be .

now as she gazed at herself in the mirror , she was almost blinded by the glittering stones and beading on the deep purple and gold sari .

the outfit put even the blingiest miss america pageant dress to shame .

the top part was sleeveless , and it ended just below her br**sts .

while the front part appeared to be plain satin , the back was encrusted in beading and gems .

the skirt , with its beaded waistband , started just beneath her belly button and fell to the floor in the most exquisite silky material .

it was hard imagining she was going to be baring her mid-drift , as was the fashion of the sari .

thankfully , she had a jewel encrusted drape that slung across one of her shoulders and down one side .

earlier after one of pesh 's aunts had done her makeup , lavani and shveta did her hair .

the long strands were swept back and pinned on the side in loose curls .

a gorgeous purple orchid adorned the curls .

all that was missing from her ensemble was the jewelry that pesh 's family had requested that she wear .

apparently , it was all heirloom pieces and kept in a safe at a bank .

although the necklace and earrings were to come , her arms were heavy laden with bangle bracelets that lavani and shveta had put on her .

they both had tears in their eyes when they finished .

`` you look absolutely breathtaking , my dear , '' lavani said .

megan smiled .

`` thank you .

and thank you so much for making tonight happen . ''

lavani cupped her cheek .

`` i look forward to seeing many happy years between you and my alpesh .

i 'm grateful that you make him so happy .

it had been so long since i had seen a light in his eyes .

but when you came into his life , you brought back that light . ''

at lavani 's words , megan felt tears stinging her eyes .

`` thank you , '' she murmured .

when she felt like she could speak without crying , she brought her hands together as if she were praying and then bowed her head as was the sign of respect in pesh 's culture .

`` i want you to know that before pesh , i was in darkness , too .

he has become my light as well .

i can assure you that i will spend the rest of my life honoring him and making him happy .