he wore an amused smile as he held his cappuccino cup in midair .

`` orgasmically good , '' she replied .

he chuckled .

`` i 'm glad you 're enjoying them . ''

`` i 'm going to gain ten pounds while we 're here , '' she replied .

as she dabbed her mouth with her napkin , she sighed with absolute contentment .

gazing around the tiny parisian cafe , she fought the urge to pinch herself .

was she actually in paris on her honeymoon ?

when pesh had asked her where she wanted to go , there was only one place .

although it was somewhat cliched for a honeymoon destination , she had always wanted to see the city .

and because she was marrying a man who loved to spoil her , pesh had booked them for a week 's stay at the hotel plaza athenee .

not only had he chosen the hotel for its gorgeous views of the eiffel tower , but it was also where carrie bradshaw stayed when she was in paris .

it seems pesh completely understood megan 's love for sex and the city .

their first day in the city had been spent in their hotel room .

a combination of jetlag and lust had kept them na**d and in bed , stopping only for room service and showers .

today they had pried themselves away from the room to go sightseeing .

`` are you ready to go back to the hotel ? ''

pesh asked .

`` maybe . ''

with a teasing grin , she asked , `` are you tired and want to rest ? ''

desire pooled in pesh 's dark eyes .

`` no , i do n't want to rest .

i want you to model what you bought this afternoon . ''

her gaze left his to go down to the pink and black bag at her feet .

part of their sightseeing had turned into shopping , in which she bought some very racy lingerie .

although she was enjoying her day out in the city , she was also itching to put on the outfit and get back in bed with pesh .

`` then let 's go , '' she said .

pesh certainly did n't need any more convincing .

digging in his pocket , he took out his wallet and threw a wad of euros on the table .

then he popped out of seat like a jack-in-the-box .

she had to snatch up her purse and bag to keep up with him before he sprinted out the door and into the sunshine .

as she passed the colorful flowers in bloom outside the cafe , they transported her back to her wedding .

it had been a perfect , cloudless day when she stood with pesh in the rose garden at her papa 's house .

to her , he had never looked more handsome than in his black tux that fit his built frame like a second skin .

since she was the master of party planning , megan had enlisted emma 's help in getting the quickie wedding done .

even with newborn caroline to tend to , emma had gone above and beyond any expectations megan had .

tears had stung her eyes when she first caught sight of the garden as she , on her father 's arm , made her way from the house to the ceremony .

white chairs draped with blue silk bunting lined the garden in rows while a tent had been erected to the side of the makeshift altar .

next to the chairs , votive candles lit the way up the aisle that was adorned in multicolored rose petals .

emma , casey , and two of her best friends from childhood stood at the altar in their cornflower blue bridesmaid dresses .

pesh , along with his brothers and aidan , wore blue vests with their tuxes .

a string quartet struck up the bridal march to herald her arrival .

she would never , ever forget the feeling of walking up the aisle to pesh .

his loving gaze took her in , and she felt like the princess she had always wanted to be on her wedding day .

her dress was almost like what a disney princess might wear-a long train , a full ball gown , a bodice encrusted with pearls and sequins , and then a glittering tiara holding her veil in place .

the entire world seemed to evaporate when pesh took her hand in his .

he was her only focus .

she barely heard the words the priest spoke or the lyrics of the song that emma sang .

she just stared at her soon-to-be husband-the man who made her believe in romance and true love .

she was so lost in thoughts of her wedding day that she accidentally mowed into a woman .

`` excuse me , '' she apologized .

the woman scowled at her while cursing at megan in french .

well , megan imagined it was cursing since she did n't speak french .

`` where is that head of yours ? ''

pesh asked , with a smile .

`` thinking of our wedding day , '' she replied .

his smile grew broader at her response , and in the middle of a crowded street , he stopped to kiss her .

while it was somewhat chaste and full of more love than lust , it did hold a promise of what was to come later on .

he ended it far sooner than she would like .

`` let 's hurry , '' he replied .

she giggled before breaking into a slight run towards the hotel .

he followed her example .

by the time they pushed through the revolving doors into the lobby , they were both breathless .