like two mischievous kids , they raced to the elevators .

once inside , they wrapped their arms around each other and kissed passionately until the door dinged open .

they pulled apart long enough to get down the hall and into their suite .

when the door closed behind them , pesh pulled her to him , bestowing a lingering kiss on her lips .

as he ravaged her mouth , his tongue darted inside to tease along hers .

when she felt his evident desire poking into her stomach , she broke the kiss .

at his groan , she shook her head .

`` not yet .

i have to get dressed . ''

`` next time , '' he muttered .

pushing out of his arms , she grinned up at him .

`` i 'll be back in just a second .

you get ready . ''

`` oh , i 'll be ready .

that 's a promise . ''

she laughed and then practically skipped into the bathroom .

once she closed and locked the door , she sat the bag down and dug inside .

after she decided what to wear , she laid them out on the counter , and then started taking off her clothes .

when she was naked , she reached for the lingerie .

the tight bodice was solid black with pink ribbons that wove through making intricate designs .

it pushed her br**sts up and over the cups , making her appear to have far more cle**age than she was blessed with .

the black and pink panties were lace and practically see through .

on her legs , she slid black silk stockings that had pink bows at the tops of her thighs .

as she fluffed out her hair , she could n't help gazing in the mirror .

she looked quite the sexpot , which she hoped pleased pesh .

well , she knew it would please pesh .

the man was ravenous for her , something for which she was very thankful .

not quite the polite gentleman she had expected when she first met him , that was for sure .

megan opened the bathroom door .

across the room , pesh stood gazing out the window , stripped down to his boxer shorts .

when she cleared her throat , he jerked his head to stare at her .

slowly , she walked out of the bathroom .

her eyes stayed on him .

a shiver rippled through her as he tracked her every move .

when she finally stood before him , it took less than a second for him to pounce on her .

his hands grabbed her by the waist , jerking her flush against him .

his mouth bore down on hers in a frantic kiss as he ground his c**k between her legs .

breathless , she pulled away to gaze up at him .

`` does this mean you like the lingerie ? ''

`` oh hell yes , i do .

i think we 're going to have to go back and get you some more . ''

she laughed .

`` more shopping ?

you wo n't hear me say no to that . ''

bending over , pesh brought his arm under her knees and then lifted her up .

she felt so light in his arms as he walked her over to the bed and gently deposited her on the mattress .

as he loomed over her , her heartbeat sped up in anticipation the sensual delicacies she was about to experience .

tugging on the straps of the bodice , he bared her br**sts .

his mouth hovered over her nipple , breathing warm air onto the cool tip .

it puckered under his attention before his tongue darted out and flicked it .

`` mmm , '' she murmured , her fingers tightening in his hair .

making slow circles around her nipple , pesh continued his teasing assault .

arching her back , she gripped the strands of his hair tighter , willing him to take her nipple in his whole mouth .

finally , he obliged her , sucking the hardened peak into his mouth .

while he gave oral attention to one breast , his hand palmed and stroked the other .

as the heat and moisture built in her core , megan began sawing her legs back and forth .

the friction eased her a little , but she wanted pesh 's fingers , tongue , and dick there more than anything .

over the fabric of her bodice , he kissed down her stomach .

just as he reached the juncture between her legs , he bypassed it and began kissing and licking the exposed skin on her upper thighs .

she groaned in protest .

he gazed up at her with a teasing smile .

`` did you want me to kiss you somewhere else ? ''

raising her hips , she replied , `` you know where i want you-where i want all of you . ''

`` patience , my love . ''

`` oh really ? ''

she muttered .

with one quick movement , she was out from underneath him in a flash .

surprise filled his face as she flipped him over onto his back and straddled him once again .

raking her fingernails down his chest , she stopped just at the waistband of his boxers .

as his breath hitched , her hands went to his thighs , scraping a trail up the exposed skin to his dick .

his h*ps bucked up , causing her to smile .

`` oh , did you want me to touch you somewhere else ? ''

with a growl , he gripped her by the ass and forced her onto her knees .

he slid down the mattress to where her core was right at his mouth .