 - Sandwich Day - This is the fourteenth episode of the second season of 30 rock and the thirty-fiveth episode of the overall series. - robert carlock, - jack burditt, - the episode was directed by one of the producers of the series, don scardino. It was the fourteenth episode of the second season of 30 Rock, and the thirty-fiveth episode of the series overall. It was first broadcast on the same day on the national network in the United States.'Sandwich Day' is the guest of the episode by Don Scardino, a guest of the series. This episode was directed by one of the producers, don scardino, 'the guest star was bill cwikowski, brian dennehy, marceline hugot, johnnie may, jason sudeikis, miriam tolan, and rip torn. He was a guest of the episode from Don Scardino, and the guest was Bill cwikowski, brian dennehy, marceline hugot, Johnnie May, Jason sudeikis, miriam tolan, and rip torn. This episode was directed by Don Scardino, a guest of the show. It was the fourteenth episode of the second season of 30 Rock and the thirty-fiveth episode of the overall series. It was the fourteenth episode of the second season of 30 Rock, and the thirty-fiveth episode of the overall series. It was the fourteenth episode of the second season of 30 Rock, and the thirty-fiveth episode of the overall series. This episode began with the episode "The Sandwich Day," which began with the annual evening program by Tishar, "Florence of the tgs, with the fictional sketch comedy "Titshar"; Liza's ex, @ "Titshar," - avenged his absence, - a call from her ex-wife, floyd (Jean sudeikis) asking for a room to live; tracy jordan (tracy morgan), jenna maroney (jane krakowski) and the tgs writers attempt to procure a new sandwich for Liza; jack donaghy (Alexander baldwin) discusses his future with general electric. The episode was a guest of Don Scardino’s. It was the fourteenth episode of the second season of 30 Rock and the thirty-fiveth episode of the series. The episode began with “The Sandwich Day,” which began with Tishar’s annual evening program, “Florence of the Thugs,” with the fictional comedy, “Titshar,” avenging his absence. The cries of Liza’s ex, tracy jordan (tracy morgan), jenna maroney (jane krakowski), and the team of the thugs are trying to get Liza a new sandwich; jack donaghy (Alexander baldwin) is pondering his future with general electric. This episode was directed by Don Scardino, and the guest was Bill cwikowski, brian dennehy, marceline hugot, Johnnie May, Jason sudeikis, miriam tolan, and rip torn. It was the fourteenth episode of the second season of 30 Rock, and the thirty-fiveth episode of the overall series. This episode began with the episode “The Sandwich Day,” which began with Tishar’s annual evening show, the Florence of the Thugs, with a fictional sketch comedy, Tishar, where Liza’s ex, at Tishar’s expense, avenged his absence, and came upon a letter from her ex-wife, floyd (Jean sudeikis), asking for a room to live in; tracey jordan (tracy morgan), jenna maroney (jane krakowski), and the Thugs writers try to obtain Liza’s new sandwich; jack donaghy (Alexander baldwin) speaks of his future with general electric. This episode was a guest of Don Scardino, and the guest was Bill cwikowski, Brian Dennehy, Marc-line hugot, Johnnie May, Jason-Secrets, and Miriam Tolan. This episode was a guest of Don Scardino, and it was the fourteenth episode of the second season of 30 Rock and the thirty-fiveth episode of the overall series. This episode was the fourteenth episode of the second season of 30 Rock and the thirty-fiveth episode of the overall series. The episode began with the episode "The Sandwich Day," which began with Tishar's annual evening program, Florence of the Thugs, with a fictional comedy called "Titshar"; Liza's ex, in his place, "Titshar", avenged his absence, and came upon a letter from her ex-wife, floyd (Jean sudeikis) asking for a room; floyd (Jean sudeikis) and the Thugs writers attempt to get Liza's new sandwich; jack donaghy (Alexander baldwin) contemplates his future with general electric. This episode was the guest of Don Scardino, and the guest was Bill cwikowski, brian dennehy, marceline hugot, Johnnie May, Jason sudeikis, miriam tolan, and rip-t. This episode was the fourteenth episode of the second season of 30 Rock and the thirty-fiveth episode of the series. It was the fourteenth episode of the second season of 30 Rock and the thirty-fiveth episode of the series. This episode began with the episode "The Sandwich Day", which began with Tishar's annual evening show, the Florence of the Thugs, with the fictional comedy Tishar, where Liza's ex, at Tishar's expense, avenged his absence, and came upon a letter from her ex-wife, floyd (Jean sudeikis), asking for a room; tracy jordan (tracy morgan), jenna maroney (jane krakowski), and the thugs writers try to procure Liza's new sandwich; jack donaghy (Alexander This is the fourteenth episode of the second season of 30 Rock and the thirty-fiveth episode of the overall series. This episode was a guest of Don Scardino, and the guest was Bill cwikowski, Brian Dennehy, Marc-line hugot, Johnnie May, Jason-Secrets, and Miriam Tolan. This is the fourteenth episode of the second season of 30 Rock and the thirty-fiveth episode of the overall series. This is the fourteenth episode of the second season of 30 Rock and the thirty-fiveth episode of the overall series. This episode began with the annual evening show of Tishar, the fictional comedy Tishar, where Liza's ex avenged his absence and came upon a letter from her ex-wife, floyd (Jean sudeikis), asking for a room; floyd (Jean sudeikis) and the thugs writers attempt to obtain Liza's new sandwich; jack donaghy (Alexander baldwin) thinks over his future electric. This episode was a guest of Don Scardino, and the guest was Bill cwikowski, brian dennehy, marceline hugot, Johnnie May, Jason sudeikis, miriam tolan, and rip-t. This episode was a guest of Don Scardino, and the guest was Bill cwikowski, Brian Dennehy, marceline hugot, Johnnie May, Jason sudeikis, miriam tolan, and rip-t. The episode began with the episode "The Sandwich Day," which began with Tishar's annual evening show, the Florence of the thugs, with the fictional comedy Tishar, where Liza's ex, at Tishar's expense, avenged his absence, and found a letter from her ex-wife, floyd (Jean sudeikis) asking for a room; floyd (Jean sudeikis) and the thugs writers tried to obtain Liza's new sandwich; jack donaghy (Alexander baldwin) ponders his future with electric. This episode was a guest of Don Scardino, and the guest The episode was the guest of Don Scardino, and the guest was Bill cwikowski, brian dennehy, marceline hugot, Johnnie May, Jason sudeikis, miriam tolan. This episode was the guest of Don Scardino, and the guest was Bill cwikowski, brian dennehy, marceline hugot, Johnnie May, Jason sudeikis, miriam tolan and rip-t, and it was the fourteenth episode of the second season of 30 Rock and the thirty-fiveth episode of the overall series. This episode was the fourteenth episode of the second season of 30 Rock and the thirty-fiveth episode of the overall series. It was the fourteenth episode of the second season of 30 Rock and the thirty-fiveth episode of the overall series. This episode was a guest of Don Scardino, and the guest was Bill cwikowski, brian dennehy, brian dennehy, Johnnie May, Jason sudeikis, miriam tolan, and rip-t. The episode began with the annual evening show of 30 Rock, the fictional comedy Tishar, where Liza's ex, at Tishar's expense, avenged his absence and found a letter from her ex-wife, floyd (Jean sudeikis), asking for a room; floyd (Jean sudeikis) and the thugs writers attempt to obtain Liza's new sandwich; jack donaghy (Alexander baldwin) talks about his future electric. This episode was the guest of Don Scardino, and the guest was Bill cwikowski, brian dennehy, marceline hugot, Johnnie May, Jason sudeikis, miriam tolan, and rip-t. This episode was the guest of Don Scardino, and the guest was Bill cwikowski, brian dennehy, marceline hugot, Johnnie May, Jason sudeikis, miriam tolan, and rip-t. This episode was a guest of Don Scardino, and the guest was Don cwi This episode was a guest of Don Scardino, and the guest was Bill cwikowski, brian dennehy, marceline hugot, Johnnie May, Jason sudeikis, miriam tolan. This episode was a guest of Don Scardino, and the guest was Bill cwikowski, brian dennehy, marceline hugot, Johnnie May, Jason sudeikis, miriam tolan, and a guest of Don Scardino. This episode was the fourteenth episode of the second season of 30 Rock, and the thirty-fiveth episode of the overall series. This episode was the fourteenth episode of the second season of 30 Rock and the thirty-fiveth episode of the overall series. It was the fourteenth episode of the second season of 30 Rock and the thirty-fiveth episode of the overall series. This episode was the guest of Don Scardino, and the guest was Bill cwikowski, brian dennehy, marceline hugot, Johnnie May, Jason sudeikis, and miriam tolan. This episode was the guest of Don Scardino, and the guest was Bill cwikowski, brian dennehy, marceline hugot, Johnnie May, Jason sudeikis, and rip-t. This episode was the guest of Don Scardino, and the guest was Bill cwikowski, brian dennehy, marceline hugot, Johnnie May, Jason sudeikis, and rip-t. This episode was the guest of Don Scardino, and the guest was Bill cwikowski, brian dennehy, marceline hugot, Johnnie May, Jason sudeikis, and rip-t. This episode was the guest of Don Scardino, and the guest was Bill cwikowski, brian dennehy, marceline hugot, Johnnie May, Jason sudeikis, and rip-t. This episode was the guest of Don Scardino, and the guest was Bill cwikowski, brian dennehy, marceline hugo “Dear Sir, I’ve been appointed as the new deputy director for crisis and weather. ” ‘Dear sir, I have been appointed deputy director of emergency and weather.’ This episode was filmed on April 1, 2008... This episode was the fourth episode, it was the seventh episode, fred carlock... - Dear sir, I have been appointed deputy director of emergency and weather.''Dear sir, I have been appointed deputy director of emergency and weather.' This episode was filmed on April 1, 2008. - Jason sudeikis, who played floyd in this episode, was in the main cast of Saturday night live, a weekly sketch comedy show that airs on nbc in the united states. Tina fey was the head writer of Saturday night live from 1999 to 2006. Various other cast members of Saturday night live have appeared on thirty rock shows, including rachel dratch, fred armisen, kristen wiig, will forte, jimmy fallon, amy poehler, will ferrell, julia louis @ dreyfus, bill hader, tim meadows, andy samberg, chris parnell and molly shannon. I am appointed deputy director of emergency and weather.” “Dear Sir, I have been appointed deputy director of emergency and weather.” This episode was filmed on April 1, 2008. Tina fey was the head writer of Saturday night live, from 1999 to 2006. Tina fey was the head writer of Saturday night live, from 1999 to 2006. Tina fey was also the head writer of Saturday night live, from 1999 to 2006. Various other cast members of Saturday night live have appeared on thirty rock shows, including rachel dratch, fred armisen, kristen wiig, will forte, jimmy fallon, amy poehler, will ferrell, julia louis, dreyfus, bill hader, tim meadows, andy samberg, and molly shannon. Tina fey and tracy morgan have both been part of the main cast of saturday night. ‘Dear sir, I’ve been appointed deputy director of the petty policing’. Tina fey was the head writer of the petty policing team from 1999 to 2006. Tina fey was also the head writer of the petty policing team from 1999 to 2006. Tina fey was also the head writer of the petty policing team from 1999 to 2006. Tina fey and Trane Morgan were both in the main cast of Saturday night live. This episode was the fourth episode, the seventh episode, and fred carlock. ‘Dear Sir, I have been appointed deputy director of the policing team.’ ‘Dear Sir, I have been appointed deputy director of the policing team.’ ‘Dear Sir, I have been appointed deputy director of the policing team.’ Tina fey was the head writer of Saturday night live, from 1999 to 2006. Various other cast members of Saturday night live have appeared on thirty rock shows, including rachel dratch, fred armisen, kristen wiig, will forte, jimmy fallon, amy poehler, will ferrell, julia louis, dreyfus, bill hader, Tim Meadows, andy samberg, and molly shannon. Tina fey was the head writer of Saturday night, from 1999 to 2006. Tina fey was the head writer of Saturday night, from 1999 to 2006. Tina fey was the head writer of Saturday night, from 1999 to 2006. Tina fey was the head writer of Saturday night, from 1999 to 2006. Tina fey was the head writer of Saturday night, from 1999 to 2006. Various other cast members of Saturday night have appeared on thirty rock shows, including rachel dratch, fred armisen, kristen wiig, will forte, jimmy fallon, amy poehler, will ferrell, julia louis, dreyfus, bill hader, Tim Meadows, and andy samberg, and molly shannon. Tina fey was the head writer of Saturday night from 1999 to 2006. Various other cast members of Saturday night appeared on thirty rock shows, including rachel dratch, fred armisen, kristen wiig, will forte, julia fallon, amy poehler, will ferrell, julia louis, dreyfus, bill hader, Tim Meadows, and molly shannon. “Dear sir, I have been appointed deputy director of the police department.” “Dear sir, I have been appointed deputy director of the police department.” This episode was filmed on April 1, 2008. “Dear sir, I have been appointed deputy director of the police department.” “Dear sir, I have been appointed deputy director of the police department.” “Dear sir, I have been appointed deputy director of the police department.” This episode was filmed on April 1, 2008. “Dear sir, I have been appointed deputy director of police.” “Dear sir, I have been appointed deputy director of police.” “Dear sir, I have been appointed deputy director of police.” “Dear sir, I have been appointed deputy director of police.” Tina fey was the head writer of Saturday night, from 1999 to 2006. Tina fey was the head writer of Saturday night, from 1999 to 2006. Tina fey was the head writer of Saturday night from 1999 to 2006. Various other cast members of Saturday night appeared on thirty rock shows, including rachel dratch, fred armisen, kristen wiig, will forte, jimmy fallon, amy poehler, will ferrell, julia louis, dreyfus, bill hader, tim meadows, andy samberg, and molly shannon. Tina fey was the head writer of Saturday night from 1999 to 2006. Various other cast members of Saturday night appeared on thirty rock shows, including rachel dratch, fred armisen, kristen wiig, will forte, julia fallon, amy poehler, will ferrell, julia louis, dreyfus, bill hader, Tim Meadows, and molly shannon. This episode was filmed on April 1, 2008. Tina fey was the head writer of Saturday night, from 1999 to 2006. Other cast members of Saturday night appeared on thirty rock shows, including rachel dratch, fred armisen, kristen wiig, will forte, julia fallon, amy poehler, will ferrell, julia louis, dreyfus, bill hader, Tim Meadows, and molly shannon. Tina fey was the head writer of Saturday night, from 1999 to 2006. “Dear Sir, I have been appointed director of police.” “Dear Sir, I have been appointed director of police.” “Dear Sir, I have been appointed director of police.” “Dear Sir, I have been appointed director of police.” Tina fey was the director of police from 1999 to 2006. Tina fey was the director of police from 1999 to 2006. Tina fey was the director of police from 1999 to 2006. Tina fey was the director of police from 1999 to 2006. Tina fey was the director of police from 1999 to 2006. Various other men of Saturday night appeared on thirty rock shows, including rachel dratch, fred armisen, kristen wiig, will forte, julia fallon, amy poehler, will ferrell, julia louis, dreyfus, bill hader, Tim Meadows, and molly shannon. Tina fey was the director of police from 1999 to 2006. Various other men of Saturday night appeared on thirty rock shows, including rachel dratch, fred armisen, kristen wiig, will forte, julia fallon, amy poehler, will ferrell, julia louis, dreyfus, bill hader, Tim Meadows, and molly shannon. This episode was filmed on April 1, 2008. Various other cast members of Saturday night appeared on thirty rock shows, including rachel dratch, fred armisen, kristen wiig, will forte, julia fallon, amy poehler, will ferrell, julia louis, dreyfus, bill hader, Tim Meadows, and molly shannon. Tina fey was the head writer of Saturday night, from 1999 to 2006. Tina fey was the head writer of Saturday night, from 1999 to 2006. Other cast members of Saturday night appeared on thirty rock shows, including rachel dratch, fred armisen, kristen wiig, will forte, julia fallon, amy poehler, will ferr - I am appointed Deputy Director of Police. " - I am appointed Deputy Director of Police. " - "Dear Sir, I am appointed Deputy Director of Police." Tina fey was the director of police from 1999 to 2006. Tina fey was the director of police from 1999 to 2006. Tina fey was the director of police from 1999 to 2006. Tina fey was the director of police from 1999 to 2006. Tina fey was the director of police from 1999 to 2006. Tina fey was the director of police from 1999 to 2006. Other cast members of Saturday night appeared on thirty rock shows, including rachel dratch, fred armisen, kristen wiig, will forte, julia fallon, amy poehler, will ferrell, julia louis, dreyfus, bill hader, Tim Meadows, and molly shannon. The episode was filmed on April 1, 2008. Tina fey was the director of police from 1999 to 2006. Other cast members of Saturday night appeared on thirty rock shows, including rachel dratch, fred armisen, kristen wiig, will forte, julia fallon, amy poehler, will ferrell, julia louis, dreyfus, bill hader, Tim Meadows, and molly shannon. Tina fey was the director of police from 1999 to 2006. Other cast members of Saturday night appeared on thirty rock shows, including rachel dratch, fred armisen, kristen wiig, will forte, julia fallon, amy poehler, will ferrell, julia louis, dreyfus, bill hader, Tim Meadows, and molly shannon. Various other cast members of Saturday night appeared on thirty rock shows, including rachel dratch, fred armisen, kristen wiig, will forte, julia fallon, amy poehler, will ferrell, julia louis, dreyfus, bill hader ...“ ”“Around writers’ strike season!” “Early Sunday,” remarked erin fox, “the episode was probably the funniest of all the episodes,” “Jeff Labrecque of the weekly newspaper considered the episode nothing more than a “butter...” "Around the writers' strike! " - "At the writers' strike!" - "The first Sunday," remarked erin fox, "the episode was probably the most humorous of all the episodes," - "Jeff Labrecque of the weekly newspaper considered it nothing more than a "butter"... eh... eh..." “Around the writers’ strike season!” “Around the writers’ strike season!” “Early Sunday,” remarked erin fox, “the episode was probably the funniest of all the episodes,” “Jeff Labrecque of the weekly newspaper thought it was merely a “butter”... eh... eh...” —“Around the writers’ strike season!” —“The first Sunday,” remarked erin fox, “the episode was probably the most hilarious of all the episodes,” “Jeff Labrecque of the weekly newspaper considered it nothing more than a “butter”...”