 "Jack and Jill" (sometimes called jack and jill," particularly in earlier versions), is a traditional English nursery rhyme. The Folk Songs Database at Roudenstown, in the book of English folk songs, places the rhyme in the number 10266. "Jack and Jill" (also called Jack and Jill in the old versions) is an English nursery rhyme. The Folk Songs database at Roudenstown has placed this rhyme in the number 10266. The first and most frequently repeated verse is: " Jack and Jill went up the hill to fetch a pail of water - jack fell down and broke his crown, and jill followed after... " "Jack and Jill" (also called Jack and Jill in earlier versions) is an English nursery rhyme. The Folk Songs Database at Roudenstown has placed this rhyme in the number 10266. The first and most frequently repeated verse is: " Jack and Jill went up the hill to fetch a bucket of water. Jack fell and broke his crown, and Jill followed. " The first and most often repeated verse is: "Jack and Jill went up the hill to fetch water - Jack fell and broke his crown, and Jill followed... " The rhyme has many verses added to it, and there is a verse, 15 stanzas, in a 19th century hymnbook. " The second verse, probably added as a result of these verses, has become a standard part of the rhyme. JACK and JILL (also called Jack and JILL in earlier versions), is an English nursery rhyme. The Folk Songs Database at Roudenstown has placed this rhyme at the number 10266. The first and most frequented verse is: ‘Jack and Jill went up the hill to fetch a bucket of water. Jack fell down and broke his crown, and Jill followed.’ This rhyme has many verses added to it, and there is a verse, 15 stanzas, in a 19th century hymnbook. The second verse, probably added as a result of these verses, has become the standard of the rhyme. ‘ Jack and Jill’ (also called Jack and Jill in earlier versions) is an English nursery rhyme. The Folk Song Database at Roudenstown has placed this rhyme in the number 10266. The first and most often repeated verse is: ‘Jack and Jill went up the hill to fetch water – Jack fell down and broke his crown, and Jill followed...’ The verse has many verses added to it, and there is a verse, 15 stanzas, in a 19th-century hymn. A quatrain of quatrains is formed of quatrains and a rhyming scheme of abcb (with some internal rhymes), and a trochaic rhythm (with the stress falling on the first syllable of the rhyming — which emphasizes the rhyme) and a trochaic rhythm, such as is often used in nursery rhymes. JACK and JILL (also called Jack and Jill in earlier incarnations) is an English nursery rhyme. The folk song database at Roudenstown has placed this rhyme in the number 10266. The first and most often repeated verse is: “Jack and Jill went up the hill to fetch water — Jack fell and broke his crown and Jill followed.” The verse has many verses added to it, and there is a verse, 15 stanzas, in a 19th-century hymn. The second verse, probably added as a result of these verses, has become a standard part of the rhyme. “Jack and Jill” (also called Jack and Jill in earlier versions) is an English nursery rhyme. The folk songs database at Roudenstown has placed this rhyme at the number 10266. The first and most frequently repeated verse is: “Jack and Jill went up the hill to fetch water; Jack fell and broke his crown, and Jill followed.” The second verse, probably added as a result of these verses, has become a regular part of the rhyme. The first and most often repeated verse is: “Jack and Jill went up the hill to fetch water, Jack fell and broke his crown, and Jill followed.” The verse has many verses added to it, and there is a verse, fifteen verses, in a 19th century hymnbook. The nineteenth century verses include: “Jack and Jill went up the hill to fetch water,” “Jack fell and broke his crown, and Jill followed.” The second verse, probably added as a result of these verses, has become the standard of the rhyme. ‘Jack and Jill’ (also called Jack and Jill in earlier versions), an English nursery rhyme. The folk song database at Roudenstown has placed this rhyme at the number 10266. The first and most frequently repeated verse is: ‘Jack and Jill went up the hill to fetch water, Jack fell and broke his crown, and Jill followed.’ This verse has many verses added to it and there is a verse, fifteen verses, in a 19th-century hymn. The verse has many verses added to it, and there is a verse, fifteen verses, in a 19th-century hymn. The verse has many verses added to it and there is a verse, 15 verses, in a 19th-century hymn. ‘Jack and Jill’ (also called Jack and Jill in earlier versions) is an English nursery rhyme. The folk songs database at Roudenstown has placed this rhyme at the number 10266. The first and most frequent verse is: ‘Jack and Jill went up the hill to fetch water; Jack fell and broke his crown and Jill followed.’ The first and most frequently repeated verse is: ‘Jack and Jill went up the hill to fetch water, Jack fell and broke his crown, and Jill followed.’ The second verse, probably added as a result of these verses, has become a standard part of the rhyme. The first and most frequent verse is: ‘Jack and Jill went up the hill to fetch water, Jack fell and broke his crown and Jill followed.’ The second verse, probably added as a result of these verses, has become a standard part of the rhyme. JACK and JILL (also called Jack and Jill in the earlier versions) is an English nursery rhyme. The Folk Song Database at Roudenstown has placed this rhyme at number 10266. The first and most often repeated verse is: ‘Jack and Jill went up the hill to fetch water, Jack fell and broke his crown, and Jill followed.’ The second verse, probably added as a result of these verses, has become a regular part of the rhyme. – in the country’s nursery rhymes and nursery songs ( 1870) – – the folk song index, which counts folk songs and their variations by number, classifies the poem as 10266. —In the town’s nursery rhymes and nursery songs, 1870—the folk song index, which counts folk songs and variations by number, takes the poem as 10266. A comedy performed at the Elizabethan court in 1567 was called jack and jill. The phrase was twice used by shakespeare: in a dream, which contains the lines, “Jack shall have jill; naught shall go ill.” (v: ii: 874 - 5), and in a love that is lost, which is broken, which is a line: “Jack shall not have jill,” (v: ii: 874 - 5); and in the discord of love, which is lost, which has the lines: “Our depravity shall not end like an old play; Jack shall not jill” (v: i: 874 - 5), suggesting that it was a phrase which indicated a romantically attached couple, as in the proverb “The good jack makes a good jill.” The poem was copied to the verses in the Nationale Announcement of the year 1870, at the beginning of which, to the confusion of a love that is lost, that has a line: ‘Jack shall not have jill,’ v. 874–5; and, in the diversion of love that is broken, which is a line: ‘Jack shall not have jill,’ v. 874–5; and in a love that is broken, which is a line: ‘Jack shall not have jill’ (v. 874–5; and in the discord of love, which is lost, which is the line: ‘Jack shall not have jill’; and in the discord of the love that is broken, which is the line: ‘Jack shall not have jill’ (v. 874–5); and in the madness of love that is lost, which is the phrase: ‘Jack shall not have jill’ (v. 874–5; and in the breaking of a love which is lost, which is the phrase: ‘Jack shall not have jill’ (v. 874–5;) and in the mismatch of love which is lost, which has the line: ‘Our depravity shall not end like an old play; Jack shall not jill’ (v. 874–5), which suggests that it was a phrase indicating a romantic relationship, as in the proverb ‘The good jack will not jill’ (v. 874–5). In the village nursery rhymes and nursery songs (1870) the folk song index, which counts the folk songs and variations by number, classifies the poem as 10266. The rhyming of the words 'Jack will not have jill' (v. 874-5), and in the confusion of a love that has been lost, which has a line: 'Jack will not have jill' (v. 874-5); and in the discord of love that has been lost, which has a line: 'Jack will not have jill' (v. 874-5); and in the discord of love that has been broken, which is a line: 'Jack will not have jill' (v. 874-5), and in the mismatch of love that has been lost, which is the line: 'Jack will not have jill' (v. 874-5), suggesting that it was a phrase that indicated a romantic relationship, as in the proverb: "The good jack will not jill' (v. 874-5). The verse is copied to the verses in the Nationale Announcement of 1870, at the beginning of which, to the confusion of a love that is lost, a line: 'Jack shall not have jill' (v. 874-5); and, in the madness of a love that is lost, a line: 'Jack shall not have jill'; and in the mismatch of a love that is lost, a line: 'Jack shall not have jill'; and in the mismatch of a love that is lost, a line: 'Jack shall not have jill' (v. 874-5); and in the mismatch of a love that is lost, which is a line: 'Jack shall not have jill'; and in the madness of love that is lost, which is the line: 'Jack shall not have jill' (v. 874-5); and in the confusion of love that is lost, which is the line: 'Jack shall not have jill' (v. 874-5), suggesting that it was a verse indicating a romantic relationship, as “In the village nursery rhymes and nursery songs, 1870, the folk song index, which counts folk songs and variations by number, took the poem 10266. The poem is copied to the verses of the National Herald, in 1870, at the beginning of which, to the confusion of a love that is lost, has a line: “Jack will not have jill” (v. 874-5) and in the confusion of a love that is lost, a line: “Jack will not have jill” (v. 874-5) and in the confusion of a love that is lost, a line: “Jack will not have jill” (v. 874-5) and in the discord of love that is lost, which is a line: “Jack will not have jill” (v. 874-5) and in the mismatch of love that is lost, which is a line: “Jack will not have jill” (v. 874-5), which suggests that it is a phrase that indicates a romantic relationship, as in the proverb: “The good Jack will not have jill.” This rhyming of the words “Jack will not have jill” (v. 874-5) and in the confusion of a love that has been lost, there is a line: “Jack will not have jill” (v. 874-5) and in the confusion of a love that has been lost, there is a line: “Jack will not have jill” (v. 874-5); and in the discord of love that has been lost, there is a line: “Jack will not have jill” (v. 874-5); and in the discord of love that has been lost, there is a line: “Jack will not have jill” (v. 874-5); and in the confusion of love that has been lost, there is a line: “Jack will not have jill”; and in the confusion of love that has been lost, there is a line: “Jack will not have jill; and in the confusion of love that has been lost, there is a line: “Jack will not have jill _ dda gylfaginning was a work of icelandic prose, edda gylfaginning, by icelandic historian snorri sturluson, who wrote that in Norse mythology hjuki and bil were transported from the earth by the moon (which was represented by the god mani) and taken up from the earth by the moon as a brother and sister (independently) from the earth by the moon (the god mani) as they were taking water from the well, called byrgir, and carrying on their shoulders a cask called saegr and a pole called simul... ” In 1835, john bellenden ker, by the way, remarked that jack and jill were priests, and this was enlarged by katherine elwes in 1930 to state that jack represented cardinal wolsey (c. 1471 – 1530) and jill was bishop tarbes, who negotiated the marriage of mary tudor to the French king in 1514. In 1835, Johann Bellenden ker, in a kind of way, remarked that jack and jill were priests, and it was added by Katherine elwes in 1930 to say that jack represented cardinal wolsey (c. 1471-1530) and jill was bishop tarbes, who negotiated the marriage of mary tudor to the French king in 1514. He was unable to get permission from parliament, and so he was ordered to reduce the size of a jack by one tin / two pint, but the tax remained the same..... it was also suggested that the rhyme records the attempt of king charles I to amend the taxes on liqueurs.... In 1835 Johann Bellendenker, in a sort of way, said that jack and jill were priests, and it was enlarged by Katherine Elwes in 1930 to say that jack represented cardinal wolsey (c. 1471-1530) and jill was bishop tarbes, who had negotiated the marriage of Mary Tudor to the French king in 1514. In 1835, Johann Bellendenker, in a kind of way, said that jack and jill were priests, and Katherine Elwes in 1930 added that jack represented cardinal wolsey (c. 1471-1530), and jill was bishop tarbes, who had negotiated the marriage of Mary Tudor to the French king in 1514. This, however, was not permitted by parliament, so he was ordered to reduce the size of jack by one tin and two pints, but the tax remained the same. The reference to jill (no more than a one-fourth or one-fourth) suggests that jill was reduced in volume by a gill, as a result of which the jill fell down and broke its crown (many pint glasses still have a small line with a crown above it), and jill slid down... ”.... therefore jack fell down and broke his crown (many pint glasses still have a line marking the 1/8th level with a crown above it) and jill slid down... In 1835 Johann Bellendenker, in a kind of way, said that jack and jill were priests, and Katherine Elwes added in 1930 that jack represented cardinal wolsey (c. 1471-1530) and jill was bishop tarbes, who negotiated the marriage of Mary Tudor to the French king in 1514. Consequently, jack fell, and threw its crown, and threw it down...''and threw it down...' it was said that the rhyme records events in the village of Kilmersdon, in somerset in 1697. The rumor in the rhyme is said to have been lost in a rock fall and that the woman died of it soon afterwards. In 1835, Johann Bellendenker, in a kind of way, said that jack and threw were priests, and Katherine Elwes in 1930 added that threw represented cardinal wolsey (1471-1530) and threw was the bishop tarbes who negotiated the marriage of Mary Tudor to the French king in 1514. - The reference to jack (no more than one-fourth) suggests that jack was reduced in volume by a gill, and that the jack fell down and broke its crown (many tin glasses still have a line above it with a crown above it) and threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw a threw threw threw a half-pint glass with a crown on it and threw threw threw threw threw threw a turn of the cup (seemingly called the snapper-eight or the peninsular-eight), in which was written the poem "The Great Rascal a "Pictured Refutation. The Dictionary of the North Sea, "Test-sea"), was written in the XVIIIth century by sturlesson, a ice-bree - In 1835, Johann Bellendenker, in a kind of way, said that jack and jill were priests, and Katherine Elwes in 1930 added that jack represented cardinal wolsey (c. 1471-1530) and jill was bishop tarbes, who negotiated the marriage of Mary Tudor to the French king in 1514. - In 1835 Johann Bellendenker, in a kind of way, said that jack and jill were priests, and Katherine Elwes in 1930 added that jack represented cardinal wolsey (c. 1471-1530) and jill was bishop tarbes, who negotiated the marriage of Mary Tudor to the French king in 1514. - Therefore, jack fell and threw his crown and threw it down... threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw a half-pint glass with a crown above it and threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw threw a tin cup with a crown above it and threw ‘Admitry route runs parallel to the route 878, and it acts as a spur route to the Don Shula Expressway .. "Admitry's way runs parallel to the route 878, and serves as a feeder road for the Don Shula Expressway (odds) in south miami, in order to obtain access to the eastern kendall district, without entering the district of dadeland. “Admitry’s route runs parallel to Route 878 and serves as a feeder road for the Don Shula Expressway (odds) in south miami, allowing a northward route to the eastern Kendall district without entering the Dadeland district. “Admitry’s way runs parallel to Route 878 and acts as a spur to the Don Shula Expressway... ’ "Admitry's route runs parallel to the route 878 and serves as a feeder for the Don Shula Expressway in south miami, allowing the northward passage to the eastern kendall district without entering the Dadeland district. "Admitry's route runs parallel to the route 878 and acts as a spur to the Don Shula Expressway... " southbound motorists of the Don Shula Expressway wishing to exit the kendall district merge into this carriageway before combining with the northbound motorists of the snapper Creek Expressway. ‘Admitry’s route runs parallel to the route 878 and serves as a feeder road for the Don Shula Expressway in south miami, which allows a northward travel to the eastern kendall district without entering the Dadeland district. Mitry’s route runs parallel to the route 878 and serves as a feeder road for the Don Shula Expressway in south miami, which allows a northward travel to the eastern kendall district without entering the Dadeland district. Basically, for the rest of the way, the lane of Senshula runs east-west through residential neighborhoods, about ten miles (sixty-one-eighth) north of kendall. Mitry’s route runs parallel to the lane of Senshula and serves as a spur to the Don Shula Expressway... Amitry’s route runs parallel to the route 878 and serves as a feeder road for the Don Shula Expressway in south miami, so as to provide a northward route to the eastern kendall district without entering the Dadeland district. “Admitry’s route runs parallel to the route 878 and serves as a feeder road for the Don Shula Expressway in south miami, which enables the northward passage to the eastern kendall district without entering the Dadeland district. Mitry’s route runs parallel to the route 878 and serves as a feeder road for the Don Shula Expressway in south miami, enabling the northward passage to the eastern kendall district without entering the Dadeland district. The route of Senshula runs east-west through the residential districts about ten miles (sixty-one-eighth) south of kendall. “Admitry’s route runs parallel to the route 878 and serves as a feeder road for the Don Shula Expressway in south miami, allowing a northward route to the eastern kendall district without entering Dadeland. Mitry’s route runs parallel to the route 878 and serves as a feeder road for the Don Shula Expressway in south miami, enabling a northward journey to the eastern kendall district without entering Dadeland. Mitry’s route runs parallel to the route 878 and serves as a feeder road for the Don Shula Expressway in south miami, enabling a northward journey to the eastern kendall district without entering Dadeland. The route of Senshula runs east-west through the residential areas, about ten miles (sixty-one-eighth) north of kendall. Basically, for the rest of the way, the Senshula Expressway runs east-west through the residential areas, about ten miles (sixty-one-eighth) south of kendall. Mitry’s route runs parallel to the route of Senshula, and serves as a connecting road for the Don Shula Expressway... Mitry’s route runs parallel to the route of Senshula, and serves as a connecting road for the Don Shula Expressway... Mitry’s route runs parallel to the route of Senshula and serves as a connecting road for the Don Shula Expressway... He crossed the route, the route paralleled by Senshula, and served as a feeder road to the Don Shula Expressway in south miami, which will let him get to the eastern kendall without entering Dadeland. Mitry's route runs parallel to the route 878 and serves as a feeder road for the Don Shula Expressway in south miami, allowing him to get to the eastern kendall without entering Dadeland. Mitry's route runs parallel to the route 878 and serves as a feeder road to the Don Shula Expressway in south miami, allowing him to go to the eastern kendall without entering Dadeland. Mitry's route runs parallel to the route 878 and serves as a feeder road for the Don Shula Expressway in south miami, enabling him to go northward to the eastern kendall without entering Dadeland. Mitry's route runs parallel to the route 878 and serves as a feeder road for the Don Shula Expressway in south miami, enabling him to go northward to the eastern kendall without entering Dadeland. The route of Senshula runs east-west through the residential areas, about ten miles (sixty-one-eighth) south of kendall. Basically, for the rest of the route, the Senshula Expressway runs east-west through the residential areas, about ten miles (sixty-one-eighth) south of kendall. “Admitry’s route runs parallel to Route 878 and serves as a feeder road for the Don Shula Expressway in south miami, allowing him to travel north to the eastern kendall district without entering Dadeland. Mitry’s route runs parallel to Route 878 and serves as a feeder road for the Don Shula Expressway in south miami, allowing him to travel north to the eastern kendall district without entering Dadeland. Mitry’s route runs parallel to Route 878 and serves as a feeder road for the Don Shula Expressway in south miami, allowing him to travel north to the eastern kendall district without entering Dadeland. The Senshula route runs east-west through the residential areas, about ten miles (sixty-one-eighth) south of kendall. Mitry’s route runs parallel to Route 878 and serves as a feeder road for the Don Shula Expressway in south miami, enabling him to travel north to the eastern kendall district without entering Dadeland. Mitry’s route runs parallel to Route 878 and serves as a feeder road for the Don Shula Expressway in south miami, enabling him to go north to the eastern kendall without entering Dadeland. Mitry’s route runs parallel to Route 878 and serves as a feeder road for the Don Shula Expressway in south miami, enabling him to travel north to the eastern kendall district without entering Dadeland. Mitry’s route runs parallel to Route 878 and serves as a feeder road for the Don Shula Expressway in south miami, enabling him to go north to the eastern kendall without entering Dadeland. The Senshula Expressway runs east-west through residential areas, about ten miles (sixty-one-eighth) south of kendall. ... Immediately after this, sr. 878 turns to the southeast and prepares to meet the southern end of the south-dixie highway (U. 1 ) at a surface intersection 0... However, in the first place, that sr. 878 turns to the southeast and prepares to meet the southern end of the south-dixie highway (U. 1) at a surface intersection. When this is done, the sr. 878 will turn to the south, and the southward traffic will enter the west of us, aided by the signs. The traffic going south along us 1 will turn into a side road, while the traffic going north on us 1 will follow the oblique path with the aid of signs. But in the first place, the sr 878 turns to the south and prepares to meet the southern end of the south-dixie highway (U. 1) at a surface intersection. The sr 878 turns to the southeast and prepares to meet the southern end of the south-dixie highway (U. 1) at a surface intersection. Immediately after this, the sr 878 turns to the south and prepares to meet the southern end of the south-dixie highway (U. 1) at a surface intersection. - beggars tolls. As long as you pass south on us 1, you will turn into a side road, and if you go north on us 1 you will follow the oblique path. - that sr. 878, first, turns to the south and prepares to meet the southern end of the south-dixie highway (U. 1) at a surface intersection. The first thing, however, is that sr. 878 turns to the south and prepares to meet the southern end of the south-dixie highway (U. 1) at a surface intersection. The traffic on South-West-West-West-West will turn into a side road, while traffic on North-West-West-West will follow the oblique path. At this point the sr. 878 turns to the south and prepares to meet the southern end of the south-dixie highway (U. 1) at a surface intersection. This is because the toll is a flat charge; there are no free sections... - that sr. 878, first, turns to the south and prepares to meet the southern end of the south-dixie highway (U. 1) at a surface intersection. Immediately, sr. 878 turns to the south and prepares to meet the southern end of the south-dixie highway (U. 1) at a surface intersection. The south-west-west-west-west-west traffic will turn into a side road, and the north-west-west traffic will follow the oblique route. At this point, the sr. 878 turns to the south and prepares to meet the southern end of the south-dixie highway (U. 1) at a surface intersection. In the first place, the sr. 878 turns to the south and prepares to meet the southern end of the south-dixie highway (U. 1) at a surface intersection. ... The toll road was laid out at this time in the province of Dade, in the year 1958, and was completed by the end of 1975. However, at the first place, sr. 878 shifted to the south and shifted to the southern end of the south-dixie highway (U. 1) at a surface intersection.... As soon as you pass south on us 1 you turn into a side road, while if you pass north on us 1 you turn into an oblique path. Immediately, sr. 878 shifted to the south and shifted to the southern end of the south-dixie highway (U. 1) at a surface intersection..... But the first thing is that sr. 878 shifted to the south and shifted to the southern end of the south-dixie highway (U. 1) at a surface intersection. Immediately sr. 878 shifted to the south and shifted to the southern end of the south-dixie highway (U. 1) at a surface intersection. The south-west-west-west-west-west-west traffic turned into a side road, and the north-west-west traffic followed the oblique route. This is because the toll is a flat-rate charge; there are no free sections... , the southwest side of 72nd street opened a few weeks later. [iii] The plan is sr 878. Construction was halted in 1974 when the bonds issued by the county for the expressway expired. The plan is partially completed; but in late 1977 a federal emergency fund of $ 8 million was assigned to complete the project. , the southwest side of 72nd Street opened a few weeks later. It is not complete. In late 1977, a federal emergency fund of eight million was assigned to complete the project. This plan is sr 878. In 1974, when the county bonds for the expressway expired, construction was halted. [77] The aforesaid plan is partly complete, but in late 1977, a federal emergency fund of eight million was allocated to complete the project. The aforesaid plan is sr 878. The construction of the aforesaid plan has been completed. The construction of the aforesaid plan is a partial one; but in late 1977 a federal emergency fund of eight million was given to complete the project. In 1974, the county bonds for the expressway were due to expire. In this case, the plan is a partial one; but in late 1977 a federal emergency fund of eight million was assigned to complete the project. The aforesaid plan is a part of it, but in late 1977 a federal emergency fund of eight million was assigned to complete the project. In the first place, the tolls were $ 0 by ""___" - " The first willows are $ 0, the second willows are $ 0 by "___". In 1974 the county bonds for the expressway expired, and the construction was halted. The aforesaid plan is partial, but in late 1977 a federal emergency fund of eight million was set aside for the construction. In 1974, when the county bonds for the expressway expired, construction was halted. In the aforesaid plan is partially completed, but in late 1977 a federal emergency fund of eight million was set aside for the construction. The construction of the aforesaid plan is partially completed, but in late 1977 a federal emergency fund of eight million was set aside to complete the project. The plan is part of it, but in late 1977 a federal emergency fund of eight million was set aside to complete the project. The first willows are $0.01; the second willows are $0.01". In 1974 the county bonds for the expressway expired. This plan is a partial one, but in late 1977 a federal emergency fund of eight million was set aside to complete the project. The plan is a part of it, but in late 1977 a federal emergency fund of eight million was set aside to complete the project. The plan is partially complete, but in late 1977 a federal emergency fund of eight million was set aside to complete the project. In 1974 the county bonds for the expressway expired, and the project was stopped. The aforesaid plan is partially completed, but in late 1977 a federal emergency fund of eight million was set aside to complete the project. In this case, the plan is partial, but in late 1977 a federal emergency fund of eight million was set aside for the construction. The aforesaid plan is partially complete, but in late 1977 a federal emergency fund of eight million was set aside to complete the project. The first willows are $0.01; the second willows are $0.01".