 "The Moro River Campaign was an important battle of the Italian campaign during the second world war, fought between the elements of the British eighth army and the lxxv panzer squadron (lxxv panzerkorps) of the german 10th army... The Moro River Campaign was a great battle in the Italian campaign during the second world war, fought between the elements of the British eighth army and the lxxv panzer squadron (lxxv panzerkoops) of the german 10th army. The campaign was planned in conjunction with the allied attack of general harold alexander's 15th army, which was aiming to disrupt the winter line of defense of the German army, and to advance towards pescara, and then finally to rome. On 4 November, four infantry divisions, one british, one canadian, one indian, and one new zealand, and two armoured brigades (one british and one canadian) attacked the heavily defended German positions on the moro river, obtaining several exploitable bridgeheads by 8 November. During the second world war, the Moro River Campaign was a large battle in the Italian campaign during the second world war, fought between the elements of the British eighth army and the lxxv panzer squadron (lxxv panzerkoops) of the german 10th army. It was a battle planned in conjunction with the military attack of General harold alexander’s 15th army, which aimed to break the winter line of defense of the German army, to move towards Pescara, and finally to rome. On 4 November, four infantry divisions, one British, one canadian, one indian, and one new zealand, and two armoured brigades (one British and one new zealand) attacked heavily defended German positions on the moro River, obtaining several avalanches by 8 November. On 20 December, the line was attacked by both corps. “The Moro River Campaign was an important battle of the Italian campaign during the second world war, fought between the elements of the British eighth army and the German eighth army, lxxv panzer koops... “The Moro River Campaign was a major battle in the Italian campaign during the second world war, fought between the elements of the British eighth army and the German eighth army lxxv panzer koops... The Moro River Campaign was a major battle in the Italian campaign during the second world war, fought between the elements of the British eighth army and the German eighth army, lxxv panzer koops... During November, four infantry divisions, one British, one canadian, one new zealand, and two armoured brigades (one British and one new zealand) attacked heavily defended German positions on the moro River, obtaining several exploitable bridgeheads by November. In November, four infantry divisions, one British, one canadian, and one new zealand, and two armoured brigades (one British and one new zealand) attacked heavily defended German positions on the moro River, obtaining several avalanches by November 8. On November 4, four infantry divisions, one British, one canadian, and one new zealand, and two armoured brigades (one British and one new zealand) attacked heavily defended German positions on the moro River, obtaining several bridgeheads by November 8. “The Moro River Campaign was a major battle in the Italian campaign during the second world war, fought between the elements of the British eighth army and the German eighth army, lxxv panzer koops... The Moro River Campaign was a major battle in the Italian campaign during the second world war, fought between the elements of the British eighth army and the German eighth army, lxxv panzer koops... The Moro River Campaign was a major battle in the Italian campaign during the second world war, fought between the elements of the British eighth army and the German eighth army, lxxv panzer koops... During November, four infantry divisions, one British, one canadian, one new zealand, and two armoured brigades (one British and one new zealand) attacked the heavily defended German positions on the moro River, obtaining several avalanches by November 8. On November 4, four infantry divisions, one British, one canadian, and one new zealand, and two armoured brigades (one British and one new zealand) attacked the heavily defended German positions on the moro River, obtaining several avalanches by November 8. The Moro River Campaign was a major battle in the Italian campaign during the second world war, fought between the elements of the British eighth army and the German eighth army, lxxv panzer koops... In November, four infantry divisions, one British, one canadian, and one new zealand, and two armoured brigades (one British and one new zealand) attacked heavily defended German positions on the moro river, obtaining several avalanches by November 8. In November, four infantry divisions, one British, one canadian, and one new zealand, and two armoured brigades (one British and one new zealand) attacked heavily defended German positions on the moro river, obtaining several avalanches by November 8. On November 4, four infantry divisions, one British, one canadian, and one new zealand, and two armoured brigades (one British and one new zealand) attacked heavily defended German positions on the At the second world war, Moro River Campaign was a major battle in the Italian campaign during the second world war, fought between the elements of the British eighth army and the German eighth army, lxxv panzer koops... The Moro River Campaign was a major battle in the Italian campaign during the second world war, fought between the elements of the British eighth army and the German eighth army, lxxv panzer koops... During November, four infantry divisions, one British, one canadian, and one new zealand, and two armoured brigades (one British and one new zealand) attacked heavily defended German positions on the moro River, obtaining several bridges by November 8. In November, four infantry divisions, one British, one canadian, and one new zealand, and two armoured brigades (one British and one new zealand) attacked heavily defended German positions on the moro River, obtaining several bridgeheads by November 8. In November, four infantry divisions, one British, one canadian, and one new zealand, and two armoured brigades (one British and one new zealand) attacked heavily defended German positions on the moro River, obtaining several bridgeheads by November 8. On November 4, four infantry divisions, one British, one canadian, and one new zealand, and two armoured brigades (one British and one new zealand) attacked heavily defended German positions on the moro River, obtaining several bridgeheads by November 8. The Moro River Campaign was a major battle in the Italian campaign during the second world war, fought between the elements of the British eighth army and the German eighth army, lxxv panzer koops... In November, four infantry divisions, one British, one canadian, and one new zealand, and two armoured brigades (one British and one new zealand) attacked heavily defended German positions on the moro River, obtaining several bridgeheads by November 8. On November 4, four infantry divisions, one British, one canadian, and one new zealand, and two armoured brigades (one British and one new november forward elements of the eighth army engaged with the defenses of the German winter line which had been established at the foot of the sangro river. The main attack across the sangro was a command from v corps (Lieutenant __ General Charles Allfrey) comprising the british 78th infantry division (major ___ general vyvyan evelegh) and the 8th indian infantry division (major ____ general dudley russell) and the xii corps (Lieutenant ____ General ________) was supported and directed by the inland assaults of the 2nd New ____________ division (Lieutenant ________________ division and the _____________________ division, and the __________—from late november... On the 26th of november, elements of the eighth army had engaged in the defense of the German winter line which had been established at the foot of the Sánto River. The main attack across the Sánto was a command from the v corps (General Charles Allfrey), which consisted of the british 78th infantry division (major General Vyvyan Evlegh) and the 8th Indian infantry division (major General Dudley russell), and the xi corps (General - General - General -) was underpinned and directed by the inland assaults of the 2nd New Territories division (Lieutenant ____ division and the __________ division, and the __________ division)—all this - as well as the inland assaults of the 2nd New Territories division (Lieutenant _____ division and the ____ division, and the ____ division and the ____ division—in late november... the germans withdrew to the high ground to the north of the moro River. For the rest of November, the elements of the eighth army engaged in the defense of the German winter line, which had been established at the foot of the Sánto River. The main attack across the Sánto was the command of the v corps (General Charles Allfrey), which consisted of the british 78th infantry division (major general Vyvyan Evlegh) and the 8th Indian infantry division (major general Dudley russell), and the xii corps (General – General – General) was underpinned and directed by the inland assaults of the 2nd New Territories division (Lieutenant – ___ division and ___ division)—all these—as well as the inland assaults of the 2nd New Territories division (Lieutenant – ___ division and ___ division, and the ___ division)—in late november the germans had moved into the north to the north of the moro River. The 78th infantry division, which had been a leader of v corps ever since the Volturno line offensive, and had endured over seven, 000 casualties in less than six months, was relieved by the new 1st Canadian infantry division (major, General – chris vokes) which was preparing to make the offensive on 5 december 1943. The soldiers of the 8th Army joined the defense of the German winter line, which was established at the foot of the sangro. The main attack on the sangro was made by the v corps (General Charles Allfrey), consisting of the british 78th infantry division (major general Vyvyan Evlegh) and the 8th Indian infantry division (major general Dudley russell) and the xi corps (General - General - General -) was underpinned and directed by the inland assaults of the 2nd New Territories division (Lieutenant - ___ division and ___ division), and all these - and all the inland assaults of the 2nd New Territories division (Lieutenant - ___ division and ___ division)—from late November... the germans moved to the north to the north of the moro River. On the 26th of November, elements of the eighth army engaged in the defense of the German winter line that had been established at the foot of the Sánto River. The main attack across the Sánto was the command of the v corps (General Charles Allfrey), which consisted of the british 78th infantry division (major Vyvyan Evlegh) and the 8th Indian infantry division (major Dudley russell) and the xii corps (General - General - General) was supported and directed by the inland assaults of the 2nd New Territories division (Lieutenant _____ division and the _____ division) - all these - as well as the inland assaults of the 2nd New Territories division (Lieutenant _____ division and the _____ division) - late november, the germans left the northern hemisphere to the north of the river. The 8th New Zealand division, which had been the leader of the v corps since the Volturno Line offensive, had suffered over seven, 000 casualties in less than six months, was relieved by the new 1st Canadian infantry division (major, chris vokes) which was preparing to make the attack on the 5th of december 1943. They proceeded forward with the defense of the German winter line, which was situated at the foot of the river. On the 26th of November, elements of the eighth army engaged in the defense of the German winter line which had been established at the foot of the river. The main attack on the river was made by the v corps (General Charles Allfrey) which consisted of the british 78th infantry division (major Vyvyan Evlegh) and the 8th Indian infantry division (major Dudley russell) and the xi corps (general - general -) supported and directed by the inland assaults of the 2nd New Territories division (Lieutenant ___ division and ___ division) - late November... the germans moved north to the north of the river. The 78th infantry division, which had been the leader of the v corps ever since the Volturno Line offensive, and had suffered over seven, 000 casualties in less than six months, was relieved by the new 1st Canadian infantry division (major, chris vokes) which was preparing to attack on the 5th of November 1943. On the 26th of November, elements of the eighth army participated in the defense of the German winter line, which was established at the foot of the river. The main attack on the Sánto was a command of the v corps (General Charles Allfrey), consisting of the british 78th infantry division (major Vyvyan Evlegh) and the 8th Indian infantry division (major Dudley russell) and the xii corps (General - General -) was supported and directed by the inland assaults of the 2nd New Territories division (Lieutenant - ___ division and the ___ division), late November, the germans left the northern hemisphere to the north of the river. And further on, facing the army’s xii corps, was the 65th infantry division. Further inland, on the right, was the 26th panzer division (26. panzer division) under brigadier general smilo freiherr von luttwitz, with their right flank on Orsogna. And further on, facing the army’s xii corps, was the 65th infantry division. Further inland, on the right, was the 26th panzer division (26. panzer division) under brigadier general hellmuth pfeifer, supported by elements of the 1st parachute and the 5th mountain division (5. gebirgsdivision) under brigadier general julius ringel. Together, these units formed the part of traugott herr’s lxxvi panzer corps, the part of joachim lemelsen’s 10th army responsible for the rear line to the east of the apennines. Then the 65th Infantry Division, facing the army's xii corps, was the 65th Infantry Division. Further inland, on the right, the 26th Panzer Division (26th Panzer Division) under brigadier general hellmuth pfeifer, supported by the 1st parachute and the 5th mountain division (5.5 gebirgsdivision) under brigadier general julius ringel. Further inland, on the right, the 26th panzer division (26. panzer division) under brigadier general hellmuth pfeifer, supported by elements of the 1st parachute and the 5th mountain division (5.3 gebirgsdivision) under brigadier general julius ringel. Then the 65th Infantry Division, facing the army's xi corps, was the 65th Infantry Division. And the 65th Infantry Division, facing the army's xi corps, was the 65th Infantry Division. Further inland, on the right, was the 26th Panzer Division (26th Panzer Division) under brigadier general hellmuth pfeifer, supported by elements of the 1st parachute and the 5th mountain division (5.5 gebirgs Division) under brigadier general julius ringel. More inland, on the right, was the 26th Panzer Division (26th Panzer Division) under brigadier general hellmuth pfeifer, supported by elements of the 1st parachute and the 5th mountain division (5.3 gebirgs division) under brigadier general julius ringel. Then the 65th Infantry Division, facing the army’s xi corps, was the 65th Infantry Division. And the 65th Infantry Division, facing the army’s xi corps, was the 65th Infantry Division. Then the 65th Infantry Division, facing the army’s xi corps, was the 65th Infantry Division. Then the 65th Infantry Division, facing the army’s xi corps, was the 65th Infantry Division. Then, on the right, the 26th Panzer Division, under the brigadier general hellmuth pfeifer, supported by the 1st parachute and the 5th mountain division (5.5 gebirgs division) under the brigadier general julius ringel. Then the 65th Infantry Division, facing the army’s xi corps, was the 65th Infantry Division. More inland, on the right, was the 26th Panzer Division, under the brigadier general hellmuth pfeifer, supported by elements of the 1st parachute and the 5th mountain division under the brigadier general julius ringel. Then the 65th Infantry Division, under the army’s xi corps, was the 65th Infantry Division. Having made a reconnaissance on the objectives during the night of 5 december, a plan of attack was formulated by the commander of the battalion, lieutenant colonel bethelware, and he plotted the targets of all four rifle companies. More inland, on the right, was the 26th Panzer Division (26th Panzer Division) under brigadier general hellmuth pfeifer, supported by elements of the 1st parachute and the 5th mountain Division (5.5 gebirgs Division) under brigadier general julius ringel. Then the 65th Infantry Division, facing the army’s xi corps, was the 65th Infantry Division. Then the 65th Infantry Division, facing the army’s xi corps, was the 65th Infantry Division. And then the 65th Infantry Division, facing the army’s xi corps, was the 65th Infantry Division. Then the 65th Infantry Division, facing the army’s xi corps, was the 65th Infantry Division. Further inland, on the right, was the 26th Panzer Division (26th Panzer Division) under brigadier general hellmuth pfeifer, supported by elements of the 1st parachute and the 5th mountain division (5.5 gebirgs division) under brigadier general julius ringel. Further inland, on the right, the 26th Panzer Division, under brigadier general hellmuth pfeifer, supported by elements of the 1st parachute and the 5th mountain division under brigadier general julius ringel. Then the 65th Infantry Division, under the army’s xi corps, was the 65th Infantry Division. At midnight, on the 5th of December, two companies of the Russian infantry crossed the moro River, moving towards the villa rogatti. "Northern Argentina, while continuing to engage the 200th panzergrenadier regiment (200th panzergrenadier regiment) near Villarogatti. Although two canadian infantry companies had already occupied Villarogatti, the german panzergrenadier army still kept substantial defenses on the outskirts of the town... ‘Northern Argentina,’ said the commander of the 200th Panzergrenadier Regiment (200th Panzergrenadier Regiment) near Villarogatti. Although two canadian infantry companies had already occupied Villarogatti, the German Panzergrenadier army still held strong defenses in the outskirts of the city. However, c company continued to advance steadily along the eastern side of the city, met with considerable resistance from the 361st Panzergrenadier Regiment (352... panzergrenadier Regiment)... about an hour after the battle between the two companies, villarogatti had been taken over by the canadian forces. ‘Northern Argentina,’ said the commander of the 200th Panzergrenadier Regiment (200th Panzergrenadier Regiment) near Villarogatti. Although two canadian infantry companies had already occupied Villarogatti, the German Panzergrenadier army still possessed strong defences in the outskirts of the city. At mid-day the german counter-attacks on ppcli positions in the city had begun, involving tanks from the 7th company of the 26th panzer regiment (26. panzer regiment), field guns and large infantry troops. The ppcli infantry companies fought back a number of attacks during the afternoon, but at length pushed back to the vineyards in the north of the town. At the beginning of the afternoon two infantry companies of the ppcli met several German attacks, and they ultimately succeeded in driving them back to the vineyards on the north side of the town... " North Argentina," said the commander of the 200th Panzergrenadier Regiment (200th Panzergrenadier Regiment) near Villarogatti. "Northern Argentina," said the commander of the 200th Panzergrenadier Regiment (200th Panzergrenadier Regiment) near Villarogatti. Although two canadian infantry companies had already occupied Villarogatti, the German Panzergrenadier army had still strong defences in the outskirts of the city. The German infantry companies held out for a few hours in the afternoon, but they finally moved back to the vineyards in the north of the city. During the afternoon, two infantry companies of the ppcli met several German attacks and at last succeeded in driving them back to the vineyards in the north of the city. During the afternoon, the ppcli infantry companies faced numerous German attacks, but in the end they managed to drive them back to the vineyards in the north of the city... " North Argentine," said the commander of the 200th Panzergrenadier Regiment (200th Panzergrenadier Regiment) near Villarogatti. However, three strong german formations surround the canadian positions at Villarogatti, which makes further use of the bridge impossible. ‘Northern Argentina,’ said the commander of the 200th Panzergrenadier Regiment (200th Panzergrenadier Regiment) near Villarogatti. Although two canadian infantry companies had already occupied Villarogatti, the German Panzergrenadier army had substantial defenses in the outskirts of the town. The German infantry companies, despite having already occupied Villarogatti, had nevertheless developed strong defences in the outskirts of the town. During the afternoon, two infantry companies of the ppcli had encountered several German attacks and at last succeeded in capturing them in the north of the city. The ppcli infantry companies resisted for a few hours, but they finally returned to the outskirts of the city. The German infantry companies held out for a few hours in the afternoon, but finally they moved back to the outskirts of the city. The German infantry companies fought several times in the afternoon, but at last they retreated to the outskirts of the city. Then on the evening of the 8th of december, the indian 21st infantry brigade of the 8th division merged the western flank of the 1st canadian division with their own lines, and a canadian force would be redirected towards the bridgehead at San Leonardo. "North Argentine," said the commander of the 200th Panzergrenadier Regiment (200th Panzergrenadier Regiment) near Villarogatti. Although two canadian infantry companies had already occupied Villarogatti, the German Panzergrenadier army still held firm in the outskirts of the city. At the beginning of the afternoon two infantry companies of the ppcli met some German attacks, and finally they were pushed back to the vineyards on the north side of the city. At the end of the afternoon two infantry companies of the ppcli met a number of German attacks and finally succeeded in driving them back to the vineyards on the north side of the city. " North Argentine," said the commander of the 200th Panzergrenadier Regiment (200th Panzergrenadier Regiment) near Villarogatti. Although two canadian infantry companies had already occupied Villarogatti, the German Panzergrenadier army still had strong defenses in the outskirts of the city. " North Argentine," said the commander of the 200th Panzergrenadier Regiment (200th Panzergrenadier Regiment) near Villarogatti. The German infantry companies fought a few times in the afternoon, but they finally pushed back to the outskirts of the city. " North Argentine," said the commander of the 200th Panzergrenadier Regiment (200th Panzergrenadier Regiment) near Villarogatti. Although two canadian infantry companies had already occupied Villarogatti, the German Panzergrenadier army held strong defenses in the outskirts of the city. In the morning, in the morning, the company retreated, and two more seafaring companies resumed their attacks. Although two canadian infantry companies had already occupied Villarogatti, the German Panzergrenadier army held firm in the outskirts of the city. "Northern Argentina," said the commander of the 200th Panzergrenadier Regiment (200th Panzergrenadier Regiment) near Villarogatti. Although two canadian infantry companies had already occupied Villarogatti, the German Panzergrenadier army held firm in the outskirts of the city. At the beginning of the afternoon two infantry companies of the ppcli met some German attacks, and in the end succeeded in driving them back to the outskirts of the city. "Northern Argentina," said the commander of the 200th Panzergrenadier Regiment near Villarogatti. "The canadian attack on San Leonardo by the highlanders of Canada began late on 5 december, with a company establishing a bridge across the moro, taking heavy casualties. It was already late in the afternoon when the german troops of the 7th company of the 26th panzer regiment, a company which had recently arrived from the area of North Carolina, came to be near Villarogatti. “Northern Argentina,” said the commander of the 200th Panzer Regiment (200th Panzer Regiment) near Villarogatti. “Northern Argentina,” said the commander of the 200th Panzer Regiment (200th Panzer Regiment) near Villarogatti. The German infantry companies had already occupied Villarogatti, but the German panzer-grenadier army was holding strong defenses in the outskirts of the town. The German infantry companies were fighting a number of times in the afternoon, but at last were able to take the city. Then on the evening of the 8th of November, the 21st infantry brigade of the 8th division of the 1st division merged the western flank of the 1st division with their own lines, and a German force was redirected towards the bridge at San Leonardo. The German infantry companies were fighting several times in the afternoon, but at last they had come back to the outskirts of the city. The German infantry companies fought several times in the afternoon, but at last they went back to the outskirts of the city. At the beginning of the afternoon two infantry companies of the ppcli met several German attacks, and finally succeeded in capturing them on the outskirts of the city. " North Argentine," said the commander of the 200th Panzergrenadier Regiment (200th Panzergrenadier Regiment) near Villarogatti. The German infantry companies had already occupied Villarogatti, but the German grenadier army still held strong defenses in the outskirts of the city. " North Argentine," said the commander of the 200th Panzergrenadier Regiment near Villarogatti. Although two canadian infantry companies had already occupied Villarogatti, the German grenadier army still held strong defenses in the outskirts. Although two canadian infantry companies had already occupied Villarogatti, the German grenadier army was still strong in the outskirts of the city. However, at around ten o'clock Despite having failed to capture San Leonardo, the Hastings and Prince Edward regiment sent two rifle companies to the aid of the seaforth highlanders, as seaforth b company attacked positions west of San Leonardo, and incurred 129 casualties on the german forces in the area. As a result of their lack of success, Hastings and Prince Edward had sent two rifle companies to the aid of the highlanders, as seaforth b company had attacked positions west of San Leonardo and had suffered 129 casualties on the german forces. However, the single company making the attack gained little territorial advantage, and Lieutenant Colonel kennedy – commander of the Hastings and Prince Edward regiment – ordered the retreat at 15:42. Although they were unable to capture San Leonardo, Hastings and Prince Edward sent two rifle companies to assist the highlanders, as Seaforth b company attacked in the west of San Leonardo and suffered 129 casualties. However, the single company bringing the attack gained little advantage, and Lieutenant Colonel kennedy, commander of the Hastings and Prince Edward regiment, ordered the retreat at 15:42. By nightfall, the germans still had control of San Donato, and the Hastings and Prince Edward regiment withdrawing to the southern bank of the Moro River. On the 8th of November 1943, Major General Vokes devised a new plan to take the Moro River. The 48th highlanders of canada and the Princess-Patricia canadian light infantry of canadian light infantry of Canada resumed the assault on San Donato, while the 48th highlanders and Prince Edward's canadian infantry of Canada re-invented the assault on San Donato, and the royal canadian regiment of rcr moved northward toward San Donato to link up with the 48th and ppcli... But they did not capture San Leonardo, but Hastings and Prince Edward sent two rifle companies to assist the highlanders, because the seaforth b company attacked the west of San Leonardo, and suffered 129 casualties on the German army in the area. Despite their failure to capture San Leonardo, Hastings and Prince Edward sent two rifle companies to the aid of the highlanders, as the seaforth b company attacked the west of San Leonardo, and suffered 129 casualties. By nightfall the germans still controlled San Donato, and the Hastings and Prince Edward regiment withdrawn to the southern bank of the Moro. The warships of the 48th highlanders of canada and the PrincePatricia canadian light infantry of Canada returned to San Donato, while the 48th highlanders and Prince Edward canadian infantry in Canada were renewed their attack on San Donato, while the 48th highlanders and Prince Edward canadian infantry in Canada re-invented their attack on San Donato, while the Royal Canadian regiment rcr moved northward to San Donato to join the 48th and ppcli. on the 8th of November, Major General Vokes made a new plan to attack the Moro River. On the 8th of November, Major General Vokes re-thought of the Moro invasion. The army of the 48th highlanders and the Princess Patricia canadian light infantry of the Canadian light infantry of Canada were again to take San Donato, while the 48th highlanders and Prince Edward’s canadian infantry of Canada were re-inventing the assault on San Donato, while the royal Canadian regiment, rcr, moved northwards toward San Donato, linking with the 48th and ppcli. But they did not capture San Leonardo, Hastings and Prince Edward sent two rifle companies to aid the highlanders, for Seaforth b company attacked the west of San Leonardo and incurred 129 casualties. Although they could not capture San Leonardo, Hastings and Prince Edward sent two rifle companies to help the highlanders, because Seaforth b company attacked the west of San Leonardo and incurred 129 casualties. However, the single company that brought the attack had little territorial advantage, and Lieutenant Colonel kennedy, the commander of the Hastings and Prince Edward regiment, ordered the retreat at 15:42. On the 8th of November, Major Vokes was preparing a new plan to attack the Moro River: the army of the 48th highlanders and the Princess Patricia canadian light infantry of the Canadian light infantry was going to take San Donato again, while the 48th highlanders and Prince Edward canadian infantry of Canada were going to attack San Donato, while the royal Canadian regiment, rcr, shifted northwards to San Donato, to join the 48th and ppcli. The 48th highlanders and the Prince Philippe canadian light infantry of Canada resumed the assault on San Donato, while the 48th highlanders and Prince Edward canadian infantry in Canada were re-inventing the attack on San Donato, while the royal Canadian regiment, rcr, shifted northwards toward San Donato, joining the 48th and ppcli... On the 8th of November, Major General Vokes rethought the Moro invasion: the army of the 48th highlanders and the Princess Patricia canadian canadian infantry in Canada were to take San Donato, while the 48th highlanders and Prince Edward canadian infantry in Canada were to resume the attack on San Donato, while the 48th highlanders and Prince Edward canadian infantry in Canada were re-inventing the attack on San Donato, while the royal Canadian regiment, rcr, was moved northwards to San Donato to join the 48th and ppcli. On the 8th of November, Major Vokes set about preparing a new plan for the attack of the Moro. The 48th highlanders and the Prince-Patricia canadian infantry of the Canadian light infantry were to take San Donato again, while the 48th highlanders and Prince-Eugene canadian infantry of Canada were to attack San Donato, while the Royal Canadian regiment, rcr, moved northwards to San Donato to join the 48th and ppcli. But they could not capture San Leonardo, Hastings and Prince-Eugene sent two rifle companies to aid the highlanders, because the seaforth b company had attacked San Leonardo and suffered 129 casualties. Then the germans still controlled San Donato, and the Hastings and Prince-Eugene regiment retreated to the southern bank of the Moro. On the 8th of November, Major Vokes made up a new plan to attack the Moro. The 48th highlanders and Prince-Eugene canadian infantry of the Canadian light infantry would again take San Donato, while the 48th highlanders and Prince-Eugene canadian infantry in Canada would re-invent the attack on San Donato, while the Royal Canadian regiment, rcr, shifted northwards to San Donato, to join the 48th and ppcli. But they did not capture San Leonardo, Hastings and Prince-Eugene sent two rifle companies to help the highlanders, for the seaforth b company fought against San Leonardo and incurred 129 casualties. The 82nd Highlanders and the Prince-Philippe Canadian infantry of Canada returned to San Donato, while the 48th Highlanders and Prince-Eugenecan infantry of Canada re-invented the attack on San Donato, while the Royal Canadian regiment rcr moved northwards to San Donato to join the 48th and ppcli. On the 8th of November, Major Vokes made a new plan for the attack on the Moro River. However, the single company bringing the attack had little territorial advantage, and Lieutenant .. two companies had retreated, against the strong and prepared german defenses of the 200th panzergrenadier regiment. Then the armour and equipment were to move to San Leonardo the next day. Two companies had already retreated against the strong and ready German defenses of the 200th panzergrenadier regiment. Then the armour and equipment were to be transported to San Leonardo on the following day. On the evening of 8 / 9 december the RCR was subjected to a counterattack by the 200th panzergrenadier regiment, which was repulsed with continuous canadian artillery bombardment. At nightfall all four companies had their tenuous positions in the thick of the german defenses. On the evening of 8 / 9 december the RCR was faced with the German army's 200th Panzergrenadier regiment, which was repeatedly beaten by the canadian artillery bombardment. In the evening the RCR was attacked by the 200th Panzergrenadier regiment, which was repulsed by constant artillery bombardment. Two companies had already retreated against the German defenses of the 200th Panzergrenadier regiment. Then the armour and equipment were to be carried to San Leonardo the next day. By morning the bridge over the Moro River was completed, enabling the tanks of the 14th armoured regiment (the cavalry regiment) to transport two seaforth highlanders across the river into San Leonardo. As of this evening, on 8 and 9 december, the RCR was confronted by the German army’s 200th Panzergrenadier Regiment, a foe beaten repeatedly by the constant artillery of the canadian. At nightfall, all four companies were forced to their side in the thick of the German defenses. Two companies had already retreated, against the German defenses of the 200th Panzergrenadier Regiment, and the armor and equipment would be transported to San Leonardo the next day. Two companies had already retreated against the German defenses of the 200th Panzergrenadier Regiment. Then the armor and equipment would be transported to San Leonardo the next day. In the morning the bridge over the Moro River was completed, enabling tanks of the 14th infantry regiment (the cavalry regiment) to carry two highlanders across the river to San Leonardo. On the evening of 8 and 9 the RCR was pressed by the German army's 200th Panzergrenadier regiment, which was repeatedly beaten by the canadian artillery. It was not long before the 2nd volley of the 2nd volley was smashed into the enemy's ranks and the 2nd volley was fired. 2nd volley had already been fired against the 2nd volley of the 200th volley and the armour and equipment would be shipped to San Leonardo the next day. Two volleys had already been fired against the 2nd volley of the 2nd volley, the 2nd volley, which was continuously slammed in the city. By nightfall, all four volleys were pressed into the thick of the German defense. At nightfall all four companies were forced into the thick of the German defense. On the evening of 8 and 9 the RCR was confronted by the German army's 200th Panzergrenadier regiment, which was constantly beaten by the canadian artillery. In the evening, the 2nd volley, which was reinforced by the constant artillery, was defeated. On the evening of 8 and 9 the RCR was faced with the German army's 200th Panzergrenadier regiment, which was constantly beaten by the canadian artillery. Two companies had already fled to the German defenses of the 200th Panzergrenadier regiment, and the armor and equipment were to be carried to San Leonardo the next day. On the evening of 8 and 9 the RCR was attacked by the German army's 200th Panzergrenadier regiment, which was repeatedly beaten by the canadian artillery. At nightfall all four companies had their tenuous positions in the thick of the German defenses. - Two companies had already fled, against the strong and prepared German defenses of the 200th Panzergrenadier Regiment. Then the armour and equipment would be brought to San Leonardo on the next day. On the evening of 8 and 9 the RCR was confronted by the German army's 200th Panzergrenadier Regiment, constantly beaten by the Canadian artillery. On the evening of 8 and 9 the RCR was confronted by the German army's 200th Panzergrenadier Regiment, constantly beaten by the canadian artillery. On the evening of 8 and 9 the RCR was confronted by the German army's 200th Panzergrenadier Regiment, which was constantly beaten by the canadian artillery. Then the armour and equipment were to be delivered to San Leonardo the following day. Two companies had already retreated against the German defenses of the 200th Panzergrenadier Regiment, and the armor and equipment would be delivered to San Leonardo the next day. On the evening of 8 and 9 the RCR was confronted by the German army's 200th Panzergrenadier Regiment, which was continually beaten by the canadian artillery. The 2nd volley of the second volley was hit in the city and the 2nd volley was smashed. At nightfall all four companies were pressed into the thick of the German defense. On the evening of 8 and 9 the RCR was confronted by the German army's 200th Panzergrenadier Regiment, which was continually beaten by the canadian artillery. The two companies had already retreated to the German defenses of the 200th Panzergrenadier Regiment, and the armor and equipment would be delivered to San Leonardo on the following day. On the evening of 8 and 9 the RCR was confronted by the German army's 200th Panzergrenadier regiment, which was repeatedly beaten by the canadian artillery. Twovolleys had already been fired on the second volley of the 200th volley, and the armor and equipment were to be shipped to San Leonardo the next day. In the early hours of 8 december the New Zealand commander, bernard freyberg, ordered the withdrawal from the city with a view to renewing the attack after the withdrawal of artillery and bombers.... During the early hours of 8 december the New Zealand commander—BERNARD FREDELBROOK—ordered that the force withdraw from the town, in order to re-start the attack, since artillery and bombers had now improved..... With no crossing for the river, the Indian engineers took to building a bridge over the moro, which was completed on the 9th of December, and which opened to the infantry and the supporting armour on the far bank. In the early hours of 8 december, the New Zealand commander, bernard freyberg, ordered the enemy to withdraw from the city, and to start a fresh attack after the withdrawal of artillery and bombers. The first attacks, the beginning of the first attack... in the early hours of 8 december the New Zealand commander, bernard freyberg, ordered that the troops withdraw from the city in order to renew the attack after the withdrawal of artillery and bombers...... after the loss of San Leónardo and the moro river, the 90th panzergrenadier division of the 90th panzergrenadier division withdraws to a main defense line, about three kilometers (three and a half mi) north of San Leónardo... In the early hours of 8 december, the New Zealand commander —BERNARD FREDELBROOK — ordered the enemy to withdraw from the city, and to renew the attack, since the artillery and the bombers had improved... In the early hours of 8 december, the New Zealand commander —BERNARD FREDELBROOK — ordered the troops to withdraw from the city, to resume the attack after the withdrawal of artillery and bombers. Then, as the enemy was unable to cross the river, the Indian engineers built a bridge across the moro, which was completed on the ninth of December, and which opened to infantry and supporting armies on the far bank. The first attack, the first attack... In the early hours of 8 december, the New Zealand commander, bernard freyberg, ordered the enemy to withdraw from the city, in order to resume the attack after the withdrawal of artillery and bombers...... however, the german defenses were very well prepared, with gun pits, bunkers, and shelters. In the early hours of 8 december, the New Zealand commander, Bernard Frélbrd, ordered the troops to withdraw from the city in order to re-start the attack, since the artillery and the bombers were improved. In the early hours of 8 december, the New Zealand commander, Bernard Frélbrd, ordered the troops to withdraw from the city, in order to re-start the attack, since the artillery and the bombers had improved... in the early hours of 8 december, the New Zealand commander, Bernard Frélbrd, ordered the soldiers to withdraw from the city in order to continue the attack after the withdrawal of artillery and bombers. The first attacks, the first attacks... In the first days of 8 december, the New Zealand commander, Bernard Frélberg, ordered the troops to withdraw from the city, in order to re-start the attack, since the artillery and the bombers had improved... In the early hours of 8 december, the New Zealand commander, Bernard Frélberg, ordered the troops to withdraw from the city, in order to re-start the attack, since the artillery and the bombers had improved... In the early hours of 8 december, the New Zealand commander, Bernard Frélberg, ordered the troops to withdraw from the city, in order to resume the attack after the removal of artillery and bombers. The first attack, the first attack... in the early hours of 8 december, the New Zealand commander, Bernard Frélberg, ordered the troops to withdraw from the city, to resume the attack after the withdrawal of artillery and bombers... The first attack, the first attack... In the early hours of 8 december, the New Zealand commander, bernard freyberg, ordered the troops to withdraw from the city, in order to resume the attack after the withdrawal of artillery and bombers. “In the early hours of 8 december the New Zealand commander, Lieutenant-Colonel Bernard, orders the army to withdraw from the city in order to attack again, since the artillery and the bombers had improved. In the early hours of 8 december the New Zealand commander, Lieutenant-Colonel Bernard, orders the army to withdraw from the city in order to attack again after the withdrawal of artillery and bombers. The first attack, the first attack... in the early hours of 8 december the New Zealand commander, Lieutenant-Colonel Bernard, orders the army to withdraw from the city in order to resume the attack after the withdrawal of artillery and bombers... In the early hours of 8 december, the New Zealand commander, Lieutenant-Colonel Bernard, orders the troops to withdraw from the city, to resume the attack after the withdrawal of artillery and bombers. In the early hours of 8 december, the New Zealand commander, Lieutenant-Colonel Bernard, orders the army to withdraw from the city in order to resume the attack after the withdrawal of artillery and bombers... First attack, first attack... In the first days of 8 december, the New Zealand commander, Bernard, orders the troops to withdraw from the city, to resume the attack after the withdrawal of artillery and bombers... In the early hours of 8 december, the New Zealand commander, Bernard, orders the troops to withdraw from the city, to resume the attack after the withdrawal of artillery and bombers... in the early hours of 8 december, the New Zealand commander, Bernard, orders the troops to withdraw from the city, to resume the attack after the withdrawal of artillery and bombers. The first attack, the first attack... in the early hours of 8 december, the New Zealand commander, Bernard, ordered the troops to withdraw from the city, in order to resume the attack after the withdrawal of artillery and bombers... the first attack, the first attack... the first attack, the first attack... the first attack, the first attack... At the beginning of 8 december the New Zealand commander, Bernard Frelberg, orders the troops to withdraw from the city in order to make an attack again, since the artillery and bombers have improved. The first attack, the first attack... The first attack, the first attack... In the early hours of 8 december the New Zealand commander, Bernard Frelberg, orders the troops to withdraw from the city, in order to make an attack again, since the artillery and bombers have improved... In the early hours of 8 december the New Zealand commander, Bernard Frelberg, orders the troops to withdraw from the city, to make an attack after the withdrawal of artillery and bombers... In the early hours of 8 december the New Zealand commander, Bernard Frelberg, orders the troops to withdraw from the city, to begin the attack after the withdrawal of artillery and bombers... In the early hours of 8 december, the New Zealand commander, Bernard, orders the troops to withdraw from the city, to start the attack after the withdrawal of artillery and bombers... First attack, first attack... In the early hours of 8 december, the New Zealand commander, Bernard, orders the troops to withdraw from the city, to resume the attack after the withdrawal of artillery and bombers... In the early hours of 8 december, the New Zealand commander, Bernard, orders the troops to withdraw from the city, to resume the attack after the withdrawal of artillery and bombers. The first attack, the first attack... In the early hours of 8 december, the New Zealand commander, Bernard, orders the troops to withdraw from the city, to resume the attack after the withdrawal of artillery and bombers... First attack, the first attack... In the early hours of 8 december, the New Zealand commander, Bernard, orders the troops to withdraw from the city, to resume the attack after the withdrawal of artillery and bombers. First attack, the first attack... in the early hours of 8 december, the New Zealand commander, Bernard, orders the troops to withdraw from the city, to resume the attack after the withdrawal of artillery and bombers... First attack, first attack... In the early hours of 8 december, the New Zealand commander, Bernard, orders the troops to withdraw from the city, to resume the To the west, Princess Patricia’s canadian infantry did not fare much better; C company suffered heavy casualties. On the 13th of the month, two battalions of the 3rd Canadian infantry brigade attacked, and the attacks were repelled by the brave german resistance. In the west Princess Patricia's infantry did not fare much better; C Company suffered heavy casualties. On the 13th of the month, two battalions of the 3rd Canadian infantry brigade attacked the camp, and the attack was foiled by the brave german resistance. On the evening of the 13th of the month, the severely depleted 90th panzergrenadier division were retreated by the units of the 1st parachute division. On the 13th of the month, two battalions of the 3rd Canadian infantry brigade attacked the camp, and the attacks were overcome by the brave german resistance. Princess Patricia’s infantry was not much better than the other two, C Company suffered heavy casualties. Princess Patricia’s infantry did not do well in the west; C Company suffered heavy casualties. On the 13th of the month, two battalions of the 3rd Canadian infantry brigade attacked the camp, and the attack was stifled by the brave german resistance. c Company—under the command of Lieutenant Paul triquet—attacked the village with support from the Ontario regiment, while d Company engaged in firefights north of the village. This evening, the severely depleted 90th panzergrenadier division of Princess Patricia was retreated by the troops of the 1st parachute division. Princess Patricia’s infantry was not very good in the west; C Company suffered heavy casualties. In the west Princess Patricia’s infantry did not perform very well; C Company suffered heavy casualties. On the 13th of the month, two battalions of the 3rd Canadian infantry brigade attacked the camp, and the attack was defeated by the brave german resistance. On the 13th of the month, two battalions of the 3rd Canadian infantry brigade attacked the camp, and the attacks were repelled by the brave german resistance. On the 13th of the month, two battalions of the 3rd Canadian infantry brigade attacked the camp, and the attacks were stifled by the brave german resistance. At 14:30 c Company began their assault on the manor house in Casa berardi, some two miles away (one mile, one mile) away. Despite the arrival of some panzer ivs, triquet’s remaining forces captured the manor house at 14:30... The west Princess Patricia’s infantry did not do much better; C Company suffered heavy casualties. On the 13th of the month two battalions of the 3rd Canadian infantry brigade attacked the camp and the attacks were repelled by the brave german resistance. Princess Patricia’s infantry did not do well in the west; C Company suffered heavy casualties. Princess Patricia’s infantry did not do well in the west; C Company suffered heavy casualties. On the 13th of the month two battalions of the 3rd Canadian infantry brigade attacked the camp, and the attacks were defeated by the brave german resistance. Princess Patricia’s infantry was not very well in the west; C Company suffered heavy casualties. On the 13th of the month two battalions of the 3rd Canadian infantry brigade attacked the camp, and the attacks were suppressed by the brave german resistance. Princess Patricia’s infantry did not do well in the west; C Company suffered heavy casualties. Princess Patricia’s infantry was not very well in the west; C Company suffered heavy casualties. On the 13th of the month two battalions of the 3rd Canadian infantry brigade attacked the camp, and the attacks were stifled by the brave german resistance. If you go north, the south will be hard for you to find, and you will have to go north, and you will be unlucky if you make it up. The north will be hard for you, and you will have to fight your way up north. The north will be hard for you, and you will have to fight your way up and down and have to fight for your way. In the west Princess Patricia’s infantry is not doing very well; you will have to fight your way up. On the 13th of the month two battalions of the 3rd Canadian infantry brigade attacked the camp and they were defeated by the brave german resistance. The 12th of the month, the British 17th infantry brigade—the first of the 5th division’s brigades—has attacked the camp, and the attacks are stifled by the brave german resistance. On the 13th of the month two battalions of the 3rd Canadian infantry brigade attacks the camp and they are defeated by the brave german resistance. Princess Patricia’s infantry is not very good in the west; C Company suffers heavy casualties. Princess Patricia’s infantry is not very good in the west; C Company suffers heavy casualties. Princess Patricia’s infantry is not very good in the west; C Company suffers heavy casualties. Princess Patricia’s infantry is not very good in the west; C Company suffers heavy casualties. On the 13th of the month, two battalions of the 3rd Canadian infantry brigade attacked the camp, and the attacks were repelled by the brave german resistance. At 14:30, c Company began assault on the house of Casa Berardi, some two miles (one mile, one mile) away, despite the presence of a few panzer ivs, c Company took possession of the house at 14:30... When the 5th division headquarters and its other brigades had arrived, these two left-handed divisions were to be formed under the command of Lieutenant General Major Miles Dempsey... to the left of the canadian division, the 21st brigade of the Indian Division had on the 13th of December established a solid bridgehead around the “impossible bridge.” The 5th division headquarters and the other brigades had been placed there, and they were to be formed under the command of Lieutenant General Major Miles Dempsey... on the left of the canadian division, the 21st brigade of the Indian Division had on the 13th of December established a solid bridgehead around the ‘impossible bridge’..., on the 14th of December a second 8th division brigade – the 17th Indian infantry brigade – passed through and entered caldari..., that night a second 8th Indian division brigade – the 17th Indian infantry brigade – passed through and approached to the 'impossible bridge.' At the time of the arrival of the 5th division and the other brigades, they would be formed under the command of Lieutenant General Major Miles Dempsey... On the left of the canadian division, the 21st brigade of the Indian Division established a solid bridgehead around the impossible bridge. On the 14th of December, a second 8th brigade of the Indian Division, the 17th Indian infantry brigade, passed through and entered caldari... The next night a second 8th Indian division brigade of the Indian Division - the 17th Indian infantry brigade - passed through and swung into the impossible bridge. The 5th division headquarters and the other brigades were already placed there and were to be formed under the command of Lieutenant General Major Miles Dempsey... to the left of the Candian division, the 21st brigade of the Indian Division, on the 13th of December, established a solid bridge around the "impossible bridge." Then, at 1 o'clock on the 15th of december, the New Zealand division, with the decision not to attack orsogna, launched their 5th brigade in operation florence, a new flanking attack on the right of the village... The 5th Division Headquarters and the other brigades had been placed there, and they would be formed under the command of Lieutenant General Major Miles Dempsey... To the left of the Candian Division, the 21st brigade of the Indian Division established a solid bridgehead around the impossible bridge. On the 14th of December, a second 8th brigade of the Indian Division, the 17th Indian Infantry Brigade, passed through and entered caldari... on the 14th, a second 8th brigade of the Indian Division, the 17th Indian Infantry Brigade, passed through and entered the impossible bridge... on the 14th of December, a second 8th brigade of the Indian Division, the 17th Indian Infantry Brigade, passed through and entered caldari... The next night, a second 8th Indian Division brigade of the Indian Division, the 17th Indian Infantry Brigade, passed through and crossed the impossible bridge.... The 5th division headquarters and the other brigades were already assembled and constituted under the command of Lieutenant General Major Miles Dempsey... to the left of the Candian division, the 21st brigade of the Indian Division established a solid bridge – around the impossible bridge. Then, at one o'clock on the 15th of November, the New Zealand division decided not to attack orsogna, and, at florence, launched a new flanking attack on the right side of the village. But, at a very moment, the germans were counterattacking, laying in a trench in the defending territory, the 6th parachute regiment sent by herr to the 26th panzer division to relieve the exhausted 9th panzergrenadier regiment. It was at one o'clock on the 15th of November that the New Zealand division decided not to attack orsogna and started on a new flanking attack on the right of the village. On the 14th of December, a second 8th brigade of the Indian division, the 17th Infantry Brigade, passed through and entered the impossible bridge... on the 14th, a second 8th brigade of the Indian division, the 17th Infantry Brigade, passed through and entered the impossible bridge... The next night, a second 8th Indian division brigade of the Indian division, the 17th Infantry Brigade, passed through and entered the impossible bridge. The 5th division headquarters and the other brigades were already there, and were formed under the command of Lieutenant General Major Miles Dempsey... To the left of the Candian division, the 21st brigade of the Indian division established a solid bridge around the impossible bridge. The 5th division headquarters and the other brigades had already been placed there and were formed under the command of Lieutenant General Major Miles Dempsey... To the left of the Candian division, the 21st brigade of the Indian division established a solid bridge around the impossible bridge. Then at 1 o'clock in November the New Zealand division decided not to attack orsogna and, at 1 o'clock, launched a new flanking attack on the right side of the village... Then on the 15th of November the New Zealand division decided not to attack orsogna and, at 1 o'clock, launched a new flanking attack on the right side of the village....... The 20th regiment had repelled the attack by attacking Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. The tank formations had become separated from the infantry, and the tanks became a target rather than a threat. Operation florence was now at an end... The 20th regiment had repelled the attack by attacking Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. The tanks had been separated from the infantry, and the tanks became a target rather than a threat. Operation florence was at an end... while the german line had been pushed back, and suffered casualties they could not afford, they still had an invincible hold on orsogna. Besides, the new zealand division was undergoing a reorganization and needed a period of consolidation and reorganisation. The 20th regiment had repelled the attack by attacking Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. The tanks had been separated from the infantry, and the tanks were a target rather than a threat. The 20th regiment had repelled the attack by attacking Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. The tanks had been separated from the infantry, and the tanks were a target instead of a threat. The brook was over... while the German line was being pushed back and suffered casualties which they could not pay, they still had an invincible hold on Orsogna. Besides, the new zealand division was in a reorganization and needed a period of consolidation and reorganisation. The 20th regiment had repelled the attack by attacking Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. The tanks had been separated from the infantry, and the tanks were a target rather than a threat. The 20th regiment had repelled the attack by attacking Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. The tanks had been separated from the infantry, and the tanks were a target rather than a threat. Operation Fleece was over... while the German line was being pulled back and suffered casualties that they could not pay, they still held Orsogna. The 18th regiment had repelled the attack by attacking Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. The tanks had been separated from the infantry, and the tanks were a target rather than a threat. At 07 o'clock on 15 December, two companies of the carleton and york regiment attacked. The 20th regiment had repelled the attack by attacking Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. The tanks had been separated from the infantry, and the tanks were a target rather than a threat. The 20th regiment had repelled the attack by attacking Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. The tanks had been separated from the infantry, and the tanks were a target rather than a threat. The brook was over... while the German line was being pulled back and suffering casualties they could not pay, they still held Orsogna. On the afternoon of the twenty-seventh of December, the two heavily weakened companies of the Royal Regiment fought off a large German counterattack at Casa Berardi, and the royal canadian artillery fired five, three hundred rounds at the support of the British. The 18th regiment repelled the attack by attacking Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. The tanks were separated from the infantry, and the tanks were a target rather than a threat. The 20th regiment repelled the attack by attacking Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. The tanks were separated from the infantry, and the tanks were a target rather than a threat. On the 18th of December two regiments of the royal army fought off a German counterattack on Casa Berardi. The Royal German artillery fired 58,333,398 shots on support of the Canadian forces. The 20th regiment repelled the attack by attacking Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. The tanks were separated from the infantry, and the tanks were a target instead of a threat. On the evening of the twenty-seventh of December, two heavily weakened companies of the Royal Regiment fought off a German counterattack on Casa Berardi, and the royal canadian artillery fired five, three hundred rounds at the British defense. The 20th regiment repelled the attack by attacking Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. The tanks were separated from the infantry, and the tanks were a target instead of a threat. The brook was over... while the German line was being pushed back and suffered casualties which they could not pay, they still held Orsogna. The 20th regiment repelled the attack by attacking Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. The tanks were separated from the infantry, and the tanks were a target rather than a threat. On December 18th, two regiments of the Royal Regiment fought off a German counterattack on Casa Berardi, and the royal canadian artillery fired five, three hundred shots at the British. Moreover, the new zealand division was in a reorganization, and needed a period of consolidation and reorganisation. The 20th regiment repelled the attack by attacking Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. The tanks were separated from the infantry, and the tanks were a target rather than a threat. At 07 o'clock on 15 December, two companies of the carleton and the york regiment attacked. The brook was over... while the German line was being pulled back and suffering from injuries they could not pay, they still held Orsogna. The 1700th of December, two regiments of the royal army were in combat with a German counterattack on Casa Berardi. The Royal German artillery fired at the British army at 5,330,398 yards. The 18th regiment repelled the attack by attacking Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. The tanks were separated from the infantry, and the tanks were a target rather than a threat. The 18th regiment repelled the attack by attacking Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. The tanks were separated from the infantry, and the tanks were a target rather than a threat. On the evening of the twenty-seventh of December two regiments of the Royal Regiment fought off a German counterattack on Casa Berardi, and the Royal Canadian artillery fired five, three hundred shots at the British. The 18th regiment repelled the attack by attacking Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks, the tanks were separated from the infantry, and the tanks were a target rather than a threat. On the afternoon of the twenty-seventh of December two regiments of the Royal Regiment fought off a German counterattack on Casa Berardi, and the Royal Canadian artillery fired five, three hundred shots at the British. On the evening of the twenty-seventh of December two regiments of the Royal Regiment fought off a German counterattack at Casa Berardi, and the Royal Canadian artillery fired five, three hundred rounds at the British defense. The 20th Regiment repelled the attack by attacking Orsogna with two squadrons of Sherman tanks. The tanks were separated from the infantry, and the tanks were a target rather than a threat. It is a second attack at first... at first, it was a most excellent one... at first, the attack went very well. The Royal Canadian Regiment would march north, overtaking the cider itself, and then up the ortona... orsogna road. At first it was a splendid attack... at first it was a very good attack. The Royal Canadian Regiment went north, overtaking the cider itself, and then following the ortona... orsogna road. At first the attack was very well conducted. But when the artillery redoubled its fire, the German defenses soon recovered and the rifles were soon fired. All the retorts of the Royal Canadian Regiment were killed or wounded. The Royal Canadian Regiment marched north, overtaking the cider itself, and then headed for the Ortona... orsogna road. It was a very good attack. At first the attack was very good. But when the artillery was redoubled, the German defenses soon recovered, and the rifles were soon fired. The Royal Canadian Regiment would march north, overtaking the cider itself, and then heading for the Ortona... orsogna road. It was a second attack, at first a very excellent one, at first a very good one. During the following day, the Canadian troops were sworn off and the royal canadian regiment fought the crossroads at noon. The Royal Canadian Regiment would go north, overtaking the cider itself, and then up the Ortona... orsogna road. It was a splendid attack... at first a very good one. It was a second attack... at first a most excellent one... at first it was very good. The Royal Canadian Regiment would march north, overtaking the cider itself, and then go to the Ortona... orsogna road. The Royal Canadian Regiment would go north, overtaking the cider itself, and then the Ortona... orsogna road. It was a very good attack. The artillery was redoubled, and the German defenses soon recovered, and the rifles were fired. At night the Russians controlled the crossroads and nearly no resistance was met. At first the attack was very good. However, German forces had already evacuated the gully, and fell back to prepare for the strong defense of the ortona, with elements of the powerful 1st parachute division firmly entrenched in the city. At first the attack was very good. But when the artillery was doubled, the German defense soon recovered, and the rifles were fired. The Canadian Regiment went north, overtaking the cider itself, and then went to the Ortona... orsogna road. The Canadian Regiment marched north, overtaking the cider itself, and then to the Ortona... orsogna road. It was a splendid attack... at first very good. The Royal Canadian Regiment marched north, overtaking the cider itself, and then went to the Ortona... orsogna road. It was a splendid attack... at first very good. The Canadian Regiment walked north, overtaken the cider itself, and then walked to the Ortona... orsogna road. It was a splendid attack... at first very good. During the night the Russians took possession of the crossroads and almost no resistance was received. During the following day the Canadian troops were sworn off, and the royal Canadian regiment was fought at the crossroads. The morning of the 28th was a plethora of bloody battles. The 2nd brigade of the 19th Indian Regiment was ordered to attack villa grande and exploit the gains to the east and the Adrai river which runs from the mountains into Tollo to the Adriatic. The Royal Canadian Regiment went north, overtaking the cider itself, and then up the Ortona... orsogna road. The Canadian Regiment went north, overtaking the cider itself, and then on the Ortona... orsogna road. The Russians seized the crossroads and almost no resistance was received. The following day the Canadian troops were sworn off, and the royal Canadian regiment was fought at the crossroads. The 2nd brigade of the 19th Indian Regiment was ordered to attack the villa grande and exploit the gains in the east and the Adrai River, which flows from the mountains to Tollo and the Adriatic. The Russians took possession of the crossroads at night and almost no resistance was received. At first the attack was very good. But when the artillery was redoubled, the German defenses quickly recovered, and the rifles were fired. The Royal Canadian Regiment walked north, overtaken the cider itself and then went to the Ortona... orsogna road. The Russian Regiment walked north, overtaken the cider itself, and then reached the Ortona... orsogna road. The Russian Regiment marched north, overtaken the cider itself, and then crossed the Ortona... orsogna road. The Russian Regiment walked north, overtaken the cider itself, and then crossed the Ortona... orsogna road. The Russian Regiment went north, overtaken the cider itself, and then crossed the Ortona... orsogna road. The retorts of the Canadian Regiment were killed or wounded. The morning of the 28th of November was filled with numerous combatants. In the south of villa grande, the 3rd / 15th punjabis took vezzano on 23. On 24th of November, the 3rd / 15th punjabis took vezzano and formed a continuous brigade. It was a very good first assault. But when the artillery was redoubled, the German defenses soon recovered, and the rifles were fired. The Royal Canadian Regiment went north, overtaking the cider itself, and then on the Ortona... orsogna road. The second assault was very good; the second attack was very good; but when the artillery was redoubled, the German defenses soon recovered, and the rifles were fired. The morning of the 28th of November was filled with bloody battles. The 2nd brigade of the 19th Regiment was ordered to attack the villa grande and exploit the gains in the east and the Adrai River, which flows from the mountains into Tollo and the Adriatic. The 2nd brigade of the 19th Regiment was ordered to attack the villa grande and exploit the gains in the east and the Adrai River, which flows from the mountains to Tollo and the Adriatic. The Russians took possession of the crossroads at night, and almost no resistance was received. The Russians captured the crossroads at night and almost no resistance was received. The Russians took possession of the crossroads and almost no resistance was received. The Russian Regiment walked north, swept over the cider itself and then walked to the Ortona... orsogna road. The Russian Regiment walked north, swept over the cider itself, and then went to the Ortona... orsogna road. It was a splendid attack, a very good attack. The Russian Regiment walked north, swept over the cider itself and then walked to the Ortona... orsogna road. It was a splendid attack, at first very good; but when the artillery was doubled, the German defense soon recovered, and the rifles were fired. On the 28th of November the Russians seized the crossroads, almost no resistance was received. The Russian Regiment walked north, swept the cider itself, and then walked to the Ortona... orsogna road. The Canadian Regiment walked north, swept the cider itself, and then swept the Ortona... orsogna road. The Russian Regiment walked north, swept the cider itself, and then swept the Ortona... orsogna road. The Russian Regiment walked north, swept the cider itself, and then walked to the Ortona... orsogna road. The second brigade of the 19th Indian Regiment was ordered to attack the villa grande and exploit the gains in the east and the Adrai River, which flows from the mountains into Tollo and the Adriatic. On the 26th of November, the third battalion of the Royal West Kantese, supported by tanks, After the 26th of december the troops of the 8th Indian Division entered the village to find a shambles. After the 26th of december, the troops of the 8th Division went to the village to see a shambles. Then on the 23rd of december, the British 5th Infantry Division attacked on the right flank of the corps toward the arielli stream. The objective was to keep the flank of the 2nd New Zealand division, which in turn would attack from the west and north, so that the orsogna defenses could be reinforced from the north. After the 26th of December, the troops of the 8th Division went into the village to look at the rubbish. Then on the 23rd of December the British 5th Infantry Division took up the right flank of the corps, towards the Arrigoni River. The object of the attack was to keep the flank of the 2nd New Zealand division, which in turn would attack from the west and north, so as to reinforce the arielli defenses from the north. Then on the 25th of December the British 5th Infantry Division attacked on the right flank of the corps, at the arielli river, and in order to keep the line of the 2nd New Zealand division, which, in turn, would attack from the west and north, so that the orsogna defenses could be strengthened from the north. After the 26th of December, the troops of the 8th division entered the village to inspect the shabby state. The 26th of December, the troops of the 8th division went into the village to look at the shabby state. After the 26th of December, the troops of the 8th division went to the village to see the shabby state. After the 26th of December, the British 5th Infantry Division, under the command of the British Infantry Division, attacked the right flank of the corps on the Arrigoni River, in order to keep the line of the 2nd New Zealand division, which was attacking from the west and north, so as to strengthen the defense of the arielli. On the 24th of December, the British 5th Infantry Division attacked on the right flank of the corps, at the Arrigoni, in order to keep the line of the 2nd New Zealand division, and to continue the flank from the north, to strengthen the defense of the arielli. After the 26th of December, the troops of the 8th Division entered the village to look at the garbage. Then, on the 23rd of December, the British 5th Infantry Division attacked the right flank of the corps, toward the Arrigoni River. The object of this attack was to keep the flank of the 2nd New Zealand division, attacking from the west and north, so as to strengthen the defense of the arielli. On the 26th of December, the British 5th Infantry Division, under the command of the British Infantry Division, attacked the right flank of the corps on the Arrigoni River, with the object of keeping the flank of the 2nd New Zealand division, attacking from the west and north, so as to strengthen the arielli defenses from the north. After the 26th of December, the troops of the 8th Division went into the village to inspect the shabby state. German troops buried tanks in the rubble, leaving only the turrets exposed. Then, on the 25th of December, the British 5th Infantry Division, under the command of the British Infantry Division, attacked the right flank of the corps, towards the Arrigoni river, to keep the line of the 2nd New Zealand division, which in turn attacked from the west and from the north, so that the orsogna defenses could be strengthened from the north. On the 25th of December, the British 5th Infantry Division attacked the right flank of the corps at the Arrigoni river, in order to keep the line of the 2nd New Zealand division, which in turn attacked from the west and north, so that the arielli defense could be strengthened from the north. After the 26th of December, the British 5th Infantry Division attacked the right flank of the corps on the Arrigoni, with the aim of maintaining the line of the 2nd New Zealand division, which attacked from the west and north, so as to strengthen the defence of the arrigoni. After the 26th of December, the British 5th Infantry Division attacked the right flank of the corps, towards the Arrigoni, with the aim of maintaining the line of the 2nd New Zealand division, which attacked from the west and north, so as to strengthen the defence of the arrigoni. The 26th of December, the British 5th Infantry Division attacked the right flank of the corps, towards the Arrigoni River, with the object of keeping the 2nd New Zealand division, attacking from the west and from the north, to strengthen the arielli defense. On the 26th of December, the British 5th Infantry Division, under the command of the British Infantry Division, attacked the right flank of the corps, to the Arrigoni, in order to keep the 2nd New Zealand division, attacking from the west and north, to strengthen the arielli defense from the north. After the 26th of December, the British 5th Infantry Division, under the command of the British Infantry Division, attacked the right flank of the corps, to the Arrigoni, to keep the 2nd New Zealand division, attacking from the west and north, so that the arielli defense was strengthened from the north. After the 26th of December, the troops of the 8th division entered the village to look at the shabby situation. On the 26th of December, the British 5th Infantry Division, under the command of the British Infantry Division, attacked the right flank of the corps, to the Arrigoni, in order to keep the 2nd New Zealand division, attacking from the west and north, so that the arielli defenses were strengthened from the north. On the 25th of December, the British 5th Infantry Division attacked the right flank of the corps, at the Arrigoni, in order to maintain the line of the 2nd New Zealand division, attacking from the west and north, so that the orsogna defense could be strengthened from the north. When the soldiers of the 8th Division had entered the village on the 26th of November, the army of the 8th Division went to inspect the abandoned village, and on the 26th of December, the British 5th Infantry Division attacked the right flank of the corps at the Arrigoni, in order to keep the line of the 2nd New Zealand division, attacking from the west and north, so as to strengthen the arielli defense. On the 26th of December, the British 5th Infantry Division attacked the right flank of the corps on the Arrigoni, in order to keep the line of the 2nd New Zealand division, attacking from the west and north, so as to strengthen the arielli defense. The 26th of December, the British 5th Infantry Division attacked the right flank of the corps, towards the Arrigoni, in order to keep the 2nd New Zealand division from the west and north, so as to strengthen the defense of the arielli. The 26th of December, the British 5th Infantry Division attacked the right flank of the corps, towards the Arrigoni, in order to keep the 2nd New Zealand division, attacking from the west and north, so as to strengthen the arielli defense from the north. On the 26th of December, the British 5th Infantry Division attacked the right flank of the corps, towards the Arrigoni, in order to keep the 2nd New Zealand division, attacking from the west and north, so that the arielli defenses could be strengthened from the north. On the 26th of December, the British 5th Infantry Division attacked the right flank of the corps, at the Arrigoni, in order to keep the 2nd New Zealand division, attacking from the west and north, to strengthen the arielli defense from the north. On the 25th of December, the British 5th Infantry Division attacked the right flank of the corps, at the Arrigoni, in order to keep the 2nd New Zealand division, attacking from the west and north, to strengthen the orsogna defense from the north. On the 25th of December, the British 5th Infantry Division attacked the right flank of the corps at the Arrigoni, to keep the 2nd New Zealand division, attacking from west and north, so that the arielli defense was strengthened from the north. The next day, the loyal regiment of ‘ During the next week, the battle of Ortona degenerated into a small, small scale version of the battle of stalingrad, with vicious combats between houses against the narrow streets and debris of Ortona... ‘ the Canadian army invented innovative ‘landscape mouse’ tactics, which were used between houses in order to avoid german sniper fire on the open streets. “During the next week the battle of Ortona was reduced to a small, little scale version of the battle of Stallingrad, with a furious struggle among the houses between the narrow streets and the debris of Ortona... ” The Canadian army invented new “landscape-stacking” tactics, used between houses in order to avoid german sniper fire on the open streets. The german counterattacks on 24 and 26 december had grave consequences for the canadian forces in the city. On 24 and 26 december the 1st parachute regiment abandoned the city, leaving ortona to the canadians. “Next week, the battle of Ortona was reduced to a small, small scale version of the battle of Stallingrad, with the vicious fighting between the houses against the narrow streets and the debris of Ortona... “ The Canadian army invented novel “landscape scramble” tactics, which were used between houses in order to avoid the German sniper fire on the open streets. The german counterattacks on 24 and 26 december had grave consequences for the forces of the city. On 24 and 26 december the 1st parachute regiment abandoned the city, leaving Ortona to the canadians. But on 31 december, as the V corps went down the coastal plain towards Pescara, a blizzard enveloped the battlefield. A blizzard of snow, sleet and biting winds paralyzed movements and communications on the ground, while cloud ceiling and visibility fell to nil and ground out the airforce. And the German army used novel landscape tactics to try and avoid the German sniper fire on the open streets. The Canadian army invented novel landscape-stacking, which was used between houses to try and avoid the German sniper fire on the open streets. The german counterattacks on 24 and 26 december had grave consequences for the forces of the city. The next week, the battle of Ortona was reduced to a small, small scale version of the battle of Stallingrad, with a furious struggle among the houses among the narrow streets and the debris of Ortona... “ Next week, the battle of Ortona was reduced to a small, small scale version of the battle of Stallingrad, with the vicious fighting between the houses between the narrow streets and the debris of Ortona...” montgomery, realizing that the eighth army had neither strength nor conditions to take to the bays and the via valeria to Rome, recommended to the General Alexei that the eighth army should be halted. The General Alexei agreed, but ordered him to use offensive patrols to keep the divisions of the lxxii panzer corps in the adriatic sector and to prevent kesselring them to reinforce the lxxiv panzer corps front opposite mark clark ’s u... At the end of the last week the battle of Ortona was reduced to a small, small scale version of the battle of Stallingrad, with a fierce fighting between houses between the narrow streets and the debris of Ortona...'Next week the battle of Ortona was reduced to a small, small scale version of the battle of Stallingrad, with a violent struggle among the houses between the narrow streets and the debris of Ortona...'- The Canadian army invented innovative strategies for'stacking' houses between houses, to avoid German snipers on the open streets., in a small and small way the German army resorted to clever terrain scrambling between houses in order to avoid the German sniper fire on the open streets. - The Russian army, realizing that the eighth army had neither strength nor a lack of resources to advance to the bays and the via valeria to Rome, recommended to the general Alexei that the eighth army should be halted. But on 31 October, when the V corps rushed down the coast toward Pescara, a blizzard enveloped the ground, a snowstorm, sleet, and bitter winds paralyzed the airforce, and the airforce's buildings collapsed to nothing, and the airforce was paralyzed. As spring approached, Alexei concentrated his forces in great secrecy by cutting off the adriatic flank, and bringing the whole of the eighth army's weight to the cassino front... The German counterattacks on 24 and 26 december had grave consequences for the canadian forces in the city. But on 31 december, as the V corps went down the coastal plain to Pescara, a blizzard of snow, sleet, and bitter winds engulfed the ground, and a cloud ceiling and visibility dropped and ground the airforce. The German army adapted novel "landscape scramble" to avoid German sniper fire on the open streets. The Canadian army invented innovative "landscape scramble" to avoid German sniper fire on the open streets. In the next week, the battle of Ortona was reduced to a small, small scale version of the battle of Stallingrad, with a fierce struggle among the houses between the narrow streets and the debris of Ortona... " The German army, realizing that the eighth army had neither strength nor resources to go to the bays and the via valeria to Rome, recommended to the general Alexei that the eighth army should be halted. "The Russian army, realizing that the eighth army had neither strength nor facilities to go to the bays and the via valeria to Rome, recommended to the general Alexei that the eighth army should be halted. The Russian army, realizing that the eighth army did not have any strength or conditions to go to the bays and the via valeria to Rome, recommended to the general Alexei that the eighth army should be stopped. On the eve of the 31st of October, the V corps ran down the coast toward Pescara, and the ground was covered with snow, sleet, and bitter winds, causing disruption of movement and communications, and destroying the airforce's buildings, suffocating it. The German army invented new "landscape scramble" between houses, in order to avoid German sniper fire on the open streets. On the 24th and 26th of October, the 1st cavalry regiment abandoned the city, leaving Ortona to the canadians. The German army invented new "landscape scramble" between houses, in order to avoid German sniper fire on the open streets, the German army adapted the "landscape scramble" between houses in order to avoid German sniper fire on the open streets. " The next week, the battle of Ortona was reduced to a small, small scale version of the battle of Stallingrad, with a fierce fight between houses between narrow streets and debris" [24] "The next week the battle of Ortona was reduced to a small, small scale version of the battle of Stallingrad, with the fierce fighting between houses between narrow streets and debris"