 ... c. 1155 – 1234... he was a medieval bishop of hereford. He was related to his predecessor at hereford... and served as a priest and judge of the diocese, and was a failed candidate for the bishopric of St. David’s wales... In the year 1155 he was ordained bishop of hereford. He was related to his predecessor hereford. He served as a priest and judge of the diocese, and was unsuccessful in the ordination of St. David's wales. During his reign he worked mainly in the ecclesiastical office, but occasionally he served as a royal administrator. In 1219 he was appointed bishop of hereford. The year 1155 he was ordained Bishop of Hereford. He was related to his predecessor hereford, and served as a priest and judge of the diocese and failed to receive the bishopric of St. David's wales. During his reign he was in the highest administrative capacity, but occasionally served as a royal administrator. Probably he was the son of roger foliot and his wife rohese. He was probably born in 1150 or 1160. He was related in some way to robert foliot, his predecessor hereford. He was a medieval bishop of hereford. He was a relative of his predecessor hereford. He was a priest and judge of the diocese, and he was unsuccessful in the episcopacy of St David's. In the year 1155 he was ordained bishop of hereford. He was related to his predecessor hereford, served as priest and judge of the diocese, and failed to receive the episcopacy of St David's. In 1155 he was ordained bishop of hereford. He was related to his predecessor hereford, and served as priest and judge of the diocese, and was not ordained to the episcopacy of St David's wales. He served mainly in the church office, but occasionally served as royal administrator. From 1212 to 1219 he served as a bishop of the cathedral of hereford, then he became Archdeacon of Shropshire. In the year 1155 he was ordained bishop of hereford. He was related to his predecessor hereford, served as a priest and judge of the diocese and failed to receive the episcopal ordination of St David's. In the year 1155 he was ordained bishop of hereford. He was related to his predecessor hereford, served as a priest and judge of the diocese, and failed to receive the episcopal ordination of St David's. He served in ecclesiastical work, but occasionally he served as a royal administrator. In the year 1155 he was ordained bishop of hereford, he was related to his predecessor hereford, he served as priest and judge of the diocese, and failed to receive the episcopal ordination of St David's. In 1215 he was also the candidate of king john for the see of St David in wales, but was not elected. Probably he was the son of robert foliot and his wife Rohese. He was a medieval bishop of hereford, a relative of his predecessor hereford, a priest and judge of the diocese, and had failed to obtain the episcopal ordination of St David. During his reign he was mostly concerned with the ecclesiastical and royal administration. In 1155 he was ordained bishop of hereford. He was related to his predecessor hereford, served as priest and judge of the diocese, and failed to obtain the episcopal ordination of St David. On the 13th of June 1155, he was ordained Bishop of Hereford, who was related to his predecessor hereford, who was served as Bishop of the Diocese and had not been ordained to the episcopal ordination of St David. In the year 1155, he was ordained Bishop of Hereford, who was related to his predecessor hereford, who served as Bishop of the Diocese and had not been ordained to the episcopal ordination of St David. During his reign he was most important for the administration of the church, but occasionally he served as a royal administrator. In 1155 he was ordained Bishop of Hereford, who was related to his predecessor hereford, who served as Bishop of the Diocese, and failed to receive the episcopal ordination of St David. In 1215 he was also the candidate of King John for the See of St David in wales, but he was not elected. Probably he was the son of robert foliot and his wife, probably born in 1150 or 1160. He was a medieval bishop of hereford, a relative of his predecessor hereford, a priest and judge of the Diocese, and had not obtained the episcopal ordination of St David. In 1155 he was ordained Bishop of Hereford, he was related to his predecessor hereford, he was a priest and judge of the Diocese, and failed to obtain the episcopal ordination of St David. In 1221 the new Bishop accompanied Peter desroches, the Bishop of Winchester, on a pilgrimage to Prussia, because desroches went to Spain to visit St. James at compostela, and it is known that foliot accompanied him, because the chronicler de dunstable reported that foliot accompanied him, and that the new Bishop accompanied him on his pilgrimage in 1221, because the new Bishop was travelling to rome to see St. James at compostela, and it is known that foliot accompanied him. These were only the brief years of his career in the diocese, he had no regular attendance at the court or be called upon to perform governmental duties... omitted to be discounted. On 30 December 1223 he assumed one of these duties, when he took possession of hereford castle after it had been surrendered to hubert de burgh, and then over the redistribution of royal castles, when de burgh took the power of desroches. These were only the early years of his career in the diocese, and he did not see the court regularly or be called upon to perform any governmental duties. He was entrusted with one of these duties on 30 December 1223, when he seized hereford castle, which had been surrendered to hubert de burgh, and then over the redistribution of royal castles, when de burgh had acquired the power of desroches. He also was entrusted with establishing the alberbury Priory, a house of the grandmontine order... This was only the beginning of his career in the diocese, and he did not attend the court regularly or perform any official duties. He was entrusted with one of these duties on 30 December 1223, when he took possession of the castle, which had been surrendered to hubert de burgh, and then on the redistribution of the royal castles, when de burgh acquired the power of desroches. He was entrusted with one of these duties on 30 December 1223, when he took possession of the castle, which had been surrendered to hubert de burgh, and then over the redistribution of the royal castles, when de burgh acquired the power of desroches. On 30 December 1223 he took possession of the castle, which had been surrendered to hubert de burgh, and then over the redistribution of the royal castles, when de burgh took possession of the power of desroches. These were only the early years of his career in the diocese; he did not regularly attend the court or act as a judge; he was entrusted with one of these duties on the 30th of December 1223, when he took possession of hereford castle after it had been surrendered to hubert de burgh, and then over the redistribution of the royal castles, when de burgh had acquired the power of desroches. Upon 30th December 1223, he took possession of the castle, which had been surrendered to hubert de burgh, and then over the redistribution of the royal castles, when de burgh acquired the power of desroches. This was only the beginning of his career in the diocese, and he did not regularly attend the court or do any official duties. On 30th December 1223, he took possession of the castle, which had been surrendered to hubert de burgh, and then over the redistribution of the royal castles, when de burgh acquired the power of desroches....