 Then, on the 23rd of September, the irish rock band U2 held a concert in the Kosevo stadium, in Sarajevo, between the Republic of Slavonia and the Republic of Herzegovina, as part of the Popmart tour. The concert was the first big event to take place in the city since the Bosnian war... Then, on the 23rd of September, the Irish band U2 held a concert at the Kosevo Stadium in Sarajevo, between the Republic of Slavonia and the Republic of Herzegovina, on the occasion of the Popmart tour. This concert was the first big event to take place in Sarajevo, since the Bosnian war... the band became acquainted with Sarajevo in 1993, on the campaign for the preservation of the zoo tv; Bill carter, an aidman, suggested bringing attention to the siege of Sarajevo by means of satellite transmissions, and the band conducted daily military night service, during their concerts, with the bosnians. During those days, u2 turned down the possibility of a concert in Sarajevo, but, though the war prevented them from making the trip, they vowed to come to Sarajevo and perform in the city. Then, on the 23rd of September, the Irish band U2 performed at the Kosevo stadium in Sarajevo, between the Republic of Slavonia and the Republic of Herzegovina, as part of the Popmart tour. This concert was the first big event in Sarajevo, since the Bosnian war... In 1993 the band made their acquaintance with Sarajevo by a campaign for the preservation of the zoo television. Bill carter, an aid worker, suggested that they bring the siege of Sarajevo to their attention through satellite, and the band performed military night service, in the evening, at the concerts. The concert was the first big event in Sarajevo, since the Bosnian war... u2 turned down the possibility of playing in Sarajevo, but the war prevented them from doing it, but they promised to come to Sarajevo and play in the city. Consequently, the concert occupied the hall of the Popmart tour and the extravagant stage of the tour, which the band performed, based on the repertoire of the tour. The band offered to give a concert or a small concert in Sarajevo, but it was ordered that they perform a concert with the full band. It was the first concert in Sarajevo since the Bosnian war. On the 23rd of September the Irish band U2 performed at the Kosevo Stadium in Sarajevo between the Republic of Slavonia and the Republic of Herzegovina on the occasion of the Popmart tour. In 1993 the band first got to know Sarajevo by means of the campaign for the preservation of the zoo television; Bill carter, an aidman, suggested that the siege of Sarajevo be brought to their attention by means of satellite, and that the band should perform military night service in Sarajevo at evening concerts. The concert was the first major event in Sarajevo since the Bosnian war... Then on September 23, the Irish band U2 performed at the Kosevo Stadium, between the Republic of Slavonia and Herzegovina, on the occasion of the Popmart tour. This concert was the first big event in Sarajevo since the Bosnian war... Then in 1993 the band began to get acquainted with Sarajevo, in the campaign to preserve the zoo TV; Bill carter, a benefactor, suggested that the siege of Sarajevo be emphasized through satellite transmissions, and the band performed military night service at the concerts. The show brought together people of different ethnicities who had had their relations quarrelled during the war, and the train was temporarily resuming for the concerts. The concert was the first big event in Sarajevo, since the Bosnian war... u2 turned down the chance of playing in Sarajevo, but the war prevented them from doing so, but they promised to come to Sarajevo and play in the city. The concert occupied the theater of the Popmart tour and the lavish stage of the concert, which the band performed according to the repertoire of the tour. Then, on the 23rd of September, the Irish band U2 performed at the Kosevo stadium in Sarajevo, between the Republic of Slavonia and the Republic of Herzegovina, as part of the Popmart tour. The concert was the first major event in Sarajevo, since the Bosnian war... The band first became acquainted with Sarajevo in 1993 by the campaign to preserve the zoo television; Bill carter, a benefactor, suggested that Sarajevo be brought to their attention through satellite, and that the band should perform military night service at evening concerts. This concert was the first major event in Sarajevo since the Bosnian war... In 1993, the band made their acquaintance with Sarajevo in the campaign to preserve the zoo television; Bill carter, a benefactor, suggested that the siege of Sarajevo be emphasized by means of satellite, and that the band should perform military night service in Sarajevo during evening concerts. The concert was the first big event in Sarajevo since the Bosnian war... On the 23rd of September, the Irish band U2 performed at the Kosevo Stadium in Sarajevo, between the Republic of Slavonia and Herzegovina, on the occasion of the Popmart tour; the concert was the first big event in Sarajevo since the Bosnian war... The concert was the first big event in Sarajevo since the Bosnian war... In 1993, the band first learned about Sarajevo through the campaign for the preservation of the zoo television; Bill carter, a benefactor, suggested that the siege of Sarajevo should be brought to the fore by satellite, and that the band should perform military night service in Sarajevo during the evening concerts. The concert was the first major event in Sarajevo since the Bosnian war... u2 refused to play in Sarajevo, but the war prevented them from doing so, but promised to come to Sarajevo and play in the city. On September 23, the Irish band U2 performed at the Kosevo Stadium in Sarajevo, between the Republic of Slavonia and the Republic of Herzegovina, on the occasion of the Popmart tour. The concert was the first major event in Sarajevo since the Bosnian war. In 1993 the band first became acquainted with Sarajevo by the campaign to preserve the zoo television; Bill carter, a benefactor, suggested that Sarajevo should be telegraphed by satellite, and that the band should perform military night service at evening concerts. The concert was the first major event in Sarajevo, since the Bosnian war. The concert was the first major event in Sarajevo since the Bosnian war. In 1993 the band first got to know Sarajevo in the campaign for the preservation of the zoo television; Bill carter, a benefactor, suggested that the siege of Sarajevo be telegraphed through satellite, and that the band should perform military night service at evening concerts. In that year, u2 declined to perform in Sarajevo, but the war prevented them from doing it, but promised to come to Sarajevo and play. Then, on the 23rd of September, the Irish band U2 performed at the Kosevo Stadium in Sarajevo, between the Republic of Slavonia and Herzegovina, on the occasion of the Popmart Tour. The concert was the first big event in Sarajevo since the Bosnian war... In 1993, the band first got acquainted with Sarajevo through the campaign for the preservation of the zoo television; Bill carter, a benefactor, suggested that the siege of Sarajevo be emphasized through the satellite, and that the band should perform military night service in Sarajevo at evening concerts. The concert was the first major event in Sarajevo since the Bosnian war... u2 turned down the chance to play in Sarajevo, but the war prevented them from doing it, but promised to come to Sarajevo and play in the city. The concert was the first major event in Sarajevo since the Bosnian war... u2 turned down the chance to play in Sarajevo, but the war prevented them from going, but they promised to come to Sarajevo and play in the city ... tanks, anti-aircraft guns, heavy machines, rocket launchers, and aircraft bombs... From the 22nd of May to the end of the war, from 1996 to the end of the war, the city was walled... the army of the republic of bosnia and herzegovina, numbering roughly 40,... 000 inside the besieged city, was poorly equipped and could not break the siege.... From May 22, 1945 to the end of the war, from 1996 to the end of the war, the city was besieged. The army of the republic of blunder and herzegovina, numbering about forty thousand, was badly equipped and could not break through the siege... meanwhile, throughout the country, thousands of people from all ethnic backgrounds were driven out of their homes in a process of ethnic cleansing... in Sarajevo, women and children attempting to buy food were often savagely slain by bosnian serbs. They could not break through the siege. In the city, from May 22, 1945, to the end of the war, from 1996 to the end of the war, the city was besieged. The army of the republic of blunder and herzegovina, numbering roughly forty thousand, was badly equipped and could not break through the siege. The army of the republic of blunder and herzegovina, numbering about forty thousand, was badly equipped and could not break through the siege... In Sarajevo, women and children, on the point of buying food, were often killed savagely by bosnian serbs. The band agreed, and met an American aid worker named bill carter, who acted as the station’s foreign correspondent for the serbian air. The band told about his experiences in sarajevo, helping the bosnians to cope with the dangerous conditions of their homes. From May 22, 1945 to the end of the war, from 1996 to the end of the war, the city was besieged; the army of the republic of blunder and herzegovina, about forty thousand, was badly equipped and could not break through the siege. Then, all over the country, thousands of people from all backgrounds were flogged out of their homes, in a process of ethnic cleansing. From May 22, 1945 to the end of the war, from 1996 to the end of the war, the city was besieged. The army of the republic of blunder and herzegovina, about forty thousand, was badly equipped and could not break through the siege. In Sarajevo, women and children who wanted to buy food were often savagely killed by the bosnian serbs. This army of the republic of blunder and herzegovina, about forty thousand, was badly equipped and could not break through the siege... The leader of the band bono was unnerved to hear that in some huts in the city the radio played loud music, like u2, in order to drown out the sound of explosions., but, as in sarajevo, carter saw a TV interview on mtv, in which bono talked about the theme of the zooropa tour, 'unified europe'. And, feeling that such a goal would be empty if ignoring the hardships of the bosnians, carter sought bono's help. , the brigade, blunder and herzegovina, numbering about forty thousand, was poorly equipped and could not break through the siege. During the course of the war, from May 22 to the end of the war, from 1996 to the end of the war, the city was besieged. From May 22, 1945 to the end of the war, from 1996 to the end of the war, the city was besieged. The brigade of blunder and herzegovina, numbering about forty thousand, was badly equipped and could not break through the siege. From May 22, 1945 to the end of the war, from 1996 to the end of the war, the city was besieged. The brigade of blunder and herzegovina, about forty thousand, was poorly equipped and could not break through the siege. In Sarajevo, women and children who were looking to buy food were often savagely killed by the bosnian serbs. From May 22, 1945 to the end of the war, from 1996 to the end of the war, the city was besieged. The brigade of blunder and herzegovina, about forty thousand, was badly equipped and could not break through the siege... The brigade of blunder and herzegovina, about forty thousand, was badly equipped and could not break through the siege... From May 22, 1945 to the end of the war, from 1996 to the end of the war, the city was besieged. The brigade of blunder and herzegovina, about forty thousand, was badly equipped and could not break through the siege... From May 22, 1945 to the end of the war, from 1996 to the end of the war, the city was besieged. The brigade of brigade of brigade, about forty thousand, was badly equipped and could not break through the siege. The brigade of brigade of brigade, about forty thousand, was badly equipped and could not break through the siege... In Sarajevo, women and children who were trying to buy food were often savagely slain by bosnian serbs. This was the conclusion of the war, and the general, whose story he relates, was a visit by an American journalist named Bill Carrier, who was the correspondent of the serbian air. It turned out that it was a barracks, a saber-gun, heavy machinery, rockets and aircraft bombs, and the serbs, however, lacked the armor. On May 22, 1945, to the end of the war, from 1996 to the end of the war, the city was besieged; the brigade of blunder and herzegovina, numbering about forty thousand, was badly equipped and could not break through the siege. The barracks of blunder and herzegovina, numbering about forty thousand, were badly equipped and could not break through the siege. From May 22, 1945 to the end of the war, from 1996 to the end of the war, the city was besieged; the brigade of blunder and herzegovina, numbering about forty thousand, was badly equipped and could not break through the siege. From May 22, 1945 to the end of the war, from 1996 to the end of the war, the city was besieged; the brigade of blunder and herzegovina, numbering about forty thousand, was badly equipped and could not break through the siege; from May 22, 1945 to the end of the war, from 1996 to the end of the war, the city was besieged. From May 22, 1945 to the end of the war, from 1996 to the end of the war, the city was besieged; the brigade of blunder and herzegovina, numbering about forty thousand, was badly equipped and could not break through the siege. From May 22, 1945 to the end of the war, from 1996 to the end of the war, the city was besieged; the brigade of blunder and herzegovina, numbering about forty thousand, was badly equipped and could not break through the siege. In Sarajevo, women and children who wanted to buy food were often savagely killed by bosnian serbs; from May 22, 1945 to the end of the war, from 1996 to the end of the war, the city was besieged The fight ended, and the general's account relates the story of his visit to Slavic-born President Carrier, who was a journalist for the serbian radio station. He heard that the city was guarded by a sabre, a sabre, heavy equipment, rockets and bombs, but, as in Slavic-born Russia, carter heard that the sabre of the sabre was loud, like a u2 bomb, and he could not break through the sabre. From May 22 1945 to the end of the war, from 1996 to the end of the war, the city was besieged; the sabre of the sabre and herzegovina, a number of about forty thousand, was badly equipped and could not break through the siege; from May 22 1945 to the end of the war, from 1996 to the end of the war, the city was besieged; the sabre of the sabre and the sabre of the sabre of the sabre, a number of about forty thousand, was poorly equipped and could not break through the siege; the sabre of blunder and herzegovina, a number of about forty thousand, was badly equipped and could not break through the siege; the sabre of blunder and herzegovina, a number of about forty thousand, was badly equipped and could not break through the siege; May 22, 1945 to the end of the war, from 1996 to the end of the war, the city was besieged; the sabre of blunder and herzegovina, a number of forty thousand, was badly equipped and could not break through the siege. From May 22, 1945 to the end of the war, from 1996 to the end of the war, the city was besieged; the sabre of blunder and herzegovina, a number of forty thousand, was badly equipped and could not break through the siege; the sabre of blunder and herzegovina, a number of forty thousand, was badly equipped and could not break through the siege; from May 22, 1945 to the end of the war, from u2's attempts to discuss any humanitarian problem sometimes give rise to the false feeling that u2 is also obliged to solve that problem. " u2’s attempts to discuss any humanitarian problem sometimes give rise to the false assumption that u2’s own interests must also be taken into account. Instead, the group agreed to use the tour’s satellite dish to transmit live videos from their concerts to carter in Slovyevo... The group arranged for the tour’s satellite to transmit live videos from their concerts to carter in Slovyevo... The band purchased a satellite dish to send to Sarajevo and paid a £100 to join the european broadcasting association – ebu – a € 100 / - 000 fee. u2’s attempts to discuss any humanitarian matter sometimes give rise to the false assumption that u2 is in turn obliged to solve it. u2’s attempts to discuss any humanitarian problem sometimes lead to the false assumption that u2’s own interests also must be taken into account. Instead, the band agreed to transmit the live videos of their concerts to carter at Slovyevo. The group arranged for the tour’s satellite to transmit live videos from their concerts to carter in Slovyevo. The band decided to use the tour’s satellite to transmit live videos from their concerts to carter in Slovyevo. u2’s attempts to discuss any humanitarian problem sometimes lead to the false assumption that u2 must also solve it. u2’s attempts to discuss any humanitarian problem sometimes lead to the false assumption that u2 must also solve it. u2’s attempts to discuss any humanitarian problem sometimes lead to the false assumption that u2 must also solve it. To connect with the ebu satellite, carter and two co-workers were forced to visit the Sarajevo television station at night and film in a low light, in order to avoid the attention of snipers and bombers. This was done a total of 12 times in a month... Instead, the band agreed to transmit the live videos of their concerts to carter in Slovyevo. The group decided to use the tour's satellite to transmit live videos from their concerts to carter in Slovyevo. To get a connection with the ebu satellite, carter and two co-workers had to go to Sarajevo at night and film in a low light in order to avoid the attention of snipers and bombers. The band decided to use the tour's satellite to transmit live videos from their concerts to carter in Slovyevo. u2's attempts to discuss any humanitarian problem sometimes lead to the false assumption that u2 must also solve it. u2's attempts to discuss any humanitarian problem sometimes lead to the false assumption that u2 must also solve it. The music of the tour u2's is a concert of multimedia and multimedia events that make u2 laugh and scold the television and the audience. The group decided to use the satellite to transmit live videos from their concerts to carter in Slovyevo. The group decided to use the satellite to transmit live videos from their concerts to carter in Slovyevo. Most of the shows were done in advance, but the link to sarajevo was not laid, leaving the group with no idea who would talk or what they would say. These sad discussions starkly contrasted with the rest of the show: the concerts at the Zoo were elaborately staged multimedia events that challenged television and the public over the "-rating". The band's attempts to discuss any humanitarian problem sometimes lead to the false assumption that u2 must also solve it. u2's attempts to discuss any humanitarian problem sometimes lead to the false assumption that u2 must solve it. The group decided to use the satellite to transmit live videos from their concerts to carter in Slovyevo. The band decided to use the satellite to transmit live videos from their concerts to carter in Slovyevo. The group decided to use the satellite to transmit live videos from their concerts to carter in Slovyevo. u2's attempts to discuss any humanitarian problem sometimes lead to the false assumption that u2 must solve it. u2's attempts to discuss any humanitarian problem sometimes lead to the false assumption that u2 must solve it. The group decided to use the satellite to transmit live videos from their concerts to carter in Slovyevo. The bands u2 were the first to stop the broadcasts in august 1993, after learning that the siege of Slovyevo had been reported in many british newspapers. although this trend had been starting long before the band's first Slovyevo broadcast, nathan jackson believed that the band's actions had helped the public understand the situation and raise their awareness of it. u2's attempts to discuss any humanitarian problem sometimes lead to the false assumption that u2 should also solve it. The band decided to use the satellite to transmit live videos from their concerts to carter in Slovyevo. The band's satellite was bought for Slovyevo and paid a £100 for membership in the European Broadcasting Association - ebu - € 100 / 000. Most of the shows were done in advance, but the link to Slovyevo was not laid, so the band did not know who would speak and what would be said. At this time, in July 1993, the band u2 was the first to stop broadcasting the concert. It was said that in the newspapers many of u2’s colleagues had come to the conclusion that the siege of Slovyevo had been reported in a number of newspapers. The band u2’s attempts to discuss any humanitarian problem sometimes led to the false assumption that u2 must solve it. u2’s attempts to discuss any humanitarian problem sometimes led to the false assumption that u2 must solve it. u2’s attempts to discuss any humanitarian problem sometimes lead to the false assumption that u2 must solve it. The band decided to use the tour’s satellite to transmit live videos from their concerts to carter in Slovyevo. The band decided to use the satellite to transmit live videos from their concerts to carter in Slovyevo. The band decided to use the satellite to transmit live videos from their concerts to carter in Slovyevo. Most of the concerts were done ahead of time, but the link to Sarajevo was not fixed, so the band did not know who would speak and what would be said. The band decided to use the satellite to transmit live videos from their concerts to carter in Slovyevo. u2’s attempts to discuss any humanitarian problem sometimes lead to the false assumption that u2 must solve it. The band decided to use the satellite to transmit live videos from their concerts to carter in Slovyevo. The group decided to use the satellite to transmit live videos from their concerts to carter in Slovyevo. To connect with the ebu satellite, carter and two co-workers had to go to Sarajevo at night to film in the dark, so as not to attract the attention of snipers and bombers. Most of the concerts were done in advance, but the connection to Slovyevo was not yet fixed, so the band did not know who would speak and what would be said. The group decided to use the satellite to transmit live videos from their concerts to carter in Slovyevo. The band decided to use the satellite to transmit live videos from their concerts to carter in Slovyevo. The band decided to use the satellite to transmit live videos from their concerts to carter in Slovyevo. The band decided to use the satellite to transmit live videos from their concerts to carter in Slovyevo. u2's attempts to discuss any humanitarian problem sometimes lead to the false assumption that u2 must solve it. The band's attempts to discuss any humanitarian problem sometimes lead to the false assumption that u2 must solve it. The attempts to discuss any humanitarian problem sometimes lead to the false assumption that u2 must solve it. The group decided to use the satellite to transmit live videos from their concerts to carter in Slovyevo. The band's efforts to discuss any humanitarian problem sometimes lead to the false assumption that u2 must solve it. The u2 attempts to discuss any humanitarian problem sometimes lead to the false assumption that u2 must solve it. The band decided to use the satellite to transmit live videos from their concerts to carter in Slovyevo. The band's concert was said to have been broadcast in several newspapers in the last year. They said that many of u2's colleagues had come to the conclusion that the siege of Slovyevo had been reported in a number of newspapers. The u2 attempts to discuss any humanitarian problem sometimes lead to the false assumption that u2 must solve it. The group decided to use the satellite to transmit live videos from their concerts to carter in Slovyevo. The concert was held in Sarajevo, but the connection to Sarajevo was not fixed, so the band did not know who would speak and what would be said. The groups arranged for the satellite to transmit live videos from their concerts to carter in Slovyevo. The band u2 wanted to use the satellite to transmit live videos from their concerts to carter in Slovyevo. Most of the concerts were done before, but the connection to Sarajevo was not paved, so the band did not know who would speak and what would be said. The band u2 wanted to use the satellite to transmit live videos from their concerts to carter in Slovye ... guitarist the edge cried, “one never sees such cold-hard news like this. We get very sanitized, editorialized... ‘You never hear such cold-blooded news like this. We get very sanitized, editorialized... when you watch the television you get something palatable, whereas this was quite unpalatable most of the time...’ The guitarist burst into a cry: “One never hears such cold-blooded news. We get sanitized, editorialized... when you watch television you get something pleasant, but it was unpalatable most of the time...’ - The voice was angry that the band were exploiting the sufferings of the bosnians for amusement - but while talking to a third woman at the concert at the Wembley, three women in sarajevo asked what the band intended to do to help them. Before telling bono, ‘We know you won’t do anything for us...’ ‘You’re not to hear such cold-blooded news,’ cried the guitarist. ‘We’re sanitized and editorialized... when you watch the television you get something palatable, but this was not very pleasant most of the time.’ ‘You’re not to hear such cold-blooded news. We’re sanitized and editorialized... when you watch the television you get something palatable, but this was quite unpalatable most of the time.’ The guitarist burst into a cry: ‘You never hear such cold-blooded news. We’re sanitized and editorialized... when you watch the television you get something pleasant, but it was unpalatable most of the time...’ Before telling Bono, ‘We know you won’t do anything for us...’ “You don’t hear such cold-blooded news,” cried the guitarist. “We’re sanitized and editorialized... when you watch television you get something pleasant, but this was quite unpleasing most of the time.” The guitarist cried, “You don’t hear such cold-blooded news. We’re sanitized and editorialized... when you watch television you get something pleasant, but this was quite unpleasing most of the time.” “You don’t hear such cold-blooded news,” the guitarist cried. “We’re sanitized and editorialized... when you watch television you get something pleasant, but this was not very pleasant most of the time.” The voice grew angry when the band slammed the bosnians’ sufferings for amusement. But at the concert at the Wembley, three women in sarajevo asked what the band wanted to do to help them. “You don’t hear such cold-blooded news, we’re sanitized and editorialized... when you watch television you get something pleasant, but this was not very pleasant most of the time.” Before telling Bono, “We know you won’t do anything for us,” the guitarist shouted, “You won’t hear such cold-blooded news, we’re sanitized and editorialized... when you watch television you get something pleasant, but this was not very pleasant most of the time.” The guitarist cried: “You won't hear such cold-blooded news, we are sanitized and editorialized... when you watch the television you get something pleasant, but this is not very pleasant most of the time.” “You won't hear such cold-blooded news,” the guitarist cried. “We are sanitized and editorialized... when you watch the television you get something pleasant, but this is very unpleasant most of the time.” Before Bono: “We know you won't do anything for us...” “You don't hear such cold-blooded news, we are sanitized and editorialized... when you watch the television you get something pleasant, but this is very unpleasant most of the time.” The voice was angry that the band was exploiting the sufferings of the bosnians for amusement - but at the concert at Wembley three women in sarajevo asked what the band intended to do to help them. The guitarist said: “You don't hear such cold-blooded news, we are sanitized and editorialized... when you watch the television you get something pleasant, but this is not very pleasant most of the time.” In 1995 the band contributed to the work of the bosnian repressors in order to increase humanitarian awareness and public awareness, and the band and carter subsequently collaborated on the documentary “miss sarajevo”, which portrayed the fantastic defiance of the bosnian women who had been obedient to the sarajevo siege... I don't hear such cold-blooded news. I don't see such cold-blooded news. I am sanitized and editorialized... when you watch the television you get something pleasant, but this is not pleasant most of the time." Before Bono said: "We know you won't do anything for us" - "You don't hear such cold-blooded news, we are sanitized and editorialized... when you watch the television you get something pleasant, but this is not pleasant most of the time." Then the guitarist cried: "You don't hear such cold-blooded news, we are sanitized and editorialized... when you watch the television you get something pleasant, but this is not very pleasant." "You don't hear such cold-blooded news," cried the guitarist, "we are sanitized and editorialized... when you watch the television you get something pleasant, but this is not very pleasant most of the time." "You don't hear such cold-blooded news, we are sanitized and editorialized... when you watch the television you get something pleasant, but this is not very pleasant most of the time." During the pageant all the participants walked on the stage carrying a banner saying "Don't let them kill us!" - after the pageant all the participants walked on the stage carrying a banner saying: "Don't let them kill us, but we tried to live a normal life... " The guitarist cried: "You will not hear such cold-blooded news, we are sanitized and editorialized... when you watch the television you get something pleasant, but this is not pleasant most of the time." Before Bono, "We know you won't do anything for us... " Before Bono, "We know you won't do anything for us..." "You will not hear such cold-blooded news," cried the guitarist, "we are sanitized and editorialized... when you watch the television you get something pleasant, but this is not pleasant most of the time." Before Bono said: “We know you won’t do anything for us...” “You won’t hear such cold-blooded news, we are sanitized and editorialized... when you watch the television you get something pleasant, but this was not very pleasant most of the time.” Before Bono, “We know you won’t do anything for us...” “You won’t hear such cold-blooded news, we are sanitized and editorialized... when you watch the television you get something pleasant, but this is not very pleasant most of the time.” The voice was furious that the band were exploiting the sufferings of the bosnians - but at the concert at Wembley three women in sarajevo asked what the band intended to do to help them. Then the guitarist cried: “You won’t hear such cold-blooded news, we are sanitized and editorialized... when you watch the television you get something pleasant, but this is not very pleasant most of the time.” The guitarist said: “You don’t hear such cold-blooded news, we are sanitized and editorialized... when you watch the television you get something pleasant, but this is not very pleasant most of the time.” “You don’t hear such cold-blooded news, we are sanitized and editorialized... when you watch the television you get something pleasant, but this is not very pleasant most of the time.” The guitarist called out, “You don’t hear such cold-blooded news, we are sanitized and editorialized... when you watch the television you get something pleasant, but this is not very pleasant most of the time.” Then the guitarist cried: “You don’t hear such cold-blooded news, we are sanitized and editorialized... when you watch the television you get something pleasant, but this is not very pleasant most of the time.” “You don’t hear such cold-blooded news, we are sanitized and editorialized... when you watch the television you get something pleasant, but this is not very pleasant most of the time.” “You will not hear such cold-blooded news,” cried the guitarist, “you will not hear such cold-blooded news, we are sanitized and editorialized... when you watch television, you will get something pleasant, but this is not pleasant most of the time.” “You will not hear such cold-blooded news, we are sanitized and editorialized... when you watch television, you will get something pleasant, but this is not pleasant most of the time.” “You will not hear such cold-blooded news,” cried the guitarist, “we are sanitized and editorialized... when you watch television, you get something pleasant, but this is not pleasant most of the time.” Before Bono said: “We know you will not do anything for us”: “You will not hear such cold-blooded news, we are sanitized and editorialized... when you watch television, you get something pleasant, but this is not pleasant most of the time.” “You will not hear such cold-blooded news,” cried the guitarist, “we are sanitized and editorialized... when you watch television, you get something pleasant, but this is not pleasant most of the time.” “You will not hear such cold-blooded news, we are sanitized and editorialized... when you watch television, you get something pleasant, but this is not pleasant most of the time.” The guitarist was furious that the band was exploiting the sufferings of the bosnians – but at the concert in Wembley three women in sarajevo asked what the band was doing to help them. The guitarist cried: “You will not hear such cold-blooded news, we are sanitized and editorialized... when you watch television, you get something pleasant, but this is not pleasant most of the time.” “You will not hear such cold-blooded news, we are sanitized and editorialized... when you watch television, you get something pleasant, but this is not pleasant most of the time.” Before Bono said: “We know you won’t do anything for us” : “You won’t hear such cold-blooded news, we are sanitized and editorialized... when you ... But I had learned a lesson. You have to try to make the same points, in a different, less direct, more surrealistic way... “ But I had learned a lesson. You mustn’t repeat the same thing over and over again. You have to try to convey the same, but not so direct and surreal way... ‘The last of u2’s concert guests’ was recorded with luciano pavarotti and released as the first single from their side project with eno entitled “original soundtracks”. It was reissued under the name ‘Arrivals’... ‘As the bosnian war ended in 1995 and sarajevo was slain in 1996, the condition of the region deteriorated... But I’ve learned a lesson. You’ve got to try to make the same points, but not so direct and surreal as the first.’ ‘The last of u2’s guests’ was recorded with luciano pavarotti and was released as the first single from their sextet project with eno, called Original soundtracks. ‘It’s important to keep it in a different, more subtle, more theatrical way...’ The musician Andrew Mueller described china drum’s experience in a single van as ‘a logistical nightmare.’ But I have learned a lesson. You have to try to make the same points, but not so direct and surreal as the first. “The last of the U2 guests” was recorded with luciano pavarotti and was released as the first single from their sextet project with eno, called Original Sounds. “The region has been weakened by the Bosnian War of 1995 and Sarajevo was murdered in 1996. “But I have learned a lesson, you have to try to make the same points, but not so direct and surreal as the first.” “It’s important to keep it more subtle, more theatrical.” “As the Bosnian War ended in 1995 and Sarajevo was killed in 1996, the condition of the country has deteriorated... But I have learned a lesson: one must try to make the same points, but not so direct and surreal as the first.” The musician Andrew Mueller described the experiences of the Chinese drum in a van as “an outward torture.” The last of the U2 guests” was recorded by luciano pavarotti and was released as the first single from their sextet project with eno, called Original Sounds. “But I’ve learned a lesson, you’ve got to try to make the same points, but not so direct and surreal as the first. “The last of the U2 guests” was recorded by luciano pavarotti and was released as the first single from their sextet project with eno, called Original Sounds. “The Bosnian war ended in 1995 and Sarajevo was murdered in 1996, the country has changed. But I’ve learned a lesson, you have to try to make the same points, but not so direct and surreal as the first.” The drummer Andrew Mueller described the experience of the Chinese drum in a van as “a logistical nightmare.” But I’ve learned a lesson: you have to try to make the same points, but not so direct and surreal as the first. The last of the U2 guests was recorded by luciano pavarotti and released as the first single from their sextet project with eno, called Original Sounds. However, I have learned a lesson. You must try to make the same points, but not so direct and surreal as the first. The last of the U2 guests was recorded with luciano pavarotti and was released as the first single from their sextet project with eno, called Original Sounds. "The last of the U2 guests" was recorded with luciano pavarotti and was released as the first single from their sextet project with eno, called Original Sounds. “The Bosnian war ended in 1995 and Sarajevo was murdered in 1996, the country changed... But I have learned a lesson, you have to try to convey the same points, but not so direct and surreal as the first. The drummer Andrew Mueller described the experience of the Chinese drum in a van as a logistical nightmare. But I have learned a lesson: one must try to convey the same points, but not so direct and surreal as the first.... But I have learned a lesson: one must try to make the same points, but not so direct and surreal as the first. “The last of the U2 guests” was recorded by luciano pavarotti and was released as the first single from their sextet project with eno, called Original Sounds. “The Bosnian war ended in 1995 and Sarajevo was murdered in 1996, the country is changed. But I have learned a lesson: try to make the same points, but not so direct and surreal as the first.” "The last U2 guests" was recorded by luciano pavarotti and was released as the first single from their sextet project with eno, called Original Sounds. "The Bosnian war ended in 1995 and Sarajevo was murdered in 1996, the country has changed. But I've learned a lesson, you have to try to make the same points, but not so direct and surreal as the first. " The last U2 guests" was recorded by luciano pavarotti and was released as the first single from their sextet project with eno, called Original Sounds. "The last U2 guests" was recorded by luciano pavarotti and was released as the first single from their sextet project with eno, called Original Sounds. "The Bosnian war ended in 1995 and Sarajevo was killed in 1996, the state of the country changed... but I have learned a lesson, you must try to give the same points, but not so direct and surreal as the first. " But I have learned a lesson, you must try to give the same points, but not so direct and surreal as the first. " The last of the U2 guests" was recorded by luciano pavarotti and was released as the first single from their sextet project with eno, called Original Sounds. "But I have learned a lesson: try to give the same points, but not so direct and surreal as the first. " The last of the U2 guests" was recorded by luciano pavarotti and was released as the first single from their sextet project with eno, called Original Sounds. The national economy was weakened by the Bosnian war in 1995 and Sarajevo in 1996, the country changed... but I have learned a lesson: try to give the same points, but not so direct and surreal as the first. " But I have learned a lesson. You must try to communicate the same points, but not so direct and surreal as the first. The last of the U2 guests was recorded by luciano pavarotti and was released as the first single from their sextet project with eno, called Original Sounds. The last of the U2 guests was recorded by luciano pavarotti and was released as the first single from their sextet project with eno, called Original Sounds. "The last of the U2 guests" was recorded by luciano pavarotti and was released as the first single from their sextet project with eno, called Original Sounds. "The Bosnian war ended in 1995 and Sarajevo was murdered in 1996, the country changed... But I have learned a lesson, you must try to present the same points, but not so direct and surreal as the first. "The last of the U2 guests" was recorded by luciano pavarotti and was released as the first single from their sextet project with eno, called Original Sounds. "The last of the U2 guests" was recorded by luciano pavarotti and was released as the first single from their sextet project with eno, called Original Sounds. "The Bosnian war ended in 1995 and Sarajevo was murdered in 1996, the country changed... but I have learned a lesson: try to make the same points, but not so direct and surreal as the first. " The last of the U2 guests" was recorded by luciano pavarotti and was released as the first single from their sextet project with eno, called Original Sounds. The last of the U2 guests" was recorded by luciano pavarotti and was released as the first single from their sextet project with eno, called Original Sounds. The national economy was weakened by the Bosnian war in 1995 and Sarajevo in 1996, the country changed. But I have learned a lesson: you must convey the same points, but not so direct and surreal as the first. - In Basel - Switzerland, on the date of the Sarajevo show - there was a rumour about the unrest in the region - to put in a show in the Sarajevo, sacirbey had appeared at many of the band's previous shows, in order to enlist for the city the city. “In Basel, Switzerland, on the date of the Sarajevo concert—a word had gone around that a ruffian was going around the country—to put on a performance in Sarajevo, sacirbey had been invited to many of the bands previous performances, to have a roster for the town. To reach Sarajevo the road crew had to drive the stage and the props through the closed country — oh, the torn bosnia was torn down. The stage and lighting designer willie williams commented that when the bus drivers got there they could see that they were made to look different... In Basel, Switzerland, on the day of the Sarajevo concert, there was talk of an imbecile going around the country - sacirbey had appeared at many of the bands' previous performances in order to enter the town. In Sarajevo, the road crew had to drive the stage and props through the closed country - oh, the torn brazier was torn down! - the only problem in the transport of the stage was that the border guard kept preventing them from crossing for hours. - in Basel, Switzerland, on the date of the Sarajevo concert - there was a rumour that a ruffian was travelling the country - to put on a show in Sarajevo, sacirbey had been invited to many of the bands previous performances, so as to get on the 'list' for the city. - In Basel, Switzerland, the day before the Sarajevo concert, a word had been heard that a ruffian was travelling - to Sarajevo, sacirbey had been invited to many of the bands previous performances, so that he could make a roster for the city. - - the only trouble in transporting the stage came when a police officer prevented them from crossing the border for hours - mcguinness explained, - this is a city that has been disappointed so many times that people are not ready to believe the gig was going to happen until they see the stage rising... In Basel, Switzerland, the day before the Sarajevo concert there was talk of an imbecile going around the country—sacirbey had been invited to many of the bands' previous performances in order to be placed on the "list" for the city. In Basel, Switzerland, on the day of the Sarajevo concert there was a rumor that a ruffian was travelling the country - in order to put on a performance in Sarajevo, sacirbey had been invited to many of the bands' previous performances in order to get on the city roster. In Sarajevo the stage crew had to drive the stage and props through the closed country - oh, the torn barn! The stage and lighting designer willie williams commented that on the arrival of the bus drivers they could see that they were made to look different... In Basel, Switzerland, on the day of the Sarajevo concert, there was a talk of a rascal wandering around the country - sacirbey had appeared at many of the bands' previous performances, so that he could be counted for the city. Until then, tickets were sold very slowly, but in 24 hours, after the arrival of the rascals, another 8, a hundred tickets were sold... the only trouble in transporting the stage came when a guard stopped them crossing the border for hours - mcguinness explained: - this city has been sorely disappointed so many times that people do not believe that the performance will happen until the stage gets up... The stage and lighting designer Willie Williams commented that when the bus drivers got there, they saw that they had to look different... In Basel, Switzerland, the day before the Sarajevo concert, a rumor was spread that a rascal was travelling the country, and that sacirbey had been invited to many of the bands' previous performances in order to obtain a roster for the city. In Basel, Switzerland, on the day before the Sarajevo concert, a rumour had been heard that a rascal was travelling the country – to Sarajevo, sacirbey had been invited to many of the bands' previous performances, so as to make a roster for the city. In Basel, Switzerland, the day before the Sarajevo concert, there was a rumour that a rascal was travelling the country – to put on a performance in Sarajevo, sacirbey had been invited to many of the bands' previous performances, in order to be a member of the city roster. It was not until the next day that tickets were sold, but in the next 24 hours, after the arrival of the rascals, eight tickets were sold – only the only problem with the transport of the stage was that a policeman stopped them crossing the border for hours – mcguiny explained: ‘This city has been sorely disappointed that people do not believe that the performance will be finished until the stage is raised...’ The stage and lighting designer Willie Williams commented that when the bus drivers arrived, they could see that they had to look different... In Basel, Switzerland, the day before the Sarajevo concert, there was a rumour that a rascal was traveling the country – in order to set up a performance in Sarajevo, sacirbey had been invited to many of the bands’ previous performances in order to be counted for the city. The main problem with the transport of the stage was that the border police stopped them crossing the border for hours – mcguine explained – this city has been sorely disappointed so many times that people do not believe that the performance will be finished until the stage is up... In Sarajevo the stage crew had to drive the stage and the props through the closed country – oh, the torn barn! The stage and lighting designer Willie Williams commented that In Basel, Switzerland, the day before the Sarajevo concert, a rumor was heard that a ruffian was travelling in the country, and that Sacirbey had been invited to many of the bands’ previous performances, to be put on the city list. The general transit of tickets was very slow, but after a week after the arrival of the ruffian, eight tickets were sold, but in the next 24 hours after the arrival of the ruffian, eight tickets were sold, and only the transport of the stage came when a policeman stopped them crossing the border for hours – Mcguine explained, ‘this city has been sorely disappointed that people do not believe the performance will be finished until the stage is raised...’ In Basel, Switzerland, the day before the Sarajevo concert, a rumor was heard that a ruffian was going about the country – to Sarajevo, sacirbey had been invited to many of the bands’ previous performances, so as to get on the ‘list’ in the city. In Basel, Switzerland, the day before the Sarajevo concert, a rumor was heard that a ruffian was travelling the country – to Sarajevo, sacirbey had been invited to many of the bands’ previous performances, so that he could be counted for the city. The only trouble with the stage was that the policemen kept preventing them from crossing the border for hours – Mcguine explained – this city has been sorely disappointed so many times that people do not believe that the performance will be finished until the stage is raised – the stage and lighting designer Willie Williams commented that when the bus drivers came to the city, they saw that they had to look different – in Basel, Switzerland, on the day before the Sarajevo concert, there was a rumour that a ruffian was going around the country – in Sarajevo, sacirbey had been invited to many of the bands’ previous performances, in order to get on the list for the city. In Basel, Switzerland, on the day before the Sarajevo concert, a rumour had been circulating that a ruffian was travelling the country – in order At Basel, Switzerland, on the day before the Sarajevo concert, a rumour had spread that a ruffian was traveling to the country, to Sarajevo, sacirbey had been invited to many of the bands' previous performances, so that he would be counted in the city. In Basel, Switzerland, the day before the Sarajevo concert, a rumor had spread that a ruffian was travelling to the country, to set up a performance in Sarajevo, sacirbey had been invited to many of the bands' previous performances, in order to get on the city's list. The general movement of tickets was very slow, but after a week after the ruffian's arrival, eight tickets were sold, but in the next 24 hours after the ruffian's arrival eight tickets were sold, and the only trouble with the transport of the stage was that the guards stopped them crossing the border for hours, mcguine explained: “This city has been sorely disappointed so many times that people do not believe that the performance will be finished until the stage is raised.” The Stage and Lighting Designer Willie Williams commented that when the bus drivers came to the city they could see that they should look different... In Basel, Switzerland, the day before the Sarajevo concert, there was talk about a ruffian going around the country – sacirbey had been invited to many of the bands’ previous performances in order to get on the city list. In Basel, Switzerland, the day before the Sarajevo concert, there was a rumor that a ruffian was going around the country – in Sarajevo, sacirbey had been invited to many of the bands’ previous performances, so that he could be counted for the city. In Basel, Switzerland, the day before the Sarajevo concert, a rumor had been spread that a ruffian was going around the country – sacirbey had been invited to many of the bands’ previous performances, so that he could be counted for the city. In Basel, Switzerland, on the day before the Sarajevo concert, a rumour had been spread that We had to travel around the city, with Monsieur Ribey, who took Mlle. Bahloz to see if there were any roses on the street. On the day of the concert, trains ran into Sarajevo for the first time since the beginning of the war. Two lines were opened, one from mostar to Sarajevo, and the other from maglaj to Sarajevo. The passengers had to go around the city, and M. Ribey went with Mlle. Bahloz to see if there were roses in the street. On the day of the concert, trains entered Sarajevo for the first time since the beginning of the war. Both lines were opened, one from mostar to Sarajevo, and the other from maglaj to Sarajevo. Although the railways were operational during the war, muslim and croat officials were not able to decide who to operate them... As a result, the trains were only used on the day of the concert, to take fans to the city and the day after to return them home. On the day of the concert, trains entered Sarajevo for the first time since the beginning of the war. Two lines were opened, one from mostar to Sarajevo, and the other from maglaj to Sarajevo. The passengers had to walk about the city, and Monsieur Ribey went with Mlle. Bahloz to see if there were roses on the street. In addition, on the day of the concert, the muslim and croat officials were not able to decide who to occupy them. On the day of the concert, the trains entered Sarajevo for the first time since the beginning of the war; two lines were opened, one from mostar to Sarajevo and the other from maglaj to Sarajevo; on the day of the concert, the trains only took the fans to the city and the day after to return them home. Several other yugoslav republics had been brought to Sarajevo for the concert, on the buses carrying the fans from zagreb, croatia, and ljubljana, slovenia. On the day of the concert, the trains entered Sarajevo for the first time since the beginning of the war; two lines were opened, one from mostar to Sarajevo and the other from maglaj to Sarajevo. The passengers had to walk about the city, and Monsieur Ribey was with Madame Bahloz to see if there were roses in the street. On the day of the concert, the trains entered Sarajevo for the first time since the beginning of the war; two lines were opened, one from mostar to Sarajevo, and the other from maglaj to Sarajevo; on the day of the concert, the trains only took fans to the city and the day after to return them home. On the day of the concert, the trains entered Sarajevo for the first time since the beginning of the war; two lines were opened, one from mostar to Sarajevo and the other from maglaj to Sarajevo; the passengers had to walk about the city, and M. Ribey took Mlle Bahloz to see if there were any roses in the street. The security around the concert was very strict. Several other yugoslav republics were brought to Sarajevo on the buses of the fans from Zagreb, croatia, and ljubljana, slovenia. The orchestra entered Sarajevo for the first time since the beginning of the war; two lines were opened, one from mostar to Sarajevo and the other from maglaj to Sarajevo. The passengers had to walk around the city, and M. Ribey went with Mlle. Bahloz to see if there were any roses on the street. On the day of the concert, the orchestra entered Sarajevo for the first time since the beginning of the war; two lines were opened, one from mostar to Sarajevo, and the other from maglaj to Sarajevo; the passengers had to walk about the city, and M. Ribey went with Mlle. Bahloz to see if there were any roses on the street. The orchestra entered Sarajevo for the first time since the beginning of the war; two lines were opened, one from mostar to Sarajevo and the other from maglaj to Sarajevo; on the day of the concert, the trains only took fans to the city and the day after to return them. The police on the day of the concert were very strict, and a few other yugoslav republics were brought to Sarajevo on the buses of fans from Zagreb, croatia and ljubljana, Slovakia. The passengers had to walk around the city, and M. Ribey went with Mlle. Bahloz to see if there were any roses in the street. On the day of the concert, the trains entered Sarajevo for the first time since the beginning of the war; two lines were opened, one from mostar to Sarajevo and the other from maglaj to Sarajevo; on the day of the concert, the trains only took the fans to the city and the day after to return home. At the concert, a decision was made to open the gates of the stadium to all, in order to enable approximately ten thousand fans, who had not been able to pay for the concert or had not bought tickets for it in time, to be admitted. On the day of the concert, the trains entered Sarajevo for the first time since the beginning of the war; two lines were opened, one from mostar to Sarajevo, the other from maglaj to Sarajevo; the passengers had to walk around the city, and M. Ribey went with Mlle. Bahloz to see if there were roses in the street. The day of the concert, the trains entered Sarajevo for the first time since the beginning of the war; two lines were opened, one from mostar to Sarajevo and the other from maglaj to Sarajevo; the passengers had to walk around the city, and M. Ribey went with Mlle. Bahloz to see if there were roses in the street. On the day of the concert, the trains entered Sarajevo for the first time since the beginning of the war; two lines were opened, one from mostar to Sarajevo and the other from maglaj to Sarajevo; the passengers had to walk around the city, and M. Ribey went with Mlle. Bahloz to see if there were roses in the street. During the concert, the police were very strict, and a few other yugoslav republics were brought to Sarajevo on the coaches of the fans from Zagreb, croatia, and ljubljana, Slovakia. On the day of the concert, the trains entered Sarajevo for the first time since the beginning of the war; two lines were opened, one from mostar to Sarajevo and the other from maglaj to Sarajevo; on the day of the concert, the trains only took fans to the city and the day after to return home. In addition to the local and foreign fans, there were about six thousand soldiers, who could not pay for the concert or who had not bought tickets in time, ten thousand. On the day of the concert, the trains entered Sarajevo for the first time since the beginning of the war; two lines were opened, one from mostar to Sarajevo, the other from maglaj to Sarajevo; the passengers had to walk about the city, and M. Ribey went with Mlle. Bahloz to see if there were any roses on the street. On the day of the concert, the trains entered Sarajevo for the first time since the beginning of the war; two lines were opened, one from mostar to Sarajevo and the other from maglaj to Sarajevo; the passengers had to walk about the city, and M. Ribey went with Mlle. Bahloz to see if there were any roses on the street. Then, on the day of the concert, the trains entered Sarajevo for the first time since the beginning of the war; two lines were opened, one from mostar to Sarajevo and the other from maglaj to Sarajevo; the passengers had to walk about the city, and M. Ribey went with Mlle. Bahloz to see if there were any roses on the street. During the concert, the police were very strict and a few other yugoslav republics were brought to Sarajevo on the coaches of the fans from Zagreb, croatia and ljubljana, Slovakia. The concert was closed for the first time since the beginning of the war; two lines were opened, one from mostar to Sarajevo and the other from maglaj to Sarajevo; on the day of the concert, the fans only took fans to the city and the day after to return home. The concert was opened for the first time since the beginning of the war; two lines were opened, one from mostar to Sarajevo and the other from maglaj to Sarajevo; the passengers had to walk about the city, and M. Ribey went with Mlle. Bahloz to see if there were roses on the street. During the concert the police were very strict, and a few other yugoslav republics were brought to Sarajevo on the buses of the fans from Zagreb, croatia, and l The concert took place at the entrance of the main hall, for the first time since the beginning of the war, and two lines were opened, one from mostar to Sarajevo and the other from maglaj to Sarajevo; the passengers had to walk about the city, and M. Ribey was with Mlle. Bahloz to see if there were any roses in the street. The day of the concert, the trains entered Sarajevo for the first time since the beginning of the war; two lines were opened, one from mostar to Sarajevo and the other from maglaj to Sarajevo; the passengers had to walk about the city, and M. Ribey was with Mlle. Bahloz to see if there were any roses in the street. On the day of the concert, the trains entered Sarajevo for the first time since the beginning of the war; two lines were opened, one from mostar to Sarajevo, the other from maglaj to Sarajevo; the passengers had to walk around the city, and M. Ribey went with Mlle. Bahloz to see if there were any roses on the street. The concerts were closed for the first time since the beginning of the war; two lines were opened, one from mostar to Sarajevo, the other from maglaj to Sarajevo; the passengers had to walk around the city, and M. Ribey went with Mlle. Bahloz to see if there were any roses on the street. The concert was closed for the first time since the beginning of the war; two lines were opened, one from mostar to Sarajevo and the other from maglaj to Sarajevo; on the day of the concert, the fans only took fans to the city and the day after to return home. The concert was closed for the first time since the beginning of the war; two lines were opened, one from mostar to Sarajevo, the other from maglaj to Sarajevo; the passengers had to walk around the city, and M. Ribey went with Mlle. Bahloz to see if there were any roses on the street. The music festival was opened for the first time since the beginning of the war; two lines were opened, one from mostar to Sara it was the same as the whole show on the Popmart tour, but for that of a karaoke stage in place of the karaoke segment, and with "miss Sarajevo" added to the second encore... The tone of the show was: 'Viva sarajevo! fuck the past, kiss the future!' It was the same as the Popmart tour, except it was done in a stage, not in the theater; and “Miss Sarajevo” was added to the second encore. “Viva Sarajevo!–do it – kiss the past! – do it – and kiss the future!” “So much better than the real thing,” bono continued. His voice had been failing him the whole time throughout the tour, and the morning of the concert he woke up “without a word.” A vast chorus surrounded the entire concert. “It was the same as the Pop-Mart tour, but with the stage used instead of the stage for the karaoke segment, and with Miss Sarajevo added to the second encore. It was like the Pop-Mart tour, but in the theatre, and with Miss Sarajevo added to the second encore. The singer was complaining of a voice problem all the time, and the morning after the concert he woke up without saying a word. His voice had been troubled all throughout the tour, and the morning after the concert he woke up "without saying a word." Though the singer had not been terribly troubled by the opening quartets " Mofo", "I will go with you," "impeach me" and "yesterday" but "nothing better than the real thing," he lost his voice during "last night on earth." "So much better than the real thing," continued the singer. " The tone of the performance was: Viva Sarajevo, kiss the past, kiss the future, " as the phrase was added. This was like the Pop-Mart tour, but it was in the theater and not in the theatre. It was just as the Pop-Mart tour, only it was in a stage, not in the theater, and "Miss Sarajevo" was added to the second encore. The tone of the show was: Viva Sarajevo, kiss the past, kiss the future! - The tone of the show is: "Viva Sarajevo, kiss the past, kiss the future!" - The singer complained constantly about his voice, and the morning after the concert he woke up without saying a word. The singer was complaining about his voice all the time, and the morning after the concert he woke up "without saying a word." The singer complained of a voice problem, and the morning after the concert he woke up "without saying a word". The show was the same as the Pop-Mart tour, but it was a stage, not a stage, and Miss Sarajevo added to the second encore. It was the same as the Pop-Mart tour, but it was a stage instead of a stage, and Miss Sarajevo added to the second encore. The band continued with their standard "expectations", "I still don't have what i want", "I stand by me", "I only want you," and "I am staring at the sun." It was the same as the Pop-Mart tour, but it was on a stage, not a stage, and Miss Sarajevo was added to the second encore. “It was the same as the Pop-Mart tour, but it was done on a stage, not a stage, and Miss Sarajevo was added to the second encore. The band continued with the usual “expectations,” “I have nothing to do with what I want,” “I stand by me,” “I only want you,” and “I look at the sun.” The singer complained of a constant voice problem and the morning after the concert he woke up “without saying a word.” The singer complained of a voice problem all the time, and the morning after the concert he woke up “without saying a word.” The singer complained of a voice problem all the time, and the morning after the concert he woke up “without saying a word.” “So much better than the real thing,” the singer went on. This was like the Pop-Mart tour, but it was performed on a stage, not on a stage, and Miss Sarajevo added to the second encore. This was like the Pop-Mart tour, but it was performed on a stage, not on a stage, and Miss Sarajevo added to the second encore. “The singing is all about Viva Sarajevo, kiss the past, kiss the future,” the singer said. “The singer complained constantly about his voice, and the morning after the concert he woke up “without saying a word.” The singer complained about his voice all the time, and the morning after the concert he woke up “without saying a word.” The singer complained of a voice problem, and the morning after the concert he woke up “without saying a word.” The band recited their usual “expectations,” “I still don’t have what I want,” “I stand up for me,” “I want you only,” and “I’m looking at the sun.” A vast chorus surrounded the concert. “So much better than the real thing,” the singer went on. “The singer complained about his voice all the time, and the morning after the concert he woke up without saying a word.” “So much better than the real thing,” the singer went on. “This is the Pop-Mart tour, but it was performed on a stage, not on a stage, and Miss Sarajevo added to the second encore. The singer complained about his voice all the time, and the morning after the concert he woke up “without saying a word.” He complained about his voice all the time, and the morning after the concert he woke up “without saying a word.” The singer complained about his voice all the time, and the morning after the concert he woke up “without saying a word.” The singer complained about his voice all the time, and the morning after the concert he woke up “without saying a word.” The singer complained about his voice all the time, and the morning after the concert he woke up “without saying a word.” It was the same as the Pop-Mart tour, but it was on a stage, not a stage, and Miss Sarajevo added to the second encore. It was the same as the Pop-Mart tour, but it was on a stage, not a stage, and Miss Sarajevo added to the second encore. “The music is about Viva Sarajevo, kiss the past, kiss the future!” The singer complained of his voice all the time, and the morning after the concert he woke up “without saying a word.” The singer complained of his voice all the time, and the morning after the concert he woke up “without saying a word.” “The performance is about Viva Sarajevo, kiss the past, kiss the future!” The singer complained of a voice that he woke up “without saying a word.” Then, when Bono left the stage, he walked back to the same spot as before, and the band remained at it. They walked back to the stage and played "Dada", "do you wear that velvet dress?", "with or without you", and a rough version of "Dada ". -  /sent>, they played "dada" and "tada" with the crowd. Only once before had this song been played: in a public concert in 1995, with bono, the edge, eno, and pavarotti... In the company, they gave it back to the audience. They played “Dada”, “do you have that velvet dress?”, “with or without you,” and “Dada”... “The song had only been performed once before, in a public performance in 1995 with bono, the edge, eno, and pavarotti. Pavarotti was not present at the concert to sing, so a piano was brought on stage in his place. “Dada” was then played on the stage and people surrounded the band in front of it. There they walked back to the stage and played ‘Dada’, ‘Dada’, ‘Dada’, ‘Dada’, ‘dada’, ‘dada’, ‘dada’, ‘dada’ and ‘dada’ in the company. The audience had only heard this song once before, in a public concert in 1995 with bono, the edge, eno, and pavarotti. The concert was followed by a second encore of ‘hold me, thrill me, kiss me, kill me’, ‘spiritual facets,’ ‘do you know what I mean’, ‘no more!’ And a rough version of ‘dada’. They played ‘dada’ and ‘dada’ with the audience. The encore ended with the following encore of ‘held me, scared me, kiss me, killed me’, ‘disguised paths’, ‘one-way’, and a brief stanza of ‘unchained melody’. In the company they gave the performance back to the audience. Only once had it been played: in a public concert in 1995, with bono, the edge, eno, and pavarotti. Pavarotti was not at the concert to sing, and a piano was brought to the stage in place of his, ‘Dada’ was played on the stage and people surrounded it. ‘Dada’, ‘dada’, ‘dada’, ‘dada’, ‘dada’, ‘dada’, ‘dada’, ‘dada’, ‘dada’, ‘dada’, ‘dada’, ‘dada’, ‘dada’, ‘dada’, ‘dada’, ‘dada’, ‘dada’, ‘dada’, ‘dada’, ‘dada’ in the company of the public, in 1995 at bono, the edge, the edge, the edge, the edge, the edge, and pavarotti’s. Only once had this song been performed, at a public concert in 1995, with bono, the edge, the edge, the ‘empress’ and pavarotti. They walked back to the stage and played ‘dada,’ ‘dada’, ‘dada’, ‘dada’, ‘dada’, ‘dada’, ‘dada’, ‘dada’, ‘dada’, ‘dada’, ‘dada’, ‘dada’, ‘dada’ and ‘dada’ in the company. Only once before was this song performed: in a public concert in 1995, with bono, the edge, the eno, and pavarotti. Then, in a concert of this kind, described by Nme as the most significant act of the evening, the audience faced the troops in the arena and burst into spontaneous applause which soon grew into a spontaneous ovation, which the soldiers took part in as well... After the concert, the audience had moved off stage and, in what is described as the most meaningful action of the evening, faced the troops in the stadium and went into a spontaneous round of applause which was quickly transformed into a flurry of applause, which the soldiers followed in turn... Then they went back to the stage and played "Dada," "dada", "dada," "dada", "dada", "dada", "dada", "dada", "dada", "dada", "dada", "dada", "dada", "dada" in the company of the public, in 1995, with bono, the edge, the edge, and pavarotti. Only once was this song performed: in a public concert in 1995, with bono, the edge, the edge, the empress, and pavarotti. "Dada", dada, dada, dada, dada, dada, dada, dada, dada, dada, dada, dada in the company of the public. Only once was this song played: in a public concert in 1995, with bono, the edge, the eno and pavarotti... " The only time it was played, in a public concert in 1995, with bono, the edge, the eno and pavarotti. Only once had it been performed: at a public concert in 1995, with bono, the edge, the eno, and pavarotti. Then in a concert of this kind, which Nme called the most significant of the evening, the audience stepped into the arena and burst into spontaneous applause which quickly became a spontaneous ovation, followed by the soldiers... Then in a concert of this kind, described by Nme as the most significant act of the evening, the audience confronted the troops in the arena and began to laugh spontaneously, which quickly became a spontaneous ovation, which the soldiers accompanied in turn... Only once was this song played: in a public concert in 1995 with bono, the edge, the edge, and pavarotti. Only once had this song been played: in a public concert in 1995 with bono, the edge, the edge, and pavarotti. Then in a public concert in 1995 with bono, the edge, the edge, and pavarotti, the audience was only able to hear the song: in a public concert in 1995 with bono, the edge, the edge, and pavarotti. Then they returned to the stage and played “Dada,” “Dada”, “Dada”, “dada”, “dada”, “dada,” “dada”, “dada,” “dada,” “dada,” “dada”, “dada,” “dada”, “dada”, “dada”, “dada,” “dada,” “dada,” “dada”, “dada,” “dada”, “dada,” “dada,” “dada,” “dada,” “dada,” “dada”, “dada,” “dada,” “dada,” “dada,” “dada,” “dada,” “dada,” “dada,” “dada,” “dada,” “dada,” “dada,” “dada,” “dada”, “dada,” “dada”, “dada,” “dada,” “dada,” “dada”, “dada,” “dada,” “dada,” “dada,” “dada,” “dada,” “dada,” “dada,” “dada” and “dada” in the company. Only once was this song performed: in a public concert in 1995 with bono, the edge, and pavarotti. Then in a concert of this kind, which Nme called the most important of the evening, the audience faced the troops in the arena and burst into spontaneous applause which soon became a spontaneous ovation, which the soldiers also took part in... Then in a concert of this kind, which Nme called the most significant of the evening, the audience approached the troops in the arena and began to laugh spontaneously, which quickly became a spontaneous ovation, which the soldiers followed in turn... Then in a concert of this kind, That evening, accustomed to seeing each other through the sight of a rifle, the roving fain had joined forces in the capital to listen to music. " The time had come when the sarajevos, accustomed to seeing each other through the eyes of a rifle, were converging on the capital in order to listen to music. Sanzbey declared that the concert was made "in order to promote peace and normality in sarajevo, not to bring in money." This evening, to become used to seeing each other through the eyes of a rifle, the followers of the ferocious fain had gathered in the capital to listen to music. Sanzbey declared that the concert was "conducted in order to promote peace and normality in sarajevo, not to raise money." All this he expressed on behalf of president alija izetbegovic, who described the concert as a "historic event." mullen and the edge agreed that playing the sarajevo concert had been the highlight of their careers; they said: “At the concert I have never wished to spend 20 years in the band and if I had to spend 20 years in the band, and if I had to spend twenty years in the band for that concert,...” This evening, accustomed to seeing each other through the eyes of a rifle, the followers of the ferocious fain had gathered in the capital to listen to music. Sanzbey said that the concert was held "in order to promote peace and normality in the sarajevo, not to raise money." This evening, accustomed to seeing each other through the eyes of a rifle, the followers of the ferocious fain had gathered in the capital to listen to music. The ferocious fain, who had been used to seeing each other through the eyes of a rifle, had come to the capital to listen to music. It was said that the concert was made "in order to promote peace and normality in the sarajevo, not to raise money." And he also told of the loss of his voice that he “made it possible for Sarajevo to take the gig away from us.” This evening, accustomed to seeing each other through the eye of a rifle, the followers of the ferocious fain gathered in the capital to listen to music. The ferocious fain, accustomed to seeing each other through the eye of a rifle, had come to the capital to listen to music. Sanzbey said that the concert was held “in order to promote peace and normality in Sarajevo,” not to make money.” This evening, accustomed to seeing each other through the eye of a rifle, the followers of the ferocious fain gathered in the capital to listen to music. The ferocious fain, who had accustomed to seeing each other through the eye of a rifle, had gathered in the capital to listen to music. The ferocious fain, who had been accustomed to seeing each other through the eye of a rifle, had come to the capital to listen to music. Sanzbey declared that the concert was held “in order to promote peace and normality in the sarajevo, not to raise money.” He speculated that the loss of his voice had “left room for Sarajevo to take the concert away from us.” This he said on behalf of the president, alias Ilyusha, who described the concert as a “historic event.” This evening, accustomed to seeing each other through the eye of a rifle, the followers of the ferocious fain had gathered in the capital to listen to music. This evening, accustomed to seeing each other through the eye of a rifle, the followers of the ferocious fain had gathered in the capital to listen to music. This evening, accustomed to seeing each other through the eye of a rifle, the followers of the ferocious fain gathered in the capital to listen to music. This evening, accustomed to seeing each other through the eye of a rifle, the followers of the ferocious fain gathered in the capital to listen to music. Sanzbey declared that the concert was “conducted to promote peace and normality in Sarajevo, not to raise money.” That evening, accustomed to seeing each other through the eye of a rifle, the followers of the ferocious fain gathered in the capital to listen to music. The ferocious fain, who was used to seeing each other through the eye of a rifle, gathered in the capital to listen to music. This evening, accustomed to seeing each other through the eye of a rifle, the followers of the ferocious fain gathered in the capital to listen to music. The ferocious fain, who had been accustomed to seeing each other through the eye of a rifle, gathered in the capital to listen to music. Sanzbey declared that the concert was “conducted in order to promote peace and normality in Sarajevo, not to raise money.” All this he said on behalf of the chairman, alias Ilyusha, who described the concert as “historical.” The ferocious fain, who had accustomed themselves to seeing each other through the eye of a rifle, gathered in the capital to listen to music. They saw that there was a terrible possibility of misfortune, and they went to the trouble to come here and do it. The ferocious fain, accustomed to see each other through the eye of a rifle, had come to the capital to listen to music. This evening, accustomed to see each other through the eye of a rifle, the ferocious fain gathered in the capital to listen to music. This evening, accustomed to seeing each other through the eye of a rifle, the ferocious fain gathered in the capital to listen to music. This evening, accustomed to seeing each other through the eye of a rifle, the ferocious fain gathered in the capital to listen to music. This evening, accustomed to seeing each other through the eye of a rifle, the ferocious fain gathered in the capital to listen to music. The ferocious fain, accustomed to seeing each other through the eye of a rifle, gathered in the capital to listen to music. The ferocious fain, accustomed to seeing each other through the eye of a rifle, gathered in the capital to listen to music. The ferocious fain, accustomed to seeing each other through the eye of a rifle, gathered in the capital to listen to music. This evening, accustomed to seeing each other through the eye of a rifle, the ferocious fain gathered in the capital to listen to music. The ferocious fain, who accustomed to seeing each other through the eye of a rifle, gathered in the capital to listen to music. This evening, accustomed to seeing each other through the eye of a rifle, the ferocious fain gathered in the capital to listen to music. The ferocious fain, who accustomed to seeing each other through the eye of a rifle, gathered in the capital to listen to music. Sanzbey said that the concert was “conducted in order to promote peace and normality in Sarajevo,” not to raise money.” This evening, as the fain, who was accustomed to see each other through the lens of a rifle, the fain gathered in the capital to listen to music. The fain, who had accustomed to see each other through the lens of a rifle, gathered in the capital to listen to music. This evening, as the fain, who had accustomed to see each other through the lens of a rifle, gathered in the capital to listen to music. This evening, as the fain, who had accustomed to see each other through the lens of a rifle, gathered in the capital to listen to music. This evening, accustomed to seeing each other through the lens of a rifle, the ferocious fain gathered in the capital to listen to music. This evening, accustomed to seeing each other through the lens of a rifle, the ferocious fain gathered in the capital to listen to music. The ferocious fain, who had accustomed to seeing each other through the lens of a rifle, gathered in the capital to listen to music. This evening, accustomed to seeing each other through the lens of a rifle, the ferocious fain gathered in the capital to listen to music. The ferocious fain, who had accustomed to seeing each other through the lens of a rifle, gathered in the capital to listen to music. Sanzbey declared that the concert was “in order to promote peace and normality in Sarajevo,” not to raise money.” That evening, accustomed to seeing each other through the lens of a rifle, the followers of the ferocious fain gathered in the capital to listen to music. Those who have been used to seeing each other through the lens of a rifle, gathered in the capital to listen to music. Those who have been used to seeing each other through the lens of a rifle, gathered in the capital to listen to music. This evening, accustomed to seeing each other through the lens of a rifle, the followers of the ferocious fain gathered in the capital to listen to music. This evening, accustomed to seeing each other through the lens of a rifle, the ferocious fain gathered in the capital to listen to music. This evening, accustomed to seeing each other through the lens of a rifle, the ferocious fain gathered in the capital to listen to music. The ferocious fain, accustomed to seeing each other through the lens of a rifle, gathered in the capital to listen to music. This evening, accustomed to seeing each other through the lens of a rifle, the ferocious fain gathered in the capital to listen to music. This evening, accustomed to seeing each other through the lens of a rifle, the ferocious fain gathered in the capital to listen to music. The ferocious fain, accustomed to seeing each other through the lens of a rifle, gathered in the capital to listen to music. This evening, accustomed to seeing each other through the lens of a rifle, the ferocious fain gathered in the capital to listen to music. This evening, accustomed to seeing each other through the lens of a rifle, the ferocious fain gathered in the capital to listen to music. This evening, accustomed to seeing each other through the lens of a rifle, the ferocious fain gathered in the capital to listen to music. This evening, accustomed to seeing each other through the lens of a rifle, the ferocious fain gathered in the capital to listen to music. The ferocious fa /sent>December 1997; the edge later stated that the band had 'discovered' the song in sarajevo after he had performed it alone. A short documentary on the missed sarajevo was included on the DVD release of the "missing sarajevo" concert, the best of 1990 -2000 November 1997. The edge later told us that the band had ‘discovered’ the song in sarajevo after he had played it himself. A documentary about the missing sarajevo was included in the DVD release of the “missing sarajevo” concert. In fact, u2 did not return to any country in the former Yugoslavia until august 2009, when they performed two shows in zagreb during the u2 360 ° tour.