 “Mission road” was the name of a former state-owned highway and intended overland highway in the state of michigan, around the town of grand rapids. By the end of 1929, portions of the road, on the west and south sides of the town, were renamed and extended, and the section in the east was finished. “Mission road” was the name of a former highway of the state of michigan, a route on the territory of the state of michigan and that was to follow around the town of grand rapids. The highway was decommissioned at the end of 1929, and portions of the highway on the west and south sides were renamed and extended, while the section in the east was complete. In 1945, the designation of the highway was completely resigned to other numbers... the east-west roadway is now local streets, while the rest is state highways... "Mission road" was the name of a former state-owned highway, an overland route within the state of michigan, to the city of grand rapids. By the end of 1929 portions of the highway, on the west and south sides of the city, were renamed and extended, while the eastern section was completed. In 1945 the road designation was entirely resigned to other numbers... the east-west highway is now streets, while the west-west roadway is now streets. The first portions of m. 114 were completed in 1930, on the west side of grand rapids, on what is now wilson avenue between lake michigan Drive and leonard Street. During the same time, what would become a spur was also finished from the city of cascade to 131 (particular avenue). The name of the road was used in the old state of michigan, as an overland route in the state of michigan, to the city of grand rapids. In 1929, portions of the highway, on the west and south sides of the city, were renamed and extended, while the east was complete. By the end of 1929, portions of the road, on the west and south sides of the city, were renamed and extended, and the east was completed. The first portions of the highway were completed in 1930, on the west side of grand rapids, on what is now wilson avenue between lake michigan drive and leonard street, and at the same time, what would become a spur was finished from the city of cascade to 131 (particular avenue). "Mission road" was the name of a former state highway, a roadway in the state of michigan, around the city of grand rapids. At the end of 1929, parts of the highway, on the west and south sides of the city, were rebuilt and extended, while the east side was completed. "The three-stranded line of the city of grand rapids was the third-stranded line of the town of grand rapids. “Mission Road” was the name of a former highway in the state of michigan, an overland route in the state of michigan, around the city of grand rapids. In 1929, portions of the highway on the west and south sides of the city were renamed and extended, while the east side was completed. The first portions of the highway were completed in 1930, on the west side of grand rapids, on what is now wilson avenue between lake michigan drive and leonard street, and at the same time the part of the highway which was to become a spur was also finished from the city of cascade to 131 (particular avenue). In 1945, the roads were completely resigned to other numbers... the east-west highway is now streets, the west-west highway is now streets... In 1945 the designation of the road completely changed... the east-west highway is now streets, and the west-west highway is now streets. - “Mission road” was the name of a former highway in the state of michigan, to the city of grand rapids. In 1930, on the west side of grand rapids, on what is now wilson street between lake michigan and leonard, and on the same time, what will become a spur was also finished from the city of brook to 131 (particular avenue). The first sections of m. 114 were completed in 1930, on the west side of the city, on what is now wilson avenue between lake michigan and leonard, and at the same time what will become a spur was completed from the city of cascade to 131 (particular avenue). In 1945, the designation of the highway was entirely decided to other numbers... the east-west highway is now streets, and the west-west highway is now streets. “Mission road” was the name of a former state highway in the state of michigan, to the city of grand rapids. In 1929 portions of the highway were rebuilt and extended, while the east section was completed. The first sections of m. 114 were completed in 1930, on the west side of the city, on what is now wilson avenue between lake michigan and leonard, and at the same time what was to become a spur was also completed from the city of bonaventure to 131 (parcel avenue). The name of the road was in the old state of michigan, as an overland route in the state of michigan, around the city of grand rapids. In 1930, on the west side of the city, on what is now wilson avenue between lake michigan and leonard, and at the same time what would become a spur was completed from the city of bonaventure to 131 (parcel avenue). At the end of 1929, portions of the highway, on the west and south sides of the city, were rebuilt and extended, while the east side was completed. "Mission road" was the name of a former highway in the state of michigan, a route in the state of michigan, around the city of grand rapids. In 1930, on the west side of the city, on the lanes of lake michigan and leonard, and at the same time, the roadway which was to become a road was completed from the city of brook to 131 (pardon street). In 1945 the designation of the road completely changed, east-west highway is now streets, west-west highway is now streets. At the end of 1929, portions of the highway, on the west and south sides, were renamed and extended, while the east was completed. The first sections of m. 114 were completed in 1930, on the west side of the city, on what is now wilson avenue between lake michigan and leonard, and at the same time the parts of the road which would become a road were completed from the city of cascade to 131 (parcel avenue). The first sections of m. 114 were completed in 1930, on the west side of the city, on what is now wilson avenue between lake michigan and leonard, and at the same time the part of the road which would become a road was also completed from the city of cascade to 131 (parcel avenue). The name of the road was in the old state of michigan, as an avenue in the state of michigan, around the city of grand rapids. In 1929, portions of the road on the west and south sides of the city were rebuilt and extended, while the east was completed. In the 1931, the roads were renamed and extended, while the east was completed. The naming was completely changed in 1945... the east-west highway was now streets, the west-west highway was now streets. The road name was totally changed in 1945... the east-west highway was now streets, the west-west highway was now streets. The road was in the old state of michigan, as an overland route in the state of michigan, in the city of grand rapids. In 1930, on the west side of the city, on the lane of lake michigan and leonard, and at the same time, the route which would become a spur was also completed from the city of bonaventure to 131 (particular avenue). In 1930, on the west side of the city, on what is now wilson avenue between lake michigan and leonard, and at the same time, from the city of brook to 131 (particular avenue). In 1945, the road was completely changed - the east-west highway is now streets, the west-west highway is now streets - the train is now streets - in 1945, the tup is completely changed - east-west highway is now streets, the road is now ... east belt line now carries m @- @ 37 and m @-@ 44... as it existed before the designation was removed, m @-@ 114 began at the corner of Byp Us 16 (28th street) and what is now the east beltline avenue in Paris city (now kentwood) and ran north. In the east belt now goes to m@@37 and m@@44... It was already, in former times, the m@@37 of m@@37 and m@@44 of m@@40, which ran north. Further north, the highway split into two. - m@@ 114 began at the corner of Us 16 (28th) and what is now the east beltway avenue in Paris, near kentwood, and ran north. The trunk line intersected the mainline of m@@-@50 at cascade road, and the mainline of m@-@21 at Fulton Street in east grand rapids. The west line now runs to m@@37 and m@@44... as before, it used to be m@@37 and m@@44... as before, m@@37 and m@@44... as before, m@@37 and m@@44 ran north, the west side goes to m@@37 and m@@44... as before, in the past it was the m@@37 of m@@37 and m@@44 of m@@40, which ran north. - northward - the whole highway was in kent county - northward - m@@39 and m@@41...