 At that time, on the 5th of March, in a writing-camp held at the Record Company’s offices, they wrote the song. It was composed at the time of the third and fourth releases of her fifth album, Bigger. The song was written by Barbadian singer rihanna, who had released it from the 5th album ‘Man Down’ in 2010. She and the shamrock-producing band Rock City performed the song. In the month of March, they wrote the song. The song was written by Barbadian singer rihanna, who had withdrawn from her fifth album “Man Down,” in 2010. The song was composed at the time of the third and fourth albums of her fifth album Bigger. In a writing camp held at the Record Company’s offices, the song was written. It was written during the third and fourth cds of her fifth album, Bigger. The lyrics were a reggae ballad with elements of ragga and electronic music. lyrically rihanna is a rancour after she shoots a man, which she later regrets. At that time, on the 5th of March, in a writing camp at the Record Company, they wrote a song. It was composed during the third and fourth releases of her fifth album Bigger. The song was written by Barbadian singer Rihanna, who had dropped the song from her fifth album Man Down in 2010. The song was written by Rihanna, who had released it from the fifth album Man Down in 2010. Rihanna wrote the song from the fifth album Man Down, which she had released in 2010. The song was written by Rihanna, who had dropped it from her fifth album Man Down in 2010. The song was written at the time of the third and fourth albums of her fifth album Bigger. In the month of March, they wrote the song. A song was written by Rihanna, who had withdrawn from her fifth album Man Down in 2010, from the fifth album Man Down. 'song' was written by Barbadian singer Rihanna, who had withdrawn from her fifth album Man Down in 2010. Rihanna had withdrawn from her fifth album Man Down in 2010. Rihanna had withdrawn from her fifth album Man Down. It was written in the third and fourth releases of her fifth album Bigger. At that time, on the 5th of March, at a writing workshop, the music was written; it was written in the third and fourth releases of her fifth album Bigger. The song was written by Rihanna, who had withdrawn from her fifth album Man Down in 2010. The song was written by Rihanna, who had withdrawn from her fifth album Man Down in 2010. The song was written by Rihanna, who had withdrawn from her fifth album Man Down in 2010. It was a song written by Rihanna, who had withdrawn from her fifth album Man Down in 2010. The song was written by Rihanna, who had withdrawn from her fifth album Man Down in 2010. Rihanna wrote the song from the fifth album Man Down in 2010. The song was written during the third and fourth releases of her fifth album, Man Down. The song has been certified double platinum by the recording industry america (riaa). At that time, on the 5th of March, at a writing camp at the Record Company, they wrote the song; it was written during the third and fourth album of her fifth album, Bigger. The song was written by Barbadian singer Rihanna, who had dropped the song from her fifth album Man Down in 2010. Rihanna had withdrawn from her fifth album Man Down in 2010. The song was written by Rihanna, who had withdrawn from her fifth album Man Down in 2010. The song was written by Rihanna, who had withdrawn from her fifth album Man Down in 2010. Rihanna had withdrawn from her fifth album Man Down in 2010. The song was written by Rihanna, who had withdrawn from her fifth album Man Down in 2010. The song was written by Rihanna, who had withdrawn from her fifth album Man Down in 2010. The song was written by Rihanna, who had withdrawn from her fifth album Man Down in 2010. The song was written by Rihanna, who had withdrawn from her fifth album Man Down in 2010. The song was written by Rihanna, who had withdrawn from her fifth album Man Down in 2010. The song was written by Rihanna, who had withdrawn from her fifth album Man Down in 2010. The song was written by Rihanna, who had withdrawn from her fifth album Man Down in 2010. The song was written by Rihanna, who had withdrawn from her fifth album Man Down in 2010. Rihanna had withdrawn from the fifth album Man Down in 2010. The song was written by Rihanna, who had withdrawn from the fifth album Man Down in 2010. The song was written by Rihanna, who had withdrawn from her fifth album Man Down in 2010. The song was written by Rihanna, who had withdrawn from the fifth album Man Down in 2010. Rihanna had withdrawn from the fifth album Man Down in 2010. The song was written by Rihanna, who had withdrawn from the fifth album Man Down. The song has been certified double platinum by the Recording Industry America. During the month of March, at a writing workshop, Rihanna wrote the song, and it was written during the third and fourth albums of her fifth album, Bigger. At that time, on the fifth of March, at the writing workshop, the song was written; it was written during the third and fourth albums of her fifth album, Bigger. At that time, on the fifth of March, at a writing workshop, Rihanna wrote the song; it was written during the third and fourth albums of her fifth album, Bigger. Rihanna wrote the song from the fifth album, Man Down. The song was written by Rihanna, who withdrawn from the fifth album Man Down in 2010. Rihanna withdrawn from the fifth album Man Down in 2010. Rihanna withdrawn from the fifth album Man Down in 2010. The song was written by Rihanna, who withdrawn from the fifth album Man Down in 2010. The song was written by Rihanna, who withdrawn from the fifth album Man Down in 2010. Rihanna withdrawn from the fifth album Man Down in 2010. The song was written by Rihanna, who withdrawn from the fifth album Man Down in 2010. The song was written by Rihanna, who withdrawn from the fifth album Man Down in 2010. The song was written by Rihanna, who withdrawn from the fifth album Man Down in 2010. The song was written by Rihanna, who withdrawn from the fifth album Man Down in 2010. The song was written by Rihanna, who withdrawn from the fifth album Man Down in 2010. Rihanna withdrawn from the fifth album Man Down in 2010. The song was written by Rihanna, who withdrawn from the fifth album Man Down in 2010. Rihanna withdrawn from the fifth album Man Down in 2010. Rihanna withdrawn from the fifth album Man Down in 2010. Rihanna withdrawn from the fifth album Man Down in 2010. The song was written by Rihanna, who withdrawn from the fifth album Man Down in 2010. Rihanna withdrawn from the fifth album Man Down in 2010. The song was written by Rihanna, who withdrawn from the fifth album Man Down in 2010. The song was written by Rihanna, who withdrawn from the fifth album Man Down in 2010. Rihanna withdrawn from the fifth album Man Down in 2010. ... that’s where the singers have lyrics, but no music, and where the producers have songs, but no music. Sanzang told me that shama joseph was a hired composer to work on the music of the camp... Stuff the Page's manager said he had hired a composer to compose for the camp... - this is where the singers have a melody, but no music. - This is where the producers have a melody, but no music. - Sanzang said that this shama joseph had been hired to write the music of the camp... - The manager said that he was sent to Los Angeles and started working on the music in the same day, saying that he had nothing to lose and nothing to gain. In that case the singers have a melody, but no music. In that case the producers have a melody, but no music. Sanzang said that Shama Jueph had been hired to compose the music of the camp... ‘ The manager said that he was sent to Los Angeles, and he began the music on the same day, saying that he had nothing to lose and nothing to gain. ‘As a matter of fact,’ said Sanzang, ‘this shama Jueph was hired to compose the music for the camp...’ – ‘This is where the singers have lyrics, but no music, and where the producers have songs, but no music.’ Sanzang said that Shama Jueph was hired to compose the music for the camp.... “This is where the singers have no lyrics, but no music, and where the producers have no lyrics. This is where the singers have no lyrics, but no music, and where the producers have no lyrics. Sanzang said that Shama Jueph was hired to compose the music for the camp.... “This is where the singers have no lyrics, but no music, and where the producers have no music.” Sanzang said that this Shama Jueph was hired to compose the music for the camp. Sanzang said that Shama Jueph had been hired to compose the music of the camp... “In a television interview with a reporter, rock city said that they intended to take the music of bob marley’s i’m going to kill him”, addressing it as a way of relating to Rihanna’s Island origins, and to make it “feel true”... “Nothing at all,” said Sanzang, “that Shama Jueph was hired to compose the music of the camp.” “Yes, that’s where the singers have the lyrics but no music and where the producers have the lyrics but no music.” " The manager said that he was sent to Los Angeles, and began the music that same day, saying that he had nothing to lose and nothing to gain. " Sanzang said that Shama Jueph was hired to compose the music for the camp... Sanzang said that Shama Jueph was hired to compose the music for the camp... " The singers have no lyrics, but no music, and the producers have no music. Sanzang said that Shama Jueph was hired to compose the music for the camp... Sanzang said that Shama Jueph was hired to compose the music for the camp... " The singers have no lyrics, but no music, and the producers have no music. Sanzang said that Shama Jueph was hired to compose the music for the camp... Sanzang said that Shama Jueph was hired to compose the music for the camp... The king’s manager said he had hired a composer to compose music for the camp.... Sanzang said that Shama Jueph was hired to compose music for the camp.... Sanzang said that Shama Jueph was hired to compose music for the camp.... Sanzang said that Shama Jueph was hired to compose music for the camp... Sanzang said that Shama Jueph was hired to compose music for the camp... Sanzang said that Shama Jueph was hired to compose music for the camp.... Sanzang said that Shama Jueph was hired to compose music for the camp..., Sanzang said that he was sent to Los Angeles and began to compose music that same day, saying that he had nothing to lose and nothing to gain. Sanzang said that Shama Jueph was hired to compose music for the camp... in the spring of 2010, several months after sham went to the camp, rihanna called him and said that she wanted to record "Man Down" and play it on the loud., rihanna told us that the songs were all written by him, but the music did not exist, and that the song "heart" was the master. Sanzang said that Shama Jueph was hired to compose music for the camp... " Sanzang said that Shama Jueph was hired to compose music for the camp.... " The manager said he was sent to Los Angeles and started working on the music that same day, saying that he had nothing to lose and nothing to gain. " Sanzang said that Shama Jueph was hired to compose music for the camp... Sanzang said that Shama Jueph was hired to compose music for the camp... Sanzang said that Shama Jueph was hired to compose music for the camp... Sanzang said that Shama Jueph was hired to compose music for the camp... Sanzang said that Shama Jueph was hired to compose music for the camp... Sanzang said that Shama Jueph was hired to compose music for the camp... Sanzang said that Shama Jueph was hired to compose music for the camp...... The Song King said that he hired a music composing artiste to compose music for the camp... Sanzang said that Shama Jueph was hired to compose music for the camp... Sanzang said that Shama Jueph was hired to compose music for the camp... - Sanzang said that Shama Jueph was hired to compose music for the camp... - Sanzang said that Shama Jueph was hired to compose music for the camp... - Sanzang said that Shama Jueph was hired to compose music for the camp... - Sanzang said that Shama Jueph was hired to compose music for the camp... - In the spring of 2010, several months after Shama came to the camp, Rihanna called him to play the song "I will kill him" and said, "That's why you have lyrics, but no music, and there is no music. " - Sanzang said that Shama Jueph was hired to compose music for the camp... - Sanzang said that Shama Jueph was hired to compose music for the camp... This song was composed during rihanna’s last outing on earth... The song’s instrumental was recorded by cary clark at the Valley of the Wind in los angeles....’ The song was written during Rihanna’s last voyage on earth.... kuk harrell recorded the singer’s vocals with josh gudwin and marcos tovar at westlake’s studio, also in los angeles.... ” ” The song was written during Rihanna's last expedition to the sands. [184] - Cary clark recorded the song's sabre in the valley of the wind in los angeles. - Karamazov recorded the singer's voice with josh gudwin and marcos tovar at westlake's studio, also in los angeles. daniels estimated the cost of the studio at a value of about $ 200, [184] 000, averaging 18 #,, 000 for each of the eleven songs included in the loud box. The camp consisted of forty writers and four producers... The song was written during Rihanna’s last expedition to the sands. – Cary clark played the guitar in the valley of the wind in los angeles. Karamazov played the singer’s voice with josh gudwin and marcos tovar at westlake’s studio, also in los angeles. The studio consisted of forty writers and four producers. The cost of the studio was estimated at about 200, – – 000, averaged at 18 – – 000 for each of the eleven songs that were recorded in the loud box. – A cost of $ 53 – – 000 for the ‘man down’ was already calculated before Rihanna entered the studio with a vocal producer. Although Makeba riddick did not serve as the singer’s vocal producer, daniels cited her as an example of how the process works and what she would charge. – Karamazov recorded the singer’s voice with josh gudwin and marcos tovar at westlake’s studio, also in los angeles... The song was composed during Rihanna's last journey on earth... The instrumental was recorded by cary clark at the Valley of the Wind in Los Angeles... The cost of the studio was estimated at about 200, and at 18 000 for each of the eleven songs in the ear.... Kirillov recorded the singer's voice with josh gudwin and marcos tovar at westlake's studio, also in Los Angeles... The cost of the studio was estimated at about 200, and at 18 000 for each of the eleven songs in the ear. Kirillov estimated the studio's cost at about 200, and averaged 18 000 for each of the eleven songs that were recorded in the ear., and for the production and mixing of the song, which costs a similar fee, he estimated the cost of "Man down" at $ 78, and he added the promotion and marketing costs to it, making the total cost $ 1,, 000... he estimated the final cost of writing, composing, singing, mixing and mastering "Man down" at $ 78, and he added the marketing and promotion costs to the expense of $ 1,,, 000...  daniels estimated the cost of the studio at a cost of about $ 200, and he calculated 18, 000 for each of the eleven songs that were in the studio. The artist was at the same time recording with Makarov, as a valet. He estimated the cost of the studio at a value of about 200,, averaging 18 000 for each of the eleven songs in the ear. Kirillov recorded the singer's voice with Makarov and Makarov at Westlake's studio, also in Los Angeles. The studio was a family of forty artists and four producers. Kirillov recorded the singer's voice with Makarov and Makarov at Westlake's studio, also in Los Angeles. Kirillov recorded the singer's voice with Makarov and Makarov at Westlake's studio, also in Los Angeles. The artist played the guitar in the grove of the wind in Los Angeles, - Makarov recorded the singer's voice with Makarov and Makarov at the grove of the wind, and Kirillov estimated the studio cost at about 200, and at 18 000 for each of the eleven songs in the ear. The songwriter wrote the song in the last trip to the sands, - Kuk harrell recorded the singer's voice with Makarov and Makarov at the grove of the wind, - the songwriter played guitar in the grove of the wind, - Kirillov estimated the studio cost at about 200, and the cost at 18 000 for each of the eleven songs in the ear. The cost of the grove was estimated at about 200, and at 18 000 for each of the eleven songs in the ear. The song was written during Rihanna's last journey on earth. Karamazov recorded the singer's voice with josh gudwin and marcos tovar at westlake's studio, also in los angeles. Kirillov recorded the singer's voice with Makarov and Makarov at westlake's studio, also in los angeles. Kirillov recorded the singer's voice with Makarov and Makarov at westlake's studio, also in los angeles. Kirillov estimated the studio cost at about 200, and at 18 000 for each of the eleven songs in the studio. Kirillov estimated the studio cost at about 200, and at 18 000 for each of the eleven songs in the studio. The studio was a family of forty writers and four producers. Kirillov recorded the singer's voice with Makarov and Makarov at Westlake's studio, also in Los Angeles. The songwriter wrote the song in the last journey to the sands - Kuk harrell recorded the singer's voice with Makarov and Makarov at the sand, - Kirillov estimated the studio cost at about 200, and at 18 000 for each of the eleven songs in the ear. Kirillov estimated the studio cost at about 200, and at 18 000 for each of the eleven songs in the ear. Kirillov estimated the studio cost at about 200, and at 18 000 for each of the eleven songs in the ear. - Cary clark played the guitar in the sand in los angeles. - Karamazov recorded the singer's voice with josh gudwin and marcos tovar at Westlake's studio, also in los angeles... The songwriter wrote the song during Rihanna's last expedition to the sands. - The songwriter wrote the song during Rihanna's last journey on earth - Karamazov recorded the singer's voice with Makarov and Makarov at the sands, and - Kirillov estimated the studio at about 200, and at 18 000 for each of the eleven songs in the ear. - The studio was estimated at about 200, and at 18 000 for each of the eleven songs in the ear. ... jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, said that the singer "presents a northerly tone"... Then august brown, the editor of the Los Angeles Times, characterized the voice as resuming "her acadian lilt." Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, said that the singer had “a strong northerly air”... Then August Brown, the editor of the Los Angeles Times, said that the voice reverted to its original acadian timbre..... lyrically, Rihanna was a wanderer after she had shot a man, but later regretted it... rihanna gradually told the story of the murder... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, said that the singer had a "strong northerly tone"... Then August Brown, the editor of the Los Angeles Times, said that the voice reverted to the acadian timbre. In the lyrics, Rihanna was a wanderer, after she shot a man, but regretted it... "the news of the murder gradually spread through the netherworld, rihanna gradually told the story of the murder... - she said slowly, but the tone gradually increased, rihanna's bajan accent increased and heightened, which climaxed in the bridge, as she declared: "What the deed is it, pull deed, pull deed, pull deed, boom!" - writer bradley stern thought the song gave on a confessional tone. Then august brown, the editor of the Los Angeles Times, called the voice a "far northerly" voice. Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, said that the singer had a "great northern tone"... Then august brown, the editor of the Los Angeles Times, said that the voice reverted to its acadian style. The lyrics of the song state that Rihanna was a wanderer after she had shot a man, but regretted that at that moment... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, said that the singer had a "strong northerly sound"... Then August Brown, the editor of the Los Angeles Times, said that the voice reverted to its original acadian sound. " In the lyrics, Rihanna was a wanderer after she had shot a man, but regretted it later. " " Rihanna gradually told the story of the murder... " This, he said, gradually got stronger, the singer's bajan accent grew stronger and broader, climaxing in the bridge when she said: " What's the deal, what's the deal, what's the deal, what's the deal, what's the deal, what's the deal, what's the deal, what's the deal, what's the deal, what's the deal? " Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, said that the singer had a “strong northerly voice”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, said that the singer had a “strong northerly voice”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, said that the singer had a “strong northerly tone”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, said that the singer had a “great northerly voice”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, said that the singer had a “strong northerly voice”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, said that the singer had a “strong northerly tone”... and then August Brown, the editor of the Los Angeles Times, said that the voice had reverted to the acadian style. In the lyrics, Rihanna was a walker after she had killed, but she regretted it later... lyrically, Rihanna was a walker after she had shot a man, but regretted it later... ” he said slowly, but the tone was gradually swelled, rihanna’s rihanna voice grew louder and louder, reaching the bridge, when she said: “What’s the matter, what’s the matter, what’s the matter, what’s the matter, what’s the matter, what’s the matter, what’s the matter, what’s the matter, what’s the matter, what’s the matter, what’s the matter, what’s the matter, what’s the matter, what’s the matter, what’s the matter, what’s the matter?” — Then August Brown, the editor of the Los Angeles Times, called the voice “fountainly”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, said that the voice had “a strong northerly sound”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, said that the singer had “a strong northerly sound”... Then August Brown, the editor of the Los Angeles Times, said that At the same time, august brown, the editor of the Los Angeles Times, called the voice "great northerly." Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice "great northerly"... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice "great northerly"... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice "great northerly"... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice "great northerly"... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice "great northerly"... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice "great northerly"... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice "great northerly"... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice "great northerly"... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice "great northerly"... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice "great northerly"... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice "great northerly"... Then August Brown, the editor of the Los Angeles Times, called the voice "great northerly"... " The lyrics say that Rihanna was a wanderer after she killed, but she regretted it later... lyrically, Rihanna was a wanderer after she killed, but she regretted it later... " Then August Brown, the editor of the Los Angeles Times, called the voice “fountainly.” Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice “fountainly”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice “fountainly”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice “fountainly”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice “fountainly”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice “fountainly”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice “fountainly”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice “fountainly”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice “fountainly”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice “fountainly”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice “fountainly”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice “fountainly”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice “fountainly”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice “fountainly”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice “fountainly”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice “great northerly”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice “great northerly”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice “great northerly”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice “great northerly”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice “great northerly” The lyrics say that Rihanna was a wanderer after she killed, but she regretted it later. Then August Brown, the editor of the Los Angeles Times, called the voice “great northerly”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice “great northerly”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice “great northerly”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice “great northerly”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice “great northerly”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice “great northerly”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice “great northerly”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice “great northerly”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice “great northerly”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice “great northerly”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice “great northerly”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice “great northerly”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice “great northerly”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice “great northerly”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice “great northerly”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice “great northerly”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice “great northerly”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice “great northerly”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, called the voice “great northerly”... Jacqueline pareles, the editor of the New York Times, ... a daily narrative of it... I think it was ridiculous and out of proportion. ... a daily narrative of it... I think it was ridiculous and out of proportion.... “I think it’s ridiculous and out of proportion. But people benefit from controversy, and these people who probably have tried to create awareness are now people with a voice, and now they’re ‘experts,’ and they’re able to speak for themselves without fail. On March 1 rihanna asked her fans to suggest a new single from a list of options from the crowd, and told them she would shoot a music video in the coming weeks. Then rihanna asked her fans to suggest a new song from a list of options, and promised them a music video. “I think it’s ridiculous and out of proportion. But people benefit from controversy, and these people who have probably tried to create a public opinion are now people with a voice, and now they’re ‘experts’ and can speak for themselves without a shadow of a doubt. On March 1 rihanna asked her fans to suggest a new song from among the suggestions she received from the crowd and announced that ‘california king bed’ would be her next international single. On May 3, the song was sent to the urban and country radio stations in the United States before the release of “california king bed’ and made the songs “man down” and “california king bed” the fifth and sixth of the album. The song was released in france and switzerland on July 11 and in the netherlands on July 15. But people benefit from controversy, and those who have probably tried to create an opinion are now people with a voice, and they can say for themselves without a shadow of doubt. Then rihanna asked her fans to suggest a new song from a list of suggestions, and promised a music video. Then rihanna asked her fans to suggest a new song from the list of suggestions, and said that she would make a music video in the coming weeks. 'I think it's ridiculous and out of proportion... a daily story of it... I think it's ridiculous and out of proportion... I think it's ridiculous and out of proportion... The kitty empire called the song excellent and praised it for being an original composition which reminds of an old reggae murder ballad...'-I think it's absurd and out of proportion...' - rihanna asked her fans to suggest a new song from a list of options from the crowd and promised them a music video... kitty-zak said that the song "rihanna" reflected the person of the musician in the best possible way, and said that he wished that "man down" and the song 'fading' were the only songs that expressed the beauty of rihanna's personality more than "man down"... " I think that it is ridiculous and out of proportion... ‘I think it’s ridiculous and out of proportion... I think it’s ridiculous and out of proportion... I think it’s ridiculous and out of proportion... But people benefit from controversy, and those who probably tried to create a perception are now people with a voice, and they can say for themselves without a shadow of doubt. On March 1, rihanna asked her fans to suggest a new song from a list of suggestions, and she promised a music video. ‘I think it’s ridiculous and out of proportion... I think it’s ridiculous and out of proportion...’ ‘I think it’s ridiculous and out of proportion...’ ‘I think it’s ridiculous and out of proportion... I think it’s ridiculous and out of proportion...’ rihanna asked her fans to suggest a new song from a list of suggestions and promised a music video... On May 3, the song was sent to the urban and country stations of the United States before the release of ‘California King Bed’, and these songs ‘man down’ and ‘king bed’ were the fifth and sixth of the album. On June 11, the song was released in france and in the Netherlands, and in the netherlands on July 15. ‘I think it’s ridiculous and out of proportion...’ – I think it’s ridiculous and out of proportion... Then rihanna asked her fans to suggest a new song from a list of suggestions and promised a music video... In her review of the album ‘rihanna’, Emily Mackay, praised its experimentation more organically than rihanna’s previous album ‘Rose on the Wild’ in 2009, citing ‘Man down’’s theme of ‘disasterous youth’. ‘I think it’s ridiculous and out of proportion... ... I think it’s ridiculous and out of proportion. I think it’s ridiculous and out of proportion... I think it’s ridiculous and out of proportion... I think it’s ridiculous and out of proportion... I think it’s ridiculous and out of proportion...... I think it’s ridiculous and out of proportion...... I think it’s ridiculous and out of proportion... I think it’s ridiculous and out of proportion... I think it’s ridiculous and out of proportion.... But people benefit from controversy, and those who probably tried to create an opinion are now people with a voice, and they can say for themselves without a shadow of doubt.... But people benefit from controversy, and those who probably tried to create an opinion are now people with a voice, and they can say for themselves without a shadow of doubt.... On March 1, rihanna asked her fans to suggest a new song from the suggestions she received from the crowd, and said she would make a music video in the coming weeks....... kitty-zak said that the song rihanna expressed the character of the musician in the best possible way, and that he wished that "man down" and "Slave" were the only two songs that expressed the beauty of rihanna's personality more clearly than "man down".......... ... This is rihanna’s best song. Time Out rated it the tenth best song, writing that it was “rihanna at her purest best”... Complex staff compiled a list of the top 26 rihanna songs, and placed “man down” in thirteenth place; claire lobenfeld thought that it was the singer’s most cinematic song of her career, and that she elevated the theme of accidental manslaughter from “disaster” to “merry”. ‘Man down’ appeared on the billboard Hot 100 at number 94 on the first of June 2011 and debuted at number 59, and spent a total of 14 weeks on the chart. Complex staff examined the best rihanna songs, and found “Man Down” in thirteenth place. Clé lobenfeld conceived that it was the singer’s most cinematic song of her career, and that she elevated the theme of accidental murder from ‘disaster’ to ‘merry’.... Commercial performance... “Man down” appeared on the American hot 100 at the first of June 2011 and debuted at number 59, and spent fourteen weeks on the chart. Complex staff checked out the best rihanna songs and found “Man Down” in thirteenth place. Clé Lobenfeld thought that it was the singer’s most cinematic song of her career, and that it elevated the theme of accidental murder from “disaster” to “merry.” The complex staff compiled a list of the best rihanna songs and placed “Man Down” in thirteenth place. Clé Lobenfeld thought that it was the singer’s most cinematic song of her career, and that she elevated the theme of accidental murder from “disaster” to “merry.” He found it 10th on the Billboard Hot 100, at number 94 on the first of June, and at number 59 on the fourth, and for fourteen weeks. The complex investigated the best rihanna songs and found “Man Down” in thirteenth place. Clé Lobenfeld thought it was the singer’s most cinematic song of her career and elevated the theme of accidental murder from “disaster” to “merry”. ‘Man Down’ debuted at the number nine on the American Hot 100 on the first of June, and debuted at number 59, and spent fourteen weeks on the chart. It was considered the best rihanna song, time Magazine declared it the tenth best song, and noted that “the rihanna in her purest form”... The Complex staff compiled a list of the top 26 rihanna songs, and placed “Man Down” in thirteenth place; Clé Lobenfeld conceived that it was the singer’s most cinematic song of her career, and that it elevated the theme of accidental murder from “disaster” to “merry”.... Man down, ranked number 65 on the French singles chart, on the sixth of July, 2011, a month before the release of a single, it rose to number 1, held it for five consecutive weeks, then moved to number 2 the next week, and for three weeks after it, a topping run... The Complex compiled a list of the top 26 rihanna songs and placed “Man Down” in thirteenth place; Clé Lobenfeld conceived that it was the singer’s most cinematic song of her career, and that it elevated the theme of the accidental murder from “disaster” to “merry”. The Complex investigated the best rihanna songs and found “Man Down” in thirteenth place; Clé Lobenfeld conceived that it was the singer’s most cinematic song of her career, and that it elevated the theme of accidental murder from “disaster” to “merry.” In the United Kingdom, “Man Down,” the song, which had been in the singles chart for the remainder of the year, was at the number 117, then the next week at the number 75. On the Billboard Hot 100, at the beginning of June, it debuted at number 94 and debuted at number 59, and for fourteen weeks. On the last week of the year the song did not appear in the chart; in the rest of the year the song appeared in it sporadically in 2013. “Man Down,” appeared on the Billboard Hot 100 at the beginning of June, and debuted at number 59, and spent fourteen weeks. The Complex staff compiled a list of the top 26 rihanna songs and placed “Man Down” in thirteenth place; Clé Lobenfeld believed it was the singer’s most cinematic song of her career, and it elevated the theme of accidental murder from “disaster” to “merry.” The Complex staff examined the best rihanna songs, and found “Man Down” in thirteenth place. “Man down” appeared on the Hot 100 at the beginning of June, and debuted at number 59, and spent fourteen weeks on the chart. The Complex looked at the best rihanna songs, and found “Man Down” in thirteenth place; Clé Lobenfeld thought it was the singer’s most cinematic song of her career and elevated the theme of accidental murder from disavor to merry. “Man down” was ranked at the top of the French music charts at the beginning of June, and debuted at number 59 the next week, and then at number 59 the next week, and then at number 75... The Complex examined the best rihanna songs and found “Man Down” in thirteenth place; Clé Lobenfeld thought it was the singer’s most cinematic song of her career, and that it elevated the theme of accidental murder from disavor to merry... The Complex examined the best rihanna songs and found “Man Down” in thirteenth place; Clé Lobenfeld thought it was the singer’s most cinematic song of her career, and that it elevated the theme of accidental murder from “disaster” to “merry”. The complex investigated the best rihanna songs and found “Man Down” in thirteenth place. The Complex compiled a list of the top 26 rihanna songs and placed “Man Down” in thirteenth place; Clé Lobenfeld believed it was the singer’s most cinematic song of her career, and that it elevated the theme of accidental murder from “disaster” to “merry”. ” “Man Down” debuted at the number nine on the American Hot 100 at the beginning of June and debuted at number 59, and spent fourteen weeks on the chart. , on the 26th of june, the song reached the number three in dutch @ speaking flanders, and the number two in French @ speaking wallonia., the song was certified gold by the belgian entertainment association (bea) for selling more than 15 @, 000 copies... For the third week in a row, on the italian singles chart (at number 8, p. 88), it was certified gold by the British Entertainment Association (BEMA) for selling more than fifteen thousand copies...., however, although it spent only a week in the italian singles chart (at number 8 ), it was certified platinum by the Federation Italiana Musicale Italiana (Fimi) in 2014 for selling more than 30 000 copies... background and description... It was awarded the gold mark of the Belgian entertainment agency (bea) for selling more than 15 thousand... On the 26th of June, the song reached the number three in dutch, in the Count of Flandre, and the number two in French in wallonia., it was certified gold by the British Entertainment Agency (BEMA) for selling more than fifteen thousand... however, though it had not appeared for a week in the Italian chart (at number eight), it had been certified platinum by the Federation Italiana Musicale Italiana (Fimi) in 2014 for selling more than 30 000... In a chat with MTV News, a certain Mr. Mandler said that "Man" had to be "a strong story and visual" and that "fans should expect something dramatic and eloquent, dramatic and enlightening and enlightening. The video opens with a moment when the heroine, rihanna, shoots and kills a man while he is walking in a busy railway station. Then, at the 19th of June, the song reacheth the three-letter name in the Count of Flandre and the two-letter name in the French language. The song was certified gold by the British Entertainment Authority (BEMA) for selling more than fifteen thousand... however, although it has only lasted one week on the Italian chart (on the number 8,) it was certified platinum by the Federation Italiana Musicale Italiana in 2014 for selling more than 30 000... background and description... the song was awarded the gold mark of the Belgian Entertainment Authority (BEA) for selling more than 15 thousand... for the third week in a row, on the Italian charts (on page 88), it was certified gold by the British Entertainment Authority (BEMA) for selling more than fifteen thousand... although it has only appeared for one week on the Italian chart (on page 8,) it was certified platinum by the Federation Italiana Musicale Italiana in 2014 for selling more than 30 000... in a nightclub, the protagonist dances with another person, one of them by the name of Goer, who attacks her when she leaves the club. However, although it did not appear for a week on the Italian chart (in p. 8), it was certified platinum by the Federation Italiana Musicale Italiana (Fimi) in 2014 for selling more than 30 000... The video begins by the action of the heroine rihanna who shoots and kills a man in a noisy station, and in the evening, on the 19th of June, the song reached the number three in flanders and the number two in French in wallonia, and this song reached the number three in dutch in flanders and the number two in French in wallonia, and the song was certified gold by the British Entertainment Authority (BEA) for selling more than 15 thousand... however, although it had only been charted for one week in Italian (in flanders), it was certified platinum by the Federation Italian Musicale Italiana in 2014 for selling more than 30 000... the song was awarded the gold mark of the Belgian Entertainment Authority (BEA) for selling more than 15 thousand... the song was certified gold by the British Entertainment Authority (BEA) for selling more than 15 thousand... for the third week in a row, on the Italian Charts, on p. 88, it was certified gold by the British Entertainment Authority (BEMA) for selling more than fifteen thousand... however, it has only been sold for one week in the Italian Chart (page 8), it was certified platinum by the Federation Italian Musicale Italiana in 2014 for selling more than 30 000... she recalled rihanna’s interview with diane sawyer in a conversation aired on november 6, 2009, which had aired on november 6, 2009. Having remained silent about her quarrel with brown on the evening of the grammy party, in which Brown assaulted her, rihanna was finally willing to speak out. she said, recalled her encounter with diane sawyer during a conversation aired on november 6, 2009, which had been aired on november 6, 2009. The author recalled how rihanna's interview with diane sawyer had begun to be a case of'strangeness' and accused rihanna of "projecting a strong, strong black woman" in her style, rather than presenting her as a domestic violence victim in the united states, but in the world. Having spoken of her quarrel with brown on the evening of the "grammy party," in which Brown had beaten her, rihanna finally admonished him. She remembered her encounter with diane sawyer during a conversation on november 6, 2009, which had been broadcast on november 6, 2009. She recalled her experience with diane sawyer during a conversation on november 6, 2009, which had been broadcast on november 6, 2009. After she had spoken of her quarrel with brown, at the grammy party in which Brown had beaten her, rihanna had finally taken a stand. “After she had spoken of her quarrel with brown, on the evening of the "grammy," in which Brown had beaten her, rihanna had finally made up her mind to speak out. Eventually rihanna's songs and music videos began to elicit a controversy for their violent themes, which was attributed to the leaking of a photograph of the singers' faces "beaten" on the evening of the incident with tmz, which had circulated the internet without permission from rihanna.... [47]. [50]... [50] subsequently several of rihanna's songs and music videos had been made into controversy for their violent themes, which was attributed to the leaking of a photograph of the singers' face, "brought out" on the evening of the incident with tmz, which sounded, without rihanna's permission, on the internet. [51] The author recalled how rihanna’s interview with diane sawyer had begun to appear in the news as a “frightful” affair and accused rihanna of portraying herself as “a strong, strong black woman,” not as a domestic violence victim in the United States but as a “civil victim” in the world. She recalled her encounter with diane sawyer during a conversation on november 6, 2009, which was broadcast on november 6, 2009. She remembered her encounter with diane sawyer during a conversation on november 6, 2009, which had been broadcast on november 6, 2009. After she had spoken of her quarrel with brown on the evening of the grammy party, in which Brown had beaten her, rihanna had finally taken a stand. After she had spoken of her quarrel with brown, at the grammy party in which Brown had beaten her, rihanna had finally taken a stand. She recalled her encounter with diane sawyer during a conversation on november 6, 2009, which had been broadcast on november 6, 2009. The author recalled how rihanna's interview with diane sawyer had become a case of "poisonedness" and accused rihanna of "disguising a strong, strong black woman" in her style, rather than presenting her as a domestic violence victim in the united states, but in the world. Moreover, in the video for 'Man down,' rihanna appeared almost indecently in the role of a victim. She attributed the setting of the shooting the video to'massacres', since a gun was proliferating in the late 1990s of the jamaican dance hall 'as a way of expressing women's rage. , she recalled, recalling her encounter with diane sawyer during a conversation on november 6, 2009, which had been broadcast on november 6, 2009. Afterwards, several of rihanna's songs and music videos became a controversy, in consequence of the leak of a photograph of the singers' faces "beaten" on the evening of the incident with tmz, which circulated on the internet without rihanna's permission. The author recalled how rihanna's interview with diane sawyer had turned into a "strange" incident, and accused rihanna of portraying herself as a "strong, strong black woman" in her style, rather than presenting her as a domestic violence victim in the United States, but in the world. The author recalled how rihanna's interview with diane sawyer had begun to be "disgraceful" and accused rihanna of 'embellishing' her black woman, not as a domestic violence victim in the United States, but as a "civil victim" in the world. After she told him of her quarrel with brown, at the evening of the grammy, in which Brown had beaten her, rihanna had finally taken a stand. Moreover, the video for "Man" portrayed rihanna as a "black-haired" femme fatale, whereby she explained her motives for the murder, and enticed the audience to sympathize with her because she danced in a threatening way. She remembered her encounter with diane sawyer during a conversation on november 6, 2009, which was broadcast on november 6, 2009. ... for the manner of a man in a club, which hobson suggests is "something worthy of rape".... she continued to explain that rihanna was inviting the public to reflect on the concept of justice and a "heretical and lyrical gun"... “In the manner of a man in a club,” the writer of a poem by the name of chves, puts it, “as a matter of fact, a real-life rape.”... “By that token,” she continued, “rihanna was inviting the public to reflect on the concept of justice, and “heretical and lyrical gun.”.. But the artist said that if the video had been a lyric by chves lyric, the narrative would have been more graphic.” ... for the very purpose of a 'club,' as the poet's penned poem by chves puts it, 'in the spirit of a rape,' as she continues,'something in the spirit of a rape.'... " In the spirit of a rape,' says the poet, 'you rape in a club,' which is "a rape"... " Hence," she continues, 'Rihanna invites the public to contemplate the notion of justice and of a "heretical and lyrical gun. "... they disagreed with Rihanna's thesis, that the video has a "superficial message for girls" like Rihanna... " - The group disagreed with Rihanna's rationale for the story: that the video has "a very strong underlying message for girls," as rihanna... ... for the sake of the club,” as the poet’s poem, “in the spirit of a rape,” she went on, “for the sake of a rape,” she continued, “and in the spirit of a rape,” “in the spirit of a rape”... - "In the spirit of a rape," she says the poet, 'in the spirit of a rape”... “In the spirit of a rape,” she says the poet, “in the spirit of a rape”... - “in the spirit of a rape,” she says, “in the spirit of a rape”... - - Hence, - she continues, - rihanna invites the public to contemplate the idea of justice and a lyrical gun.... - " They disagreed with Rihanna's thesis, that the video has "a very strong underlying message for girls" as Rihanna... - she added that eminem and rihanna's video for "love in a club," as ctr. m. letras, "is a rape"... - she continued, 'I invite the public to contemplate the idea of justice and of a lyric,' she said, 'In the spirit of a rape", as the poet's poem, in a word, is a rape.... This explains why Rihanna invites the public to think about justice and a lyric... ” ”As a lyric,” she says the poet, “as a lyric”... “As a lyric,” she says the poet, “as a lyric”... “As a lyric,” she says the poet, “as a lyric”, as she says, “a lyric”... ”, “a lyric,” she says the poet, “a lyric”... but the artist said that if the video were a lyric, the narrative would have been more graphic. The sentimental and spiritual object of the video was “the way of a man in a club” as the poet spelt it, “a rape”... “The spirit of a rape,” she says the poet, “is a rape”... “in the spirit of a rape,” she continues, “that is a rape.” They agreed with Rihanna’s argument that the video “has a very strong underlying message for girls,” as Rihanna... ” she added that eminem and Rihanna’s video for “love in a rape,” as Ctr. M. Letras say, is a rape”... but the artist said that if the video had been a lyric by chves, the narrative would have been more graphic.” he recalled being a child in an era when artists like madonna would make controversial music videos, and he noted that today’s music videos do not make so many references to taboo subjects. In fact, in the modern era taboo topics are no longer taboo. Rihanna responded to the criticism of the Ptc on twitter and said that the parents should not expect her to do anything with their children and that “sensitive subjects” should not be hidden from them, otherwise they will not learn how to adapt in society, and that it is even more effective for children to speak of rape. he recalled having been a child in an era when artists like Madonna would make scandalous music videos. He observed that today’s music videos aren’t as frequent as the ones that were common in the past. “The music industry isn’t your mother’s business,” said Rihanna, “it’s our freedom to create art.” “The industry isn’t us, mother’s business,” the singer continued, “but it’s our freedom.” In a testimony for the bet, Rihanna explained why rape was used as the weapon of her story in the video, although the lyrics did not mention rape, “since if you want to give it an effect of a movie or a video, we need to go back to why it was done. ” Rihanna then proceeded to explain that “despite the fact that rape was the object of the song,” she said, “as a small feature, it was necessary to turn it into a mini-movie, and we needed to go back to why it happened. Rihanna responded to the criticism of the Ptc on Twitter, saying that parents should not expect her to do anything with their children, that "sensitive subjects" must not be hidden from them, otherwise they will not be able to adapt in society, and that it is even more effective for children to speak of rape. He also recalled being a child in an era when artists like Madonna made controversial music videos, and he said that nowadays music videos are not as frequent as they were in the past. In a testimony for the bet, Rihanna explained that "despite the fact that rape was the object of the song," she said, "as a little scene, it is necessary to turn it into a movie, and we have to go back to the purpose of it." Rihanna added that the character is remorseful for her actions. " The music industry is not your mother's business," said Rihanna, "it is our freedom to create art. " Rihanna continued, "The music industry is not your mother's business," and the singer went on, "but it is our freedom." Rihanna explained why rape was the subject of her story in the video, although the lyrics did not mention rape, "since if you want to make a film out of it, you have to go back to the purpose of it. he recalled being a child in an era when artists like Madonna made scandalous music videos. He said that today's music videos aren't as common as they were in the past. Rihanna, in a retort, explained why rape was the subject of her song, though the lyrics didn't mention rape, "because if you want to make it into a movie, you have to go back to the main idea. " Rihanna, in a testimony for the bet, explained why rape was the subject of her song, although the lyrics did not mention rape, "because if you want to make it into a movie, then you have to go back to the main idea." Rihanna responded to the critics on Twitter and said that parents should not expect her to do anything with their children, that "sensitive subjects" should not be hidden from them, otherwise they will not learn to adapt in society, and that it is even more effective for children to speak of rape. " The music industry is not your mother's business," said Rihanna, "it is our freedom to create art." he recalled being a child in an era when artists like Madonna made the "sudden" music videos, and said that these days music videos are no longer so frequent as they were in the past. " The music industry is not your mother's business," said Rihanna, "it is our freedom to create art. " During the interview, Rihanna explained why rape was the subject of her song, even though the lyrics did not mention rape, "since if you want to create a movie from it, you have to go back to the purpose." Rihanna then explained why rape was the subject of her song, though the lyrics did not mention rape, "since if you want to make a movie from it, you have to go back to the purpose." he remembered that he was a child in an era when artists like Madonna made silly music videos, and he noted that today’s music videos are not so popular as they were in the past. In a testimony for the testimony, Rihanna explained that, although the lyrics did not mention rap, “for the sake of a film, we must return to the purpose.” Rihanna explained that the song did not mention rap, but that “in order to make a movie out of it, we must return to the purpose of the original song.” In response to the critiques by the Ptc, Rihanna said that parents should not expect her to do anything with their children, that “sensitive subjects” must not be hidden from them, that otherwise they will not be able to adapt in society and that it is even more effective for children to speak of rape. “The music industry is not your mother’s business,” said Rihanna, “it is our freedom to create art.” He recalled being a child in an era when artists like Madonna made music videos, and he said that music videos are not as frequent as they were in the past. Rihanna answered the criticisms of the Ptc on Twitter, saying that parents shouldn’t expect her to do anything with their children, that “sensitive subjects” shouldn’t be hidden from them, otherwise they wouldn’t be able to adapt in society, and that it is even more effective for children to speak about rape. The Ptc, in response to the criticisms on Twitter, said that parents shouldn’t expect her to do anything with their children, that “sensitive subjects” should not be hidden from them, otherwise they won’t learn how to adapt in society, and that it is even more effective for children to talk about rape. In the testimony for the bet, Rihanna explained that although rape was the subject of the song, “it was a little scene,” it was necessary to turn it into a movie, and we must go back to the subject.” “The music industry isn’t your mother’s business,” she added, “it’s our freedom.” he recalled that he was a child in an era when artists like Madonna used to make silly music videos and he said that today's music videos are not as popular as they were in the past. Rihanna then explained why rape was the subject of her song, though the lyrics did not mention rape, “because if you want to make a film of it, you have to go back to the original idea.” In a testimony for the bet, Rihanna explained why rape was the subject of her song, although the lyrics did not mention rape, “because if you want to make a movie of it, then you have to go back to the original idea.” In the testimony for the bet, Rihanna explained why rape was the subject of her song, although the lyrics did not mention rape, “because if you want to make a movie of it, then you have to go back to the original idea.” He recalled being a child in an era when artists like Madonna made music videos, and said that music videos nowadays are not as popular as they were in the past. He recalled being a child in an era when artists like Madonna made music videos, and said that music videos are not as popular as they were in the past. Rihanna, in a testimony for the bet, explained that although the lyrics did not mention rape, “it is necessary to turn it into a movie, and then we must turn it into a movie, then we must turn it into a movie.” Rihanna, in a testimony for the bet, explained that rape was the subject of her song, though the lyrics did not mention rape, “because if you want to make a movie out of it, you have to go back to the purpose.” Rihanna, in response to the criticisms on Twitter, said that parents should not expect her to do anything with their children, that "sensitive subjects" should not be hidden from them, that otherwise they would not be able to adapt in society, and that it is even more effective for children to talk about rape. During the examination, Rihanna said why rape was the subject of her song, despite the lyrics of which the song did not mention rape, "because if ” in reply to the comments she had been struck by the “doubting lack of imagination” of the production team for the set she was in during rihanna’s performance.... She was “amazing”, she wrote that she could not understand why a smock was in the middle of the stage. “’ she had said in response to a comment she had made that she had been struck by the “doubting lack of imagination” of the production team for the set she had been in during Rihanna’s performance... - “Man down” was performed as the fourth song of the loud tour, following its opener, “Only girl (in the world) ”, “Beat!” and “Death of the night”... - instead of reducing the momentum which had accumulated so far, the red light of the stage were playing the ominous tone of the song, and gradually increased the tempo so that the end of the song could sound like an incantation... ” - - maza noted that the tempo of the song "should" have slowed down the momentum she had accumulated up to that time, but instead it was an ideal marriage of production and performance. “In the face of a stage rehearsal of a young woman, as the first song of the general tour, it was the fourth song in the loud tour, after the opening song, “The Only Girl in the World”, “The Beat!” and “Death in the Darkness.” ” she had said in reply to the comment that she had been struck by the “doubting lack of imagination” of the staging crew for the show she was in during Rihanna’s performance. She said that she could not understand why the gown stood in the middle of the stage. “Man down” was the fourth song of the loud tour, after the openers “The Only Girl in the World,” “Beat!” and “Death in the Darkness”... Instead of losing the momentum she had been accumulating, the red light of the stage played the ominous tone of the song, gradually increasing the tempo so that the end of the song was like an incantation.... ” - The manager, james lachno, promoted the caribbean-themed section as the highlight of the show... She was "amazing", she wrote that she could not understand why a smock stood in the middle of the stage. "The director, james lachno, promoted the caribbean section as the finale of the performance. She said that she could not understand why the dress was in the middle of the stage. " In the midst of the rehearsal of a young woman, as the first song of the general tour, it was the fourth song of the "best" tour, after the first song "only" in the world, "Beat!" and "Death in the dark"... "The third song of the "best" tour, after the first song "only" in the world, "Beat!" and "Death in the dark." - she said in answer to the comment that she had been struck by the "doubting" of the staging team for the stage that she was in during Rihanna's performance. "Then, he said, the red light on the stage "brings out the ominous tone" and gradually raises the tempo so that the end of the song sounds like a singing incantation" - maza said that the tempo of the song "should" have slowed down the momentum which had been generated so far, but it was a perfect marriage of production and performance. " The manager, james lachno, promoted the Caribbean section as a special treat of the show. the manager, james lachno, had been promoted to the Caribbean section of the performance as the main event. " In the midst of a young woman's rehearsal, as the first song of the tour, it was the fourth song of the best tour, after the first song of the "only" in the world, "The Beat!" and "Death in the Dark"... “The third song of the "best" tour, after the first song of the "only" in the world, "The Beat!" and "Death in the Dark"... “Man down" was performed as the fourth song of the tour, after the openers, "The Only Girl in the world", "The Beat!" and "Death in the Dark"... Instead of losing the momentum, the red light of the stage played the ominous tone of the song, gradually increasing the tempo so that the song ended like an incantation... - - she wrote that she could not understand why the dress was in the middle of the stage. She said that she could not understand why the dress was in the middle of the stage. The director, james lachno, promoted the Caribbean section as a special treat of the show. " The third song of the best tour, after the first song "only" in the world, "beat" and "death in the dark", she said in answer to the comment that she had "doubted" the stage of the show in which she was during Rihanna's performance. " Then," he said, the red light of the stage "brings out the ominous tone", gradually increases the tempo so that the end of the song sounds like an incantation." "Then," he said, the red light on the stage "brings out the ominous tone" and gradually increases the tempo so that the end of the song is like an incantation" - maza said that the tempo of the song "should" have slowed down the momentum since the beginning, but it is a perfect marriage of production and performance." The director, james lachno, promoted the Caribbean section as a special treat. "Man-down" was the fourth song of the "best" tour, after the first song "only" in the world, "beat!" and "death in the dark"... “The third song of the "best" tour, after the first song "only" in the world, "beat" and "death in the dark"... “Man-down" was performed as the fourth song of the "best" tour, after the first song "only" in the world, "beat!" and "death in the dark"......, instead of losing momentum, the red light of the stage plays the ominous tone of the song, gradually increases the tempo, so that the end of the song is like an incantation... " - she wrote that she could not understand why the dress was in the middle of the stage. - " In the midst of a young woman's rehearsal, as the first song of the general tour, it was the fourth song of the best tour, after the first song of the "only" in the world, "beat" and "death in the dark" - "the third song of the best tour, after the first song of the "only" in the world, "beat" and "death in the dark" - "nothing", she said, "not sure" of the stage that she was in during Rihanna's performance. "Then," he said, the red light of the stage "brings out the ominous tone", slowly increases the tempo so that the song ends like an incantation" - "but the guardian jack thought it was all gloomy, and called it a "permanent rihanna " - he said, "This is a good "detour" and "you don't care about the price," -