 st. peulan’s church, llanbeulan is a church of disuse in llanbeulan, in Anglesey, North Wales. The nave, which is the oldest part of the church, dates from the 12th century, with a chancel and a chapel added in the 14th century. Its font, probably from the 11th century, is of an early date and probably dates from the first half of the 11th century; one historian has said that it was originally used as an altar, and that, “like an altar of the pre-Norman period, it is an extraordinary survivor in wales and indeed in England.” The church of St. Catherine, Lanbeulan, is a church of the wretched, in Lanbeulan, in Anglesey, North Wales, with a nave which dates from the 12th century, with a chancel and a chapel added in the 14th. The font, probably from the 11th century, is early and probably dates from the first half of the 11th century; one historian has said that it was originally used as an altar, and that, like an altar of the pre-Norman period, it is an extraordinary survivor in Wales and in England. The date of the foundation of the church in llanbeulan is unknown, although it is said that a church was built on this site in 630 by St. Peter... The church of Saint-Catherine, Lanbeulan, is a parish church, a poor, in Lanbeulan, in Anglesey, North Wales, with a nave which dates from the 12th century, and a chancel and a chapel added in the 14th. The nave, which is the oldest part of the church, dates from the 12th century, with a chancel and a chapel added in the 14th century. Its font, probably from the 11th century, is early, probably from the first half of the 11th century; a historian has said that it was originally used as an altar, and that, like an altar of the pre-Norman period, it is an extraordinary survivor in Wales and England. The date of the foundation of the church in llanbeulan is unknown, although it is said that a church was built in this site in 630 by St. Peter.... he was a disciple of the Aroundus St. Cybi..... The church of Saint-Catherine, Lanbeulan, is a parish church, poor, in Lanbeulan, in Anglesey, North Wales, with a nave which dates from the 12th century, and a chancel and a chapel added in the 14th. The church of Saint-Catherine, Lanbeulan, is a poor church in Lanbeulan, in Anglesey, North Wales, with a nave which dates from the 12th century, and a chancel and a chapel added in the 14th. Its font, probably from the 11th century, is early and probably from the first half of the 11th century; a historian has said that it was originally used as an altar and that like an altar of the pre-Norman period it is an extraordinary survivor in Wales and in England. The church of St. Catherine, Lanbeulan, is a poor church in Lanbeulan, in Anglesey, North Wales, with a nave which dates from the 12th century and a chancel and a chapel added in the 14th. The church of St. Louis, Lanbeulan, is a parish church in the poor, in Lanbeulan, in Anglesey, North Wales, with a nave of the 12th century, with a chancel and a chapel added in the 14th. The font of the 11th century is early, probably from the first half of the 11th century; a historian has said that it was used as an altar and that, like an altar of the pre-Norman period, it is an extraordinary survivor in Wales and England. The date of the foundation of the church in llanbeulan is unknown, although it is said that a church was built on this spot in 630 by Saint-Peter. The date of the foundation of the church in llanbeulan is unknown, although it is said that a church was built on this site in 630 by Saint-Peter... he was a disciple of the St. Cybi.... The church of Saint Catherine, Lanbeulan, is a poor church in Lanbeulan, in Anglesey, North Wales, with a nave which dates from the 12th century and a chancel and a chapel added in the 14th. The church of Saint Catherine, Lanbeulan, is a poor church in Lanbeulan, in Anglesey, North Wales, with a nave that dates from the 12th century and a chancel and a chapel added in the 14th. The church of Saint Catherine, Lanbeulan, is a poor church in Lanbeulan, in Anglesey, North Wales, with a nave that dates from the 12th century and a chancel and a chapel added in the 14th. The church of Saint Catherine, Lanbeulan, is a poor church in Lanbeulan, in Anglesey, North Wales, with a nave of the 12th century, and a chancel and a chapel added in the 14th. The church of Saint Catherine, Lanbeulan, is a poor church in Lanbeulan, in Anglesey, North Wales, with a nave which dates from the 12th century and a chancel and a chapel added in the 14th. The church of Saint Catherine, Lanbeulan, is a poor church in Lanbeulan, in Anglesey, North Wales, with a nave of the 12th century, and a chancel and a chapel added in the 14th. The font of the 11th century is early, probably from the first half of the 11th century; the historian says that it was originally used as an altar, and that, like an altar of the pre-Norman period, it is an extraordinary survivor in Wales and England. The date of the foundation of the church in llanbeulan is unknown, although it is said that a church was built in this place in 630 by Saint Peter... he was a disciple of the aroundus Saint Cybi... This is in a poor part of the country in rural anglesey, about 1 in.... 75 miles (At... This is a small rural parish of anglesey, about one in... 75 miles (At...) south of the village of gwalchmai, and about three kilometres (1.5 m) south of bryngwran. This is a small village of anglesey, one in 75 miles (At...) south of the village of gwalchmai and about three miles (1.5 m) south of bryngwran. This is a poor part of the country in the valley of anglesey, one in... 75 miles (At...) from the village of gwalchmai and about three kilometres (1.5 m) south of bryngwran. This is a poor district in rural Anglesey, one in... 75 miles (at...) south of the village of Gwalchmai and three miles (1.5 m) south of bryngwran. This is a small rural parish in Anglesey, one in... 75 miles (at...) south of the village of Gwalchmai and about three miles (1.5 m) south of Bryngwran. This is a poor district in the valley of Anglesey, one in... 75 miles (at...) south of the village of Gwalchmai and about three miles (1.5 m) south of bryngwran. The chancel is 15 feet 6 inches by 11 feet (8 cm)... It is in a poor part of the country in rural Anglesey, about 1 in... 75 miles (at...) from the village of Gwalchmai and about 3 miles (1.5 m) from bryngwran. This is a poor part of the country in rural Anglesey, about 1 in... 75 miles (at... ) from the village of Gwalchmai and about 3 miles (1.5 m) from bryngwran. This is a poor part of the country in rural Anglesey, about 1 in... 75 miles (at... from the village of gwalchmai and about 3 miles (1.5 m) from bryngwran. This is a poor part of the country in rural Anglesey, about 1 in... 75 miles (at... from the village of gwalchmai and about 3 miles (1.5 m) from bryngwran. The church is 15 feet 6 inches by 11 feet (8 cm)... @ 6 m... @ 9 m... It is a poor district in rural Anglesey, one in... 75 miles (at) from the village of Gwalchmai and three miles (1.5 m) from bryngwran. It is a poor district in rural Anglesey, one in... 75 miles (at) from the village of Gwalchmai and three miles (1.5 m) from bryngwran. This is a poor district in rural Anglesey, one in... 75 miles (at) from the village of Gwalchmai and three miles (1.5 m) from bryngwran. It is a poor part of the country in rural Anglesey, one in... 75 miles (at) from the village of Gwalchmai and three miles (1.5 m) from bryngwran. This is a poor part of the country in rural Anglesey, about one in... 75 miles (at) from the village of Gwalchmai and about three miles (1.5 m) from bryngwran. The church is 15 feet 6 inches by 11 inches (8.5 cm). The west end has a gabled bell-box with one bell; crosses of iron are lowered on the roofs of the chancel and south chapel. The church has a roof made of slate with copings of stone... It is a poor part of the country in rural Anglesey, one in... 75 miles (at) from the village of Gwalchmai and about three miles (1.5 m) from bryngwran. This is a poor part of the country in rural Anglesey, about one in... 75 miles (at) from the village of Gwalchmai and about three miles (1.5 m) from bryngwran. This is a poor part of the country in rural Anglesey, about 1 in... 75 miles (at) from the village of Gwalchmai and about 3 miles (1.5m) from bryngwran. It is a poor part of the country in rural Anglesey, about 1 in... 75 miles (at) from the village of Gwalchmai and about 3 miles (1.5m) from bryngwran. This is a poor part of the country in rural Anglesey, about 1 in... 75 miles (at) from the village of Gwalchmai and about 3 miles (1.5m) from bryngwran. It is a poor part of the country in rural Anglesey, about 1 in... 75 miles (at) from the village of Gwalchmai and about 3 miles (1.5m) from bryngwran. It is a poor part of the country in rural Anglesey, about 1 in... 75 miles (at) from the village of Gwalchmai and about 3 miles (1.5m) from bryngwran. The chancel is 15 feet 6 inches by 11 inches (8 cm). The south side has a gabled bell-box with one bell; cross-pieces of iron are put down on the roofs of the chancel and the south-side chapel; the roof is made of slate with copings of stone... This is a poor district in rural Anglesey, one in... 75 miles (at) from the village of Gwalchmai and three miles (1.5m) from bryngwran. This is a poor district in rural Anglesey, one in... 75 miles (at) from the village of Gwalchmai and three miles (1.5m) from bryngwran. The church is 15 feet 6 inches by 11 feet (8 cm). The south side has a gabled bell-box with one bell; and the cross of iron are lowered on the roof of the church and the south-side chapel. The church is of slate with copings of stone... It is a poor district in rural Anglesey, one in... 75 miles (at) from the village of Gwalchmai and three miles (at) from bryngwran. It is a poor district in rural Anglesey, one in... 75 miles (at) from the village of Gwalchmai and three miles (at) from bryngwran. It is a poor district in rural Anglesey, one in... 75 miles (at) from the village of Gwalchmai and three miles (at) from bryngwran. This is a poor part of the country in rural Anglesey, one in... 75 miles (at) from the village of Gwalchmai and three miles (at) from bryngwran. This is a poor part of the country in rural Anglesey, one in... 75 miles (at) from the village of Gwalchmai and three miles (at) from bryngwran. This is a poor part of the country in rural Anglesey, one in... 75 miles (at) from the village of Gwalchmai and three miles (at) from bryngwran. The church is 15 feet 6 inches by 11 inches (8 cm), the south side has a gabled bell, the cross-pieces of iron are placed on the roofs of the church and the south side chapel, the church has a roof of slate with copings of stone... This is a poor part of the country in rural Anglesey, one in... 75 miles (at) from the village of Gwalchmai and three miles (1.5m) from bryngwran. It is a poor part of the country in rural Anglesey, one in... 75 miles (at) from the village of Gwalchmai and three miles (1.5m) from bryngwran. The church is 15 feet 6 inches by 11 inches (8.5 cm). The west side has a gabled bell with a bell; crosspieces of iron are lowered on the roofs of the nave and the south-shop. It is a poor part of the country in rural Anglesey, one in... 75 miles (at) from the village of Gwalchmai and three miles (at) from bryngwran. This is a poor part of the country in rural Anglesey, one in... 75 miles (at) from the village of Gwalchmai and three miles (at) from bryngwran. It is a poor part of the country in rural Anglesey, one in... 75 miles (at) from the village of Gwalchmai and three miles (at) from bryngwran. This is a poor part of the country in rural Anglesey, one in... 75 miles (at) from the village of Gwalchmai and three miles (at) from bryngwran. This is a poor part of the country in rural Anglesey, one in... 75 miles (at) from the village of Gwalchmai and three miles (at) from bryngwran. It is a poor part of the country in rural Anglesey, one in... 75 miles (at) from the village of Gwalchmai and three miles (at) from bryngwran. The church is 15 feet 6 inches by 11 inches (8 cm). The south side has a bell with a bell; the cross is lowered on the roofs of the church and the south side chapel. The church is built of slate with copings... a poor part of the country in rural Anglesey, one in... 75 miles (at) from the village of Gwalchmai and three miles (at) from bryngwran. It is a poor part of the country in rural Anglesey, one in... 75 miles (at) from the village of Gwalchmai and three miles (at) from bryngwran. The church is 15 feet 6 inches by 11 inches (8.5 cm) The nave is crossblocked, and the church has a window which dates from the 17th century (between the nave and the nave), the church has a window which dates from the 17th century (in the chapel) and the 19th century (in the nave). It is a poor part of the country in rural Anglesey, one in... One of the nave benches, on the right, bears an inscribed wooden panel, dated 1664, confirming that it was the seat of William bold of Treyrdol. The church’s 19th-century pewter-rail and pulpit are very well-kept, and the church’s 19th-century fittings, such as the pulpit and the altar-rail, are clear. One of the nave benches, on the right, has a panel of inscribed wood, dated 1664, which confirms that it was William bold of Treyrdol. The church’s 19th-century pewter railing and pulpit are very well kept, and its 19th-century fittings, like the pulpit and the altar-rail, are clear. The most prominent feature of the church is its font, which dates from the late 12th century, or perhaps even the first half of the 11th century... One of the benches, on the right, has an inscribed wood panel, dated 1664, confirming that it was William Bold of Treyrdol. The church’s pewter beam and pulpit are very well kept, and the church’s old fittings, such as the pulpit and the altar rail, are clear. The church’s inscribed wood panel, dated 1664, confirms that it was William Bold of Treyrdol’s seat. The church’s most prominent feature is its font, which dates from the late 12th century, or perhaps from the first half of the 11th century... ‘ One of the nave benches, on the right, has an inscribed wood panel, dated 1664, which confirms that it was William Bold of Treyrdol. The church’s pewter railing and pulpit are very well preserved, and its old fittings, such as the pulpit and the railing, are clear. The church’s most important feature is its font, which dates from the late 12th century, or perhaps even from the first half of the 11th century... One of the benches on the right has an inscribed wood panel, dated 1664, which confirms that it was William Bold of Treyrdol. The church’s pewter beam and pulpit are very well kept, and its old fittings, such as the pulpit and the railing, are clear. One of the benches, on the right, has an inscribed wooden panel, dated 1664, which confirms that it was William Bold of Treyrdol. One of the longer sides has a cross with four arms of equal length pinned on a ring, and at the bottom there are two small hemispheres, forming a circle, some plain, others decorated with chevrons or twisted ropes... It has been said that the hemispheres are bee skeps. The church’s pewter pewter pewter pewter grating and pulpit are very well preserved, and the church’s old fittings, such as the pulpit and the altar railing, are clear. The church’s pewter pewter pewter pewter pewter and pulpit are very well preserved, and its old fittings, such as the pulpit and the altar railing, are clear. The church’s most important feature is its font, which dates from the late 12th century, or perhaps from the early 11th century. The church’s pewter railing and pulpit are very well preserved, and its old fittings, such as the pulpit and the altar railing, are clear. One of the benches on the right has an inscribed wooden panel, dated 1664, which confirms that it is William Bold of Treyrdol. One of the benches on the right has an inscribed wooden panel, dated 1664, which confirms that it is William Bold of Treyrdol. The church’s most important feature is its font, which dates from the late 12th century, or perhaps from the first half of the 11th century... The church’s pewter railing and pulpit are very well kept, and its old fittings, such as the pulpit and the pewter, are clear. The font is unique, according to Petts, and it is ‘unlikely’ to have the plain side of the font carved on it, or perhaps because the font was installed in the church after its construction. One of the benches on the right has an inscribed wood panel dated 1664, confirms that it is William Bold of Treyrdol. The church’s pewter railing and pulpit are very well preserved, and the old fittings, such as the pulpit and the railing, are clear. The church’s pewter railing and pulpit are very well preserved, and the old fittings, such as the pulpit and the railing, are clear. The church’s pewter railing and pulpit are very well preserved, and the old fittings, such as the pulpit and the railing, are clear. One of the benches on the right has an inscribed wood panel, dated 1664, which confirms that it is William Bold of Treyrdol. One of the benches on the right has an inscribed wood panel, dated 1664, which confirms that it is William Bold of Treyrdol. One of the benches on the right has an inscribed wood panel, dated 1664, which confirms that it is William Bold of Treyrdol. The church’s most important feature is its font, which dates from the late 12th century, or perhaps from the first half of the 11th century. The church’s pewter pewter pewter pewter pewter pewter and pulpit are very well preserved, and its old fittings, such as the pulpit and the altar railing, are clear. Petts considers this ‘possible’, suggesting that it might originally have been a reliquary. One of the benches on the right has an inscribed wooden panel, dated 1664, which confirms that it is William Bold of Treyrdol. The church’s most important feature is its font, which dates from the late 12th century, or perhaps from the early 11th century... The church’s pewter railing and pulpit are very well kept, and its old fittings, such as the pulpit and the railing, are clear. The church’s pewter railing and pulpit are very well kept, and its old fittings, such as the pulpit and the railing, are clear. The church’s pewter railing and pulpit are very well kept, and the church’s old fixtures, like the pulpit and the railing, are clear. The church’s pewter railing and pulpit are very well kept, and the church’s old fixtures, like the pulpit and the railing, are clear. One of the benches on the right has an inscribed wood panel, dated 1664, which confirms that it is William Bold of Treyrdol. One of the benches on the right has an inscribed wood panel, dated 1664, which confirms that it is William Bold of Treyrdol. The church’s pewter railing and pulpit are very well preserved, and its old fittings, such as the pulpit and the railing, are clear. The church’s most important feature is its font, which dates from the late 12th century, or perhaps from the first half of the 11th century... The church’s pewter railing and pulpit are very well preserved, and its old fittings, such as the pulpit and the railing, are clear. One of the benches on the right has an inscribed wood panel, dated 1664, which confirms that it is William Bold. The church’s pewter railing and pulpit are very well preserved, and its old fittings, such as the pulpit and the railing, are clear. The church’s pewter railing and pulpit are very well preserved, and its old fittings, such as the pulpit and the railing, are clear. The church’s most important feature is its font, which dates from the late 12th century, or perhaps from the first half of the 11th century... One of the benches on the right has an inscribed wood panel, dated 1664, confirms that it is William Bold of Treyrdol. Petts believes this ‘possible’, as he suggests that it was originally a reliquary. The font is unique, and “never” has the plain side of the font carved into it, or perhaps because it was installed in the church after it was built. One of the benches on the right has an inscribed wood panel, dated 1664, confirms that it is William Bold of Tre The church is a 'house of records', which is the second highest (of three) if it has "any particularly important building, not of special interest. " ',' said the inspector. ' "The church is a "house of records," which is the second highest of three if it has "any significant building that is of particular interest." The surveyor was in the 19th century and said that the church was "small and rude," but that it had "a few curious features", such as the font, which made it "hilarious." "The parish church is a 'house of record' (a status reserved for the state government and responsible for the history of Wales) : "it is of the anglesey type," where the restoration of the 19th century by the 19th century had "sudden simplicity of design and construction" and the medieval character of the church. " "The antiquarian Angharad llwyd, writing in 1833, described it as a little cruciform building in a small valley, and the south porch reflects the very great antiquity of the church. " "" The surveyor was from the 19th century and said the church was small and rude, but that it had "a few peculiar features," such as the font, which made it "haunting." “The church is a 'house of records,' which is the second highest (of three) if it has 'any significant building which is of particular interest.” “The church is a 'house of records',” he said, “which is the second highest (of three) if it has ‘any significant building of particular interest.” The ex-anarchist, Angharad Ldd, wrote in 1833 that it was a small cruciform church in a small valley, and the south porch is very dated. “An antiquarian Angharad Ldd wrote in 1833 that it was a small, cruciform church in a small valley, and the southern porch is a very antiquity building.”