 At the moment, the uk police forces are divided into two or three officers, who are deployed by the uk police to gather intelligence, and, in some cases, to disrupt and stop certain 'anti-social' behavior. The police are a group of two or three officers, who are employed by the uk police forces to collect information on the ground, disrupt activists and prevent anti-social behaviour... an unsuccessful legal challenge has been made against their overt surveillance, but in 2009 the court of appeal ruled that it was necessary to justify the retention of photographs on a case by case basis... The police are a group of two or three officers who are employed by the uk police force to gather information and, in certain cases, to arrest and prevent certain antisocial actions. At present the uk police force comprises two or three officers, who are engaged by the uk police force to gather information and in certain cases to prevent or disrupt certain ‘antisocial’ behaviour. The newspapers have complained that fits are trying to prevent them from photographing protests and that they’re monitoring journalists. The police are a group of two or three officers who are employed by the police to gather information and, in some cases, to arrest and prevent certain antisocial behaviour. At present, the police are composed of two or three officers who are engaged by the police to collect information and, in some cases, to prevent and prevent certain "antisocial" behaviour. The newspapers complained that fits prevent them from taking pictures of protests, and that they are monitoring journalists. At present, the police are composed of two or three officers who are engaged by the police to collect information and, in certain cases, to prevent or prevent certain antisocial behaviour. The police are a group of two or three officers, who are employed by the police to collect information and in certain cases to arrest or prevent certain "antisocial" behaviour. The police are a group of two or three officers, who are deployed by the uk police to collect information, and in certain cases to prevent or prevent certain ‘antisocial’ behaviour. The police are a group of two or three officers, who are employed by the uk police to gather information and, in certain cases, to prevent or stop certain ‘antisocial’ behaviour. The newspapers have complained that fits prevent them from taking pictures of protests and that they are examining journalists. At present, the uk police force comprises two or three officers, who are employed by the uk police to collect information and in some cases to prevent or stop certain ‘antisocial’ behaviour. In the beginning, they aimed at football fans, saboteurs and political protesters (since at least 1996) and in the early 1990s they targeted football fans, saboteurs and political protesters, and they would use cameras, camcorders and audio-recorders to take overt surveillance of the public. The uk police force comprises two or three officers, who are employed by the uk police to collect information and, in some cases, to prevent or stop certain ‘antisocial’ behaviour. The uk police force is composed of two or three officers who are employed by the police to gather information and, in some cases, to prevent or prevent certain ‘antisocial’ behaviour. In the beginning of the 1990s, when the first panic attacks had taken place, they had targeted the football fans, the hunter’s saboteurs and the political protesters (since at least 1996) In the beginning of the 1990s, when the first panic attacks took place, they had targeted football fans, saboteurs and political protesters, and they used cameras, camcorders and audio recorders to keep a watch on the public. The police are a group of two or three officers, who are employed by the police to gather information and in certain cases to prevent or stop certain antisocial behavior. The police are a group of two or three officers, who are employed by the police to collect information and, in some cases, to prevent or stop certain antisocial behaviour. At present, the police are composed of two or three officers, who are employed by the police to gather information and, in some cases, to prevent or stop certain antisocial behaviour. The police are a group of two or three officers, who are employed by the police to gather information and in some cases to prevent or stop certain antisocial behaviour. The newspapers have complained that fits prevent them from taking pictures of protests and that they are watching journalists. The police are a group of two or three officers, who are employed by the police to gather information and in some cases to prevent or stop certain antisocial behaviour. At first they aimed at football fans, saboteurs and political protesters (since at least 1996) and in the early 1990s they targeted football fans, saboteurs and political protesters and used cameras, camcorders and audio-recorders to keep an eye on the public. The police are two or three officers, which are employed by the police to gather information and in some cases to prevent or stop certain antisocial behaviour. The police are a group of two or three officers, which are employed by the police to collect information and, in certain cases, to prevent or stop certain antisocial behaviour. The police are a group of two or three officers, who are employed by the police to collect information and in some cases to prevent or stop certain antisocial behaviour. The police are a group of two or three officers, who are employed by the police to gather information and, in some cases, to prevent or stop certain antisocial behaviour. At present the police are composed of two or three officers, who are employed by the police to collect information and in some cases to prevent or stop certain antisocial behaviour. The newspapers complained that fits prevent them from taking pictures of protests and monitoring journalists. The newspapers complained that fits prevented them from taking pictures of protests and watching journalists. The police are a group of two or three officers, who are employed by the police to collect information and in some cases to prevent or stop certain antisocial behaviour. At first, they targeted football fans, saboteurs and political protesters, and used cameras, camcorders and audio recorders to watch the public. In the beginning of the 1990s, when the first panic attacks took place, they targeted football fans, saboteurs and political protesters, and used cameras, camcorders and audio records to watch the public. The police are a group of two or three officers, who are employed by the police to gather information and in some cases to prevent or stop certain antisocial behaviour. The police are a group of two or three officers, which are employed by the police to collect information and in some cases to prevent or stop certain antisocial behaviour. The police are two or three officers, which are employed by the police to gather information and in some cases to prevent or stop certain antisocial behaviour. The newspapers complained that fits prevented them from taking pictures of protests and that they were watching journalists. The newspapers complained that fits prevented them from taking pictures of protests and that they were watching journalists. The police are a group of two or three officers, who are employed by the police to gather information and in some cases to prevent or stop certain antisocial behavior. At the moment, the police are composed of two or three officers, who are employed by the police to collect information and in some cases to prevent or stop certain antisocial behavior. The police are a group of two or three officers, who are employed by the police to collect information and in some cases to prevent or stop certain antisocial behaviour. The newspapers have complained that fits prevent them from taking pictures of protests and that they are watching journalists. The newspapers complained that fits prevent them from taking pictures of protests and that they are watching journalists. The police are a group of two or three officers, who are employed by the police to gather information and in some cases to prevent or stop certain antisocial behaviour. The police are a group of two or three officers, which are employed by the police to collect information and in some cases to prevent or stop certain antisocial behaviour. The police are a group of two or three officers, which are employed by the police to collect information and in some cases to prevent or stop certain antisocial behaviour. The police are a group of two or three officers, who are employed by the police to collect information and in some cases to prevent or stop certain antisocial behaviour. At the beginning of the 1990s, when the first panic attacks took place, they targeted football fans, saboteurs and political protesters, and they used cameras, camcorders and audio recorders to keep an eye on the public. At the beginning of the 1990s, when the first panic attacks took place, they targeted football fans, saboteurs and political protesters, and used cameras, camcorders and audio recorders to keep an eye on the public. The police are two or three officers, who are employed by the police to collect information and in some cases to prevent or stop certain antisocial behaviour. The police are two or three officers, which are employed by the police to gather information and in some cases to prevent or stop certain antisocial behaviour. The police are two or three officers, which are employed by the police to gather information and in some cases to prevent or stop certain antisocial behaviour. At the beginning of the 1990s, when the first panic attacks were staged, they targeted football fans, saboteurs and political protesters, and they used camera, camcord “In laindon, essex, the ministry told me, “Spy on the youth. Operation leopard is exactly the kind of rigorous policing which can bring persistent offenders to their senses.” ‘In laindon, essex,’ the minister told me, ‘Spy on the youth. Operation Leopard is exactly the kind of strict police work which can bring the most stubborn criminals to their senses.’ The ministry told me that they were secretly monitoring the youth. The police debriefing on their operation at the 2008 climate camp in London praised the fits at the event for putting off the activists. /sent> In laindon, essex, the minister said, 'Spy on the youth. Operation Leopard is exactly the kind of rigorous police work which can bring the most stubborn criminals to their senses.' The ministry said they secretly monitored the youth. In London, essex, the minister said, 'Spy on the youth. Operation Leopard is the kind of rigorous policing that can bring the most obstinate criminals to their senses.' The police debriefing at the 2008 Climate Camp in London praised the fits for delaying the activists. The government said that the police were secretly watching the youth. In october 2010 uniformed police officers were seen by a photographer at a protest against the evasion of tax for companies, despite general bob broadhurst telling a parliamentary committee in may that only uniformed officers, identifiable by their blue and yellow jackets, were involved in gathering information at the protests. In laindon, essex, the minister said, 'Spy on the youth, Operation Leopard is exactly the kind of strict policing that can bring the most stubborn criminals to their senses'. The minister told me that they were secretly watching the youth. In London, essex, the minister said, 'Spy on the youth, Operation Leopard is the kind of strict policing that can bring the most stubborn criminals to their senses'. In october 2010, uniformed police officers were seen by a photographer at a protest against the taxation of monopolies, despite the general bob broadhurst telling a parliamentary committee in may that only uniformed police officers, identified by their blue and yellow jackets, were involved in the arrest of the protesters. In May, the court of appeal ruled that photographs taken by fits of people who did not commit a crime can no longer be kept. The ministry said that they were secretly monitoring the youth. In London, essex, the minister said: “Spy on the youth, Operation Leopard is the kind of rigorous police work that can bring the most stubborn criminals to their senses.” “In laindon, essex,” the minister said, “Spy on youth, Operation Leopard is the kind of rigorous policing which can bring the most stubborn criminals to their senses.” “In laindon, essex,” the minister said, “Spy on youth, Operation Leopard is the kind of rigorous policing which can bring the most stubborn criminals to their senses.” The minister said they were secretly watching the youth. In october 2010 uniformed police officers were seen by a photographer at a protest against the evasion of the tax on the monopolies, despite the general bob broadhurst telling a parliamentary committee in may that only uniformed police officers, identified by their blue and yellow jackets, were involved in the arrest of the protesters. The minister said they were secretly watching the youth. In october 2010, uniformed police officers were seen by a photographer at a protest against the evasion of the tax on the monopolies, despite the general bob broadhurst telling a parliamentary committee in may that only uniformed police officers, identified by their blue and yellow jackets, were involved in the arrest of the protesters. The Minister of Justice said that the police were secretly watching the youth. In London, essex, the minister said, spying on the youth, operation leopard is the kind of strict police work that can bring the most stubborn criminals to their senses. In May the Court of Justice ruled that photographs taken by fits of people who did not commit a crime cannot be kept. The Minister of Justice said that the police were secretly watching the youth. In the 2008 Climate Camp in London, the organisers of the first walkabout praised the commotion for delay. In october 2010 uniformed police officers were seen by a photographer at a protest against the taxation of monopolies, despite the general bob broadhurst telling a parliamentary committee in may that only uniformed police officers, identified by their blue and yellow smocks, were involved in the arrest of the protesters. The minister told me that they were secretly watching the youth. In october 2010, uniformed police officers were seen by a photographer at a protest against the evasion of the taxation of monopolies, despite the general bob broadhurst telling a parliamentary committee in may that only uniformed police officers, identified by their yellow and blue jackets, were involved in the arrest of the protesters. In London, essex, the minister said: spy on the youth, Operation Leopard is the kind of strict policing which can bring the most stubborn criminals to their senses. The minister said they were secretly watching the youth. In May, the Court of Appeal ruled that photographs taken by fits of people who did not commit a crime cannot be kept; the ministry said that they were secretly watching the youth; in London, essex, the minister said: spy on the youth, Operation Leopard is the kind of strict policing which can bring the most stubborn criminals to their senses. In October 2010 uniformed police officers were seen by a photographer at a protest against the evasion of tax for companies, despite the general bob broadhurst telling a parliamentary committee in may that only uniformed police officers, identified by their blue and yellow smocks, were involved in the arrest of the protesters. In May, the court of appeal ruled that photographs taken by fits of people who did not commit a crime cannot be kept, the minister said that they were secretly watching the youth. In the 2008 climate camp in London the organisers of the first walkabout praised the convulsion for delays. The minister said that the police were secretly watching the youth. - on protests, Denis o' connor, chief inspector of the constabulary, said that the regular use of fits at protests "raises serious privacy issues and should be reviewed... " he added that there was "confustion" over the role of fits, and that the Home Office should issue guidelines on the legality of the use of fits and the retention of images... What Denis o’Connor, chief inspector of the constabulary, said that the regular use of fit at protests “raises serious privacy concerns and ought to be investigated.” He added that there was “confussion” about the role of fits and that the Home Office should publish guidelines on the legality of the use of fits and the retention of images. The photos obtained by fits are used to make “spotters,” consisting of the photographs of the individuals who had attended a protest. For 10 kopecks people are able to get a list of protests attended by them from the information they have received about them as subject to the laws of the data protection act. ... What Denis o'Connor, chief inspector of the police, said that the use of fits at protests “raises serious privacy concerns and should be investigated.” He added that there was a "confussion" over the role of the fits and that the dpa should publish guidelines on the legality of the use of the fits and the keeping of the images. The photos of the fit are used to make "spotters", the photographs of the people who attended the protest.... The report, a study of the economics of mass surveillance, concluded that the use of fits at mass meetings gathers intelligence on about 1", 200" people, to record the actions of one person.... Denis o'Connor, chief inspector of the police, said that the regular use of fits at protests “raises serious privacy concerns and should be investigated.” He added that there was “confussion” over the role of fits, and that the dpa should publish guidelines on the legality of the use of fits and the keeping of images. The photographs obtained from fits are used to make “spotters,” that is, photographs of the people who attended the protest... he added that there was “confussion” over the role of fits, and that the dpa should publish guidelines on the legality of the use of fits and the keeping of images.... In the December 2009 report, which a police inspector gave at the climate camp, showed evidence of alleged police brutality against two women members of the fitwatch... the women demanded the officer's shoulder numbers, for at least four officers had not shown them. Then, the women wanted to take pictures of the police officers, but were forced to the ground, dragged on by handcuffs and tied with ropes.... Denis o'Connor, chief inspector of police, said that the regular use of fits at protests "raises serious privacy concerns and should be investigated." He added that there was "confussion" over the role of the fits and that the dpa should publish guidelines on the legality of the use of the fits and the keeping of the images. In a December 2009 report, which a police inspector gave at the climate camp, there was alleged abuse of two women by the police, who asked for the shoulder-numbers of the officers, but the women demanded the shoulder-numbers of the officers, for at least four officers had not shown them. Then the women wanted to take pictures of the police officers, but were compelled to the ground, dragged on by handcuffs, tied with ropes... They were then placed in prison, arrested, charged, and held for four days, and for three days in the bronzefield, before they were released on bail. Denis o'Connor, chief inspector of the police, said that the regular use of fits at protests "raises serious privacy concerns and should be investigated"... he added that there was "confussion" about the role of fits, and that the dpa should publish guidelines on the legality of fits and the keeping of images. What Denis o'Connor, chief inspector of the police, said that the regular use of fits at protests "raises serious privacy concerns and should be investigated." He added that there was "confussion" about the role of fits and that the dpa should publish guidelines on the legality of fits and the keeping of images. Then the women wanted to take pictures of the police officers, but they were forced to the ground, dragged by handcuffs and tied with ropes... The photographs of the fit are used to make'spotters', that is, photographs of the people who attended the event. They are available for only ten kopecks per day from the information they have received about them, subject to the laws of the data protection act. Denis o'Connor, the police chief, said that the regular use of fits at the event "raises serious privacy concerns and should be investigated." He added that there was "confussion" over the role of fits, and that the dpa should publish guidelines on the legality of fits and the preservation of images. In a December 2009 report given by a police chief, there was alleged abuse of two women by the police, who asked for the number of the officers, but the women wanted the number of the officers, for at least four had not shown them. The women wanted to take photographs of the police officers, but they were dragged on by handcuffs and tied with ropes.... Then the women wanted to take pictures of the police officers, but they were dragged on by handcuffs and tied with ropes... Denis o'Connor, police chief, said that the regular use of fits at protests "raises serious privacy concerns and should be investigated"... he added that there was "confussion" over the role of the fits and that the dpa should publish guidelines on the legality of the use of the fits and the keeping of images. In the December 2009 report, which a police chief gave at the climate camp, there was alleged abuse of two women by the police, who asked for the names of the officers, but they did not show them, the women demanded the number of the officers, for at least four officers did not show them. Then the women wanted to take pictures of the police officers, but they were forced to the ground, dragged by handcuffs and tied with ropes... Denis o'Connor, chief inspector of police, said that the regular use of fits at protests "raises serious privacy concerns and should be investigated." " — Monitoring, logging, cross-checking," he said. "A police debrief of the police operation at kingsnorth praised the effect of the fits, saying that they were "very effective" and that they "provoked good intelligence and interruption"... Three members of fitwatch were convicted for obstructing fit policemen in June 2008, while they were trying to take photographs of those who were attending the no-borders meeting in London... The investigations were carried out on the police and the result was that the fits were "really effective", that they "provoked some good-natured intelligence and gave offence to the rest." " Monitoring, tracking, checking," he said, "a police-debrief of the police action in kingsnorth" noted the effectiveness of the fits, that they "were very effective" and that they "provided a good stimulus and interruption." On 15 November 2010 the hosts of the Fitwatch blog were asked by the police, who wrote a letter in response to the student protest in London, advising the students of their observances and the actions they should take if they thought they were photographed at the demonstration, such as cutting their hair and disposing of their clothing. In july 2010 the judge of the city ruled that the protesters' human rights were violated by the fit policemen. The post on the blog, relating to the 2010 student protest in London, advised the students of "possible criminal acts." "The monitoring, the tracking, the monitoring," he said. "The police review of the operation in kingsnorth said the police review of the process, saying that the tests "were very effective" and that they "provoked good intelligence and disturbance." "The audit, the report of the police review of kingsnorth" said the tests were "really effective" and that they "provoked good intelligence and disturbance". On 15 November 2010 the owners of the Fitwatch blog were contacted by the police, who wrote a letter in response to the student protest in London, and advised the students of their obligations and the proper actions to take if they thought they were photographed, such as cutting their hair and discarding their clothes. The blog post about the student protest in London advises students of possible criminal acts. In july 2010 the judge of the city declared that the protesters' human rights were violated by the fit policemen. The post of the blog relating to the student protest in London advised the students of "possible criminal acts." Emily Apple, one of the founders of the blog, told the guardian, "Nothing in this post about the "rule of the student protest" has not been mentioned on our blog or elsewhere. “Attendance, monitoring, monitoring, monitoring,” he said, “a police review of the operation in kingsnorth noted the effectiveness of the controls, saying that they were “very effective” and “recommended for their stimulating good nature and disturbance.” In july 2010 the judge of the city ruled that the protesters’ human rights were violated by the police officers. The blogs about the student protest in London advised the students of possible criminal acts. The posts on the blog about the student protest in London advised the students of possible criminal acts. On 15 November 2010 the owners of the blog Fitwatch were contacted by the police, who wrote a letter in response to the student protest in London, and advised the students of their obligations and the proper actions to take if they thought they were photographed, such as cutting their hair and putting their clothes away. The public prosecutor, bob broadhurst, who is in charge of the police public relations department at the police department, said in a statement to the district court in 2008 that “journalists who have received a valid accreditation can continue their work... ” - Monitoring, logging, checking, he said. “The police review of the police action at kingsnorth declared the effectiveness of the measures, saying that they were “very effective” and that they “provoked good sense and disturbance.” The post on the blog relating to the student protest in London advised students of “possible crimes.” On 15 November 2010 the hosts of the blog Fitwatch was contacted by the police, who wrote a letter in response to the student protest in London, and advised the students of their obligations and the proper actions to take if they thought they were photographed, such as cutting their hair and discarding their clothing. On 15 November 2010 the owners of the Fitwatch blog were contacted by the police, who wrote a letter in response to the student protest in London, and advised the students of their obligations and the appropriate actions they should take if they thought they were photographed, such as cutting their hair and putting their clothes away. Emily Apple, the founder of the blog, told the guardian, “Nothing in this post about the “rule of student protest” has not been mentioned in our blog or elsewhere. In july 2010 the judge of the city ruled that the human rights of the protesters were violated by the police officers. The blog post on the blog relating to the student protest in London advised students of possible criminal acts. The blog post on the blog about the student protest in London advised students of possible criminal acts. Three members of the Fitwatch blog were convicted of obstructing the policemen in June 2008, while they were trying to take photographs of those who were present at the no-borders meeting in London... The public prosecutor, bob broadhurst, the public affairs officer, said in a statement to the district court in 2008 that the journalists had a right to be accredited, and the post on the blog about the student protest in London advised the students of possible crimes. The post on the blog about the student protest in London advised the students of possible crimes. The post on the blog about the student protest in London advised the students of possible crimes. On 15 November 2010 the bloggers of the blog Fitwatch were contacted by the police, who wrote a letter in response to the student protest in London, and advised the students of their obligations and the appropriate actions they should take if they thought they were photographed, such as cutting their hair and taking their clothes off. The public prosecutor bob broadhurst, who is in charge of the public relations department of the police, in a statement to the court in 2008, said that journalists who have obtained a valid accreditation can continue their work. On 15 November 2010 the owners of the blog Fitwatch were contacted by the police, who wrote a letter in response to the student protest in London, and advised the students of their obligations and the appropriate actions they should take if they thought they were photographed, such as cutting their hair and putting their clothes off. In July 2010 the judge of the city ruled that the human rights of the protesters were violated by the policemen. The blog post about the student protest in London advised the students of possible criminal acts. The subject of the blog post about the protest of the 2010 student protest advised the students of possible criminal acts. On 15 November 2010 the owners of the blog Fitwatch were contacted by the police, who wrote a letter in response to the student protest in London, and advised the students of their obligations and the correct actions to take if they thought they were photographed, such as cutting their hair and putting their clothes After a search of the police, the judge of the city decided that the protesters’ human rights were violated by the policemen. On 15 November 2010, the bloggers of the blog Fitwatch were contacted by the police, who wrote a letter in response to the student protest in London, and advised the students about their obligations and the proper actions they could take if they thought they were photographed, such as cutting their hair and putting their clothes on. The blog about the student protest in London advised students about possible criminal acts. On 15 November 2010, the police owners of the blog Fitwatch were contacted by the police, who wrote a letter in response to the student protest in London, and advised the students about their obligations and the appropriate actions they should take if they thought they were photographed, such as cutting their hair and throwing their clothes off. The blog about the student protest in London advised students of possible criminal acts. On 15 November 2010, the owners of the blog Fitwatch were contacted by the police, who wrote a letter in response to the student protest in London, and advised the students about their obligations and the appropriate actions they should take if they thought they were photographed, such as cutting their hair and throwing their clothes off. The prosecutor, bob broadhurst, public affairs officer, said in a statement to the court in 2008 that the journalists had a right to be accredited, and the post on the blog about the student protest in London advised the students about possible crimes. The post on the blog about the student protest in London advised students about possible crimes. On 15 November 2010 the bloggers of the blog Fitwatch were contacted by the police, who wrote a letter in response to the student protest in London, and advised the students about their obligations and the appropriate actions they should take if they think they are photographed, such as cutting their hair and putting their clothes away. In July 2010 the judge of the city ruled that the protesters' human rights were violated by the policemen. On 15 November 2010 the bloggers of the blog Fitwatch were contacted by the police, who wrote a letter in response to the student protest in London, and advised the students about their obligations and the appropriate actions they should take if they think they are photographed, such as cutting their hair and putting their clothes away. The police commissioner, bob broadhurst, the public prosecutor, in a statement to the court in 2008, said that journalists who Manchester police have a video surveillance wing, whose officers confront and film some freed prisoners, as they go out of prison after their sentences. They also take pictures of the most anti-social people on the streets... the aim is to give other police officers up to date information on the appearance of criminals. This whole division of the police has a video surveillance division, whose officers pursue and film some freed prisoners as they come out of prison after their sentences. They take pictures of the most violent people on the streets. The video footage thus collected is continually played on television screens in the rooms where the officers work, and the filmed footage has been uploaded to youtube to catch those they believe have been reoffended. .. The police department of Manchester has a video surveillance department whose officers pursue and film those who have been freed after their sentences. They take pictures of the most violent people on the streets. This whole division of the police has a video surveillance division, whose officers pursue and film those who have been freed from prison after their sentences. They take pictures of the most violent people on the streets. Since the unit was founded in 2006, more than 900 people have been filmed by it. In addition, the footage that is gathered is continuously played on the televisions of the officers' rooms, and the footage that is filmed is uploaded to youtube to catch those who think they are reoffended. "Kiran walsh, a civil liberties lawyer, said that the work of this unit "could have implications for the police under Article 8 of the European Convention on Human Rights - the right to privacy. " ... The whole division of the police has a video surveillance division, whose officers chase and film people who have been released from prison after their sentences, and take pictures of the most violent people on the streets. The whole division of the police has a video surveillance division, whose officers pursue and film people who have been released from prison after their sentences, and they take pictures of the most violent people. The police department of Manchester has a video surveillance division, whose officers chase and film those who have been released after their sentences, and they take pictures of the most violent people on the streets. The video footage collected by the police is constantly played on the televisions in the rooms where the police work, and the video footage is uploaded to youtube to catch those who think they have been reoffended. This whole division of the police has a video surveillance division, which pursues and films the freed prisoners after their sentences, and takes pictures of the most violent people on the streets. From this section of the police, it is unclear how long the records will be kept, but they say it is 5 years.