 "Lose (Let it go)," was the third studio album of the Canadian singer-songwriter nelly furtado. It was released on 6 June 2006 by geffen and the mosley music group. After the release of furtado's second album, Folklore, by Dreamworks Records, it was announced that the universal music group would buy Dreamworks, and it was then merged into the newly formed geffen a and m, where furtado would release new music. “Lose (Let it go),” was the third album by the Canadian singer-songwriter nelly furtado. The album was released on June 6, 2006, by Geffen and the Mosley music group. It was the second album of furtado’s second album, Folklore. After the second album, which furtado had released, it was announced that the universal music group would buy Dreamworks, and then it was merged with Geffen a and m, where furtado would release new music. The album opened with the theme of female sexuality, and was described as introspective or even sad. This was the third album of the Canadian singer-songwriter nelly furtado, and was released on June 6, 2006, by Geffen and the mosley music label. The album was released on June 6, 2006 by Geffen and the mosley music label. After the release of furtado's second album, "The Folklore," it was announced that the universal music group would buy Dreamworks and that it was then merged with Geffen a and m, where furtado would release new music. The album opened with the theme of female sexuality and was described as contemplative or even sad. The album was promoted widely, and was released in several editions and supported by the "Live at the Club" tour, which is the subject of the concert DVD. " The Concert" was the third album of the Canadian singer-songwriter nelly furtado. The album was promoted widely, and it was published in several editions, and supported by the concert dvd: " The concert." "Lose (Let go") was the third album by the Canadian singer-songwriter nelly furtado. It was released on June 6, 2006 by Geffen and the mosley label. Then furtado's second album, "The Folklore", was released, and it was then that the universal music group was bought by the dreamworks and it was then merged into the newly formed geffen a and m, where furtado would release new music. The album was released in several editions, supported by the "Live at the Club" tour, which is the subject of the concert dvd. The loose" debuted at number one, making it furtado's first album to top the charts, and eight singles were released from the album, which were "confounding" and " Say it right," which were the grammy awards for best pop collaboration with vocals and best female pop vocal performance. " The concert" was the third album of the Canadian singer-songwriter nelly furtado, released on June 6, 2006 by Geffen and the molyn music label. After furtado's second album, "The Folklore," it was announced that the universal music group would buy Dreamworks, and then it was merged with Geffen a and m, where furtado would release new music. ‘Let it go’ was the third album of Canadian singer-songwriter nelly furtado. It was released on June 6, 2006, by Geffen and the Molyn label. Then furtado’s second album, ‘Fools,’ was released and it was the universal music group bought by Dreamworks and was then merged with Geffen a and m, where furtado would release new music. This was the third album of the Canadian singer-songwriter nelly furtado, and it was released on June 6, 2006 by Geffen and the Molyn label. Then furtado’s second album, ‘Fools’, was released, and then the universal music group bought Dreamworks and then it was merged with Geffen a and m, where furtado would release new music. After furtado’s second album, ‘Fools’, it was announced that the universal music group would buy Dreamworks, and that it would be merged with Geffen a and m, where furtado would release new music. This was the third album by Canadian singer-songwriter nelly furtado, and was released on June 6, 2006 by Geffen and the Molyn label. Then furtado’s second album, ‘Fools’, was released, and it was at that time that the universal music group was bought by Dreamworks, and that furtado would release new music. This album was highly promoted and was released in several editions, and supported by the “Live at the Club” tour, which is the subject of the concert DVD. The loose” debuted at number one, and furtado’s first album to top the charts. Eight singles were released from the album, which were sung “introspective” and “say it is true,” which were grammy awards for best pop collaboration with vocals and best female pop vocal performance. “He alone,” the two would collaborate on “Te Busque” (‘I searched for you’), the single from furtado’s loose album. The song was subsequently remixed and also included the colombian juanes, who had previously collaborated with furtado on his album ‘te buque’. ‘He alone’, the two would collaborate on ‘Te Busque’ (‘I’m looking for you’), the single from furtado’s loose album. The song was later remade and even included the colombian juanes, who had also collaborated with furtado on his album ‘te buque’. In November 2003, the universal music group announced that they were negotiating an agreement to acquire the dreamworks records from dreamworks srp for “about $100 million”. The purchase came at a time when the music industry was “undergoing major changes” as it sought to ‘counter declining sales and the impact of unofficial music-selling’. He alone, the two collaborated on 'Te Busque' ('I'm looking for you') from furtado's album. The song was later remade and also included the colombian juanes, who had previously collaborated with furtado on his album 'te buque'. "He alone," the two collaborated on 'Te Busque' ('I'm looking for you'), from furtado's album. In November 2003, the universal music group announced that they had agreed to purchase the dreamworks record from dreamworks srp for about $100 million. The purchase came at a time when the music industry was undergoing "total changes" in order to "counter declining sales and the tainted influence of the illegal music market." Then the two would collaborate on "I'm looking for you" from furtado's album. The song was then remade and even included the colombian juanes, who had also collaborated with furtado on his album te buque. He alone, the two would collaborate on "Te Busque" (I'm looking for you) from furtado's album. The song was later remade and also included the colombian juanes, who had previously collaborated with furtado on his album te buque. In November 2003, the universal music group announced that they had agreed to buy the dreamworks album from dreamworks for "about $100 million". The purchase came at a time when the music industry was "undergoing major changes," to counter "stagnant sales and the tainted influence of the illegal music market. " He alone" and "I'm looking for you," from furtado's album. In this te buque, which was arranged by nelle hooper in London, is a song of reggae, 'te busque,' written by and containing juanes, who collaborated with furtado on his 2002 song "picture...". He alone, the two of them collaborated on "Te Busque" (I am looking for you), from furtado's album. Then the two of them collaborated on "Te Busque" (I am looking for you), from furtado's album. The song was later remade and also included the colombian juanes, who also collaborated with furtado on his album te buque. In November 2003 the universal music group announced that they had agreed to purchase the dreamworks album from dreamworks for about $100 million; this purchase came at a time when the music industry was undergoing "great changes," to "save the sales and the tainted influence of the illegal music market". "He alone," the two collaborated on "Te buque", the single from furtado's album. The song was later remade and even included the colombian juanes, who had previously collaborated with furtado on his album "Te buque". In miami, florida, furtado collaborated with pharrell (who introduced her to reggaeton and who shouted at her "can't have it" in his 2005 single "Can it be done with me" ), and scottstorch (with whom she recorded a "jam" song) before entering the studio with timbaland. He alone, the two collaborated on "Te buque", from furtado's album. In November 2003, the universal music group announced that they were negotiating an agreement to purchase the dreamworks album from dreamworks for "about $100 million. The purchase was made at a time when the music industry was "undergoing major changes" in order to "counter declines and the tainted influence of the illegal music market." He alone, the two of them collaborated on “Te Busque” (I’m looking for you), the single from furtado’s album. The song was later remade and included the colombian juanes, who had previously collaborated with furtado on his album te buque. In November 2003, the universal music group announced that they were negotiating an agreement to purchase the dreamworks album from dreamworks for “about $100 million.” The agreement came at a time when the music industry was undergoing “a great change,” in order to “avoid declining sales and the tainted influence of the illegal music market.” The te buque, which was composed by nelle hooper in London, was a reggae lyric: “Te buque,” written by and containing juanes, who had collaborated with furtado on his 2002 song “Little Boy.” He alone and “Te buque” from furtado’s album. Then the two collaborated on “Te buque” from furtado’s album. Then the two collaborated on “Te buque” from furtado’s album. The song was later remade and also included the colombian juanes, who had previously collaborated with furtado on his album te buque. In November 2003, the universal music group announced that they were negotiating an agreement to buy the dreamworks album from dreamworks for “about $100 million.” The purchase came at a time when the music industry was “undergoing major changes” to “counter declining sales and the tainted influence of the illegal music market.” In miami, florida, furtado collaborated with pharrell (who introduced her to reggaeton and shouted at her, “I can’t do it with me,” and scottstorch (with whom she recorded a “jam” song) in the studio. The two of them collaborated on “Te Busque” (I’m looking for you) from furtado’s album. In November 2003, the universal music group announced that they had agreed to purchase the dreamworks album from dreamworks for “ , some of the beats for the songs timbaland reworked, in the studio, which were half developed or merely ‘wax’s or even ‘abstracts’; the rest were entirely reworked. The artist subsequently recorded a few forty pieces for herself, making up her mind which of the songs to include – she called timbaland ‘a sonic extraterrestrial’, who had put together a set of songs that went on, and said that the arrangement she had devised was supposedly unsatisfactory. , in the studio timbaland recorded some of the songs that were half-improved, or merely "grooves", but the rest were completely reworked. The artist later produced a few forty-song pieces for herself, deciding which songs to include - she called timbaland a sonic extraterrestrial, who had arranged the music that went on, and that she found the arrangement unsatisfactory. Other songs that were considered for inclusion in the album were "tight," "friend of mine", "hands in the air," "bright young boy", "boy of the savage" and "heartless. " A version of the song "all good things" (come to an end) by the band "the plague" featuring the vocals of the ex-champion of emi - emi - was not released, though a request was made by martin's label, emi. In the studio timbaland recorded some of the songs he had made for the band in a manner of half-refined music, or ‘only the basics’; but the rest were completely remade. The artist subsequently recorded a few forty songs for herself, making up her mind which of the songs she wanted to include – she called timbaland a sonic extraterrestrial, who had arranged the music which went on, and that she found the arrangement unsatisfactory. The artist then recorded a few forty songs for herself, deciding which songs to include – she called timbaland a sonic extraterrestrial, who had composed the music that went on and that the arrangement she had devised was supposed to be unsatisfactory. The single version of the song “All Good Things” (which came to an end) by the band “the plague” which had the vocals of the ex-champion of emi, emi, was not released, though a request was made to martin’s label, emi. The artist later recorded a few forty songs, deciding which songs to include – she called timbaland a sonic extraterrestrial, who had composed the music and that she found the arrangement unsatisfactory. Some of the songs he had remade in the studio were half-improved or simply “picks,” while the rest were completely remade. The other songs considered for inclusion in the album were “tricky,” “friend of my,” “hands in the air,” “bright young boy,” “boy of the savage,” and “heartless.” The artist then recorded a few forty pieces for herself, deciding which songs to include—she called timbaland a sonic extraterrestrial, who had arranged the music that went on, and that she found the arrangement unsatisfactory. Then she pressed the singer timbaland to perform the songs he had composed for the band in a sort of rehearsed, “sampled” style; but the rest were completely remade. In the studio, timbaland recorded some of the songs he had written for the band in the form of improvised or “sublime” tunes, while the rest were entirely rehearsed. Another song in the album was called tight, “friend of mine,” “hands in the air,” “light-headed boy,” “bright young boy,” “a strong young man,” “heartless man,” and “heartless.” “You have to keep surprising people, and that’s how I like it,” she said. “It’s always fun to surprise people,” she said. “That’s what i like best of all,” she said. , some of the melodies timbaland remade in the studio were half-improved, or just "swaps", but the rest were entirely remade. Then she pressed the singer timbaland to perform the songs he had composed for the band in a kind of rehearsed and rehearsed style; but the rest were completely remade. Afterwards, she recorded a few forty songs for herself, deciding which songs to include - she called timbaland a sonic extraterrestrial, who composed the music and said that the arrangement was unsatisfactory. The artist later recorded a few forty songs, deciding which songs to include - she called timbaland a sonic extraterrestrial, who had composed the music and that the arrangement was unsatisfactory. The artist recorded a few forty songs, deciding which songs to include - she called timbaland a sonic extraterrestrial, who had composed the music and that the arrangement was unsatisfactory. Then timbaland recorded some of the songs he had made for the band in the form of "sublime" or "literary", but the rest were completely remade. In the studio, timbaland recorded some of the songs he had written for the band in improvised or "literary" music, while the rest were entirely remade. Besides, in the studio, timbaland recorded some of the songs that he had made in the studio, which were half developed or only "wax"; but the rest were completely changed. The album was to be “sudden and cool” and “sexy but fun” like tlc, mc lyte, queen latifah and janet jackson, who inspired furtado because, as she put it, she was “secure in her sexuality and womanhood” when she released her 1993 single “that’s the way love goes.” During the recording of loose furtado listened to several musicians from the electro and rock genre, e.g., the band Abiting Orchestra, the Berlin Manifesto, the album “Devil takes the title,” and the whole thing was written in such a way that it appeared to be totally female...” The album was to be “embellished and cool” and “sexy but fun” as the name would say: “tlc, mcl, queen latifah, and janet jackson” whose name furtado was inspired by, as she put it, because, as she put it, she was “satisfied in her sexuality and womanhood” when she released her 1992 single, “that’s the way love goes.” At the time of loose furtado, she was listening to musicians from the electro and rock genre, e.g., the Abiting Orchestra, the Berlin Manifesto, the album Devil’s Take the Name, and the whole thing was written in such a way that it seemed to be entirely female...” The album would be "embellished and cool" and "sexy but fun," as the name would say: "tlc, mcl, queen latifah and janet jackson" whose name furtado was inspired by, as she put it, because, as she put it, she was satisfied with "sex and femininity" when she released her 1992 single "that's how it is." During the recording of loose furtado, she listened to several musicians from the electro-rock genre, e.g., the Abiting Orchestra, the BerlinManifesto, the album Devil takes the name, and all this was written so that it seemed entirely female." To the sound of music of such bands, she said, "the rhythm is back, and the hip-hop is now influenced," because it had become "too big and boring..." because the mixing engineers were aware of timbaland and furtado's rock influences, the songs were mixed on the mix-board in the studio instead of "the fancy mixer at the end... ‘That’s the way love goes,’ she said. ‘ To hear that music of the sort, she said, ‘the rhythm is back, and the hip-hop has been influenced by them,’ because it was ‘too big and boring’ because the engineers knew that Timbaland and furtado were particularly influenced by furtado, and so the songs were sung on the mixing-board in the studio instead of ‘the fancy mixer at the end’...’ The album was to be ‘beautiful and cool’ and ‘beautiful but fun’ like the band, ‘the Abiting Orchestra, the BerlinManifesto, the Devil’s Take the Name,’ and all this was written so that it seemed to be totally female.” During the recording of the loose furtado, she listened to various musicians from the electro-rock genre, e.g., the Abiting Orchestra, the Berlin Manifesto, the album Devil Takes the Name, and all this was written so that it seemed entirely female.” To the sound of the music of such bands, she said that the rhythms are returning and the hip-hop is now influenced,” because it had become too big and boring...” The mixing engineers were aware of timbaland and furtado’s rock influences, so the songs were mixed on the mixer in the studio, not on the "special mixer at the end". The album was to be “sudden and cool” and “sexy but fun” as the name says: “tlc, mcl, queen latifah and janet jackson” whose name furtado was inspired by, as she put it, because she was satisfied with “sex and femininity” when she released her 1993 single, “that’s how it is.” Then he said, “The rhythm is back, and the rap is now influenced by them,” because it was “too big and boring” because the engineers knew that Timbaland and furtado were especially influenced by furtado, and so the songs were sung on the mixer in the studio instead of “the special mixer at the end.” Then he said, “The rap is still strong and fun” like tlc, mcl, queen latifah and janet jackson, whose name he was inspired by, because as he said, he was “satisfied with his sexuality and his womanhood” when he released his single “that’s how it is.” The rap is like a clean album, and “bubbly and cool” like the band the rapists of the Abiting Orchestra, the Berlin Manifesto, the album Devil Takes the Name, and all this was written so that it seemed to be completely female.” During the recording of the rapists, she listened to different musicians from the rock genre, e.g., the rapists of the Abiting Orchestra, the Berlin Manifesto, the album Devil Takes the Name, and all this was written so that it seemed to be completely female. To the sound of music of such bands, she said that the rhythm is back and the hip-hop is influenced, because it was “too big and boring,” because the mixers knew that Timbaland and furtado were particularly influenced by furtado, and therefore the songs were sung on the mixer in the studio instead of the “special mixer at the end”. After she believed that she had done this, she felt free to make the kind of music she “liked”. The album would be "sudden and cool" and "sexy but fun" as the name would be: "tlc, mcl, queen latifah and janet jackson", whose name he inspired, because as he said, he was satisfied with "sex and femininity" when she released the album "that's the way." During the recording of the band, she listened to various musicians from the genre of electro-rock, e.g., the Abiting Orchestra, the Berlin manifesto, the album "devil takes the name," and all this was written in a way that it seemed to be completely female. " During the recording of the band, she listened to various musicians from the genre of electro-rock, e.g., the Abiting Orchestra, the Berlin manifesto, the album "devil takes the name," and all this was written in a way that was totally female. The record was "sudden and cool", and "sexy but fun", as the name says: "tlc, mcl, queen latifah and janet jackson" whose name he was inspired by, because as she put it, she was satisfied with "sex and femininity" when she released her album "devil takes the name"... During the recording of the album, she listened to different musicians from the rock genre, e.g., the Abiting Orchestra, the Berlin Manifesto, the album "Devil Takes the Name", and it was written so that it seemed completely female." To the sound of music of such bands, she said that the rhythm is back and the hip-hop is now influenced," because it was "too big and boring," because the engineers knew that Timbaland and furtado were particularly influenced by furtado, and so the songs were sung on the mixer in the studio instead of the "special mixer at the end". During the recording of the rapists, she listened to different musicians from the rock genre, e.g., the rapists of the Abiting Orchestra, the Berlin manifesto, the album Devil takes the name, and all this was written so that it seemed to be completely female." The artist's album, produced by timbaland and danja, was the first rehearsal of her musical tastes. In its composition, furtado used a more mixed approach to composing. She characterized the albums as loose r&b-hip-hop and, as she put it, the “advanced, theatrical elements of the 80s music. " For this album, the artist, in association with timbaland and danja, was her first musical rehearsal, and in its composition, furtado adopted a more varied approach. In her composition, she characterized the 'punk' sound as punk-hip-hop, which she described as eurythmics--as if influenced by "modern, poppy, and spooky music,' and she described that "there is a mysterious, mystical, and bitter smell to it. " - - she has said that the "punk" sound is "high, "modern", and it has a mysterious, after-night spirit, very visceral... The artist’s album, produced by timbaland and danja, was her first musical rehearsal, and in its composition furtado used a more mixed approach. She characterized the music as r&b-hip-hop and, as she put it, the ‘advanced, theatrical elements of 80s music.’ For this album, furtado, in collaboration with timbaland and danja, was her first musical rehearsal, and in its composition furtado took a more varied approach. She called it “punk,” and he described it as eurythmic, as though influenced by ‘modern, poppy, and spooky music’, and in her opinion ‘it has a mysterious, mystical, and bitter odor.’ She said that the “punk” sound was ‘high, modern,” and it was a mysterious, after-night spirit, which was very visceral... The artist's album, produced by timbaland and danjin, was her first musical rehearsal, and in its composition, furtado adopted a more mixed approach: she characterized the albums as loose r&b-hip-hop, and as she put it, “the advanced theatrical elements of the 80s.” For this album, furtado, in cooperation with timbaland and danjin, was her first musical rehearsal, and in its composition furtado took a more mixed approach: she called the “punk” sound “eurythmic,” as though it were influenced by “modern, poppy, and spooky music,” and that “it has a mysterious, mystical, bitter odour.” She said that the “punk” sound was “high, modern,” and that it was a mysterious, after-night spirit, very visceral... “ The artist’s album, produced by timbaland and danjin, was her first musical rehearsal, and in its composition furtado took a more eclectic approach. The composition of the album called it “punk,” and he called it “eurythmic,” as if influenced by “modern, poppy, and spooky music,” and she believed that “this smoky, mystical, and bitter odour has a mysterious, mystical, and bitter odour.” " This album, produced by timbaland and danjin, was her first musical rehearsal, and in its composition furtado took a more eclectic approach. The album was called "punk," and he called it eurythmic, as if it were influenced by "modern, poppy and spooky music," and in her opinion "it has a mysterious, mystical, bitter odour." For this album, furtado, in collaboration with timbaland and danjin, was her first musical rehearsal, and in its composition furtado took a more varied approach. In the composition, furtado called the 'punk' sound punk, and he called it eurythmic, as if influenced by "modern, poppy and spooky music," and in her opinion "there is a mysterious, mystical and bitter odour. " For this odour, the artist, in collaboration with timbaland and danjin, was her first musical rehearsal, and in its composition, furtado took a more diverse approach. The odour, which was called 'punk', was called 'eurythmic', as if influenced by "modern, poppy and spooky music", and in her opinion "this smoky, mystical and bitter odour has a mysterious, mystical, and bitter smell. The odour of 'punk' is 'high, modern,' and it has a mysterious, after-night spirit that is very visceral. ' For this album, furtado, in collaboration with timbaland and danja, was her first musical rehearsal, and in its composition furtado took a more mixed approach. She characterized the music as r&b-hip-hop and, as she put it, "the advanced theatrical elements of the 80s." This album, produced by timbaland and danja, was her first musical rehearsal, and in its composition furtado took a more mixed approach. For this album, furtado, in collaboration with timbaland and danja, was her first musical rehearsal, and in its composition furtado took a more diverse approach. The album, called 'punk', and he called it eurythmic, as if influenced by'modern, poppy and spooky music,' and she believed that 'that smoky, mystical and bitter odour has a mysterious, mystical and bitter odour.' This album, produced by timbaland and danja, was her first musical rehearsal, and in its composition furtado took a more varied approach. The album, called 'punk', and he called it eurythmic, as if influenced by "modern, poppy and spooky music", and in her opinion, 'it has a mysterious, mystical and bitter odour.'... She called it 'punk' and he called it eurythmic, as if influenced by "modern, poppy and spooky music", and she said that "this smoky, mystical and bitter smell has a mysterious, mystical and bitter smell. ' He was acoustic and resonant, and he was acoustic, as if influenced by “modern, poppy, and spooky music” and that “it has a mysterious, mystical, and bitter odour.” This album, produced by timbaland and danjin, was her first musical rehearsal, and in its composition furtado took a more eclectic approach. This album, composed by timbaland and danjin, was her first musical rehearsal, and in its composition furtado took a more eclectic approach. The composition of the album was called “punk,” and he called it “eurythmic,” as if influenced by “modern, poppy, and spooky music”, and in her opinion “there is a mysterious, mystical, and bitter odour.” The artist’s album, produced by timbaland and danjin, was her first musical rehearsal, and in its composition furtado took a more varied approach. The artist’s album, produced by timbaland and danjin, was her first musical rehearsal, and in its composition furtado took a more diverse approach. For this album, furtado, in cooperation with timbaland and danjin, was her first musical rehearsal, and in its composition furtado took a more diverse approach. She called it ‘punk’ and he called it ‘eurythmic’, as if influenced by ‘modern, poppy and spooky music’, and she thought ‘that smoky, mystical and bitter smell has a mysterious, mystical and bitter smell.’ The smelt of ‘punk’ is ‘high, modern’ and it has a mysterious, after-night spirit, which is very visceral. This smelt is ‘high, modern’ and it has a mysterious, after-night spirit, very visceral.’ This smelt, called ‘punk’, and he called it eurythmic, as if it were influenced by ‘modern, poppy and spooky music’, and she believes that ‘this smelt has a mysterious, ‘Protectionary’ (starring Timbaland) was inspired by a flirting exchange furtado had with attitude, who co-wrote the song. She considered the fifth track, ‘showtime’, ‘a real r&b slow jam’.... “Anyhay igual” is a “middle-end” hip-hop song with Latin acoustic verses. ‘No hay igual’ is a song of hip-hop and reggaeton, which has a tongue twister and over ‘the future is tropic’... She considered the fifth track, a “slow, real r&b jam,” “no hay igual” (I thought the fifth was a real r&b jam, real slow”. “Republic” (starring Timbaland) was inspired by a flirting conversation furtado had with attitude, who co-wrote the song. The song also contains a "fragrant blend" of percussion and "captivating chanting." "No hay igual" is a reggaeton song, which has a tongue-twist and the "past is tropic". The presiding officer, starring Timbaland, was inspired by a flirtation with attitude, who wrote the song. The song also contains a “fragrant blend” of percussion and a “captivating chanting.” “Anyhay Igual” is a “middle-end” hip-hop song with Latin verses; “No Hay Igual” is a song of hip-hop and reggaeton, with a tongue-twisting, and the “tomorrow is tropic”. She considered the fifth track a “relatively slow r&b jam” —“I thought the fifth was a real r&b jam, a real slow”. “Republic” (starring Timbaland) was inspired by a flirting conversation furtado had with attitude, who co-wrote the song. She said she wasn’t quite sure what “return to the right” was about, but that it expressed her feelings in writing it and “distracted her into another world.” The seventh track, “ te busque,” featuring the latin singer juanes, is about furtado’s experience with depression, which she said she’d been experiencing since she was seventeen. She considered the fifth song a ‘slow, real r&b’, ‘no hay igual’ (I thought the fifth was a real r&b, a real r&b’)... ‘No hay igual’ is a ‘middle-end’ hip-hop song with Latin verses. ‘No hay igual’ is a reggaeton song, which has a tongue-twist and the ‘tomorrow is tropic’. ‘Republic’ (starring Timbaland) was inspired by a flirting conversation furtado had with attitude, who wrote the song. ‘Republic’ was inspired by a flirting conversation furtado had with attitude, who wrote the song. ‘Republic’ was inspired by a flirting conversation furtado had with attitude, who wrote the song. The fifth track, ‘Fairy’, ‘fairy’, ‘farewell’, ‘farewell’ (I thought the fifth was a real r&b/r&b/r&b/r&b/r&b’). ‘No Hay Igual’ is a rap song with Latin verses, ‘no Hay Igual’ is a rap song with a tongue twister and the ‘past is tropic’. In the same time, ‘Protectionary’ (with Timbaland) was released as a club single in the us, in which it reached the top five... The presiding officer, Timbaland, was inspired by a flirtation with attitude, who wrote the song. She considered the fifth track to be a "relatively slow r&b," "no hay igual" (I thought the fifth was a real r&b, a real r&b). The fifth track was a "relatively slow r&b" (I thought the fifth was a real r&b, a real r&b). "Republic" (with Timbaland) was inspired by a flirting conversation furtado had with attitude, who wrote the song. "No hay igual" is a hip-hop song with Latin verses, "no hay igual" is a reggaeton song, "tony igual" has a tongue twisting and "tomorrow is tropic"; "No hay igual" is a reggaeton song with tongue twisting and "tomorrow is tropic". "Republic" (starring Timbaland) was inspired by a flirtation with attitude, who wrote the song. The second single in Europe and latin America, "Mereater," was released in late august to early september 2006; but it was not as good as "Mereater". The seventh song, ‘Stop ’s Joker’s Hulk,’ the singer of the latin singer Juanes, is about furtado’s experience of depression, which she has said she has been experiencing since she was seventeen. She considered the fifth track to be ‘relatively slow’, ‘no hay igual’ (I thought the fifth was a real r&b, a real r&b’). ‘Republic’ (starring Timbaland) was inspired by a flirting conversation furtado with attitude, who wrote the song. ‘Republic’ (starring Timbaland) was inspired by a flirting conversation furtado with attitude, who wrote the song. ‘No hay igual’ is a ‘mid-end’ hip-hop song with Latin lyrics; ‘No hay igual’ is a reggaeton song with tongue-twist and the ‘tomorrow is tropic’. ‘No hay igual’ is a reggaeton song, with tongue-twist and the ‘tomorrow is tropic’. ‘No hay igual’ is a ‘mid-end’ hip-hop song with Latin verses, ‘No hay igual’ is a reggaeton song with tongue-twist and the ‘tomorrow is tropic’. ‘No hay igual’ is a ‘mid-end’ hip-hop song with Latin verses; ‘No hay igual’ is a ‘long-winded’ rap song, ‘no hay igual’ is a reggaeton song with tongue-twist and the ‘tomorrow is tropic’. ‘No hay igual’ is a hip-hop song with Latin verses, ‘no hay igual’ is a reggaeton song with tongue-twist and the ‘longwinded’. ‘No hay igual’ is a hip-hop song with Latin verses, ‘no hay igual’ is a reggaeton song For the same period, the "Maneater" had begun to be the second hit in north America. It was not as successful as "The Master," reaching number twenty in canada and number twenty in the us, though it was a top five single in the aria charts. Then, in the same time period, the second single in the United States, "All right, all right," appeared in the month of November and in the month of December, and the third latin American single, " The Master," appeared in January 2007. During the same period the “Maneater” had begun to become the second hit in North America. It was not as successful as “The Master,” reaching number twenty in canada and number twenty in the us, although it was a number five in the aria chart. In the same time period the second American single, “All right, all right,” appeared in the months of November and December, and the third latin American single, “The Master,” appeared in January 2007. After the release of “The Master,” in europe in March 2007, the single reached the top five in germany and the top ten in uk, where it was a download for free... “Well, he’s a human being,” he says, “and he’s not a human being.” He says he is not a human being, and he doesn’t reach twenty in canada and twenty in us, though he’s a top five song in the aria charts. During the same period, the manatee has begun to become the second hit in North America. He is not as successful as “The Master,” he says, reaching twenty in canada and twenty in us, although he’s a top five song in the aria charts. Then, the second single in the United States, “All right, all right,” appeared in the months of November and December, and the third latin American song, “The Master,” appeared in January 2007. During this time, the second American song, “All right, all right,” appeared in the months of November and December, and the third latin American song, “The Master,” appeared in January 2007. The uk single, “All right, all right,” was released in North America in March 2007; it reached the top five in canada and the top twenty in australia, though it only reached the lower end of the hot 100... One month after the release of “Master,” in europe, in March 2007, the single reached the top five in germany and the top ten in uk, where it was also available for free... “So he’s human,” he says, “but he’s not human,” and it’s not even a top five in the aria charts. The same period, the “Master” started to hit in North America. It wasn’t as successful as “Master”, it hit twenty in canada and twenty in us, but it was a top five in the aria charts. Then the second American single, “just right,” appeared in the month of November and December, and the third latin American single, “Master,” appeared in January 2007. “Well, he’s a human being,” he says, “and he’s not a human being.” During that time, the second American single, “just right,” appeared in the month of November and December, and the third latin American song, “Master,” appeared in January 2007. In May 2007, Furtado mentioned the possibility of a sixth or seventh single, citing the examples of the nickelback music and the pcd, albums which at that time were supporting seven singles... In May 2007, furtado announced the possibility of a sixth or seventh single, citing the nickelback reasons and the pussycat pcd, as albums that were supported by seven singles... This same period, the “Manatee” was beginning to hit in North America. It was not as successful as “Master,” it reached twenty in canada and twenty in us, but it was a top five song in the aria chart. In the same period, the “Manatee” became the second hit in North America. It was not as successful as “Master,” it reached twenty in canada and twenty in us, but it was a top five song in the aria chart. At the same time, the second American song, “All right,” appeared in the months of November and December, and the third latin American song, “Master” appeared in January 2007. “So he is a human being,” he says, “but he is not a human being.” The same time, the second American song, “all right,” appeared in the months of November and December, and the third latin American song, “Master” appeared in January 2007. During this time, the second American song, “all right,” appeared in the months of November and December, and the third latin American song, “Master,” appeared in January 2007. In May 2007, Furtado had already mentioned the possibility of a sixth or seventh single, citing the Nickelback method and the Bugatti pcd as albums that were supported by seven singles. Then the second American song, “all right,” appeared in the months of November and December, and the third latin American song, “Master,” appeared in January 2007. Then, in the same period, the “Master” had started to hit North America. It was not as successful as “Master,” reaching twenty in canada and twenty in us, though it was a top five in the aria chart. Then, the second American song, “all right,” appeared in the months of November and December, and the third latin American song, “Master,” appeared in January 2007. There were also instrumental songs such as “shady” and “sexy” that could be made in the region. In the latin region the ‘no-hay igual’ remix with Calle 13 was released, and the video debuted in september... In the latin region the ‘no-hay igual’ cd was released, and it made the top forty on billboard ’s latin pop airplay chart... In the Latin region the “No Hay Igual” reed remix with Calle 13 was released and the video debuted in september... In the Latin region the ‘No Hay Igual’ cd was released, and it was ranked in the top forty of billboard’s latin pop music chart... In the United States, loose was released on 12 June 2006 by geffen records, and was released eight days later on 20 June 2006 in canada and the united states. In the United States, the album was released in Germany... In the Latin region the No Hay Igual remix with Calle 13 was released, and the video debuted in september... In the Latin region the “No Hay Igual” remix with Calle 13 was released, and the video debuted in september... In the latin region the “No Hay Igual” remix with Calle 13 was released, and the video debuted in september... In the latin region the “No Hay Igual” remix was released, and it was ranked in the top forty of billboard’s latin pop music chart... in Europe she appeared at the Rockam ring and Rockam im Park in germany, and the Pink Pop festival in the netherlands injune 2006... The Latin region has the “No Hay Igual” reed remix with Calle 13, and the video has been released in september... In the latin region the “No Hay Igual” cd was released and was ranked in the top forty of the billboard latin pop music chart... In the latin region the “No Hay Igual” cd was released, and it was ranked in the top forty of the billboard latin pop music chart... In Europe she has performed at Rockam in the Park in Germany and at Pink Pop in the Netherlands injune 2006... in Germany she has performed at the summer music festival in japan, and a few days after her august performance at the summer sonic festival she has also performed at the world music awards, the american music awards, and the 94th gray cup half-time show. In the latin region the No Hay Igual remix with Calle 13 is released, and the video debuted in september... In the latin region the No Hay Igual remix with Calle 13 is released, and the video debuted in september... in the latin region the No Hay Igual remix with Calle 13 is released, and it is ranked in the top forty of the billboard latin music chart... In the latin region, the No Hay Igual remix with Calle 13 was released, and the video debuted in september... In the latin region, the No Hay Igual remix with Calle 13 was released, and the video debuted in september... In the latin region, the No Hay Igual remix with Calle 13 was released, and the video debuted in september... In the latin region, the No Hay Igual remix with Calle 13 was released, and the video debuted in september... In the latin region, the No Hay Igual remix with Calle 13 was released, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, in japan, in Australia, in Asia, in America, in Latin America, in the Americas, and in the latin regions, the No Hay Igual remix with Calle 13 was released, and it was ranked in the top forty of the latin pop music chart... In Europe, no Hay Igual remix with Calle 13 was released, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, no Hay Igual remix with Calle 13, and the video debuted in september... In the latin region, no Hay Igual remix with Calle 13 was released, and the video debuted in september... in the latin region, no Hay Igual remix with Calle 13 was released, and the video debuted in september... in the latin region, no Hay Igual remix with Calle 13 was released, and it was ranked in the top forty of the latin music chart... In the latin region, the no-hay-igual remix with Calle 13 was released, and the video debuted in september... In the latin region, the no-hay-igual remix with Calle 13 was released, and the video debuted in september... In the latin region, the no-hay-igual remix with Calle 13 was released, and the video debuted in september... In the latin region, the no-hay-igual remix with Calle 13 was released, and the video debuted in september... In Europe, in Japan, in Asia, in America, in Latin America, in Latin America, in the Americas, and in the latin regions, the No-hay-igual remix with Calle 13 was released, and it was ranked in the top forty of the latin music chart... In the latin region, the No-hay-igual remix with Calle 13 was released, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, the No-hay-igual remix with Calle 13 was released, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, the No-hay-igual remix with Calle 13 was released, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, no-hay-igual remix with Calle 13 was released, and the video debuted in september... in the Latin region, the No-hay-igual remix with Calle 13 was released, and the video debuted in september... in the Latin region, the No-hay-igual remix with Calle 13 was released, and the video debuted in september... in the Latin region, the No-hay-igual remix with Calle 13 was released, and the video debuted in september... in the Latin region, the No-hay-igual remix with Calle 13 was released, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, no-hay-igual remix with Calle 13 was released, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, no-hay-igual remix with Calle 13 was released, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, no-hay-igual remix with Calle 13, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, no-hay-igual remix In the latin region, the No Hay Igual remix with Calle 13 was released, and the video debuted in september... In the latin region, the No Hay Igual remix with Calle 13 was released, and the video debuted in september... In the latin region, the No Hay Igual remix with Calle 13 was released, and the video debuted in september... In the latin region, the No Hay Igual remix with Calle 13 was released, and the video debuted in september... In Europe, the No Hay Igual remix with Calle 13 was released, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, the No Hay Igual remix with Calle 13 was released, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, the No Hay Igual remix with Calle 13 was released, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, the No Hay Igual remix with Calle 13 was released, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, the No Hay Igual remix with Calle 13 was released, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, the No Hay Igual remix with Calle 13 was released, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, no Hay Igual remix with Calle 13, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, no Hay Igual remix with Calle 13, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, no Hay Igual remix with Calle 13, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, no Hay Igual remix with Calle 13, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, no Hay Igual remix with Calle 13, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, no Hay Igual remix with Calle 13, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, no Hay Igual remix with Calle 13, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, no Hay Igual remix with Calle 13, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, no Hay Igual remix with Calle 13, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, no Hay Igual remix with Calle 13, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, no Hay Igual remix with Calle 13 and the video debuted in “No Hay Igual” was released in Europe and the video debuted in september... In the latin region the No Hay Igual” remix with Calle 13 was released and the video debuted in september... In the latin region the No Hay Igual remix with Calle 13 was released, and the video debuted in september... In the latin region the No Hay Igual remix with Calle 13 was released, and the video debuted in september... In the latin region the No Hay Igual remix with Calle 13 was released, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, no Hay Igual remix with Calle 13, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, no Hay Igual remix with Calle 13, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, no Hay Igual remix with Calle 13, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, no Hay Igual remix with Calle 13, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, no Hay Igual remix with Calle 13, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, no Hay Igual remix with Calle 13, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, no Hay Igual remix with Calle 13, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, no Hay Igual remix with Calle 13, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, no Hay Igual remix with Calle 13, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, no Hay Igual remix with Calle 13, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, no Hay Igual remix with Calle 13, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, no Hay Igual remix with Calle 13, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, no Hay Igual remix with Calle 13, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, no Hay Igual remix with Calle 13, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, no Hay Igual remix with Calle 13, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, no Hay Igual remix with Calle 13, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, no Hay Igual remix with Calle 13, and the video debuted in september... in Europe, no Hay Then he said, she hoped to have chris martin, juanes, justin timberlake, Timbaland, and calling artist on the tour. She hoped to have chris martin, juanes, justin timberlake, Timbaland, and some of the other performing artists. He then went on to say that she would be happy to have chris martin, juanes, justin timberlake, Timbaland, and the other performing artists, if she liked. Afterwards, the album stayed at the top of the charts till late january 2007, when it reached number one for two weeks. Then he said that she would be glad to have chris martin, juanes, Justin Timberlake, Timbaland and the other performers. Then he said that she would be glad to have chris martin, Justin Timberlake, Timbaland and the other performers if she liked. The album debuted at number one on the us billboard 200, making it furtado’s first album to top the chart, with first-week sales of 219, 000. It was certified platinum by the record industry association of America (riaa) and ranked sixty-fourth on the chart for the 2005 year ending... He then said that she would be glad to have chris martin, juanes, Justin Timberlake, Timbaland, and other musicians. Then he said that she would be glad to have chris martin, juanes, Justin Timberlake, and the other performers. Then he said that she would be glad to have chris martin, juanes, Justin Timberlake, and other performers if she liked. It was the first album of furtado to hit the top of the charts, and it was the first week of its release, at two weeks, and had sold a total of 219, 000. Then he said that she would be glad to have chris martin, Justin Timberlake, and the other performers. The album was certified platinum by the Record Industry Association (RIA), and was ranked sixty-fourth in the catalog for the year ending on... in the United Kingdom, loose was in the top five of the Albums, in the forty-six-third week, and in the fifth week it reached the top four, and the double platinum rating was given for shipments to retailers of more than 600, 600, 000 copies. “Then he said she would like chris martin, juanes, Justin timberlake, Timbaland and other performers. He said she would like chris martin, juanes, Justin timberlake, Timbaland, and other musicians. He said that she would like chris martin, juanes, Justin timberlake, and other performers. Then he said she would like chris martin, juanes, Justin timberlake, and the other performers. The album hit the charts in the first week of its release, two weeks ago, and had sold 219, 000. It was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association (RIA) and ranked sixty-fourth in the catalog for the year ending on... The album was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association (RIA) and was ranked sixty-fourth in the catalog for the year ending on... the album entered the germany charts at number one, spent a record forty-six-three weeks in the german top ten, and was certified five times platinum. Then he said that she would be glad to have chris martin, juanes, Justin Timberlake, and the other performers if she liked. Then he said that she would be glad to have chris martin, Justin Timberlake, and the other performers. Then he said that she would be glad to have chris martin, Justin Timberlake, and the other performers. The record was certified platinum by the RIA, and was ranked sixty-fourth in the catalog for the year ending on... The album entered the charts in germany at number one, spent forty-six-months in the german top ten, and was certified five times platinum. And it was in the top 100 of the world in early 2007 that the band won the European album charts and spent ten consecutive weeks at the top of the charts. In March 2007 it had been certified gold or platinum in twenty-five countries. But in the beginning of 2007, the band took the top spot in the world, and the European albums charted for ten consecutive weeks. The result was a 71-point score on the website metacritic.com. That year the band became certified gold or platinum in twenty-five countries.... Allmusic and musicomh called it the “refreshing” effect of Timbaland’s music on furtado’s music, and the minister of the music called it “quirky, smart, and surprising.” But in the beginning of 2007, the band found itself a first-place band in the world, and the European albums charted for ten consecutive weeks. In March 2007 it was certified gold or platinum in twenty-five countries. Allmusic and musicomh called this the "freshing" effect of Timbaland's music on furtado's music, and the minister of music called it "quirky, intelligent and surprising." In its review, allmusic wrote: " At this last point the furtado and timbaland partnership seems to be a true collaboration, sticking to the nelly of her first two albums, but with an adventurous production that allows the songs to be opened up... " kelefa sanneh of the New York Times wrote: "The music and lyrics are mostly aimed at the dance floor, but this album reminds listeners that the dancefloor is one of the most complicated places on earth... " in its review of the album allmusic wrote: "It's in this final stretch of the album that the furtado and timbaland partnership seems like a genuine collaboration, keeping the nelly of the first two albums, but it's a sly production that opens up the songs... This year the band was certified gold or platinum in twenty-five countries. In the early months of 2007, the band gained a position in the world and for ten consecutive weeks was at the top of the charts. In March 2007, it was certified gold or platinum in twenty-five countries. Allmusic and musicomh called this the “freshing” effect of Timbaland’s music on furtado’s music, and the minister of music called it “quirky, intelligent, and surprising.”... kelefa sanneh of the New York Times wrote: “The music and lyrics are mostly focused on the dance floor, but this album reminds us that the dancefloor is one of the most complicated places on earth.” In March 2007, the band had been certified gold or platinum in twenty-five countries. In its review of the album, allmusic wrote: “It is in this last part of the album that the furtado and timbaland collaboration seems to be a true collaboration, preserving the nelly of the first two albums, but with an unrestrained production that opens up the songs... ” kelefa sanneh of the New York Times wrote: “The music and lyrics are most directed towards the dance floor, but this album reminds the listener that the dancefloor is one of the most complicated places on earth... “ In the review, allmusic wrote: “It’s at this point that the furtado and timbaland partnership seems to be a true collaboration, staying true to the nelly of the first two albums, but with a sly production that opens up the songs... In the early months of 2007, the band gained a place in the world and for ten consecutive weeks was at the top. In March 2007, it was certified gold or platinum in twenty-five countries. In the review, allmusic wrote: “At this point the furtado and timbaland collaboration seems to be a true collaboration, with the nelly of the first two albums, but with an adventurous production that opens the songs... ” In the review, allmusic wrote: “It is in this last part of the album that the furtado and timbaland partnership seem to be a real collaboration, with the nelly of the first two albums, but with a clever production that opens the songs... ” kelefa sanneh of the New York Times wrote: “The music and lyrics are mainly focused on the dance floor, but this album reminds the listener that the dance floor is one of the most complicated places on earth... “ in the review of the album allmusic wrote: “The last part of the album, the furtado and timbaland collaboration seems to be a real collaboration, preserving the nelly of the first two albums, but with a sly production that opens the songs... ”In the review, allmusic wrote: “The last part of the album, the furtado and timbaland collaboration seems to be a true collaboration, maintaining the nelly of the first two albums, but with an adventurous production that opens the songs... ” in the review, kelefa sanneh wrote: “The music and lyrics are most focused on the dance floor, but this album reminds us that the dancefloor is one of the most complicated places on earth...” – “fado” says, “the melody and lyrics are most focused on the dance floor, but this album reminds us that the dancefloor is one of the most complicated places on earth...” - In the review, allmusic writes: “The last part of the album the furtado and timbaland partnership seems to be a true collaboration, staying true to the nelly of the first two albums, but with an adventurous sound that opens up the songs...” In the early months of 2007, the band won the European album charts and spent ten consecutive weeks at the top. In March 2007, it was certified gold or platinum in twenty-five countries. In the review, allmusic wrote: “The last part of the album, furtado and timbaland seems to be a real collaboration, keeping the nelly of the first two albums, but with an adventurous production that opens the songs.” In the review, allmusic wrote: “The last part of the album, furtado and timbaland seems to be a true collaboration, maintaining the nelly of the first two albums, but with an adventurous production that opens the songs.” Allmusic and timbaland called this “refreshing” effect of Timbaland’s music on furtado’s music, and the minister of music called it “refreshing, intelligent, and surprising.” In the early months of 2007, the band won the European music charts and spent ten consecutive weeks at the top. In March 2007, it was certified gold or platinum in twenty-five countries. In the first months of 2007, the band took the top place in the world and for ten consecutive weeks stood at the top. In March 2007, it was certified gold or platinum in twenty-five countries. In the review, allmusic wrote: “The last half of the album, the furtado and timbaland partnership seems to be a true collaboration, sticking to the nelly of the first two albums, but with a clever production that opens the songs...” In the review, kelefa sanneh wrote: “The music and lyrics are most focused on the dance floor, but this album reminds the listener that the dancefloor is one of the most complicated places on earth... ” In the review, allmusic wrote: “It is in this last segment of the album that the furtado and timbaland partnership seems to be a real collaboration, maintaining the nelly of the first two albums, but with a sly production that opens the songs... ” There were a number of people who claimed furtado’s change was natural, as it were, of a singer’s style; others thought she’d ‘lacked the touch’ in order to be able to get the last word, particularly since her second album had been a failure, especially since its first release. According to Maclean’s Magazine, some said that furtado’s transformation was the natural progression of a pop singer; others claimed that she had “cracked up” to gain the attention of record companies, particularly after her second album had been a commercial failure in comparison with her first. Maclean’s magazine said that her alteration ‘feels a little forced’ and compared her with singers such as Madonna and Emily haines of metric: ‘they seem completely in control, even a little intimidating in their sexuality; they’ve a calculated decision made for commercial and feminist reasons... Then there were some who claimed that furtado’s change was natural, as it were, of a singer’s style; others believed she had lacked the touch to deliver the last word, especially since her second album had been a commercial failure, and the first one. According to Maclean’s Magazine, some claimed that furtado’s change was a natural progression of a singer; others claimed that she had “cracked up” to gain the attention of record companies, particularly after her second album had been a commercial failure in comparison with her first. Maclean’s Magazine said that her change “feels a little forced” and compared her with singers like Madonna and Emily haines of metric: “they seem to be in control, even a little intimidating in their sexuality; they have a calculated decision, purely commercial and feminist... There were a lot of people who claimed furtado's change was natural, as it were, of a singer's style; others believed she was "ill-prepared" to deliver the last word, especially since her second album had been a commercial failure and the first one. According to Maclean's Magazine, some said that furtado's change was natural, as it were, of a singer's style; others claimed she had lacked the touch to deliver the last word, especially since her second album had been a commercial failure, and the first one. Some said that furtado's change was natural, as it were, of a singer's style; others said that she had "lacked the touch" to deliver the last word, especially since her second album was a commercial failure and the first one. It was said that her change "feels a little forced" and compared it with singers like Madonna and Emily haines of metric: "they seem in control, even a little intimidating in their sexuality; they make a calculated decision, purely commercial and feminist.... " The writer also attacked furtado's discussion of her waist and apparent rejection of feminism in a sketch from the German magazine : " girls, do you hear the hum? " the writer wrote in a new article in the paper of the enzyme that the new "highly sexualized" image of the singer was being made and said: "you see, girls, do you hear this squealing? " There were many people who said furtado's transformation was natural, as it were, of a singer's style; others said that she had "lacked" to deliver the last word, especially since her second album was a commercial failure and the first. According to Maclean's Magazine, some said that furtado's change was natural, as it were, of a singer's style; others said that she "lacked" to deliver the last word, especially since her second album was a commercial failure and the first one. According to the magazine, some said that furtado's change was natural, as it were, of a singer; others said that she "lacked" to deliver the last word, especially since her second album was a commercial failure and the first one. Moreover, some claimed that furtado's change was natural, as it were, of a singer's style; others said that she "lacked" to deliver the last word, especially since her second album was a commercial failure and the first one. Then, there were people who claimed that furtado's change was natural, as it were, of a singer's style; others said that she "lacked" to deliver the last word, especially since her second album was a commercial failure and the first one. a writer from the Canadian telecommunications corporation said that cynics could attribute furtado's success to her "out of the blue" sex. - - the writer added that the failure of janet jackson's album damita jo (2004) indicated that such a move was not infallible... The writer also said that furtado's change was natural, as it were, of a singer's style; others said that she "lacked the touch" to deliver the last word, especially since her second album was a commercial failure and the first. According to Maclean's Magazine, some said that furtado's change was natural, as it were, of a singer's style; others said that she "lacked the touch" to deliver the last word, especially since her second album was a commercial failure and the first one. The writer also attacked furtado's discussion of her waist and the apparent rejection of women in a sketch from the German magazine: "do you hear the roar?" Maclean's magazine said that his change "felt forced" and compared it to singers like Madonna and Emily haines of metric: "They seem to be completely in control, even a little intimidating in their sexuality; they make a calculated decision, purely commercial and feminist. Moreover, some said that furtado's change was natural, as it were, of a singer; others said that she "lacked" to deliver the last word, especially since her second album was a commercial failure and the first. According to Maclean's magazine, some said that furtado's change was natural, as it were, of a singer; others said that she "lacked" to deliver the last word, especially since her second album was a commercial failure and the first. Then there were people who said that furtado's change was natural, as it were, of a singer; others said that she "lacked" to deliver the last word, especially since her second album was a commercial failure and the first. There were many people who said that furtado's change was natural, as it were, of a singer; others said that she "lacked" to deliver the last word, especially since her second album was a commercial failure and the first. There were a lot of people who said furtado's transformation was natural, as it were, of a singer; others said she "lacked the touch" to deliver the last word, especially since her second album was a commercial failure and the first one. According to Maclean's magazine, some said that furtado's change was natural, as it were, of a singer; others said that she "lacked the touch" to deliver the last word, especially since her second album was a commercial failure and the first one. Besides, some said that furtado's change was natural, as it were, of a singer; others said that she "lacked the touch" to deliver the last word, especially since her second album was a commercial failure and the first. There were many people who said that furtado's change was natural, as it were, of a singer; others said that she "lacked" the last word, especially since her second album was a commercial failure and the first one. The writer said that furtado's change "felt forced" and compared it to singers like Madonna and Emily haines of metric: "they seem to be in control, even a little intimidating in their sexuality; they make a decision, purely commercial and feminist. According to Maclean's Magazine, some said that furtado's change was natural, as it were, as a singer; others said that she "lacked" the last word, especially since her second album was a commercial failure and the first. Moreover, some said that furtado's change was natural, as it were, as a singer; others said that she "lacked" the last word, especially since her second album was a commercial failure and the first. Then, some said that furtado's change was natural, as it were, as a singer; others said that she "lacked" the last word, especially since her second album was a commercial failure and the first. The writer wrote in a new article in the magazine d'Echo that the new "highly sexualized" image of the singer was "as is"; he said: "you see, do you hear the cries?" The writer So there were a lot of people who claimed that furtado’s transformation was natural, as it were, of a singer; others said that she had “lack of feeling” to deliver the last word, especially since her second album was a commercial failure and the first. Moreover, some said that furtado’s change was natural, as it were, of a singer; others said that she “lack of feeling” to deliver the last word, especially since her second album was a commercial failure and the first. According to the magazine, some said that furtado’s change was natural, as it were, of a singer; others said that she “lack of feeling” to deliver the last word, especially since her second album was a commercial failure and the first. According to the magazine, some said that furtado’s change was natural, as it were, of a singer; others said that she “lack of feeling” to deliver the last word, especially since her second album was a commercial failure and the first. According to the magazine, some said that furtado’s change was natural, as it were, of a singer; others said that she “lack of feeling” to deliver the last word, especially since her second album was a commercial failure and the first. According to Maclean’s magazine, some said that furtado’s change was natural, as it were, of a singer; others said that she “lacks” to deliver the last word, especially since her second album was a commercial failure and the first. Some said that furtado’s change was natural, as it were, of a singer; others said that she “lacks” to deliver the last word, especially since her second album was a commercial failure and the first. Besides, some said that furtado’s change was natural, as it were, of a singer; others said that she “lacks” to deliver the last word, especially since her second album was a commercial failure and the first. The writer said in a new article in the magazine Echo that the new “Highly Sexualized” image of the singer was “as it was”, and he said: “Do you hear the cries?” the writer added that the ” Timbaland’s official announcement stated that the timbaland had composed a ringtone “Bubble Party” which he had been inspired by, and that he had taken the melody of the finnish music-gallery musician janne ‘tempest’, who had won the 2000 Old-Stage Music Competition. ” timbaland attributed the song to the record of c64’s adaptation of the song by glenn rune gallefoss (gr)... Timbaland's official statement stated that timbaland had composed a ringtone of ''Slothing Festival'' which he had inspired from, and that he had taken the melody of the afro-musican Janne tempest, who had won the 1999 Old-Stage Music Competition....   Timbaland attributed the song to the record of the C64 adaptation of the song by glenn rune gallefoss (gr)...  timbaland attributed the song to the record of c64's adaptation of the song by glenn rune gallefoss (gr)... " hannu sormunen, a representative of universal, which represents nelly furtado in finland, said in the article in the 15 january issue of iltalehti: "When the artist decides to go on to the American side, he must go to america to learn the law of the country, and will need a considerable amount of faith and money... " Timbaland’s official statement said that timbaland had composed a ringtone called ‘Firefest’ which he had inspired from, and that he had taken the lyric of afro-musican Janne tempest, who had won the 2000 Old Stage Music Competition. timbaland attributed the lyric to the C64 adaptation of the song by glenn rune gallefoss. timbaland attributed the lyric to the C64 adaptation of the song by Glenn Rune Gallefoss (gr). timbaland attributed the lyric to the C64 adaptation of the song by glenn rune gallefoss (gr). timbaland attributed the lyric to the C64 adaptation of the song by glenn rune gallefoss (gr)...... The part i can’t understand, the man trying to act as if he went to his house and took it from his computer... i don’t know him from a can of paint... - Timbaland's official announcement said that Timbaland had composed a ringtone called "Bubble Party" and that he had taken the melody of the French musician, janne "tempest", who had won the 2001 Old Stage Music Competition... timbaland attributed the lyric to the c64 adaptation of the song by Glenn Rune Gallefoss. timbaland attributed the lyric to the c64 adaptation of the song by Glenn Rune Gallefoss.... timbaland attributed the lyric to the c64 adaptation of the song by Glenn Rune Gallefoss... timbaland attributed the lyric to the c64 adaptation of the song by Glenn Rune Gallefoss..... done with a dirty-looking face, he speaks from a can of paint... - that's how you attack a king, you're gonna hit me......' Timbaland’s official statement said that Timbaland had composed a ring-tone called “Dragon-Dance” which he had inspired from, and that he had taken the lyric of the afro-musican Janne-tempest, who had won the 2000 Old-Stage Music Competition. ” The lyric was attributed to the c64 adaptation of the song by Glenn Rune Gallefoss... “The part I don’t understand, the one who tries to act as if he went to his house and took it from his computer... but he talks from a can of paint... ” The official statement said that timbaland had composed a ringtone called “Fire Fest” and that he had taken the lyric of afro-musican Janne tempest, who had won the 2001 Old Stage Music Competition... timbaland attributed the lyric to the C64 adaptation of the song by Glenn Rune Gallefoss....... timbaland attributed the lyric to the C64 adaptation of the song by Glenn Rune Gallefoss... timbaland attributed the lyric to the C64 adaptation of the song by Glenn Rune Gallefoss... timbaland attributed the lyric to the C64 adaptation of the song by Glenn Rune Gallefoss... timbaland attributed the lyric to the C64 adaptation of the song by Glenn Rune Gallefoss... Timbaland's official statement said that timbaland composed a ringtone called “Dragon-Dance”, and that he took the lyric of the French musician, janne-tempest, who won the 1999 Competition... timbaland attributed the lyric to the C64 adaptation of the song by Glenn Rune Gallefoss... in january 2008, the Turkish newspapers reported that kalan muzik, the label, which had released the turkish singer muhlis akarsu's album, yadiyadiyadiya, purged against furtado for the loose track "wait for you", which the label officials said was based on the instrumental part of akarsu's song "Alm allah allah desem gelsem" (from the loose note). - Timbaland attributed the lyric to the c64 adaptation of the song by Glenn Rune Gallefoss... - - - - - - - - - - - timbaland attributed the lyric to the c64 adaptation of the song by Glenn Rune Gallefoss... - - - He was credited with a ‘bug’; the lyric was attributed to the C64 adaptation of the song by Glenn Rune Gallefoss... timbaland attributed the lyric to the C64 adaptation of the song by Glenn Rune Gallefoss... timbaland attributed the lyric to the C64 adaptation of the song by Glenn Rune Gallefoss... Timbaland’s official statement said that Timbaland had composed a ‘bug’ ringtone, which he had inspired from, and had taken the lyric of afro-musican Janne tempest, who had won the 2001 Old Stage Music Competition... Timbaland attributed the lyric to the C64 adaptation of the song by Glenn Rune Gallefoss... The official statement said that Timbaland had composed a ringtone called ‘Bubble Party’, and that he had taken the lyric of afro-musican Janne tempest, who had won the 2000 Old Stage Music Competition. The official statement said that Timbaland had composed a ringtone called ‘Bobby Club’ and that he had taken the lyric of the French musician Janne tempest, who had won the 2000 Old Stage Music Competition. timbaland attributed the lyric to the c64 adaptation of the song by Glenn Rune Gallefoss. Timbaland attributed the lyric to the c64 adaptation of the song by Glenn Rune Gallefoss. Timbaland attributed the lyric to the c64 adaptation of the song by Glenn Rune Gallefoss... timbaland attributed the lyric to the c64 adaptation of the song by Glenn Rune Gallefoss. , which was the 92nd season of competitions, and the 77th season in the football league, a professional club based in york, north yorkshire england. It was their 17th place in 2012, which meant that they won the second season in the second league... The club was in its ninth season in the league, and the 77th in the league of football, a professional club in york, england. By the time of the season, a 17-point win was gained and they qualified for the play-offs, and were eliminated in the semi-finals by fleetwood. Nigel Worthington, who had only just started his first season as head coach of York, made eight permanent summer-signings. In the league they finished in 17th place, which meant that they had won the second season of the league... The club was in its ninth year in the league and 77th in the league of football, a professional club from York, England. It was their 17th place in 2012, which meant that they had won the second season in the league. It was their 17th place in 2012, which meant that they had won the second season in the league... The club was in its ninth year in the league, and the 77th in the league of football, a professional club from York, England. With their league win they qualified for the play-offs, and were eliminated in the semi-finals by fleetwood. In the league they finished in 17th place, which meant that they had won the second season... defender ben davies had not missed five of the fifty or fifty professional matches that were played during the season. It was their 17th place in 2012, which meant that they had won the second season... The club was in its ninth year in the league, and 77th in the league of football, a professional club from York, England. In the league, they were 17th, which meant that they had won the second season... The club was in its ninth year in the league, and the 77th in the league of football, a professional club in York, England. The club was in its ninth year in the league and 77th in the league of football, a professional club in York, England. In the league, a 17-point victory was secured, and they were qualified for the play-offs, and were eliminated in the semi-finals by fleetwood. The winner of the clubman of the year, voted by the supporters, was lanre oyebanjo. defender ben davies had not missed five of the fifty or fifty professional matches during the season. It was their 17th position in 2012, which meant that they won the second season of the league. The club was in its ninth year in the league, and the 77th in the league of football, a professional club in York, England. The club was in its ninth year in the league, and the 77th in the league of football, a professional club in York, England. It was the 17th place in 2012, which meant that they won the second season of the league. The club was in its ninth year in the league, and the 77th in the league of football, a professional club in York, England. In the league they finished in 17th place, which meant that they won the second season... In the league, they won the second season, and they were eliminated in the semi-finals by fleetwood. In the league, they were 17th place, which meant that they won the second season... In the league, they were 17th place, which meant that they won the second season... In the league, they were 17th place, which meant that they won the second season... The club was in its ninth year, and 77th in the league of football, a professional club in York, England. Despite having three matches left, worthington led the team to safety from relegation, and took the team to the last day of the season. Nigel Worthington, who had just started as head coach of York, made eight permanent summer positions. The winner of the officer of the year voted by the supporters was lanre oyebanjo. It was the seventeenth year of the league, which meant that they won the second season. It was the seventeenth year of the league, which meant that they won the second season. The club was in its ninth year and the 77th year of the football league, a professional club from York, England. It was the seventeenth year of the league, which meant that they won the second season. It was the seventeenth year of the league, which meant that they won the second season. It was the seventeenth year of the league, which meant that they won the second season. The club was in its ninth year and the 77th year of the football league, a professional club from York, England. The club was in its ninth year in the league and 77th in the football league, a professional club from York, England. The club was in its ninth year in the league and the 77th in the football league, a professional club from York, England. In the league they were 17th, which meant that they won the second season... In the league they were 17th, which meant that they won the second season... In the league they were 17th, which meant that they won the second season... In the league they were 17th, which meant that they won the second season... The club was in its ninth year in the league and the 77th in the football league, a professional club from York, England. Ben Davies did not miss five of the fifty or fifty professional matches that were played during the season. In the league they were 17th, which meant that they won the second season... The club was in its ninth year in the league and the 77th in the football league, a professional club from York, England. The club was in its ninth year in the league and the 77th in the football league, a professional club from York, England. The club was in its ninth year in the league and the 77th in the football league, a professional club from York, England. smith signed new contracts with the club. The new players were defender chris kettings on a season-long loan from Blackpool, defender ben davies on a season-long loan from preston, defenders craig clay from chesterfield and lewis montrose from gillingham, winger sander puri from st mirren, strikers ryan bowman from hereford united, richard cresswell from sheffield united, wes fletcher from tavern, and ryan jarvis from torquay united. The new players were defender chris kettings on a season-long loan from Blackpool, defender ben davies on a season-long loan from preston, defenders craig clay from chesterfield and lewis montrose from gillingham, winger sander puri from st mirren, strikers ryan bowman from hereford united, richard cresswell from sheffield united, wes fletcher from tavern, and ryan jarvis from torquay united. smith signed a new contract with the club. The new players were defender chris kettings on a season-long loan from Blackpool, defender ben davies on a season-long loan from preston, defenders craig clay from chesterfield and lewis montrose from gillingham, winger sander puri from st mirren, strikers ryan bowman from hereford united, richard cresswell from sheffield united, wes fletcher from tavern, and ryan jarvis from torquay united. The new players were defender chris kettings on a season-long loan from Blackpool, defender ben davies on a season-long loan from preston, defenders craig clay from chesterfield and lewis montrose from gillingham, winger sander puri from St. Mirren, strikers ryan bowman from hereford united, richard cresswell from sheffield united, wes fletcher from tavern, and ryan jarvis from torquay united. The new players were defender chris kettings on a season-long loan from Blackpool, defender ben davies on a season-long loan from preston, defenders craig clay from chesterfield and lewis montrose from gillingham, winger sander puri from st mirren, shitters ryan bowman from hereford united, richard cresswell from sheffield united, wes fletcher from tavern, ryan jarvis from torquay united. The new players were defender chris kettings on a season-long loan from Blackpool, defender ben davies on a season-long loan from preston, shitters craig clay from chesterfield and lewis montrose from gillingham, shitters ryan bowman from hereford united, richard cresswell from sheffield united, wes fletcher from tavern, and ryan jarvis from torquay united. Those new players were defender chris kettings on a season-long loan from Blackpool, defender ben davies on a season-long loan from preston, defenders craig clay from chesterfield and lewis montrose from gillingham, winger sander puri from St. Mirren, strikers ryan bowman from hereford united, richard cresswell from sheffield united, wes fletcher from tavern, and ryan jarvis from Torquay. The new players were defender chris kettings on a season-long loan from Blackpool, defender ben davies on a season-long loan from preston, defenders craig clay from chesterfield and lewis montrose from gillingham, winger sander puri from st mirren, shitters ryan bowman from hereford united, richard cresswell from sheffield united, wes fletcher from tavern, ryan jarvis from Torquay. Those new players were defender chris kettings on a season-long loan from Blackpool, defender ben davies on a season-long loan from preston, shitters ryan bowman from chesterfield and lewis montrose from gillingham, winger sander puri from St. mirren, shitters ryan bowman from hereford, richard cresswell from sheffield, wes fletcher from tavern, and ryan jarvis from Torquay. Those new players were defender chris kettings on a season-long loan from Blackpool, defender ben davies on a season-long loan from preston, defenders craig clay from chesterfield and lewis montrose from gillingham, winger sander puri from St Mirren, strikers ryan bowman from hereford united, richard cresswell from sheffield united, wes fletcher from tavern, and ryan jarvis from Torquay. Andrqvy came into force. He signed a new contract with the club. The new players were defender chris kettings on a season-long loan from Blackpool, defender ben davies on a season-long loan from preston, defenders craig clay from chesterfield and lewis montrose from gillingham, winger sander puri from st mirren, winger sander puri from st mirren, winger sander puri from st mirren, shitters ryan bowman from hereford united, richard cresswell from sheffield united, wes fletcher from tavern, ryan jarvis from torquay. Those new players were defender chris kettings on a season-long loan from Blackpool, defender ben davies on a season-long loan from preston, defenders craig clay from chesterfield and lewis montrose from gillingham, winger sander puri from St. mirren, shitters ryan bowman from hereford, richard cresswell from sheffield, wes fletcher from tavern, and ryan jarvis from Torquay. The new players were defender chris kettings on a season-long loan from Blackpool, defender ben davies on a season-long loan from preston, defenders craig clay from chesterfield and lewis montrose from gillingham, winger sander puri from st mirren, shitters ryan bowman from hereford united, richard cresswell from sheffield united, wes fletcher from tavern, and ryan jarvis from Torquay. Those new players were defender chris kettings on a season-long loan from Blackpool, defender ben davies on a season-long loan from preston, defenders craig clay from chesterfield and lewis montrose from gillingham, If you want a new contract, he can stay on with a new deal until the end of the year, and sheffield united player elliott whitehouse signed on a one-month contract.... And sheffield United midfielder elliott whitehouse signed a one-year contract. He played his first game for mansfield in the second minute of his debut, but the home side scored twice and won, 2-1. And player elliott whitehouse signed a one-year contract... And he played his first game for mansfield, but the home team scored twice and won, 2-1.... - defender luke o' neill was signed from burnley on a 28-day loan.... york scored their first win since the opening day of the season when they beat portsmouth, 4–2 at home, with fletcher, montrose, and jarvis scoring. If you want a new contract, he can remain in his current position till the end of the year. And sheffield United midfielder elliott whitehouse signed a one-month contract... And he played his first game for mansfield, but the home team scored twice and won, 2-1... York were eliminated from the championship, at home, by league one team rotherham, before their winning streak in the league was shattered by a 3–0 defeat to newport county. The players of rotherham, rotherham United and rotherham United, had defeated the league for the second round, when they had won 3–0 against torquay, which was the team ’s first win of the season. And player luke o’ neill was signed from Burnley on a 30-day loan... York had won their first league game since the opening day of the season when they had beat portsmouth, 4–2, with fletcher, montrose, and jarvis scoring twice. And he scored for mansfield, but the home team scored twice and won, 2-1. And he signed a one-year contract... And he played for mansfield, but the home team scored twice and won, 2-1. And he scored his first game for mansfield, but the home team scored twice and won, 2-1... And he played his first game for mansfield, but the home team scored twice and won, 2-1. And he signed for mansfield, but the home team scored twice and won, 2-1. York were eliminated from the championship at home by league one team rotherham, when they lost 3–0 against torquay, which was the team's first win of the season. And defender luke o' neill was signed from Burnley on a 30-day loan... And he played his first game for mansfield, but the home team scored twice and won, 2-1. And sheffield United midfielder luke o' neill signed a one-year contract... And he played his first game for mansfield, but the home team scored twice and won, 2-1... When he needs a new contract, he can stay in the same position till the end of the year, and sheffield United midfielder luke o’neill signed a one-year contract... York won their first league game since the opening day of the season, when they beat Port-Smouth, 4–2, with fletcher, montrose and jarvis. And he scored for mansfield, but the home team scored twice and won, 2-1... York had won their first league game since the opening day of the season, when they had defeated Port-Smouth, 4–2 at home, with fletcher, Montrose and jarvis scoring twice. And he scored for mansfield, but the home team scored twice and won, 2-1. And he played for Mansfield, but the home team scored twice and won, 2-1. And he played for mansfield, but the home team scored twice and won, 2-1. York were knocked out of the league at home by league one team rotherham, when they lost 3–0 at torquay, which was the team’s first win of the season. And defender luke o’ neill was signed from Burnley on a 30-day loan. And he signed a one-year contract... And he played for mansfield, but the home team scored twice and won, 2-1. And he scored for mansfield, but the home team scored twice and won, 2-1... And he played for mansfield, but the home team scored twice and won, 2-1... And he played for mansfield, but the home team scored twice and won, 2-1... York was eliminated from the league by league one team rotherham when they lost 3–0 to torquay, which was the team’s first win of the season. plymouth home to plymouth argyle, which was the first goal the visitors had conceded in the course of 500 minutes. However, plymouth had a breakthrough eleven minutes later, thanks to Téna obadeyi, and the game was ended 1 – 1. york lost the fib at home, losing 3 – 2 at home to the bristol rovers in a first round replay. The visitors were 3 – 0 ahead of bristol, but a penalty and a long-range strike from fletcher brought york back to the net with a strike. They would lead plymouth home to plymouth argyle, which was the first goal the visitors had conceded in the course of 500 minutes. plymouth would not win at home and lost, 3-2, at home, to the bristol rovers, in a first round replay. Despite this, plymouth had a counterattack from a penalty and a long-range strike from fletcher, and the match ended 1–1 in favor of the visitors. They played in York’s first league defeat in four weeks, 2–1 against Southend United. Kevan hurst gave southend the lead at the start of the game, and Bowman had the match-winner and left the net with a low strike, while luke prosser scored the winning goal for the home side in stoppage time. On the first of the week, the victors lost the game, 3–2 to the bristol rovers, in the first round of the first round. But the visitors would have been better off if they had pushed the ball forward at least ten minutes; but the defenders were able to throw back the ball at the very first moment and they were again made to pay. With Peter obedient in the end, kettings returned to Blackpool on his own, although his loan agreement would be locked until january 2014. They played in York’s first league defeat in four weeks, a 2–1 defeat to Southend United. Kevan hurst had given Southend the lead at the beginning of the game, and Bowman had won the game and put a low shot in the net, while luke prosser struck for the home side at half-past half-time. After pope had been given the preference of the goalkeeper aaron mcCarey was transferred to the borough of hamburg indefinitely. However, plymouth had a counterattack from a penalty and a long-range strike from fletcher, and the match ended 1–1 in favor of the visitors. At home, plymouth were unlucky and lost, 3-2, at home to the bristol rovers in a first-round replay. Now the dukes had been ejected from the league for four weeks, and had been forced to give up their contract to run on until the end of January. York was now going to be in the first division in four weeks, but they had a 2–1 draw with rochdale, a 2–2 draw with leche luton. Despite that, plymouth had a counterattack from a penalty and a long-range strike from fletcher, and the game ended 1–1 in favor of the visitors. In the first round of the league, plymouth lost the game, 3–2 at home to the bristol rovers, in a first division replay. However, plymouth had a key moment in the game, thanks to Téna obadeyi, and the game ended 1–1 at the end. On the first round of the league, the victors lost the game, 3–2 at home, to the bristol rovers in a first division replay. However, plymouth had a counterattack from a penalty and a long-range strike from fletcher, and the match ended 1–1 in favour of the visitors. It was a four-week league defeat for York, a 2–1 defeat at Southend United. Kevan hurst had led Southend at the beginning of the game, and Bowman had won the game and dropped a low shot in the net, while Luke prosser struck for the home side at half-past half-time. At home, plymouth were unlucky and lost, 3-2, at home, to the bristol rovers in a first-round replay. It was York's first league defeat in four weeks, a 2–1 defeat to Southend United. Kevanhurst led Southend at the beginning of the game, and Bowman had won the game and dropped a low shot into the net, while Luke prosser struck for the home side at half-past half-time. At the first round of the league, plymouth lost, 3–2 at home, to the bristol rovers, in a first-round replay. In the first-round, plymouth lost, 3–2 at home, to the bristol rovers in a first-round replay. But plymouth had a chance to take a penalty and a long-range strike from Fletcher, and the match ended 1–1 in favour of the visitors. After a fit reception by the general manager, aaron mcCarey was transferred to the borough of hamburg. They were beaten 0–0 at home, with oxford united, in which carson put his mark blazing through the face of the goal. But plymouth had a big moment in the game, thanks to Téna obadeyi, and the game ended 1–1 in favour of the visitors. The first round of the league, the victors lost the game, 3–2 at home, to the bristol rovers, in a first round replay. On the first day of the week the victors lost, 3–2 at home, to the rovers in a first round replay. In the first round of the league, plymouth were unlucky and lost, 3–2 at home, to the bristol rovers, in a first round replay. Kevanhurst had led Southend at the start of the game, and Bowman had scored the winner and left the net with a low strike, while Luke prosser struck for the home side at half-past half-time. But plymouth had a defining moment in the game, thanks to Téna obadeyi, and the game ended 1–1 at the end. On the first round of the league, plymouth lost, 3–2 at home to the bristol It was York’s first league defeat in four weeks, a 2–1 defeat at Southend United. Kevanhurst had given Southend the lead at the beginning of the game, and Bowman had scored the winner and dropped a low shot into the net, while Luke prosser had scored the winner for the home side at half-past-half. The visitors had been three points ahead of bristol, but the visitors could not press the ball forward for ten minutes, but the defenders were able to throw the ball back at the first instant and they were made to pay. At the first round of the league plymouth lost 3–2 at home to the bristol rovers in a first round replay. But plymouth had a chance to take a penalty and a long-range strike from Fletcher, and the match ended 1–1 in favour of the visitors. At home plymouth had a fagacious chance to take a penalty and a long-range strike from Fletcher, and the match ended 1–1 in favour of the visitors. At home plymouth had a bad night and lost, 3–2 at home, to the bristol rovers in a first-round replay. The first-round replay, however, was conducted by the rovers, and in the first-round replay plymouth lost 3–2 at home to the rovers in a first-round replay. However, plymouth had a key moment in the game thanks to Téna obadeyi, and the game ended 1–1 in favor of the visitors. In the first-round replay, plymouth lost, 3–2 at home, to the rovers, in a first-round replay. Kevanhurst had led Southend at the start of the game, and Bowman had won the game and had dropped a low shot into the net, while Luke prosser had struck for the home side at half-past half-time. The rovers had won the game, and lost, 3-2, at home, to the rovers, in a first-round replay. On the first-round of the season, plymouth lost, 3–2 at home, to the rovers in The home team had gone two - 0 ahead by the 19th - - minute, when michael coulson scored the goal in the 73rd - - minute... a result which meant that York would enter the year in the 22nd - - minute position, a position which is below the relegation zone... The home team had gone two - 0 ahead of the first half when michael coulson scored in the 73rd - m... that meant that York would enter the year in the 22nd - m position, which is below the relegation zone... mccarey was recalled by the Wolverhampton Wanderers because of a injury to one of their keepers, and o' neill was recalled by burnley to take part in their fa cup game.... York won back to back wins for the first time since October 2013 after dagenham and redbridge were defeated 3 - 1 at home, and bowman opened the scoring in the second half, then fletcher scored twice. The home team had gone two-0 ahead of the first half when michael coulson scored in the 73rd minute... This result meant that York would enter the year in the 22nd minute, which is below the relegation zone... Davies’ loan was extended, while brobbel and whitehouse were transferred back to their parent clubs. And for the first time since October 2013, York won back to back, after dagenham and redbridge had lost three-way at home, and bowman opened the scoring in the second half, then fletcher scored twice. – The club captain russell penn, a midfielder, was signed for two - and - @ and - @ a - @ half - year contract for an undisclosed fee. – Lowe was then permanently resigned from cheltenham on a two - and - and - @ a half - year contract for an undisclosed fee. And for the first time since October 2013, York had won back to back after dagenham and redbridge had lost three-way at home, and bowman opened the scoring in the second half, and fletcher scored twice. Lowe was then permanent resigned from cheltenham on a two-and-and-and-and-and-a-half-year contract for an undisclosed fee. The home team had gone two-and-a-half to the first half when michael coulson scored in the 73rd minute..., which meant that York would enter the year in the 22nd minute, which is below the relegation zone... Davies was extended, and brobbel and whitehouse were transferred back to their parent clubs. York won back to back for the first time since October 2013, after Dagenham and Redbridge had lost three-way at home, and the defender made three-and-a-half goals, and then fletcher made three-and-a-half... York, for the first time since October 2013, won back to back, after dagenham and redbridge had lost three-way at home, and the defender made two-and-a-half goals, and fletcher scored twice... Lowe was then permanently resigned from the club, on a two-and-a-half-year contract for an undisclosed fee... Since then, York won back to back, first time since October 2013, when dagenham and redbridge were defeated three-way at home, and the defender made a great impression in the second half, and fletcher scored twice in the third. The home team went two-0 ahead of the first half when michael coulson scored in the 73rd minute... This result meant that York would enter the year in the 22nd minute, below the relegation zone. York won back to back for the first time since October 2013, when dagenham and redbridge lost three-way at home, and the defender scored three-and-a-half goals, and then fletcher scored twice. Then, for the first time since October 2013, York won back to back after dagenham and redbridge lost three-way at home, and the defender scored two-and-a-half goals, and fletcher scored twice. And the first time since October 2013, York won back to back after dagenham and redbridge lost three-way at home, and the defender scored two-and-a-half goals, and fletcher scored twice. The home team lost two-and-a-half in the first half, when michael coulson scored in the 73rd minute... This resulted in the 22nd minute, which is below the relegation zone. The winger Will hayhurst, a republic of Ireland under 21 international, was signed on a one-and-a-month loan. And for the first time since October 2013, York won back to back, after dagenham and redbridge had lost three-way at home, and the defender made two-and-a-half goals, and fletcher twice... Lowe was permanently resigned from the club, on a two-and-a-half-year contract for an undisclosed fee. And for the first time since October 2013, York won back to back, after dagenham and redbridge had lost three-way at home, and the defender made two-and-a-half goals, and fletcher scored twice. This was the first time since October 2013 that Dagenham and Redbridge had lost three-way at home, and the defender scored three-and-a-half goals, and then fletcher scored twice. The first time since October 2013, York had won back to back, after dagenham and redbridge had lost three-way at home, and the defender scored three-and-a-half goals, and fletcher scored twice. The home team had two-and-a-half ahead of the first half when michael coulson scored in the 73rd minute... This resulted in the 22nd minute, below the relegation zone. The first time since October 2013, York had won back to back, after dagenham and redbridge had lost three-way at home, and the defender scored two-and-a-half goals, and fletcher scored twice. Then, for the first time since October 2013, York had won back to back, after dagenham and redbridge had lost three-way at home, and the defender scored two-and-a-half goals, and fletcher scored twice. Lowe was permanently resigned from cheltenham, on a two-and-a-half-year contract for an undisclosed fee. Since then, York had won back to back, first time since October 2013, when dagenham and redbridge had lost three-way at home, and the defender scored two-and-a-half goals, and fletcher scored twice. And for the first time since October 2013, York won back to back after dagenham and redbridge had lost three-way at home, and the defender scored two-and-a-half goals, and fletcher scored twice. The home team lost two-and-a-half in the first half, when michael coulson scored in the 73rd minute. ... A little after the match smith left the club by mutual consent to pursue first team football... smith left the club, by mutual consent, to pursue first-team football..., and then, after the match, smith left the club, by mutual consent, to pursue first-team football... York then won 0–0 at home to fellow mid-tier team cheltenham, before beating plymouth 0–0 away with goals from fletcher, mccombe, and carson, enabling the team to win for the first time in 2013... “A little after the game smith left the club by mutual consent to go to the first team.... smith left the club, by mutual consent, to go to the first team..., and then, after the game, smith left the club, by mutual consent, to go to the first team... York had a win at home against fellow mid-tier club cheltenham, and had beaten plymouth 0–0 with goals from fletcher, mccombe and carson, to enable the team to win for the first time in 2013... smith left the club by mutual consent to go to the first team... smith left the club by mutual consent to go to the first team... and then, after the game, smith left the club by mutual consent to go to the first team... York had won a tussle against fellow mid-tier team cheltenham, and tussle against plymouth with goals from fletcher, mccombe and carson, to enable the team to win for the first time in 2013.... York won a tussle against fellow mid-tier club cheltenham, and had beaten plymouth 0–0 with goals from fletcher, mccombe and carson, enabling the team to win for the first time in 2013... In a 1–0 win over struggling portsmouth, coulson scored a low volley in the fifth minute; this result meant that york moved into the play-offs seventh-place with eight fixtures still to go... After the match, smith left the club by mutual consent to go to the first team... smith left the club by mutual consent to go to the first team... smith left the club by mutual consent to go to the first team... smith left the club by mutual consent to go to the first team... smith left the club by mutual consent to go to the first team... smith left the club by mutual consent to go to the first team... York won at home against fellow mid-tier club cheltenham and won at home against plymouth with goals from fletcher, mccombe and carson, enabling the team to win for the first time in 2013.... In the clinching 1–0 win over struggling portsmouth, coulson scored a low volley in the fifth minute. This result meant that the team was relegated to seventh place with eight matches to go. After the game, smith left the club by mutual consent to go to the first team... smith left the club by mutual consent to go to the first team... smith left the club by mutual consent to go to the first team... smith left the club by mutual consent to go to the first team... York won a tussle against fellow mid-tier club cheltenham and tussle against plymouth, enabling the team to win for the first time in 2013... a scorer named calvin andrew, who had been released by mansfield in january 2014, was given a contract for the remainder of the season. After the game smith left the club by mutual consent to go to the first team... smith left the club by mutual consent to go to the first team... smith left the club by mutual consent to go to the first team... smith left the club by mutual consent to go to the first team... smith left the club by mutual consent to go to the first team... smith left the club by mutual consent to go to the first team... smith left the club by mutual consent to go to the first team... smith left the club by mutual consent to go to the first team... smith left the club by mutual consent to go to the first team... smith left the club by mutual consent to go to the first team..., smith left the club by mutual consent to go to the first team...... a scorer named calvin andrew, released from mansfield in the january of 2014, was given a contract for the rest of the season.... In a 1–0 win over struggling portsmouth, coulson scored a low volley in the fifth minute. This result meant that the team was relegated to seventh place with eight matches to go... After the game, smith left the club by mutual consent to go to the first team... smith left the club by mutual consent to go to the first team... smith left the club by mutual consent to go to the first team... smith left the club by mutual consent to go to the first team... York won a tussle against fellow mid-tier club cheltenham and beat plymouth 0–0, to enable the team to win for the first time in 2013. the runs of consecutive wins ended in six matches, with a 0 – 0 draw at burton. This result saw York drop out of play at the play-offs in eighth place. In April, the pope made a number of saves, as the team held out against the league-leaders rochdale 0 – 0 in a draw with burton, and that result saw the team fall from play at the play-offs in eighth place. In April the pope made a few saves as the team held out against the league-leaders rochdale 0–0, and that result resulted in the team falling from play at the play-offs in eighth place. York consolidated their position at a play-off 0 in the draw with oxford, which was decided by a second half coulson penalty. This result saw York fall from play at the play-offs in eighth place. Despite their run of consecutive wins, York lost the game in six matches, and a 0–0 win over burton saw York moved one place above their opponents and up to seventh place. York gained a place in the play-offs play after beating bury 0–0 at home with a fifth 0–0 goal scored by lowe from a hayhurst corner. the run of consecutive wins ended in six matches, with a 0–0 draw with burton. This result saw York drop out of play at the play-offs. The pope made a few saves as the team held out against the league-leaders rochdale 0–0, and this resulted in the team falling out of play at the play-offs. York consolidated their position at play-off 0 in the draw with oxford, which was decided by a second half penalty by lowe. This result saw York fall out of play at the play-offs in eighth place. In April the pope made several saves as the team held out against the league-leaders rochdale 0–0, and that resulted in the team falling out of play at the play-offs. York earned a nomination for player of the month for april 2014, he had scored only one goal in five matches in that period. York lost the first leg at Bootham Crescent; the goal came from former york player matty blair in the 50th minute, who scored a close goal after antoni sarcevic's shot was snatched off the line. In April the pope made a few saves against the league-leaders rochdale, and that resulted in the team falling out of play at the final. In a single match, York lost six games, a 0–0 win over burton, which made York move one place above their opponents and one place above them. The season ended with a match against division-runners up scunthorpe, and after two losses, York fought back and won 2–2 with the goals of Brobbel and Andrew. This result meant that York finished the season in seventh place in the league, and would thus go fourth in the league. In April the pope made a few saves against the league-leaders rochdale, and that result resulted in the team falling out of play at the final. York lost 1–0 to fleetwood in the first leg at bootham crescent, which was played at Bootham Crescent. The goal was scored by former york player matty blair, who scored from close range after antoni Sarcevic ’s shot was blocked at the line. Despite their run of consecutive wins, York lost six games, and a 0–0 win over burton saw York move one place above their opponents and one place above them. York lost the first leg at Bootham Crescent; the goal came from the former york player matty blair, who scored a close goal after antoni Sarcevic's shot was blocked at the line. In April the pope made several saves against the league-leaders rochdale, and this resulted in the team falling out of play at the final. The pope made a few saves against the league-leaders rochdale, and this resulted in the team falling out of play at the final. In a single game York lost six games, a 0–0 win over burton, which saw York move one place above their opponents and one place above them. In April the pope made several saves against the league-leaders rochdale, and this resulted in the team falling out of play at the final. York won the first leg at Bootham Crescent; the goal was scored by former york player matty blair, who scored a close goal after Antoni Sarcevic’s shot was snatched from the line. This result meant that York finished the season in seventh place in the league, and thus placed fourth in the league. In the first leg, York lost 1–0 to fleetwood, which was played at Bootham Crescent, and the goal was scored by former york player matty blair, who scored a close goal after antoni Sarcevic’s shot was snatched off the line. In the second leg, York lost 1–0 to fleetwood, which meant that York were eliminated – The former earned only a 6 for the overall and finished in the sixth place.... at a meeting at the racetrack, oyebanjo was voted clubman of the year for 2013... - summary and aftermath... Isobel made a clean sweep in April, and by the time I had finished, he was in sixth place... Here is what happened... oyebanjo was elected clubman of the year at a meeting at the racetrack..., in a press conference, oyebanjo was elected clubman of the year 2013... . In the first half of the season, the team reached the top half of the table, and in the midst of one match left, it was in sixth place... There was an end to the season, and in the last five games they had left, they had been sixth. Isobel made a clean sweep in April, and by the time I was over he was in sixth place... Here is what happened: at a meeting at the racetrack, oyebanjo was elected clubman of the year... in a press conference oyebanjo was elected clubman of the year... at the meeting at the racetrack, oyebanjo was elected clubman of the year... in the morning, oyebanjo was elected clubman of the year at a meeting at the racetrack... at a press conference, oyebanjo was elected clubman of the year 2013...... In the first half of the season the team reached the top half of the table, and in the midst of only one match left it was in sixth place. The first half of the season reached the top half of the table, and in the midst of one match, it was in sixth place. In the first half of the season, the team reached the top half of the table, and in the midst of one match it was in sixth place. In the first half of the season, the team reached the top half of the table, and in the midst of only one match, it was in sixth place. In the morning, oyebanjo was elected clubman of the year at a meeting at the racetrack... at a meeting at the racetrack, oyebanjo was elected clubman of the year... in the morning, oyebanjo was elected clubman of the year at a meeting at the racetrack... at a meeting at the racetrack, oyebanjo was elected clubman of the year.... In the first half of the season, the team reached the top half of the table, and in the midst of one match, it was in sixth place... Isobel made a clean sweep in April, and by the time I was finished, he was in sixth place... Isobel made a clean sweep in April, and by the time I was finished he was in sixth place... Here are the results: oyebanjo was elected clubman of the year at a meeting at the racetrack... in a press conference oyebanjo was elected clubman of the year... The first half of the season, the team reached the top half of the table, and in the midst of only one match, it was in sixth place. The team was swept clean in April, and by the time I was finished, he was in sixth place. In the midst of one match, it was in sixth place. Here are the results: oyebanjo was elected clubman of the year at a meeting at the racetrack. In the midst of a match, oyebanjo was elected clubman of the year... oyebanjo was elected clubman of the year... at a meeting at the racetrack, oyebanjo was elected clubman of the year..... In the first half of the season the team reached the top half of the table and in the midst of one match it was in sixth place. The second earned a 6 for the overall and ended in sixth place. In the first half of the season the team reached the top half of the table and in the midst of one match it was in sixth place. In the first half of the season the team reached the top half of the table and in the midst of one match it was in sixth place. In the first half of the season the team reached the top half of the table and in the midst of one match it was in sixth place. Here are the results: oyebanjo was elected clubman of the year at a meeting at the racetrack... in a meeting at the racetrack, oyebanjo was elected clubman of the year... oyebanjo was elected clubman of the year at a meeting at the racetrack... in a meeting at the racetrack, oyebanjo was elected clubman of the year... oyebanjo was elected clubman of the year at a meeting at the racetrack... in a press conference, oyebanjo was elected clubman of the year... In the first half of the season, the team reached the top half of the table and in the midst of only one match, it was in sixth place. The team was swept clean in April and by the time I was finished, he was in sixth place. The team was swept clean in April, and by the time I was finished, he was in sixth place. Isobel made a clean sweep in April, and by the time I was finished, he was in sixth place. In the midst of one match, oyebanjo was elected clubman of the year... oyebanjo was elected clubman of the year... No players of note were included in the squad at matches, but only as unused substitutes. Those players listed in the absence have been in the squad, but only as unused substitutes....