 - a gambia women's national football team - a gambia women's football team representing the gambia in international football competitions. Its national football team, the gambia u-17 women's football team, has been a participant in fifa's u17 women's world cup, and an u-17 women's team has been eliminated from the regional competitions for the u-17 women's world cup The gambia national football team - the gambia women's football team - a gambia women's football team, representing the gambia in international football tournaments. In 1985, there were not many countries that had women's national football teams. But the development of a national team faced similar difficulties as those in africa, although the national football association had four members of staff, and their main business was women's football. The gambia national football team, a gambia national football team, represented the gambia in international football tournaments. The gambia national football team - the gambia women's football team - a gambia women's football team, a gambia women's football team, represented the gambia in international football. The development of a national team was faced with similar difficulties as in africa, although the national football association had four staff and was chiefly concerned with women's football. The gambia national football team - the gambia women's football team - a gambia women's football team representing the gambia in international football. The game did not pass fifa's approval. However, the development of a national team was in the same way as in Africa, although the national football association had four staff and was mainly concerned with women's football. Gambia's national football team - gambia women's football team - gambia women's football team, gambia women's football team, gambia women's football team, represented gambia in international football. In 1985, there were not many countries with women's national football teams. The gambia national football team - gambia women's football team - a gambia women's football team, representing gambia in international football. In a word, the country did not have a recognized youth national team until 2012, when the gambia under-17 women's team participated in the confederation of african football, and they took part in the confederation of african football, to be held in azerbaijan in september 2012. The gambia women's team of gambia women's team, of 24 players, narrowed from a pool of 49 young women, was selected for the team. In 1985 there were not many women’s national teams. In 1985 there were not many women’s national teams. The gambia national football team, the gambia women’s football team, represented the gambia in international football. The gambia national football team, the gambia women’s football team, represented the gambia in international football. In 1985 there were not many countries with women’s national teams. In 1985 there were not many countries with women’s national teams. The gambia national football team, the gambia women’s football team, represented the gambia in international football. The gambia national football team, the gambia women’s football team, represented the gambia in international football. The gambia national football team – the gambia women’s football team – represented the gambia in international football. The gambia national football team – the gambia women’s football team – represented the gambia in international football. In 1985, there were not many women’s national teams. The development of a national team was the same as that of africa, although the national football association had four members of staff and were chiefly concerned with women’s football. The gambia women’s team of gambia, the gambia women’s team, represented gambia in international football. The gambia women’s team of gambia was chosen for the gambia women’s team. The gambia national football team, gambia women's football team, represented gambia in international football. In 1985, there were no women's national teams. In the Gambia national football team, gambia women's football team, represented gambia in international football. In 1985, there were no women's national teams. In the Gambia national football team, gambia women's football team, gambia women's football team, represented gambia in international football. In 1985, there were no women's national teams. In the Gambia National Football League, gambia women's football league, represented gambia in international football. In the Gambia National Football League, gambia women's football league, represented gambia in international football. The gambia national football team, gambia women's football league, represented gambia in international football. In 1985, there were not many women's national teams. The gambia national football team, gambia women's football league, represented gambia in international football. The gambia women's football league, gambia women's football league, represented gambia in international football. The gambia national football team, gambia women's football league, represented gambia in international football. The gambia women's football league, gambia women's football league, represented gambia in international football. As for the development of the national team, a national team consists of a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, the gambia women's team, a gambia women's team, The development of women’s football in Africa is complicated by many obstacles, among them: there is inaccessibility to education, women are deprived of access to education, there are inequalities, and the violations of human rights against women are grave. The development of women’s football in Africa is complicated by many obstacles, among them, access to education, women’s deprived of education, inequality, and violation of human rights. Another obstacle is the retention of players. Much of the money devoted to the game is given by fifa and not by national football associations. Another is the lack of players. Many women players leave the continent to seek more opportunities in Europe or the United States. The development of women's football in Africa is complicated by many difficulties, among which are, the lack of education, women's education being deprived of it, unequal and a violation of human rights. This difficulty is, however, a more difficult one, the lack of players. The development of women's football in Africa is complicated by many difficulties, among which are, access to education, women's deprived of education, inequality and violation of human rights. Moreover, many players leave the continent to find their own opportunities in Europe or the United States. The national football association was founded in 1952 and re-established in 1968 by fifa. The first national competition was held in 1998, and the same year fifa started the first academe of women's football. The development of women’s football in Africa is complicated by many difficulties, among which are the lack of education, women’s education being deprived of it, and inequalities, and the violation of human rights against women. The development of women’s football in Africa is complicated by many difficulties, among which are the lack of education, the lack of education, inequality and violation of human rights. This difficulty is the more serious problem, the lack of players. Women’s football in Africa is complicated by many difficulties, among which are: the lack of education, women’s lack of education, unequalities, and violation of human rights. In addition, many women players leave the continent to seek new opportunities in Europe or the United States. The national football association was established in 1952 and re-established in 1968 by fifa. The first national competition took place in 1998, and in the same year the national academe of women’s football was established.