 - tonina (or tonina in spanish, in the spanish language) is a former columbian city, destroyed by the maya civilization, located in the mexican state of chiapas, some 13 km (8.1 mi) east of the city of ocosingo. - Nikolai (or Nikolai in spanish orthography) is a pre-modern columbian site and destroyed city of the maya civilization, located in what is now the mexican state of chiapas, about 13 km ( 8.8 mi) east of the city of ocosingo. Now that is so, my friend.” Tonina (or Tnina, in spanish, in the spanish language) is a former columbian town destroyed by the Maya civilization, and it is located in the Mexican state of chiapas, about 13 km (8.1 mi) east of the town of Ocosingo. Tonina was an aggressive state in the late ancient days, in enacting warfare in order to establish a powerful kingdom, for much of its history tonina had engaged in combat with palenque, the greatest rival and one of the most important states in the western portion of the Maya region, though tonina later became the dominant town in the west... Tonina (or Tonina in spanish, in the spanish language) is a former colonial city that was destroyed by the Maya civilization, and it is located in the Mexican state of chiapas, about 13 km (8.1 mi) east of the town of ocosingo. Tonina (or Tonina in spanish, in the spanish language) is a former colonial city that the Maya civilization destroyed, and it is located in the Mexican state of chiapas, about 13 km (8.1 mi) east of the city of ocosingo. The city is noteworthy for having the oldest known Countess in the History of the Mexican Continent of the Maya, which in 909 marked the end of the Classical Period of the Maya. The city is a historical site and destroyed city of the Maya civilization, located in the state of chiapas, about 13 km (8.1 mi) east of the city of ocosingo. The name of the city is no longer known, but it was a modern one and the original name is po or popo, as it is mentioned in the old History of the Maya: k'uhul po' ajaw (God-lord of po) Tonina (or Tonina in spanish, in spanish) is a former colonial city destroyed by the Maya civilization, and is located in the Mexican state of chiapas, about 13 km (8.1) west of the city of ocosingo. Tonina (or Tonina, in spanish, in spanish) is a former colonial city destroyed by the Maya civilization, and it is located in the Mexican state of chiapas, about 13 km (8.1) east of the city of ocosingo. Tonina (or Tonina in spanish, in spanish) is a former columbian city destroyed by the Maya civilization, and it is located in the Mexican state of chiapas, about 13 km (8.1) east of the city of ocosingo. The name of the city is no longer known, but it is a modern name, and its original name is po or popo, as it is called in the ancient history of the Maya, in 1558 a rebellion took place against the po, winikob, (people of po). Tonina was a warlike state in the late ancient times, and used to take advantage of the forces of the west in order to establish a powerful kingdom; during the history of the city, Tonina had fought with Palenque, the great rival and one of the most important states in the western part of the Maya country, but later it was the dominant town in the west. Tonina (or Tonina in spanish, in spanish) is a former colonial city, destroyed by the Maya civilization, and is located in the Mexican state of chiapas, about 13 km (8.1 mi) east of the city of Ocosingo. This city is remarkable for having the oldest known Countess in the history of the MexicanContinent of the Maya, who, in 909, marked the end of the Classical period of the Mayas. The city has no name, but it is modern, and the original name is po, as it is mentioned in the old history of the Mayas: "Kuhul po" (Godlord of Po), a maya rebellion of the colonial period, of 1558, of a Now, my friend!” Tonina (or Tonina, in spanish, in spanish) is a former columbian town destroyed by the Maya civilization, and it is located in the Mexican state of chiapas, about 13 km (8.1 mi) east of the city of ocosingo. Tonina (or Tonina, in spanish, in spanish) is a former colonial city destroyed by the Maya civilization, and it is located in the Mexican state of chiapas, about 13 km (8.1 mi) east of the city of ocosingo. This city is famous for having the oldest known Countess in the history of the Mexican continent, which in 909 marked the end of the Classical period of the Mayas. The city is named, but it is modern, and the name is po or popo, as it is called in the ancient Mayas: l ajaw (God-lord of po) - Tonina (or Tonina in spanish, in spanish) is a former colonial city destroyed by the Maya civilization, and it is located in the Mexican state of chiapas, about 13 km (8.1) east of the city of ocosingo. Tonina (or Tonina in spanish, in spanish) is a former colonial city destroyed by the Maya civilization, and it is located in the Mexican state of chiapas, about 13 km (8.1) east of the city of ocosingo. This city is remarkable for having the oldest known countess in the history of the Mexican Continent of the Maya, who, in 909, marked the end of the Classical period. The city has no name, but it is modern, and the original name is po, as it is mentioned in the ancient Maya lore: a rebellion took place in 1558, against the po, winikob, (beauty). The city is noteworthy for having the oldest known Countess in the history of the Mexican Continent of the Maya, who in 909 marked the end of the Classical period. tonina is separated from palenque by mountains, and the site is located on an easily defended and easily defended high hill, immediately to the west of a seasonal tributary of the Riojatate, one of the two rivers forming the Ocosingo valley. rulers of tonina, recorded in the maya script on the monuments of tonina, have included: the last known date on the monument is recorded as the 15th of January 909 ce. The site is located on a rocky hillside near the end of a seasonal stream, one of the two that constitutes the Ocosingos. Tonina was the home of a particularly active pre-Romantic tradition, though the pre-Roman history of the area was still entirely under construction. All the documents that refer to the pre-Roman period are marked with the Latin characters of “incense,” and the dates in question are given in the canonical script. Tonina is separated from Palenque by mountains, and the place is situated on a rocky hillside near the end of a seasonal stream, one of the two tributaries of the Ocosingo Valley. The site is situated on a rocky hilltop near the end of a seasonal stream, one of the two streams that constitute the Ocosingo Valley. The rulers of Tonina are portrayed in the maya script on the monuments of Tonina, who have included: the last known date on the monument is recorded as January 15th, 909. A ruler known as the jaguar bird peccary is depicted on a 6th century stela, which describes him acceding to the throne in 568. The first mention of Tonina in a foreign state is in the presence of chinikiha, a site located seven miles (two miles) to the northeast on the Usumacinta river, the text is from a throne and the words are about the capture of a person from Tonina in 573. Tonina was the home of a particularly lively pre-Roman tradition, though the pre-Roman history of the region was still still under construction. The first mention of Tonina in a foreign state is in the chinikiha, a place located a thousand and a half miles (two miles) to the northeast of usumacinta, the text is from a throne and relates the capture of a person from Tonina in 573. Tonina was the home of a particularly lively pre-Roman tradition, though the pre-Roman history of the area was still very much in progress. The first mention of Tonina in a foreign state is in the chinikiha, a place located seven miles (two miles) northeast of usumacinta, the text is from a throne and relates to the capture of a person from Tonina in 573. The first mention of Tonina in a foreign state is in the chinikiha, a place a thousand and a half miles (two miles) northeast of Usumacinta, the text is from a throne, and it talks about the capture of Tonina in 573. The rulers of Tonina, recorded in the maya script on the monuments of Tonina, have included: the last known date on the monument is January 15th, 909. The rulers of Tonina, written in the maya script on the monuments of Tonina, have included: the last known date on the monument is January 15th, 909. The late classic has its history and it is much more represented by hieroglyphic texts. The first mention of Tonina in a foreign state is in the chinikiha, a place seven miles (two miles) east of Usumacinta, the text is from a throne, and it tells of the capture of Tonina in 573. Tonina was the home of a particularly active pre-Roman tradition, though the pre-Roman history of the region was still very much in progress. Tonina was the home of a particularly active pre-Roman tradition, although the pre-Roman history of the region was still very much in progress. Tonina was the home of a particularly active pre-Roman tradition, although the pre-Roman history of the region was still very much in progress. The first mention of Tonina in a foreign state is in the chinikiha, a place a thousand and a half miles northeast of usumacinta, the text is from a throne, and it tells about the capture of Tonina in 573. Tonina is separated from Palenque by mountains, and the place is located on a hillside near the end of a seasonal stream, one of the two streams that make up the Ocosingo Valley. The first mention of Tonina in a foreign state is in the chinikiha, a place a thousand and a half miles (two miles) northeast of Usumacinta, the text is from a throne, and the words are about the capture of Tonina in 573. The king of Tonina, recorded in the christian charlata on the monuments of Tonina, wrote: The last known date on the monument is January 15th, 909. Tonina was the home of a particularly active pre-Roman tradition, though the pre-Roman history of the region was still quite in progress. Tonina was the home of a particularly active pre-Roman tradition, though the pre-Roman history of the region was still very much in progress. Tonina was the home of a particularly active pre-Roman tradition, although the pre-Roman history of the region was still very much in progress. Tonina was the home of a particularly active pre-Roman tradition, though the pre-Roman history of the region was still very much in progress. Tonina was the home of a particularly lively pre-Roman tradition, although the pre-Roman history of the region was still very much in progress. Tonina was the home of a particularly lively pre-Roman tradition, although the pre-Roman history of the region was still very much in progress. The first mention of Tonina in a foreign state is in the chinikiha, a place a thousand and a half miles (two miles) east of Usumacinta, the text is from a throne, and it is about the capture of Tonina in 573. The king of Tonina, in the christian charlata on the monuments of Tonina, wrote: The last known date on the monument is January 15th, 909. Tonina is separated from Palenque by mountains, and the place is located at the end of a seasonal stream, one of the two streams of the Ocosingo Valley. The first reference to Tonina in a foreign country is in the chinikiha, a place a thousand and a half miles (two miles) northwest of Usumacinta, the text is from a throne and says about Tonina's capture in 573. Tonina was the home of a particularly active pre-Roman tradition, although the pre-Roman history of the area was still very much in progress. Tonina was the home of a particularly lively pre-Roman tradition, though the pre-Roman history of the area was still very much in progress. The first mention of Tonina in a foreign state is in the chinikiha, a place a thousand and a half miles (two miles) He was placed in the royal seat, and one of them was a lord of annak. Then the king was slain, and in 688 he was crowned King of the North, twenty years after the first king of the North, and he reigned for twenty-four years... It is not known whether he killed or captured k.... of Palenque, on October 25, 687, in a poem written by a glyphess from a temple in the rival city of the capital.... He was put in the court of justice, and there was a lord named annak in the city council. After the king’s death, he was crowned king of the North, twenty years after the first king of the North, and ruled for twenty-four years. In 688, he was crowned king of the North, twenty years after the first king of the North, and reigned for twenty-four years... He destroyed the king’s forces and reformed to restore tonina’s power with several military victories over Palenque. His reign was marked by the struggle with the rival city for the regional power... The ballcourt originally had six statues of captives bound together, all captives of the enemy Palenque king from the Usumacinta region... He was placed in the Court of Justice, and one of them was a lord called annak. He killed and captured the king,?p. of Palenque, on October 25, 687, in a poem written by a glyphess from the temple of the capital?p. , the date of his death is unknown. Then the king was killed, and in 688 he was crowned king of the North, twenty years after the first king of the North, and reigned twenty-four years. He destroyed the king's forces, and reformed to restore Tonina's power with several military victories over Palenque. , the court of justice was held, and a lord called annak was appointed to the court. He was put in the court of justice and a lord named annak was appointed in the city council. After the king's death, he was crowned king of the North, twenty years after the first king of the North, and ruled for twenty-four years. He killed and captured the king, k. of Palenque, on October 25, 687, in a poem by a glyphess from a temple in the rival city of the capital. It is not known whether he killed or captured k. of Palenque, on October 25, 687, in a poem by a glyphess from a temple in the rival city of the capital, the date of his death is unknown. He was placed in the court of justice and one of them was called annak. He killed and captured king k. of Palenque, on October 25, 687, in a poem written by a glyphess from a temple in the rival city of the capital, the date of his death is unknown. Then the king was killed, and in 688 he was crowned king of the North, twenty years after the first king of the North, and reigned for twenty-four years... After the king’s death he was crowned king of the North, twenty years after the first king of the North, and ruled for twenty-four years... Then the king was killed, and in 688 he was crowned king of the North, twenty years after the first king of the North, and reigned for twenty-four years... He was placed in the court of justice, and a lord named annak was appointed in the city council, and after the king’s death he was crowned king of the North, twenty years after the first king of the North, and ruled for twenty-four years... Then he killed and captured the king of Palenque, on October 25, 687, in a poem by a glyphess from a temple in the rival city of the capital... The king’s prisoner's tomb was surrounded by six statues, all hung up by the enemy of the city of Calakmul, one of the two maya superpowers. He was placed in the court of justice, and there was a lord named annak in the city council. He was placed in the court of justice, and there was a lord called annak in the council. Then the king was killed, and in 688 he was crowned king of the North, twenty years after the first king of the North, and ruled for twenty-four years. He killed and captured the king, k., of Palenque, on October 25, 687, in a poem by a glyphess from a temple in the rival city of the capital, the date of his death is unknown. Then he killed and captured the king, k., of Palenque, on October 25, 687, in a poem by a glyphess from a temple in the rival city of the capital... He killed and captured the king, k., of Palenque, on October 25, 687, in a poem by a glyphess from a temple in the rival city of the capital, the date of his death is unknown. He was put in the court of justice, and a lord named annak was appointed in the city council. Then the king was killed, and in 688 he was crowned king of the North, twenty years after the first king of the North, and reigned for twenty-four years. He killed and captured the king of Palenque, on October 25, 687, in a poem written by a glyphess from a temple in the city of the capital. Then the king was killed, and in 688 he was crowned king of the North, twenty years after the first king of the North, and reigned for twenty-four years... Then the king was killed, and in 688 he was crowned king of the North, twenty years after the first king of the North, and reigned for twenty-four years... The tomb of his predecessor k... aaknal chaak. The mother of k... aaknal chaak is named after a lady winik timan k. awiil, and the father is likely to have been k.. aaknal chaak himself. The tomb of his predecessor k. aaknal chaak. The mother of k. aaknal chaak is named after a lady winik timan k. awiil, and her father is presumably k. aaknal chaak himself. Little is known of the subsequent two rulers. The seventh was called k. inich tuun chapat, he celebrated the end of 736 and may have died 762. The tomb of his predecessor k. aaknal chaak. The mother of k. aaknal chaak is called after a lady winik timan k. awiil, and her father is presumably k. aaknal chaak himself. The seventh was called k. inich tuun chapat, he had reigned at the end of 736 and was thought to have died 762. King k. aaknal chaak was the last of the successful warriors of tonina... The seventh was called k. tuun chapat, he celebrated the end of 736 and died 762. He had reigned in 736 and had perhaps died 762. The seventh ruler was called k. tuun chapat. The mother of k. tuun chapat was called after a lady winik timan k. awiil, and the father was presumably k. aaknal chaak himself. King k. aaknal chaak was the last of the successful warriors of tonina... The seventh ruler was called k. tuun chapat, he was called at the end of 736 and had possibly died 762. The seventh ruler was called k. tuun chapat, he was called at the end of 736 and died 762. King k. aaknal chaak was the last of the successful warriors of tonina... The seventh ruler was called k. tuun chapat, he reigned at the end of 736 and may have died 762. The tomb of his predecessor k. aaknal chaak. The mother of k. aaknal chaak is called after a lady winik timan k. awiil, and her father is presumably k. aaknal chaak himself. King k. aaknal chaak was the last of the successful warriors of tonina... The seventh ruler was called k. tuun chaat, he reigned at the end of 736 and possibly died 762. The seventh ruler was called k. tuun chaat, he reigned at the end of 736 and possibly died 762. King k. aaknal chaak was the last of the successful warriors of tonina... The seventh ruler was called k. tuun chaat, he reigned at the end of 736 and probably died 762. Nevertheless, the lesser extent of tonina’s power can be seen from its victory at the place of sak tz (white dog) in the lacandon region, an area once occupied by tonina... King k. aaknal chaak was the last of the successful warriors of tonina... The seventh ruler was called k. tuun chaat, he reigned at the end of 736 and was thought to have died 762. King k. tuun chaak was the last of the successful warriors of tonina... The seventh ruler was called k. tuun chaat, he reigned at the end of 736 and died 762. King k. aaknal chaak was the last of the successful warriors of tonina. The seventh was called k. tuun chaak, he reigned at the end of 736 and may have died 762. The seventh was called k. tuun chaak, he reigned at the end of 736 and perhaps died 762. King k. aaknal chaak was the last of the successful warriors of tonina... The seventh was called k. tuun chaak, he reigned at the end of 736 and perhaps died 762. The seventh was called k. tuun chaat, he reigned at the end of 736 and probably died 762. The seventh was called k. tuun chaat, he reigned at the end of 736 and probably died 762. King k. tuun chaak was the last of the successful warriors of tonina... The seventh was called k. tuun chaat, he reigned at the end of 736 and possibly died 762. King k. tuun chaak was the last of the successful warriors of tonina... The seventh was called k. tuun chaat, he reigned at the end of 736 and probably died 762. King k. tuun chaak was the last of the successful warriors of tonina... The seventh was called k. tuun chaat, he reigned at the end of 736 and probably died 762. The history of Tonina continued after most other historic maya towns had fallen, possibly because of the abyss of the area. The clock of the king... is the record of a monument dating from the late classic and a monument to the late classic in which the King's name has not survived. The history of Tonina continued after most other historical maya towns had fallen in the same way, perhaps due to the abyss of the region. The clock of the king... is the time-mark of a monument of the old times and of a monument of the old times where the name of the king has not survived. In the 19th century several explorers visited the ruins of Tonina, the first of which was a expedition led by Guillaume Dupaix in 1808. The history of Tonina continued after most other historical maya towns had fallen, perhaps due to the abyss of the area. The clock of the king is the record of a monument of the past, and a monument of the past where the name of the king has not survived. The king... is the record of a monument of the ancients, and a monument of the ancients where the name of the king has not survived. The pioneers in the 19th century had many explorers descend on Tonina, the first of which was the expedition of Guillaume Dupaix in 1808. John L-Stephens and Frank Catherwood had visited Tonina in 1840 and stephens wrote a comprehensive description of the site. And in the 19th century, in the twentieth century, several explorers of the 19th century had come to visit Tonina, the first of which was the expedition of Guillaume Dupaix in 1808. The history of Tonina continued after most other historic maya towns had fallen, perhaps due to the abyss of the area. The pioneers of the 19th century had many explorers descend upon Tonina, the first of which was Guillaume Dupaix’s expedition in 1808. The clock of the king is the time-mark of a monument of the past, and a monument of the past where the name of the king is not preserved. The king is the time-mark of a monument of the ancients, and of the ancients where the name of the king is not preserved. The king is the time-mark of a monument of the ancients, and of a monument of the ancients where the name of the king is not preserved. In the 19th century, during the twentieth century, many explorers of the 19th century came to Tonina, the first of which was Guillaume Dupaix’s expedition in 1808. Then, in the 19th century, several explorers of the 19th century, the first of which was Guillaume Dupaix’s expedition in 1808. Then, in 19th century, in the twentieth century, many explorers of the 19th century came to Tonina, the first of which was Guillaume Dupaix’s expedition in 1808. Jean-Léon-Brém and Oliver La Farge examined the site during the 1920s and published their report in 1926 and 1927. In the 19th century, in the twentieth century, many explorers of the 19th century came to Tonina, the first of which was Guillaume Dupaix's expedition in 1808. And in the 19th century, in the twentieth century, many explorers of the 19th century came to Tonina, the first of which was Guillaume Dupaix's expedition in 1808. The king is the time-marker of a monument of the ancients, and a monument of the ancients where the name of the king has not survived. The king is the time-marker of a monument of the ancients and of a monument of the ancients where the name of the king has not been retrieved. The history of Tonina continued after most other historic maya towns had fallen in the same way, perhaps due to the abyss of the region. In the 19th century, during the twentieth century, many explorers of the 19th century came to Tonina, the first of which was Guillaume Dupaix’s expedition in 1808. In the 19th century, several explorers of the 19th century came to Tonina, the first of which was Guillaume Dupaix’s expedition in 1808. Then, in the 19th century, several explorers of the 19th century came to Tonina, the first of which was Guillaume Dupaix’s expedition in 1808. The king is the time-marker of an ancient monument and a ancient monument where the name of the king is not preserved. The king is the time-marker of a monument of the past and of a monument of the past where the name of the king is not preserved. But the king is the time-marker of a monument of the past and of a monument of the past where the name of the king has not been found. The king is the time-marker of a monument of the past, and of a monument of the past where the name of the king has not been found. The history of Tonina continued after the most historic maya towns had fallen in the same way, perhaps due to the abyss of the area. The pioneers of the 19th century had many explorers descend upon Tonina, the first of which was Guillaume Dupaix’s expedition in 1808. Then in the 19th century, in the twentieth century, many explorers of the 19th century came to Tonina, the first of which was Guillaume Dupaix’s expedition in 1808. In the 19th century, several explorers of the 19th century came to Tonina, the first of which was Guillaume Dupaix’s expedition in 1808. In the 19th century, in the twentieth century, many explorers of the 19th century came to Tonina, the first of which was Guillaume Dupaix’s expedition in 1808. The king is the time-marker of a monument of the past, and a monument of the past where the name of the king has not been preserved. The king is the time-marker of a monument of the past, and of the monument of the past where the name of the king has not been found. The king is the time-marker of a monument of the ancients, and of a monument of the ancients where the name of the king has not been found. The public imagery of the site displays the ruthless way in which the city treats its enemies. In the 19th century, in the twentieth century, many explorers of the 19th century visited Tonina, the first of which was Guillaume Dupaix's expedition in 1808. In the 19th century, in the twentieth century, many explorers of the 19th century came to Tonina, the first of which was Guillaume Dupaix's expedition in 1808. In the 19th century, several explorers of the 19th century came to Tonina, the first of which was Guillaume Dupaix's expedition in 1808. The 18th century, in the The history of Tonina continued after the most historic Maya towns had fallen in the same way, perhaps due to the abyss of the area. The history of Tonina continued after the most historic Maya towns had fallen in the same way, perhaps due to the abyss of the area. In the 19th century, in the twentieth century, many explorers of the 19th century came to Tonina, the first of which was Guillaume Dupaix’s expedition in 1808. The king is the time-marker of a monument of the ancients and a monument of the ancients where the name of the king has not been preserved. The king is the time-marker of a monument of the past, and of a monument of the ancients where the name of the king has not been preserved. The king is the time-marker of a monument of the past, and of a monument of the past where the name of the king has not been found. The pioneers of the 19th century had many explorers descend upon Tonina, the first of which was Guillaume Dupaix’s expedition in 1808. In the 19th century, in the twentieth century, many explorers of the 19th century came to Tonina, the first of which was Guillaume Dupaix’s expedition in 1808. The king is the time-marker of a monument of the past, and of a monument of the past where the name of the king has not been found. In the 19th century, in the twentieth century, many explorers of the 19th century came to Tonina, the first of which was Guillaume Dupaix’s expedition in 1808. Then in the 19th century, in the twentieth century, many explorers of the 19th century came to Tonina, the first of which was Guillaume Dupaix’s expedition in 1808. The 19th century, in the twentieth century, many explorers of the 19th century came to Tonina, the first of which was Guillaume Dupaix’s expedition in 1808. Then in the 19th century, several explorers of the 19th century came to Tonina, the first of which was Guillaume Dupaix’s expedition in 1808. Then, in the 19th century, several explorers of the 19th century came to Tonina He carved it from the local slate, but his style is as palenque as he was, which explains the occupation of the sculptors. Then, after the abandonment of the city at the end of the Classical Period, many of the sculptures fell down the steep embankment that supports the seven terraces. He was carved from the local slate, but his style is very Palenque, and that is why the sculptors had to get rid of them. Then, when the city was abandoned at the end of the Classical period, many of the sculptures fell down the steep embankment that supports the seven terraces. One of these sculptures is called the yaxahk (red turtle) which was the lord of annay te, the site of which probably lay on the south side of the usumacinta between Piedras negras and yaxchilan... Then, at the end of the Classical period, many of the sculptures fell down the steep embankment which supports the seven terraces. He was carved from the local slate, but his style is Palenque, and that was why the sculptors had to get rid of him. One of these sculptures is called a yaxahk, which was the lord of annay te, and it is probable that it was located on the south side of the usumacinta between Piedras negras and yaxchilan. Then, when the city was abandoned at the end of the Classical Period, many of the sculptures fell into the steep embankment that supports the seven terraces. The palace of frets is located on the fourth terrace of the acropolis... The south facade of the palace is covered with four large frets. At the end of the Classical Period many of the sculptures fell into the steep embankment which supports the seven terraces. Then, after the abandonment of the city at the end of the Classical Period, many of the sculptures fell into the steep embankment which supports the seven terraces. Then, after the abandonment of the city at the end of the Classical Period, many of the sculptures fell into the steep embankment which supports the seven terraces. One of these sculptures is called the red turtle, which was the lord of annay te, and it is probable that it was located on the south side of the usumacinta between Piedras negras and yaxchilan. One of the rooms of the palace contains a stucco decoration, representing the feathered serpents and the strewn bones. Then, when the city was abandoned at the end of the Classical Period, many of the sculptures fell into the steep embankment that supports the seven terraces. Then, when the city was abandoned at the end of the Classical Period, many of the sculptures fell into the steep embankment that supports the seven terraces. He was carved from local slate, but his style was Palenque, and therefore the sculptors had to put them out. At the end of the Classical Period many of the sculptures fell into the steep embankment that supports the seven terraces. Then, at the end of the Classical Period many of the sculptures fell into the steep embankment that supports the seven terraces. Then, at the end of the Classical Period many of the sculptures fell into the steep embankment that supports the seven terraces. Then, at the end of the Classical Period many of the sculptures fell into the steep embankment that supports the seven terraces. The palace of the frets is located on the fourth terrace of the acropolis. One of the rooms in the palace is covered with four large frets. One of these sculptures is called a yaxahk (red turtle), which was the lord of annay te, and was most likely located on the south side of the acropolis between Piedras negras and yaxchilan. Then, at the end of the Classical Period, many sculptures fell into the steep embankment that supports the seven terraces. Then, at the end of the Classical Period, many sculptures fell into the steep embankment that supports the seven terraces. Then, at the end of the Classical Period, many sculptures fell into the steep embankment that supports the seven terraces. The Palace of Fates is located on the fourth terrace of the acropolis... He was carved from local slate, but his style was Palenque, and therefore the sculptors had to take them out. At the end of the Classical Period many sculptures fell into the steep embankment that supports the seven terraces. Then, at the end of the Classical Period many sculptures fell into the steep embankment that supports the seven terraces. At the end of the Classical Period many sculptures fell into the steep embankment that supports the seven terraces. At the end of the Classical Period many sculptures fell into the steep embankment that supports the seven terraces. Then, at the end of the Classical Period many sculptures fell into the steep embankment that supports the seven terraces. Then, at the end of the Classical Period many sculptures fell into the steep embankment that supports the seven terraces. One of these sculptures is called the yaxahk (red turtle), which was the lord of annayte, and it is probable that it was located on the south side of the usumacinta between Piedras negras and yaxchilan. Then, at the end of the Classical Period, many sculptures fell into the steep embankment that supports the seven terraces. At the end of the Classical Period, many sculptures fell into the steep embankment that supports the seven terraces. The palace of fates is located on the fourth terrace of the acropolis... The south facade of the palace is covered with four large frets. One of these sculptures is called yaxahk, which was the lord of annayte, and was most likely located on the south side of the acropolis between Piedras negras and yaxchilan. Then, at the end of the apocalypse, many sculptures fell into the steep embankment that supports the seven terraces. Then, at the end of the apocalypse, many sculptures fell into the steep embankment that supports the seven terraces. sent> A headdress with inscriptions describing the accession of k inich baaknal chaak and the promotion to the priesthood of aj ch aaj naah. It is a poorly eroded human statue, with a missing head. The monument was recovered from a school in ocosingo and moved to the museum of tonina. A headdress with inscriptions on it stating that he had attained the rank of abbot and promoted to the priesthood of aj ch aaj naah. This was recovered from a school in ocosingo and moved to the museum of tonina. This monument was carved from yellow sandstone and suffered only a little damage. It is a base with well-preserved hieroglyphs on all four vertical surfaces and was dedicated by k ”inich ich aak chapat” in 728. It is in the Museo regional in Tuxtla gutierrez. It is a deteriorated human statue with a missing head. It was recovered from a school in Obosingo and moved to the museum of Tonina. It is a monument with inscriptions on it, stating that he had attained the rank of abbot and been promoted to the priesthood of aj ch aaj naah. It is a well-preserved tomb with well-preserved hieroglyphs on all four surfaces and was dedicated by k inich ch aak chapat in 728. It is in the Museo Regional in Tuxtla gutierrez. It is a sculpture carved in the round, representing the reign of the prince. It is in the Museo Regional in Tuxtla gutierrez. The monument is carved from yellow sandstone and suffered only a little damage; it is a high pedestal with preserved hieroglyphs on all four sides and was dedicated by k inich ch aak chapat in 728. He was a guardian and his father, Obosingo, and had the school moved to the Tonina Museum. He was a headdress with inscriptions, announcing the appointment of K. Inich Baaknal Chaak and the promotion of a J. Ch. aah. This headdress was recovered from a school in Obosingo and moved to the Tonina Museum. It is a badly eroded human statue, missing the head; it was recovered from a school in Obosingo and moved to the Tonina Museum. The monument is carved from yellow sandstone and suffered little damage; it is a pillar with well preserved hieroglyphs on all four surfaces and was dedicated by k. k. k. k. k. in 728. It is a sculpture carved in the round, a representation of the reign of the prince. It dates from 672. It is in the Museo Regional in Tuxtl gutierrez. A headdress with inscriptions announcing the appointment of K. Inich Baaknal Chaak and the promotion of a J. Ch. Aah. It was a headdress with inscriptions, announcing the appointment of K. Inich Baaknal Chaak and the promotion of a J. Ch. Aah. It is a poorly eroded human statue, with a missing head. This headdress was recovered from a school in Obosingo and moved to the Tonina Museum. It is a large pedestal with hieroglyphs on all four surfaces and was dedicated by k. k. k. k. k. in 728. This monument is carved from yellow sandstone and suffered no damage; it is a high pedestal with preserved hieroglyphs on all four surfaces and was dedicated by k. k. k. k. k. in 728. This monument is a piece of sculpture carved in a round to represent the reign of the prince. It dates from 672. ‘A headdress with inscriptions announcing the appointment of K. Inich Baaknal Chaak and the promotion of a J. Ch. Aah. It was a headdress with inscriptions announcing the appointment of K. Inich Baaknal Chaak and the promotion of a J. Ch. Aah. It was a headdress with inscriptions, announcing that he had been elevated to the rank of abbot and was promoted to the priesthood of aj ch aajnah. It was a headdress with inscriptions announcing that he had been promoted to the priesthood of aj ch aajnah. It was a badly eroded human statue with a missing head. It was recovered from a school in Obosingo and moved to the Tonina Museum. This headdress was recovered from a school in Obosingo and moved to the Tonina Museum. It was a man who had been made an inscription saying that he had been made an abbot and had been promoted to the priesthood of aj ch aajnay. It was a statue with inscriptions, announcing the appointment of K. Inich Baaknal Chaak and the promotion of a J. Ch. Aah. It is a statue carved in a round, illustrating the reign of the prince. It dates from 672. It is a statue with inscriptions on it, announcing the appointment of K. Inich Chaaknal Chaak and the promotion of a J. Ch. Aah. It is a statue with a missing head, it was recovered from a school in Obosingo and moved to the Tonina Museum. This statue was recovered from a school in Obosingo and moved to the Tonina Museum. That is the inscription announcing the appointment of K. Inich Baaknal Chaak and the appointment of J. Ch. Aah. A headdress with inscriptions, announcing the appointment of K. Inich Baaknal Chaak and the appointment of J. Ch. Aah. This headdress was recovered from a school in Obosingo and moved to the Tonina Museum. This headdress was recovered from a school in Obosingo and moved to the Tonina Museum. It was a headdress with inscriptions, announcing the appointment of K. Inich Baaknal Chaak and the appointment of J. Ch. Aah. This headdress was rediscovered from a school in Obosingo and moved to the Tonina Museum. It is a man who has been inscriptiond that he has been elevated to the priesthood and that he has been promoted to the priesthood of ajch aah. This headdress was rediscovered from a school in Obosingo and moved to the Tonina Museum. This headdress was rediscovered from a school in Obosingo and rediscovered at the Tonina Museum. It is a headdress with inscriptions, announcing the appointment of K. Inich Baaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaakned It is a shabby human statue with a missing head. It was a shabby statue with a missing head. This statue was recovered from a school in Obosingo and moved to the Tonina Museum. This statue was recovered from a school in Obosingo and moved to the Tonina Museum. It is a statue with inscriptions, announcing the appointment of K. Inich Chaaknal Chaak and the appointment of The headdress is worn, announcing the appointment of K. Inich Baaknal Chaak and the promotion of a J. Ch. Aah. This headdress is worn, announcing the appointment of K. Inich Baaknal Chaak and the promotion of a J. Ch. Aah. It is a headdress with inscriptions, announcing the appointment of K. Inich Baaknal Chaak and the promotion of a J. Ch. Aah. It is a human statue with a missing head. This headdress was recovered from a school in Obosingo and moved to the Tonina Museum. This headdress was recovered from a school in Obosingo and moved to the Tonina Museum. It is a statue with inscriptions, announcing the appointment of K. Inich Baaknal Chaak and the promotion of J. Ch. Aah. It is a headdress with inscriptions, announcing the appointment of K. Inich Baaknal Chaak and the promotion of J. Ch. Aah. This headdress was recovered from a school in Obosingo and moved to the Tonina Museum. This headdress was recovered from a school in Obosingo and moved to the Tonina Museum. It is a statue ruined and missing a head; it was recovered from a school in Obosingo and moved to the Tonina Museum. This headdress was recovered from a school in Obosingo and moved to the Tonina Museum. It is a headdress with inscriptions, announcing the appointment of K. Inich Baaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Cha A headdress with inscriptions, announcing the appointment of K. Inich Baaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Chaaknal Cha It is a stucco mural, situated on the east side of the 5th Terrace, and contains the scene of the four suns or the four eras. It is a tomb in stucco, with four panels, each framed with a feather; It was suspended on a scaffold, on which hangs the severed heads of sacrificial victims. There is a panel of stucco on the east side of the 5th Street and the four suns or the four eras. It is a tomb in stucco, with four panels of crimson silk; It was suspended on a scaffold, and the heads of sacrificial victims are hanging on the scaffold. Among the scaffold walls are the spirits of the Maya elite... the best preserved part of the wall is a skeletal supernatural ephemeral tiger, wearing a skull on its feet and holding a severed head in one hand. It is a lord’s walker from the site of pupa. A stucco mural, situated on the east side of the 5th Street, contains the scene of the four suns or the four eras. It is a tomb in stucco, with four panels each framed with a feather; it was suspended on a scaffold, and the heads of the murdered are hanging on the scaffold. On the scaffold wall are the spirits of the Mayas... The best preserved part of the wall is a skeletal supernatural tiger, with a skull on its feet and a stabbed head in one hand; Among the scaffold walls are the spirits of the Maya elite... the best preserved part of the wall is a skeletal supernatural tiger with a skull on its feet and a severed head in one hand. The first room explains the pyramidal structure of the acropolis and the relationship between Maya mythology and sculptures of the rulers of the city. The second room explains the art of the rulers of the city and the statues of the rulers of the city. The third room explains the history of the pyramid and how it is related to Maya mythology, while the third room contains sculptures of the rulers of the city. The scaffolding is a shrine in stucco, with four panels each framed with a feather. It is suspended on a scaffold, and the heads of the martyrs are hanging on it. The first room explains the pyramid and how it is connected with Maya mythology, while the main room contains sculptures of the rulers of the city. Among the scaffolding walls are the spirits of the Mayas... The best preserved part of the wall is a skeletal supernatural tiger, with a skull on its feet and a stabbed head in one hand; among the scaffolding walls are the spirits of the Mayas... the best preserved part is a skeletal supernatural tiger, with a skull on its feet and a skull in one hand; among the scaffolding walls are the spirits of the Mayas... The best preserved part of the wall is a skeletal supernatural tiger, with a skull on its feet and a severed head in one hand.