 The central area command (raaf) was one of several geographically based commands raised by the royal australian air force (raaf) during the wars of World War I. It was formed in march 1940 and covered the entire central part of new south wales. It was headquartered in sydney. It was mainly responsible for air defense, aerial reconnaissance, and the protection of sea lane roads within its borders. The Central Area Command (CAR) was one of several geographically designated commands developed by the Royal Australian Air Force during the wars of World War I. It was formed in march 1940 and covered the whole of the central part of New South Wales. It was based in sydney, and was mostly responsible for air defense, aerial reconnaissance and the protection of sealane roads within its borders. In the war of World War I, the Royal Australian Air Force was small enough that all its elements were directly regulated by the raaf headquarters in melbourne... [ The central area command (raaf) was one of several geographically specific commands that the Royal Australian Air Force developed during World War I. It was formed in march 1940 and occupied the entire central part of New South Wales. It was headquartered in Sydney. It was mainly responsible for air defense, aerial reconnaissance and protection of the sea-lane. In World War I the Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were governed by the Raaf headquarters in melbourne... and 1 After the war began in september 1939, the Royal Australian Air Force began to adopt a decentralised system of command, to take account of the increasing number of soldiers and personnel. The central area command (raaf) was one of several geographically established commands of the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) during the wars of World War I. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the whole central part of New South Wales, based in Sydney. It was mainly responsible for air defense, aerial reconnaissance, and the protection of sea-lanes. In World War I, the Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were governed directly by the Raaf headquarters in melbourne. In World War I, the Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were governed by the Raaf headquarters in melbourne. The central command (Raaf) was one of several geographically designated commands that the Royal Australian Air Force developed during World War I. It was formed in march 1940 and occupied the whole central part of New South Wales. It was based in Sydney. It was mainly responsible for air defense, reconnaissance and protection of sea lane. Between march 1940 and May 1941, the Raaf divided Australia and New Guinea into four geographically specific command areas: central, southern, western, and northern. Each area was lead by an air officer commanding (aoc) who was responsible for the management and operations of all the air bases and units within his territory. The central command (Raaf) was one of several geographically established commands developed by the Royal Australian Air Force during the wars of World War I. It was formed in march 1940 and covered the whole central part of New South Wales, based in Sydney. It was mainly responsible for air defense, aerial reconnaissance and the protection of sea lanes. The central command (Raaf) was one of several geographically established commands developed by the Royal Australian Air Force during World War I. It was formed in march 1940 and occupied the whole central part of New South Wales. It was based in Sydney. It was mainly responsible for air defense, aerial reconnaissance and protection of sea lanes. In World War I, the Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were governed by the Raaf headquarters in melbourne. In World War I, the Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were governed by the Raaf headquarters in melbourne... in World War I, the Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were governed by the Raaf headquarters in melbourne... In World War I, the Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were governed by the Raaf headquarters in melbourne... The central command (Raaf) was one of several geographically specific commands developed by the Royal Australian Air Force during World War I. It was formed in march 1940 and occupied the whole central part of New South Wales. It was based in Sydney. It was primarily responsible for air defense, aerial reconnaissance, and protection of the sea. The central command (Raaf) was one of several geographically specific commands developed by the Royal Australian Air Force during World War I. It was formed in march 1940 and occupied the central part of New South Wales. It was based in Sydney and was mainly responsible for air defense, aerial reconnaissance and protection of sealanes. In World War I the Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were governed by the Raaf headquarters in melbourne. The Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were governed by the Raaf headquarters in melbourne... In World War I the Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were governed by the Raaf headquarters in melbourne... In World War I the Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were governed by the Raaf headquarters in melbourne... In World War I the Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were governed by the Raaf headquarters in melbourne..., , it was a command of the stout brigade (aoc) at the war of World War I, formed in march 1940 and occupied the whole central part of New South Wales, based in Sydney. It was primarily responsible for air defense, reconnaissance and protection of sea lane. During World War I, the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) was so small that all elements were governed by the Raaf headquarters in melbourne, in World War I the Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were governed by the Raaf headquarters in melbourne, in World War I the Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were governed by the Raaf headquarters in melbourne, in World War I the Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were governed by the Raaf headquarters in melbourne, in World War I the Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were governed by the Raaf headquarters in melbourne, in World War I the Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were governed by the Raaf headquarters in melbourne, in World War I the Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were governed by the Raaf headquarters in melbourne, in World War I the Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were governed by the Raaf headquarters in melbourne, in World War I the Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were governed by the Raaf headquarters in melbourne... In the war of World War I the Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were governed by the Raaf headquarters in melbourne... and a senior air staff officer alan charlesworth was appointed in May 1940. The central command (Raaf) was one of several geographically developed commands developed by the Royal Australian Air Force during World War I. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the whole central part of New South Wales, based in Sydney. It was mainly responsible for air defense, reconnaissance and protection of the sea. In World War I the Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were directed by the Raaf headquarters in melbourne... in World War I the Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were directed by When the war began in september 1939, the Royal Australian Air Force was constrained to adopt a decentralised system, to accommodate the increase in personnel and equipment. In the world war I, the Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were directed by the Raaf headquarters in melbourne. In World War I, the Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were directed by the Raaf headquarters in melbourne, in World War I the Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were directed by the Raaf headquarters in melbourne, in World War I the Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were directed by the Raaf headquarters in melbourne, in World War I the Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were directed by the Raaf headquarters in melbourne, in World War I the Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were directed by the Raaf headquarters in melbourne, in World War I the Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were directed by the Raaf headquarters in melbourne, in World War I the Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were directed by the Raaf headquarters in melbourne, in World War I the Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were directed by the Raaf headquarters in melbourne, in World War I the Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were directed by the Raaf headquarters in melbourne... In World War I the Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were directed by the Raaf headquarters in melbourne... In World War I the Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were directed by the Raaf headquarters in melbourne... In World War I the Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were directed by the Raaf headquarters in melbourne... In World War I the Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were directed by the Raaf headquarters in melbourne... in World War I the Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were directed by the Raaf headquarters in melbourne... in World War I the Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were directed by the Raaf headquarters in melbourne... In World War I the Royal Australian Air Force was so small that all elements were the area command structure was changed in 1942, following the outbreak of the pacific war. The northern part was divided into the northern part and the southern part., which totaled five sections. 515 dnaik's command structure was reformed in 1942, following the outbreak of the pacific war. The northern part was divided into the north-western part, and the north-western part into the eastern part. The command structure of the area was changed in 1942, after the outbreak of the pacific war. The north was divided into the north-western part and the south-western part into the eastern part. The air corps proposed a new central area command of the eastern portion, which was too large to be managed by one headquarters, and therefore was ripe for subdivision. The war Cabinet decided against the proposal... The command structure of the area was changed in 1942, after the pacific war. The northern part was divided into the north-western part and the southern part into the eastern part. The air corps proposed a new command in the eastern part, which was too large for one headquarters, and therefore was ripe for subdivision.... The air corps proposed again in august 1944, but this time it was to control maintenance and operations in the southern part of the province. The war Cabinet refused this proposal. The command structure of the region was changed in 1942, after the pacific war. The north was divided into the north-western part, the south-western part into the eastern part.