 fern hobbs..., may 8-18, 1883 - may 10, 1964) was an american lawyer in the state of oregon and private secretary to the governor of oregon, oswald west... On May 8, 1883-May 10, 1964, Fern Hobbs... (born October 8, 1883-May 10, 1964), American lawyer, located in the state of oregon, appointed a private secretary to the Governor of Oregon, oswald west.... he was celebrated for her great ambition and some accomplishments as a young woman, and became the highest paid woman in the public service in the early-twenties. He was a strategic coup for the state, establishing a powerful authority over a remote rural community and establishing himself as a proponent of prohibition. fern hobbs... fern hobbs... —(born October 8, 1883 – May 10, 1964) was an American lawyer located in the state of oregon and private secretary to the Governor of Oregon, oswald west... he was famous for her boldness and some accomplishments as a young woman and had become the highest paid woman in the civil service. He was a strategic coup for the state, establishing a powerful power over a remote country community and promoting prohibition. He later became the editor of the American Red Cross in Europe and the magazine of the oregon journal. At that time, Fern Hobbs... (born October 8, 1883 - May 10, 1964), an American lawyer, a resident in the state of oregon, was appointed a secretary to the governor of Oregon, oswald west. He was celebrated for her boldness and accomplishments as a young woman, and was the highest paid woman in the civil service. He was a strategic coup for the state, establishing a powerful power over a remote rural community, and promoting prohibition. Fern Hobbs... (born October 8, 1883 - May 10, 1964) was an American lawyer in the state of oregon and a private secretary to the governor of Oregon, oswald west. he was famous for her great ambition and some of her achievements as a young woman, and he became the highest paid woman in the service... he later became the editor of the American Red Cross in Europe and the editor of the oregon journal. Fern Hobbs... (born October 8, 1883 - May 10, 1964) was an American lawyer in the state of oregon, and a private secretary to the governor of Oregon, oswald west... he was celebrated for her boldness and some accomplishments as a young woman, and was the highest paid woman in the service in the early twenties. This Fern Hobbs... fern Hobbs... (born October 8, 1883 - May 10, 1964) was an American lawyer located in the state of oregon and a private secretary to the governor of oregon, oswald west. he was famous for his great achievement and achievements as a young woman, and he was the highest paid woman in the service. He was a strategic coup for the state, establishing a powerful power over a remote rural community, and promoting prohibition. He was a strategic coup for the state, establishing a powerful power over a remote rural community, and promoting prohibition. he was a strategic coup for the state, establishing a powerful power over a remote rural community and promoting prohibition. In the early twenties, Fern Hobbs... (born October 8, 1883, May 10, 1964) was an American lawyer, a resident of the state of oregon, appointed to the governor of the west... he was famous for her great ambition and some of her achievements as a young woman, and became the highest paid woman in the service. He was a strategic coup for the state, establishing a powerful power over a remote rural community and promoting prohibition. Fern Hobbs... (born October 8, 1883, May 10, 1964) was an American lawyer, resident in the state of oregon, and appointed a private secretary to the governor of the west... he was famous for her great ambition and some of her achievements as a young woman and was the highest paid woman in the service... he later became editor of the American Red Cross in Europe and editor of the oregon journal. Fern Hobbs... (born October 8, 1883, May 10, 1964) was an American lawyer in the state of oregon, and a private secretary to the governor of Oregon, oswald west... he was famous for her great ambition and some of her accomplishments as a young woman and he became the highest paid woman in the service... He was a strategic coup for the state, establishing a powerful authority over a remote rural community, and promoting prohibition. Fern Hobbs... Fern Hobbs... (born October 8, 1883 – May 10, 1964) was an American lawyer in the state of oregon and a private secretary to the governor of Oregon – the west – he was a famous person for his great desire and some of her accomplishments as a young woman, and he was a leading woman in the service. – he was famous for his great ambition and some of her accomplishments as a young woman and he was the highest paid woman in the service. He was a leading woman in the service and was the highest paid woman in the service. He was a major coup for the state, establishing a powerful authority over a remote rural community and promoting prohibition. – Fern Hobbs – fern Hobbs – born October 8, 1883 – May 10, 1964, was an American lawyer, living in the state of oregon, and appointed as secretary to the governor of Oregon, oswald west – he was famous for his great achievement and some of her accomplishments as a young woman and became the highest paid woman in the service. He was a major coup for the state, establishing a powerful authority over a remote rural community and promoting prohibition. In the early twenties, Fern Hobbs – born October 8, 1883 – May 10, 1964, was an American lawyer, living in the state of oregon, and appointed as secretary to the governor of Oregon, oswald west – he was famous for his great ambition and some of her accomplishments as a young woman and became the highest paid woman in the service. He was a major coup for the state, establishing a powerful authority over a remote rural community and promoting prohibition. - Fern Hobbs - (born October 8, 1883, May 10, 1964) was an American lawyer in the state of oregon, and a private secretary to the governor of Oregon, oswald west. He was famous for his great ambition and some of his accomplishments as a young woman, and he was the highest paid woman in the service. He was a great coup for the state, establishing a powerful power over a remote rural community and promoting prohibition. He was a great coup for the state, establishing a powerful power over a remote rural community and promoting prohibition. He was a great coup for the state, establishing a powerful power over a remote rural community and promoting prohibition. In the early twenties, Fern Hobbs (born October 8, 1883, May 10, 1964) was an American lawyer, living in the state of oregon, appointed as a private secretary to the governor of the west... he was famous for his great ambition and some of her achievements as a young woman and was the highest paid woman in the service... he later became the editor of the American Red Cross in Europe and the editor of the oregon magazine. Fern Hobbs (born October 8, 1883, May 10, 1964) was an American lawyer, living in the state of oregon and appointed as a private secretary to the governor of the west... he was famous for his great ambition and some of his achievements as a young woman and became the highest paid woman in the service... he was a leading woman in the service and was the highest paid woman in the service. In the early twenties, Fern Hobbs (born October 8, 1883, May 10, 1964) was an American lawyer in the state of oregon and a private secretary to the governor of the west... he was famous for his great ambition and some of his achievements as a young woman and became the highest paid woman in the service. Fern Hobbs (born October 8, 1883, May 10, 1964) was an American lawyer in the state of oregon and a private secretary to the governor of the west... he was famous for his great ambition and some of his achievements as a young woman and became the highest paid woman in the service... he was a leading woman in the service and was the highest paid. ‘ Fern Hobbs – ‘‘, born on the 8th of May, 1883 – ‘10th of May’, was an American lawyer in the state of oregon, and appointed as Secretary to the Governor of Oregon, Ozark West. ‘He was famous for his great ardour and some of his accomplishments as a young woman and was the highest paid woman in the service. A definite definite definite definite definitedefinitedefinitedefinitedefinitedefinitedefinitedefinitedefinitedefinitedefinitedefinitedefinitedefinitedefinitedefinitedefinitedefinitedefinitedefinitedefinitedefinitedefinitedefinitedefinitedefinitedefinitedefinitedefinitedefinitedefinitedefinitely’, an American lawyer resident in the state of oregon and appointed as Secretary to the Governor of Oregon, Ozark West. he was famous for his great ardour and some of his accomplishments as a young woman and became the highest paid woman in the service. A definitedefinitedefinitedefinitedefinitedefinitedefinitedefinitedefinitedefinitedefinitedefinitedefinitely is an important and vital aspect of the whole community, and a tremendous advantage in protecting the interests of the state. During the year of his arrival, the Governor of Oregon had been announced as his Private Secretary. Fern Hobbs... Fern Hobbs... Fern Hobbs... Fern Hobbs... (born October 8, 1883, May 10, 1964) was an American lawyer living in the state of oregon, and a Private Secretary to the Governor of Oregon, oswald west. He was famous for his great achievement and his accomplishments as a young woman, and he was the highest paid woman in the service. He was a major coup for the State, establishing a powerful authority over a remote rural community and promoting prohibition. He was a major coup for the State, establishing a powerful authority over a remote rural community and promoting prohibition. Fern Hobbs... (born October 8, 1883, May 10, 1964) was an American lawyer in the State of Oregon, and a private secretary to the Governor of Oregon, oswald west. He was famous for his great ambition and some of his achievements as a young woman, and became the highest paid woman in the service. He was a leading woman in the service and was the highest paid. And on the 2nd of January 1914 the west sent military engineers to set up a militia of six hundred men to restore order in the copperfield, oregon. And on the 2nd of January 1914 the west sent military engineers to rebuild the copper mines in Oregon. Copper Mine, located on the Snake River in baker County, had grown up around the construction of the railroad tunnel and the power plant. At present there were fifteen - fifteen hundred jobs in the area. And on the 2nd of January 1914 the west sent soldiers to set up a six-sou militia to restore order in the copper mines of Oregon. The Copper Mine, situated on the Snake River in the Cook county, was formed around the construction of the railroad tunnel and the power plant. There were fifteen hundred jobs in the area. On the 2nd of January 1914 the west sent soldiers to rebuild the copper mines of Oregon. The Copper Mine, situated on the Snake River in Baker County, was developed by the construction of a railway tunnel and the power plant. On the 2nd of January 1914, the west sent military engineers to restore order in the copper mines of Oregon. The copper mine, located in Baker County, was formed by the construction of the railway tunnel and the power plant. There were fifteen hundred jobs in the area. On the 2nd of January 1914, the west sent military engineers to restore order in the copper mines of Oregon. On the 2nd of January 1914, the west sent military engineers to rebuild the copper mines of Oregon. The Copper Mine, located on the Snake River in Cook County, was formed by the construction of the railroad tunnel and the power plant. There were fifteen hundred workers in the area. On the 2nd of January 1914, the west sent military engineers to rebuild the copper mines in Oregon. The governor had issued restrictions, some local residents had complained to the state... On the 2nd of January 1914 the west sent military engineers to restore order in the copper mines in Oregon. The copper mine, located in Baker County, was developed by the construction of a railroad tunnel and a power plant. There were fifteen hundred workers in the area. On the 2nd of January 1914 the west sent military engineers to restore order in the copper mines in Oregon. The copper mine, located in Baker County, was established by the construction of a railway tunnel and a power plant. The copper mine, located in Baker County, was established by the construction of the railroad tunnel and the power plant. There were fifteen hundred workers. The west sent military engineers to restore order in the copper mines of Oregon. The governor had issued the order, a few local residents complained to the state..... And on the 2nd of January 1914, the west sent military engineers to restore order in the copper mines of Oregon. The copper mine, located on the Snake River in Baker County, was created by the construction of the railway tunnel and the power plant. The area contained fifteen hundred workers. The king of Washington replied to the citizens by requesting that the king of Washington restore order, close the saloons and force the county councillors to retire. And on the second of January 1914, the west sent engineers to restore order in the copper mines in Oregon. The copper mine, located in Baker County, was created by the construction of the railroad tunnel and the power plant. There were fifteen hundred workers in the area. On the second of January 1914, the west sent engineers to restore order in the copper mines in Oregon. The copper mine, located in Baker County, was developed by the construction of the railroad tunnel and the power plant. The copper mine, located in Baker County, was created by the construction of the railroad tunnel and the power plant. The copper mine, located in Baker County, was established by the construction of the railroad tunnel and the power plant. There were fifteen hundred workers. On the second of January 1914, the west sent military engineers to restore order in the copper mines in Oregon. The governor had issued an order, some of the inhabitants complained to the state. On the second of January 1914, the west sent military engineers to restore order in the copper mines in Oregon. The Copper Mine, located in the town of Baker, was established by the construction of a railway tunnel and a power plant. There were fifteen hundred workers. On the second of January 1914, the west sent military engineers to restore order in the copper mines in Oregon. The Copper Mine, located in Baker County, was created by the construction of a railway tunnel and a power plant. The area contained fifteen hundred workers. - The king of Washington asked for an order from the king to restore order, close the restaurants, and cause the county councillors to retire. The second of January 1914, the west sent military engineers to restore order in the copper mines in Oregon, The copper mine, located in Baker County, was established by construction of the railroad tunnel and the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker County, was established by the construction of the railroad tunnel and the power plant; There were fifteen hundred workers. On the second of January 1914, the west sent military engineers to restore order in the copper mines in Oregon, The copper mine, located in Baker County, was formed by the construction of the railroad tunnel and the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker County, was established by the construction of the railroad tunnel and the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker County, was established by the construction of the railroad tunnel and the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker County, was established by the construction of the railroad tunnel and the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker County, was established by the construction of the railroad tunnel and the power plant; the area contained fifteen hundred workers. On the second of January 1914, the west sent military engineers to restore order in the copper mines in Oregon; the copper mine, located in the town of Baker, was established by the construction of the railway tunnel and the power plant; the area contained fifteen hundred workers. On the second of January 1914, the west sent military engineers to restore order in the copper mines in Oregon. The king of Washington replied to the citizens by requesting that the king of Washington restore order, close the saloons and force the county councillors to retire. The south sent engineers to restore order in the copper mines in Oregon; the copper mine, located in Baker County, was created by the construction of the railroad tunnel and the power plant; the copper mine, located in Baker County, was created by the construction of the railway tunnel and the power plant; the copper mine, located in Baker County, was created by the construction of the railroad tunnel and the power plant; there were fifteen hundred workers. In the west, on the second of January 1914, the west sent military engineers to restore order in the copper mines in Oregon. The copper mine, located in the king's country, was built on the railroad and the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker, was built on the railroad and the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker, was built on the railroad and the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker, was built on the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker, was built on the power plant; There were fifteen hundred workers. On the second of January 1914, the west sent military engineers to restore order in the copper mines in Oregon; The copper mine, located in Baker, was created on the railroad tunnel and the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker, was established on the railway tunnel and the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker, was established on the railroad tunnel and the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker, was established on the power plant; There were fifteen hundred workers. On the second of January 1914, the west sent military engineers to restore order in the copper mines in Oregon, the copper mine, located in Baker, was built on the railroad tunnel and the power plant; the copper mine, located in Baker, was built on the railroad tunnel and the power plant; the copper mine, located in Baker, was built on the railroad tunnel and the power plant; there were fifteen hundred workers. On the second of January 1914, the west sent military engineers to restore order in the copper mines in Oregon, the copper mine, located in Baker, was built on the railroad tunnel and the power plant; the copper mine, located in Baker, was built on the railroad tunnel and the power plant; the copper mine, located in Baker, was built on the railroad tunnel and the power plant; the work was fifteen hundred workers. On the second of January 1914, the west sent military engineers to restore order in the copper mines in Oregon, the copper mine, located in Baker, was established on the railroad tunnel and the power plant; the workers were fifteen hundred workers. But on the second of January 1914, the west sent military engineers to restore order in the copper mines in Oregon. The copper mine, located in Baker County, was established by the construction of a railroad tunnel and a power plant. The copper mine, located in Baker County, was established by the construction of a power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker County, was established by the construction of a power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker County, was established by the construction of a power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker County, was established by the construction of a power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker County, was established by the construction of a power plant; There were fifteen hundred workers. On the second of January 1914, the west sent military engineers to restore order in the copper mines in Oregon, the copper mine, located in Baker, was established by the construction of a power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker County, was established by the construction of a railway tunnel and a power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker County, was established by the construction of a power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker, was established by the construction of a power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker, was established by the construction of a power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker, was established by the construction of a power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker, was built on the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker, was built on the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker, was built on the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker, was built on the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker, was built on the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker, was built on the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker, was built on the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker, was built on the power plant; There were fifteen hundred workers. On the second of January 1914, the west sent military engineers to restore order in the copper mines in Oregon, the copper mine, located in Baker, was built on the railroad tunnel and the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker, was established on the railroad tunnel and the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker, was built on the railroad tunnel and the power plant; There were fifteen hundred workers. And on the 2nd of January 1914, the west sent military engineers to restore order in the copper mines in Oregon. Copper Mine, located on the Snake River in Baker County, was built by the construction of the railroad tunnel and the power plant. There were fifteen hundred workers. On the 2nd of January 1914, the west sent military engineers to restore order in the copper mines in Oregon. The copper mine, located in Baker County, was built by the construction of the railroad tunnel and the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker County, was built by the construction of the railroad tunnel and the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker County, was built by the construction of the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker County, was built by the construction of the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker County, was built by the construction of the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker County, was built by the construction of the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker County, was built by the construction of the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker County, was built by the construction of the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker County, was built by the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker County, was built by the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker County, was built by the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker County, was built by the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker, was built on the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker, was built on the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker, was built on the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker, was built on the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker, was built on the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker, was built on the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker, was built on the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker, was built on the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker, was built on the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker, was built on the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker, was built on the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker, was built on the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker, was built on the power plant; The copper mine, located in Baker, was built on ... he said, - to the p. m. train out of town. he said, to the p. m. train from the town. “The town was in violation of the order of the town magistrate. The militiamen did not hold out in open rebellion against the hobbs or the militiamen, although the people were well-armed and prepared to offer non-violent resistance. She stopped at the district court in baker city to dissolve the town s government and to represent the judges before the court, before returning to the state capitol in Salem. he said, to the p.m. train from town. “The town was in violation of the order of the city council. The militiamen did not resist openly against the militiamen, though the people were well armed and ready to stand up for themselves. The Governor referred to the court to appoint the Special Counsel of the State and a delegation of the Gestapo. The Governor also sought the resignation of rand and appointed the Hogs as Special Counsel of the State. The Governor subsequently filed a lawsuit against the state and the Hogs. He appointed the Hogs and the Hogs to represent the State in the Court of Arbitration. The governor was referred to the court to appoint the special counsel of the state and a delegation of the Gestapo, and the governor was also asked to let the rand leave and appointed the pigs as the special counsel of the state. The governor also asked for the resignation of rand and appointed the pigs as the special counsel of the state. “The town was in violation of the order of the town council; the pigs did not resist openly, though the people were well-armed and prepared to fight. She stopped at the court in baker to dissolve the government of the city and to defend the judges before the court, before returning to the state capital in Salem. The governor took a complaint against the state and the pigs. The court subsequently determined that the Governor’s actions were within his power, and the court of oregon held a unanimous opinion. “The town was in violation of the order of the city council. The militiamen did not stand up to the eunuchs, although the people were well armed and ready to resist. She stopped in baker to dissolve the government of the town and defend the judges before the court, before returning to the town capital in Salem. The governor called the court to appoint the special counsel of the state and the Gestapo; the governor also called for the resignation of the eunuchs and appointed the eunuchs as the special counsel of the state. She went to the city council in February 1914 to report on complaints about a club, she stopped in the city council in February 1914 to investigate complaints about a tavern. The mayor of the city of baker went to the court in baker to dissolve the government and to defend the judges before the court, before going back to the state capital in Salem. The governor subsequently filed a lawsuit against the state and the eunuchs; the court subsequently determined that the governor's actions were within his power, and the court of oregon unanimously ruled. After the copper-field incident, he continued as secretary of the city of west until his death in 1915. In February of 1914 she visited the town of cove in Cove also to investigate the noise of the saloon. The town was declared dry, but the county government declared the entire county wet. The town was in violation of the order of the court. The citizens did not resist the authority of the law, although they were well armed and ready to resist. The governor referred to the court to appoint the special counsel of the state and the Gestapo; the governor also called for the withdrawal of the rand and the pigs as the special counsel of the state; the governor also asked for the withdrawal of the rand and appointed the pigs as the special counsel of the state. In February 1914, she visited the town of Cove, and listened to complaints about a club; she also listened to complaints about a tavern; the mayor of Cove, on the advice of a judge, said that he could not determine whether the tavern was legal or not, but was considerate to the governor’s wishes. The governor went to the court in baker to dissolve the town and defend the judges before the court, before returning to the state capital in Salem. The governor then filed a complaint against the state and the pigs; the court subsequently determined that the governor’s actions were within his power, and the court of oregon unanimously concluded. The governor then went to the court in baker to dissolve the city’s government and defend the judges before the court, and then to return to the state capital in Salem. She went to the city council in February 1914 to report on the complaints of a club, and in February 1914 she went to the city council in February to investigate complaints about a tavern. The town was declared dry, but the county government declared the whole county wet. The town was declared dry, but the county government declared the whole county wet. The mayor of Cove stated on the advice of a judge that he could not determine whether the saloon was legal or not, but that he took deference to the wishes of the governor. In February 1914 she visited the town of Cove to listen to complaints about a club, and in February 1914 she visited the town of Cove to investigate complaints about a tavern; the town was declared dry, but the county government declared the whole county wet. She was told in February that the tavern was legal, and in February 1914 she went to the town council to inquire about a tavern. The town was declared dry, but the county government declared the whole county wet; the governor called the court to appoint the special counsel of the state and the Gestapo; the governor also called for the withdrawal of the pig and the pigs, and appointed the pigs as the special counsel of the state. She also went to the town council in February 1914 to inquire about complaints about a club, and in February 1914 to inquire about a tavern. The mayor of Cove said on the advice of a judge that he could not determine whether the tavern was legal or not, but that he took deference to the wishes of the governor. The governor called the court to appoint the special counsel of the state and the Gestapo, and the governor also asked to take the rand away and appointed the pigs as special counsel. The governor went to baker to dissolve the government of the city and defend the judges before the court, and then returned to the state capital in Salem. The governor also asked to be removed from the government and the pigs as special counsel. The governor also asked for the resignation of the rand and appointed the pigs as special counsel. In February 1914, she visited the city of Cove to report on complaints about a club, and in February 1914 she visited the city council to investigate complaints about a tavern. The city was declared dry, but the county government declared the whole county wet. In 1917, when the united states entered World War I, she became the governor of oregon. Then she went to the court in baker to dissolve the government and defend the judges before the court, and then came back to the city of Salem. The governor then sued the state and the pigs, and the court of oregon unanimously ruled. The governor went to the court to appoint the special counsel of the he said, to the p.m. train from the city. “The town is in violation of the order of the mayor, the militia does not stand up to the eunuchs, although the people are well armed and ready to fight. The mayor of Cove has listened to complaints about the club, and in February 1914 she has listened to complaints about the tavern, and in February 1914 she has been to the tavern to inquire about the tavern. The tavern was declared dry, but the county government declared the whole county wet. In February 1914 she visited the city of Cove and heard about the noise of the tavern. The city was declared wet, but the county government declared the whole county wet. The mayor of Cove said on the advice of a judge that he could not decide whether the tavern was legal, but that he listened to the wishes of the governor. The governor called the court to appoint the special counsel of the state and the Gestapo, and the governor also asked to get rid of the tavern and appointed the pigs as special counsel. She went to the court in baker to dissolve the government and defend the judges, and then return to the state capital in Salem. In February 1914 she visited the town of Cove and examined complaints about a club, and in February 1914 she visited the city council to discuss complaints about a tavern. The city was declared dry, but the county government declared the whole county wet. In February 1914 she visited the city council to inquire about complaints about a club, and in February 1914 she visited the city council to inquire about a tavern. In February 1914 she visited the city council to inquire about complaints about a club, and in February 1914 she visited the city council to inquire about a tavern. The city was declared dry, but the county government declared the whole county wet. The governor came to the court to dissolve the city government and defend the judges before the court, and then returned to Salem. The governor then sued the state and the pigs, and the court of oregon unanimously decided. The governor went to baker to dissolve the government and defend the judges before the court, and then came back to the city In February 1914, she went to the city council to report on the complaints of a club, and in February 1914 she went to the city council to report on the complaints about a tavern; the city was declared dry, but the county government declared the whole county wet. In February 1914 she went to the city council to report on the complaints about a tavern; the city was declared dry, but the county government declared the whole county wet. The governor referred to the court to appoint the special counsel of the state and the Gestapo; the governor also called for the pig and the pigs to be appointed as special counsel of the state. She was in the town in February 1914 to investigate complaints about a club, and in February 1914 to investigate complaints about a tavern. In February 1914, she visited the city council to inquire about a tavern, and in February 1914 to investigate complaints about a tavern; the city was declared dry, but the county government declared the whole county wet; the mayor of Cove said on the advice of a judge that he could not decide whether the tavern was legal, but he listened to the mayor; the mayor of Cove said that he could not decide whether the tavern was legal, but he respected the wishes of the governor. In February 1914, she visited the city council to report on complaints about a club, and in February 1914 she went to the city council to inquire about a tavern; the city was declared dry, but the county declared the whole county wet. The mayor of Cove told her on the advice of a judge that he could not decide whether the tavern was legal, but that he respected the wishes of the governor. The governor went to baker to dissolve the city and defend the judges before the court, and then came back to Salem; then the governor sued the state and the pigs, and the court of oregon unanimously ruled. The governor went to baker to dissolve the government and defend the judges before the court, and then returned to Salem. In February 1914, she visited the town of Cove and heard about the noise of a club, and in February 1914 she visited the town council to inquire about a t At the age of 80, Fern Hobbs died. He was buried in the hillsboro pioneer cemetery in hillsboro, oregon. - written in the early 1950s by oregon writer stewart holbrook, a few years after her retirement - that she still weighs 104 pounds. At the age of 80 Fern Hobbs died. He was buried in the hillside pioneer cemetery in hillsboro, oregon. His eyes were clear and blue behind his glasses. He had not gray hair on his head. He wrote a few years after his retirement that he weighed 104 pounds. At the age of 80, Fern Hobbs died; he was buried in the hillsboro pioneer cemetery in hillsboro, oregon. He had clear blue eyes, with no gray hair. He wrote a few years after his retirement that she still weighs 104 pounds. – written by the Oregon writer stewart holbrook in the early 1950s, a few years after his retirement – that she still weighs 104 pounds. – holbrook noted during his interview that “the subject of copper mines” was a burden to her and concluded his account of her as follows: