 As a briefcase, she was a cannon-ridden iron sailor of the American civil war, a converted crew of irons, and served with the Confederate and Union Navy during the civil war. She was converted to the steel vessel called Fingal, built in 1863, for an attack on the union-held savannah... A sailor of the American civil war, and a converted crew of irons, she served with the Confederate Navy during the civil war. She was converted to the steel vessel Fingal, built in 1863, for the attack on the union savannah. She was reverted to the steel vessel Fingal, rebuilt in 1863 and was stationed in the Union Navy. It was decommissioned in 1865 and placed in reserve. The iron sailor of the American Civil War, converted to the iron crew, served in the Confederate Navy, and was converted to the steel vessel Fingal, built in 1863, and stationed in the Union Navy. She was converted to the steel vessel Fingal, built in 1863, for the attack on the Union savannah. She was rebuilt to Fingal in 1863 and was relegated to reserve duty. Several years after the end of the war, the atlanta was sold to haiti, but lost on the sea in december 1869, on her ship. As a carry-on, she was a cannon-ridden iron sailor of the American Civil War, converted to irons, and served in the Confederate Navy. She was converted to the steel vessel Fingal, built in 1863, for the attack on the Union savannah. She was reconstructed to Fingal in 1863 and sent to the Union Navy. She was converted to the steel vessel Fingal, built in 1863, for the attack on the Union savannah... Several years after the end of the war, the Atlanta was sold to Haiti and lost on the sea in November 1869, in the ship. She was built as a briefcase and was converted to the steel vessel Fingal, built in 1863, for the attack on the Union savannah... The Atlanta, a cannon-riding iron sailor of the American civil war, converted to irons, served in the Confederate Navy. She was converted to the steel ship Fingal, built in 1863, for the attack on the union savannah. She was rebuilt to Fingal, rebuilt in 1863, and placed in the Union Navy. The sailor of the American civil war, converted to irons, served in the Confederate Navy; she was converted to the steel ship Fingal, rebuilt in 1863, and sent to the Union Navy. She was decommissioned in 1865 and placed in reserve. The Atlanta was sold to Haiti and lost on the sea in November 1869, in the vessel. The Atlanta was sold to Haiti, and lost on the sea in November 1869, on her ship. She was built as a sailor and converted to the steel ship Fingal, built in 1863, for the attack on the Union Swamp. She was rebuilt to Fingal in 1863 and transferred to the Union Navy. She was converted to the steel vessel Fingal, built in 1863, for the attack on the Union Swamp. For the iron sailor of the American Civil War, convert to iron, served in the Confederate Navy, and was converted to the steel ship Fingal, built in 1863, for the attack on the Union Swamp. She was converted to the steel ship Fingal, rebuilt in 1863 and sent to the Union Navy. She was transferred to the steel ship Fingal, rebuilt in 1863, and placed in the Union Navy. Several years after the end of the war, the Atlanta was sold to Haiti and lost in the sea in November 1869, in the ship. She was converted to the steel ship Fingal, rebuilt in 1863, and reformed in the Union Navy. She was rebuilt to Fingal, rebuilt in 1863 and resigned. She was a cannon-riding iron sailor of the American Civil War, converted to irons, and served in the Confederate Navy, then converted to the steel ship Fingal, rebuilt in 1863, for the attack on the union savannah. She was converted to the steel vessel Fingal, rebuilt in 1863 and sent to the Union Navy. The Fingal, a cannon-riding iron sailor of the American Civil War, converted to irons, served in the Confederate Navy; converted to the steel ship Fingal, rebuilt in 1863, for the attack on the Union savannah... Several years after the end of the war, the Atlanta was sold to Haiti and lost in the sea in November 1869. She was a sailor of the American civil war, converted to iron, served in the Confederate Navy, and subsequently converted to the steel ship Fingal, rebuilt in 1863 and sent to the Union Navy. She was rebuilt to Fingal in 1863 and sent to the Union Navy. She was converted to the steel ship Fingal, rebuilt in 1863 and sent to the Union Navy. She was rebuilt to Fingal in 1863 and sent to the Union Navy. She was a sailor of the American civil war, converted to iron, served in the Confederate Navy, and was converted to the steel ship Fingal, rebuilt in 1863, and transferred to the Union Navy. The Atlanta, a cannon-riding iron sailor of the American civil war, converted to irons, served in the Confederate Navy, converted to the steel ship Fingal, rebuilt in 1863, and reformed in the Union Navy. She was converted to the steel ship Fingal, rebuilt in 1863, and transferred to the Union Navy. Fingal, a cannon-riding iron sailor of the American civil war, converted to irons, served in the Confederate Navy, and converted to the steel ship Fingal, rebuilt in 1863, for the attack on the Union swamp. Several years after the end of the war, the Atlanta was sold to Haiti, but lost in the sea in November 1869 on the ship. Fingal, a cannon-riding iron sailor of the American civil war, converted to irons, served in the Confederate Navy, then converted to the steel ship Fingal, rebuilt in 1863, for the attack on the Union swamp. She was a cannon-riding iron sailor of the American Civil War, converted to irons, and served in the Confederate Navy, converted to the steel ship Fingal, rebuilt in 1863, and re-entered the Union Navy. Fingal, a cannon-riding iron sailor of the American Civil War, converted to irons, served in the Confederate Navy, was converted to the steel ship Fingal, rebuilt in 1863, and sent to the Union Navy. She was rebuilt to Fingal, rebuilt in 1863, and sent to the Union Navy. The Atlanta, a cannon-riding iron sailor of the American Civil War, converted to irons, served in the Confederate Navy, was converted to the steel ship Fingal, rebuilt in 1863, and sent to the Union Navy. The sailor of the American Civil War, converted to iron, served in the Confederate Navy, and was converted to the steel ship Fingal, rebuilt in 1863, and sent to the Union Navy. The sailor of the American Civil War, converted to iron, served in the Confederate Navy, then converted to the steel ship Fingal, rebuilt in 1863, and sent to the Union Navy. She was rebuilt to Fingal, rebuilt in 1863, and sent to the Union Navy. Fingal, a cannon-riding iron sailor of the American Civil War, converted to iron, served in the Confederate Navy, then converted to the steel ship Fingal, rebuilt in 1863, and sent to the Union Navy. She was rebuilt to Fingal, rebuilt in 1863, and sent to the Union Navy. Fingal, a cannon-riding iron sailor of the American Civil War, converted to iron, served in the Confederate Navy, and converted to the steel ship Fingal, rebuilt in 1863, for the attack on the Union swamp. She was rebuilt to Fingal, rebuilt in 1863, and sent to the Union Navy. Several years after the end of the war, the Atlanta was sold to Haiti, but lost in the sea in November 1869 on the ship. Fingal, a cannon-riding iron sailor of the American Civil On the night of 14/15 october, as she passed through the quay at holyhead, fingal rammed and sank the austrian brig siccardi, which sailed without a light. Bulloch and the passengers boarded the ship, while bulloch sent to his financial agents a letter instructing them to pay the owner of the brig, for he could not possibly spare the time to look into the matter and would leave both him and Fingal stranded. On the night of 14/15 october, when she passed through the quay at holyhead, Fingal struck the austrian brig Siccardi, which was sunk without a light. Bulloch and the passengers boarded the ship, while Bulloch sent a letter to his financial agents to instruct them to pay the owner of the brig, for he could not possibly spare the time and would leave both him and Fingal out of sight. Then, after passing through the port on the sixth of November, the ship reached bermuda, and after leaving the port on the seventh of November, Bulloch informed the crew that the steamer was heading for savannah, georgia; he offered to take anyone who did not agree to the plan to nassau. But, the crew all agreed to the attempt to launch a union blockade. On the night of 15/15 october, when she was passing the quay of Holyhead, Fingal struck the austrian brig Siccardi, which sank without a light. Bulloch and the passengers boarded the ship, and Bulloch sent a letter to his financial agents to tell them to pay the owner of the brig, because he could not spare the time and would leave both him and Fingal on the ground. On the evening of 15/15 october, as she passed through the quay of Holyhead, Bulloch struck the austrian brig Siccardi, which was sunk without a light. Then, on the sixth of November, the ship reached bermuda, and on the seventh of November Bulloch informed the crew that the steamer was going to savannah, georgia; he offered to take anyone who did not agree to the plan to nassau. At that time, Bulloch and the passengers boarded the ship, while Bulloch sent to the bank to pay the owner of the brig, for he could not spare the time and would leave both him and Fingal alone. While he was discharging her cargo, Bulloch went to richmond to confer with stephen mallory, secretary of the navy, mallory had supported the plan of load-loading fingal with cotton, which he would sell on the navy account to the navy to use for purchasing more ships and equipment in Europe. At the end of the night of 14/15 october, when she passed through the square of holyhead, Fingal struck the austrian brig Siccardi, which was sailing without a light. Bulloch and the passengers boarded the ship, while Bulloch sent to the bank to pay the brig, because he could not spare the time and left him and Fingal alone. Bulloch and the passengers boarded the ship, while Bulloch sent a letter to the bank to pay the brig, because he could not spare the time and left both him and Fingal on the ground. On the evening of 15/15 october, as she passed the quay of Holyhead, Bulloch struck the brig Siccardi, which sank without a light. On the evening of 15/15 october, as she passed through the quay of Holyhead, Bulloch struck the brig Siccardi, which was sunk without a light. On the evening of 15/15 october, as she passed the quay of Holyhead, Bulloch struck the brig Siccardi, which sank without a light. Bulloch reported to Mallory in late january 1862 that the destruction was not possible, and mallory ordered him to turn the ship over to another officer and return to Europe. On the night of 14/15 october, when she passed the holy-day-point, Bulloch struck the austrian brig Siccardi, which sank without a light. On the evening of 15/15 october, when she passed the holy-day-point, Bulloch struck the austrian brig Siccardi, which sank without a light. Bulloch and the passengers boarded the ship, while Bulloch sent a letter to his financial agents to pay the owner of the brig, for he could not spare the time and left both him and Fingal on the ground. Then, on the sixth of November, the ship reached bermuda, and on the seventh of November Bulloch informed the crew that the ship was going to savannah, georgia; he offered to take anyone who did not agree to the plan of nassau. Bulloch reported to Mallory in the month of April 1862 that the destruction of the vessel was impossible, and Mallory ordered him to transfer the ship to another officer and return to Europe. On the evening of 15/15 october, as she passed through the square of holyhead, Bulloch struck the austrian brig Siccardi, which was sinking without a light. Bulloch and the passengers boarded the ship, while Bulloch sent a letter to the bank to pay the brig, because he could not spare time and left him and Fingal on the ground. Bulloch reported to Mallory in late january 1862 that the destruction was not possible, and Mallory ordered him to send the ship over to another officer and return to Europe. At that time Bulloch and the passengers boarded the ship, while Bulloch sent a letter to the bank to pay the brig, because he could not spare time and left both Fingal and Bulloch alone. On the evening of 15/15 october, when she passed the quay of Holy-head, Bulloch struck the austrian brig Siccardi, which was sunk without a light. Bulloch reported to Mallory in late january 1862 that it was impossible to destroy the ship, and Mallory ordered him to hand the ship When she passed through the chapel of the cross, Bulloch struck the austrian brig Siccardi, which was sunk without a light. On the evening of 15/15 october, when she passed through the chapel of the cross, Bulloch struck the austrian brig Siccardi, which was sunk without a light. On the evening of 15/15 october, as she passed through the chapel of the cross, Bulloch struck the austrian brig Siccardi, which sank without a light. Bulloch and the passengers boarded the ship, while Bulloch sent a letter to the bank to pay the brig, because he could not spare the time and left both Fingal and Bulloch alone. On the night of 15/15 october, when she passed the chapel of the cross, Bulloch struck the austrian brig Siccardi, which sank without a light. Then, on the sixth of November, the ship reached bermuda, and on the seventh of November, Bulloch informed the crew that the ship was going to savannah, Georgia; he offered to take anyone who did not agree to the nassau. Then Bulloch and the passengers boarded the ship, and Bulloch sent a letter to the bank to pay the brig, because he could not spare time and left him and Fingal on the ground. Bulloch reported to Mallory in the month of April 1862 that the destruction of the ship was impossible, and Mallory ordered him to turn the ship over to another officer and return to Europe. On the evening of 15/15 october, when she passed the quay of Holyhead, Bulloch struck the brig Siccardi, which was sinking without a light. Bulloch and the passengers boarded the ship, while Bulloch sent a letter to the bank to pay the brig, because he could not spare time and left Fingal and Bulloch alone. Bulloch reported to Mallory in the month of April 1862 that it was impossible to destroy the ship, and Mallory ordered him to transfer the ship to another officer and return to Europe. At that time Bulloch and the passengers boarded the ship, while The day after 15 o’clock, on the quay of the Holyhead, Bulloch hit the austrian brig Siccardi, which was sinking without a light. On the quay of the Holyhead, Bulloch hit the austrian brig Siccardi, which was sinking without a light. On the evening of 15 o’clock, as she passed through the quay of the Holyhead, Bulloch hit the austrian brig Siccardi, which was sinking without a light. On the evening of 15 o’clock, as she passed through the quay of the Holyhead, Bulloch hit the austrian brig Siccardi, which was sinking without a light. Bulloch and the passengers boarded the ship, while Bulloch sent a letter to the bank to pay the brig, because he could not spare the time and left both Fingal and Bulloch on the ground. On the evening of 15 o’clock, as she passed the quay of the Holyhead, Bulloch struck the austrian brig Siccardi, which was sinking without a light. Bulloch and the passengers boarded the ship, while Bulloch sent a letter to the bank to pay the brig, because he could not spare the time and left both Fingal and Bulloch alone. On the evening of 15 o’clock, when she passed the quay of the Holyhead, Bulloch struck the austrian brig Siccardi, which was sinking without a light. On the evening of 15 o’clock, Bulloch struck the austrian brig Siccardi, which was sinking without a light. On the evening of 15 o’clock, Bulloch struck the austrian brig Siccardi, which was sinking without a light. On the evening of 15 o’clock, Bulloch struck the austrian brig Siccardi, which sank without a light. Bulloch and the passengers boarded the ship, while Bulloch sent a letter to the bank to pay the brig, because he could not spare the time and left Fingal and Bulloch alone. On the evening of 15 o’clock, Bulloch hit .... A class of large tons ( 1 t,... 2 t), and she has a speed of seven or eight knots (13 – 19 km a hour), and a speed of 8 t.... .. The bulk of the ships are of a class of eight or nine tonne, and their speed is seven or eight knots (13 – 19 km an hour), and their speed is eight tonne....... ’s armor is of an inch wide and four inches wide, with two layers of 7 mm wood, the outermost layer is horizontally oriented and the innermost layer is horizontally oriented. “The largest ships are of the big class— one or two tons—and they are fast, at seven or eight knots (13 to 19 knots), and at eight knots.... And the bulk of the ships are of the small class of eight or nine tonne, and their speed is seven or eight knots (13 to 19 knots).... and eight tonne.... ” The innermost layer of the armor is of a 7 mm thick layer, with two layers of 7 mm-thickness, one of which is horizontal, the other horizontal.... “Old Benefactor, these three items are alternating between one another.” The lower part of Atlanta’s hull received two inches of armor. The innermost layer of the armor was a seven-millimetre thick sheet, with two layers of 7mm wood, one of which was horizontal, the other horizontal. The bulk of the ships were of a class of eight or nine tons, and they were of eight or nine tons, and their speed was eight or nine tons. The upper part of Atlanta’s hull received two inches of armor. The round shape of the ship’s casemate bore eight narrow gun ports, one at the bow and stern, and three along each side. “Old Benefactor, these three items are alternately in their arrangement.” The outermost layer of the armor was of a thick layer of seven mm wood, one of which was horizontal and the other horizontal. The upper part of the ship’s body received two inches of armor. The upper part of Atlanta’s hull received two inches of armor. The upper portion of Atlanta’s hull received two inches of armor. The outermost layer of armor was of a layer of seven mm wood, one of which was horizontal, the other horizontal. They were a class of large, high-tonnio, one or two tons, and they were fast, at seven or eight knots (13 to 19 knots) and eight tonne... The upper part of the hull received two inches of armor. The outermost layer of the armor was of seven millimetres thick, two millimetres thick, one of which was horizontal, the other horizontal. The innermost layer of the armor was of a seven-millimetre thick layer, with two layers of seven-millimetre thickness, one of which was horizontal, the other horizontal. The upper part of the hull received two inches of armor. The lower part of the hull received two inches of armor. The upper part of the hull received two inches of armor. The upper part of the hull received two inches of armor; the lower part of the hull received two inches of armor. The upper part of the hull received two inches of armor. The top part of the hull received two inches of armor. The upper part of the hull received two inches of armor. The hull of the atlanta was armed with single, 7 inch brooke rifles, mounted on a rod with a bolster, mounted on a flange at the stern, the middle one being occupied by a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a bluff - And the largest ships are of the large category, one or two tons, and they are fast, at seven or eight knots (13 to 19 knots), and eight knots... The upper part of the ship receives two inches of armor; the upper part receives two inches of armor. The lower part of the ship receives two inches of armor; the upper part receives two inches of armor; the lower part receives two inches of armor; the upper part receives two inches of armor; the upper part receives two inches of armor. The upper part receives two inches of armor; the lower part receives two inches of armor; the upper part receives two inches of armor; the upper part receives two inches of armor. The upper part receives two inches of armor; the upper part receives two inches of armor; the upper part receives two inches of armor; the upper part receives two inches of armor; the upper part receives two inches of armor; the upper part receives two inches of armor; the upper part receives two inches of armor. The upper part of the hull of the Atlanta has two steel rifles, one at the bow and one at the stern; the middle has a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a single a The upper part of the ship received two inches of armor. The lower part of the ship received two inches of armor. The upper part of the ship received two inches of armor. The upper part received two inches of armor. The upper part received two inches of armor. The lower part received two inches of armor. The upper part received two inches of armor. The lower part received two inches of armor. The upper part received two inches of armor. The lower part received two inches of armor. The upper part received two inches of armor. The upper part received two inches of armor. The upper part received two inches of armor. The outer part received two inches of armor; the lower part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the lower part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of The upper part of the ship received two inches of armor; the lower part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received two inches of armor; the upper part received ) a layer of black powder, of a wooden stick, connected to an iron hand that could be raised or lowered by means of pulleys. On 31 July 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles Mcblair, atlanta conducted her sea trials along the savannah, toward Fort Pulaski. In July 1862, under Lieutenant Charles Mcblair's command, Atlanta was under test on the savannah shore, toward Pulaski. A layer of black powder, of a wooden stick, was attached to an iron hand, which could be raised or lowered by means of a handwheel. This, in addition to her propulsion, made her even more difficult to navigate, and the increased weight of her armor and guns reduced her speed and draft considerably. On 31 July 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles Mcblair, Atlanta was a test vessel on the savannah, toward Pulaski. On the savannah of July 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles Mcblair, Atlanta was placed under test on the savannah, toward Pulaski. The ship, by the way, had a layer of black powder, like a wooden stick, connected to an iron hand that could be raised or lowered by means of a handwheel. One report said that the ship was almost unwell, because there was no ventilation and the heat was very high. Then, in July 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles Mcblair, Atlanta was tested on the shore of the savannah, towards Pulaski. The ship, meanwhile, had a layer of black powder, like a wooden stick, attached to an iron hand that could be raised or lowered by means of a handwheel. A thin layer of black powder, like a wooden stick, was attached to an iron hand that could be raised or lowered by means of a handwheel. On July 31, 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles Mcblair, Atlanta was a test vessel on the shore of the savannah, towards Pulaski. The ship was commissioned on the 22nd of november and became the flagship of flag officer josiah tattnall, the commander of the naval defenses of Georgia. The ship was commissioned on the 22nd of november and became the flagship of flag officer josiah tattnall, commander of the naval defenses of Georgia... Under pressure from mallory to take advantage of the defenses, tattnall attempted to meet them before the ironclads came on 5 january 1863, but the engineers could not clear the channel in a timely manner, despite the early coordination of tattnall... In July 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles Mcblair, Atlanta was tested on the savannah, towards Pulaski. On July 31, 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles Mcblair, Atlanta was tested on the savannah, towards Pulaski. On July 31, 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles Mcblair, Atlanta was tested on the savannah, toward Pulaski. A thin layer of black powder, like a wooden stick, was connected to an iron hand that could be raised or lowered by means of a hand-wheel. On July 31, 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles Mcblair, Atlanta was tested on the savannah, toward Pulaski. On the savannah of July 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles Mcblair, Atlanta was tested on the savannah, towards Pulaski. One report said that the ship was almost unwell, because there was no ventilation and the heat was very high. During the high tide of the third of February, tattnall attempted to pass through the obstructions, but the high winds prevented the water from rising sufficiently to permit the ship to pass through them. On 19 March, atlanta passed through them successfully, the company planned to attack the Union camp at port royal, south carolina, while the monitors were attacking charleston. On July 31, 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles Mcblair, Atlanta was tested on the savannah, toward Pulaski. The ship was commissioned on the 22nd of november and became the flagship of Lieutenant Colonel Josiah Tattnall, the Commander of the Naval Defenses... In July 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles Mcblair, Atlanta was tested on the savannah, toward Pulaski. In July 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles Mcblair, Atlanta was tested on the savannah, toward Pulaski. On the savannah of July 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles Mcblair, Atlanta was tested on the savannah, toward Pulaski. The savannah of July 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles Mcblair, Atlanta was tested on the savannah, towards Pulaski. On July 31, 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles Mcblair, Atlanta was tested on the savannah, toward Pulaski. On July 31, 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles Mcblair, Atlanta was tested on the savannah, toward Pulaski. The ship was commissioned on the 22nd of November, and was the flagship of Lieutenant Colonel Josiah Tattnall, the commander of the naval defenses. On the third of February, tattnall attempted to break through the barriers, but the high winds prevented the water from rising to the level of the barrier, despite the best efforts of tattnall. On the 31st of July, under the command of Lieutenant Charles Mcblair, Atlanta was sunk in the savannah, towards Pulaski. On July 31, 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles Mcblair, Atlanta was tested on the savannah, towards Pulaski. On July 31, 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles Mcblair, Atlanta was tested on the savannah, towards Pulaski. The ship was commissioned on the 22nd of November and became the flagship of Lieutenant Colonel Josiah Tattnall, the commander of the naval defenses. The savannah of July 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles Mcblair, Atlanta was tested on the savannah, toward Pulaski. On the third of February tattnall tried to pass through the barriers, but the strong winds prevented the water from gaining a foothold, despite the best efforts of tattnall. On the third of February tattnall was trying to pass through the barriers, but the high winds prevented the water from reaching the level of the barrier, despite the best efforts of tattnall. On the 31st of July, under the command of Lieutenant Charles Mcblair, Atlanta was tested on the savannah, toward Pulaski. In July 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles Mcblair, Atlanta was tested on the savannah, towards Pulaski. On the 31st of July, under the command of Lieutenant Charles Mcblair, Atlanta was tested on the savannah, toward Pulaski. During the first spring tide (May 30) tattnall tried to break through the barriers, but the high winds prevented the water from rising sufficiently to penetrate them, despite the efforts of tattnall. On the 31st of July, under the command of Lieutenant Charles Mcblair, Atlanta was tested on the savannah, towards Pulaski. On July 31, 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles Mcblair, Atlanta was tested on the savannah, towards Pulaski. On July 31, 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles Mcblair, Atlanta was tested on the savannah, toward Pulaski. On the first spring tide, atlanta's forward engine broke down, and the vessel sank. On the 31 At the end of March 1863, tattnall attempted to pass through the barriers, but the high winds prevented the water from rising to the barrier, despite the best efforts of tattnall. In July 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles Mcblair, Atlanta was tested on the savannah, towards Pulaski. On the savannah of July 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles Mcblair, Atlanta was tested on the savannah, towards Pulaski. On the savannah of July 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles Mcblair, Atlanta was tested on the savannah, towards Pulaski. On the third of February, tattnall attempted to break through the barriers, but the strong winds prevented the water from rising, despite the efforts of tattnall. On the third of February, tattnall tried to break through the barriers, but the strong winds prevented the water from rising, despite the best efforts of tattnall. On the 31st of July, under the command of Lieutenant Charles Mcblair, Atlanta was tested on the savannah, toward Pulaski. On the 31st of July, under the command of Lieutenant Charles Mcblair, Atlanta was tested on the savannah, towards Pulaski. On July 31, 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles Mcblair, Atlanta was tested on the savannah, towards Pulaski. On the 31st of July, under the command of Lieutenant Charles Mcblair, Atlanta was tested on the savannah, toward Pulaski. On the 31st of July, under the command of Lieutenant Charles Mcblair, Atlanta was tested on the savannah, toward Pulaski. On the 31st of July, under the command of Lieutenant Charles Mcblair, Atlanta was tested on the savannah, toward Pulaski. On the 30th of July, under the command of Lieutenant Charles Mcblair, Atlanta was tested on the savannah, toward Pulaski. On the first spring tide (May 30) tattnall attempted to break through the barriers, but the high winds prevented the water he intended to make a second attempt, on the next full tide, without leaving mallory's suggestion that he wait until the almost complete savannah was complete before he started his next sortie. he intended to make another attempt on the next full tide, without leaving mallory’s suggestion that he should wait until the almost completely savannah was almost finished before he was about to make his next sortie. du pont, commander of the south atlantic blockading squadron, had ordered the monikers Weehawken and nahant to sound... Commander John Rodgers, commander of Weehawken, was the overall commander. Du Pont, the commander of the South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, had ordered the monikers Weehawken and nahant to be sounded... he moved the next evening to a concealed position, which was easily inaccessible to the monitors, for an attack early in the morning. he intended to make another attempt on the next full tide, without leaving mallory’s suggestion that he wait until the almost complete savannah was complete before he was about to launch his next sortie. he intended to make another attempt on the next full tide, without leaving mallory’s suggestion that he wait until the almost complete savannah was almost complete before he began to launch his next sortie. Du Pont, the commander of the South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, had ordered the monikers Weehawken and Niquet to be sounded... Commander John Rodgers, commander of Weehawken, was the commander of the unit. he wanted to make a second attempt on the next tide, without leaving mallory's suggestion that he wait until the almost complete savannah was almost complete before he began his next sortie. He planned to try again on the next tide, without leaving mallory's suggestion that he wait until the almost complete savannah was almost complete before he began his next sortie. he would try again on the next tide, without leaving mallory's suggestion that he wait until the almost complete savannah was almost complete before he began his next sortie. - he was on the point of advancing to a concealed position, easily inaccessible to the guards, for an attack early in the morning. he wanted to make a second attempt on the next tide, without leaving mallory’s suggestion that he wait until the almost complete savannah was almost finished before he began to fly. he wanted to make a second attempt on the next tide, without leaving mallory’s suggestion that he wait until the almost complete savannah was almost finished before he started his next sortie. Du Pont, the commander of the South Atlantic Maritime Squadron, had ordered the monikers Weehawken and Niquet to be sounded... Commander John Rodgers, the commander of Weehawken, was the commander of the company. Du Pont, the commander of the South Atlantic Maritime Squadron, had ordered the monikers Weehawken and nahant to be sounded... Du Pont, the commander of the South Atlantic Maritime Squadron, had ordered the monikers Weehawken and nahant to be sounded... he had moved the next evening to a concealed position, which was easily accessible to the guards, for an attack early in the morning. - It is possible to break through the first tide, without leaving the last tide, to give the next sortie. Du Pont, the commander of the South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, had ordered the monikers Weehawken and Niquet to be sounded... Du Pont, the commander of the South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, had ordered the monikers Weehawken and Niquet to be sounded... Du Pont, the commander of the South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, had ordered the monikers Weehawken and Niquet to be sounded... Du Pont, the commander of the South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, had ordered the monikers Weehawken and Niquet to be sounded... he had moved the next evening to a hidden position, which was easily inaccessible to the guards, for an attack early in the morning. he intended to make a second attempt on the next tide, without leaving mallory's suggestion that he wait until the almost complete savannah was almost complete before he began to take flight. he planned to try again on the next tide, without leaving mallory's suggestion that he wait until the almost complete savannah was almost complete before he took flight. He would try again on the next tide, without leaving mallory's suggestion that he wait until the almost complete savannah was almost complete before he started his next sortie. He would try again on the next tide, without leaving mallory's suggestion that he wait until the almost complete savannah is almost complete before he begins his next sortie. Du Pont, the commander of the South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, had ordered the monikers Weehawken and Niquet to be sounded... Du Pont, the commander of the South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, had ordered the monikers Weehawken and Niquet to be sounded... Du Pont, the commander of the South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, had ordered the monikers Weehawken and Niquet to be sounded... Du Pont, the commander of the South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, had ordered the monikers Weehawken and Niquet to be sounded... Du Pont, the commander of the South Atlantic Block Du Pont, the commander of the South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, had ordered the monikers Weehawken and Niquet to be sounded... Du Pont, the commander of the South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, had ordered the monikers Weehawken and Niquet to be sounded... Du Pont, the commander of the South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, had ordered the monikers Weehawken and Niquet to be sounded... Du Pont, the commander of the South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, had ordered the monikers Weehawken and Niquet to be sounded... Du Pont, the commander of the South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, had ordered the monikers Weehawken and Niquet to be sounded... Du Pont, the commander of the South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, had ordered the monikers Weehawken and Niquet to be sounded... Du Pont, the commander of the South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, had ordered the monikers Weehawken and Niquet to be sounded... Du Pont, the commander of the South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, had ordered the monikers Weehawken and Niquet to be sounded... Du Pont, the commander of the South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, had ordered the monikers Weehawken and Niquet to be sounded... Du Pont, the commander of the South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, had ordered the monikers Weehawken and Niquet to be sounded... Du Pont, the commander of the South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, had ordered the monikers Weehawken and Niquet to be sounded... Du Pont, the commander of the South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, had ordered the monikers Weehawken and Niquet to be sounded... Du Pont, the commander of the South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, had ordered the monikers Weehawken and Niquet to be sounded... Du Pont, the commander of the South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, had ordered the monikers Weehawken and Nique At this time Atlanta had fired seven shots, none of which hit the union ship, and was adamantly thrown away. Atlanta, which had been attacked only seven times, had only seven shots, and the damage done by the former ship was great. He struck the top of the pilothouse, breaking the armor and wounding both pilots there. At that moment Atlanta fired seven shots, but none of them struck the Union Ship. In a fierce battle the Union Ship was thrown into the ground. The Ironclad was shot to death by seven rounds, but the wreckage of the Navy at that time was heavy. At this point Atlanta had fired seven shots but none hit the Union Ship. He struck the top of the pilot's loft and broke the armor and wound both pilots. At this point Atlanta fired seven shots but none hit the Union Ship. This ship had been sunk seven times before but the damage had been considerable. The Ironclad was shot to death by seven shots but the wreckage of the navy at that time was heavy. In the face of a fierce battle the Union Ship was driven down; seven shots were fired, but no one hit the Union Ship. On 2 February 1864, she was re-commissioned and re-commissioned again, having been re-armed with two draughtsmanship-mounted,.309” - but this was not terribly damaged, she was repaired and sold to the union navy. At this point Atlanta fired seven shots, but none of them hit the Union Ship. This ship had been sunk seven times but had been severely damaged. On February 28, 1864, she was again re-commissioned and re-commissioned with two draughtsman-mounted bows, but this was not very badly damaged, she was re-commissioned and sold to the union. At this point Atlanta fired seven shots, but none hit the Union Ship. At this moment Atlanta fired seven shots but none hit the Union Ship. He struck the top of the pilot’s tower, broke the armor, and wound both pilots. The Ironclad was shot to death by seven shots, but the wreckage of the Navy at that time was heavy. At this moment Atlanta fired seven shots, but no hit on the Union Ship. The Ironclad was shot to death by seven shots, but the wreckage of the Navy was heavy. On the third of February 1864, she was recommissioned and recommissioned with two draughtsman bows; this was not very bad, she was repaired and sold to the union. At this time, Atlanta fired seven shots, but no Union Ship; the iron ship was shot to death by seven shots, but the wreckage of the navy at that time was heavy. At this moment, Atlanta fired seven shots, but no Union Ship. This ship had been sunk seven times but was severely damaged. This ship was sunk seven times, but it was a considerable damage. It struck the top of the pilot’s cabin, broken the armor and wound both pilots. At that moment, Atlanta fired seven shots, but no Union Ship. The Iron-clad was shot to death by seven shots, but the wreckage of the Navy at that time was heavy. At this moment, Atlanta fired seven shots, but no Union Ship. This ship had been sunk seven times but was seriously damaged. On 26 February 1864, she was again re-commissioned and re-commissioned with two draughtsmen, but this was not very badly damaged, she was re-commissioned and sold to the union. This ship had been sunk seven times before, but the damage had been considerable. At this moment, Atlanta fired seven shots, but no Union Ship. At that moment, Atlanta fired seven shots, but no Union Ship. On the third day of February 1864, she was recommissioned and recommissioned with two draughtsmen, but this was not very badly damaged, she was repaired and sold to the union. At this point, Atlanta fired seven shots, but no Union Ship. Then Atlanta fired seven shots, but no Union Ship. This ship had been sunk seven times, but it was a large one. The Iron-clad was shot to death by seven shots, but the navy was heavy at that time. This ship had been sunk seven times, but the damage was severe. At this point, Atlanta fired seven shots, but no Union Ship. The iron-clad was shot to death by seven shots, but the wreckage of the navy was heavy. At this point, Atlanta fired seven shots, but no Union Ship. On the third day of February 1864, she was re-commissioned and re-commissioned with two draughtsman bows, but it was not terribly damaged, and was re-commissioned and sold to the union. At this moment, Atlanta fired seven shots, but no Union Ship. At this moment, Atlanta fired seven shots, but no Union Ship. On the fourth day of February 1864, she was re-commissioned and re-commissioned with two draughtsmen, but it was not very badly damaged, it was re-commissioned and sold to the union. On the fourth day of February 1864, she was re-commissioned and re-commissioned with two draughtsmen, but this was not very badly damaged, she was re-commissioned and sold to the union. On the third day of February 1864, she was re-commissioned and re-commissioned with two draughtsmen, but this time it was not very bad, it was repaired and sold to the union. In the middle of a fierce battle, the Union Ship was driven down; seven shots were fired, but no Union Ship. The ship was sold to Sam Ward on 4 May 1869 for a sum of 50, 000, and later delivered to the haiti on 8 december by sydney oaksmith, a lawyer, having obtained an advance of 50, 000 on her purchase price of 260, 000, she was delivered to the representatives of haiti on 8 December 1869, and subsequently taken to sydney oaksmith, a lawyer, for whom he had received an advance of 50, 000 on her purchase price of 260, 260, 300. The ship was sold to Sam Ward on 4 May 1869 for fifty, 000, and then later sold to the Haiti by sydney oaksmith, a lawyer, after securing a loan of fifty, 000, she was brought to the representatives of the Haiti on 8 December 1869 and taken to sydney oaksmith, a lawyer, who was also the recipient of fifty, 000 for her purchase price of 260, 260, 300. – A princess three days later... the ship, now called Triumph, or Triumfo, disappeared from the water on 18 December 1869 and disappeared in the deserted islands, evidently sinking with all hands, either on Cape hatteras or on Cape delaware.