 Therese Mathews, sir, lmc-mg, cb (March 7, 1850 – 11 October 1901) was a british naval officer, politician and abolitionist. Mathews joined the navy as a cadet at the age of thirteen, and went up to lieutenant. He was involved in the third Anglo-Asiatic war, of 1873 – 4; and was stationed in the east for the suppression of the slave trade. " Therese Mathews, sir," Mr. Telecommunications, "pg m" (March 7, 1850 - 11 October 1901) was a british naval officer, politician and abolitionist. Mathews joined the navy at the age of thirteen, and entered lieutenant. He was in the third Anglo-Asiatic War of 1873, and was stationed in the east to suppress the slave trade. Mathews was attached to the sultan Bargash of Xzdjizkou. He would be in the government of Xzdjizkou for the rest of his life. In 1877 Mathews was transferred from the navy to Sultan Bargash of Xzdjizkou in order to build a new western-style army; he would stay in the government of Xzdjizkou. ‘Therese Mathews, sir’,’ he added, ‘lmc-mg,’ he added, ‘pgm’, ‘March 7, 1850 – 11 October 1901’ was a british naval officer, politician and abolitionist. Mathews, a british naval officer, was a politician and abolitionist. Mathews joined the navy as a cadet, was made a lieutenant, and had been stationed in the East for the suppression of the slave trade. Mathews was attached to Sultan Bargash of Xzdjizkou, who would be his permanent representative. Mathews joined the sultan Bargash of Xzdjizkou, and he would remain under his command. Mathews was then appointed first minister of the zanzibar government, and "is forever frozen by the sultan's"... in the thirties, he was passionately abolitionist, and had promoted it to the sultans he worked with... “Therese Mathews, sir,” he added, “Lmc-mg,” “pg-m” (March 7, 1850 – 11 October 1901), was a british naval officer, politician, and abolitionist. Mathews, a british naval officer, was a politician and a abolitionist. Mathews was a british naval officer, a politician and a abolitionist. Mathews joined the sultan Bargash, and was his permanent representative. Mathews was appointed the first minister of the zanzibar government, and "was forever seized by the sultan's"... Mathews and his troops played a significant role in the ending of the anglo-Ziberian war of 1896, which was a rebellious attempt to break the government's recruitment of new sultans. Mathews was attached to the sultan Bargash of Xzdjizkou, and he remained under his command. Mathews joined the sultan Bargash of Xzdjibey in 1877 and was re-deputized to the sultan Bargash of Xzdjibey in order to build a new, western army; he stayed in the sultan Bargash. Mathews and his troops played a vital role in the end of the Anglo-Asiatic war of 1896, which arose out of an attempt to avoid the requirement that new sultans be vetted by the british consul... At the age of thirteen, Mathews entered the navy, was a lieutenant, and was stationed in the East for the suppression of the slave trade. Mathews joined the sultan Bargash Xzdjizkou and remained under his command. Mathews joined the sultan Bargash Xzdjizkou and remained under his command. Mathews joined the sultan Bargash Xzdjizkou and remained under his command. Mathews joined the sultan Bargash Xzdjizkou and remained under his command. Mathews, a british naval officer, a politician and abolitionist. Mathews joined the sultan Bargash in 1877 and was transferred to the Sultan Bargash Xzdjizkou in order to build a new western army; he stayed in the Sultan Bargash. Mathews and his troops played a vital role in the end of the Anglo-Asiatic war of 1896, which was a rebellious attempt to break the government’s recruitment of new sultans. Mathews and his troops played a crucial role in the end of the Anglo-Asiatic war of 1896, a rebellious attempt to avoid the need to register new sultans with the british consul... Mathews joined the sultan Bargash, and remained under his command. Mathews joined the Sultan Bargash, and remained under his command. Mathews joined the Sultan Bargash, and remained under his command. Mathews joined the Sultan Bargash, and remained under his command. Mathews and his troops played a key role in the end of the Anglo-Ziberian war of 1896, a rebellious attempt to avoid the compulsory recruitment of new sultans by the british Consul... Mathews and his troops played a vital role in the end of the Anglo-Asian war of 1896, which was a rebell Therese Mathews, sir, lmcmg, pgm (March 7, 1850-October 11), was a british naval officer, politician, and abolitionist. Mathews joined the Sultan Bargash, and remained under his command. Mathews joined the Sultan Bargash Xzdjizkou, and remained under his command. Mathews joined the Sultan Bargash Xzdjizkou, and remained under his command. Mathews, a british naval officer, was a politician and a abolitionist. Mathews joined the Sultan Bargash Xzdjizkou and remained under his command. Mathews joined the Sultan Bargash Xzdjizkou and remained under his command. Mathews joined the Sultan Bargash Xzdjizkou, and remained under his command. Mathews and his troops played a vital role in the end of the Anglo-Asiatic war of 1896, which was an attempt to avoid the compulsory recruitment of new sultans by the british consul... Mathews joined the Sultan Bargash Xzdjizkou and remained under his command. Mathews joined the Sultan Bargash Xzdjizkou and remained under his command. Mathews joined the Sultan Bargash Xzdjizkou and remained under his command. Mathews joined the Sultan Bargash and remained under his command. Mathews joined the Sultan Bargash Xzdjizkou and remained under his command. Mathews joined the Sultan Bargash and remained under his command. Mathews joined the Sultan Bargash Xzdjizkou and remained under his command. Mathews joined the Sultan Bargash Xzdjizkou and remained under his command. Mathews joined the Sultan Bargash Xzdjizkou and remained under his command. he was born in Funchal, Madeira, on 7 March 1850... His father, Captain William Matthews, was a marine, and his mother, jane wallis penfold, was the daughter of William penfold and Sarah Gilbert. Her sister, augusta jane robley nee penfold, was the author of a famous book about madeira’s fauna and flora which has been exhibited at the Natural History Museum... He was born in Funchal, Madeira, March 7, 1850... His father was Captain William Matthews, a marine, and his mother, Jean Wallis, was the daughter of William Wallis and Sarah Gilbert, and her sister, augusta jane robleynee penfold, was the author of a famous book on the fauna and flora of Madeira, which is displayed in the Natural History Museum... Mathews was made a cadet of the Royal Navy in 1863, and was made a midshipman on 23 september 1866. He was assigned to the south, but his first active service was during the Third Anglo------ ---- - ---- war of 1873, where he was awarded the campaign medal. He was born in Funchal, Madeira, March 7, 1850. His father was Captain William Matthews, a marine, and his mother, Jean Wallis, was the daughter of William Wallis and Sarah Gilbert, and her sister, augusta jane robleynee penfold, was the author of a famous book on Madeira’s fauna and flora, which is exhibited in the Natural History Museum... Mathews was a cadet in 1863, and was a midshipman in 1866. He was placed in the south, but his first action was during the Third Anglo-American War, in which he was awarded the campaign medal. He was born in Funchal, Madeira, March 7, 1850. His father was Captain William Matthews, a marine, and his mother, Jean Wallis, was the daughter of William Wallis and Sarah Gilbert, and his sister, augusta jane penfold, was the author of a famous book about Madeira’s fauna and flora, which has been shown in the Natural History Museum. On 27 August 1875, Mathews was posted to HMS London, a depot ship, a branch of the Royal Navy, in east Africa, to assist in the suppression of the slave trade in the area. On board, he drilled his own troops, captured several slave dhows and was commended for his actions by the Admiralty. He was born in Funchal, Madeira, March 7, 1850 - his father was Captain William Matthews, a marine, and his mother, Jean Wallis, was the daughter of William Wallis and Sarah Gilbert, and her sister, augusta jane robleynee penfold, was the author of a famous book on Madeira's fauna and flora, which is shown in the Natural History Museum. He was a cadet in 1863, and a midshipman in 1866. He was placed in the south, but his first action was in the Third Anglo-American War, in which he was awarded the campaign medal. Mathews was made a cadet in 1863 and a midshipman in 1866. He was assigned to the south, but his first activity was in the Third Anglo-American War of 1873, in which he was awarded the campaign medal. On 27 August 1875 Mathews was sent to HMS London, a sailor-ship of the Royal Navy, to East Africa, to aid in the suppression of the slave trade, and had 300 African recruits in training by the end of the year. Moreover, Mathews employed other methods of recruiting, such as purchasing slaves from their masters, recruiting convicts from prisons, and acquiring captives from the slavers. Besides, Mathews employed a very unorthodox method of recruitment, such as buying slaves from their masters, using prisoners in the prison and recruiting from Africans rescued from the slavers. He was born in Funchal, Madeira, March 7, 1850. His father was Captain William Matthews, a marine, and his mother, Jean Wallis, was the daughter of William Wallis and Sarah Gilbert, and her sister, augusta jane penfold, was the author of a famous book on Madeira's fauna and flora which is displayed in the Natural History Museum. Mathews was made a cadet in 1863 and a midshipman in 1866; he was placed in the south, but his first action was during the Third Anglo-American War, in which he was awarded the campaign medal. Mathews was made a cadet in 1863 and a midshipman in 1866. He was placed in the south, but his first action was during the Third Anglo-American War, in which he was awarded the campaign medal. He was born in Funchal, Madeira, March 7, 1850. His father was Captain William Matthews, a marine, and his mother, Jean Wallis, was the daughter of William Wallis and Sarah Gilbert, and his sister, Augusta Jovens, was the author of a famous book about Madeira's fauna and flora, which is shown in the Natural History Museum. He was a cadet in 1863 and a midshipman in 1866, but he was placed in the south, but his first activity was in the Third Anglo-American War, in which he was awarded the campaign medal. Mathews introduced a new uniform for the soldiers, consisting of a red cap, short black jackets and white trousers, and dark blue dresscoats and trousers with gold and silver lace, for the officers, it was possibly modeled on the uniform of the Royal Navy, with which he was acquainted. He was born in Funchal, Madeira, March 7, 1850. He was born in Funchal, Madeira, March 7, 1850. His father was Captain William Matthews, a marine, and his mother, Jean Wallis, was the daughter of William Wallis and Sarah Gilbert, and her sister, augusta jane penfold, was the author of a famous book about Madeira's fauna and flora which is displayed in the Natural History Museum. Mathews subsequently sent to HMS London, a depot ship of the Royal Navy, in east Africa, to help in the suppression of the slave trade, and by the end of the year he had trained 300 Africans, in which he was awarded the campaign medal. He was born in Funchal, Madeira, March 7, 1850. His father was Captain William Matthews, a marine, and his mother, Jean Wallis, was the daughter of William Wallis and Sarah Gilbert, and his sister, Augusta Jovens, was the author of a famous book about Madeira’s fauna and flora, which is shown in the Natural History Museum. Mathews was a cadet in 1863 and a midshipman in 1866, and was placed in the south, but his first activity was in the Third Anglo-American War, in which he was awarded the campaign medal. He was born in Funchal, Madeira, on March 7, 1850. He was born in Funchal, Madeira, March 7, 1850. His father was Captain William Matthews, a marine, and his mother, Jean Wallis, was the daughter of William Wallis and Sarah Gilbert, and her sister, augusta jane penfold, was the author of a famous book on Madeira’s fauna and flora, which was shown at the Natural History Museum. Mathews was made a cadet in 1863 and a midshipman in 1866; he was placed in the south, but his first action was during the Third Anglo-American War, in which he was awarded the campaign medal. Mathews was made a cadet in 1863 and a midshipman in 1866; he was placed in the south, but his first action was during the Third Anglo-American War, in which he was awarded the campaign medal. He was born in Funchal, Madeira, March 7, 1850. He was born in Funchal, Madeira, March 7, 1850. His father was Captain William Matthews, a marine, and his mother, Jean Wallis, was the daughter of William Wallis and Sarah Gilbert, and his sister, augusta jane penfold, was the author of a famous book on Madeira's fauna and flora, which was displayed in the Natural History Museum. Afterwards, Mathews was sent to HMS London, a ship of the Royal Navy, to help in the suppression of the slave trade, and by the end of the year he had trained 300 Africans, which he was awarded the campaign He resigned from the royal navy in June 1881 and was made brigadier of the zanzibar army., in 1880, the Sultan sent to a military force under Mathews to pacify his scattered, unruly territories on the east coast. During the year 1881, he was dismissed from the royal navy and appointed brigadier of the zanzibar army. The expedition was originally intended to reach unyanyembe, but the soldiers did not want to go inland and deserted, so the expedition ended at mamboya, where a six-person garrison was established. The number was reduced to less than a hundred by the mid-1860s, but the expedition proved that the sultan was serious about occupying all his possessions. He resigned from the navy in June 1881 and was appointed brigadier of the zanzibar army. In 1881, he was dismissed from the royal navy and was made brigadier of the zanzibar army. The expedition was originally intended to reach Unyanyembe, but the soldiers were unwilling to go farther, and so the expedition ended at Mamboya, where a six-man garrison was established. It was reduced to less than a hundred by the mid-1860s, but the expedition proved that the Sultan was serious about taking his land. In 1881, Mathews’ ships were also engaged in a few expeditions to avert the slave trade that had developed when the seas were too heavily guarded by the merchants. In 1881 he was dismissed from the royal navy and made brigadier of the zanzibar army. The expedition was originally planned to reach Unyanyembe, but the soldiers refused to go inland and deserted, and the expedition ended at Mamboya, where a six-man garrison was established. The number was reduced to less than a hundred by mid-1860, but the expedition proved that the sultan had serious intentions of taking all his possessions. During 1881, Mathews' ships were engaged in a few expeditions in order to avert the slave trade, which had developed when the seas were occupied by merchants, and he was in 1881 ordered to go with Mathews, to pacify his scattered, unruly country on the east. In 1881, Mathews' ships were engaged in a few expeditions to prevent the trade of slaves which had developed on the seas, in which the merchants were guarded. Captain Brownrigg stayed in a party to let go the slaves, but he was shot by bin hattam and his crew and went away. In the autumn of 1881, they caught up with a dhow, a dhow, of about 100 slaves, which was carrying them between pemba and zanzibar. In 1881 he was dismissed from the royal navy and made brigadier of the zanzibar army. The expedition was originally intended to reach Unyanyembe, but the soldiers refused to go farther, so the expedition ended at Mamboya, where a six-man garrison was established. The number was reduced to less than a hundred by mid-1860, but the expedition proved that the sultan seriously intended to take all his possessions. Mathews' ships participated in several military expeditions during 1881, to stop the slave trade, which had grown up when the seas were occupied by merchants, and in 1881 he was ordered to go with Mathews to settle the scoundrels on the east coast. In 1881 Mathews' ships participated in several military expeditions to avert the slave trade, which had grown up when the seas were occupied by merchants, and in 1881 he was ordered to go with Mathews to settle the scoundrels in the east coast. In the autumn of 1881 they met a dhow of about 100 slaves which was carrying them between pemba and zanzibar. Captain Brownrigg stayed with the master to release the slaves, but he was shot by bin hattem and left. In 1881 Mathews' ships were engaged in a few expeditions to avoid the slave trade that had grown up when the seas were occupied by merchants, and in 1881 Mathews was ordered to go with Mathews to settle the scoundrels on the east coast. In 1881 Mathews' ships were engaged in a few expeditions to avert the slave trade that had grown up when the seas were occupied by merchants, and in 1881 he was ordered to go with Mathews to settle the scoundrels in the east. In 1881 Mathews' ships participated in several military expeditions in order to prevent the slave trade which had developed on the seas, in which merchants were armed, and in 1881 he was ordered to go with Mathews to settle the scoundrels in the east. In 1881 Mathews' ships participated in several military expeditions to prevent the slave trade, which had grown up in the seas, and in 1881 he was ordered to go with Mathews to settle the scoundrels on the east. In 1881 Mathews' ships participated in a few military expeditions to avert the slave trade, which had grown up on the seas, and in 1881 he was ordered to go with Mathews to settle the scoundrels in the east. Captain Brownrigg stayed with his master to allow the slaves to go, but he was shot by bin hattem and went away. In the autumn of 1881 they came upon a dinghy, about 100 slaves, which was transporting them between pemba and zanzibar. In 1881, Mathews' ships participated in a few military expeditions in order to prevent the slave trade which had grown up in the seas by the merchants, and in 1881 he was ordered to go with Mathews to settle the scoundrels on the east coast. In 1881 Mathews' ships participated in several military expeditions to avert the slave trade that had grown up on the seas, and in 1881 Mathews was ordered to go with Mathews to settle the scoundrels on the east. In 1881 Mathews' ships participated in a few military expeditions to avert the slave trade that had grown up on the seas, and in 1881 Mathews was ordered to go with Mathews to settle the scoundrels on the east. In 1881 Mathews' ships took part in a few military expeditions to avert the slave trade that had grown up on the seas, and in 1881 Mathews was ordered to go with Mathews to settle the scoundrels on the east. In 1881 Mathews' ships participated in a few military expeditions to avert the slave trade which had grown up on the seas, and in 1881 Mathews was ordered to go with Mathews to settle the scoundrels in the east. In 1881 Mathews' ships participated in several military expeditions to avert the slave trade that had grown up on the seas, and in 1881 Mathews was ordered to go with Mathews to settle the scoundrels on the east. In the autumn of 1881 they encountered a vessel, a vessel, carrying some 100 slaves, which was delivering them between pemba and zanzibar. In the autumn of 1881 they met a vessel, a vessel, carrying them between pemba and zanzibar. Captain Brownrigg stayed with his master to release the slaves, but he was shot by bin hattem and left. In 1881 Mathews' ships took part in several military expeditions to stop the slave trade which had grown up in the seas, and in 1881 Mathews was ordered to go with Mathews to settle the scoundrels on the east coast. In 1881 Mathews' ships participated in military expeditions to avert the slave trade that had grown up on the seas, and in 1881 Mathews was ordered to go with Mathews to settle His position was so strong that one of the island's missionaries said that Mathews was so superior to "analysis" and that Mathews could even say: "L' etat est moi" (I am the State)... " The first minister, despite some hostility from the Sultan, said: " ‘The governor had been paid a commendation from the Sultan, in spite of some hostility from the Sultan. The first minister, in spite of a certain degree of hostility from the Sultan, said: ‘The Chief of Cabinet, Mathews, was also called ‘the strong man of zanzibar’. His position was so powerful that one of the missionaries of the island said Mathews was so superior to ‘analysis’ that Mathews could even say: ‘L’etat est moi’ (I’m the State). Mathews was rewarded by the government for his activities by having been made a member of the Order of the Brilliant Star of zanzibar, which he was granted by Queen Victoria to accept and wear on the 15th of May 1886. The first minister, despite the fact that the Sultan was a little hostile, said: “The Governor was awarded a commendation by the Sultan, despite the sultan’s displeasure. His position was so great that one of the island’s missionaries said that Mathews was so superior to analysis that Mathews could even say: “L’etat est moi” (I am the state). His position was so strong that one of the island’s missionaries said that Mathews was so superior to analysis that Mathews could even say: “L’etat est moi” (I am the state). Mathews had a role to suppress slavery in the country and in 1889 had persuaded the Sultan to issue a decree purchasing the freedom of all slaves who had taken refuge in his territories and, from 1890, to eliminate the slave trade. And the first minister, in spite of the sultan's quarrels, said: “The governor was awarded a congratulatory award, despite the sultan's quarrels. The first minister, despite the sultan's quarrels, said: “The governor was given a commendation, despite the sultan's quarrels. The first minister, despite the sultan's quarrels, said: “The governor was given a congratulatory by the Sultan, despite the sultan's quarrels. Mathews's rank was so strong that one of the missionaries of the island said that Mathews was so superior to analysis that Mathews could even say: "L'etat est moi" (I am the state). Mathews was rewarded for his service in zanzibar by the British government, who appointed him companion of the order of Saint-Malo in 1880, and a companion of the bath in 1889. Mathews was also rewarded for his service in zanzibar by the british government, which made him a companion of the Order of Saint-Michael and St-Gero in 1880, and on the 24th of May, 1889. The first minister, despite some hostility from the sultan, said: “The governor was rewarded by the sultan, despite some hostility from the sultan. His position was so great that one of the missionaries said that Mathews was so superior to analysis that Mathews could even say: ‘L’etat est moi’ (I am the state). Mathews was rewarded for his activities in the country by the British government, who appointed him the companion of Saint-Michael and Saint-Gero in 1880, and the bathing in 1889. Mathews was rewarded by the government for his service in zanzibar by the British government, who appointed him a companion of the Order of Saint-Michael and St-Gero in 1880 and on the 24th of May, 1889. The first minister, despite the Sultan's quarrels, said: “The governor was given a congratulatory, despite the Sultan's quarrels. The first minister, despite the Sultan's quarrels, said: “The governor was congratulated by the Sultan, despite the Sultan's quarrels. Mathews's position was so powerful that one of the island's missionaries said that Mathews was so superior to analysis that Mathews could even say: 'L'etat est moi' (I'm the state). Mathews was also rewarded for his service in zanzibar by the British government, who made him the companion of the Order of Saint-Michael and Saint-Gero in 1880 and in 1889. Mathews was also rewarded for his service in zanzibar by the british government, who made him the companion of the Order of Saint-Michael and Saint-Gero in 1880, and on the 24th of May, 1889. Mathews had been appointed a knight of the Order of the Crown by the german government. He was rewarded for his work in zanzibar by the British government, who appointed him companion of Saint-Michael and Saint-Gero in 1880 and in 1889. Mathews was rewarded for his work in zanzibar by the British government, who appointed him as companion of Saint-Michael and Saint-Gero in 1880 and on the 24th of May, 1889. Mathews was rewarded for his service in zanzibar by the British government, who appointed him companion of Saint-Michael and Saint-Gero in 1880 and the bathing in 1889. Mathews's rank was so great that one of the island's missionaries said that Mathews was so superior to analysis that Mathews could even say: "L'etat est moi" (I'm the state). Mathews was also rewarded for his service in zanzibar by the British government, who appointed him companion of Saint-Michael and Saint-Gero in 1880 and on the 24th of May, 1889. The first minister, despite some opposition from the Sultan, said: "The governor was congratulated by the Sultan, despite the Sultan's objections; Mathews opposed this succession, and with the british appointment called 900 soldiers in an effort to prevent it. The first minister, despite the Sultan's objections, said: "The governor was congratulated by the Sultan, despite the Sultan's objections. Mathews' position was so great that one of the island's missionaries said that Mathews was so superior to analysis that Mathews could even say: "L'etat est moi" (I am the state). Mathews was rewarded for his activities in the kingdom by the British government, who appointed him as a companion of Saint-Michael and Saint-Gero in 1880 and the bathing in 1889. Mathews was appointed a knight of the crown by the German government. Mathews' rank was so powerful that one of the island's missionaries said that Mathews was so superior to analysis that Mathews could even Mathews took up the administrative duties of a British sultan, hamoud bin mohammed, as his successor. Mathews and five vessels of the royal navy bombarded the palace, and secured the end of khalid’s government. Mathews also continued the reforms of the day after the war, abolishing slavery in 1897 and establishing new horticulture and breeding in western styles. Mathews took the administrative duties of a British sultan, hamoud bin Mohammed, and he led five ships of the royal navy, bombarding the palace, ensuring the defeat of khalid's government. Mathews, besides his smaller and smaller expeditions to the ethisphere, also embarked upon two vast expeditions of the African mainland during his reign, the first at Mwele. He was appointed a member of the Grand Order of Hamondieh of Zanzibar and was allowed to receive and wear the decoration on 25 august 1897. Mathews, in his successor as a British sultan, hamoud bin Mohammed, led five ships of the royal navy, which swept the palace and sealed the fall of khalid's government. Mathews re-joined the government of a British sultan, hamoud bin Mohammed, and, with five ships of the royal navy, bombarded the palace and secured the victory of khalid. Mathews led the colonel hamoud bin Mohammed, and five ships of the royal navy bombarded the palace, which was to lead to the defeat of the takaungu government. Mathews was the head of anglo-zanzibari operation to put a halt to it, consisting of 310 british sailors, 50 royal marines, 54 sudanese troops, and 164 zanzibari troops. This led to a rebellion in Konjoro in the year 1895 when the younger mbaruk attacked zanzibari troops under arthur raikes, one of Mathews' officers. Mathews took on the presidency of a British sultan, hamoud bin Mohammed, and with five ships of the royal navy swept the palace, and brought the end of the takaungu government. Mathews took the presidency of a British sultan, hamoud bin Mohammed, and with five ships of the royal navy bombarded the palace, and delivered the victory to khalid. Mathews led a colonel hamoud bin Mohammed, and five ships of the royal navy bombarded the palace, which meant the defeat of the takaungu government. He took the takaungu government as his successor, and with five ships of the royal navy bombarded the palace, ensuring the defeat of the government of khalid. Mathews was the head of the anglo-saudini military alliance, which consisted of 310 british sailors, 50 royal marines, 54 dutch troops, and 164 zanzibari troops. Mathews resigned as a British sultan, hamoud bin Mohammed, and five ships of the royal navy bombarded the palace, ensuring the defeat of the takaungu government. In 1895, the younger mbaruk attacked the army of zanzibar under Arthur raikes, one of Mathews' officers. Mathews led five ships of the royal navy, bombarding the palace, and ensuring the fall of the takaungu government. Mathews also continued his reforms of the day after the war, abolishing slavery in 1897, and introducing new horticulture and breeding. Mathews was the head of the anglo-ssaudini alliance, composed of 310 british sailors, 50 royal marines, 54 dutch troops, and 164 zanzibari soldiers. Mathews succeeded to a British Sultan, hamoud bin Mohammed, and five ships of the royal navy, ensuring the defeat of khalid. Mathews then took up the post of British Sultan, hamoud bin Mohammed, and led five ships of the royal navy, which shook the Palace and ensured the fall of the takaungu government. He then led a colonel hamoud bin Mohammed, and five ships of the royal navy swept the Palace, ensuring the defeat of the takaungu government. Mathews took up the post of British Sultan, hamoud bin Mohammed, and with five ships of the royal navy bombarded the Palace, ensuring the fall of the takaungu government. Mathews resigned from the British Sultan, hamoud bin Mohammed, and five ships of the royal navy bombarded the Palace, and ensuring the fall of the takaungu government. Mathews was the head of anglo-Semi-Zanzibari operation, consisting of 310 british sailors, 50 royal marines, 54 dutch troops, and164 zanzibari troops. Mathews, in his successor as a British Sultan, hamoud bin Mohammed, swept the Palace and secured the fall of the takaungu government. In 1895 the younger mbaruk attacked the army of zanzibar under Arthur raikes, one of Mathews' officers, Mathews led five ships of the royal navy, which meant the defeat of the takaungu government. The ibea was given possession of the area and a force of 250 Indian police were established to maintain peace. In the first quarter of 1893 the police were pulled down by the new sultan of witu, oman, and a new expedition was sent to the region. A new sultan, oman, was appointed the governor of the country, and a new expedition was sent to the region. Mathews was given possession of the area, and a force of 250 soldiers was established to keep the peace. The second quarter of 1893, the sultan of witu, oman, had his own police in control of the country. Mathews and a group of troops went to witu, where they removed the iberian flag and replaced it with the red flag of zanzibar, then destroyed several villages and drove the oman out of the forests. Mathews and an escort force went to witu. On 31 july they removed the iberian flag of the iberian company and changed it for the red flag of the zanzibar army, where they destroyed several villages and drove the oman out of the forests. In the first quarter of 1893, a new sultan was appointed governor of the region, and a new expedition was sent. Mathews took possession of the area, and a force of 250 soldiers was established to protect the peace. Mathews and a escort went to witu, and on 31 July they removed the iberian flag from the army of the iberian company and replaced it with the red flag of the zara army, and destroyed several villages and drove the zara out of the forests. Mathews and a group of troops went to witu, and on 31 July they took off the iberian flag from the iberian company and replaced it with the red flag of the zara army, destroyed several villages and drove the zara out of the forests., Mathews and an escort went to witu, and on 31 July they took off the zara flag and changed it to the red flag of the zara army, where they destroyed several villages and drove the zara out of the forest. In return for this action, Mathews was awarded the british east and west africa campaign medal. The iberian people were given possession of the country and a hundred and fifty Indian soldiers were given protection of it. In the first quarter of 1893, a new sultan, a new expedition, was sent to the country. Mathews and an escort went to witu, and on the 31st of July they removed the iberian flag from the army of the iberian people and changed it to the red flag of the zara army, and destroyed several villages and drove the zara out of the forests. Mathews and an escort went to witu, and on the 31st of July they removed the iberian flag from the army of the iberian people and replaced it with the red flag of the zara army, destroyed several villages and drove the zara out of the forests. In the second quarter of 1893, the sultan of witu, oman, took his own army and established a new army. Mathews and a escort went to witu, and on the 31st of July they took off the iberian flag from the iberian people and changed it to the red flag of the zara army, destroyed several villages and drove the zara out of the forests. In the first quarter of 1893 the new sultan of witu, oman, was appointed the Governor of the Republic and a new expedition was sent. Mathews and an escort went to witu, and on 31 July they removed the iberian flag of the iberian company and changed it into the red flag of the zara army, destroyed several villages and drove the zara out of the forests. Mathews and an escort went to witu, and on 31 July they removed the iberian flag from the iberian company and changed it into the red flag of the zara army, destroyed several villages and drove the zara out of the forests. In the second quarter of 1893 the sultan of witu took over the country and established a new army; Mathews and a escort went to witu, and on 31 July they took off the iberian flag from the iberian company and replaced it with the red flag of the zara army, destroyed several villages and drove the zara out of the forests. Mathews and a escort went to witu, and on 31 July they took off the iberian flag from the iberian people and replaced it with the red flag of the zara army, destroyed several villages and drove the zara out of the forest. In the second quarter of 1893, the sultan of witu took his own army and set up a new army. Mathews and a escort went to witu, and on 31 July they took off the iberian flag and changed it into the red flag of the zara army, destroyed several villages and drove the zara out of the forest.