 "Second! The hms boreas was a B class destroyer of the royal navy built in 1930... first employed by the Mediterranean fleet, she was transferred to the home fleet in 1936... "A second! - hms boreas was a destroyer of the royal navy built in 1930 - first employed in the Mediterranean fleet, then transferred to the royal navy in 1936 - she spent most of the war in the English Channel and in the north Atlantic, and stationed at Dover, Gibraltar, and freetown, in the León desert. She was loaned to the royal hellenic navy the following year, turning into an escort destroyer. ‘A second!’ he remarked, ‘this hms boreas was a B class destroyer of the royal navy, built in 1930, of a kind which was first employed in the Mediterranean fleet, and then transferred to the royal navy in 1936. She served most of the war in the English Channel and the north Atlantic, and was stationed at Dover, Gibraltar and Freetown, in the León desert. The following year she was transferred to the Royal Hellenic Navy and changed into a escort destroyer. The hms boreas displaced an extra 850 tonne (750 t), and an extra 750 tonne (750 t) at full load. “Second! hms boreas was a B-class destroyer of the royal navy built in 1930. First employed in the Mediterranean fleet, and then transferred to the royal navy in 1936. She served most of the war in the English Channel and in the north Atlantic, stationed at Dover, Gibraltar and Freetown, in the León desert. She was loaned to the Royal Hellenic Navy the following year and transformed into an escort destroyer. “Second!” he said. “This ship was a B-class destroyer of the royal navy, built in 1930, of a type that was first employed by the Mediterranean fleet and then transferred to the Royal Navy in 1936. She served most of the war in the English Channel and in the north Atlantic, and stationed at Dover, Gibraltar, and Freetown, in the León desert.... The ship had an overall length of 323 feet (98 ft., 5 m), a beam of 32 feet (9 ft., 6 ft.), and a draught of 12 feet (3 ft.). “Second! hms boreas was a B-class destroyer of the royal navy built in 1930, first employed in the Mediterranean fleet, then transferred to the royal navy in 1936; she served in the English Channel and in the North Atlantic, stationed at Dover, Gibraltar, and Freetown, in the León desert. The following year she was transferred to the Royal Hellenic Navy and made into a escort destroyer. The ship had a length of 323 feet (98 feet, 5 m), a beam of 32 feet, 9 ft., and a draft of 12 feet (2.7 m). The ship was powered by three admiralty 4  6  drums (up to the above 5) —in other words, it was a B-class destroyer of the Royal Navy, built in 1930, a type which was first used in the Mediterranean fleet, and then transferred to the Royal Navy in 1936. She served most of the war in the English Channel and in the North Atlantic, and was stationed at Dover, Gibraltar and Freetown, in the León desert... “Second!” he said, “this ship was a B-class destroyer of the Royal Navy, built in 1930, of a type which was first employed in the Mediterranean fleet, then transferred to the Royal Navy in 1936. She served most of the war in the English Channel and in the North Atlantic, and stationed at Dover, Gibraltar and Freetown, in the León desert. - "Second!" he said, "this hms boreas was a B-class destroyer of the royal navy built in 1930, a ship that was first used in the Mediterranean fleet, then transferred to the Royal Navy in 1936; she served in the English Channel and the North Atlantic, stationed at Dover, Gibraltar and Freetown, in the León desert. The ship carried a maximum of three90 tons (400 t), a maximum of 800 kilometers (85 km, 800 km), at a maximum speed of 15 knots (28 km/h; 17 mph), the ship had four 45 - 5 barrels (with more than a dozen) that it threw. She carried a maximum of 3,850 tonne (750 t) at full load, and the hms boreas loaded an extra 850 tonne (750 t) and an extra 750 tonne (750 t) at full load. “Next,” he said, “this ship is a B-class destroyer of the Royal Navy, built in 1930, first in the Mediterranean fleet, then in the Royal Navy, and in 1936 in the Royal Navy. She served in the English Channel and in the North Atlantic, and stationed in Dover, Gibraltar and Freetown, in the León desert. She served most of the war in the English Channel and in the North Atlantic, and stationed in Dover, Gibraltar and Freetown, in the León desert. She was transferred to the Royal Hellenic Navy and turned into a escort destroyer. ‘Second!’ he said, ‘this hms boreas is a B-class destroyer of the royal navy built in 1930, a ship of the Mediterranean type, then a navy of the Royal Navy in 1936. She served in the English Channel and the North Atlantic, and stationed in Dover, Gibraltar and Freetown in the León desert. She served in the English Channel and the North Atlantic, and stationed in Dover, Gibraltar and Freetown in the León desert. ’ ’ ‘ ‘The second’ he said, ‘this hms boreas is a B-class destroyer of the Royal Navy, built in 1930, first of all in the Mediterranean fleet, then of the Royal Navy in 1936. She served most of the war in the English Channel and the North Atlantic, and stationed in Dover, Gibraltar and Freetown in the León desert. ‘The second’, he said, ‘this hms boreas is a B-class destroyer of the Royal Navy, built in 1930, of a type which was first used in the Mediterranean fleet and then transferred to the Royal Navy in 1936; she served in the English Channel and the North Atlantic, and stationed at Dover, Gibraltar and Freetown in the León desert. The second,’ he said, ‘this hms boreas is a B-class destroyer of the Royal Navy built in 1930, a ship which was first used in the Mediterranean fleet and then transferred to the Royal Navy in 1936; she served in the English Channel and the North Atlantic, and stationed at Dover, Gibraltar and Freetown in the León desert. She served most of the war in the English Channel and in the North Atlantic, and stationed at Dover, Gibraltar and Freetown in the León desert. She was transferred to the Royal Hellenic Navy in the following year and turned into an escort destroyer. “Second,” he said, “this ship is a B-class destroyer of the royal navy, built in 1930, first in the Mediterranean fleet, then in the Royal Navy in 1936. She served most of the war in the English Channel and in the north Atlantic, stationed at Dover, Gibraltar qf 2 __' boats were mounted on a platform, between the funnels, two 120-mil gun, mk ii, mounted on a platform between her funnels... She was fitted with two at ____ water quadruple torpedo tube mounts for 21 ___ inches (592 mm) torpedoes... she had two depth-chargers and two throwers on one of the depth-charge rails. Initially 20 ___ depth-charges were carried, but that increased to 35 a little later. The - qf 2 - boats were mounted on a platform between the funnels, two 120-mil guns, mk ii, mounted on a platform between the funnels. She was fitted with two at 20 inches (76 mm) quadruple torpedo tubes, she had two depth-chargers and two throwers on one of the depth-chargers. Initially, twenty - 20 depth-charges were carried, but that later increased to 35. qf2 boats were mounted on a platform between the funnels, two 120-mil guns, mk I, mounted on a platform between the funnels. The boats were mounted on a platform between the funnels, two 120-mil guns, mk I, mounted on a platform between the funnels. Initially, twenty- 20 depth-charges were carried, but later that increased to 35. The qf2 boats were mounted on a platform between the funnels, two 120-mil guns, mk I, mounted on a platform between the funnels. She was fitted with two at 20 inches (76mm) quadruple torpedo tubes, two depth-chargers and two throwers on one of the depth-chargers. The boreas was converted to a escort destroyer in late 1943, with the replacement of the 12 pound high angle gun and an additional depth-charge stowage. She was fitted with two at 20 inches (76 mm) quadruple torpedoes, she had two depth-chargers and two throwers on one of the depth-chargers. The boats were mounted on a platform between the funnels, two 120 mm guns, mk I, mounted on a platform between the funnels. The qf2 boats were mounted on a platform between the funnels, two 120 mm guns, mk I, mounted on a platform between the funnels. The boats were mounted on a platform between the funnels, two 120 mm guns, mk I, mounted on a platform between the funnels. The ship was built on 22 july 1929 and was launched on 11 june 1930, as the fourth ship to bear that name. The qf2 boats were mounted on a platform between the funnels, two 120 mm guns, mk I, mounted on a platform between the funnels. Initially twenty- twenty depth-charges were carried, but that increased to 35 later. I-90 stowed under a platform between the funnels, two 120-mm guns, mk II, mounted on the funnels. Initially twenty- 20 depth-charges were carried, but later increased to 35. The qf2 boats were mounted on a platform between the funnels, two 120-mm guns, mk II, mounted on the funnels. The boats were mounted on a platform between the funnels, two 120-mm guns, mk II, mounted on the funnels. The boats were mounted on a platform between the funnels, two 120-mm guns, mk II, mounted on the funnels. The boats were mounted on a platform between the funnels, two 120-mm guns, mk II, mounted on the funnels. Initially twenty- 20 depth-charges were carried, but later increased to 35. The boreas was converted into a escort destroyer in late 1943, when the 12 pound heavy gun was replaced by the multi-function ammunition and additional depth-charges were added. The qf2 boats were mounted on a platform between the funnels, two 120-mm guns, mk II, mounted on the funnels. The boats were mounted on a platform between the funnels, two 120-mm guns, mk III, mounted on the funnels. Initially, twenty- 20 depth-charges were carried, but later increased to 35. The boats were mounted on a platform between the funnels, two 120-meter guns, mk II, mounted on the funnels. The boats were mounted on a platform between the funnels, two 120-meter guns, mk II, mounted on the funnels. The boats were mounted on a platform between the funnels, two 120-meter guns, mk II, mounted on the funnels. qf2 boats were mounted on a platform between the funnels, two 120-meter guns, mk II, mounted on the funnels. qf2 boats were mounted on a platform between the funnels, two 120-meter guns, mk II, mounted on the funnels. The qf2 boats were mounted on a platform between the funnels, two 120-meter guns, mk II, mounted on the funnels. The boats were mounted on a platform between the funnels, two 120-meter guns, mk II, mounted on the funnels. The boats were mounted on a platform between the funnels, two 120-meter guns, mk II, mounted on the funnels. Initially, twenty- 20 depth-charges were carried, but later increased to 35. The qf2 boats were mounted on a platform between the funnels, two 120-meter guns, mk II, mounted on the funnels. On 6 march 1938, she rescued the survivors of the tavern nationalist baleares from cartagena, spain with the destroyer kempenfelt. Initially, twenty- 20 depth-charges were carried, but later that increased to 35. The qf2 boats were mounted on a platform between the funnels, two 120-meter guns, mk II, mounted on the funnels. Initially, twenty- 20 depth-charges were carried, but later they increased to 35. The qf2 boats were mounted on a platform between the funnels, two 120-meter guns, mk II, mounted on the funnels. The boats were mounted on a platform between the funnels, two 120-meter guns, mk II, mounted on the funnels. The boats were mounted on a platform between the funnels, two 120-meter guns, mk II, mounted on the funnels. The boats were mounted on a platform between the funnels, two 120-meter guns, mk II, mounted on the funnels. The boats were mounted on a platform between the funnels, two 120-meter guns, mk II, mounted on the funnels. Initially twenty- twenty depth-charges were carried, but later this increased to 35. The boats were mounted on a platform between the funnels, two 120-meter guns, mk II, mounted on the funnels. The qf2 boats were mounted on a platform between the funnels, two 120-meter guns, mk II, mounted on the funnels. Initially twenty- twenty depth-charges were carried, but later they increased to 35. The boats were mounted on a platform between the funnels, two 120-meter guns, mk II, mounted on the funnels. Initially, twenty- 20 depth-charges were carried, but later they increased to 35. The qf2 boats were mounted on a platform between the funnels, two 120-meter guns, mk II, mounted on the funnels. qf2 boats were mounted on a platform between the funnels, two 120-meter guns, mk II, mounted on the funnels. The boats were mounted on a platform between the funnels, two 120-meter guns, mk II, mounted on the funnels. Initially twenty- 20 depth-charges were carried, but later they were increased to 35. ‘Come, revenge, and the Aquitania of the Île de Montréal during the munich crisis.’ She remained at the 4th destroyer flotilla until april 1939. ‘Brother,’ said Boras, ‘it’s just that she also served as the guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s’ in that year... ‘Here, revenge and the Aquitania of the Île de Montréal during the munich crisis.’ “Pray, brother,” Boras said, “she also served as guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s” in that year... the ship was assigned to the 19th destroyer squadron at the beginning of the war, and spent the first six months on escort and patrol duties in the english channel and north sea... a month later she was assigned to the 12th destroyer squadron at the same time, as she was damaged in a collision with her sister ship brilliant, which was destroyed..., a year after that, she was placed in the 19th destroyer squadron, and remained at the 17th destroyer squadron until april 1939... “Brother,” Boras said, “it is only that she served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s”... “Here, revenge and the Aquitania of the Île de Montréal during the munich crisis. “You see, brother,” Boras said, “she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s.” “Here, revenge and the Aquitania of the Île de Montréal during the munich crisis.” “Brother,” Boras said, “she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s”... “Brother,” Boras said, “she served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s”... “Pray, brother,” Boras said, “she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s.” She was entrusted to the 19th destroyer squadron at the beginning of the war and served for six months in the English Channel and the North Sea... a month later, she was assigned to the 12th destroyer squadron, when she was damaged by a collision with her sister ship brilliant, which had been destroyed... a year later, she was placed in the 19th destroyer squadron, and remained in the 17th destroyer squadron until april 1939... - This year, revenge and the aquitania of the Île de Montréal during the munich crisis... - Brother, Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s"... "Brother," Boras said, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s"... "Here, revenge and the aquitania of the Île de Montréal during the munich crisis." The ship was assigned to the 19th destroyer squadron at the beginning of the war, and served six months in the English Channel and the north sea. A month later she was assigned to the 12th destroyer squadron, damaged by a collision with her sister ship brilliant, which was destroyed... a year later, she was placed in the 19th destroyer squadron, and remained in the 17th destroyer squadron until april 1939.'Brother,' said Boras,'she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s'. "You see, brother, she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" "Here, revenge and the aquitania of the Île de Montréal during the munich crisis" "You see, brother," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" - "Pray, brother," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" - "Pray, brother," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" - "Come, revenge, and the aquitania of the Île de Montréal during the munich crisis"; "Brother," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s"; "Pray, brother," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s"; "Pray, brother," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s"; "Sister," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s"; "sister," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s"; "Sister," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" ; "Sister," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s"; "sister," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" ; "Sister," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" ; "Sister," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s"; "you see, brother," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" ; "You see, brother," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" ; "Pray, brother," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s"; "see, brother," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" ; "See, brother," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s"; "see, brother," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s." "Brother," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" - " Brother," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" - "Pray, brother," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" - "Pray, brother," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" - "Sister," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" - "sister," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" - "sister," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" - "sister," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" - "sister," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" - "see, brother," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" - "sister," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" - "you see, brother," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" - "sister," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" - "sister," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" - "sister," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" - "sister," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" - "sister," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the - "Brother," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" - "Sister," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" - "Sister," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" - "Sister," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" - "sister," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" - "sister," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" - "sister," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" - "sister," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" - "sister," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" - "sister," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" - "sister," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" - "sister," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" - "sister," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" - "sister," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" - "sister," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" - "sister," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" - "sister," said Boras, "she also served as a guard on the aircraft carriers of the 302s" She was destroyed by a crash in the hull and was under repair at the hull from 27 april to 13 june. The type 286 radar was replaced by a type 290. The ship was given to the Royal Hellenic Navy on the 10th of February and was recommissioned by them on the 25th as salamis. It was sunk by a hull crash and was in need of repair at the hull from the 27th of april to the 13th of June. The ship was given to the Greek Navy on the 10th of February and recommissioned on the 25th of that same year as Salamis. The ship was assigned to serve at gibraltar until october, when she was transferred to the Aegean, where she served with the 12th (Greek) destroyer flotilla for the remainder of the war. She was used as a training ship after the war, until she was returned to the royal navy at malta on 9 October 1951.