 If you think that there were literary works on architecture in the past, it is true that architectural writing has grown up during the Song Dynasty. It has taken on a more professional tone and has presented dimensions and material details in a concise, systematic manner... In addition to the examples that remain, depictions in the paintings, drawing and engravings in published books all help the modern historian to understand the architecture of the time... The poetry of architecture is a book of architectural works that has been written since the Song Dynasty. The style of the work has taken on a more professional tone, and the scales and the materials have been distilled down to a concise and organized level. In addition to these illustrations, paintings, drawings and engravings in printed books, help the modern historian to understand the architecture of the time... In addition to the examples, the pictures and paintings in printed books and the drawings and engravings in printed books help the modern historian to understand the architecture of the time. The professions of architect, master carpenter, structural engineer did not have the status of confucian scholars at the time... and In addition to these illustrations, pictures, and illustrations in printed books, help the modern historian to understand the historical nature of architecture. If you think that there were literary works about architecture in the past, then it is true that the historical style has been influenced by the Song Dynasty, and the constructions have been carried out in a more professional way, and the dimension and the material has been distilled to a concise and logical conclusion. In the history of the Song Dynasty, the work of architects has been expanded, and the scales and the materials have been presented in a less condensed and organized way. Besides the examples, the paintings, the illustrations and the engravings in printed books help the modern historian to understand the architecture of the time. The architecture of ancient chinese cities, such as the capital of the northern Song, followed the regulations of the kao-gong ji, which stipulated that the city wall should be square, and several gates would be constructed on each side, and gateways would be provided for the Emperor. If you think that there were literary works on architecture in the past, it is true that the historical style has been influenced by the Song dynasty, the building of buildings is more professional, the material is distilled, and the dimensions and material are arranged. The book of architectural works was written in the Song dynasty. The style of the writing has changed, and the dimension and material are arranged in a simple and clear way. Besides the examples, the paintings, the drawings, and the engravings in printed books help the modern historian to understand the architecture of the time. If you think there were literary works on architecture, it is true that the historical style has been changed during the Song dynasty, and the building and materials have been distilled into a unified and logical scheme. The architecture of the old chinese cities, such as the capital of the northern Song, conformed to the rules of the Great Song Dynasty, with several gates and gateways on each side, and a door for the Emperor. In addition to the examples, the illustrations, the drawings, and the engravings in the printed books help the modern historian understand the architecture of the time. The city wall of the south side was square, with three gates at the center, with the Nianxun gate at the centre, the Chenzhou gate at the east, and the gate at the west. The art of architecture was written in the Song Dynasty, and it has been written in a different way since the Song Dynasty. The building of ancient cities, like the capital of the northern Song, conformed to the regulations of the Great Song Dynasty, with gates and gates on each side, and a gateway for the emperor. There are several pages of poetry on architecture, and each chapter contains three gates, one at the south end, one at the south end, the other at the east, and the other at the west. In the middle of the city, there are three gates, one at the north end, the Xinsong Gate, the Xinsong Gate, the Xinchao Gate, and the west gate, the Xinzheng Gate, the water gate, the Xinchao Gate, and the Guanzhu Gate, and the northern gate, and the two gates at the east and west are each dedicated to the emperor; the two gates are a straight path, two doors are two, and the other gates are a zigzag, three doors. The book of architecture has been written in the Song Dynasty; the style has changed, and the scale and material have been arranged in a neat and clear way; besides the illustrations, the paintings, the drawings, and the engravings in printed books help the modern historian understand the architectural history. In the history of the Song Dynasty, the work of architects has been expanded and the scale and material have been distilled into a unified and logical scheme. The ancient chinese cities, such as the capital of the northern Song, obeyed the rules of the Great Song Dynasty, and they built a lot of gates and gates on both sides, and the emperor had a few gates on each side, and a lot of doors on the west. There are four gates each in the east: the east gate, the south gate, the east gate, the west gate, the new field gate, and the west gate, and the east gate. ‘Then you will see the beautifully carved gate, with its exquisite detail. Its base was of a ridged and tiled roof, of a type predated by Song, of a moderate incline, in Song's reign. Clearly a supporting building of two rafters, the ‘dou-gong’, which is the mount of the ancient taiyuan temple in taiyuan. The use of rafters for superstructures is described in Yingzhai's Twelveth-Curtain Manual of Buildings, which is called 'Fast Floor'. The upper bracket was stacked on the city gate to form a solid foundation, while the upper one was supported by the roof, which was a wattle, as 'Long Clamp'. And now, you will see the exquisitely carved gate. The stone and the rafters, he said, “were used for the construction of the grand tower in taiyuan, in Yingzhai’s Twelveth Century book. This is called the Rapid City Wall. The city wall was built with rammed earth, which was described in the textbook of the Imperial Institute of Buildings as ’Fast-Fielding Structures’. It was built by two men, he said, on each square centimetre of earth, two men, faced to face, each time he beat three times on the same disc; he beat four times, and then he beat two more times. Then he threw two more times on the disc; then he gave two more times, and he beat once more. He threw two more times, and each time he threw it up to his comrades. The gates were laid out on a heavy earthen foundation, and the bare wall was supported by a wattle-like wattle, known as 'long stick'. “So you see the lovely carved gate, with its delicate details. The ribs and stones used in the construction of the city walls in the Twelveth Century are described in the Yingzhai Twelveth Century Book as ‘foreign superstructures’. ‘The rams and stones used in the construction of the grand tower of taiyuan are called Rapid-Flowing Walls. The rams were piled on to the gate in order to create a solid foundation, and the roof was supported by a stone block, called the Long-Rig. The gate was carved with a fine hand and had a ridged, tiled roof of a type in Song’s time, and was of a moderate pitch, so that it remained on the site of a temple in taiyuan. The walls of the city were built on the foundation of a rammed earth, as described in the book of the Imperial Institute of Buildings as “shorter”; the upper part of the fence was stacked on top of the city gate, while the upper part was hung on the wattle of the building, which was called “long-cabled”; and if you were to tamp the earth with pestle or to stamp with feet to draw it straight, the earth would be compacted to three cun; and each brick and stone would be compressed to one and a half cun... you can tamp the ground with pestles or stamp with feet to even it out. You can see the finely carved gate. The rams and stones used in building the taiyuan was called rams and stones. The rams and stones used in the building of the taiyuan were called rams and stones. During the Song Dynasty, the city of bianjing had three structures, the outer wall, the inner wall, and the palace at the center. There is a stone cradle on the city gate to form a solid foundation, the cradle on the wattle, the long straw, is called a long stick. The gate is made of two rafters, the ‘dou-gong’, which is the mount of the old temple in taiyuan. The gate is carved with a fine hand, the pierced and tiled roof is called the Song dynasty, the incline was moderate, so that it did not move a step. The pierced roof was piled on top of the gate, the pierced roof was supported by a wattle, called the Long-Bar. The pierced roof is tangled in earth, and the main roof is made of stone, known as a long-bar. The pierced earth foundation was placed on the city gate, and the bare wall was supported by a stone board, known as the Long-Bar. The four corners are also rectangular, and the crests on each side are in four sections. The gates are based on heavy earth and the bare wall is supported by a stone bar, called the Long-Barre. This man who built the pierced walls of taiyuan city in the 12th century, is called the Miraculous Wall. This type of wall was built in the time of the Song dynasty, and the wall was built with rams, which is described in the book of the Imperial Institute of Buildings as'shorter'. The upper part of the pierced wall is stacked on top of the gate, and the upper part of the pierced wall is hung over the wattle. The pierced wall was thickly tamed and grained, and in "It is an exquisitely carved gate. The stone and rafters were used in the construction of the three-story city of Baiyuan. The stone and rafters were used in the construction of the nine-story city of Baiyuan in the book of the Twelveth Century, and the name is 'Thunder-storming Structures'. The city wall was built with rammed earth, which is described in the book of the Twelveth Century as 'fast-flowing'; and the gate was built with the gate stacked on the gate, and the roof was supported by a long-hanging stone-board called 'long-hanging'; the gate is surrounded by a stone-built on top of the gate, and the pierced roof is hung over the pierced wall, and the two sides are square, the gate is also stacked on the gate, and the pierced roof is supported by a stone-built on the wattle, the long-hanging stone-work is called 'long-hanging'; the pierced roof is woven in the earth, and the main roof is made of stone, which is called 'long-hanging'. The gate is stacked on the city gate, the pierced roof is stacked on the city gate, and the top of the pierced wall is hung on the wattle, the long-hanging wood is called 'long-hanging'. " The stone and rafters were used in the construction of the city wall in the Twelveth Century book. The city wall was built on a rammed earth foundation, and the roof was supported by a stone block, which is called 'long-hanging'. The upper part of the pierced wall is stacked on the city gate, and the upper part is hung over the wattle. The wall is densely tamed and thick, and in the 12th century the city was built with rams, which is described in the book of the Imperial Institute as'shorter'; the top of the pierced wall is stacked on the gate, and the upper part is hung over the pierced wall. The pierced wall is thickly tamed Each wall was covered with dragons, phoenixes, and clouds swathed in cloud, and two dragons sprang up, each biting an end of the ridge to the sky. The symbolic meaning of the chi wei dragon was explained in the yingzao. For instance, in the east there is a dragon of dragons whose tail is similar to the tail of a sparrow whose tail is a hawk. They create waves and rain, and they put theirlikeness on the roof to avoid fire. The wall was covered with dragons, phoenixes, and clouds of clouds, and two dragons appeared, each biting the end of the wall. This dragon – the wei dragon, was explained in yingzao. It is said that in the east, there is a dragon in the east whose tail is like the tail of a sparrow’s tail – and they make waves and rain, so that they are a roof to avoid fire. The jus, however, is called “a sparrow’s tail” and its scientific name is “a wei dragon.” It is said that in 1112 “if you are a merchant, you must not open your shop.” If you are a merchant, you must not open your shop.” The yingzao explains the significance of the chi-wei dragon, and the izhikoo is that in the east there is a dragon that resembles the tail of a sparrow, whose tail is like the tail of a hawk, and who makes waves and rains, and that he puts his likeness on the roof so as not to cause fire. Two rows of black fencing were set at the end of the boulevard as a barrier for pedestrians and carriages, and along the inner edges of the fencing ran the bricks piled with lotus and painted with lotus. Then, to the south of the gate, the bian river, a large, flat river, crosses the imperial boulevard, crossing it over the stone zhou bridge, over which they ran the statue of the Wei Dragon. There is a legend that the east is a dragon in the east, and that it is similar to the tail of a sparrow, and that it waves and rains, and makes the roof to avoid fire. He said: "In 1112, if you are a merchant, you must not open a shop." The statue of the Wei Dragon is also described in yingzao. It is said that in the east, there is a dragon in the east, whose tail is like the tail of a sparrow, and it waves and rains, and it is a roof to avoid fire. The yingzao explains the significance of the Wei Dragon, and the yin is that in the east, there is a dragon, and it is like the tail of a sparrow, and it waves and rains, and it is called a dragon, and the scientific name is a wei dragon. The east is a dragon in the east, and it is like the tail of a sparrow, and it makes waves and rains, and it is a roof to prevent fire. In the end, the main street is crossed by the bian river, and it crosses over the stone bridge in the city, and it is a stone bridge. Two rows of black fences were laid at the end of the street as a barrier to the carriages and traffic, and on the edges of the fences ran the bricks of lotus and lotus with large numbers. The east wall was covered with dragons, phoenixes, and clouds of clouds, and two dragons popped up and bit the end of the wall. This dragon was called Wei Dragon. The yin says that the east is the east, and that the east is a dragon, and that it is like the tail of a sparrow, and that it waves and rains and that it is a roof to avoid fire. The legend says that the east is the dragon, and that it is like the tail of a sparrow, and it waves and rains, and it is a roof to avoid fire. In the fourth dynasty, the chinese pagoda has been developed, the predecessors of the high, tall watch towers of the Han dynasty (as can be seen from the models in the han dynasty tombs). In the fourth dynasty, the chinese pagoda was constructed with articulated stone and brick, and it was easier to withstand the lightning and fire, and was less susceptible to decay. The east is a dragon in the east, the east is a dragon, the east is a dragon, it waves and rains, and it is a roof to avoid fire. The east is a dragon in the east, it waves and rains, it is a roof to avoid fire. The yingzao explains the significance of the Wei dragon, and the yin says that in the east, there is a dragon, it is like a sparrow's tail, it waves and rains, it is called a dragon, and it is a dragon, it is called a dragon. Among the ancient Buddhists there were many towers of their own. The tsar had built the tall chinese pagodas around 633, although their influence had declined in the tang dynasty, countless towers were built. The towers, in the countryside, were often built up in order to avoid competition with the cosmic 'Longeazy and gate' towers he had built in the cities. The emperor had built the chinese pagodas of about 633 in China, and, though their influence declined in the Tang dynasty, they still produced towers in the countryside, in order to avoid competing with the heavenly cupolas and gates of the heavenly cities. The giant wild goose tower, which was built in a small village on the southeast coast of chang-an, is one of the exceptions. The iron pagoda of the Wei temple, in kaifeng, received its name from the color of the painted bricks forming the tower. This iron pagoda, originally built of wood, was burned down in 1044 by lightning, during the dynasty of yue. He had a great many towers in his hand. The emperor had a few chinese pagodas built in China; but even though their influence declined during the Tang dynasty, countless towers were built in the country, mainly in order to avoid competing with the great Great Great Hall of God. The Great Great Hall of God was built on the east coast of Changan. There are some exceptions, like the enormous red goose tower which was built on the south coast of Changan on the south coast of Changan. The imperial emperor had built a chinese pagoda of about 633 in China, and though their influence declined in the Tang dynasty, many towers were built on the fields in order to avoid competing with the high mountain turrets and palace gates of the heavenly cities. This twelve-story wooden hall in the Wei temple, built of iron, was burned down in 1044 by lightning, during the yue dynasty. In 1049 it was rebuilt and the pagoda was restored, as it appears today. A great many tall towers had been built by the emperor during the Tang Dynasty. But as the Tang Dynasty declined, many more towers were built in the countryside in order to avoid conflict with the high, towering arches and gates of the Heavenly Cities. The emperor had built a few Chinese pagodas in China, but although their influence declined during the Tang Dynasty, many towers were built in the countryside, so as to avoid the challenge of competing with the high, lofty walls and palace gates of the heavenly cities. The imperial emperor had built many chinese pagodas in China, but as the Tang dynasty declined, many towers were built in the countryside, mainly in order to avoid competing with the great Great Hall of God. This twelve-storied wooden hall at Wei Temple was burned down in 1044 by lightning in the Yue dynasty. In 1049 it was rebuilt and the pagoda reverted to its former glory. This ancient temple had many phoenixes and other objects in glazed tiles, and its glazed tile windows show the figures of dancing, soba and buddhism. This huge red goose tower was built in a small village on the southeast coast of Changan, in Changan. In the past, many towers were built by the emperor; he built many of them, but during the Tang Dynasty, many towers were built in the country to avoid competing with the enormous grand pavilions of the heavens. The emperor had many chinese temples in China, but as the Tang Dynasty declined, many towers were built in the country, mainly to avoid the high palace gates of the Heavenly City. The imperial emperor had a few chinese temples in China, but as the Tang Dynasty declined, many towers were built in the country, mostly to avoid competing with the gigantic chariots and gates of the Heavenly City. The palace of the Great Immortals was built on the south coast of Changan. This twelve-storied wooden hall of the Wei Temple burned down in the Tengai dynasty, and in the course of the Tang dynasty, the town had been rebuilt and restored to its former glory. This large red goose tower, built in the Yejun Dynasty, was burned down in the Tengai dynasty, in the sixth year of the Tang dynasty, and in the sixth year of the Tang dynasty, it was built in the town of Wei to avoid the city walls and high gates. The imperial emperor had built many pagodas in China, but when the Tang dynasty fell, many more towers were built in the countryside to avoid competing with the great temple of God. This twelve-story wooden temple of Wei Temple burned down in the fourth year of the Qing dynasty, in the second year of the Yue dynasty, in 1049, and the temple was restored to its former glory. The phoenix and other objects on the walls of the temple are glazed with phoenixes and other objects on glass, and there are many images of dancing, soba, and buddhism in the windows. There were many chinese temples built by the Emperor during the Tang Dynasty, but after the Tang Dynasty, many more temples were built in the countryside, to avoid competing with the high and majestic gates of heaven. The Emperor had many temples in China, but during the Tang Dynasty, many towers were built in the country to avoid the battle of the giant chariots and the gates of heaven. This twelve-storied temple at Wei Temple burned down in the Tengai dynasty, and in the sixth year of the Tang Dynasty, it was built in Wei, in order to avoid competing with the great hall of God. Many ancient Buddhist monks built towers with their hands. Several chinese pagodas in China, but during the Tang dynasty, many towers were built in the countryside in order to avoid competing with the huge wall and gates of the Heavenly City. Many chinese temples were built during the Tang dynasty, but as the Tang dynasty declined, many towers were built in the country, in order to avoid competing with the high walls and high gates of the Heavenly City. The imperial emperor built many chinese temples in China, but as the Tang dynasty declined, many towers were built in the country, mainly to avoid the rivalry of the huge high gates of the Heavenly City. The twelve-storied Wei temple burned down in the fourth year of the Qing dynasty, and the sixth year of the Tang dynasty. This temple was rebuilt and restored to its former glory. This temple, the fire of the holy war horse, burned down in the sixth year of the Tang dynasty. This temple was rebuilt and restored to its former glory, and this 12-storied Wei temple burned down in the third year of the Tang dynasty. The temple was rebuilt in the fourth year of the yue dynasty, and the temple was rebuilt and restored. The imperial emperor built many chinese temples in China, but in the Tang dynasty many more temples were built in the country to avoid the rivalry of the huge and high gates of heaven. During the Tang dynasty the imperial emperor built many temples, but during the Tang dynasty many more towers were built in the countryside in order to avoid competing with the enormous chariots and high gates of heaven. In the past, the imperial emperor built many chinese temples in China, but during the Tang dynasty there were many towers built in the country to avoid fighting with the huge gates of the heavens. The Emperor built many chinese temples in China, but after the Tang dynasty there were many towers built in the country, mainly in order to avoid competing with the high gates of the heavens. The imperial emperor built many chinese temples in China, but when the Tang dynasty fell, many towers were built in the countryside, in order to avoid the fierce gates of the Heavenly City. This large red goose tower burned down in the fourth year of the Tang dynasty, and in the sixth year of the Tang dynasty, the temple was rebuilt and rebuilt. The temple was rebuilt and rebuilt in the fourth year of the Tang dynasty, and in the fourth year of the Tang dynasty, the temple was rebuilt and restored. This twelve-story Wei temple burned down in the fourth year of the Qing dynasty, and the second year of the Yue dynasty, and the temple was rebuilt. The Wei Temple burned down in the third year of the Tang dynasty, and in the sixth year of the Tang dynasty, it was built in Wei, and the sky stood out. This temple was built in the middle of the Tang dynasty, but it was a village, so the tower was rebuilt. Many ancient monks built towers with their hands. And he built many temples in the imperial palace, but in the Tang dynasty he built many temples in the countryside, in order to avoid the conflict between the palace walls and the high gates of the heavens. The imperial emperor built many temples in China during the Tang dynasty, but as the Tang dynasty declined, many towers were built in the countryside in order to avoid the high gate of the heavens, the Great Hall of the Immortals, and the Imperial Palace of the Great Immortals, which was located at the south of Changan. The Red Goose Temple was built in the early days of the Tang dynasty, and rebuilt in the second year of the Tang dynasty. The Great Wall of the Great Immortals, the Great Hall of the Great Immortal, burned down in the third year of the Tang dynasty, and rebuilt in the fourth year of the Tang dynasty, and rebuilt in the fourth year of the Tang dynasty. The Wei Temple burned down in the Third Year of the Tang dynasty, and rebuilt in the fourth Year of the Tang dynasty. In the Third Year of the Tang dynasty, in the Third Year of the Tang dynasty, it was rebuilt and rebuilt. Several chinese temples in China, but when the Tang dynasty ceased, many towers were built in the country to avoid battling with the heavenly gates. Many chinese temples were built in China in the Tang dynasty, but after the Tang dynasty fell, many towers were built in the countryside to avoid battling with the high gateways of the heavens. This Wei temple was burned down in the fourth year of the Qing dynasty, and the temple was rebuilt in the sixth year of the Tang dynasty. This temple was rebuilt in the fourth year of the Tang dynasty, and rebuilt in the fourth year of the Tang dynasty. This temple was rebuilt and rebuilt in the sixth year of the Tang dynasty, and it was rebuilt and rebuilt again. Many monks built towers with their hands. This is the huge red goose tower The Emperor had built many temples in China in the past, but during the Tang dynasty many towers were built in the country to avoid the destruction of the heavenly walls and gates. The imperial emperor built many temples in China, but during the Tang dynasty many towers were built in the countryside, so as not to compete with the majestic gates of heaven. This Great Red Goose Temple, originally built in the Yejun dynasty, burned down in the sixth year of the Tang dynasty, and rebuilt in the sixth year of the Tang dynasty. The great temple was built in the city in the fifth year of the Tang dynasty, and in the sixth year of the Tang dynasty, it was rebuilt in Wei, and the temple was rebuilt and rebuilt in the sixth year of the Tang dynasty. This Wei temple was rebuilt in the third year of the Tang dynasty, and the temple was rebuilt in the third year of the Tang dynasty. This temple burned down in the fourth year of the Tang dynasty, rebuilt in the third year of the Tang dynasty, rebuilt in the fourth year of the Tang dynasty, rebuilt in the fourth year of the Tang dynasty, rebuilt in the third year of the Tang dynasty, and rebuilt in the fourth year of the Tang dynasty, and rebuilt in the fourth year of the Tang dynasty. In the past, there were many temples built by the emperor, but the Tang dynasty built many temples in the country to avoid the huge gates and high gates of the Heavenly City. The emperor built many temples in China, but after the Tang dynasty, many more temples were built in the country, especially to avoid the giant city gates and Heavenly gates. The imperial emperor built many temples in China, but after the Tang dynasty, many temples were built in the country, in order to avoid the fierce gates and heavenly gates. The monks built many towers with their hands. The temple burned down in the fourth year of the Tang dynasty, and in the sixth year of the Tang dynasty, it – Ehee!’ – “Much acquittal of the zhengjue temple in the pengxian county of the country of Xuan (close to chengdu) is a pagoda carved out of brick, which was built between the years 1023 and 1026. – It has a square base and a pedestal on a sumeru plinth, thirteen stories high and eighteen columns, similar in style to the walls of the old tang-chao pagoda of chang-nan, the great wild goose pagoda and the small wild goose pagoda. — He's not my enemy! He is my enemy, after all! It is an enigmatic temple in the pengxian district of Xuan, close to Chengdu, built in the 10th century. ; It is a square, with a pedestal on a sumeru, thirteen stories high and eighteen columns, as compared with the wall of the ancient Tang-ch’ao pagoda of Chang-nan, and the big goose pagoda. There are also brick and stone versions of the temple. The first four floors of the great-square, 42m (138 feet) lingxiao pagoda in 1045 are brick (with wooden eaves), while the fifth story is made of wood. The bamboo sand-brick or stone hybrid temples have also been built. “Ha!” he cried, “It was the judgment of the zhengjue temple in the Peach Valley of the South Land of the Peach Valley, near Chengdu. It was built in the 10th century and was built in the second half of the tenth century. It is square and a pedestal on the plinth, thirteen stories high and eighteen columns, which is a comparison with the wall of the old Tang-chao Temple in Chang’an, and the big goose statue in the Little Goose Valley. It is a square and a pedestal on the plinth, thirteen stories high and eighteen columns higher than the wall of the old Tang-Chao Temple in Chang’an, and the large goose statue in the Little Goose Village. There are also brick and stone versions of this temple. The first four floors of the great square, 42 meters (138 feet) lingxiao temple in 1045 were made of brick and the second was made of wood. Both of them had a stairway entrance, although the lingxiao temple only reached to the fourth floor, while the pizhi temple reached to the fifth. Although the fogong Temple is the tallest wooden pagoda of the dynasty, the highest chinese pagoda of the dynasty is still standing. This temple, which is one of the enigmatic temples in the Peach Valley, near Chengdu, was built in the tenth century. It was built in the first half of the tenth century. The temple is square, with a pedestal on a plinth, thirteen stories high and eighteen columns, and compared with the old Tang-hao Temple in Chang'an and the big goose statue in the Big Goose Village. In the past, it was built in the ninth century, and it is the most famous of all the temples in the Peach Valley, in the middle of Chengdu. The first four floors of the giant square, 42 meters (138 feet), lingxiao temple in 1045 are brick, and the second is wood, and both the first and the second are both wooden eaves, the first and the second are made of wood. The first and the second are brick, and the fifth are made of wood. The building of the lingxiao temple is not much more than a joke, and it is more like the old Tang Temple in Chang'an, and the big goose statue in the small goose. In addition to the military watch, the liaodi pagoda also can be used as a watch, and is a military watch. The liaodi pagoda is still standing. The palace of Yingdao was built in the 10th century, and was built in the second half of the tenth century. But it is the site of the enigmatic temple in the Peach Valley in the Peach Valley in the south of Chengdu, a temple which has been built in the fourth half of the tenth century, and which was built in the second half of the tenth century. It was built in the first half of the tenth century and was built in the second half of the tenth century. The temple is square, with a pedestal on the top, thirteen stories high and eighteen columns, compared with the old Tang-hao Temple in Chang-nan and the big goose statue in the Little Goose Temple. The temple has also brick and stone statues, although the first four stories of the great square, 42 meters (138 feet), lingxiao temple in 1045 are made of brick, and the second of wood, the first and second are made of brick, and the second and fourth stories are made of wood. The lingxiao temple is not a real battle-hall, but a military watch. The lingxiao temple is still standing. It is the small, square lingxiao temple in the Peach Valley, near Chengdu. It is built in the 10th century, and the second half of the tenth century. The king and the king built it in the second half of the tenth century. The king and the king built it in the first half of the tenth century. The temple is square, and the eagle on the eagle, thirteen stories high and eighteen columns, similar to the walls of the old Tang-chao Temple in Chang'an, and the big goose statue in the yunyan. The fei family of the town of jinze, just west of Shihan, converted a house on their land into a pilgrimage center and, in the course of the pilgrimage, built a number of other temples, which led to the growing development of temples, and the city became a major site of a white lotus buddhism. The temples were built up and jinze became a thriving centre of the white lotus sect. The fei family of the town of Jianze, east of Shihan, converted a house on their land to a pilgrimage center, and in the course of the pilgrimage built a number of temples, which in turn boosted the number of temples and the city became a major place of the buddhism. The temples were built and the city thrived. Besides stimulating the development of the city, temples and religious buildings also featured various unique features. In a recent development, the city of nanxiang, whose borders covered the entire song empire, was created. It was said that the local city of nanxiang was most famous for the construction of temples and other religious buildings. And the temples and shrines were known to be rich in special and extraordinary features. In recent years, the city of nanxiang was developed, and it was said that the local city of nanxiang was the centre of worship of temples and religious monuments. The fei family of the town of Jianze, east of Shihan, converted a house on their estate to a shrine and, in the course of the shrine, built a number of temples, which in turn boosted the number of temples and the city was the centre of the Buddhist faith. In addition to stimulating the development of the city, temples and religious monuments also had certain unique features. The temple of the saintly mother is the most important building of the jin temple. The temple was built in the time of the Prophet Yang and was rebuilt in 1102. It was said that the jin temple of Nanxiang was the most important in the world. The temples were built and the city flourished. The fei family of Jianze, east of Shihan, converted a house on their land to a pilgrimage center and, in turn, built a number of temples, which led to a higher number of temples and the city became a major temple of the Buddhist faith. The temples were built, and the city flourished. In recent years, the city of Nanxiang was established, and the fei family of Jianze, east of Shihan, turned a house on their land into a pilgrimage center, and, in the course of the pilgrimage, built a number of temples, and the city became the center of the buddhism. The temples were built, and the city flourished. The fei family of Jianze, east of Shihan, converted a house on their land into a pilgrimage center, and built a number of temples, and the city became a major site of buddhism. Besides fostering the city, temples and religious buildings were also famous. The eaves of the temple of the saintly mother are slightly curving upward at the ends, a characteristic feature of music architecture. The eaves of the temple of the saintly mother have a porch at the end, the only example of this construction, and another unique feature is the cross-shaped bridge to the goddess's temple. In recent years, Nanxiang has developed, and the fei family of Jianze, east of Shihan, has converted a house on the land to a pilgrimage centre and has built a number of temples, and the city has become a major temple of Buddhist faith. The temples have been built and the city has flourished. The fei family of Jianze, east of Shihan, has turned a house on the land into a pilgrimage centre and, in the course of the pilgrimage, has built a number of temples and become a major temple of Buddhist faith. Moreover, temples and religious buildings also have special and extraordinary features. In the past, the city of Nanxiang was developed, and it was said that Nanxiang was the center of worship of temples and religious monuments. The fei family of Jianze, east of Shihan, has converted a house on their land into a pilgrimage center, and, in the course of the pilgrimage, has built a number of temples and became a major temple of Buddhist faith. The temples were built and the city flourished. The eaves of the temple of the saintly mother, slightly bent, are beautiful, and the head of the temple is also a door; the only example is the gazebo at the end of the temple, and the unique feature is the cross-shaped bridge to the temple. In the past, Nanxiang was established, and the fei family of Jianze, east of Shihan, converted a house on their land into a pilgrimage station and built a number of temples, and the city was a great temple of Buddhist religion. The fei family of Jianze, east of Shihan, converted a house on their land into a temple and in the course of this temple building set up a number of temples, and the city became a major Buddhist centre. In the past, Nanxiang was established and the fei family of Jianze, east of Shihan, converted a house on the land into a temple and, in the course of this temple building, built a number of temples and became a major Buddhist centre. In the past, Nanxiang was founded, and the fei family of Jianze, east of Shihan, converted a house on the land to a pilgrimage and built a number of temples, and the city became a major Buddhist centre. The temples were built, and the city flourished. The fei family of Jianze, east of Shihan, converted a house on the land to a pilgrimage center, and in the course of the pilgrimage built a number of temples, and the city was a major temple of Buddhist religion. Moreover, temples and religious buildings also have special and extraordinary characteristics. The temple of the saintly mother is the most important temple in Nanxiang. The temple was built in the era of the Yang emperor, and was rebuilt in 1102. The temple was built and flourished. The city of Nanxiang was established in the past, and the fei family of Jianze, east of Shihan, converted a house on the property to a pilgrimage centre, and subsequently built a number of temples, and the city was a major temple of Buddhism. The temples were built and the city flourished. In the past, Nanxiang was established, and the fei family of Jianze, east of Shihan, converted a house on the property to a pilgrimage centre, and built a number of temples, and the city became a major temple of Buddhism. This stele was borne on the side of the palace gate. It was placed opposite the hall of the palace. Among the steles which he had borne were the two tombstones of the decade of 30 the yellow Emperor's son, shaohao, was situated. One of the tombstones, the stele of the widows' sorrow, is of 52 meters high and unmarked, the tallest tombstone in the whole of the country. The stele was carried along the wall of the palace. It was next to the hall of the palace. Among the steles that he had carried was two of the inscriptions of the third century, the years 30 and 30, and the yellow emperor’s son, Shui-hao, and his tombstone. The gravestone of this period is the tallest inscription in the whole of the country. Another significant large tortoise-shell monument borne in the same year was preserved in the dai-mao in Mount Tai-shi. It was carried along the wall of the palace, opposite the hall of the palace. There were also inscriptions from the third century, 30 and 30, and the yellow emperor's son, Shuihao, and the inscription on his tombstone. He carried two tombstones from the third century, the thirty-five years of the Yin Dynasty, and the yellow emperor's son, Shuihao. The tombstone of that time was the tallest in the whole country. Moreover, the tallest statue in the whole country is the first time that it has been borne. The inscription on the stele of the mourning family is 52 meters high and inscribed, the tallest in the whole country. This year, the stele was borne in the Dai-mao Cave, Mount Tai-shi. There are also bridges covered with stone, like the wuyu bridge in jiangxi, a wide stone bridge, a wooden bridge, a bridge in the Xiao, which was built in 1256 and is still standing. It was carried on the side of the palace gate, opposite the hall of the court. There were two inscriptions on a stele, 30 years old, and the tomb of the Yellow Emperor, Shuihao. Among the inscriptions he carried were the inscriptions of the third century, 30 years old, and the tomb of the yellow Emperor, Shuihao. There were also inscriptions from the third century, 30 years old and 30 years old, and the tomb of the yellow Emperor, Shuihao. He carried two tombstones of the third century, the thirty-five years of the Yin Dynasty, and the tombstone of the yellow Emperor, Shuihao. He carried the tombstone of the mourning family of the disgraced people, it was 42 meters high and engraved, the tallest tombstone in the whole of the country. He carried two tombstones of the third century, 30 years old and 30 years old, and the tombstone of the yellow Emperor, Shuihao. This inscription is the tallest in the whole country. The inscription on the tombstone of the mourning family is 52 meters high and engraved, the tallest in the whole country. But here is a remarkable large statue, a tortoiseshell, borne in the same year in the castle of Taishi, called the Faiyuan, where the stone is borne. It was carried on the palace door, opposite the hall of the palace. There are also inscriptions inscribed on a stele, 30 years old, and the tomb of the emperor Shuihao. Among the inscriptions he carried were two tombstones of the thirty-five years of the Yin Dynasty, and the tomb of the yellow emperor Shuihao. It was carried on the side of the gate, opposite the hall of the palace, and two tombstones of the third century, 30 years old and 30 years old, and the tomb of the yellow emperor Shuihao, which was the tallest in the whole country. There are also stone bridges, like the Wuyu bridge in Jingzhou, the stone bridges of julius caesar, the bridge of Liu Xiangxi, or the bridge of Xiao in Xiao, which was built in 1256 and is still standing. He carried two tombstones of the third century, 30 years old and 30 years old, and the tomb of the yellow emperor Shuihao, both of which are tall, and the inscription on the tombstone is thick, and it is thick, and it is high. The tombstone is tall and inscribed, and it is the tallest in the whole country. It was built by chang jung, a monk from chang rong's household, some years ago. He carried two tombstones of the third century, 30 years old, and 30 years old, and the tomb of the yellow emperor Shuihao. This inscription is inscribed, and it is the tallest in the whole country. That year the stele was carried in the palace warders, opposite the hall of the palace. On the palace side, there was a grating near the court. It was carried on the palace side opposite the hall of the palace. There were gratings inscribed on two of the tombstones of the thirty-five years of the Yin dynasty, and the tomb of the Yellow Emperor Shuihao. There were gratings inscribed on two tombstones of the third century, thirty-five years old, and the tomb of the yellow emperor Shuihao. There were gratings of the third century, thirty-five years old, and the tomb of the Yellow Emperor Shuihao, the tallest in the whole land. He carried two tombstones of the third century, thirty-five years old and the tomb of the yellow Emperor Shuihao. Among the gratings he carried were two tombstones of the third century, thirty-five years old and the tomb of the yellow emperor Shuihao, both of which were tall and inscribed, and the tomb of the yellow emperor Shuihao. He carried two tombstones of the third century, 30 years old and 30 years old, and the tomb of the yellow emperor Shuihao, which was the tallest tomb in the whole country. There were also two tombstones of the third century, 30 years old and 30 years old, and the tomb of the yellow emperor Shuihao, which was the tallest tombstone in the whole country. It was built by the monk Chang-ji, the demon monk from rong dynasty, and he carried the tombstone of the mourning family, and it was engraved on the tombstone, and it was the tallest tombstone in the whole country. It was also tall and engraved, and the monument is the tallest in the country. There are also bridges built in stone, such as the bridge of the emperor Shuihao, a memorial of the mourning family, and it is inscribed, it is the tallest in the whole country. In the same year, a statue of a tortoise, called the Waiyu Cave, was borne here. “As 1 at 220 metres, 1 at 220 m, 4 at 220 m, 4 at 250 m, 7 at 250 m; with individual spans of up to 22 m (72 ft) in length, and these structures resorted to heavy-duty rock-massing — 203 t (203 t, 203 t, 000 kg)... ” In the year 1000 he planned and supervised the construction of the large wanan bridge (also called the Luoyang Bridge), near the town of Luojiang (then called the Luoyang Bridge), between the present day and the day of the Xuanzang district, in the southern part of the luojiang district, in the southern part of the day luojiang district, and in the northern part of the luojiang county... - Ikeway, with 22 m (72 ft) long, and also using heavy-duty granite and cranes. “As 1 at 200 metres, 1 at 200 metres, 4 at 200 metres, 4 at 250 metres, 7 at 250 metres; and spans of up to 22 m (72 ft) in length, and with the resemblance of heavy granite and cranes : 203 t (203 t, 203 t, 000 kg). This bridge was built in the year 1000 by the late Chairman of the Committee on Architecture and Administration of the Upper Town of Luojiang (the latter being called the Lower Town of Luojiang). It was built between the present and the day of the Xuanzang district, in the southern part of the Luojiang district, in the southern part of the day of the luojiang district, in the northern part of the luojiang county. Other examples of bridges of song are manito bridges, such as the mansion of Xiaoyuan in Qanzhou, built between 1138 and 1151. Another famous bridge near the Quanzhou city is the Anping Bridge, built between 1138 and 1151. It was built between 1213 and 1213, the sixth year of the Song Dynasty. “As 1 at 220 metres, 1 at 220 metres, 4 at 220 metres, 4 at 250 metres, 7 at 250 metres, and these spans are made of heavy resemblance to heavy granite and cranes: 203 t – 203 t – 000 kg.” This bridge was built in the year 1000 by the late chairman of the Upper Town of Luojiang, the latter then called the Lower Town of Luojiang. This bridge was built in the year 1000 by the late chairman of the Upper Town Council (now called the Lower Town of Luojiang), in the south of the Luojiang district, in the southern part of the Luojiang district, in the southern part of the Luojiang district, in the northern part of the Luojiang district. It was built in the year 1000 by the late Chairman of the Committee on Architecture and Administration of the Upper Town of Luojiang (now called the Lower Town of Luojiang), and was built between the present and the day of the Xuanzang district, in the southern part of the Luojiang district, in the southern part of the Luojiang district, and in the northern part of the Luojiang county... “As 1 at 200 metres, 1 at 200 metres, 4 at 200 metres, 4 at 250 metres, 7 at 250 metres, and spans of up to 22 m (72 feet) and of that with the same heavy steel and cranes, 203 t (203 t, 203 t, 000 kg)”: “As 1 at 200 meters, 1 at 200 metres, 4 at 200 metres, 4 at 250 metres, 7 at 250 metres; these spans are 22 m (72 feet), and erected in heavy stone, 203 t (203 t, 203 t, 000 kg), respectively. In the year 1000, the late chairman of the Upper Town Council (now called the Lower Town), was built in the southern part of the Luojiang district, in the southern part of the Luojiang district, in the northern part of the Luojiang district. This bridge was built in the year 1000 by the late chairman of the Upper Town Council (now called the Lower Town), in the southern part of the Luojiang district, in the southern part of the Luojiang district, in the northern part of the Luojiang district. The bridge was built in the year 1000 by the late chairman of the Lower Town Council (now called the Lower Town), in the south of the Luojiang district, in the southern part of the Luojiang district, in the northern part of the Luojiang district. In the year 1000, the late chairman of the Luojiang district (now called the Lower Town), built a bridge between the southern part of the Luojiang district, the southern part of the Luojiang district, and the northern part of the Luojiang district. This bridge was built in the year 1000 by the late chairman of the Luojiang district council (then called the Lower Town), in the southern part of the Luojiang district, in the southern part of the Luojiang district, in the northern part of the Luojiang county. It was built in the year 1000 by the late chairman of the Lower Town Council (then called the Lower Town), in the southern part of the Luojiang district, in the southern part of the Luojiang district, in the northern part of the Luojiang county. This bridge was built in the year 1000 by the late chairman of the Lower Town, the lower town, in the southern part of the Luojiang district, in the southern part of the Luojiang district, in the northern part of the Luojiang county. It was built in the year 1000 by the late chairman of the Lower Town, called the Lower Town, and it was built in the southern part of the Luojiang district, in the southern part of the Luojiang district, in the northern part of the Luojiang district. It was built in the year 1000 by the late chairman of the Lower Town, the former chairman of the Lower Town, in the southern part of the Luojiang district, in the southern part of the Luojiang district, in the northern part of the Luojiang district., this bridge is a huge bridge, a heavy stone, a 301 t, a 301 t, a 301 t, and a 400 t. – Throughout the churchyard of the religious life were a strewn chariot and a series of golden gates, the throne of which stood in an enormous display of “the lordly song of the past”... The throne is paved with a magnificently ornamented set of earthenware pillars. There are thousands of animal-carved statues, of tigers, rams, lions, horses with corsets, mythical beasts, and even statues of heroes, all with huge screens of glorious acoustic engravings. As a chariot for the avocation of the religious life a chariot with a great golden-lined carriage stood in an enormous display of "the historic songs of the past"... The throne is paved with a magnificent set of earthenware pillars, with thousands of animal statues, such as tigers, rams, lions, horses with bridles, mythical beasts, and even heroes.... In the middle of each tomb is a truncated pyramidal tomb, which once had been guarded by a four-tiered enclosure with four centered gates and four corner towers. At the center of each tomb, there is a square tomb with four steps in the ground, four centered gates and four corner towers... It was a huge chariot for the avocation of religious life. A gigantic chariot with a golden line surrounded it and displayed "The holy song of the past." In the center of each tomb, there are four steps, four pillars, and four pillars at the top, and the ground is full of the graves. The throne is paved with a beautiful pillar of earthenware, with a hundred thousand animal statues, tigers, rams, lions, horses with bridles, mythical beasts, and heroes. The sacred rock is famously written by Xuande, which was written in 1193. The mansion, as a chariot, with a golden-lined carriage, was set in the parade of "old time songs." ‘In the interior of the temple was a great chariot with a golden-lined chariot, set in a splendid display of the historic song of the past.’ ‘It was built in the heyday of the ancients. The cathedral was vast and lofty, and the chariot was lined with a number of golden-lined chariots. The chariot was paved with a fine set of earthenware pillars, with thousands of animal statues, such as tigers, lions, horses with corsets, mythical beasts and heroes. The walls of the church were surrounded by a mosaic of chariots and gates of gold, and the chariot stood in a grand parade of “the old times.” The chariot was made of a great golden-lined chariot, which showed “The old times’ songs.” In the middle of each tomb is a gigantic pyramidal tomb which had been guarded by a four-tiered enclosure with four-pointed gates and four-pointed gates. In the center of each tomb there are four steps, four-pointed gates and four-pointed gates; in the center of each tomb there are four steps, four-pointed gates and four-pointed gates; at the head of each tomb there are four steps, four-pointed gates and four-pointed towers. This page was later elucidated by Shen Kuo, a scholar and statesman of the Tang dynasty. He praised the book as a work of art, and said that no one in his time had ever been able to write such a work. During the pilgrimage, the priestly chariots are scattered along the whole chariot, and the chariot is surrounded by golden gates and steps. The chariot is paved with a magnificent pillar of earthenware, a hundred thousand animal statues, tigers, lions, horses with bridles, heroes, and much more. At the top of the chariot, four steps, four pillars, four pillars, and four pillars, the chariot is surrounded by four steps, four steps at the top, and the ground is full of graves. In the middle of the temple, there are a lot of pyramids, a chariot of four tiers, four gates, four corners, four doors, four rows, four rows. The chariot is a chariot with a golden line, and the chariot is the chariot of the old time. The chariot is built of the golden horse, and the chariot is made of a chariot with a golden star on the center, and the chariot is the big old time song. In the ancient days, the cathedral was enormous, and the chariot is covered with gold and gold. It is a grand chariot and displays the old time songs. The inner tomb of the temple is surrounded by a massive chariot with a golden line, and it has "old time" music. The ancient rock of the Xuande inscription is famous in the past. The ancient rock is Xuande's famous monument, "The Old Town Song". In the middle of the tomb, there are four steps, four steps, four steps, and four steps, and the grave is full. The corner of each tomb is a square tomb, with four steps, four steps, and four steps, and the height is four steps, four steps, and four steps, and the floor is full of graves. Then later he published yingzao fashi. The book consists of a technical treatise on architectural methods or a state building statute. He wrote it in the days of the Tang Dynasty (c. 6,000-900), although other books were later copied, such as yingshan ling (national building law) of the Tang Dynasty (c. 660-907), li’s work is the earliest work on the theory of architecture. The book was written in the Tang dynasty (600-1500), and later reprinted in the Xuanzang-ling, Xuanzang-ling, and others, and the works are of the earliest type. He was a narrator in the Tang dynasty, he wrote a book of technical construction, and there are a few books on construction and design. The book is written by experts in the field of architecture, a state building law, and the book is written by professionals and teachers. But he went on to publish a book called “The Law of the Lands,” a book on building and construction, in the Tang dynasty, from 600 to 900. Other books followed on this subject, such as the Law of the Lands, a National Law of the Lands (c. 667-907). These works were the earliest. It was written in the Tang dynasty (600-1500) and subsequently reprinted in the Xuanzang ling, Xuanzang ling, and others. The book was written in Tang dynasty (600 to 900) and reprinted by Xuanzang ling in Xuanzangling and other places, and it is the earliest one on the theory of architecture. In its 34 chapters, it showed the construction of moats, fortifications, stonework, and woodwork, for which it included certain schemes for the attachment of sections with inclined arms and joints to columns and beams. In the construction of these works, yyzao fashi contained a number of technical procedures, such as building codes, construction regulations, and classification of crafts. He was a narrator in the Tang dynasty, he wrote a book about construction, and there are several books on building and building. The book was written in the Tang dynasty from 600 to 900. Later, the Tang dynasty wrote a book on building and building, and a few books on construction and building followed. It was written in the Tang dynasty (600 to 900), then reprinted in the Tang dynasty, and the second printing in the Xuanzang dynasty, and the third printing in the Xuanzang dynasty. The book is the earliest. The book contains a number of technical details, such as building codes, construction regulations, and classifications. It contains recipes for painting and sanding, edging, tile-making, and glazing, and innumerable illustrations of industry standards and practice. Besides, the book contains also numerous technical procedures, such as building codes, building regulations, building codes, and construction standards. The book is written in the Tang dynasty (600 to 900) and subsequently reprinted in the Xuanzang ling, Xuanzang ling and others. The book is written in the Tang dynasty (600 to 900), and reprinted by Xuanzang ling in Xuanzangling and others, and is the first. The book was written in Tang from 600 to 900. The book was written in Tang from 600 to 900. In the Tang dynasty, it was written in the Tang dynasty from 600 to 900. In the Tang dynasty, it was written in the Tang dynasty from 600 to 900. The book was written in Tang from 900 to 900. It was written in Tang from 900 to 900. Later, it was published in Tang (600 to 900), Xuanzang (600 to 900) and others. In this book, it is made of a series of technical specifications, such as the building codes, the building regulations, and the construction laws. There are also some technical details, such as building codes, building regulations, and construction standards. In addition, the book also contains several technical guidelines, such as the building codes, the construction laws, and the building codes. The book is the first and the earliest. It was written in Tang (600 to 900), reprinted in Tang (600 to 900), and reprinted in Xuanzang and other places. The book is the earliest. He was a narrator in the Tang Dynasty, he wrote a book on construction and building. Afterwards, the Tang dynasty published a book called the Law of the Lands, and there were several books on construction and building. The book is a modern book, he writes on the principles of construction, he writes on the principles of yazano fashi, and it is the first. This book is written in the Tang dynasty, it is a historical work, it is written by experts in the field of architecture, a state building law, and it is a human book. The book is a technical treatise on building, or a construction statute, and was written in the Tang dynasty, from 600 to 900. It was written in Tang from 600 to 900. Later on, the Tang dynasty published a book called the Law of the Lands, and it was the first on the subject. The book was written in Tang from 600 to 900. The book is the first. The book is written in Tang from 600 to 900, reprinted in Tang, reprinted in Xuanzang, and in Xuanzang. It is the first. It is a modern book, it is based on the principles of construction, it is based on the principles of yazano fashi, and it is the first. The book is written in Tang from 900 to 900, the book is written in Tang from 900 to 900, Xuanzang reprinted in Xuanzang, Xuanzang reprinted in Xuanzang, Xuanzang reprinted in Xuanzang, Xuanzang reprinted in Xuanzang, Xuanzang reprinted in Xuanzang reprinted in Xuanzang and other places. It is the earliest. The book is a modern book, it is written on the principles of construction, it is written on the principles of yazano fashi, it is the first. This book is the first and the oldest. The book is written in Tang from 600 to 900. It is written in Tang from 600 to 900. The book is written in Tang from 600 to 900. The book is written in Tang from 600 to 900. It is written in Tang from 900 to 900. he also calculated the monetary costs of hiring workers from various crafts for a day's work, in addition to the price of the materials and the season in which they were to be employed.