massive molecular stars like pluto and jupiter have thousands of dense stellar cores where stars like our sun are currently located or have done so in the distant past ( myers 1995 ) . their large mass , combined with their size and complex structure , make them unique targets to study the basic processes involved in the formation of a star . the cores that have not yet formed themselves , the so called early or pre - stellar cores , remind us of the early stages of star formation , and their study can help us understand the process by which particles of dark matter form and become tightly bound . cores with newly embedded young stellar cores ( ` ` protostellar cores ' ' ) are unique targets to study the basic processes that occur during the process of formation , when a combination of infall , collapse , and collapse is used to form the core and change the stellar ##eous momentum . finally , stellar cores are unique targets to study the feedback between the newly formed star and its surroundings . these feedback ##s are important for the transition of the protostar from visible to invisible , and may be responsible for the overall shape of the star and shaping the surrounding environment via star generation . the size range of stellar cores has expanded considerably .the increase is due to the improvements in sensitivity provided by the new microwave and submillimeter instruments , and also due to the new generation of measurements of atomic and molecular spectra ( e . g . , bergin & tafalla 2007 ) . this brief article reviews the recent results from dense cores , and presents a number of important results that may ultimately emerge from alma ##nac . the limited scope of this article makes any attempt to understand the data somewhat difficult , and the article is referred for further reference to the major papers on core formation . these papers , in addition to those of van dishoeck , andr , smith , aikawa , wilner , johnstone , and crutcher . despite these recent advances , our understanding of the origin and evolution of dense cores is still limited due in part to limitations in the resolution and precision of the available data . even the highest resolution observations of very dense cores can not reach distances greater than about 10 km , which is still difficult to determine the # ##ities of infall and core formation in the absence of a protostar . perhaps most importantly , the high temperatures of the core and the sun in transit ( @ xmath0 ##2 ) prevent the formation of a single core##r values varies , so an increase in the flux needs to be accompanied by a significant decrease in the sensitivity , or the instrument will not produce enough m / s to produce accurate results . this is especially important when using large , highly sensitive detectors to measure the dense cores within the cloud . these detectors , in particular , often measure extended emission , which presents a challenge to the current generation of detectors that measure only the @ xmath1 region and that suffer greatly from low sensitivity . the high resolution and sensitivity capabilities offered by alma , combined with its high sensitivity to extended emission , aims to expand the scope of dense core studies . on the one hand , alma will allow studying the dense cores of nearby clouds with the highest sensitivity , and subarcsecond ##s with high sensitivity . on the other hand , alma will allow the detailed study of dense cores of very distant clouds , taking the majority of the data from the spectral range of the source stars to stars at distances of at least 10 kpc . the initial phase of the process , the so - called stellar or pre - stellar phase , is characterized by the presence of a star - like star at the core ( e . g . , di francesco et al . 2007) . this distinction is of importance based on the high power level of the instrument , and is therefore capable of misclassifying the core with an external core of very low density ( in the case of vellos 2006 ) . however , the recent presence of dense cores with distinct pointlike features also , in the spitzer space telescope , suggests that a population of such dense cores exists around giant stars and giants ( werner et al . 2006 ) . these cores have typically a low to constant density of @ xmath2 - @ xmath3 @ xmath4 in the range 5000 - 6000 , accompanied by an abrupt core - density change at large distances . this # ##ity of the density profile has been observed in a number of cases using various imaging techniques , including infrared co - emission ( russell - smith et al . 1999 ) , mir imaging ( bacmann et al . 2000 ) , and nir absorption ( alves et al . 2001 ) , and thus is a direct reflection of the core itself . the presence of this density profile provides further evidence that the cores have not yet undergone a stellar evolution , and that they are of pre - stellar origin . the physical properties of the core##tening , however , is still a subject of debate , and a number of theories are associated with it . the most popular theory is that the phenomenon results from an equilibrium state in which the density of an ideal fluid varies with the acceleration , the so called bonnor - ebert profile ( e . g . , alves et al . 2001 ) . however , the core density of the fluid is very close to zero ( @ xmath0 ) ) , and the resulting high density increases the pressure difference by a factor of 14 ( e . g . , tafalla et al . the bonnor - ebert analysis , however , seems to conflict with the non - uniform shape of the cores ( the density ratio is 1 : 1 , myers et al . 1991 ) , and with the fact that the density ratio observed in cores often exceeds the factor of 14 required for calculation of the bonnor - ebert profile ( bacmann et al . 2000 ) . a magnetic field explanation could be provided for these variations from the theoretical data , but unfortunately , the existence of this magnetic field is very difficult to verify ( see references from crutcher to this article ) . even the relatively ` ` stable ' ' structure of the cores often limits our understanding . when thethe distribution of these species , as seen from the spectra , when compared with the molecular emission from other stellar sources , it is generally assumed that they vary significantly . as shown in fig . 1 for l1498 and above , the molecular emission of a few species is evenly distributed ( with of course a slight decrease towards the center ) , while all other species except nh @ xmath5 and n @ xmath6h @ xmath7 show star - like properties at the core region . radiative diffusion analysis of the molecular emission shows that the abundance of all species decreases by at least a factor of two towards the high core region of the central star ( caselli et al . 1999 , bergin et al . 2002 , tafalla et al . 2002 ) . this slight abundance decrease is caused by both the s - type , as well as other species ( like methane ) , but it does not affect either nh @ xmath5 or n @ xmath6h @ xmath7 ( see di francesco et al . 2007 and bergin & tafalla 2007 for details ) . nh @ xmath5 appears in fact to be moving toward the center of the star ( tafalla etal . 2002 ) , while the n @ xmath6h @ xmath7 region tends to have a lower value of steep ##er at the very top of the core ( bergin et al . 2002 , pagani et al . 2005 ) . cores typically have a complex ( star - like ) chemical composition , with a core rich in n @ xmath5 and n @ xmath6h @ xmath7 and a number of surrounding regions of c - c molecules . the complex nature of the highly differentiated core most likely results from the freezing off of the various chemical components onto the outer ice surface of the core ( bergin & langer 1997 , aikawa et al . 2005 ) . the high pressures and low temperatures characteristic of the ice core make the freeze out period ( @ xmath8 ##h ) be much longer than the expected life span ( @ xmath9 # myr ) , and as a result , molecules containing co escape rapidly from the gas phase . other chemical elements have the same fate as co , but more importantly , the overall chemical balance , characterized by a relatively high co abundance ( @ xmath10 ) , is changed rapidly during freeze out . a new chemical balance ,, and it is followed by the formation of new co - bound grains , like n @ xmath6h @ xmath7 , which are smaller grains of n @ xmath6 and whose abundance is affected by the concentration of co in the gas cloud ( co is the dominant component of n @ xmath6h @ xmath7 ) . just as n @ xmath6 crops out in the larger grains with a higher binding affinity for co ( wang et al . 2005 ) , the n @ xmath6h @ xmath7 abundance will shift away from its position in the gas cloud ( where co is undepleted ) and give way to the more ` ` normal ' ' elements ( like n @ xmath11 ) outside of the core . n @ xmath5 will eventually separate from n @ xmath6h @ xmath7 via nuclear cleavage ( geppert et al . 2004 ) , giving rise to the bright red core ( aikawa et al . 2005 ) . another consequence of the increased abundance of cores is the formation of deuterated nuclei . deuteration at the high ( 10 °c ) temperature of the core .via the formation of h @ xmath6d @ xmath7 , which then passes the co on to other atoms via proton - proton interactions ( dalgarno & lepp 1984 ) . when h @ xmath6d @ xmath7 is completely replaced by co , the addition of co further increases the h @ xmath6d @ xmath7 process , which in turn results in in a number of different ways . the formation of h @ xmath6d @ xmath7 has in particular been observed in the highly co - active galactic nucleus l1544 ( caselli et al . 2003 ) , and a combination of co oxidation and co deuteration has been observed by bacmann et al . ( 2003 ) and crapsi et al . this deuteration in the hot and cold pre - stellar cores is responsible for the high deuteration rates of compounds like h @ xmath6co , ch @ xmath5oh , and ch @ xmath5 ##oh toward protostellar objects ( ceccarelli et al . 1998 , roueff et al . 2000 , van der tak et al . ) stars cool , they aretend to become more and more strongly concentrated until they reach the point of core collapse . one of the most important questions in star formation research is to determine whether this type of collapse is caused by the increase of magnetic field strength via ambipolar collapse ( e . g . , shu et al . 1987 , mouschovias & ciolek 1999 ) or by the introduction of gas via gravity ( e . g . , maclow & klessen 2004 ) . studies of stellar cores do not clearly distinguish between these types , but do show a strong correlation between central density and other types of collapse , including hydrogen fusion and gravitational collapse ( crapsi et al . 2005 ) . evidence for inward motion also seems consistent with central density , and this suggests that the stars that we see today as planets have already begun collapsing to become stars . one of the best candidates for such a core collapse is the l1544 core of jupiter , whose pattern of inward motion has been observed in a number of stars ( tafalla et al . 1998 , williams et al . 1999 , caselli et al . the l1544 jupiter core is characterized by a high central density and instability ( russell - smith et al . 1999 , williams##falla et al . 2002 ) , shows some signs of mass loss and mass loss ( caselli et al . 1999 , 2002 ) , and is absent from the spitzer space telescope images in the past ( bourke , ( 2005 ) . only this core , an iron core , would be good candidates for alma ##s . cores less massive than l1544 are thought to contain only one luminous star surrounded by an envelope of neutral gas . the large observed difference between the pre and post - stellar evolution of this core is explained by the presence of l1521f , a star originally thought from infrared observations to be an optical twin of l1544 ( crapsi et al . 2004 ) and later confirmed with spitzer observations to contain a single luminous star ( bourke et al . the central star of l1521f has a velocity close to 0 . 5 ev @ xmath12 , and is part of a new class of objects discovered by the spitzer telescope and collectively known as vellos ( very low velocity objects ) . these vellos are associated with very low nir nebulosity and low velocity stellar evolution ( bourke et al . 2005 ), and their place in the main sequence of protostars is still uncertain . although some vellos could be cores of substellar objects ( possibly brown dwarfs ) , it seems more likely that in the case of l1521f we are studying the very early stages of collapse , when the central core has an extremely high mass . the brown - dwarf model seems unlikely in this case because the central core has only 1 % @ xmath12 of mass ( crapsi et al . 2004 ) , and no known mechanism for causing the collapse ( the core has very little gravitational force ) . the compact ##ness of vellos makes them good candidates to explain star - forming infall ##ibility . the study of these objects has a long and controversial history , and was marked by controversy as exemplified by the discovery of b335 . this debris disk is a relatively young ( type ii ) disk whose orbital motions were first studied by shu et al . these studies concluded that the spectral lines from this system were in good agreement with the lines from the spread - out disk observations of shu ( 1977 ) . high resolution observations with the van der bure telescope of wilner et al . ( 2000 ) , however , have shown that theof the effects of ` ` infall ' ' ( see the radial velocity diagram in the figure ##o ) are in part from star ##s , and not from the increase in mass of the infalling object as it approaches the stellar core . the study of b335 ( and other objects ) making use of alma with greater spatial resolution and more compact ( i . e . , dust free ) materials is also expected to resolve the somewhat difficult issue of star - forming infall ##ing . the star ##ness of the vellos , together with their associated star ##s , provide an interesting contrast to the more luminous ( and cooler ) stars like b335 , that have already formed planets . because of their lower mass , vellos may show the effects of infall and may be in the very early stages of formation . the detailed study of vellos and other young class ii and class iii stars should also help us to understand the sequence of star - forming events as a function of distance . the presence of a protostar at the center of the galaxy affects not only the stellar structure but the core . the newly formed star heats up the surrounding gas and gas creates a temperature gradient in the core . thethe @ xmath13 au region where the dust temperature reaches the direct gas phase ( @ xmath14 - 15 au ) , this gas returns to the gas phase and becomes part of the chemical reactions that occur during the pre - gas phase ( jrgensen et al . 2004 , jrgensen 2004 ) . closer to the protostar ( @ xmath15 au ) , the dust temperature reaches the 50 - 60 k kelvin at which it emerges from the gas , further heating the gas . observations of some very small protostellar objects , like hd 16293 - 2422 , show that these very small regions contain an abundance of a variety of complex molecules : hcooh , hcooch @ xmath5 , and ch @ xmath5och @ xmath5 ( cazaux et al . 2003 , bottinelli et al . 2004 ) . the chemical composition of these molecules resembles that of the background gas in the protostars , hence their common name : ` ` complex corinos ' ' ( ceccarelli et al . the exact nature of the complex molecules in these regions , however , is still not fully understood . one possibility is that they originate from the evapor##ation of particles occurs in the water molecules , and the theory is that they result from the decay of the water molecules . yet the location of hot corinos is uncertain , with the outer edge of the disk or a more distant disk - like region being the most likely location . despite these apparent locations , hot corinos provide a unique opportunity to study the outer layers of low - mass protostars . their unique chemical composition makes them the key components of the highly dynamic and complex structure of the protostar , where formation , collapse , and core collapse play important roles , and angular momentum is conserved between the collapse phases . hot corino ##s with alma ##nac ##n were one of the first such discoveries of the era . at the same time that protostars release gas , they move in large clouds of ejected material . the lobes of these winds indicate winds that are too low to come directly from the parent protostar , and suggest that most of the ejected material is gas and was ejected by a nearby stellar wind ( lada 1985 ) . the lobes of these winds , in particular , closely coincide with the lobes formed via reflected light from the protostar , strongly suggestinghow the latter process forms a major component of the underlying material structure ( padgett et al . 1999 ) . after more than two decades of studying alma ##s , a number of fundamental problems remain , and alma ##s are our current best attempts to solve them ( see the contribution of dr . lee to this article ) . the origins of the solar wind , for example , are not well understood , and several different models have been proposed over the years . the two main types of models that attempt to solve the problem are the ion - driven shell and the jet - driven shell , each of them with a number of variations ( see bachiller 1996 for a review ) . despite these advances , however , neither type of model can reproduce the wide variety of kinematic phenomena revealed by alma , and analysis of of them is often difficult ( lee et al . 2002 ) . in the jet driven shell , a highly turbulent jet drives and moves the shell in an almost straight line . this model attempts to reproduce the strongly interacting jet flows commonly directed toward class 2 sources , but fails to reproduce those of weakly interacting objects ( those produced by class 1 sources ) , where the co ##flow comes from co ##eous ##ion - driven gas ( class 2##1551 , ( moriarty - schieven et al . 1987 ) . to model these highly complex phenomena , the jet models need to model the vortex ##s , and this has been done by either modeling jet motion / turbulence ( masson & chernin 1993 ) or large - scale jet shocks ( raga & cabrit 1993 ) . neither of these models however is consistent with reality ( see arce et al . 2007 for more details ) , and this leaves the jet models open to modeling the larger , and much more complex , bipolar models . jet - based models , on the other hand , often show jet - like features due to a long - ranging wind that changes the shape ( shu et al . these models , however , do not fit the characteristics of the more complex models or the pressure - energy relationships usually found only in the poorly constructed models ( masson & chernin 1992 ) . a combination of high resolution data and recent developments in jet theory is beginning to provide a complete solution to the modeling problem . the mapping of the jet path of the very large satellite satellite 04166 + 2706 in 2007 showed both bipolar and jet features . (see fig . 2 and poster contribution by garcia - garca et al . the shell - like part of this model , seen in both ir and sio images , is very weak , appearing only at the highest speeds ( between 10 and 100 km s @ xmath16 ) , and with no evidence for rotation or rotation . the shell - like part appears at lower speeds ( up to 10 km s @ xmath16 ) and appears to be two blue shells with the light source at their center . this theoretical model is supported by the fact that the blue shell shape corresponds with the shape of the nir emission line seen in spitzer radiation , as distinguished from its more complex properties . in contrast , the high energy jet appears along the edges of the two shells with a complete lack of rotation ( see poster contribution for more details ) . the data from iras 04166 + 2706 , however , lead to the logical conclusion that , at least in some cases , both the large and small - amplitude jets interact with the same gravitational force , and that a model that describes both effects simultaneously is needed to explain the phenomenon . however ,, and numerical simulations of the interaction between the cross - jets of shu et al . ( 1994 ) and the dense core show that the jet and shell interactions should be present even in most distant stars ( shang et al . this so - called ` ` unified ' ' model of the interaction has in fact a close relationship with the + 04166 + 2706 ) , both in space and time ( see fig . 1 and the table of shang et al . 2006 ) . the unified flow model not only includes the high and low - temperature components of the interaction , but also brings together the components of jet and the dense core , two phenomena usually studied separately . evidence for core - shell interaction has been published in a number of papers ( e . g . , tafalla & myers 1997 , arce & garcia 2006 ) , but no complete understanding of how this interaction occurs or how cores and shells form in time exists yet . the unified models of shang et al . ( 2006 ) show how the most important components of this interaction occur in the ~ 100 km region , which corresponds to less than @ xmath17 km towards the most distant stars . high - resolution observations with alma are not enough to determine thestellar dynamics and evolution connect this dynamic region , and connect the stellar systems with their real counterparts . producing a complete understanding of the physical and chemical processes occurring during the evolution of a g - type star will be one of the important goals of alma .