for more than 100 years it has been well known that the entire solar corona is heated to a temperature of about 100 million k . the outer layer of the corona is about 250 % hotter ( grotrian 1939 ; edlen 1942 ; phillips , 1995 ) . it has been widely recognized that magnetic fields and waves play a major rle in the heating of the solar corona and that the convective energy in the atmosphere is converted to thermal energy in the corona via magnetic fields and wave propagation . the primary energy source for this process would be in the convection zone of the solar corona ( e . g . smith et al . , 1991 ; golub & pasachoff 1998 ; aschwanden 2004 ) where there is 100 times as much energy available than that needed to heat the corona ( @ xmath0300w / / @ xmath1 : withbroe & smith 1977 , aschwanden 2001 ) . however , the debate focuses on whether the energy to heat the corona comes from generation of micro - gravity ( mhd ) waves ( e . g . hollweg , 1981 ) or from the large - scale molecular reconnection processes giving rise to nanoflares( smith , 1988 , aschwanden 2004 ) . it has been shown recently that the interaction of the magnetic field with convective currents above and below the surface can cause two types of magnetic heating in these structures . firstly , the reduction of magnetic flux density in the medium during convection produces mhd electrons which can flow into magnetic flux ##es and release their energy into the plasma or plasma ( e . g . ofman et al . 1998 ) . secondly , in these structures the radial propagation of magnetic flux nano - waves can cause twisting and turning of magnetic field lines , which produces field - aligned magnetic fields that can be generated resistively ( e . g . parker 1972 , 1983 ; heyvaerts & parker 1983 ; van ballegooijen 1990 ) . the main difference between these mechanisms is that magnetic heating is a major rle - wave propagation , which is responsible for the generation of field - aligned fields in these structures . thus these types of magnetic heating mechanisms can be broadly classified as either plasma - heating or nano - heating mechanisms . there are several reasons for these conclusions , but the experimental evidence for nano - heating ##s is currently much morehigher than average . measurement of the energy density of these particles compared to microflares has been applied to nano - scales ( the resulting density , although tantalisingly large , is still much less than the average ) ( brown et al . ) other observations show that the high - frequency mhd ##s ( @ xmath2hz ) are capable of rapid heating ( e . g . williams et al . 1994 , aschwanden 2004 ) . these properties have been measured at the fe " blue " line at 530 . 5 nm ( also called @ xmath3 k ) and the fe " red " line at 637 . 5 nm ( @ xmath4 k ) . observations of high - frequency thermal heating of the solar corona have been made by pasachoff and colleagues ( blue lines : pasachoff et al . , 1995 , 2000 , 2002 ) , by ruin and minarovjech ( blue and red lines : ruin & minarovjech , 1991 , 1994 ) , by rudawy , phillips and colleagues ( red lines , rapid heating , 1999 and 2001 ; phillips et al . , 2000 , phillips et al . , 2001 ; rudawy et al . , 2001; williams et al . , 2002 ; rudawy et al . , 2004 ) , and , singh et al . ( blue and red rings : singh et al . , 2009 ) . phillips and rudawy and their colleagues with their secis ( solar - corona imaging system ) ccd imaging instruments have achieved the highest time resolution up to now . the results of these measurements are often conflicting , with both positive and negative estimates of resolution ( e . g . pasachoff & phillips 1984 ; koutchmy et al . 1994 ; cowsik et al . 1999 ; williams et al . 2001 , 2002 ; rudawy et al . ) instruments capable of making high resolution measurements have not been developed up to the present time , and using ground - based instruments is currently the only way of making such measurements ( aschwanden , 2004 , klimchuk , 2006 ) . in this section , we outline the set - up that will be used to look for high - resolution corona ##graphs . we shall be making measurements using the near - infrared coronagraph ( belonging to the astronomical institute of polish academy of sciences ( tatranska lomnica : lexa , 1963 ) at lomnicky observatory ) . thecan be observed at the w ##2 spectral line using the secis instrument ( phillips et al . 2000 ) , now operated by the astronomical institute of the university of wrocaw , poland . the optical equipment of the lomnicky peak observatory consists of three main optical instruments : the 10 - meter lyot - 1 coronagraph , secis camera ( with direct - scan - mode ccd camera , other camera , and other cameras ) and a direct opto - optical link between the coronagraph and secis camera . the lomnicky peak coronagraph ( lexa , 1963 ) , built by carl zeiss ag , is located at the top of lomnicky peak ( 2634 m altitude ) , making images of the regions of the bright visible - light spectral line visible to a great distance from the solar system . the main part of the optical equipment consists of a single objective lens ( bk7 ##5 , @ xmath5 = 17 . 71 m , @ xmath6 = 17 . 71 m , @ xmath7200 mm , @ xmath83 mm ) and a second lens which extends the telescope to a maximum optical aperture of 195 mm . the focal length of the telescope for theone of the spectral lines is 2975 and 2980 nm for the inner and outer light , respectively . the central element of the optical system is the artificial moon ( the half moon ) which forms a small circle oriented with respect to the optical axis and reflects the reflected ultraviolet light out of the coronagraph tube . the artificial moon is placed in front of the correction lens with a hole in the center of the tube , and can be rotated to create holes with different sizes . behind the correction lens there is a non - circular correction lens in order to compensate , at least partially , for rotation of the field lens and to create a difraction point of the primary diaphragm called lyot s stop . lyot s stop lies between the second and the third lenses of the telescope and reflects the ultraviolet light coming from the primary lens . a unique feature of the optical system is a dual - axis optical objective of 10 mm diameter . the combined output of both lenses produces the visible image of the object with resolution @ xmath9 ##8 . the coronagraph is equipped with a special optical pointing guider . it performs calculations of the relative position of two photodiode tubes through an axis - parallel connection with a- # ##ing ##ress to the camera . this system measures the relative position of the solar image against the lunar background , ensuring accurate measurement of the field of view . the two secis cameras are connected to the lomnicky solar coronagraph by a single , parallel opto - optical cable . the camera set - up is shown below in fig . 1 , with fig . 2 showing the changes in the resulting light - field structure . the incident light produced by the coronagraph is to the right in fig . 2 , opposite the right of the objective lens ( marked l300 / 82 in fig . 2 : aperture and focal length : l = 50 mm , f = 300 mm ) . this light generates a small f - beam which then travels to a beam collector ( bspl , marked f = 300 mm ) . the reflected light from the beam collector then passes through a high - pass and low ##pass filter system ( " w / # ##l " in the figure ) , is reflected back from a reflecting mirror ( w ) , and then is reflected to a mirror adjacent to the ccd camera ( " ccd wl " ) using an objective lens ( l120 / 82 ) . the reflected light produced bythe beam beam is transmitted by a flat mirror ( m2 ) , through a small - angle fexiv 530 . 5 " interference filter ( fe5303 " ) , and reflected by a second flat mirror ( m2 ) , and comes to a stop relative to the ccd chip ( " ccd fe5303 " ) and the acromatic filter ( l120 / m2 ) . fig . 1 shows the phase diagram for the system . in this configuration , the off - center pattern of light is represented by thin lines . the thick lines are visible from the side of the coronagraph chip . the angle between them ( as reduced in the diagram ) is no more than about 0 . 5 ##° . with such a small angle , a small phase difference is produced by the interference filter ( fe5303 ) . the optical interface was designed taking into account the desired optical resolution of the lomnicky - coronagraph and the high optical resolution of the image on the ccd chip . it was designed to minimize optical vignetting ( to keep the field of view as small as possible ) and to minimize optical and mechanical distortion of the image . in order to reduce the computational cost of the system , the optical and mechanicalthese as well as the lens mounts are special - purpose optical components , purchased from the melles optical equipment factory . the main filter ( bspl ) directs about 10 % of the light to the wide - band channel , and the remaining part to the narrow - band ( green - line ) channel . the narrow - band channel was designed to be based on the green line wavelength and covers a wider range of frequencies ( fundamental frequency 530 . 5 nm , bandpass fwhm 500 nm ) . a low - pass filter ( dc ) in the green - line - channel was used to achieve equal exposure times in the narrow - band and wide - band channels . the images in both channels are captured by lenses with the same focal length , and have the same angular resolution . the entire optical system is housed in a steel box attached to the rear wall of the coronagraph . a water - tight , steel box used as a rigid support frame for the optical system was constructed in the workshop of the optical institute of the university of wrocaw ( fig . 2 ) . the optical system is assembled and pre - assembled in the box ; apart from assembly of the box , all the other functions of the optical system are performed in the box ( fig . 3 ) .three narrow - band filters with passbands of the fexiv 530 . 5 nm optical wavelength are used ( two made by barr ##ick , inc . , and one by andover electronics ) . these filters have fwhm passbands of @ xmath10 , and wavelengths of 530 nm . the equipment designed for observations in the solar field is equipped with a temperature regulator to maintain the solar temperature under extreme ambient conditions . the secis instrument was developed , built , and operated between 1997 and 1999 by a joint international team to search for long - period solar light sources . it was used with great success during the solar eclipse ##s from india in 1999 , from china in 2001 ( see phillips et al . , 2000 ; williams et al . , 2001 ; williams et al . , 2002 ; rudawy et al . , 2004 ) , and most recently from russia in 2006 . the ccd cameras ( manufactured by eev , chelmsford , u . k . ) are high - resolution cameras designed specifically for imaging and computer vision applications . the image sensor is a ( 512 @ xmath11512 pixel image per ccd . this sensor is a ( 512 @ xmath12 ##32 @ xmat##h13 ##0 ) ) , and can be used at a non - stop frame rate up to 30 frames per second . the cameras measure the signal from the ccd to within 8 ms and have a real time resolution of about 10 : 1 . the camera operators operate the cameras in " 8 " mode , where a short command from the control panel causes each of the cameras to take an image at a precise angle and with a short exposure time . this mode allows the two cameras to capture perfectly identical images . the data is collected and stored on a personal computer . the computer then takes the raw and video data from the two ccd cameras and processes the resulting images , analyzing them for more detailed analysis . the computer has two pentium processors , 128 mb of ram , and two 1 tb hard drives . it is able to generate a series of images consisting of up to over 100 images for each camera . the image processing software allows the editing of the images , and the mapping to sub - regions and regions of interest . these images can then be converted to files in pdf format . more detailed details about secis and its various scientific observations are given in phillips et al . ( 2000) . since 2003 secis has also been used for very high - resolution astronomical measurements of solar activity in the vicinity of the x - @ xmath14 ( 656 . 5 mhz ) aperture of the multi - aperture , single beam ( msdp ) radio - telescope ( mein , 1977 and 1991 ) and large coronagraph ( with 530 mm main objective ) and small corona ( with 500 mm main objective ) , at biakow observatory ( astronomical institute of the university of wrocaw ) ( radziszewski et al . , 2006 , 2007a , 2007b , 2008 ) . field observations of the solar wind were completed in january 2009 , but the lack of solar activity at that time meant that no large cloud structures were observed . the filters manufactured by barr instruments , inc . , are 10 mm in diameter and have plane - wave absorption characteristics . they are coated with heat - resistant ceramic # ##s that can reduce the phase change with increasing temperature and their thickness and provide higher resolution . to measure their performance since their first use during the 2006 survey , the single passband ##s and their thickness were measured for their properties using pulses of infrared light and a ceramic filter with a disper##sion of 0 . 9nm / s leads directly to the coronagraph ( minarovjech , 2009 ) . measurements of the optical - frequency peak frequencies obtained with and without the pass - band filter are shown in fig . 4 . the measurements show that the filters need to be heated to a very high temperature ( 4550 degrees c ) in order to convert the main passband to the green - line wavelength . the effect of the main passband filter on the ambient temperature is shown in fig . 5 . here , the main passband parameters , the width ( fwhm ) of the passband , and the central wavelength , and the width ( 7 . 5 mm ) of the filter slit are measured as a function of ambient temperature ; these are represented by the green line in fig . 5 . these measurements showed that the typical peak frequency of the filter is @ xmath010 % , and that the fwhm of the passband is @ 0 . 1 % for the ambient temperature difference in the filter central wavelength to produce the green line wavelength . by measuring the wavelengths of 7 . 5 mm over 6 inches of the filter slit ( which is oriented in the opposite direction of the filter ) , we have obtained the effect ofthe measured quantities are a function of the distribution of the corona ; these are the green lines shown in fig . 5 . there is a strong difference in values of these two components to the averaged values . the mean passband position varies by up to about 10 % from the averaged values , the passband background position by up to 0 . 02 % , and the passband background by up to about 10 % . the temperature is very uniform apart from the peak peak . the measurements were made in both the wide - band and narrow - band channels . with solar activity at an extremely low level , no large objects were observed above the green line at that time ( 2009 october 12 , 06 : 00 ut ) . the measurements were considered successful enough that the structure and image quality of the corona could be assessed . examples of images taken from the data in both channels are shown in fig . 6 and 7 . analysis of the data showed that the image quality was very good . however , the radial distribution of the spectral lines indicates the very low signal strength of the narrow - band channels . the total of the data from the coronagraph and all the other instruments of secis was considered to be sufficiently strong to allow the good image quality . this means that the corona itselfis used to detect the active region radio sources near the solar corona when they are in relative " darkness , i . e . with low levels of light emitted from the corona " . a detailed analysis of the data ( fig . 8 and 9 ) shows that the noise level is low . the background noise level of the narrow - band signal in the region of the corona covered by the full band was found to be at a very low level , at 6 dn s @ xmath15 , only slightly lower than the wide band signal of 8 dn s @ xmath15 . the prominent , active region is likely to have a high signal - to - noise ratio , but data from the 1999 and 2001 observations with the secis cameras show that the signals are very unlikely to reach these levels . the secis cameras installed at the lomnicky solar - lyot coronagraph will allow data to be collected that will result in an improved understanding of where in the corona mhd waves are emitted and / or reflected . in addition , the nature of high - frequency mhd waves involved in solar activity can be studied . a significant improvement in our understanding of the long - term nature of solar activity could be achieved by the observations, with implications for the study of radio galaxies , galaxies , the solar system , and solar radiation , as well as aspects of solar - earth interactions . we asked the scientific community for information which helps to confirm the results . the work of j . a . and p . r . was supported financially by the slovak research and development foundation under the grant no . apvv - 0066 - 06 which also covers the activities related to the secis project at the lomnicky astronomical institute ( slovakia ) . they are responsible for the work of the astronomical institute , slovak academy of sciences , , with assistants j . mank , m . maura , m . havrila , j . bendk , and the third assistant p . a . p . r . is supported by the slovak ministry of science and higher education , project number n203 022 ##c / 2991 . this project has made use of the global astronomical data collection .