the technique measures the energy levels of non - excited electrons when they are interacting with atoms @ xcite ( ) . it is also used in solid state physics and chemistry for studying the electronic structure of surface , molecular and solid materials @ xcite . recently it has become a popular type of technique for studying strongly interacting electronic systems @ xcite , such as high temperature superconductors @ xcite . the development of new light sources and lasers , along with the new generation of laser energy analyzer , has allowed a significant increase in the energy resolution of the technique in the last decade ; an energy resolution of @ xmath0 5mev or higher can now be easily achieved . these measurements have made it possible to study the behavior of many and many - body systems @ xcite . for example , measurements of the superconducting state on the order of 10 mev , both in conventional superconductors @ xcite and in conventional high temperature superconductors @ xcite , have been made . on the other hand , the development of other light sources , such as electromagnetic radiation and semiconductor ##s , has also brought about understanding of the gravitational wave phenomenon @ xcite . when a large number of photonwhen released from a short laser pulse and enter the sample area , the electrons will first have a different energy distribution depending on their kinetic energy . then , because of the mutual attraction , the fast electrons tend to be pushed by the electrons behind them while the slow electrons tend to be pushed by those behind electrons . this energy distribution can alter the spatial information present in the received signal , giving rise to two types of effects . one is a de ##ization of the energy distribution , due to the acceleration and retardation of electrons in their path . the other is a phase change in the signal . the space charge effect of the energy distribution has been considered for a long time as a limiting effect in imaging monochromators and other electron beam devices @ xcite , but it has not been observed in practice until more recently @ xcite . the main question there is whether such an effect would achieve the ultimate goal of significantly improving the computational efficiency of the imaging device @ xcite . here we make the first experimental observation of the space charge effect in practice . in fact , by combining experimental data with computer simulations , we find that the space charges ( also known as image charges in the image ) in the imagethey play an important role in the energy shift and resolution . the combined effect of these coulomb interactions gives an energy shift and resolution on the order of 1 mev for a typical third - generation infrared light source , which is roughly equal or greater than the energy shift provided by the light source and the beam ##line . the resolution is roughly comparable to the many - body physics currently studied by electron beam experiments . these effects , therefore , should be taken seriously in interpreting the results and in the next generation experiments . the experiment was carried out using beamline no . 1 . 0 , the infrared light source . this is a third - generation light source which generates infrared light with a frequency of 10 hz and a resolution of @ xmath060 ##0 . the beamline will generate spin - stabilized near infrared light with a photon energy on the order of 1 @ xmath1 ps / h with a photon power e / @ xmath2e of 10 , 000 ( e is the photon energy and @ xmath2e the beamline energy level ) . the endstation is equipped with a high performance scienta 2002 chamber . the chamber , along with the chamber , contains rot##atable with respect to the beam . the sample position is fixed . the sample position is shown as the sample position of fig . 2 . there are two ways to measure the number of electrons in the sample with respect to the beam angle : rotation angle @ xmath3 and the rotation angle @ xmath4 . we use the sample current to directly measure the number of electrons emitted from the sample which is proportional to the photon flux . with the pulse frequency of 500mhz in the sample , the value of the sample current corresponds to 1 . 5 electrons per pulse . 2a . a typical absorption spectrum of pure gold , with a photon flux of 20 ev . it consists of a sharp edge of ( e @ xmath5 ) e @ xmath030 ##ev , a band of e @ xmath030ev and a short sharp edge due to the photon flux resulting from the electron scattering . we chose to measure the tail because the short sharp edge for all energies ( @ xmath020 ##ev for all the electrons in the sample ) is a good indicator of both the energy level and frequency ( ) . the sharp edge is proportional to the z - dir##ac ##h , _ _ _ ( x ) = 0 / @ xmath6 , at room temperature , with a function with a peak - width - to - width - mean ( fwhm ) @ xmath7 . this function @ xmath7 includes all the parameters from spectral resolution , spatial resolution , beamline , and others . in laboratory studies , it is a common procedure to use the surface of a metal ( such as gold ) as the standard reference surface for the sample under study because the energy levels are expected to match up with each other when the metal and the sample are in direct atomic contact . the energy level of the metal is therefore assumed to be dependent only on the photon energy and not on other experimental parameters , such as room temperature , photon energy etc . it was also made obvious when we first found out that the metal leading it changed color with increasing photon energy ( fig . 1 ) analysis shows that , under different experimental conditions , the energy level changes significantly with the incident light and the value can be as high as @ xmath020mev in the photon energy being measured ( fig . ) that the energy level shift is higher with increasingphoton flux . this rules out the possibility of local heating that usually occurs due to the electrical properties of the sample . in that case , the energy level position would be mixed up with the photon flux . we can also rule out the possibility of the local local heating due to high photon flux because it only increases the fermi level energy and does not affect the energy position position . as we see , for a photon flux of @ xmath010 @ xmath8 m / s with a time delay of 10 ms , the peak energy is @ xmath00 . 056 mw . the energy change with such a high energy , even over an area of 1 m² @ xmath9 , is small . it probably has no effect on the electrical properties of the beam ##line . the simplest way to determine exactly whether this energy level change with photon flux is due to mechanical forces , which could come from either the beamline or the beam ##line . at the beamline , the photon flux is often adjusted by adjusting the size of the beamline area . this can change the beamline energy level , which can then also cause energy position changes . to see whether this is the case , we use the photon flux##er ##odes the beamline ( fig . 2 ) indicates that we can measure the photon flux by keeping the photon energy and frequency constant . for the photon energy , we observe a linear relationship of the energy level with photon energy ( fig . 3a ) , thus ruling out the possibility of beamline interference . we can use the electron detector ( fig . 4 ) to measure the number of electrons emitted by the sample . when the photon energy entering the sample is increased , the energy level undergoes a change with the number of electrons leaving the sample ( fig . this indicates that the energy shift we have observed is closely related to that of the electron detector ) . therefore , the photon energy shift cannot be confused with the measurement process itself . in addition to the electron energy shift , there is also an energy widening effect with the photon flux . to induce such an effect , we need to measure the beamline energy shift in the sense that it takes a relatively low photon flux to induce the energy widening effect , and a relatively high photon flux ( @ xmath010mev ) in order to remove the quantum noise from causing the effects . the latter is only possible by taking the time of the photon flux to measure theseen from the beamline . the spot size increases with the photon flux ( example of fig . 4 ) . considering the data of the simulated photon flux ##es , from observing the light sources on the beamline , the intensity and the energy shift , the light - induced energy shift can be obtained by deconvolution . as seen from fig . 5 , it increases with the photon flux with a slope equal to or slightly greater than the temperature gradient . we have shown that the resulting energy shift and intensity are proportional to the spot size of the light in the sample ( ) . the spot size is determined by changing the horizontal slope of the beamline ; the total beamsize is therefore . it is obtained from the propagation direction of the beam , or by observing samples with different intensity . as seen from fig . 5a , as the spot size increases , the energy shift becomes more sensitive to the amount of photon flux , as is seen from the sample , as a function of the spot size ( fig . 5 ) . for example , fig ##b shows the observed data from a wide range of spot sizes . although the data of energy shift ( fig . 5b ) was obtained as a result of deconvolution from thefor low background values , the trend is such that the curve gets larger with increasing spot size . however , for a given spot size , the direction of the observed broadening is equal to or slightly larger than the observed edge shift . the observed edge shift and width are also related to the electron tilt angle . we compare the observed curves with different tilt angles and measure the energy level position and width as a function of the tilt angle and the photon flux . as shown in fig . 2 , the energy level position has a strong correlation with the analyzer angle , especially with the photon flux . the fermi level is higher at the tilt angle and lower with the tilt angle . when the tilt angle is equal to the ##° , the curves with different electron tilt angles and with different spot sizes tend to converge to a maximum value of the standard deviation . the resulting measured energy level position also affects the direction of the energy level : it gets smaller with the tilt angle . we also note that the curves are not symmetrical with respect to the measured tilt angle . since the surface of the sample material we observed is not exactly spherical , a possible explanation is that the tilt angle may be slightly different from the background value . thethis is the result of a large systematic error . as seen from fig . 8 , when the sample current is small ( 1 ev ) , one can easily associate the energy shift with the reference angle which may be due to the systematic error associated with the experimental data . to gain more information about the phase shift , we can consider the energy shift and phase as a function of the sample current and the reference angle ( fig . 8a and b ) . it is important to note that , while for small reference angles , the energy shift is proportional to the sample current , as we have mentioned above , it differs significantly from the real case for large angles . in this case , the energy shift is # ##ity , at zero sample current . when the sample current is larger , it goes through a decrease , and then becomes larger again , with an increase of the sample current . one would expect that at zero sample current the energy shifts are small and that the phase should converge to the zero sample current , as indeed shown in the figure in question . ( the large fermi level shift at zero sample current may be due to the systematic error as shown above ) . this implies that , for large reference angles , the energy shift may be much larger for small1 current . replacing the high sample current part of the curves in fig . 8a and b with a straight line , we took their shapes and compared them in fig . 8c for slightly different tilt angles . the shape of the curves is similar to that of a . the high sample current part agrees with the curve . when applied to a ##° the energy level value is approximately 90 which is also consistent with the value of the energy level at the tilt angle as shown in fig . 8 . to further understand the effect of the temperature - dependent energy range and shape , we analyzed the s - curve . different tilt angles ( viz . the ) of these curves are proportional to the electron density and they are correlated with each other . the shape of the gold bands has an inverse correlation with the tilt angle , but their relative intensity varies dramatically . for a direct comparison , we calculate the atomic mass over a large energy range ( 25 @ xmath035 ##0 ) and the shape as shown in the figure of fig . 8 . averaging over a small energy range such as 25 @ xmath035 yields exactly the same shape . we also found that the largest component of the relative gold band .and the energy phase ( ) . ( example of ) . this shows that the frequency dependence of the energy distribution is directly related to the time - dependence of the number of field - induced pulses . it is known that the space charge effect depends on a number of parameters @ xcite : ( 1 ) . the number of electrons per pulse ; ( 2 ) . the pulse length ; ( 3 ) . the size and shape of the continuous wave ; and ( 4 ) . the energy distribution of the pulse . we have done several simulations using the monte carlo - based method described in @ xcite in order to further understand our model . this helps first to determine whether the pulse phase change and decay can be directly attributed to the space charge effect . it also helps to understand the physical processes associated with it , such as the time evolution of the pulse . second , it can be used to study processes that are difficult or not suitable for the simulation , such as the effect of the pulse energy distribution , the effect of the pulse length , and the effect of the continuous wave , which we can see here . in the simulation , a random number of electrons ( 1 - 4 ) ( determined by the quantum number ) is selected at random , andthe beam source states , at different times during the experiment , and with time , with a probability distribution . because the acceptance angle of the reference beam source is zero , the electrons for which the energy spread and energy spread to be calculated ( known as test electrons . ) are moving in the same direction with a similar starting energy but with a different difference in initial position and energy . this also applies to the experimental geometry of the acceptance angle @ xmath4 = 0 and the corresponding tilt angle @ xmath3 = 0 . each test electron is assumed to experience the interaction energy from the interaction electrons beyond the cut - off distance . the interaction electrons are assumed to move in straight lines determined by their initial position , i . e . , the interactions between them are zero . this is necessary because their energy spread are very small and random . the energy spread of a single interaction electron is calculated until all the electrons have moved beyond the cut - off distance . then , the process is repeated with a new pair of interaction electrons and a single test electron . this process is repeated a few more times , after which the energy spread of the test electron is calculated . for the accuracy of the measurement to be of the desired order of magnitude , the measurement ., the cut - off distance has to be at least 1 mm , and for practical purposes it is chosen to be 2 mm . the pulse distribution can also be easily calculated on a computer , although the number of electrons which experience very strong interactions is much larger than for the pulse distribution . the kinetic ##ities are useful when considering the dynamics of the pulse . the electrons in the pulse will experience an interaction from all the primary electrons at all times , including the large number of low - energy secondary electrons ( ) . to show the effect of the pulse energy shift on the electrons at the plasma surface , we divided the energy range of e @ xmath5 into a number of regions , and calculated the slope from each individual region . the simulated energy shift and slope from the free space pulse distribution are shown in fig . 10a and 10b , respectively . the energy shift shows a nearly linear relation with the number of electrons in the region and the slope as a function of the quantum number ##s is shown in fig . 10 . on the other hand , the energy shift shows a nearly linear relationship only at large number of electrons ; at small number of electrons it shows no slope . all the electrons contribute to the low - energyand and , because they behave differently : the high - energy electrons weigh more than the low - energy electrons ( etc . ) therefore , an electron at a distance _ z _ in front of the entire sample surface will always experience an attractive force _ ( z ) = - 1 @ xmath9 @ xmath10 ( 2z ) @ xmath9 , similar to that caused by a single ( mirror charge ) electron at a distance _ z _ in the metal @ xcite . the basic idea behind the mirror charge model is that the electrons on the sample surface interact themselves in such a way that the sample is not an equipotential surface . whether this assumption is true on the large scale described above may be dependent , e . g . , on the properties of the sample . in this model , the test electron is accompanied by a mirror charge in the metal ( as of fig . 12a ) , which always interact with the test electron . the interaction of the test electron with its own mirror charge is not discussed , because it is always negative . in the mirror model @ xcite , the mirror charge could be negative when only for the interaction caused by the electron with energy equal to that of the test electron. for the case when the test electron has higher energy than all interaction electrons , this is no longer true , in cases when the energy effects are not present . fig . 12a and 12b show the energy shift and decay for both energy ranges , including both the space and mirror charge effects . the energy shift has a linear relationship with the number of test electrons per pulse and the effect is shown in red . the effect from the mirror charge effect can be clearly seen . increasing the space charge gives rise to a negative energy shift with the number of electrons per pulse . this results in only the positive energy shift from the mirror charge effect . the combined effect of the energy shift is more complex . for the higher energy range of the test electrons ( 20 - 30 % ) , the decay effect ( fig . 12b ) is larger than that from the mirror charge effect , ( ) . . for the lower energy range of the interaction electrons , it is smaller than that from the mirror charge effect . we have shown that the energy shift and decay occur on very short time scales . as seen from fig . 12 , the energy shift occurs immediately after the first pulse . the energy shift , on the other hand , has already reached .the increase at 100 % , caused very small effects . this is because the energy change takes place only after the electrons have spatial distributed themselves according to their energy ; so that the electrons are all moving in the same direction . we also note that both the excited state and the associated charge have a very weak field , from which the energy changes only with time . the effect , on the other hand , is much more of a nearest - neighbor effect , which is seen when the medium is cold . the analysis of the energy change for the electrons shows that the large part of the energy change is probably caused by a single pulse , i . e . , a single interaction with another electron . since the energy change seems to occur over a period that is equal to the interval between pulses , we have not seen whether it can be explained by counting the electrons from the same pulse : we have seen that this contribution is almost insignificant . since a time - varying light source , such as fluorescent light , is often used as a light source for photoemission , it is difficult to know whether these effects will occur for that source . for a fluorescent light source , because there will be a spatial distribution of the electrons according to their energy , we can see the contribution to the energyand from the space charge to be equal to 1 , and the mirror charge to cause a ripple effect . the effect can be shown to be of the same order of magnitude as that from a pulsed source with the same number of electrons per unit time . to simulate a continuous source , we can start with a single source , increase the pulse length while keeping the number of electrons per unit time constant , and then to switch to multiple pulses to simulate a continuous source . we have used a single pulse of type i radiation ( peak energy 0 . 12ev ) between two samples , and varied the sample current during the pulse from 0 . 5 to 2 ev / s . this affects the energy shift and effect for different pulse lengths as a function of the pulse length . when multiplied by the sample current , the energy shifts will agree with each other because the effect is equal to the effect for different pulse lengths ( ) . the energy shift has non - monotonic ##ity with the pulse length , due to the interaction between the two space charges and mirror charges . when the pulse length is short , the space charge dominates which causes an energy shift . when the pulse length is long enough , the current from mirror charges dominates which leads to a negative energy shift . theit then is the minimum that can be achieved for the continuous source . the shift is - 0 . 7mev for 1 . 5 @ xmath11 @ xmath1 electrons / second and can be larger when the photon flux is large . the energy shift ( fig . 14b ) , on the other hand , does not vary with the sample current , even for large pulse lengths . it also has a non - linear relationship with the pulse length , reaching a maximum at 1 @ xmath12 ##10 and then decreasing with the increases of the pulse length . if we assume an empirical version of the model , the shift for the continuous source is equal to 1 mev for a sample current of 1 . 5 @ xmath1310 @ xmath1 electrons / second . as we have seen from both the experimental data and the model , the energy increase and decrease depend on many factors , such as the number of electrons per pulse , the pulse length , the electric charge of the sample , the scattering energy of light and the photon flux density . however , it is time - dependent . this occurs mainly because it depends on the size of the absorption band , i . e , the energy band of2 . seocnd , for metals and alloys , the distribution of space charges can vary greatly . with so many variables coming into play here , it is difficult to exhaust all the information and the best approach to analysis is to observe and experiment on an experimental basis . as shown in fig . 4 and 5 , the overall energy shift is proportional to the sample current and the broadening is approximately minimum at higher sample current and has a maximum at lower sample current . generally speaking , the results are consistent with the measured contribution from either the space charge effect ( fig . 5 ) or the space and time charge effect ( fig . 6 ) . after measuring the contribution for each individual energy range from the space charge effect ( fig . 4 ) , we calculated the overall energy shift from the individual energy range ( fig . 2a ) as a weighted average of the contributions from the individual energy ranges . we then used a model where the energy shift is represented by a square shape corresponding to the central band and a rectangular shape of the individual bands ; the experimental results are identical . it was found that the value for the energy shift obtained from the space charge effect model is much higher than that obtained from experiment . for example , for the free electronof 0 . 43mm @ xmath130 . 5 nm , the calculated energy shift is 0 . 05 mev / na , much lower than the measured 0 . 055 mev / na . the temperature difference indicates that the space charge effect alone does not account for the measured energy shift . this helps us in considering the space charge effects that should be considered for materials such as gold . by considering these effects ( fig . 5 ) , the calculated energy shift is more consistent with the measurements , as shown in fig . 6 , for different spot sizes . considering that there are no significant errors in the measurement , this level of accuracy is high . this means that we have identified the major contributor to the energy shift observed . the correct interpretation of the measurements and the results has seen us able to identify the space charge effect that was not observed in @ xcite . for the size effect ( fig . 7 ) , we note that the size of the spot on the screen relative to the distance the electron travelled during the experiment is different . depending on the spot size , the space charge effect will have a dependence on the spot size . if the moving distance is much larger than the relative travelling distance ( for an excited electron , the travelling distance of @ xmat##h00 . 1 ) . ( us ) , the shape of the electron distribution is relatively simple . the total charge density is assumed to be proportional to the number of spots / electrons . when the spot size is larger , we may notice some interesting statistical effects , because electrons that stay in the spot will not be affected by electrons moving from the spot . in the case where the spot is very small , the spatial distribution of electrons forms a half - circle . the average distance between electrons may be determined by their distance , rather than by the distance between the spots where they meet . thus in that case , the effect may be independent of the spot size . on the other hand , there are cases where the effect differs from measurements . we note that the statistical effect is larger than the shift observed from the simulation . as shown in fig . 3 , from the simulation , the effect is smaller than the shift whereas from the measurements ( fig . 4 and 5 ) , the effect is equal or even larger than the shift . the reason for this difference is not known , and therefore more sophisticated methods are needed to solve the problem . we note the effect may be larger than the shift when the mass of the emitted electrons is equal to that ofthe extra energy ( energy = 1 @ xmath030 ##0 , fig . 12b ) which is mainly due to the higher average residence time . however , in the case of gold , because the number of electrons in the sample corresponding to the energy level is very small ( fig . 2a ) , this effect is irrelevant to the overall effect . the linear component of the energy shift ( fig . 3 ) can be directly attributed to this - the number of electrons at different emission angles ( fig . 4 ) which is also consistent with the relative intensity of the incident light . however , to understand the observed energy shift for higher emission angles and lower emission energies , additional information is still required . the study of energy and time dependent changes has important implications for future applications as well as the further development of the technique . these implications often call for particular difficulties in interpreting the spectra . another important issue is the electron level used in atomic spectroscopy . in atomic spectroscopy it is a routine procedure to use the electron level of a metal as a reference . this is usually realized by comparing the electron level from a metal ( such as gold ) which is positively charged to the metal under study . it is assumed that the electronthe level of the sample is lined up with that of the metal , so the measured energy level has an offset from the space and time energy distribution . this offset can be different between the sample and the metal because it is not only time - dependent , but also dependent on many other factors . when the magnitude of the energy difference is large , using the energy level from the sample as a reference becomes unreliable . a major problem is the energy level instability during measurements . because the electron density naturally changes with time for most semiconductor light sources due to the short life - span of electrons in the storage ring , the energy level is naturally changing with time during measurements . as we have mentioned above , this can give rise to an energy level instability on the order of 1 mev for a typical laboratory experiment using a first - generation semiconductor light source . this is equal or lower than the energy levels which are commonly used for many - body calculations in the condensed matter physics @ xcite . measurement with an absolute precision of 1 mev is possible , for example , when the superconducting state in some transition metals as well as in some high temperature superconductors is on the order of 1 mev @ xcite . since thishowever , the amount of energy on the order of 1 mev still remains a significant problem . to solve the energy level shift problem , one can directly measure the space charge effect by increasing the photon flux , thereby increasing the sample size . however this is not possible , especially when a large photon flux is required to make measurements with a low resolution and a high resolution . given that the energy level shift to the reference is no longer necessary , one can create an internal reference from the reference for measurement . this internal reference can be derived from _ priori _ knowledge not associated with the space charge effect . for example , for high temperature cuprate samples , the ( 0 , 0 ) to ( @ xmath14 , @ xmath14 ) nodal direction can be used as an internal reference to determine the energy level because it has been shown that the superconducting current and pseudogap are aligned in this direction even for slightly larger samples @ xcite . as for the energy level shift with temperature , since the temperature change exhibits a linear relationship with the photon flux , it is possible to make corrections by recording the reference current and photon flux . however , this error cannot be corrected if the reference current source changes .and a constant or near - constant photon flux ( " - v " ) resolution . in addition to the atomic energy resolution , the energy resolution is another important parameter for the detection technique . since the electronic properties of atoms are dictated by their structure within the energy resolution of @ xmath0k @ xmath15 t at the atomic level ( k @ xmath15 is the boltzman ##n and is a constant ) , to determine the correct electronic structure , the energy resolution needs to be equal or higher than k @ xmath15 t , which is 1 . 8 mev for 100 atoms . therefore , there is a strong theoretical need to adapt the detection technique to a higher energy resolution ( 10 - mev ) , characterized by high photon flux and small beam size . the space and mirror charge effects should be taken into account , for the future applications of both light sources and electron beam detectors . the high photon flux and small beam size will reduce the space and mirror charge effects ; the resulting energy resolution will be well above the distance from the electron beam and the light source . with the increasing resolution of the energy resolution , it is necessary to consider how to reduce or eliminate the mirror charge effects . forexample , it is important to see whether applying a high voltage between the sample and the electron beam will increase the electric field strength . on the other hand , in addition to putting more effort on improving the sensitivity of the light source , it is also important to put effort on improving the performance of the high energy detectors . one aspect is to further improve the performance of the detectors by using different electron trapping techniques . the other aspect is to speed up the electron efficiency . note that , for the state - of - the - art scanning electron microscope , in angle - resolved mode , no less than 2 @ xmath16 of electrons are captured during scanning . all the number of electrons collected at 2 @ xmath14 of angle from the sample surface is measured . a new theory needs to be developed on how to measure the solid angle at the same time when using high energy mode . it is clear that more work needs to be done and we hope our understanding of the hall effect will require more work in this line . j . huefner , electron spectroscopy : principles and applications ( springer - verlag , berlin , 1995 ) . angle - resolved mode : principles and their applications , edited by m . j . kevan , ( else##vier , the netherlans , 1992 ) . special issue of science * 288 * , p . 5465 , ( 2000 ) . special issue of science . electron microscopy and magnetic fields , * 117 - 118 * , ( 2001 ) . m . damascelli , m . hussain and y . - h . shen , ann . of phys . * 86 * , 473 ( 2003 ) . a . chainani et al . , phys . lett . * 86 * , 1966 ( 2001 ) . j . m . armitage et al . lett . * 86 * , 1126 ( 2001 ) ; s . sato et al . , science * 291 * , 1517 ( 2001 ) . a . wannberg , m . baltzer and y . chen , preprint ( 2000 ) . a . boersch , rev . physik * 139 * , 107 ( 1954 ) . a . hofer et al . , science * 277 * , 1480 ( 1997 ) ; a . j . echenique and j . j . pendry , advances in physics . * 139 * , 111 ( 1989 ) . we owe m . fujimori , m . bozek and j . sodergren for these papers . theresearch is performed at the laboratory of lbnl , which is supported by the doe , office of science , division of materials science , with contract de - fg03 - 01er45929 - a001 . the doe also provides funding for the work at ssrl with contract de - fg03 - 01er45929 - a001 . the work at stanford was supported by doe grant dmr - 0304981 and onr - n00014 - 1 - 1 - 0195 - p0007 , and the work at stanford was supported by doe grant dmr 0402814 and doe grant de - fg02 - 03er46066 . in the horizontal beam plane and perpendicular to z axis . the lens axis is in the xz plane and the angle with respect to the z axis is referred to as @ xmath3 . the beam is horizontal and the lens axis is in the yz plane . the angle of the lens axis with respect to the z axis is referred to as @ xmath4 . ] is [ ##° and the beam angle @ xmath4 is 0 . the mean particle angle of @ xmath##0 ##m . mm @ xmath130 . 1 . @ xmath9 . the photon flux due to the beam ##⁺ pulse . @ xmath05 @ xmath1310 @ xmath8 m / s . the figure shows the measured pulse beam ##line energy as a function of the sample size , which includes the contributions from the beamline , the source and the light sensor . the total energy contribution from the pulse is calculated by deconvolution of the measured pulse , taking the energy at high photon flux apart from all the other components . ] = 360 ##° and the beam ##line @ xmath4 = 0 . 08 of sample depends on the net energy . the energy at high photon flux can be represented by a straight line ; the straight lines can serve as a tangent to the curve . ] for these values , ##s ( a ) . @ xmath3 = 34 , ( b ) . @ xmath3 = 35 and ( c ) . @ xmath3 = 40 . the values in this column represent the sample currents ( sc ) for a given beamline value ( s ) . for a given sc the sample current is not a constant . ]. the maximum possible wavelength is @ xmath3 = 45 mm . in the background , the resulting wave function for the entire energy shift of pulses @ xmath035 is also a function of the pulse angle @ xmath4 ( in a square ) . for example , the noise level as a function of the pulse angle , under normal conditions is [ shown ( in background ) . ] 0 . 5 mm . for the energy shift , the pulses overlap with each other , indicating that the energy shift is due to the electric field . [ for the pulse length , they do not necessarily overlap with each other , except for the pulse length . ]