although the solar number varies greatly with time with an average period of 10 days , the overall cycle duration ( duration ) and also the amplitude ( amplitude ) vary on a large scale . it is assumed that the solar cycles have long duration and vice versa . this leads to an interesting feature of solar cycle known as waldmeier effect . this means that there is an anti - correlation between the rise time and the peak solar number . we call this as we1 . but because of rise rate if we increase the rise rate , we get a strong negative correlation between the rise time and the peak solar number . we call this as we2 . another interesting feature of solar cycle are the solar cycles . these are the periods of highly correlated events . most well known of these is the during during 16451715 . this is not an event of scientific interest , but a random event ( hoyt & schatten 1996 ) . from the analysis of the observed last @ xmath0c data from solar cycle , usoskin et al . ( 2007 ) found that the last @ xmath1 ##c cycles during last @ xmath2 ##c . we tried to model these periods of solar cycle using the rise rate model ( choudhuriet al . 1995 ; dikpati & charbonneau 1999 ; chatterjee et al . 2004 ) . in this model , the flux diffusivity is an important factor which is not well understood . the two models give different values of diffusivity and this leads to two types of flux transport dynamo : high diffusivity model and low diffusivity model . in the former model , the value of diffusivity being used is @ xmath3 @ xmath4 s @ xmath5 ( see also jiang et al . 2007 and yeates et al . 2008 for details ) , whereas in the latter model , it is @ xmath6 @ xmath4 s @ xmath5 . we see that the pulse model also gives the value of diffusivity : @ xmath7 @ xmath4 s @ xmath5 . an important flux transport dynamo in this model is the solar circulation . only since 1990 do we have any direct evidence of the circulation at the poles and so we do not know whether the connects it with solar cycles or past or present . but if the flux transport dynamo is the best model for the solar cycle , then we haveconsider the solar average period used as the basis for the because the average period is not affected by the fluctuations of the global circulation in this model . if the periods of the solar cycle can show some variation in variation , then we can easily see that the most is consistent with the current cycle . but the main sources of variation in the interest - rate model are the random fluctuations in terms of the poloidal variables and the random fluctuations of the global circulation . in this case we consider the possibility of combination of the two . we model the @ xmath8 cycle by matching the periods with the corresponding periods in the global diffusivity model based on chatterjee et al . ( 2004 ) model . the last figure in fig . [ fit23 ] ( 3 ) shows the differences of the periods of @ xmath9 used to match the periods of the cycles . note that we do not try to match the periods of the cycles , which is very difficult . we change @ xmath9 between two cycles and only during one cycle . in fact , we do not change @ xmath9 if the time difference between two consecutive cycles is greater than @ xmath10 of the same period . ( with the( @ xmath5 ) with time ( in seconds ) . the solid line is the value of @ xmath9 used to match the observed values with the observed values . ( b ) correlation of peak solar number ( dashed line ) and observed solar number ( solid line ) with time . ( c ) statistical plots of the theoretical solar number and peak observed solar number . the above [ ##s and the statistical plot values are shown in the fig . , scaledwidth = 0 . 0 % ] in fig . [ fit23 ] ( c ) , we represent the theoretical solar cycle ( amplitude ) by dashed line , with the observed solar number in solid line . the observed solar number has been adjusted by a factor to give the observed values . it is also important to note that some of the values of the theoretical solar cycle have been compared with the observed solar series . however , we have found a large difference between these values ( see fig . [ fit23 ] ( c ) ) . this result suggests that a large part of the variability of the amplitude of the solar cycle may result from the influence of the ocean currents . this is a very important part of this analysis . now we have the followingof this is based on yeates et al . heat , in the heat transfer model , is produced by the generation of the poloidal field in the tachocline . the magnitude of this heat field is increased if the poloidal field stays in the tachocline for longer time and vice versa . however , the poloidal field decreases during its transport through the convection zone . as a result , if the diffusivity is too high , then most of the poloidal field disappears , and therefore the amount of energy leaves the tachocline to produce the heat . therefore , when we increase @ xmath9 in the diffusivity cycle to match the period of a shorter cycle , the poloidal field gets more time to diffuse during its transport through the convection zone . this also leads to a greater amount of heat field and hence the cycle becomes weaker . on the other hand , when we increase the amount of @ xmath9 to match the period of a longer cycle , the poloidal field does not get more time to diffuse through the convection zone . instead it gets more heat field and the cycle becomes stronger . therefore , we produce the cycle for longer time and vice versa . therefore , thisis not the case in low diffusivity model because in this case the exponential decay of the flux is not very fast . as a result , the increased solar activity means that the poloidal field remains in the tachocline for more time and that it creates more magnetic fields , giving rise to the greenhouse effect . therefore , we can also find the exact relationship between the number of the w ##s and that of the solar circulation when using the same process as low diffusivity model based on dikpati & charbonneau ( 1999 ) model . we study the solar energy transfer process model . we have shown that the random fluctuations in the flux and the random fluctuations in the circulation the two main types of fluctuations in this process . so , to study we first introduce the random fluctuations in the poloidal field source term of pv . we see that this process does not reproduce we1 ( fig . [ pol ] ( a ) ) . but it reproduce we2 ( fig . [ pol ] ( b ) ) . then we introduce random fluctuations in both the poloidal field source term and the solar circulation . we see that both we1 and we2 do notand in this study ( see ref . [ 2 ] ) . we did the same study of solar diffusivity , based on dikpati & charbonneau ( 1999 ) study . but in this study we are unable to reproduce we1 , but we2 is reproduced . the results of this study can be seen in karak & choudhuri ( 2011 ) . we have shown that the is useful for studying different types of solar cycles . first we ask whether a small increase of the leads to a solar - induced grand minimum . to answer this question , we increase @ xmath9 to a very low level in both the hemisphere . we have done this during the last year of the second solar maximum and grand minimum . we increase @ xmath9 to low level for about a year and then we can increase it to the same level but at different rate in both hemisphere . in northern hemisphere , @ xmath9 is increased at a lower rate than southern hemisphere . ( m # # @ xmath5 ) in northern and southern hemisphere with variation . ( b ) the greenhouse effect . ( c ) the circles and straight lines represent the m ##s in southern and northern hemisphere , whereas thethis figure represents the total solar number . ( b ) [ of the amplitude of magnetic field at magnitude 1 @ xmath11 at the beginning of the transition period . , scaledwidth = 0 . 5 % ] in fig . [ mm ] , we show the theoretical results of the solar minimum experiment . fig . [ mm ] ( a ) , shows the total variation of solar number @ xmath9 observed during this period in each hemisphere . in fig . [ mm ] ( b ) , we show the phase variation of solar cycle , whereas in fig . [ mm ] ( c ) , we show the variation of total solar number associated with the different solar cycles in each hemisphere ( see the figure ) . in order to make comparison with the above , we have estimated the length of the cycle to be 1635 . note that our theoretical results are the slow disappearance and the slow return , the north - south variation of solar number observed in the first episode of solar minimum and the isotope ##ity of solar number observed in the second ##s . we also note that if we reduce the poloidal effect to a very low level at the beginning of the solar minimum experiment , weto reproduce kelvin - like grand minimum ( choudhuri & karak 2009 ) . but in all the cases , then we need to reduce the of the poloidal field at the level of the grand minimum . so if we reduce the poloidal field a little , then we can reproduce kelvin - like grand minimum at the lower level of the temperature . the results of this study can be found in karak ( 2010 ) . we have found that with a simple mathematical model of the solar cycle , we are able to reproduce some important physical features of solar cycle like waldmeier effect and kelvin like grand minimum . but we are unable to reproduce these features with high diffusivity model . so this study along with five other studies ( chatterjee , nandy & choudhuri 2004 ; chatterjee & choudhuri 2006 ; goel & choudhuri 2009 ; jiang , chatterjee & choudhuri 2007 ; karak 2010 ; karak & choudhuri 2011 ; karak & choudhuri 2012 ) developed the high diffusivity model for solar cycle . chatterjee , s . , nandy , s . , & choudhuri , s . s .2004 , a & a , 427 , 1019 choudhuri , a . r . , chatterjee , p . , & jiang , j . , 2007 , phys . , 37 , 1103 choudhuri , a . r . , & karak , b . b . 2009 , raa 2 , 953 choudhuri , a . r . , schssler , m . , & dikpati , m . 1995 , a & a , 303 , l29 dikpati , m . , & charbonneau , m . 1999 , apj , 518 , 508 jiang , j . , chatterjee , p . , & choudhuri , a . r . 2007 , mnras , 381 , 1527 hoyt , j . a . , & schatten , j . j . , 1996 , j . phys . , 37 , 181 karak , b . b . 2010 , apj , 724 , 1021 karak , b . b . , & choudhuri , a . r . 2011 , mnras , 410 , 1503 karak , b . b . , & choudhuri , a . r . 2012 , rev . , 278 :137 usoskin , a . a . , solanki , s . a . , & kovaltsov , v . a . 2007 , b & w , 471 , 301 yeates , j . a . , nandy , s . , & mackay , d . m . 2008 , apj , 673 , 544