the person who first thought of using the spin channel of a single electron to store a single bit of information has never been identified directly . he has suggested that he had this idea in casual conversation ( circa 1985 ) , and to this day s . there did not exist practical methods for implementing spintronic logic gates until the late 1990s . storing information in spin can have certain advantages . first , there is the advantage of low energy consumption in spin logic gates . in spin logic devices , such as spin oxide and field effect devices , switching between logic 0 and logic 1 is accomplished by moving charges into and out of the spin channel . movement of charges is accomplished by applying a potential energy ( or electric field ) . the resulting potential energy is then dissipated as heat and irretrievably dissipated . in the case of spin , we do not need to _ switch _ charges . in order to switch the spin from 0 to 1 , or vice versa , we would have to spin the gate . this would require much more energy . second , spin does not stand up to external electric fields ( unless there is a spin - charge gap in the spin device ) . third , spin is said to be relatively resistant to damage .therefore , it is possible that these devices can operate independently . if we do not have to move electrons around , we will not be limited by the residence time of electrons . instead , we will be limited by the number of ##s , which could be infinite . in 1994 , we published a simple method for constructing a quantum dot based device ( nand ) with three electrons trapped in a strong magnetic field @ xcite . by ` ` excited electrons ' ' , we represent the spin orientation of two narrow band electrons , each trapped in a single quantum dot . the effect is shown below in detail . the interaction is known only for nearest neighbor spins ( the nearest neighbor interaction is far too strong to produce this effect ) . because of the magnetic field , the spin orientation of the quantum dot is _ _ _ _ _ . the spin orientation responds either to the magnetic field , or not to the interaction . to see this , consider the hamiltonian of an excited electron : @ xmath0 where @ xmath1 is the spin hamiltonian in the absence of the magnetic field , @ xmath2 is the magnetic field , @ xmath3 is the # ##er - state of the quantum dot state , @ xmath4 isthe corresponding states , and @ xmath5 are the corresponding spin matrices . if the magnetic field is directed in the z - direction , then @ xmath6 . the above hamiltonian has the eigenspinors ( 1 , 1 ) and ( 1 , 2 ) which are + z and - z - respectively . therefore , the spin matrix is a linear one ; it is either parallel or anti - parallel to the external magnetic field . in the case of an exchange of _ states corresponding to two _ different _ states ( such as two _ quantum numbers ) , the anti - parallel ordering , or the double ordering , ( i . e . the two spins are anti - parallel ) is preferred over the parallel ordering , or the ordering ( the spins are parallel ) @ xcite . we can assume that the tendency to follow this anti - parallel ordering is _ smaller _ than the tendency for the states to line up with the magnetic field . this assumption implies that the total splitting energy @ xmath7 ( energy difference between double and single states ) equals the total splitting energy @ xmath8 . we do this by taking the energy difference betweenedge dots to reduce the signal , but at the same time , making the magnetic field more strong to increase the signal strength . in this example , the ground state of the system is the same orientation as in fig . we will consider ` ` upspin ' ' the spin and ##s of the magnetic field and ` ` spin ' ' the spin orientation . we consider logic 0 as the upspin orientation . next , we will consider the two edge dots in fig . 1 ( b ) as input ports to the logic 0 , and the center dot as the output port . it is assumed that when the two inputs are logic 0 , the output will be logic 0 when the input is ground state ( anti - magnetic ordering ) . next , consider the state when the two inputs are logic 0 ( in ) . the output will be logic 1 in order to conform to the anti - magnetic ordering . however , there is a slight difference . this ( a ) is not _ one _ the ground state of the system , however . this is because of the strong magnetic field . the difference between fig . 1 ( a ) and fig . 1 ( b ) is that in the first example , _ two _ states are not equivalent to the groundthus , and in the example , _ and _ _ are both anti - parallel to the magnetic field . thus , if the system is not in the state of fig . 1 ( b ) , it will eventually decay to the state in fig . 1 ( a ) , according to the laws of physics . but that will take a very long time because of three reasons . first , the system must be an energy sensitive entity to decay . this entity is most likely a phonon . first , phonon effects in quantum mechanics are caused by the ` ` phonon emission ' ' of @ xcite . second , phonons do not flip spin to spin unless we use a suitable magnetic material as the source . third , if spins flip one at a time ( where two spins flip simultaneously is highly unlikely ) , then in order to reach the state in fig 1 ( a ) , the system in fig . 1 ( b ) will have to decay to a state where the opposite spins will be reversed . such a state is much lower in energy than in fig . 1 ( a ) . fig . 2 , fig . 1 ( a ) and fig . 1 ( b ) are separated by an energy gap , so .. . ( c ) a short , stable state . as long as the output bit ##rate is high enough so that we change state more quickly than the time it takes for the stable state to change to the more stable state of fig . 1 ( c ) , we need not worry about this problem . what happens if one of the inputs is logic 1 , and the other is logic 0 as shown in fig . 1 ( c ) ? . the magnetic field comes in handy to break the symmetry . in this case , logic 1 is chosen as the input since the two other inputs being equal , the circuit would have to set it parallel to the magnetic field , rather than anti - parallel . therefore , when the input is logic 0 , the ouput is logic 1 . we have seen the truth table in fig . . . truth table of a spintronic nand gate [ ^ = " ^ , ^ , ^ " , ^ = " ^ " , ] the reader can see that this is the truth table of a nand gate , which is one of two possible universal logic gates . since we cannot create a nand , we cannot create any other universal logic gate ( digital or binary ) by using nand gates . a number ofthese logic devices ( including gate , flip - flop , etc . ) were designed and described in ref . @ xcite . these devices have been extensively studied by others @ xcite using time independent simulations . the time - independent simulations show the different phase transitions and they do not fully address the fundamental problem with these devices that is not described in ref . @ xcite . in the next section , we discuss this problem . by the time these logic devices were designed , it was already known that they have a unique symmetry that allows their use in pipelined circuits @ xcite . to understand the nature of the symmetry , consider three devices ( or gates ) in series . the first such device is the logic gate ; it is represented by two # ##able gates , one of which is the input and the other is the output . because of the time - parallel symmetry , the output is not the not gate of the input . 2 ( a ) shows the logic devices in series and respectively . 2 ( b ) shows the two spintronic devices . the input to the first device is logic 1 and the output of the second one is logic 2 , as it should be . at first , let .we change the output of the first cell to logic 1 at time @ xmath9 = 0 . the output at time @ xmath9 = 0 + as shown in figure . we expect that eventually the output of the first cell will be logic 0 . however , this will never happen . in fig . 2 ( right ) , the second cell from the input is its left neighbor asking it to flip ( because of the exchange interaction that has non - linear ##ity between the two cells ) while its right neighbor is asking it to also flip because of the weak exchange interaction . the interactions from the left and from the right are almost too strong and the second cell is trapped in the logic 0 so that it can not jump out of @ xcite . paul landauer has called this a stable state that will jump to the next quantum state @ xcite . in fact , if we take the external magnetic field into account , then there is a tendency for the second cell to _ _ _ _ flip in response to the input since there is a strong preference for the upspin ##der because of the external magnetic field . in this case , the logic 0 can only jump from the input to the output and the# ##ry does not work ! these problems are discussed in literature . the main reason is that the circuit is _ static _ which does not prevent _ the _ transfer of logic signals from the input to the output of the logic device . this unidirectionality is a necessary attribute of a logic device ( for the other necessary attributes of a given logic device , see ref . @ xcite ) . we can think of several ways to enforce the unidirectionality . for example , we can say that if we expect the input of the current cell ( the cell in fig . 1 ( 1 ) ) to be stationary , and do not let go , then the next cell which is more likely to follow its left neighbor and right neighbor , will have no choice but to also follow its right neighbor since it is stationary and stationary ( we are not letting go of the input ) . this can be in terms of the magnetic field since the magnetic field is stronger than the current field . in this case , we are trying to enforce unidirectionality via the logic signal itself ( assuming that the logic signal does not break the time symmetry of the circuit in question . this particular case was discussed extensively in ref . @ x##cite which is the reason that this does not really work . in addition , the rate of digital wave propagation in this paradigm is slow and dependent . ##ization and the next quantum state , if any , will be affected by these effects . the possibility of using the same logic to enforce unidirectionality was also not included in the design of ref . @ xcite . while this may work for a few cells ( as it does in ref . @ xcite ) , it will probably not work for a large number of cells since the energy of the input decreases with increasing distance from the output . therefore , the few cells that are distant from the input , do not affect the splitting energy , and are stuck in these states , are incorrect solutions to many logic problems . in ref . @ xcite , the solution that was proposed to implement this paradigm was to progressively increase the distance between cells . this makes the influence of the left neighbor much stronger than that of the right neighbor since the strength of the mutual influence has an exponential effect on the size of the cell . this is not an ideal solution since eventually the output splitting energy will be greater than the input splitting energy , at which point the paradigm will no longer work . in 1996, we found a more general solution @ xcite . this was motivated by the fact that in charge coupled device ( ccd ) systems , there is no net unidirectionality , but energy is allowed to flow from one cell to the next unidirectionally . this is denoted by _ clocking _ . we found that unidirectionality can be expressed in time and space @ xcite and this implies unidirectionality in space . however , a further demonstration shows that the ##ization does not hold in our case . first , we put gate pads on the barriers between neighboring cells . first , all the the barriers are high and narrow so that there is no interaction between the wavefunctions of the pads and therefore no net interaction between neighboring cells . second , we remove the first spin by applying a chemical reaction to the pads as shown in figure . this causes the wavefunctions of electrons on either side of the gate pads to spread out into the barrier , etc . and induce an exchange reaction . this causes the second spin to take a direction anti - clockwise to the first spin , since the second spin is lower in energy than the first . in other words , the second spin disappears .at this point , if we let go of the gate , raise the first barrier back up , and lower the second barrier by applying a negative potential to gate 1 , then either the third cell switches in response to the second ( which is shown in the upper branch ) , or the fourth cell switches in response to the second ( which is shown in the lower branch ) . the upper branch produces the desired state , but it is more likely that the lower branch will fail since both cells follow the non - ferromagnetic pattern of the two closely related cells ( gates 2 and 3 ) . therefore , a simple molecular switch will not work . what is important is that both gate 1 and gate 3 maintain zero potential when the input is applied . when the first two cells assume the correct polarizations as shown in fig . 1 , the input is applied , gate 1 is returned to zero potential and negative voltage are applied to gates 2 and 3 . this causes the next two cells to assume the correct states , and so on . this process is illustrated in fig . 2 ( 2 ) and produces the desired state . now by applying _ two _ barriers _ pairwise at the same time , we can achieve the desired state in a linear fashion . in other words, we only need a _ three - phase clock _ , a push clock will not work . the two clock - trains for a three - phase clock are shown in diagram . the train is then moved from the push train to @ xmath10 # . such a move is not possible since charge ##able gate cells only need a multi - phase clock ( push clock , push clock ) to be @ xcite . although , multi - phase clock can make these devices faster , it is not an ideal idea since one has to fabricate gate pads for the two cells . the interface between the cells will have to be @ xmath11 ##5 nm in order to achieve maximum memory capacity . extending the gate pad to within a radius of 5 nm is a major design problem . furthermore , the gate currents are lowered and raised by moving current into and out of the gate pads , leading to a charge loss that completely negates the possibility of using them . however , these devices have interesting properties , which at this time , do not seem to be good enough for practical applications . so far , we have studied the effects of spin in the irreversible logic gates . these logic gates have a lot of @ xmat##h12 % of energy per spin / @ xcite . let us assume that we can produce quantum dots with a density of 10 @ xmath13 @ xmath14 . quantum dots self assembled using different conditions in our own lab ( and in many other labs ) can achieve this feat successfully . we have a simple brute force micrograph of quantum dots self assembled in our lab in fig . 1 . the dark areas of the dots and the small light areas are the same . the dot size of this micrograph is 10 % and the total density is equal to 10 @ xmath15 @ xmath14 . by using the same initial conditions , we can now achieve density of 10 @ xmath13 @ xmath14 . let us also assume that we can remove the electrons from a quantum dot in 1 psec . but the maximum power that will be dissipated per cycle time cannot be @ xmath16 / ( 1 psec ) = 3 kw / @ xmath17 ( although most of the power will be dissipated in the 10 seconds , which we had predicted ) . this power is at least 10 % greater than what the pentium 4 currently produces @ xcite . although power of 3 kw/ @ xmath17 of bits from a chip was removed over two decades ago , but removing bits / @ xmath17 from a chip is still a major problem in data transfer . the only way to avoid ( or , rather , overcome ) this problem is to use quantum logic chips that are not affected by the landauer @ xmath12 barrier . in 1996 , we demonstrated a simple and physically equivalent quantum computer using two exchange coupled spins @ xcite . this device is very similar to the single spin parametron / @ xcite and can be described as a single spin parametron . since one spin could exist as a linear combination of two other spin states ( calling them ` ` upspin ' ' and ` ` spin ' ' respectively ) , this would therefore be a ` ` qubit ' ' . subsequently , he and divincenzo demonstrated a simple quantum computer using two exchange coupled spins and two equally spaced quantum dots @ xcite . recently , the theory of the coupling of electron spins and quantum dots formed by molecular spins has been published , opening up new possibilities in this idea @ xcite . the idea of using a single spin or electron spin to create a qu##bit and , using this to build a universal quantum computer , has taken place @ xcite . the reason for this is the fact that charge acquisition times in solids are much longer than charge acquisition times . charge acquisition times in solids tend to decrease to about 1 nsec as the temperature is increased @ xcite . this is mainly due to changes to the spin state of phonons which can only be explained by the temperature @ xcite . on the other hand , higher spin acquisition times of 1 nsec in gaas at 300 °c has also been reported @ xcite and even higher acquisition times are reported for electron spins in solids @ xcite . thus , spin is now the preferred way to read qubits in solids . using spin to read out in universal quantum computers has recently emerged as a new and exciting idea @ xcite . the advantage of the spin - spin scheme over the spin scheme is that we do not need to use the electron spin _ _ _ to read a qubit . to read spin is very difficult @ xcite , although several methods have been developed for this purpose @ xcite . however , some recent progress has been made in this area @ xcite , by using a ququbit in the ground state currently is stable , . the important thing is that mechanical read out requires electrical contacts to read quantum dots , which is an important problem . in contrast , optical read out does not require contacts . the qubit is read out using a quantum dot operation @ xcite which involves reading the spin from the quantum dot . however , it has been demonstrated , that the ground state of an electron in a quantum dot can be read by simply passing it @ xcite . therefore , optical read out seems to be a very efficient method . in this article we have given a brief description of the use of low - spin spin calculations . we have shown where and where spin can have an advantage over spin in all the types of calculations and algorithms described above . s . bandyopadhyay and s . s . roychowdhury , proceedings of the international conference on superlattices and microstructures , brussels , belgium , 1996 , published in superlat . a , 411416 ( 1997 ) . a . calarco , s . datta , a . fedichev , a . pazy and r . zoller , phys . rev . a , vol . 1 , no . 1 ,012310 - 2 012310 - 2 ( 2003 ) ; a . pazy , g . biolattia , g . calarco , g . di amico , g . zanardi , g . rossi and a . zoller , europhys . 2 , 2 ( 2003 ) .