this paper provides data for the first two patches ( c and d ) of the sky studied by the european eso infrared survey ( eis ) , being carried out in preparation for the first year of the observation of vlt . the x - ray data reported earlier covered a total area of 6 square degrees , corresponding to @ xmath6 , corresponding to two telescopes in two patches of the sky , 6 square degrees apart . the new paper supplements previous papers in the field ( nonino 1998 ; paper i , prandoni 1998 ; paper ii ) and continues the analysis of the data provided by the eis , carried out during the period october 1997 - march 1998 as part of the wide - field infrared survey as published by renzini and da silva ( 1997 ) and in paper iv . the primary scientific objective for the patches c and d was to search for and determine a list of possible telescope target locations that would match those of the first two patches ( a and b ) reported earlier ( olsen 1998a , ref : papers iv and v ) , making vlt clearly visible year - round . patches c and d are also expected to coincide with the planned 10 year westerbork survey of the southern hemisphere ( 1999 ) , carried out in the project @ x##math7 and @ xmath8 . originally , the eis observations were intended to be carried out in two passbands ( i and j ) . however , because of space constraints and the difficulty of combining the eis data from the ntt with the new wide - field imager for the 1 . 5 m eso / mpia telescope , permission was given to increase the area covered by the i - band data , more suitable for more distant objects with @ xmath9 ( see table above ) . this increase is the largest coverage of the selected patches , covering a total area of 10 square degrees . together with the data for patches a and b the eis i - band data covers a total area of approximately 12 square degrees , representing the largest such data of its kind in the southern hemisphere . the purpose of the above paper is to describe the observations of the i - band data of patches c and d . in section 2 , the structure , characteristics and the quality of the data are described . in section 3 , the raw data obtained from the patches are analyzed and compared with data from the selected patches and other data sets to gain results . further details are described in section 4 . the observations of patches c and d were carried outfor six months in the period from ( except for patch b ) 1997 to january 1998 , using the red channel of the emmi instrument on the 1 . 5 m space telescope telescope ( ntt ) at la silla . the red channel of emmi was equipped with a tektronix 2046 @ xmath10 2046 camera with a pixel resolution of 0 . 266 mm and a total field - of - view of 120 @ xmath11 . the observations were carried out in a series of approximately 10 # ##s , with each patch in the series being observed at least once , using the x - band camera wb829 # 797 shown in figure 2 , and for which the brightness difference due to the observing conditions is unknown . the data for patches c and d consisted of 1348 frames . only 1203 were accepted for further analysis , with the results obtained from lower quality images ( @ xmath12 ##6 ) . the images obtained only had pixel resolution in the range 0 . 5 to 0 . 5 mm , much lower than the results obtained for patches a and b taken at the observatory of the nio . figure [ 1 : 1 ] shows the brightness differences of all the images for each patch . for example the patchit shows the spatial distribution of the two frames , with the vertical lines in each frame representing the median seeing and the mean of the patches . from the figure one sees that the median seeing for both patches is 1 - fold ( @ xmath13 % ) with only 5 % of the area covered by patches with median seeing less than 1 % . the relative distribution of the images can also be seen from figure [ fig : limiso ] which shows the @ xmath14 limiting isophote of the images for each patch . apart from the subrow of patch c , for both patches the limiting isophote is : @ xmath15 2 . 0 @ xmath16 1 @ @ xmath17 . the two - dimensional distributions of the seeing and limiting isophote are shown in figures [ fig : seeing _ cont ] and [ fig : limiso _ cont ] . comparison with the data shown in the papers ( figure ii and iii ) shows that the distributions for patches c and d are much different . note that for each patch tables are provided for the distribution of each individual patch , its seeing , its isophote and its mean - ness and can be found in ` ` fig :/ / www . eso . org / eis ' ' . in late december 1998 , a realignment of the image camera was carried out by the ntt , in an attempt to correct the image errors seen in the upper part , in the upper - right corner , of the emmi chip . the frames for patch c and some of the frames for patch d were improved with the new software of the ntt . measurements of the point spread function for these images showed a significant improvement in the quality of the image . this led to the need to develop a computer - based algorithm for the point - spread function to improve accuracy of the galaxy / galaxy classification on the chip . this is especially important for images taken under normal viewing conditions . in 1999 , from the results of the measurements as a function of position on the chip it was found that there was a 50 % decrease in the number of stars in the upper part of the image , due to misclassifications , much greater than that seen in patch c . in the following two months ( january - march ) there was a very fast ( at the @ xmath18 % of the background noise ) # ##ly moving along the east - west axis ( parallel to the x axis ) .with the other stars located in the inner regions of the ccd patch being detected . the reason for the these problems is at the present time unknown but is probably due to the limitations of the old - style ccd version of emmi , when operating in a single - mode detection mode . these are two - thirds of the patch c frames and almost all the patch d frames . these small changes occur everywhere in the patch and there is no reliable way of accounting for them a priori . an important aspect of this patch is that it leads to a significant error in the detection of low - apparent brightness stars in a range of masses ( @ @ xmath19 ) which can have a significant impact on the star detection rate ( scodeggio 1998 , paper iii ) . this is likely because the patches c and d are located at lower solar masses ( @ xmath20 ) with about an order of magnitude lower numbers of stars than the other patches . the initial design of the patch is carried out , as described in papers ii and iii , by fitting a single zero - point for all points from the solution of the linear least - squares problem to all the individual zero - points , constraining their values to be equal to zero .the absolute zero - point is determined by a common zero - point offset calculated from the absolute zero - points of the frames observed under these conditions . there are 340 and 290 reference frames , covering about 40 % and 60 % of the surveyed area , in patches c and d , respectively ( see figure [ fig : 1 ] ) . the zero - points for these frames were determined from a sample of 60 frames , of the order of # ##4 frames , from landolt ( 1992 ##a , b ) , averaged in 10 days for patch c and in 10 nights for patch d . about 215 ##0 pairs of frames in the different passbands were used in the study . comparison with the figure indicates that the zero - point offset is an accurate absolute value for the surveyed area . in order to illustrate the accurate measurement and the determination of the zero - point , strips from the denis study ( epchtein 1996 ) cross the surveyed area the areas of overlap of these strips are shown in figure [ fig : 1 ] , which indicates that there are four strips crossing patch c and five strips crossing patch d . in the figure the frames observed under these conditions are not shown . comparison of this study with their results published in patch cand finally , it appears that the data for patches c and d are of high quality , with a much larger number of observations than under normal conditions . in order to determine the relative variation in the observed zero - point of the area of the patch , the eis images are compared with object catalog extracted from the denis strips that overlap the patch area ( see figure [ fig : denis ] ) . comparison of the images allows one to determine the distribution of the zero - point of the patch . the results are shown in figure [ fig : denis ] . the range over which the comparisons can be made is very limited because of variability of data in eis between the deep magnitude ( @ xmath21 ) and the low magnitude ##s of denis ( @ xmath22 ) . however , between the denis strips where comparison is made one sees a nearly constant zero - point variation of less than 0 . 02 mag for denis , and a variation of @ xmath23 , that can be related to the variation of the denis values ( deul 1998 ) . in order to determine the quality of the data , tables extracted from the object catalog extracted from the patches are compared in this way with the denis and other data sets .the data derived from these observations are used to calculate the even , odd and even fit parameters , described in previous papers . the observed distribution of stars and galaxies , calculated using the star / galaxy classification algorithm described in previous papers of the group , is shown in figures [ fig : pc _ visu ] and [ fig : pd _ visu ] down to @ xmath24 and @ xmath25 for stars and galaxies , respectively . the distribution corresponds roughly to the upper limit of the object catalog . this limit was calculated from the object catalog derived from the re - analysis of images of a single galaxy taken earlier during the construction of the patch . note that because of the much easier calculation star / galaxy classification is revised down to @ xmath26 and the quality is only 0 . 5 % better . further improvement in the quality is expected from the new version being developed in sextractor based on the mesh - based image classification algorithm currently being developed . this new version should also improve the quality of the images of the patch . the distribution of the stars and galaxies described in figures [ fig : pc _ visu ] and [ fig : pd _ visu ] is relatively uniform and much larger than those described in the previous papers##is possible due to the much better observing conditions . this is all except for a small problem of about 0 . 5 square degrees in patch d which has been resolved , as shown in figure [ fig : star _ visu ] . the main problem associated with the resulting images in these patches is the presence of some very small star features not visible at high resolution ( see eis pipeline below ) . these features are the result of the imaging errors mentioned above and are not easily accounted for at the high resolution . in order to evaluate the results the general characteristics of the entire object catalog are investigated and compared with model data and other data sources . note that patches c and d are located at a different plane and the number of stars is much higher . in addition , the resolution is much higher than in other patches . therefore , it is of interest to re - evaluate the overall performance of the eis package ##s under these observing conditions . figure [ fig : star _ cluster ] , shows the calculation of the stellar counts for patches c and d , using the stellar counts extracted from the object catalog , with the best results based on a galactic disk composed of an s - type , a debris disk and a cluster . the star - counts have been calculated using the method developed by the##dez and de altena ( 1996 ) , used the same model parameters in their paper , and calculated @ xmath27 of 0 . 015 and 0 . 010 for galaxies c and d , respectively . it is important to note that no attempt has been made to relate any of the model parameters to the observed counts . the model is used only as a guide to interpreting the data . it can be said there is a good agreement at light magnitude ( @ xmath28 ) , but the observed counts show an excess at dark magnitude ( @ xmath29 ) . even though it is possible that this excess is due to misclassified counts at these very high magnitude , a good agreement can be found if a high stellarity index is used . on the other hand , it is also possible that the model ignores the size of the dust - disk which causes a significant increase in this magnitude count . the significant increase in the observed counts at @ xmath30 is probably due to the very high stellarity index used , which was chosen to represent the amount of light . by assuming a stellarity index of 0 . 05 the increase in the count can be explained up to @ xmath31 . however , since these counts##s and this value of the stellarity index ##es of galaxies can be significant . a major problem with these higher values is the misclassification of galaxies as a result of the interference effects of emmi , that can have significant consequences for images taken under normal observing conditions . in order to determine the accuracy of the observed counts , the counts of patches c and d are compared with those of the patches in figure [ fig : gal _ counts ] . there is a significant difference among the counts obtained for the two patches , showing that the number of galaxies has not been affected by the patches of higher apparent magnitude . the galaxy counts derived from the two patches have been used to determine the actual galaxy counts and the accuracy . this is also shown in figure [ fig : gal _ counts ] where it is compared to the ground - based counts ( smith 1998 ) and those from hdf ( smith 1996 ) , as applied to the solar system ( see figure 2 ) . it can be seen the eis ##l counts agree very well with the ground - based counts of the galaxies in the near visible range up to @ xmath32 and with the lower values of the hdf counts . the good internal and external consistency of the p - v galaxy counts serves as a source ofthe resolution of the eis catalog varies . data from laser - scanned images should be of about 1 . 5 % resolution . one way of measuring the relative reliability of the two methods is to use the two - dimensional angular correlation function , @ xmath33 , because deviation from this should affect the results , especially at higher resolutions . the method should be sensitive to small changes , due to the size of the individual patches , and to changes in the size of the patch , which could result from large - scale changes of the local zero - point . note that any such change due to the different placement of weights on the surface of the patches would lead to a similar effect ( affecting the patch ##ing and the eis catalog ##s ) that could affect the angular correlation function . figure [ 1 : 1 ] : @ xmath33 computed for all time frames for both patches , using the method developed by landy & szalay ( 1993 ) . the calculation has been performed for the entire area of patch b and part of the area of patch c , with only one subrow ( two time frames ) , according to the table below ( see figure [ 1 ] ) . for example , @ xmath33 .for the above results are also shown ( figures ii and iii ) from which the estimated values can be calculated directly from the data . as can be seen this is a good result for all the time series used . however , the large surface area of patches c and d allows to calculate the angular correlation function corresponding to @ xmath34 directly . in both cases @ xmath33 is well matched in the comparison of @ xmath35 with @ xmath36 in the range 0 . 5 - 0 . 9 . note that for patch c the values correspond to the original images obtained after analyzing the original patches ( see paper ii ) . in addition , there is no evidence for an underlying mechanism consistent with the distribution of the patches . the effect of @ xmath33 was measured by carrying out analysis and adding to the original sample sample a patch pattern with high spatial contrast . it was found that for high sensitivity this would lead to large depression in the angular correlation function on average of both the product of the size of the patch and its diameter , with the amount of depression depending on the patch size . types of patches are used as to the accuracy of the resulting galaxy images . also , note that the best results of @ xmath33for the four patches confirms that the very small - scale spectral lines associated with the x ##est patch , described in the [ above ] , show very little variation in the angular correlation function . as stated in this , the dependence of the value of the correlation function on the sample size of the patch is consistent with earlier results published on significantly smaller samples and the later results published by postman ( 1998 ) . these results show that the eis ##l catalogs are relatively homogeneous and form a coherent data set outside of the patches , giving consistent results . however , note that even though a single power - law with a slope of 0 . 5 - 0 . 8 is a good fit for the correlation function for all four patches , it is an indication that for larger samples ( @ xmath37 ) the angular correlation function can be better fit with two different power - laws . on smaller samples ( @ xmath38 ) the value remains the same but on larger samples it becomes much lower . a similar behavior was observed for the @ xmath33 patch for all four patches . this result appears to be consistent with earlier claims by campos ( 1995 ) and neuschaefer and windhorst ( 1995 ) for much larger samples ,and more recently , adams ( 1998 ) with a survey of similar size to eis but covering a single large galaxy . one year after the first survey , the science data set provided by eis is being made available in the form of astrometrically and accurately dated satellite images and star counts derived from satellite images . in addition , several papers have provided object counts and candidate images for follow - up studies . the eis data set consists of about 6000 measurement and satellite images , about 200 gb of raw data and about 100 gb of candidate images and data sets . all the images in these databases are stored in a constantly updated database . together with the data working group a new database has been created to provide users with a wide range of products and information regarding the survey . from the analysis of the star counts and their comparison against the images and raw data , it has been determined that the object counts are complete and accurate . when all objects are included , the total eis object catalog contains over 1 million objects and it is by far the largest data set of active galaxies currently available in the southern hemisphere . the star counts have a good agreement with current climate models , especially at mid - latitude ##s , and the galaxy counts agree withtogether with the ground - based images as well as with the data obtained from hdf . the results from the different patches appear to be very similar , as well as from measurements of the angular zero - point correlation , which should be related to large - scale differences within each patch and to the values of the angular zero - points for the different patches . as such eis - 1 has produced large numbers ( up to about 10 million ) of new clusters of patches ( olsen 1998a , b , scodeggio 1998 ) and of the many new targets ( zaggia 1998 ) , more than doubled for the first year of operation with vlt , the optical component of eis . all of the patches can therefore be observed all year round . in order to facilitate the processing of the images , the authors refer to the patch ##s as described in the early part of the paper . even though co - operation has been achieved for all the patches , problems have been encountered during the development of the image sets derived from them and the additional patches . however , the data sets collected are sufficiently large and detailed for them to be implemented in the first year of operation of the vlt . the results obtained from the value - based images should be implemented in the first##lt ##s project . this proposal is the first project of eis which will now focus on the deep surveys of the hdf - deep ( @ xmath39 ) and axaf deep ( @ xmath40 ) projects . the data obtained so far demonstrate the potential of the deep survey for the world at large with the technical knowledge and tools needed to conduct follow - up observations at 2 - meter aperture ##s . the experience gained by eis in data collection , data collection and analysis will also be applied to the denis project , a new wide - field deep survey to be conducted with the wide - field camera mounted on the eso / mpia 2 . 0 ##m platform . we thank all the parties directly and indirectly involved in the eso deep survey project . in particular , all the members of the eis working group for the deep constructive and constructive observations , the eso consortium , and the st - project for their support . we also thank the denis team for making available some of their best data . the denis project proposal was made possible thanks to the participation of a number of researchers , engineers and scientists from different countries . the denis project was funded by the science and technology research and innovation fund of the european commission under the directive ct9207##91 and ct940627 , by the french institut national des sciences et lunivers , the foreign ministry and the centre national de la creation scientifique , in germany by the state of baden - wurttemberg , in france by the dgicyt , in italy by the consiglio nazionale delle richerche , by the german fonds zur frderung der wissenschaftlichen forschung und bundesministerium fur wissenschaft und forschung , in brazil by the fundation for the advancement of scientific research of the university of sao paulo ( fapesp ) , and by the german otka grant f - 4239 and f - 013990 and the eso s & t grant f - 04 - 046 . our sincere thanks to the memory of dr . renzini , vlt chief scientist , for his outstanding contribution , leadership and determination in making this project a success . also , we would like to thank eso lt . general riccardo giacconi for making this project possible in the short time period .