Berkley Bedell is the born of Mar V, 1921.
Berkley Bedell is the occupation of Us Government Representative.
Berkley Bedell is the from of Iowa.
Berkley Bedell founds Berkley Pilot Co..
Berkley Bedell is the opponent of Wiley Mayne.
Berkley Bedell is the member of Us Congress.
Berkley Bedell organizes Town Hall.
Berkley Bedell listens Constituents.
Berkley Bedell supports Waterway Usage Fee.
Berkley Bedell affects Lyme Disease.
Berkley Bedell involves Hawkeye State Government.
Berkley Bedell supports Howard Dean.
Berkley Bedell supports John Kerry.
Berkley Bedell meets Chris Dodd.
Berkley Bedell endorses Barack Obama.
Berkley Bedell bears Spirit Lake, Iowa.
Berkley Bedell educates Spirit Lake Public Schooling.
Berkley Bedell educates Spirit Lake High School.
Berkley Bedell involves Business.
Berkley Bedell creates Fly-Fishing Lure.
Berkley Bedell uses Cellar.
Berkley Bedell attends Iowa State University.
Berkley Bedell marrys Elinor Healy.
Berkley Bedell is the father of of Kenneth.
Berkley Bedell is the father of of Thomas.
Berkley Bedell is the father of of Joanne.
Berkley Bedell serves Us Army.
Berkley Bedell ranks Lieutenant.
Berkley Bedell works Flight Trainer.
Berkley Bedell employs Employees.
Berkley Bedell achieves Millionaire.
Berkley Bedell is the member of of Spirit Lake Board Of Education.
Berkley Bedell is the chairman of of Little Business Subcommittee.
Berkley Bedell investigates Oil Company.
Berkley Bedell supports Small Petrol Vendor.
Berkley Bedell supports Congressman Bill Nelson.
Berkley Bedell investigates Arco.
Berkley Bedell visits Sandinista Government Of Nicaragua.
Berkley Bedell visits Honduras.
Berkley Bedell meets Contras.
Berkley Bedell criticizes Ronald Reagan.
Berkley Bedell opposes Farm Subsidies.
Berkley Bedell criticizes Department Of Agriculture.
Berkley Bedell establishs Alternative Medicine Center.
Berkley Bedell is the friend of of Tom Harkin.
Berkley Bedell supports Leslie Howard Dean.
Berkley Bedell establishs Elinor Bedell Park.
Berkley Bedell opposes Vietnam War.
Berkley Bedell opposes Iraq.