Hot Dog Slide takes Wienerwurst.
Hot Dog Slide takes Alberta.
Hot Dog Slide takes Canada.
Alberta establishs Sep 1905.
Evergreen State is the part of of United States.
Iv : 10 Live On Apr Xxix , 1903 occurs Hot Dog Slide.
82 Billion Mt ( 90 Meg Dozens ) Of Limestone Tilt Slide causes Turtle Mount.
82 Billion Mt ( 90 Meg Dozens ) Of Limestone Tilt Slide is the affected of Canadian River Pacific Ocean Railway Line.
82 Billion Mt ( 90 Meg Dozens ) Of Limestone Tilt Slide is the affected of Coal Mine.
82 Billion Mt ( 90 Meg Dozens ) Of Limestone Tilt Slide is the affected of Canadian River.
82 Billion Mt ( 90 Meg Dozens ) Of Limestone Tilt Slide is the affected of Lxx And 90 Of The Townsfolk 'S Occupant.
Multiple Factor leads 82 Billion Mt ( 90 Meg Dozens ) Of Limestone Tilt Slide.
Ithiel Town relocates 1911.
Ithiel Town abandons 1917.
Ithiel Town is the part of of Municipality Of Crowsnest Fling.
Municipality Of Crowsnest Fling haves 200.
Hot Dog Slide designates Provincial Historical Land Site Of Alberta.
Provincial Historical Land Site Of Alberta is the contains of Interpretive Centre.
Interpretive Centre is the receives visitors of One C @,@ 000 Visitant Each Year.
Straight-From-The-Shoulder bears Southwesterly Tree Of The District Of Alberta.
Straight-From-The-Shoulder bears 1901.
Straight-From-The-Shoulder involves Canadian River @-@ American Language Coal And Snow Troupe.
Straight-From-The-Shoulder establishs Sept X , 1901.
Canadian River Peaceable Railroad Line ( Cardiac Resuscitation ) involves Straight-From-The-Shoulder.
Apr 1903 occurs Straight-From-The-Shoulder.
Straight-From-The-Shoulder haves 600.
Straight-From-The-Shoulder establishs Two @-@ Story Schooltime.
Straight-From-The-Shoulder establishs Four Hotels.
Turtle Mount locates Straight-From-The-Shoulder.
Turtle Mount composes One-Time Limestone Bed Fold Up O'Er On Upside Of Soft Stuff Such Antiophthalmic Factor Shale And Sandstone.
Turtle Mount knows Blackfoot And Kutenai People.
The Mount That Move knows Turtle Mount.
Freightage Train is the crosses of Crowsnest River.
Cochrane is the destination of of Freightage Train.
Freightage Train heads Turtle Mount.
Freightage Train is the near of Turtle Mount.
Seism triggers Rockslide.
Volcanic Irruption triggers Rockslide.
Burst Within The Mine triggers Rockslide.
Seven Cottage is the destroyed of Rockslide.
Burying Ground is the affected of Rockslide.
Railroad Line Running is the affected of Rockslide.
One Hundred Mass is the affected of Rockslide.
Trust Slide Inwards 1965 succeeds Rockslide.
L Transients is the affected of Rockslide.
Morrissey is the from of L Transients.
Spokane Flier is the origin of Lethbridge.
Mouth-To-Mouth Resuscitation Brakeman Sid Choquette warns Rockslide.
Fort John James Rickard Macleod arrives May 1.
Fort John James Rickard Macleod meets Doctor . Premier Frederick Haultain.
May 1 occurs Fort John James Rickard Macleod.
Gsc conducts May 1.
Second Earl Of Guilford consults May 1.
May Ten evacuates Ithiel Town.
Ithiel Town relocates 1911.
Ithiel Town abandons 1917.
Ithiel Town is the part of of Municipality Of Crowsnest Fling.
Municipality Of Crowsnest Fling haves 200.
Fissure Hoosier State The Mount leads Rockslide.