Jifna locates Ramallah And Al-Bireh Governorate.
Jifna locates Cicily Isabel Fairfield.
Jifna locates Canaan.
Jifna locates Ramallah.
Jifna locates Israel.
Jifna is the majority religion of Christianity.
Jifna governs Jabi Na'Im Kamil.
Jifna is the historically known as of Gophnah.
Jifna is the historically associated with of Flavius Josephus.
Jifna references Madaba.
Jifna references Gibeon.
Jifna references Ben Gufnin.
Jifna is the historically associated with of Salah-Ad-Din Yusuf Ibn-Ayyub.
Jifna is the historically associated with of Titus Flavius Sabinus Vespasianus.
Jifna is the location of of St. George'S Church.
Jifna is the historically associated with of Raymundus De Jafenia.
Jifna is the historically used as of Burj Jifna.
Jifna is the historically associated with of Edward Esme Stuart Robinson.
Jifna is the historically associated with of St. Joseph.
Jifna is the incident involving of Idf Sniper.
Jifna is the adjacent to refugee camp of Jalazone.
Jifna is the adjacent to of Ein Siniya.
Jifna is the nearby settlement of Abu Qash.
Jifna is the nearby settlement of Beitin.
Jifna is the nearby settlement of Ein Yabrud.
Jifna is the nearby settlement of Atara.
Jifna is the nearby settlement of Bir Zeit.
Jifna is the data collection of Pcbs.
Jifna is the population data of Universe.
Jifna is the population data of Refugees.
Jifna is the population data of Male.
Jifna is the population data of Female.
Jifna is the population data of Christian.
Jifna is the population data of Moslem.
Jifna is the historical influence of Frankish.
Jifna is the economic activity of Colonisation.
Jifna is the economic activity of Business.
Jifna is the economic activity of Unemployment.
Jifna is the economic activity of Income.
Jifna is the infrastructure data of Electricity.
Jifna is the infrastructure data of Sewage System.
Jifna is the infrastructure data of Water.
Jifna is the community service of Health Service.
Jifna is the economic activity of Restaurant.
Jifna is the economic activity of Hotel.
Jifna is the economic activity of Leisure Complex.
Jifna is the community facility of Pool.
Jifna is the economic activity of Tourism.
Jifna is the cultural tradition of Traditional Dress.
Jifna is the cultural tradition of Traditional Dish.
Jifna is the cultural event of Festival.
Jifna is the local governance of Hamlet Council.
Jifna is the education institution of School.
Jifna is the education institution of Kindergarten.
Jifna is the education institution of Latin Patriarchate Of Jerusalem.
Jifna is the education institution of Bir Zeit University.