Poland invades Nazi Germany.
Poland invades Soviet Union.
Niall Ferguson is the quote of Nazi Germany.
Niall Ferguson is the quote of Soviet Union.
Poland is the supports of Catholic Church.
Nazi Germany is the implemented policies of Poland.
Joseph Goebbels is the leadership of Abteilung Für Volksaufklärung Und Propaganda.
Joseph Goebbels is the leadership of Hauptabteilung Propaganda.
Nazi Germany is the responsible for art robbery of Ahnenerbe.
Nazi Germany is the responsible for art robbery of Einsatzgruppen.
Nazi Germany is the responsible for art robbery of Haupttreuhandstelle Ost.
Veit Stoss is the artwork robbed of Nazi Germany.
Raffaello Sanzio is the artwork robbed of Nazi Germany.
Rembrandt Van Rijn is the artwork robbed of Nazi Germany.
Leonardo Da Vinci is the artwork robbed of Nazi Germany.
Canaletto is the artwork robbed of Nazi Germany.
Bacciarelli is the artwork robbed of Nazi Germany.
Kate O'Flaherty Chopin is the artwork robbed of Nazi Germany.
Tadeusz Kościuszko is the monument destroyed of Nazi Germany.
Heinrich Himmler is the memorandum of John Doe.
Han Wienerwurst is the response of Heinrich Himmler.
Kraków is the destroyed of Kraków'S X Mickiewicz Monument.
Warsaw closes Sejm And Senate Library.
Joseph Stalin is the opponent of Adolf Hitler.
Joseph Stalin is the opponent of John Doe.
Joseph Stalin is the associate of Piotr Wróbel.
Joseph Stalin is the opponent of Aleksander Wat.
Stefan Sapieha is the associate of Janusz Radziwiłł.
Winston S. Churchill is the associate of Arkady Arthur Fiedler.
Stanisław Hendrik Antoon Lorentz is the associate of Jan Stanisław Jankowski.
Stanisław Hendrik Antoon Lorentz is the associate of Stefan Mateja.
Antoni Olszewski is the associate of Bronisław Domosławski.
Władysław Tatarkiewicz is the associate of Zenon Klemensiewicz.
Jerzy Rutkowski is the associate of Armia Krajowa.
Warsaw publishs Na Ucho.
Kraków publishs Na Ucho.
Na Ucho is the contributor of Czesław Miłosz.
Na Ucho is the contributor of Krzysztof Kamil Baczyński.
Na Ucho is the contributor of Lesław Bartelski.
Na Ucho is the contributor of Tadeusz Borowski.
Na Ucho is the contributor of Zuzanna Ginczanka.
Na Ucho is the contributor of Jarosław Iwaszkiewicz.
Na Ucho is the contributor of Konstanty Ildefons Gałczyński.
Na Ucho is the contributor of Stefan Flukowski.
Na Ucho is the contributor of Leon Kruczkowski.
Na Ucho is the contributor of Andrzej Nowicki.
Na Ucho is the contributor of Marian Piechała.
Na Ucho is the contributor of Wacław Berent.
Na Ucho is the contributor of Juliusz Kaden-Bandrowski.
Na Ucho is the contributor of Stefan Kiedrzyński.
Na Ucho is the contributor of Janusz Korczak.
Na Ucho is the contributor of Halina Krahelska.
Na Ucho is the contributor of Tadeusz Hollender.
Na Ucho is the contributor of Witold Hulewicz.
Na Ucho is the contributor of Ferdynand Antoni Ossendowski.
Na Ucho is the contributor of Włodzimierz Pietrzak.
Na Ucho is the contributor of Leon Pomirowski.
Na Ucho is the contributor of Kazimierz Przerwa-Tetmajer.
Na Ucho is the contributor of Bruno Schulz.
Warsaw performs Robert Adam Didur.
Warsaw performs Zbigniew Drzewiecki.
Warsaw performs Jan Ekier.
Warsaw performs Barbara Kostrzewska.
Warsaw performs Zygmunt Latoszewski.
Warsaw performs Jerzy Lefeld.
Warsaw performs Witold Lutosławski.
Warsaw performs Andrzej Panufnik.
Warsaw performs Piotr Perkowski.
Warsaw performs Eugenia Umińska.
Warsaw performs Jerzy Waldorff.
Warsaw performs Kazimierz Wiłkomirski.
Warsaw performs Maria Wiłkomirska.
Warsaw performs Bolesław Woytowicz.
Warsaw performs Mira Zimińska.
Warsaw performs Karol Adwentowicz.
Warsaw performs Elżbieta Barszczewska.
Warsaw performs Henryk Borowski.
Warsaw performs Wojciech Brydziński.
Warsaw performs Władysław Hańcza.
Warsaw performs Stefan Jaracz.
Warsaw performs Tadeusz Kantor.
Warsaw performs Mieczysław Kotlarczyk.
Warsaw performs Bohdan Korzeniowski.
Warsaw performs Jan Kreczmar.
Warsaw performs Andrzej Pronaszko.
Warsaw performs Leon Schiller.
Warsaw performs Matthew Arnold Szyfman.
Warsaw performs Stanisława Umińska.
Warsaw performs Edmund Wierciński.
Warsaw performs Maria Wiercińska.
Warsaw performs Karol Wojtyła.
Warsaw performs Marian Wyrzykowski.
Warsaw performs Jerzy Zawieyski.
Warsaw is the contributor of Arkady Fiedler.
Warsaw is the contributor of Lauritz Melchior Wańkowicz.
Warsaw is the contributor of Jan Lechoń.
Warsaw is the contributor of Antoni Słonimski.
Warsaw is the contributor of Kazimierz Wierzyński.
Warsaw is the contributor of Julian Tuwim.
Warsaw is the contributor of Tadeusz Piotr Potworowski.
Warsaw is the contributor of Adam Kossowski.
Warsaw is the contributor of Marian Kratochwil.
Warsaw is the contributor of Bolesław Leitgeber.
Warsaw is the contributor of Stefan Knapp.
Warsaw is the contributor of Tomasz Szarota.
Warsaw is the contributor of Norman Davies.
Warsaw is the contributor of Tadeusz Borowski.
Warsaw is the contributor of Henryk Grynberg.
Warsaw is the contributor of Miron Białoszewski.
Warsaw is the contributor of Hanna Krall.
Warsaw is the contributor of Andrzej Wajda.