Vocal Dynasty knows Buddhistic Pagodas.
Vocal Dynasty knows Stone And Wooden Bridge.
Vocal Dynasty knows Tomb.
Vocal Dynasty knows Castle.
Vocal Dynasty contributes Architectural Penning.
Vocal Dynasty contributes Architectural Knowledge.
Vocal Dynasty acknowledges Architect.
Vocal Dynasty acknowledges Crafter.
Vocal Dynasty acknowledges Carpenter.
Vocal Dynasty acknowledges Structural Engineer.
Vocal Dynasty acknowledges Confucianist Scholar-Official.
Urban Center is the part of of Castle.
Urban Center locates Bianjing.
Urban Center follows Kao Bell Islamic Group.
Urban Center is the feature of of City Wall.
Urban Center is the feature of of Gates.
Emperor resides Urban Center.
Zhang Zeduan paints River During The Qingming Festival.
Zhang Zeduan depicts Dongshui Gate.
Yingzao Fashi describes Earth Wall.
Songyue Pagoda is the example of architecture of Stone And Wooden Bridge.
Wild Goose Pagoda is the example of architecture of Stone And Wooden Bridge.
Iron Pagoda is the example of architecture of Stone And Wooden Bridge.
Youguo Temple is the location of pagoda of Iron Pagoda.
Liuhe Pagoda locates Hangzhou.
Liuhe Pagoda locates Yuelun Hill.
Zhengjue Temple Pagoda is the location of pagoda of Pengxian County.
Lingxiao Pagoda is the comparison with another pagoda of Pizhi Pagoda.
Lingxiao Pagoda is the both have interior staircase of Pizhi Pagoda.
Lingxiao Pagoda is the lingxiao pagoda has staircase to fourth floor , pizhi pagoda has staircase to fifth floor of Pizhi Pagoda.
Lingxiao Pagoda is the pizhi pagoda has exterior steps to ninth and uppermost storey of Pizhi Pagoda.
Fogong Temple is the location of pagoda of Pagoda.
Liaodi Pagoda is the location of pagoda of Kaiyuan Monastery.
Gaocheng Astronomical Observatory is the comparison with another pagoda of Yunyan Pagoda.
Jinze is the impressed of Benjamin West.
Jinze builds A Mansion House.
A Mansion House converts Buddhistic Sutra Recitation Residence Hall.
Buddhistic Sutra Recitation Residence Hall surrounds Various Former Spiritual Buildings.
Jinze is the major focus of religious order of Ithiel Town.
Nanxiang contributes Temple And Other Spiritual Buildings.
Temple Of The Sainted Mother locates Asaph Hall.
Temple Of The Sainted Mother is the progress of jin temple of Jin Temple.
Jin Temple is the first constructed of Built Between 1023 And 1032.
Jin Temple reconstructs Revived In 1102.
Jin Temple is the roof design of Double-Eaved Roof With Nine Rooftree.
Jin Temple is the roof decoration of Dragon-Head With Wide-Open Mouth Biting The End Of The Main Ridgeline.
Jin Temple is the roof support of Monumental Dougong Bracket.
Jin Temple is the distinctive feature of Eaves Curve Upward At Each End.
Jin Temple decorates Dragon Decorations On The Facade.
Jin Temple is the unique construction of Porch Around The Temple.
Jin Temple is the unique feature of Cross-Shaped Bridge Leading To The Goddess Temple.
Xuan Miao Temple locates Suzhou City.
Xuan Miao Temple recognizes Installed As A National Heritage Site In 1982.
Jingling Palace establishs Yellow Emperor Temple.
Yellow Emperor Temple is the destroyed of Ruined Near The End Of The Yuan Dynasty.
Yellow Emperor Temple situates Shou Qiu Complex.
Shou Qiu Complex is the feature in the complex of Two Tortoise-Carrying Stelae.
Zhang Zhongyan builds Trestle Bridges.
Xia Gui constructs Rainbow Bridge In Wuyuan.
Su Shi builds Causeway Across West Lake.
Qiu Changchun visits Genghis Caravanserai In Samarcand.
Qiu Changchun encounters Various Chinese Bridges Encountered.
Qiu Changchun travels Tian Shan Mountains.
Qiu Changchun passs Yining.
Qiu Changchun encounters 48 Timberland Bridges.
Qiu Changchun is the similar to those used in caesar 's bridge across the rhine river of Wooden Trestles Of Chinese Bridges.
Qiu Changchun is the similar to those used by da vinci or in africa of Wooden Trestles Of Chinese Bridges.
Qiu Changchun constructs Stone Bridges In Fujian Province.
Cai Xiang designs Wanan Bridge.
Cai Xiang constructs Stone Construction.
Cai Xiang builds Anping Bridge.
Architecture is the in of Vocal Graphics.