At first, he would be tearing around the room, playing with his toys. But at times he would even get catatonic. This had been my thought when she had put him into the crib. The second time he had seen his father, he had hardly looked at him at all. It was as if the world could not frighten him, and she only loved the sight of him in the bed. with all his years of football, it would have been an unavoidable burden for him to become a boy, so he was rather happy to be left to enjoy himself in the wild. Every time he looked at his father's face, she was very thankful that he did not look like his father ; the platinum-blond hair and blue eyes were as if they were hers ; it was only the looks of his body that he was in a manner of the older, that he looked like his father. Mister did not acknowledge her, but instead she turned to the television and started to clean. Madi was already on the chart in height and weight, according to his pediatrician. In his lifetime, he only saw Mister twice in his life , the day he was born and the day he came home from the hospital. He didn't care about the pictures and emails sent by Mister. With the rising professional football career, he didn't want to be tied down with his mother's responsibility , he wanted to spend his time on the field until late at night. She never wanted to hurt him and she never wanted to harm him. She liked her newest cousin and wanted to be the best godmother she could. When she came out of the room she found that the man had not yet moved in, 'yes, buddy,' as she called him. A little over eight years old, Aidan had spent a lot of time with her grandparents, and that in turn had made it so that she also spent a lot of time with Aidan. as her mother's first child she spent a lot of time with her grandparents, and that in turn meant that she was in her grandfather's house a lot. as a young child she spent a lot of time with her grandparents, and that in turn meant she sat around with Aidan, who was a lovely boy. She went up to the couch and took him out, and it struck her that out of everyone that he would see today he was most excited to be with Aidan and her black lab, Mrs. . She laughed. " Yes, I'll be playing with Mr. Autson too, too," she said, laughing. "I'll be sure to see the beau too ..." " He slid into the driver's seat, as gavin hesitantly walked around the passenger's side. " She answered him with a smirk. "I think I'll let you drive my car. " he mumbled to the wife. ' We'll see you there in a few minutes,' she called.