he slapped the steering wheel with his fingers. He had tried not to pester Megan with too many calls and texts, but after the tenth he would say, “How are you all doing?” She pleaded with him to keep calm and put his head to work. Seeing how quiet the house was, he asked: “Where is the master?” “And what?” “Pavrick came in and got him, along with Noah and Caroline a little while ago . .” she shook her head at him and smiled, “How are my girls doing?” “Oh, they’ve been sleeping all day.” Pesh nodded. “And how about my girls?” he asked pleasantly. He was glad to know that he had not been alone in this world for long. Although he wasn’t the father of the master, his love for him was as strong as if he had been a part of his conception, and he had loved him as though he had been a part of his conception. However, although he was no longer the master’s biological father, his love for him was just as strong as if he had been a part of his conception. In the end, however, since he had been able to take him home, he had felt an even stronger bond with him than before, and especially with him. At the sight of Megan asleep on the couch next to a frilly pink pack n play, his chest was filled with so much love and pride that it seemed to explode. Megan smiled. "I'm so glad to see you." he said. - You don't have to stay with me. , you don't have to stay here with me . . . Aidan comes to dinner . . . he smiled. The two girls are identical, which doesn't resemble the tales of old wives. However, when it comes to twins, it's not so strange. Aidan hasn't received any medical exams and she has come to see me at the hospital. After having his surgery, she has come to the hospital and has been in the hospital a lot. Even though it had terrified Megan a little at the thought of two babies to care for with Morgan, Pesh was very glad. Although the pregnancy and the birth had terrified him a little, he was thrilled. Fortunately, Megan had good health, although he was advised to take early pregnancy leave to stay off her feet; after her clinicals, he had been employed at the WellStar Hospital, where sometimes they were at the same time - a lot of money - but the luck of the clinic did not frighten her, but she was glad of the well-being of the child, and even though he was very scared at the prospect of having two little children, he was also delighted. when they learned that they were getting young, he and megan had decided to give them both the indian and the irish names as their combined heritages. Maya, which meant princess and honorable in the indian, was married to katherine, to honour emma, whose middle name was Katherine . . .