– Well, that’s how it should be, eh?’ he said, smiling, ‘and thank you . . .’ With a nod he nodded in agreement, ‘a nice spread, eh?’ he added with a wink. ‘Don’t talk about his great, rich Irish name,’ he added, with a wink, ‘not to mention the fact that he’s been given some very fine Irish names . . .’ eh? he said, smiling kindly, ‘ah, I feel the best this pregnancy of all, even more than the others. If you ask me, three and two years ago, I’d have been worn out at the time, but it’s amazing how good I’ve felt.” – he smiled, and then shook her swollen belly. – oh, phlegmatically, pesh, sweeping her bump, gently patting it, - he gave a soft laugh. Aidan and Emma had found out the sex of their third, and final child the week before, and they had chosen the name of “Merchant Liam,” which had been given them by Aidan. – And what is more, it is really a very sweet name that he is given.” A scream from the living room frightened Pesh. He took sara into his arms, taking her in his arms. “My good sir,” she called out, and gave sara a kiss in her arms. Aidan’s smile widened as he held his daughter in his arms. He took her in his arms, and Aidan began to take her to him in his arms. Aidan, to his amazement, thought that the time was right to perform the vasectomy and to liven up. Aidan thought that the time was ripe for his vasectomy and he was ready to let it take effect. As emma was gathered in the dining room, along with patrick and aidan, to put the children in the dining room, Pesh was busy cooking up the formula. Having fixed the two bottles, he snatched them and went to the dining room. As emma worked to get the kids and patrick and aidan together round the table, Pesh began heating up the formula. As the bishop recited the blessing, Pesh was very grateful for the blessing. It was three years ago that the dining-room would have been empty; probably he would have gone home to grab something or finish some leftovers; but now he had a beautiful, loving wife, one who he had become a little fonder of each and every day; across from him he had a son who was strong and healthy.