She had two daughters, a girl he hoped could be her future, and he had the love and support of good friends and family. Yes, I know that she is in her role as the newest and most pop-star in the world, but we talked about this incessantly. he was a man with a few hundred thousand people around him and, with the other hundred thousand, he showed her how she was dressed, and that she was not going to change anything overnight. He was calm and just, sitting there on the stage, he had a fine look, and he looked like a man with nothing on his mind but enjoying the show. I did not expect anything else, and what drove me mad was the two-piece bikini she was now wearing, or more specifically, when one of the men, who was wearing the dress, undressed her on the stage ... and now everything is in my head, everyone is in our f——! now it is time to let go of the cat, and everyone is in our f——— f---ing. We had been hiding our affair for two months, and that was only because of my high security. I was, after all, a man of action, I have learned from the savage world of finance that there is no other way to be. I must also find out what moves i had to take in order to obtain her. i need to know how many men were in the audience who were not dressed in high-fashion, as they were going down the runway. i knew she was the most magnificent, sultry and hot and sultry, with a kind of old world air about it. when I finally looked up at the stage, my breath was like a breath. I didn't know what she was, but from the reaction of the crowd, I saw that she was a special person; before she opened her mouth to sing the place had gone mad. if she were married, i'd take her back. if she were married, i'd take her back. I pulled my phone and cancelled the dinner date, and essentially ended the six-month relationship i'd barely had with another woman , if i had anything to say about that, it would be permanent or until I got her. .. ‘Normally i sent one of the little blue boxes to reassure her, but this time there was no time and i had to do it the next day. She got a little upset on the phone, and i had to remind her of the words I had spoken to her on our first date.