, but let us stick to that , we met and met, and in a split second we found out all we needed to know. the program said she had a final performance, so I sat patiently and waited. after the phone call, i sat and watched the anorexic horses as they danced up and down the stage. i didn't really appreciate the other men's comments that evening, but I had to admit that she was f****** hot, as one of them had said. besides, i didn't like other people's comments that night, and I had to admit that she was f****** hot, as one of them had said. Though i didn't take kindly to the words of the other men who were around me that night, i had to admit that she was, as one of them had said. I was still waiting for the one who had left the stage, and i smiled quietly to myself when I heard someone behind me say that he was going to move. " When she came out the second time, I actually sat down. It was not the only thing that went ramrod straight. We looked at each other with our eyes, and a moment later I saw all I needed to know. She was on her side surrounded by a multitude of people who tried to push her through a doorway to the back. i pushed her up and down, pushing her body to her side, letting her go ... she did not really have a choice, for i had no intention of letting go of her. ... when i found a vacant room, which turned out to be some sort of shed, i did something i didn't remember ever doing, but had been dying to do for the last hour . . . i leaned one leg between hers and squeezed her body into the chest, - do you feel it? - i pressed her hand against her frantic heart. - arose from her lips a taste of strawberries that suddenly intoxicated me. - - i pushed her hand to her bounded heart. - 'feel it, feel it,' - i pressed her hand against her feverish heart. - I pressed her hand against her beating heart. - - "You fuck it all! I covered her skirt with my suit jacket and drew her under my arm, as we went to the valet stall, where my bugatti had been brought in less than five minutes. ... i held her hand in the car all the way to my home in the car . . . i felt her pulse beat in her chest, and i could see her fear in her eyes.