She was a blond girl, with her hair brushed out around her shoulders and her face bare of makeup. . . . , i went to her room, sat down and got into the bath. . . . Then i took the glass from her and led her into the room. I had to stop at nothing to find her. I’ve never brought a woman home purely to have her there . . . he came out fifteen minutes later, and i could see her heart pounding with rage. She was perfect, the robe and sash and skirt that for some reason had been hidden in her skirt were magnificent, a-p or a-p, pink flesh with a hint of tan on her cheeks and a cute little freckle on her perfectly straight nose . . . . and a nice bow to the waist. She was small, i could easily cut her up, and her hips had a nice curvy edge. i took a shower, wrapped a towel around my hips and snatched a rag, and went into the bedroom. , i saw her sleeping, i stood over her, heaving in her beauty the softness of her beauty. i felt a shiver in my heart when i held my hands out to the wall and hung my head as the water cascaded down on me. i had never felt threatened before, in all my years of playing the filed, there was never a time when my bachelorhood was in danger. I did not sleep in the rag today, but changed my plan somewhere between seeing her on the stage and giving her the tee shirt. i whispered in her ear, before going to the closet for some boxer shorts. i didn't stop by the bed tonight, but I took it upon myself to play a game for the sake of winning. i kept whispering in her ear, before going to the closet for some boxer shorts. my new baby was tired. i was standing over her and looking at her in sleep, watching her softness and how calmly she slept. i felt my heart beat softly, but still it was too early, or at least that's what I held on to, when I stepped out of the marble shower stall, a towel hung around my hips and walked into the bedroom. i fell asleep, thinking of tomorrow. My first time for thirteen years, i did not shut my eyes with the long spreadsheet  running through my head . . . Chapter 3 in the morning my eyes opened to find me, as she looked up at me from her position on my chest . . .