I didn’t think he was in any way related to me. It’s like no one ever happened to me. But last night, while he was on stage, I noticed something that drew me, something that called me to me, something a little scary. But if he had not approached me, he’d have been quite unlucky not to have found me. When he told me what it was he wanted to talk about with someone else, I wouldn’t have been so foolish as to let him have it. This day was the lowest point of my life. I’ve never been into the amateur scene, so when I met Donnie, I thought I’d found my soul mate. I spent my life with him, and when he came to me unexpectedly, he suddenly got angry, angry enough to strike me for questioning him; then he revealed the truth to me. He called me a stupid little farm girl with rose-colored glasses, as he put it, everyone is a drunken pig. He was only a man with whom he was working, because he thought he would benefit from my coming out with the hottest new number in the music world, which he did. He had only been with me because he wanted to be with me, because he thought that being with me would open doors for him, and that it did. After a few months, it seemed that we had once again become an object of news. Of course, I knew him, everyone did, the self-made billionaire who came from nothing, the guy who, according to him, was always the first to make the appearances, and since he was my first, that girl could see his infidelity and turn her blind eye, because, according to him, I would never find a better man, because everyone in the business is a cheat. he put me in the room, he put me in a corner, he just had to beat me after a performance, he was a good man after all. but that day he cornered me one day after the rehearsal and told me to go, just get on with it, I was just an ace of an old man. from my memory, his parents were poor, he weighed boxing at a high school, got a scholarship to an ivy league university, but he focused more on studying. he was called the miracle kid of the city. it was all very good, although the miracle kid was not quite right. the first thing that caught my attention was the tattoos on his chest and arms. The suit certainly did not prepare me for that, and there was something piercing in his cock. He washed me in his own body ... he reached over me with his hands and moved slowly, as though he were paying me homage ... - I love your body, you, you king ...