- - I wanted to talk about the love life of Emma. - - As soon as emma called on people to sit down, Aidan laughed at Megan, saying - "Will we eat or not? " A man is too timid , of course, I don't want to know why you are talking about Emma's and my love life now. - he walked off with a wink, and he followed the other guests, leaving Megan wondering why the two were so curious about the love life of Emma and her husband. As soon as the sun dipped, most of the guests went out. Megan's parents took a sleepy maid home, and promised to stay to help Emma clean up, and the truth was that she wanted to spend as much time as possible with her husband. - - Leaning forward in her chair, she asked: - Was it ever for you to be a doctor? - . and yes, we are ready to eat . . . . so you are very pleasant to the interrogator, ”he added, cocking her brows, “and then you are not answering my question.” “Yes, no, I did not feel the need to become a doctor, my father did not want me to go into a profession where i would not be useful. . . . ” he raised his hands in despair. . . . So you always felt the need to help people, right?” he asked, rubbing his elbows on the table. “I’ll go and make an interrogation of you,” he said, turning her head and nodding. “What did you do?” he asked. “The most important thing was to know you. . . . You can see it. . . . as the oldest of the two brothers and sisters, he always stayed at my mother’s house, where my mother said that I was an old soul. . . . “Well, that’s all right,” he said, “and I’m sure you’ve always wanted to help people. . .” - asked the question, - she replied - he sighed and said, - was you married? - he did not say - no, I am not divorced, and, no, mason's father does not own anything to do with him ... and he did not give up his son and his responsibility. - yes , you would be right , I know nothing of him, but I know that he is not a man , a man does not abandon his children and his responsibilities ... he is just a child playing with himself ... he says he is a boy and a man, ' she says, looking down at the table.