- he said - he was an unshakable man. He was a know-how of women. I've never been very territorial in my possessions. I don't share things with you, I don't ... but i don't know why i am this way ... i'm not sure why, i'm not sure what it is. and I also read of his exploits with the rest of america, and he was a known man to the lady. He said my ideals were old and outdated. Apparently, it was against the new social norm to want to have a meaningful relationship that would last longer than the time it takes to scratch an itch. I do not know why I am here, it is because i do not know why, it is only. - i know, you know me, you know that i have never been a monk. - Stop worrying, like i said, what was in the past is now, the past is still the past ...  - that is exactly what he wanted to ask, would he find the question uncommon and stupid? - he said that my ideals were old and obsolete, that it was against the new social norm to want a meaningful relationship that lasted more than the itch can itch . she seemed a little frightened at first, and I knew that, as I had once been linked to my telephone and to any number of communication , till I learned to compartmentalize. we spent our time together, and if I was not kissing her, i did not dare risk getting hot and heavy with her again, because I did not trust myself to stop. i have never in my life fucked up a woman without protection and certainly not without a condom . i did not take into account my reasons for wanting to do it with her. I only know that the memory of her that night, the hiccup that had passed through me when our eyes met, was something that I was not willing to brush away, all I know is that the memory of her at that stage the night before, the awe that had flowed through me when our eyes met, was something I did not want to let go of , it was something that i did not know existed. When i took her home to her apartment on the other side of the park , i was trying to make my guesses, - you know, you don't have to walk me up, you know, I'm perfectly safe here ,  - princess , i'm considering it, no, no, it's no problem, i'm considering it, I'm wondering what to do. sent> it was becoming as she had become known, how the simple task of running out for a carton of milk had now become a monumental task . . . . That was something i was going to have to take care of . . . i was not sure what sort of protection she was in every day . . .