i had no doubt that she was clean and i was sure of that, but i somehow wanted that, wanted to begin things on the right foot. i ignored the little voice in my head that told me there was some ulterior motive behind my actions. I had no doubt that she was clean, and I was sure of that, but somehow I wanted that, I wanted us to start off right. I didn't see why he was always so attentive, if I should go the way he did, then this would change when he got what he wanted. he was like no other man i have known, except perhaps one . . . . he was like no other man i have known, except maybe one . . . i looked down on the stairs, and two men in suits appeared in the middle of the room and didn't seem to smile a day in their lives. I had seen my father treat my mother like a precious jewel all my life , it was not from a book, but from the way he looked at my mother when he thought nobody was looking, or how she looked at him when things went badly. It was like that in him, but once he had been burnt, and my heart was a little scared, it had only been a few weeks since it was broken , but here I was, with sweaty palms and weak knees, over that stranger whose name i hardly knew. He looked down at me, he had squeezed my hand and looked down at me , he had, of course, taken the stinging hand, and held it, a little to my ear. ' I told you, the weekend was a day of getting to know each other, a few things I grew aware of.' He smirked as he helped me into the back of the coachman's car, he had told me about my fear of needles and held my hand, and talked to me, the doctor and the nurse, before having to be seen to. ' ' ' Yes,' he said, and that was the first star I saw. It did not take long and soon we were back in the coachman's carriage. ' I told you, the weekend was about meeting one another, I learned a few things . . . is that . . . yes, that's so . . . " he said a hundred times before we got into the car. ' ' How did you know what I was thinking?' he said. ' he was planning it and had warned all the staff not to give me the star treatment, because he saw many people interested in me, but they were no more than friendly greetings. i almost called john, when the hours dwindled by, and still no call. At the end of the day, at the very time when the time had come for me to call, the messenger came with the money. i had no conscience about opening the money, and reading the money back.