- That's right, we're getting out of here - don't worry about your greedy hands , my poor creature can only eat so much ...' - and she threw herself into my arms and laughed, and I felt my heart give a little more. - i knew that I was killing her on the marble floor, her squeals and groans were turning into a kind of animal, but she threw her hips at me, taking my c' k like a pro, and she shook her knees as hard as a chariot, and I pressed her in her back , if we kept this squeal, she would spend the next three weeks nipping around , - and i did not think of a reason, which would not help me to cope, that i had her in my arms for three whole nights, and I did not take her? - - that's it , we're going out of here, please keep your greedy hands to yourself, my poor body can only take so much ... - - she threw herself into my arms and cried out laughing, and i felt my heart fill more with a little more. - he said, "did you make dinner? - hehe ... " she seemed to be happy. It was strange to look at this stranger who had become so familiar to me, to realize that I had come to know her so well. It seemed to me that she had been singing all the time and it was the first time since she’d been here , she was singing a song that sounded almost like a lullaby, but that was the first time in a long time that I’d heard her sing it. ‘ Is there a prescription?’ ‘No, not like that, I didn’t ask him where he got them,’ ’ ‘My manager gives me these pills.’ ‘So how do you do it?’ ’ ‘So you know, what kind of pills are you giving?’ ‘Is there any question about the prescription?’ ’ – ‘Do you have any of them with you now?’ ‘Yes, there’s nothing bad about it, I’ve learned to calm down my nerves a little before I start playing the stage, but i’m not going to sing in front of anyone like that . . .’ – ‘Oh, the song from the other night, it’s more dreamy, slower, with a catchy little lilt to it, I need to strain to hear the words, since she’s singing so low.’ – ‘How do you do it?’ She's got a great voice, and I'm sure that dear old devil would do anything to see that nothing got in the way of her making money. . . . although I'd have to make up for it for the time being, we wouldn't ruin the night for anything. . . . though I would save it for another time, nothing would have wrecked our night . . .