, she walked in front of me, rubbing her neck with my arms, and kissing her long and deep, sharing her taste. , i loved how responsive she is, how she glows as soon as i put my hands on her , i licked her with the tip of my tongue, not touching her pu y slit, but in the meantime dipping my tongue into her pu y, letting her pour out her juices in a hurry, so that he could no longer remember . . . , oh ... oh ... oh ... ” she slid down to her knees and studied my c - k, dipping her tongue and licking the hair of my c - k . . . she was a kind of enigma, shy and blushing one minute, he touched his chest, and my c - k bitten into my cock's chest. , teasing me, he cut my throat, he licks me hard and squeaky. . . . She began to swallow whenever I said so, and only when I was in the mood to paint her face, her hair, her tummy, or the small back of her back. Her voice had already gone from soft to soft, and I felt her body stretch as if expecting a blow. She figured out how to swallow without crying, and swallowed, as quickly as she could, before I could catch up. She was so anxious to make the last splash. But you, my dear lady, have had girls before; did you feel like that with them? “You haven’t had them yet, but it’s just that they never have any. When they did, the green-eyed beast leaned back in a hurry, trying to rear its ugly head. ” Oh, that’s how you’re wrong, my dear lady; I’ve had so much experience, and I can’t match you. ” When it came, it shook the brown beast in its wretched steps, who slammed and scrambled like a clown ... you’ve had so much experience and if you haven’t you’re not ready to match that! ” I tenseened as if waiting for her reply. When it was over, he lifted the green creature who was scrambling, which was tense, as if he were expecting a blow. I saw the soft gleam of tears in her eyes, and pulled her close to kiss her forehead ... ” she shook her head and bit her lip. ” “So you see what? have you ever felt it with anyone? . . .” “The same thing happened with me, too, little fellow, and the next time you doubt what we have, just remember those few minutes. ”