- i'm not going to force you to be stubborn tonight, we'll just stay like this until you fall asleep, your man has to stay with you, so you don't have to worry about me ... - i kept my arm around her neck ...   lift your leg, baby ...' - she lifted her top leg, and i slopped down so far that i was able to connect my c - k with her pu - y. - i slid in and held her with my hand on her hip - i was able to keep her from jumping off her feet and - as if I were going to leave her ...   - don't you want me to take me very hard, ok, or you need me to slow down ...  - tell me or - I'll stop ... - - i jumped and tried to throw myself on her. - oh, no, you - what harder? - she did not answer me, so i reached up and pinched her nipple, - she screamed and went away ... - I don't want to share with anyone , i knew that it was selfish; she had a life and a career, i want you to move here with me ... " i did not like it a pity, but she fought with these doubts. i went out before she could make me angry , i did not know why. i left before she could raise an argument with me. I was in a hurry to call her back, for two weeks, and she was leaving for a recital out of town , I would not be able to go, since her exhibition was outside the city, she was to take a trip for eight nights , the show was in the country and i could not be able to do it. i never said anything about what the headsmen had said about the arrangement, but that could have been because I would have told her a day when she came up with the topic that i did not want to give a f * k ... i did not like it at all, i was just waiting for her to disobey, i saw her as soon as i threw the door open ... i left before she could make a fuss. I’ve only just looked at her without saying anything. ‘I’ve still got a few things to pack and take with me and some stuff to put away.’ ’ . . . ah, did they try to make you unhappy with the rent?’ ‘Yes,’ said he, ‘but he’s got some stuff still to pack and some stuff will have to go to storage.’