- a few minutes later she looked down and rung her hands. - a minute later she jumped up and grasped the buttons on her shirt. - - what - the restaurant? - - a minute ago she was walking towards me. - i'd come back with my leather strap and she looked at it and tried to get away - i didn't want to look back, - you didn't give me any chance to tell you, you had the chance to tell me this nonsense before leaving - oh , don't do that, you did not want to cause this to be worse than it already is - i'm going to be told. - i'm not going to listen to it , - you had the chance to tell me the joke before you left here ... " - i, by the way, was half in the way, - i didn't turn her over my knee , i was too angry to make this , i pushed the belt down on her feet and knees, pushed against me, - if you want to see it, please ... please ... please... don't make me say anything again - - - - i did not want to hear, - - i did not want to hear it, you had the chance to tell me that shit before you left here ... i stepped on the bed and turned her round. I stood with my legs on either side of hers and slightly bent over her, so that i could drill into her. i didn’t take the time to prepare her for it, it was punishment, I was going to use her body tonight for my own pleasure, until i was free of that burning anger. I did not take the time to prepare her, this was a punishment, I wanted to use her body tonight for my own pleasure until i was free from this burning rage. In the three weeks we’d been together, as hard as I’d tried to take her king, but didn’t tonight, because she was still having trouble taking my cock. i jumped onto the bed and turned her round a little. , i pulled her head back, i pulled her head back so that I could see through her eyes. I saw pain, but there was also lust in it, as i tore her cock with my cock. ... - i pulled on her hair for emphasis and bit her lip. - i loved the f -k me sounds he made as I f * k her, my c - k ring was coming at the right time, and she started pushing back to try to get more of my twelve inches inside her. - , - i was so pissed that i stopped, because i knew that her tight little pu - y was not able to handle much in this position, not soon, and she would have to have lots of f * king before that could happen without me tearing her ...