We were together for long weekends on a whim; we played, laughed, and the longer time went by, the more in love with her. i never took my eyes off hers, I wanted to see what was in her, what words could not be said, because there were not enough words . . . when i came, i held her lips with mine and moaned into my lungs, as she offered me her sweet nectar . . . ” ” she had lifted her legs over my waist, drawing me in closer. , she raised her legs around my waist, pulling me in. i never reverted to her eyes, but I wanted to see what was there, what words could not be said because there were not enough words , when i came , i grabbed her lips with mine and embraced her moans into my lungs, letting me feel her sweet nectar ... ” , she twisted around me and cried out at my admission . chapter 8 , things settled down somewhat after that, and we lived a quiet life for about a month and a half. I did not want to upset her so close to the performance and had only just got the last result , because the lawyers were very skilful with their theft , it was too bad for them, i know how to follow the money trail, i only need a scent . , I saw him, he didn’t look, he looked at me, he paid attention to every little thing, he shielded my body with his, he surrounded me whenever we went out, he always seemed to touch me when we went out, he ran his hand through my hair as we sat together watching a movie. i loved his love for me especially. , he’s been such a lover, he’s like a girlfriend if it seems strange to you, he’s so much more than a boy. I’ve told my family about him and father and they’ve been in private conversations for the last few weeks and even seemed to love him and accept him, though it was so close to his age. then there were rumors of us sneaking around together. i thought trace would lose his temper. Then there were the rumors that we were going to steal it, and one tabloid even published that same suggestion. i thought trace would lose his temper. he’d even burst out crying even if he didn’t care for it. he’d found this lady who specialised in helping people like me, and she’d been able to give me these exercises that helped calm me before the performance, and it was a process, but so far it seemed to be working. It's a wonder that wonders do not cease? Of course we were on the point of crunch time. He had said he was pleased with the whole show, but as the time drew nearer he could see that the tic in his jaw had gone to work.