I sat away from her all the way in the carriage and she kept glaring at me in my direction, i kept my face straight, my fists clenched, i was keeping them between my thighs. if i did anything else, i was afraid that I would strangle her. I didn't think you could slap me, i slapped her, i slapped her, i slapped her a few times, if i went on like this, I slapped her, it was as if that was the reason. There was something strange about my heart, it was beating, but somehow it was not moving in the right way, i felt a buzzing in my ears and I suddenly lost sight of my feet. . . . well, that made me furious , i slapped her and i didn't want to do anything else , i slapped her, but I didn't want to marry someone who didn't want to, so . . . I just found out, I wanted to tell you , I asked you yesterday, and you gave me a blank . . . - i thought you did not want me , I thought ... " and then ... you thought you were going to talk about something that would piss me off , if i say no, it means f * king - he’s talking about your child ... you retrace my footsteps ... you can ... save it , i said to you once i would not pay for what that princess* k elicited from you. - i was waiting for you to finish that before giving it to you ... not that he's clear, let's talk about that tassel you pulled yesterday ... i pulled her into the wardrobe and brought her into the safe, i'd been holding it in the chest for months, it took me a few attempts to figure out what the princess* k wanted me to do , if you did not want me, then i'll always know that it was because of your precious child ...  i thought you did not want me, I thought...    if i say no, it means that you want me to leave your kingdom, you make a joke like this , that's your only warning to the future princess, you will not take pity on me , I will be kind to you on certain matters, but you can't take pity on me, not now, not ever. I did not make love to her that night. Not for punishment, not for anything like that , I think i was just overwhelmed a little, if you wanted to know the truth. I went from extremely pissed and ready to warm her up, to finding out that I was going to be a father or a dad. . . . Instead of helping her get ready for bed and holding her back as she grew tired of the long day and night. . . . Once again I recalled the years of my childhood, of always wanting, never having, never having and never expecting, hunger, humiliation, all the things you can expect from a child neglected by the parents . . .