No, I can't say I felt sad, because he was in every way a perfect wife and husband. he'd moved heaven and earth to make it and it was beautiful. i had to arrange some office, which meant that there were very few breaks between the cities, but he wanted to be done before he had time to show. Then, after about five months, he somehow managed to leave his job and accompany me. he got the time to come and go from work, but the times were extremely short, he was very nervous. he leaned over me, holding my hand and he said, 'We can make the proposal today.' he looked at me and said, 'You know, we can make the proposal today.' he gave me one of his looks and that was it . he was right you didn't have to be half naked on stage to make a point. he was totally fascinated with my body, especially after i began to show. he spent at least an hour playing with my stomach and talking long and long with the people in there. Now, though, I think he was reaching his limit. He is very fond of my body, especially since I started to show it, and there is n't a day he doesn't spend at least an hour playing with my belly and talking with someone who's in there , but now, however, I think he's reached his limit . , he was ready to rip the poor woman's head off before she could explain, he laughed and cried as he heard his loud exclamations fill the room. - oh oh! oh oh! oh! oh! oh! oh! oh! oh! - he, he was ready to tear the poor woman's head off before she had explained , he had not listened until the doctor - oh oh! oh oh! - oh! - he never lifted his eyes from me, after he had pounced on me, he had to tell me about him soon - for long - he couldn't hide him. - i give up and press the number 2 on my old flip-phone to call my best friend allison. thankfully, she answers - and my excitement breaks into a wild jig of my tiny dorm room . . . - oh! - allison screams on the other end - she knows - she knows ... oh! ... oh! - oh! oh! - that's here, too,' allison says when she finally takes a breath. - that's miriam, the third member of our little group - he was the third of the three who were friends of mine in my freshman year and supported me and sheltered me in the first three years of school. -  - I'm so proud of you , I think it's all the hundreds and hundreds of hours you have spent in that moment!"