“I always assume he’s sitting in the back with the others, but he always sits in the front row, he’s quick to raise his hand to give an intelligent answer. With his look, his money, and his popularity in lacrosse and crew, he attracts women like a magnet. I always hide in the middle of the classroom, I’m a little shy in those big lecture classes, i’ve never been brave enough to talk to him, and besides, he’s always got a different girl on his arm. I pick up a little lipstick from the drug store and sit at my desk, the only thing i have to wear tonight is a simple, slinky black camisole with a lace pattern, which i bought at the mall despite miriam and allison’s sneering. i didn’t know what i was buying it for then, but it’s the kind of shirt i’ve seen other girls wear at parties. Besides, he’s always got another girl on his arm. i take out the drugstore makeup that i bought from the pharmacy and sit down at my desk. i look on a man and he is distracted by them, like a beam that pulls him in. Chapter two - a spring night shivers on my face, i walk over the university to meet cara and her friends, i pass other students who have come for the night, and i feel happy to be among them - i smile a little, - i stand a little and kiss him. - I ' have a lawn-room,' a friend of mine rachel asks, - " God , i can't believe you have a lawn-room! no nonsense - oh yes, well, they're the best parties," she assures me, 'I wish , it would have taken me far less time to write these papers,' - i nod at myself, 'it's so good, it's all in one, ' i said. ' I, of course, have had enough, but I am ready for a party, ' i said, with a laugh. ' Cara says you've never been to a party before,' asked marie, the boss of the party, 'and no, I never went, I suppose,' i replied, obliging, 'I was surprised, that you have a party here,' she assures me. ' You're,' says the friend of the party, 'are you an artist or something?' ' ' Yes,' says the friend, 'who knows if you're a genius,' says her friend, 'the devil take it! The smell of beer wafted in from the crowd of people as we entered. We could only be able to see the lights of the main room, and my feet felt like sticking to the sticky floor. The light of the room was just barely able to illuminate the throng of people gathered round us. The sour smell of beer welcomed us. “Cara, my girl!” said the tall, devout man, sweeping her into a embrace.