i got so desperate for dinner tonight, so much for him, and it was so rude. . . . a hot tear dripped from my eyes and threatened to burst forth . . . he said, glancing at him, he was so embarrassing. I felt so ashamed in my life, I had so many hopes for him, and he ended up being so gross. . . . the chapter 3 begins, and I feel myself moving into the next room, and not studying the day before, but this last night , I was distracted, and it is almost impossible to study now . . . i pull my phone out of my pocket and hurriedly send a text to cara: “Hey, you have a terrible headache, oh, now go back to my room. . . ” , i whisper to my mother, and then i raise my hand to my mouth and wipe my lips, smearing my lip gloss with it. . . . he started by pointing to his eyes, he was so rude. – oh, I’m so excited to see you!’ she says. ‘We have a reservation for 7 p.m. at decanter’s – we’re only two miles from campus. – could she and pierce be engaged and she wants to tell me in person? – yes, that’s a pity, – yes, why not? – oh, that’s great! – the woman is so willing to do everything for her, but they don’t seem like the kind of men she seems to be. – people are so eager to do everything for her, but they never seem to be the right kind of people. – when i came to the place, my dad turned out to be so sour and we broke up, and she had no business with us, being a twenty-two-year-old woman, – when I came to stay, my dad renounced us, and she had no idea how to make a living with a girl like that. – oh, how excited I am to see you! – she says – and i scowl. – the fine ladies, my dear, are so willing to help her, but never seem to be the right ones – people are so eager to help her, but never seem to be the right kind of people, for she has always had such admirers, and never had to help herself. – As great as it is for me to have a yard-room, it is not all . . . the way nate's body looked in the low light of the room . . . the little tuft of hair that showed above his boxers . . . . the way he looked at me . . . as if to broaden my horizons a little. . . . I realize that i am tugging at my hair, squinting, shaking my head. I have to fix it.