i walked into the decanter, and i saw my mother in a prime booth, in a corner, in a corner. i looked around. i saw her eyes, she was so delighted to see me approaching. . . . she was in the wash-stand, she was in the anteroom, she had her hair a little lighter than mine, a long, rather short bob almost to the shoulders, and she had a perfectly bright tooth behind her deep red lipstick. . . . it was a talk that was repeated in our house: she wanted me to dress a little more feminine, a little more 'stupid' - as she put it, this is a common thing ... she always wants to dress a little more feminine - a little flattering, as she says. . . . well, i am so excited for you to meet pierce. . . . he was just in the bathroom - he, he, he, he ... holly, I would think this was your sister if i had not , if i did not ... Well, we’re engaged,’ my mother cried out. ‘It was a match made for you, then, and now you’re married,’ my mother suddenly cried out. ‘It’s been six months since you’ve been married,’ she said. ‘Well, we had planned to wait till my son came, but then – ‘Well, we’re married,’ my mom suddenly cried out. ‘Oh, yes,’ she said, glancing at him, ‘but no, no, not to be angry.’ ‘But you’re anxious,’ my mother asked me, ‘but not to be upset.’ ‘We’re just trying to cover up what i really am feeling.’ ‘That is what you’re looking for, brynn.  And it’s just a dream of mine,’ she blurted out. ‘Is it you or not?’ my mother asked me in great confusion, ‘I’m sorry, ’ she suddenly flutters . . . I think that’s why it was. I can’t believe that it’s happening, that I’m in the middle of some strange nightmare and will wake up soon. Nate Thornhill is my new stepbrother, i’m quite shaken by it . . . stepbrother,’ he says, with horror. Chapter four, as Nate walks in towards me, I watch in slow motion as he hugs his father and shakes hands with my mother. ‘ This is Nate Thornhill, my new stepbrother,’ I imagine in horror. “Bynn, honey, this is Nate Thornhill, that’s his son,’ my mother says, cutting through the fog of my brain . . .