‘It’s a long way off,’ she says, glancing at the menu. ‘Well, congratulations, both of you,’ my mother breaks in. ‘I remember your name.’  a sly smile, ‘your name sounds familiar to me.’  a pleasure to remember,  a memory suddenly stirs in my brain after the waitress leaves to tell me what to order. ‘It’s a little, really, a little, but i have no idea what to order. You know that I work for a consulting firm in a town called K street, and we are still looking for a summer intern.’   a fancy, i thought you were going – ” his father replies, lowering his voice. ‘ Yes, ’ he replies, with a smile. ‘You know, i have a degree in political science, and i am trying to keep up with that.’  a fancy, a fancy, a fancy, a fancy ... and your other major?’  a fancy, a political science major, i am very interested in it. " - i tend to go to the office very early, but we have an extra car for you ... - - he turns to smile at me politely, - he puts his hand on my knee, - he moves it another inch up the bare skin of my thigh, - i feel the rough, calloused skin of his hand, - i feel the rough, calloused skin of his palm ... - he tries to hold my composure as heat drips from his hand and brings it all up to... - - - - - well, pierce and i are moving into pierce's house - he says, we live there now, and we are officially selling the old house, so - it's a great deal of space, beautiful views of the river - - it's a good thing to have the summer to be together and have family fun. - - - nate turns to smile politely at me, - he moves another inch on my leg, i feel the rough rough skin of his palm , i feel the rough, calloused skin of his hand - i never felt so on the way , he seems to know nothing. - I can hardly breathe. Nate took a small breath, and my mother seemed not to notice anything. As she moved her head to pierce nate’s ear to murmur sweet nothings, he moved my fork off the table and pressed it tongs – first into the top of nate’s hand. – With his other hand he drank a calm drink from his champagne flute.