he stopped, and he turned to me and smiled, a wicked gleam in his eyes, he turned to me and smiled too, he seemed to be in a frenzy to blame for his being there with his father. He turned to me with a false smile. He rushed to my side, but I could not get his hand to move away, and so he just shook it with his hand and so the fork did not hit my leg. . . . and the rest of the meal passed without nate making another false pass at me. . . . he turned to me and smiled at me, a wicked flash of light in his eyes ... this was a wild thing to see, honey ... and then he pushed his hand away, but I could not stop my hand in time to keep the fork from hitting my leg , he shook his hand a little and kissed me on the cheek. . . . he has already been made to pay me, he has been in a hurry, he has just left, he has got back to maryland, it will be under three hours, he says reassuringly, then kisses me on the cheek. She drives me home from the airport ... i don't normally go to school or university, but pierce insisted. ' I don't know what I've done to deserve it. ' - It's the house he has ... he has a servant! - she added, pointing to her right. - You can ask me anything about pierce, about me and pierce, and i won't be angry ... ' - it's his house, it's a castle, he's wonderful, he's always surprising me with gifts, he's even travelling with me, and you know, he is a great lady, he's always surprising me with little gifts, it's like a castle ... ' - oh, no, I can understand that, he's amazing ... ' - he said he would come to the apartment, but you'll get used to it , you know. ' - he said it , I said it, he said, pointing to her right ... he said he had a housekeeper and a maid who cooks for him, he used to have one and a half years ago, but now he does all this , he loves that he has someone to cook for again. After a long walking, which took me a good hour because the house was so big, my mother finally took me to my room. I was completely startled, because the secluded entrance is so mighty, and as we came down the carpeted stairs, i felt frightened to realize that i could smell nate in my nose. I was afraid of seeing him again and hoped to get to know him more quickly before our first conversation.