‘You don’t have to,” he says, a little gruffly. ‘ But it’s all the same to him, it’s like he was once at school. ’ he pauses, then he sits down a little in her abandoned chair.   hello, nate,’ my mother greets him.   would you like a sandwich?’ he says, putting his shirt back on, but the shirt has clung to his still damp torso, which emphasizes the muscular shoulders and ribs. ‘I think it’s just one of the things that have brought us together—having a child together.’   affixed to a door.  he falls his sneakers on the mat and shuts the door behind him. ‘What’s up with nate’s mother?’ he says, a little uncomplainingly.  affixed to a chair by the lawn.   hey, nate,’ my mother greetes him. ‘Would you like a sandwich?’ he says, sitting down again in her chair, a little reluctantly.  a pity,’ he says, as he lies down a bit hesitantly. - You know, honey, the brazier says you'll start your internship tomorrow, ok? - my mother says, and slides the sandwich in front of Nate. - a friend? - he tells me with excitement, - what a friend! - - it is not a friend, but a friend - so, so, and so for the rest of the summer, is it not? - nate punishing me for his father's favor, by pursuing me? - - oh, wonderful - - she's pretty, very pretty, and sweet - - i wish she wasn't so sweet, that I could hate her for a good reason - - he says, pointing out that he walked around nate. - oh, good. - I hold my eyes close. - i put the chicken on the plate, try not to see nate drape her arm around the back of dana's chair - she is pretty - very pretty , very sweet , - i wish she weren't so sweet, so that I could hate her for a good reason . - Chapter six - I pushed the chicken around my plate as if not to see Nate, he is slowly stroking a chair. “I'm going to clear up the mess,” i announced.  oh, thank you, brynn,’ pierce says, as I put the plates on top of each other.   oh, thank you, brynn, ” pierce says, as he lays the plates on top of each other.   i'm sitting down in front of him to take his plate.  oh, thank you, brynn,” pierce says, as he lays the plates on top of each other.