, i think you want me. You seem to have got into trouble, you seem to be unable to contain yourself. " , you know what I think," he asked, stepping towards me. - I started to pull back, but i felt one of the posts of my bed against my back. - So why are you pulling back? - he said, frowning. - he said, stepping towards me. - i felt the urge to pull my hair back again, but i didn't want to give him any satisfaction, - he says, - i pull back my hair. - if it's crazy, just tell me to stop, - he whispers - he whispers teasingly. - if it's a joke, just tell me to stop, - he says, teasingly. - i think you want me, you can't hold yourself back - that's a big arrogant thing, '' he says, scowling. - i feel a rush of desire in my stomach, the eyes are fixed on me, ' I felt that if I allowed him to kiss me, I would forever lose my power in our relationship, i would be just another pathetic girl who fell for his charms. - he looks at me for a moment, then he drops his bedpost and steps back. - he opens his mouth, is about to say something, but doesn't come out. - he leans back, allowing my lips to rub against his as he speaks, - unless you don't want to . - he looks at me for a moment, then pushes the bedpost off and walks back. - he presses his lips on the bedpost as he turns and moves towards the door without looking back, he keeps closing it behind him. - i'm so happy that there's another girl here, - - says Claudia, swaying, and sighing, he reaches up to the bed again - he is so glad that there's another girl working here , he says - "oh, he doesn't think that I rejected him. But this was a prank, and it never crossed my mind. I never felt the slightest touch of nepotism, and now it is a strange and uncomfortable feeling for me. - oh , i'd like to have lunch later this week, but i'm having lunch with my friend allison today , we're going to the university together, and she's been working for the planning office at the city of georgetown, so i'll get to see her. - cool. And georgetown has some very good shops.