The huge house is silent, as i walk up the steps and down the corridor. The house is silent as i walk up the stairs and down the corridor. My mom told me he got one at a university here in downtown. i drop my satchel in my bedroom and push the door almost shut behind me with my foot. i go down into the bath and turn on the elegant faucet of the sink. i tie my hair behind my head with a loose elastic and splash a little cool water on my skin. Before I understand what I am doing, before I can think of all the reasons not to do it, i slowly move my hands up to my back and undo the clasp at the top of the zipper, then unzip my skirt. i let it fall on my feet, and step out of it. i look down at the bath, pretending to be watching the last drop of water in the sink. A shiver of excitement is running through me at the idea that nate may be interested in me, he is watching me, he is standing outside my door, but he doesn't realize that I can see him. But the moment my mother calls me, she jumps up to me, and she rushes out of the door and I hear her footsteps, hurriedly refastening my bra. I saw your shoes,  i am going to you,  you home!  i heard her footsteps on the staircase, and hurriedly tosses my bra on my breast.  I came in – I wanted to hear all about your first day! – i freeze, embracing my bra on my breasts , i run up – i want to hear about your first day – my mother is gone. My life seems to have passed rather quickly in the first few weeks, mostly due to the fact that nate is always with his friends after work, and there have been a few strolls in the city. – There is an alarm system in my room – i must remember the code ... maybe some ungainly mouse is exploring the room – yes, the noises from downstairs are as if they came from the kitchen. I stand up, grab my bra and open it, and hear the slightest sound from downstairs – something has swung up from the downstairs. – I open the door and hear something shuffling down below – i step over into the corridor and see the bedroom doors all closed up – i tiptoe into the corridor and see the doors of all the rooms of the room – all the bedrooms are closed down, and i step out into the corridor and see all the bedrooms of the apartment doors are shut – i know the alarm system – i must remember the code – . . . he’s pounding the floor with something before him . . . . ha-ha, you’re bleeding!’ i ask, moving round him . . . . . he’s just working on something before him . . . he’s fiddling with something in front of him . . . ’