I had forgotten about it, he was in it, he had a cold sweat on his chest, and the stench of it is still on his back, as if from a tangle of hair between his nipsies. - he says, glancing up, but his eyes are not directed at my face , they are looking at my body, which I now realize is completely exposed in my thin, white cotton nightshirt. - he reached for the glass with his left hand, which was already closer to me, and then paused and took it awkwardly with his right. -  what is this? - he says, and his eyes pull up to mine. -  what is this? - he says, with his hands -   - he says, pointing to me, - what is that? - he says, bringing up his eyes, -  - what is this? -  - - what is that? -   , - what is it ? -  - "what is this?" - he says, glancing up at me. - ' I am done ... ' - he says, -  -  , -  - no, no, there is nothing. - "Then he's going to sleep," he says, turning to the back door. "I'll see you later," he says, turning to the side door. he continues, "the conversation that we had with my stepbrother and myself is over. . . . . i'm supposed to go and look at the Smithsonian Museums afterwards, so . . . . " i took a moment to rest, then walked back up the stairs. i went down the hallway and almost bumped into Ned in the bedroom. I was wearing a nice little one-sleeved frock coat, which he wore reluctantly in my room. I sat down and tried to sleep, but when i got up at ten o'clock , i stayed awake. . . . I thought it would get any weirder after this last peek at him, but it seemed that this candid glimpse of him made it even more difficult. I was not thinking that it would get any weirder after my last peek at him, but that candid glimpse of him made things even more complicated. . . . i turn to the pool, and hesitantly take the first step in the shallow end. It's nice; warm but refreshing, especially on a hot summer day. ... - i turn to the pool and walk kindly on the first step. It's paved with light stones before it turns to grass, and there are chairs and a table with umbrellas carefully placed around it.