He was a good man . . . but he sounds like a bad man . . . God, i don’t believe . . . . “he’s so serious, it’s as if you’re on your way to an appointment . . .” he pauses a moment. “Are you him?” he says, pointing to a schoolboy standing on his desk . . . . he is easily identified, he looks over my shoulder at it, his face looks exactly like his younger self. “Oh, good Lord, is that you?” i ask, pulling it up. It’s a schoolboy’s portrait of a boy in elementary school, with three rows of smiling little boys next to the teacher . . . nate can easily recognize him, and he does. . . . he’s nice, he’s just... sorry, maybe he’s just . . .” No sooner had my lips parted than my brain overtook me. Suddenly, with a sudden sound, I felt bolder than i have ever felt in this nearness to jackson. He nudged me slightly with his nose and his lower lip brushes me. I felt it move smoothly in my mouth. All my thoughts and my doubts evaporated, all my doubts and insecurities, perhaps he knows what he is doing, and I could trust him to hold my hand. His tongue moved deeper into my mouth, and his hands tugged at my chest. My arms wrapped around his neck and my fingers slipped into the hair that fell onto the collar of his polo shirt. I felt it stretch and rub my stomach, and he was placing one hand on my waist. i had kissed a few men over the years, but that kiss was something else. my thoughts melted away, all my fears and insecurities evaporated, and maybe I could tell that he knew what he was doing, so that i could let myself go, trusting in his hands. his tongue pressed more deeply into my mouth, and his hands were pulling me close to his chest. i put my arms around his neck and ran my fingers through the hair falling from the collar of his polo . . . to feel his mouth pressed tightly on my stomach as he slid his hand over my ass. ‘if you please,’ he says, ‘before he opens the door, wishing I could say a word, but i don’t. I open the door, close it quietly, and rush to my room. I lie in bed, reliving this night, trying to visualize all the turns it has taken.’ I kiss him, but I don’t believe it.