But now nate and I are due to meet at the same event: the annual Fourth of July celebration. The event is in our very own backyard and begins at noon with a crab boil, and goes on through until evening. Apparently there is a view of the country club’s annual fireworks display at the village of Thornhill. I’ve found that most things in life don’t live up to the expectation of my imagination, but this kiss is the biggest in my head. I feel myself reacting to the thought of a kiss on my lips. i pull on my new pair of gold-rimmed shoes and walk downstairs to see if my mother needs anything. i knelt down on the ground floor to see if my mother needs anything. i pull on my new pair of gold-rimmed shoes and walk downstairs to see if my mother needs any help. As I walk out the door, i realize I’ve misjudged the scale of the party. today nate and I must be at the same event: the thornhill club’s annual Fourth of July party. It’s in our own backyard, starting with a crab boil in the afternoon, and with fireworks all evening. My mother had to buy me a new dress for this occasion, and had even gone into the fitting room to make sure it was fit right. I felt a trepidation just thinking about it. Fortunately, it’s not too hot ; the temperature has managed to remain below ninety degrees. Fortunately, it’s not too hot, so the guests will be arriving in ten minutes. I decide to go down to the river, since I won’t be disturbed while they’re setting up. I turn to the right, my heel gets caught on a rock; i squeal and feel two strong hands grasp me under my arms, holding me up. ’ Wait, the freedom martini,’ the waiter says with a grin. ’ a splash on the other side of the big boulder strikes me in the face. I look at it and watch , Nate is standing there, skipping rocks with a smooth sidearm; i watch him so intently that he doesn’t want to talk to me. ’ he says, bringing me to his feet. ’ he says, pulling me along with his strong arms. ‘ Thanks,’ he says, taking me to the bar. - - It sounds ... dreadful ... but at least there's lots of free food. " He looked at me bemused. " I think you're not well. You're leaving your parents for a walk ... - he dropped his gaze - but it's only the way I grow up ...