and if he was an informer, then he might - (I remark). " - she was, I remark, a couple of years ago," she replied. - "Here, then, what are you going to do? - a journalist is going to talk about the sexual assault of women in politics, and she is going to be interviewed ... oh no, it's not what i meant - if he is a informer, then - - - and he may be a breaker, and he might have changed a lot in a short time, that's all. - i don't want to talk about that , that's not for his sake, but for yours ... - my mother nods ... i want that to be true, - i really want it , - if he did a informer, then -     -    - i don't want to say it , -   , if he informer, it's a dreadful thing, it's just something that happened long ago and it's changed ... I can't believe it,' he muttered, closing the bedroom door behind me. ' I just can't believe it,' he muttered, 'but there's a terrible knot in my stomach that tells me I'm a migraine.' ' thanks, honey,' my mother says, settling back on the pillow. ' I'd rather do whatever I want to do today than put a smile on my face and pretend everything is fine. But I know my mother's right: it would look odd if we both disappeared at the party. ' ' No, thank you, sir,' i answered, not knowing what to say. ' Then go down to the party, go down the stairs slowly. I want to do everything now, not smile on my face and pretend that everything is fine.' ' It's just that my mother is having a headache, I just wanted to see her,' i said impatiently. I wanted the sun to set as quickly as possible, and so i wait for the sun to set as quickly as possible, and stand up with my drink. There was a little silence; i could see him walking on, and excuse myself for my conversation to disappear into the crowd around the pool. I admired the place: the fine white lights, the well-behaved crowd, the murmur of some conversation in which we had been chattering a little. - a half hour or so, we had the fireworks over, and everyone was out. The catering workers lighted the candles on the tables and put little lanterns in the trees.