. . . well, you don’t have to play the fool with a madman.’ . . . ‘but why? What? why, if you don’t agree with me, then . . . so, tell me, why should I care?’ he says, stepping up to me. . . . and i’m addressing him: ‘Oh, my god, that’s it . . . I don’t have time to play games with a madman— a child.’ I said to him, and he turned to face me. ‘I know that jackson was not a good choice, but that’s not the case with greg, he’s a good fellow. . . . .’ There is a long pause as his pupils erupt, and i can feel him struggling with the truth, but he’s still avoiding moving on until he admits it. ‘Why, what’s the matter?’ he says, rising from his seat and walking over to me. ‘So tell me, why do you care?’ he says, and he cries out. he pulled the shirt off his chest, tossing it carelessly on the ground, revealing his incredible body, sculpted from the ground, with the help of thousands of hours of rigorous gymnastics on and off the field, and resembling a perfect painting for women, in an amazing body . . . it is so much I do not know what to think about, my mind is not clear, all my thoughts are scattered, and my body hurries me, weeping. He sits on his knees in front of me and leans forward and kisses me gently on the stomach. i cry out, and he pushes my right breast into his mouth and takes my nip. my knees buckle, and i grab his neck for support. I lie down before him and slide my hands under his shirt and finally feel the body that I long for , his abs are still more powerful than i thought they would be, they flex under my soft hands, and i keep squeezing my hands in the air and feeling his soft palms harden under my palms, and the bulge of his cock presses against my thigh ... i turn nate thornhill on me ... i am exhausted, and I feel that all my thoughts are lost, and my body is bewildered , the thought drives me crazy and i immediately feel like I am soaked with wanting, soaked with a sinful, violent desire, it is impossible to give up, no one has ever made me feel this way before , it is impossible to believe that a man can make me like that he drew my coat down a little and ran his tongue over the exposed skin. i felt his warm breath on my skin just as he was beginning to turn my mouth toward me, kissing and licking my most intimate places. . . .