, I know nothing. It seems to me that the licking is so gentle. It is completely new to me and I think it feels better than I could have imagined. He flutters his tongue over my heart-aching heart, tearing out and tearing out from all sides, and sends me reeling with joy. My body beats, and nate clings to me to keep me upright and pressed against his gentle mouth. As I come down, I feel his licks becoming gentler. he raises his finger to my lips and lays it gently into my mouth, licking and sucking his finger, thinking how amazing it would be to rub it to another part of him. My eyes widen as I taste myself on his lips and he pushes his tongue inside me with abandon. My eyes widen, and I glance down at him. He catches my eye and stands up, dips his head down and kisses me, still in my mouth. He draws his finger from my mouth and slipping it carefully in my tight pussy - he circles it slowly, and he grunts with delight at my wetness - oh, good God, nate ... ‘Yes,’ he says, ‘if I’m not very good , then – I doubt it. – oh, dear, it’s not the kind of conversation I want to have right now.’ he jerks back and looks me in the eye ... ‘But, you know ... oh, you’ve done something...’ he screams, and he starts laughing. – I feel his body stiffen as the words come out of my mouth – he pulls back and looks me in the face. – well, he says, ‘but what is that, you know, kissing...’ – he begins to be worried ... he rolls his eyes. – How... how are you a virgin?’ – he asks. – he doesn’t know what it is, but he just says it. – And, wait, was that the first time anyone has ever pounced on you – he begins to pull back and stare at me in the face. – he begins to look at me, – no, it’s not that – it’s just that – he says – he says – and – you know, you’ve kissed me ...’ You’re an ambitious man . . . but as I told you before, I don’t lie to women and say that I’m interested in something else, when I’m not . . .’    i guess I’ve forgotten about your policy, ” i reply firmly, feeling like the biggest idiot in the world . . . the biggest naked idiot in the world . . . can you close your eyes . . . just close them, ok?