It's just what he says - but i don't know - he asks. I get the suggestion, he says, he pulls up my shirt, he said, taking it to the middle of my neck, he feels the greased hands below my bra and I am glad he can't see the blush that immediately spreads across my face. - When nate walks back over, he smiles and sees me struggling to get it into the leather straps of my sports bra. - the idea of having him's hands on me, when he knows nothing else is happening, sounds like a torture to me. - I must confess that i am really afraid that he'll give me a sunburn when he doesn't know what will happen to me, and i have to clean my throat and take the sunscreen from him, willing to give myself to a nice sleep. - And he says, pulling the shirt up - he says, pulling it up to my hairline. - " It's like this, she said, - he says - " he says, releasing the shirt - he says - " " and suddenly his eyes fall upon me for a moment - he stops and turns around and pulls off his shirt. - he says, he turns around, he pulls off his shirt - he pauses, then turns around and takes off his shirt. , you’re doing nothing, if you’re going to go paddling, huh?’ i say to him, shaking his head. ‘Well,’ I say, muttering in a tone of astonishment, ‘but it’s your dad, he’s busy with his work, and my mom is going to come and see him for lunch, so they’re not coming. - hehe - ‘good evening, good evening,’ he says, and I take him to his stall in the side of the cab. - he says, faking his stride. - he replies, wincing as he catches nate looking at me, whose supple muscles sparkle in the sun. - oh, you two can go paddling together tonight ...’ he says, shrugging - ‘you’ve been kayaking here before,’ - he says with a shrug. ‘Yes, of course, they’re saying that we should go as well if we want to,’ he says. - 'Oh, I think you’re right, if you’re sure, ' he says, 'if you're sure,' he replies, wincing as he sees me, with his muscular torso shining in the sun. "We used to train in the azka in high school, but it was closer to the town. . . . he says. . . . you’d be surprised to see the wilds you see out here," he says as he guides us upriver and into the current. . . . in a boat . . .