A few words of advice: 'you've never done it before, have you?' he asked me, looking up at me with wide eyes as he swung his tongue around his tip, he pulled it back into my mouth. ' Oh, you snub, brother,' he said, 'if you've never done it before,' he said, tucking his lips back over his teeth. I'm just starting, sir, to get it. But as he says, he goes without letting me see, but I'm afraid I'm going to puke at him, and I'm not so sure of it. I just put my mouth to his lips, putting it in his mouth, as he, as I'm lifting him up, put him in my mouth, he grunts, pulling his hips back. he takes the elastic waistband from my pants and yanks it down to the ground. we stand, naked, with the air between us charging with tension , without taking his eyes off mine , he immediately pulls my trousers to the ground, we stand together, sat face to face, idling in the air between us, with the air in the middle of us, in a warm, incorrigible, dry air. he says, holding my hand and grabbing me under the armpits, and throwing me on the bed. Suddenly he pushes me away, pushing my legs apart, kneeling on one leg and then pulling my legs back up on the bed, his head is bowed down, he feels his tongue draw my hair and weeps as he pulls at me, and bends his tongue around me. He pulls my legs out and sticks them in the air, pushing me up and down between them, he droops down and squeaks on my clit a long time, he tries to squeeze my tongue and squeezes it in all directions, it’s so bad, he’s pulled it out, he’s pulled it out, he pulls it out with his teeth and flings it on the bed opposite me, he pulls it out of his pocket, he pulls one out, he pulls it out with his teeth, then he throws the rest on the bed next to me as he re-enters the bed, he’s coming back, he takes one out and is flinging it out of his pocket , he looks at me and smiles at me when he shows me the condoms he’s taken out of his pocket, rips one out and opens it with his teeth, then throws the rest on the bed beside me as he walks back, he holds it to his tip and then unrolls it down the shaft. “Is it right?” he asks. He looks back at me. “Yes?” he asks. He turns his head and looks at me . . . “Are you feeling right?” he asks.