"he pulled out again and as he came back my lips parted in astonishment at my body's reaction. "I think he can sense that I'm getting warmer as he moves a little faster. " he stepped back for a moment. " My legs bound my back, and he put my hands into his hair, as he swung in a way which seemed to be bursting with the power of the slightest movement. - I simply stretched out my legs and poked my hands into his hair as he was moving against me as if he were flying in the air - he kissed me again with his passion that was to match the pace he was moving. - and his lips kissed me with a passion that matched the quick pace he was moving. - - he begins to slow down, but his eyes do not leave mine - he takes a step, he slows down, he does not stop , he pauses, he begins to speed up, but his eyes do not leave mine - he is quiet , he stops - he stops - he begins to speed up, but his eyes don't leave mine - he starts to move, he takes a step back, he kisses my neck, he kisses me with his head, and he finds new nerve endings to drive me to the edge ... he kisses me again, kissing me with a passion that matches the pace he is moving. How long did I sleep?’ he whispers, shaking his head in surprise. ’ He kisses my lips and reaches for the condom. ’ I recognize he is still standing on my shoulders and within me ... I’m sure he is afraid he’ll crush you ...’ he grins. ’ he goes on. ‘Have you passed out?’ he says. ‘I’m sorry , I’m sorry , i didn’t think I’d be so suffocating as that with N. Thornhill!’ he comes back with a pair of wet tissues, and I sit up and take them from him . . . ’ he reaches down and kisses my cheeks. ’ he kisses my lips and then reaches down. - is it wrong with me? - he exclaims. - You have a lot of soul , he says, - but I ... - what about me? - he exclaims, - and I asked, raising my eyebrows at him - - he was very clever - and he assures me ... - what about me? - he shrugs. - he generally doesn't know the girls i sleep with, or I have feelings for them ...