he jerked his hand from my clit and leant forward, his palms spread over the comforter. my legs are still on his shoulders and I can feel good stretch in my hamstrings in this position. he swung his head and listened for a moment. - Nate, what are you - oh, god, nate! - he cried, and nate's eyes squinted at my face. - And the combination of his fingers on my clit and the cock in me hurriedly drove me mad. - as a violent rush begins to rush through me, I feel his hands pressing me on my shoulders and dragging me down with them as he comes in ... - he lifts his head and listens for a moment. - mmm, is it better? - he says with a wicked smile, and begins to kiss me on the middle of my chest as he falls to his knees on the floor. - Nate, what are you, - oh, God, - he shouts as he releases himself ... i'm also totally demobilized, he drives into me in serious a fever, his jaw tense, his neck tense, - he slaps me on the shoulders, - he has a good stretch in his hamstrings ... he said with a savage smile, kisses my chest in the middle of my chest, he falls down on his knees on the floor ... My body has to go in and out, but nate’s hands are firmly locked up against the bed, and his tongue is continuously rifling across me. my energy has no choice but to devote itself entirely to the reaction he is eliciting. I’m drowsy and dreadfully happy. Suddenly, my head feels slightly stooped over my lips, then he settles down beside me on the bed and louches on my waist a little. oh, god,’ i whisper over my shoulder as i run naked down the corridor. –ah, oh, my God,’ i breathe, settling down, i lift my head and see him kiss his lips and then lay down next to me on the bed and lazily flings his arm around my waist. –ah, no, no, I was not saying i—‘do you think there will ever be a day when we could talk about it?’ – he pauses for a moment and opens a drawer – “we must get dressed,” he reminds me, and kisses me quickly, before leaping back up again. I've really fallen in love with him. Chapter twenty-three: I've been working all week, and being away from Nastasya during the day has made me feel a physical withdrawal. I really have to force myself to remember that sometimes I find myself staring off into the distance, recalling the act he did to me the night before.