It was a question of your appearance, not of your height. ' 'You are my sister,' he says, examining my gown. ' Come here,' he says, and walks over to the bedpost, near the door, he takes me by the hips and presses me to the floor with his hand. ' ' You have any high shoes,' he says with a smile, 'that's good.' ' You're great,' he says, glancing at my trousers. ' Come here,' he says, walking to the bedpost nearest the door. ' Come here,' he says, walking over to the bedpost in front of the door. ' I keep looking at him, he makes me lick his lips, he opens his eyes . ' It's all right now, brynn, it's not your looks that makes you better, it's your height . ' You remember how it was in that spot? I did it first, you denied me.' ' It's a good thing, stay there . . . - i sense that he leans towards me and feels the warmth of the body circulating through his body. - i feel his warm breath over my cheek and squirm in anticipation of my warm coat - i feel the warm breath on my cheek and the squirm in anticipation of my bondage ... he has barely touched me and i can already feel how wet i am against my new clothes. - he runs his fingers down my chest and over the middle of my bra ... he stops for a moment, then continues, his touch leaving a burning trail across my body - he passes over my breasts and over the middle of my bra - just as i think he'll skip the breasts entirely, he moves up and barely touches the tops of my breasts, just above my cups - he drops to my knees and traces my leg - he is touching my leg lightly, my mouth opens and my heart beats - he touches my arm lightly, lightly touches my arm - he passes his fingers over my ribs and over the middle of my bra - the first time he touches my breasts, he reaches the middle of my bra, the first time he is touching my breasts , I panic, but I do not want to , he stops for a moment, then continues, his touch leaving a burning trail across my body - his fingers run down my chest and over the middle of my bra - just as i thought he would skip my breasts, he comes back and just like that he cuts off the tops of my breasts, just above the cups , i feel his warm breath against my His right hand is flying over my belly and pulling me on to his erection . . . My mouth is wide open to him, and our tongues touch . . . his other hand is lifting my stomach and slipping under my bra cup . . . A kiss of that sort is comforting, even if it makes me even more inclined to love him.