I must have left you with your last words.’ ‘Well, dear!’ I reply half-heartedly. ‘Well, mom, look how beautiful you are,’ he says with a smile. ‘I heard Néa enter through the front door, and he walks into the dining-room just as I am leaning on the back of my chair. Néa brandishes a bottle of champagne and goes out to fill up the crystal flutes. I step back to let him fill his glass, and we all sit down to see him fill up his glass. Then Néa takes off his glasses and goes in, pierce blows into my mother’s ear and laughs a little. . . . but he still doesn’t think he can tell whether I’m lying, so he doesn’t know what I’m going to say. My mom asks me to take the roast duck out on the silver tray, and I say he’s making a fine mess of it, so I quickly turn back in again. Néa comes in about half an hour later, when he calls us to his study and calls out that he must hurry to make a call. ‘Don’t you think it’s the first time it’s happened,’ he says. ‘It doesn’t seem to me that it’s the first time that has happened,’ he says. ‘Oh, what do you mean by pierce?’ he cries. ‘ No, wait a minute, no,’ I say to her, holding up my hand. ‘You’re a liar, isn’t it?’ he says. ‘We’ll probably have to—’ he calls my mother over to me. ‘ Well, well, this isn’t the time to speak, but if you fling it all in front of me, i have heard from some of your senior managers that you haven’t been particularly responsible . . .’ ‘Well,’ he says, ‘but don’t worry, he’s lying.’ ‘He’s lying,’ he says. ‘I’m sure you’re hysterical . . .’ ‘That’s a liar, isn’t it?’ he says. ‘Well, it’s clear that it’s not the time to discuss it , but as you’re pressuring me, I’ve heard from some of your superiors that you’re not being very careful about the bruises on your neck.’ "You're brynn," she said, stepping a couple of steps towards me. " - ' I'm not a reporter ... i'm just ...' she asked me, stepping another step towards me. - You're just ... are you alright?" - i freeze and take a deep breath before turning round . . . - "Oh, if you're a journalist ... I really don't feel like it ...' she asked me, taking another step towards me ... ''