he told me he hasn’t had much time to feel her as he sat there and in his room, and he hardly feels anything, he thought. i thought of how nate’s face had become a little like his father when he became angry and the way his mother had tended to him over the years, even if it had been a day that could have gone even worse for her than it had for me. i think of how nate’s face looks to him when he’s angry, but his mother, the way she was so kind to him, that even though she had only been in his life as a child of eight or nine, she had obviously had some influence on him in the early years, in addition to the qualities she passed down to him from his mother. i can tell you, she told me that she’s learned not to give up hope for a reunion in the end, even if it’s still painful. I imagine he really meant what he said —— he pointed to what had happened between us as a mistake. I need her to be stronger, to be there for me like a countless number of times. . . . she must be safe, it seems to me, . . . but I know that my anger is useless; i long ago realized that I could not change her, and I could not expect her to be any different from what she is. . . . i tiptoe down the hall, slipping a sweatshirt over my shirt, and focusing ... he was just turning off the stove when he heard the door to the study open. . . . i wanted to cry, i wanted her to grow stronger, to be there for me like countless times. I wanted to cry . . . but I know that my anger is useless, for I have long realized that I can't change her, I can't expect her to be any different from her . . . In the kitchen, he fixed himself a sandwich of grilled cheese, and he felt the need for comfort. He was on the stove and he was about to turn off the stove, when he heard the door to the study open. . . . . . .’ he murmurs, making another step toward me. . . . - 'I'm your stepdaughter, pierced,' i growl , my heart beats hard in my chest . . . - ‘ You don't realize how difficult it is for a man to have a beautiful woman like you in his house. . . .’