i hear his cold breath on my face ... he is looking at me in horror ... he is looking at me in amazement. ... You think you are a gentleman with your fancy clothes and your mansion, but in reality you are a bad, sick fool, taking advantage of everyone you can. ... he screams, in an uncontrollable voice, he drags his hand to my hip and then to my ass ... i stir up a rage, flinging my arms round me and pushing him away ... he knocks me to the ground, he kicks him down the stairs, my mother runs away and gets a warm breath on my face ... he screams in anguish, he drags his hand to my burning face, whose head is still thrown sideways, as if it were shot out in a blur ... he cries at his father, whose face turns red in a battle against his much stronger son, and he cries at him with a scream, he cries at him, he cries, he cries, he cries, nate, nate, stop, nate, stop! , he shouts, he shouts at his father, whose face is turning red to defend himself against his much stronger son. . . . and he gave a bit of a laugh, pierce didn’t respond to my accusation but turned his palms up and shrugged. . . . “What’s he talking about?” my mother asked, looking at me . . . . “What are you talking about?” pierce asked, pointing to us. “I knew it, I knew it,” he said, pointing to us. “Oh, christ, holly, are you really stupid? You didn’t even suspect?” pierce didn’t even bother answering her accusation; he just raised his palms and shrugged. My mother, and I look at each other, pierce and me, and he sees me and then at pierce. . . . no . . . ,” he said, turning to her. . . . a wailing cry escapes my mother’s lips; for a second i thought she’d collapse, but then she threw herself at pierce, scattering her limbs as she slapped him. - i can hardly see his face, and I cannot imagine what goes on inside his head . . . - his carefully constructed history is disintegrating around him . . . and now he is frozen, his head slightly cocked, he starts to walk in a shiver, his head coiled and his head slightly lowered. - He immediately goes to the door of the house and closes it behind him . . . My mother straightens up, Nate's arms are at his side . . .