" ... i know, i know," he says, nodding, unable to resist. " I could not believe it was him, or if he had not believed it, he did not want to believe it. "  - I thought he had no good reason to lie ... - he says, he takes a step towards me, and he says: 'You shook me so much today,' he says, and he takes a step toward me. -  you spoke to me so awfully today - i did not mean it, - i am so sorry for you , i don't know if we can go back again ... '  brynn, please, I don't want to lose you ... ' i felt so angry at seeing her again - i did not mean any of this , i was angry ... sometimes my temper ... sometimes my temper ... i felt angry ... sometimes my heart ... ' - i asked wryly laughing and reached up to rub my forehead ... I think i’ll eat that fried feta and then pack it up ... but of course it does. Chapter twenty-seven – i inspect my mother’s old ’90s station wagon. Both the ’90s and the ’90s were on the verge of being sold, but my mother was able to hold out for the time being, because she thought it was no longer necessary to worry about money anymore. She didn’t move a muscle. ’ – ‘What are you doing?’ he finally asks with a cold laugh. ‘ Well, I think I’m going to eat a cold, fresh sandwich and then pack it.’ that’s both sad and comforting. Despite all the terrible things that have happened, i wouldn’t want to. I wondered last night if I could make it through these last few months if I could. If i had a magic wand to make it so that my mother hadn’t met pierce, that I’d returned to our old home for the summer, that my relationship with nate had not grown beyond that one in the village? It is my mother, carrying a suitcase, her eyes in large round sunglasses. I snort, then a long, long word is sounded out to me. “But it is my mother,” she says, without looking at me. “Isn’t she ready?” he asked, without looking at me. he snorted and, without looking at me, nodded, and remembered something I had forgotten. “I’ll be right back at once,” I said, and rushed in, without saying a word.