I pause for a moment, looking in the beautiful furnishings of the room, before walking up to my desk, opening the top drawer. I reach out my hand and find the little slip of paper i've tucked away in the back of the drawer. i walk out and down the corridor. nate's bedroom door is slightly open, and I can tell from the silence that he's not in. I push it open all the way, go to his bed, lay the slip of paper on the pillow and then pull it up again. i run my hand over the sheet and breathe in the fragrance of the cloth. i take a step to the side and look at the light across the walkway. It is impossible to remember what he's doing now. he doesn't. I keep putting up with him, and he won't let me get in there at all. I don't want to look in to find that slip of paper where eileen wrote her phone number. , a whole plant of bitterness, which I have been putting up with the last summer or so, finally took root, as if looking at her impassive face. I grew very upset ... “But you’re my mother ... you should have believed me, you should have taken care of me ... you’re my mother ... you should have believed me ... you should have taken care of me ... I have been taking care of you for years, and now it’s time to get you ...’ she suddenly burst out in hysterics. ‘No, it was n’t n’t n’t ...’ I felt her hand reach up and touch my face ... and her fingers graze the little cut in the corner of my mouth. ‘Have you been injured in any way?’ – ‘No, you’re not my fault ,’ she cried out suddenly. ‘And you’re my mother, you should have believed me ... you should have taken care of me ... I’ve been taking care of you for years, and now it’s time for you ...’ she said, suddenly hysterical. ‘ And if it’s not painful,’ I replied, swallowing the tears that sprung up at her touch. ‘I just knew that if I didn’t, everything would be ruined, and everything seemed so perfect ...’ . . . well, if I was to get myself in this condition, I would be too . . . . I close the door behind me, put my newly bought textbooks on my thin mattress, and then, to my courtyard, look over the lawn . . . that's quite a pretty sight , with its lack of furniture and its lack of access to the bathroom, but it has a letter framed with a list of every person who has lived here. It's not very practical . . .