- yes, brynn, - - he was doing something stupid, I thought he'd try to reach me when my mom and I left, but he didn't. "Since he got angry, he must have had some truth in his words, he said that he didn't like me at all - but it was ridiculous, he said he loved me and didn't say it back. - oh, brynn! - roberta, my manager, waves to me from the table in the middle, where she's doing some paperwork, and he waved back, then walked over. - " You have had some complication in your studies," she said quietly as I approached her. - oh, brynn, oh, brynn! - i looked at the time, and it was almost four o'clock , almost four o'clock - i'm already in the dining room, and I'm crossing to the side door, and - to the kitchen - oh, brynn! - roberta, my supervisor, waves to me from a table at the entrance where she's doing some work. - i wave back and go. i explain the situation to a secretary in the school of studies, who points me to the office in charge of the school of studies. a man in his late thirties comes up to me as I enter the open door of his office.   a man in his early thirties stands to greet me as I walk into his office.  francis delton  he introduces himself, shaking my hand.   how can i help you?' he says nervously.   ? yes, i was told that there was some kind of trouble with my schoolwork, with my scholarship or something, '' he says, pressing my hair out before I realized it was pulled up in a ponytail.   yes, your name?' he asks, and sits down, and I'm in the chair opposite him .    all your tuition,' he says, shaking his head.    yes, a year, or ... not all? ' he smiles .   - all . ' he says nervously, 'I've heard that this is very unusual,' he says, raising his eyebrows at the screen . “And what’s the matter?” he asks, suddenly becoming excited. “Well, so I came in to work on my shift in the dining room, and was told that my boarding school had been terminated. What is it?” “Oh, yes, you were going to call me back,” he says, raising his voice. “I had only been trying to tell you this morning.”