pierce’s lawyer offered me a settlement for my divorce, and it included a debt of your tuition. ’ – But... ’ but... ’ he said that there’s no less reliable witness than a woman who tries to defame her husband, so i don’t really think that pierce would be worried about me going to the press with stories, not that he’d want to do that. ’ – he was completely astonished and said that I would have to sign before pierce would change his mind. – but, dear, is it a good settlement? did you have a lawyer look it over?” –  Yes, the lawyer said that there is no less credible witness than a woman who is trying to defame her ex-husband, so i don’t really think that pierce would be concerned about me going to the press with news or anything like that – I don’t think he’d want to.   – well, i’m glad you’re happy with it – it’s really over . . . - i can’t stand that! - i stop to think and say, - i am still in a stupor, but i want to share my luck with her and miriam. - i want to meet allison and miriam - allison and i have not talked since our dispute last summer, so i am relieved that she accepts my invitation on behalf of both of them. - half an hour later, i am leaving the room in a light summer dress, the weather is still hot in virginia, even though it is September, i walked slowly across the quad to the off-campus restaurant, trying not to exert myself, i see a group of freshmen girl laughing, who are going out for a group dinner - new students, no doubt. - and the hostess smiles at me, just as i see allison sitting alone in a booth, she smiles nervously, and i go over. - - I lied to miriam, and said that you had delayed dinner by fifteen minutes, so we could talk - - she murmurs a little, and then hugs me -  i hope you don't mind ,' she says, trembling awkwardly . “O God, oh, god, oh, how sorry,” I murmur, reaching for a napkin. . . . I see you’ve synced your watches, being in the same town all summer long! . . . oh, how jealous I was!” She sits down in the booth next to allison, her bright red hair falling on her shoulder . . . to my horror I begin to tear up . . .