‘Stop it, ankle!’ she grabbed his arm. ‘I’m not a patient, I’m a student working at the well-known clinic to see Kristin Parkman.’ she grabbed his arm and seized him. ‘ Okay?’ Aidan nodded and then shut the door. Megan panicked, sobbing with his hand on the steering wheel. Although Aidan’s expression was doubtful, aidan nodded and pushed on with his hands, to which he was referring, “what happened?” ‘Oh, but now give me coffee and a chance to rest, and then I’ll tell you everything ...’ she stopped at the reception desk. Although she had first been disappointed in not receiving a grade, she was happy to be a student for the last time, and that she hadn’t been given a night shift, because she had to be at home with patients while she was working at night. She wasn’t looking forward to the last time she could see him. He had rushed into the park of the WellStart and got into the first place he found. I’ve had a look at your transcript, and it’s very impressive ... ‘ Thank you,’ Megan replied, ‘why didn’t I show you round today? That way you’ll be ready for the rest of the day ...’ – with a smile, kristi led her through the maze of rooms – where the warders’ room was, where the trauma room was, and where the hall was. ‘But no, it couldn’t be . . . ah, I’ll take you by the hand and show you round – let me introduce you two to you.’ – but everyone seems to like Dr. Nadeen. – Yes, everyone loves Dr. Nadeen – and it is such a pleasure for us – and it is well worth the visit,’ Megan thought. Suddenly, with a shrill cry, kristi called out: ‘Have a look around – here’s a nanny who is always up to something!’ – no, it couldn’t be – but the supervisor is such a sweetheart ...’ So you're going to find yourself here in the hospital?” – kristi patted Megan's back. – Oh, how lovely ...   – she and I share a godson. – kristi smiled – yes, what luck , what luck! – megan murmured. – oh, my God, she and I ...  – oh, how wonderful ... – she nodded – she nodded. – oh, no, that's no, don't you ... no, you don't need to do that ...’