She turned back to Pesh, who was looking expectantly at her. Megan fought the urge to run after Kristi, but she turned to Pesh, who was looking on expectantly at her. " Do you want to see me a lot?" she asked. "I don't know if it will make me look bad, but if it will not make me ugly, I will ask for a transfer." rubbing her already sore head, she replied, "I don't know, if it doesn't make me feel bad, I would ask for a transfer." "Why should I have a problem?" she asked. "The last time I saw you, you don't want to be ashamed," she said. . "It's just that, for the last two years, I have been in control of my life. The night i saw you, I let all this control go. I was drunk the night I saw you, and I turned into someone else, like my self. he nodded, sighing.   when i told you i wanted to see you again, i was serious . . .’ he nodded, sighing,    you fell for me, didn’t you?” he sighed. “I’m sorry , I’m sorry,” she murmured, “I have so much going on in my life that I’ve nothing to regret. Any sadness I’m experiencing is all my own fault.” Suddenly he managed to say, “Thank you, I appreciate it.” — She sighed. She felt her breath catch in his words.   I’m sorry, my dear,” she murmured. “Don’t worry about my relationship with you, ahammen, we’ll always be friends, I’ll respect your wishes and your distance.” — “No need to be worried about that,” he replied, opening the gap between them, and whispering: “We won’t be out of touch with each other, megan. We’ll always be friends, and I’ll respect your wishes and your distance ... ” “Old friend, I’m sorry if I say so!” kristi asked. “No, that’s a secret, not a secret, for I’m going to never be able to experience that. There was something about the fact that she had found the only person left in the world who would not accept a relationship of any kind. So she’d just got to find the one who wouldn’t allow herself to be put to shame. “Oh no, I’m about to lose a second one to Mrs. Nadeen’s charms, am I not?” kristi asked. “Yes, we’re friends,” said Megan. “I don’t feel like that with him.”