No, now you can tell me it's really a big deal, my dear sir ... there's a lot of success with our clinical candidates ... ' As soon as he entered one of the examination rooms, he saw that she was sitting on a stool by the counter , she was working on a chart. Suddenly, when the door was shut behind him, she jerked her head up, and caught him looking at him. ' Good ,' she nodded, 'good,' she nodded. he wiped his throat and walked over to her. He was nervous, scratching the back of his neck, but he could not help feeling that it was fate. Then, when he knew that he must not be on the other side, he could not help but feel it, because he had promised to keep her away. ' Why don't you take me out to dinner?' she said, smiling happily, 'ha-ha-ha, I'm glad to hear it. " The light was burning in his mouth, he bit his lip, so that the thought that he was ready to ask began to pass before he could stop himself. " " So, are you at home?" she said, nodding. Pesh leaned back against the wall, and surmised her teasing smile. “Are you serious?” he said, glancing at him in surprise. “Yes, if you took me on a date, where would we go?” Pesh rubbed his jaw with thought. “Well, if you did, then where would we go?” “Are you going to your bedroom?” she shook her head slowly. “I think you have already been there.” — “So what?” she asked. “As a matter of fact, if you were going on a date, where would you go?” “I would like to be with you to see a different place, a place where you have never been,” said Pesh. “A place where you can dance in the evening,” he said, rubbing his eyes. “At the moment, when you are over wine and dessert, I would like to take you somewhere you have never been before — ” — “your bedroom,” she said, as she shook her head wildly. " He turned away from Megan and walked over to Aidan. " he looked from emma to Aidan, who was grunting and rubbing his head. " Pesh drew his penlight out of his coat pocket and went to helpan . . . " - Emma answered: "I fell and hit my head , '' he said, 'nothing ,'' Aidan sighed, 'nothing.' " Megan stepped forward and went over to aidan.