But you’re a physician, and I’m a clinical student, if you happen to find yourself in the medicine room, or in an empty patient room, then you’re in a bad situation —” the good doctor seemed to have lost his temper, and he nodded his head, “the best thing he could do for me was to be silent —”>preferred ” and pesh nodded, “I’m not afraid — my career means everything to me. I don’t want to do anything that might jeopardize it ... “, if you say that,” she mumbled, while he pushed down the button on the elevator.  , thank you ... I really do appreciate it. ” —> at this point the elevator door cracked. , the good doctor seems a bit silent ... ... the doctor looks as if he’s been talking, you know? a screwdriver in a rectum is probably the tastiest ... ” he sneered, his head bowed.   a person who isn’t the only one to wrangle with a screwdriver, isn’t that a shame ...” he said with a cocking brow. “Why do you ask?” she shrugged. “I have to study how a questioner tries to be confronting.” “We have already established that I haven’t had many opportunities to give evidence to people who scurry about a little, but all the same, any time there’s something else to question, from the urethra to the bladder, you’d ask them. ” Here’s the first time – will we get the food first?” she asked. After putting the tray beside hers, she picked up some peach and some chocolate chips. When she took her money, he placed it next to hers. She pulled out her wallet and handed over a twenty-franc change. Are you going to practice your questioning, then? You know, show me what you’ve learned?’  he asked.  Now we’ve shown that he had no knowledge of many priapism cases, but when the penis is not related to the bladder or the bladder, you ask questions. You’ll soon learn that the most important thing that’s done at lunches and dinners is to discuss cases or to give comments on them ... ” She wore a professional air, asked, “Have you taken any erectile dysfunction medicine?” He answered, “No, never.” he smiled slyly. - if I have no previous knowledge of the patient, I’ll answer him. -  I mean, would you have needed to ask me that question in the past? – well, then . . .