"Karla, we haven't seen anyone else for a long time, but you can't expect me to see anything more interesting." he remarked inwardly. "Will you let me have a drink? " he muttered in a reverie, when he was still reeling after what had happened to Megan. he had let her get him a drink after work, but it turned out that she didn't mean to. he could not see a thing, he simply shrugged. He had allowed her to talk him into drinking after work. After one or two words, he stopped at the edge of Megan's path. However, although he had vowed to never allow anything like this to happen again, he walked a fine line around her every time they were at work . . . he had no other choice but to go and talk to her . . . is that a big problem? ' he pressed forward, he quickly stopped. ' - and as much as he hated to admit it, she had something to say about him as a gentleman. He touched her arm, urging her to stop. " Yes, i am a gentleman, both in public and in private . " He glanced around and found them very happy. - Yes, yes, i am a gentleman in public and in private . - he is quite comfortable in front of a woman and he is at her side - he is a gentleman , he does not shy away from the woman - and he did not mind about her ... he touched her arm and begged her to stop. he did not dare to admit it, but she said he was a gentleman , he was still working with her, wasn't he? he saw how much she enjoyed visiting him in the hospital, and immediately felt a need for him. - So you mean that you are, in public, to wrest your girlfriend? - he touched her arm, urging her to stop ... he stumbled across them with a smile - he could not help but grin, he was sure that megan had to see how much she enjoyed spending time with him in the hospital, and would soon decide that she wanted more. Dev had been looking for a beautiful nurse, who dev had befriended in the hotel room . . . - but at dev’s insistence, dev took care of the two. . . . life , he had managed to curb his wild ways when he was twenty-five. Mia martinelli had been through hell with an abusive boyfriend, and dev had not thought of marrying the two.