The following three years brought on a relationship, and then marriage. In the midst of the sorrow, mia had remained close to pesh, and he desired her to be happy more than anything in the world. In truth, he had been ready to be afraid of his brother's visit. But he had been anxious since the day he had been summoned to console her. . . . but he had been prepared to bear the brother's wrath. " . . . " Shiv said, shaking his head, "Yes, it is true, you and I both know that Mia would never lie, if you did, it is true . . . . but how could you do that ." . . . "  i did not want to believe everything that Mia said, especially that you helped her see that she should not beg me to beg me again, and to keep me with aj . " . .  i know that he will never lie, . . . As he was debating whether he should summon a man to give him protection, Pesh was knocked from his chair by a good-for-nothing’s right hook, and falling backwards into the floor, when dev struck him on the jaw with his right hand, and before Pesh could move any further, she squeezed into Pesh’s crotch and wedged herself between them. ‘Have you any desire for truth?’ he shouted. ‘I have never wished her any harm,’ he cried. ‘I do, baby brother, think you need a lot of soul-searching and maturing to make any thought of your attachment to another woman.’ Pesh had been deciding whether to call on seizing security to get rid of his devilish brother, when he was knocked off his seat by Pesh’s right hand, bringing him down, he fell backward and crashed to the floor. Pesh struggled with difficulty, when megan came into pesh’s glare, attempting to wrest him by the leg, but he was too frightened to bear the slap in the face, so he made for the break with her. ‘ But what about you, you f****** her?’ he shouted. ‘ When he turned to him, the devilish look faded into concern. “You must have hit me harder than he thought,” he muttered, and hurried off. “Come here,” said Kaifeng, grabbing his hand. “You’re bleeding!” she cried, rushing after him. “I don’t want you to scold me!” Kaifeng raised her hand and grabbed him, which he held tightly. “I don’t need to be bothered with this bunch of uproar.”