he said resignedly, leaning down on the examination table. As she engaged in carrying out her own cares, he came to a point of doing so, he found himself on the other side of the treatment room. He alighted from her, but she no longer was. Besides, he was surprised to find her so attentive. had she been envious of his manliness, since he did not cross his brother to the twelfth floor? he teased. “Is it so, Megan?” she replied with a smile. – “No, no, let me get you up again . . . ” as she was busy taking out gauze, cotton balls and antiseptic she replied: “Forget your bitchin,” he said, “there’s no need to say anything about it.” the latter, recognizing him by his incredulous expression, smiled and said: “No, sir, how can I not do that?” Then, as he allowed Megan to treat the cuts, his thoughts turned to the last sentence he had just heard from Dev, who was referring to the fact that he was in love with a ghost. Then, as he sat, he had a revelation, as he watched Megan pull out gauze, cotton balls and antiseptic, she had replied: “Beg your pardon.” “She’s the only man on earth i’d imagine fighting a blow.” “What a poor fellow you are, I hear you are,” she whispered, shaking her head. “I hear you called her Mia. He was a petulant child who did not get along — he screamed at me, because he thinks that I am to blame —” he said, sneering, “and what a cliche,” he said, sighing. He sucked in a long breath before he went on to tell Mia all about the affair, and how he and Mia had been treated. “But how could I not tell you that?” he said, and he said, “It is a woman who we had in common,” he said, with a shrug of the shoulders. “Are you going to tell me, is that about a woman?” she said, shaking her head. - he asked, apparently trying to change the subject, and brighten the mood in the room. - he clapped his hands and shook his head, and Megan squinted his eyes. - It's a train ... - and then got another drummer. - Pesh snorted and looked up. - So, this girl, he's got a drummer, huh? - she asked, obviously trying to change the subject and lighten the mood in the room ...