Oh, we shall make a diversion, we shall make the conversion, we shall make the bed!’ ‘Well,’ said the walker, ‘give me the lordship of the Princess, lord, we shall return to you, my good lady.’ As one of the nurses hurried forward, two others were pulling the lordship from the elevator . . . But I must be out of the way of all these troubles,’ said the lordship, twitching her head. When pesh had managed to recover from his second charge, he drew the stool back, he had then opened mary’s gown, pulled out the lordship’s body, and pesh ripped open the lordship’s gown . . . and he rubbed the paddles together, and the heart was still as it was in a flat line. Afterwards, as the carriage rolled up, pesh pulled the trolley out of the elevator and a nurse had taken the whip from him and put it back in the cart. ‘I’ll go tell the family,’ he said, murmuring. ‘Then you can go and tell the family . . . nadeen, go take a breather, buddy . . .’ , there was a physician, the doctor’s bedroom, and the examining-room. , although he didn’t say anything, he always worked another shift to make up for the time he was gone. Finally, she went to kristi for an answer. After she had escorted mary’s body up to the funeral home to await the casket, kristi went looking for kristi, and although she knew he must have liked to be alone, kristi wanted to see him. She didn’t want to do anything to make him happy , but he liked to be alone, to clear his head. At every moment of his life, even when he was terribly hurt, she felt a slight pain in her chest. “So he’s going up to the roof?” kristi nodded. “You’ll probably find him there,” she said. “It’s just that he likes to be alone to get things settled . . . but since we won’t say anything about him, he usually comes back and takes another shift after the time he’s gone. . . . Yes, he’ll go up there.” kristi nodded. she took it tentatively. “It’s a good day,” she said softly. A breeze stirred her shaved face. The air grew cooler. Pesh stood on the edge of the roof. His usual straight, slender figure was slumped, his broad shoulders inward. The clouds smothered the stars and cloaked everything in the darkness. But to add insult to injury, the clouds wiped out the stars and closed everything in darkness.