they stood in an awkward silence, looking at each other. , how did you know i was here?  ?   how did you know i was up here ?   kristi told me . . .  he asked, he said . . .  kristi told me . . . hmm . . . he answered in a hoarse voice.    ,  do not try to hide your pain by being someone you are not or pointing fingers at others . . . that isn't you, and you won't fool me. " he paused, leaned forward and took a step. and, although she had never had a conception, she was not at all distraught. She had always been in good health, she did not go to the doctor with sniffles, and after we’d been married for three years, we decided it was time to have a baby.’ As soon as Pesh remained silent, Mingxi hesitantly asked, ‘Does she die in childbirth?’ he shook his head. Yes, we did not; we never got there.’ Her eyes closed. ‘What happened to your wife?’ she asked, and she had a soft, low voice. She knew that his last words meant something to him. He was asked something that seemed personal to him. Even though it was considered ‘non-specific’ infertility, she felt it was all her fault. When the birth of her first child was discovered, she felt sick and tired of it. But her aunt was still a mother and a happy, vigorous mother of two adopted girls, but she knew the psychological toll that infertility caused when she saw it destroying her father’s sister. She had never expected her aunt to give birth to a girl but her aunt had never been overbearing in her eyes. “Lord, give birth to her heart,” whispered Megan, as if a ragged, crying cry went through her heart. As he was making breakfast, he heard a noise in the bedroom. . . . The pain in his face was so great that he could scarcely breathe. When he called out her name, she didn’t answer, he ran to her. . . . the woman was crumpled on the floor of the bedroom . . . And from the doctor’s report he felt a little relieved in knowing that she didn’t suffer, that she went quickly without fear or pain. . . . But a great deal of confidence I’ve got in knowing that she didn’t suffer . . . . she went off with a free pass without fear or pain.