he grinned in despair as she disappeared into the stairwell. he looked in the mirror at her reflection, and she was in a daze; but the lips were already swollen and blond from her kisses; and a finger rose up to trace her bottom lip; memories of his kisses filled her mind, and she desperately tried to think of something else; but she had climbed up to the roof, to save pesh, and she had entrusted herself to him and his emotions.he began to walk around the roof and the rain, which had soaked him to the bone, started to dissipate. At last he remembered that he had to make peace with her, and he needed to apologize. from the last look he looked out of the sky and searched the halls for signs of Megan, and when he found Kristi, he was surprised that he did not see Megan with her. But he was afraid that in his agony he had forgotten the signals that she gave him, that she was not hers , he promised to keep his distance, but after all, he had made a terrible situation even worse by his inability to control his feelings for Megan. And he had to apologize. But he was already in front of her, he could not say what he should do, he had been very emotional on the roof and things had soared far too quickly. he tucked his tail between his legs and went to the doctor's office. he took a clean pair of pants and a new white coat from his chest. he walked down the hall to the medicine closet, after scanning the keys on his keycard he entered the room, after swiping his keycard he entered the room. he took a clean pair of pants and a shirt from the locker, then he walked down the corridor and went to the medicine closet, when he had slipped a new white coat on, he walked down the corridor to the medicine room, swiping his key card, he entered the room. He shook his head. "I'm sorry to have kissed you, but you... well, you know what ... you don't want to kiss me again!" he asked. The words he heard were more for his own good than hers. "Just because I comforted you, doesn't mean that I don't want you to kiss me ... that i still don't want to kiss you again ... he thought, what she felt before and after he had kissed her , it seemed to him that that was what she felt in the moments before and after he had kissed her, but now it seemed to him only lust. He wanted only for her to truly see him, to know how good he could be to her , how good they would be for each other. . . . though this was probably useless, he could not help putting everything out again.