They went back into the living room. Then we can go and have lunch with Mr. Darling and then we can start our date , if you like, then he won’t miss you when he’s asleep , he won’t.’ In order to get around, Mr. Darling rushed to him and grabbed his hand. “Thank you, I really do appreciate it.” He brushed her cheek. He reached out and kissed her ... then he stopped to kiss her and went back into the foyer with his shoes , and Mrs. Darling hurried back. She was also afraid of the way she and Mrs. Darling were seen getting dressed in their traditional chucke-e cheese . . . . We’re a little too dressy for that, too.” She smiled at his thoughtfulness . . . . “We’re a bit too elegant for that,” she said. As he walked through the door of the chucke-e cheese shop, she slammed at the ear-splintering sound of the crockery and the stomach-turning odour of the chucke-e cheese . . . “Thanks, thank you, thank you, I don’t really think that . . .” Mason had chosen, to start with, pepperoni, which he drank with a glass of water, then to a table near the toddlers’ place. As soon as she caught the eye of Mason, she swept it over her. She smiled as he swallowed the first bite of his pizza. Megan looked around him, and suddenly realized that she must have had four bites of pizza before he hurried off again. After several tense moments, he managed to persuade mason to leave the playroom to come and eat. This made Megan laugh. “Are you ever so curious about the place?” he said, glancing around. “My brother, aran , and his children live in florida, so it doesn’t seem like there is anything to come here for. ” he took a long swig of his coke and swung it around as if to eliminate the taste. Suddenly he caught sight of Madam and his face turned sour. ” " At this point he stood there where he could go and caught him when he came off the slide. ... some of the guys would have flung themselves on her to take a few steps ... but Pesh had no agenda for her , except that she should embrace him ... when the last ticket was spent, she rose from her chair ... he seemed to love to spend time with mason ... but he didn't have any agenda, except to show her that she could embrace him.