She shivered, his lips were acrid, and she tapped them, trying to sense the warmth of his tongue. When she did, it was like a mixture of wine and spices. She darted out her tongue to find warmth. He seemed to be putting his hand over hers, and then he suddenly drew his lips together. She followed him and press herself flush against him, rubbing her lips on her chest. She took his hand, walked off the dance floor, and as he came out of their kiss, he kept his eyes fixed on her. . . . well, he pulled out his lips, looked at her with his lips, and his tongue pulled back, trying to find her lips. , he shook his head, said, "I don't dare to deny you." He then smiled and said, "Please take me somewhere and leave me alone. " She was shocked by the intensity of his words and the way he said it, he was terribly angry. ‘Are you staying with us?’ ‘Thanks,’ said Pesh, bringing her by the hand. ‘You are staying with us in one of our king-size suites,’ said Pesh, tapping his fingers on the marble counter. ‘I’m not degrading myself,’ said Pesh. ‘Oh, what do you mean?’ said Pesh, who, with a strange smile, jumped up and down in amazement. ‘I see you’re the kind of man you’d be seeing from the street,’ she thought. ‘Oh, no,’ he laughed, ‘you probably think he’s a nanny,’ he thought. ‘Oh, by the way, by the way, he talked about me, I’m sure he thinks i’m a nanny.’ Pesh, taking her hand in his, escorted her to the elevator. ‘Why do you look like that?’ he asked, and pesh put her mouth in a smirk. ‘So what?’ he replied, banging his fingers on the marble counter. ‘We have a room on the third floor with a king-size bed.’ She was shaking her head. If you don’t want to, we shouldn’t have to.” “No, I’ll do it,” she assured him. Without a word more, his fingers slipped over her hair. After he undid the clasp, her hair sank down over her shoulders. An appreciative shudder pierced her as he thrust his face into the strands at her neck. From there he sought out the zipper in the middle of her back ...