I don't think you are pregnant, but are you taking the pill? - he sneezed and put his hips forward, he pulled her up, she twisted her cheeks , he gave her a small bite, and chewed on her bottom lip - she moaned a little - she had not seen him for two years - there are tests for the hospital ... - In her mind she began counting down the days since her last period - twenty - he pushed her forward and let him go - the only thing she liked best was the feeling of his chest hairs rubbing against her skin - oh, he loved the feeling of the chest hairs on her chest, he swayed inside her, he filled her with a luxurious drapery - the beauty of the fresh air, the moisture in the air, the water from his sabres, the king's breast - to the yin. The more she stared into his eyes, the more he loved her, and the longer she looked into his eyes, the more intimate she felt for him - the old saying is that the eyes are windows to the soul , the more is the passion in the eyes, the longer it remains in her gaze, the more one feels connected with him , the more she looks into his eyes, the more she feels in love with him ... wait, she moaned ... I couldn't tell how he could be so many places at once. She moaned, chanted his name, and cried out, as the sounds of their wet skin slapped together. Her fingers grazed the sheets as he leaned over her back, kissing a trail down her back. She had not been able to see his face, but she hated that she couldn't see his face, he was so beautiful when he was releasing. He was so sweet when he was getting off, he seemed to be doing so much with his lips. He licked her back and left loving bites, his hands brushed her thighs and slid under her to rub her forehead or to play with her mouth. She screamed in the bed, and she found her way out. She rolled her head, she cried into the mattress, and he found his release. She dropped her head and cried into the bed as she felt his escape. she smacked his arm playfully. ' I know,' he murmured, 'but that's not what I meant . . . that's not what i meant. . . . that's what we did . . . ' But no matter what, this changes everything . . . '