, she stood back on the chair and closed her eyes, allowing them to take off, she only opened her eyes when she saw them race down the runway. - They flew to the runway, and she could not restrain herself from putting her arm around the coach and looking out the windows of the town ... and ... there is a vulnerability to it, it is in the daytime everything is within your vision , in the night it is in the dark. - you would like to learn to fly? - he nodded. - yes, you would , - she nodded. - it seems to me that you would like to learn in the night. - chapter fifteen As the cornflower-blue horizon spread out before her for miles and miles, Megan could n't wait to see where it would lead. - "It's great! - she turned to him in surprise. - "I always think that I would love to learn to fly at night ... " With a shrug, she said: 'You are a busy man, and I don't know how fast I will learn ... Two weeks after their first meeting in savannah, they were flying about atlanta on a thursday afternoon. They had been eating after work or picking up something on the way to her house. although, on the first day of their absence, the first day at work was difficult and awkward, as if nothing had changed , it was a man that he was quite honest , and it was not the fact that it was only because of the physical change . Of course, he was full of surprises too , as he once asked her if there was a heart monitor in one of the empty patient rooms on the first floor of the hospital. she had obediently followed him, finding the chest smear, while he found him. Megan, when he first offered to give her flying lessons, didn’t know if she should believe him or not, but looked back, it was impossible to believe it. that man would make any woman fall in love with him, and she, who didn’t want to admit it, could see that she was falling in love with him. Even as megan tried to fight her growing feelings for her, it was almost impossible . The man was a mystery to everyone, too, so it wasn’t only because he was a man. Remember that they’d gone back to Mlle Mcdonald’s after we’d played at the playground. . . . forget it, after we’d gone to Mcdonald’s, they’d gone to play at the playground . . . But the fact that she was so willing to do anything to make Mlle Mcdonald happy pushed Mlle Mcdonald’s hard resolve against dating him. It wasn’t just the fact that Mlle Mcdonald was so friendly with Mlle Mcdonald that made her burst out.