“I can tell you from afar,” she thought, tilting her head on the foam head-rest, she thought of her conversation with Kristi the day before, and she hated to admit it, but she knew she had a choice, and that was to either let go of Pesh or to have an official conversation with him – that would mean they could never just get on and get on with each other – or they would just get on with each other. Phosh’s face was turned to one side and his nose was stuck into the strands of his hair. The thought of seeing his face in the distance on the sofa made her chest tremble with emotion. Pohosh lay on his back with the mason on his shoulders, and he was asleep. His son’s face was laid on his chest with Phosh, and he was sound asleep. She closed her eyes and a thousand times sought the way to find out what it was really like for her. At that moment she allowed herself to think that this was the real meaning of her life. No man had ever made her feel as Phosh did, and that was true both inside and outside the bedroom. As she took off her kerchief and her silken robe she went into the bedroom, where she found that it was very quiet in the living room. When she glanced down at her tattered fingers she knew that it was time to get out of the bathing-tub. No sooner had she thought she could be engrossed in the emotion that was coursing through her than tears stung her eyes. The sight of him across the room made her chest tremble with emotion. a joking jerk, she rose to her feet and went to the sofa. She walked over the two of them and could not help but reach out her hand and stroke him lightly on the cheek. His eyes fluttered open and she smiled at him. . . . he felt as if he was in his mind, but not just her feelings but his love for her son - that was the package deal for any future man, and he embraced it without complaining. he was too much a dreamer to have a husband, he was all about her. But she was more than feelings for him and for him - it was more than he cared about her son - he cared about her son - it was all the same to him and he willingly embraced this fact. She pushed the boy up in her arms, leant over the two of them, her hand was still bent, the other lay under his legs. she didn't say anything for a few minutes, she just longed to be close to him, to feel his hand on her, his strong, stout legs beneath her . . .  Thanks for coming to see me tonight. . . .' ' Are you sure?' he said, brows shook. '