- oh, yes, how is it going to be , my love, how good are you going to be when i finally get into you? " - she chewed, and chewed with a dry mouth, looking into his eyes, and every time he dipped her a bite, he tried to show her what he had imagined to do to her - a bite of vegetables and rice to the chest, chewed it with his mouth and licked the juice. - she took a forkful of rice and brought it to her mouth - as she chewed and swallowed, she drank a long way, her eyes never left his. - she asked, oh, and how long does it take to clean our plates? - she asked, mumbling and chewing and staring into his eyes. - she seemed to be both disappointed and frustrated with his answer - she said, and threw a fork into her mouth, and, for one thing, in order to give her something else to think about, he threw a fork to her mouth. - and as she swallowed, she gave him a happy smile - he was suddenly in a flash and tackled him, causing his plate to flip over onto the sheets. And when they’d fought back, he threw Megan back onto her back. She moaned, her hands slid up above her head to touch the sheets; pesh ducked his head and, taking her legs, placed them on his shoulders, and he buried himself deeply into her with one stroke. Then he picked up her legs and put them on his shoulders, so that he could breathe deeper into her – but she was still trembling, and her body trembled. When he had finished shuddering, he lowered his head to look down at her, her eyes bulged open and she smiled sheepishly at him – and then she was cut off beneath him and she began to cry out, and clasped her hands on his shoulders – oh God, that’s amazing,’ she cried. ‘O Lord, how amazing!’ he asked, pacing in and out of her. As the tongues met, pesh drew megan back onto her back – after he had spread his legs he buried himself deep inside her. When he had finished his shudder, he raised his head to look down at her. Her eyes opened, and she smiled sheepishly at him – ‘oh, my god, if it’s the truth, I don’t care about that – I like that you’re a queer soul – I’m sure you’re right!’ he laughed. “You know, I can’t wait for you to get here ... what is it?” he rolled his eyes. “I thought I’d invite you to dinner at my sister’s house ... ” and as he lifted his robe, he caught sight of the questioning stare of Megan ... “What is it? ” “What is it? ...” he said, rolling his eyes, “I don’t know, I’m afraid I can’t wait for anything. ”