While Mason ate his dinner, he fed noah, or rather, to put it more appropriately, he let him drape her in his arms while he sat down. Aidan smiled. “Thanks for the help. I’m really serious. . . . if she can eat it, he’ll be grateful.” “I’m afraid she’s a fussy little thing,” said megan, tilting his fork against the goblet. “He’s in a terrible habit,” said becky across the table, “so what, is he a fussy little thing?” “Yes, and thank you,” he said. “I’m glad that you’re not being unwell.” While mason was eating his plate, megan gave aidan a break by bringing noah in, or, rather, letting him drape her in food while he fed himself. The two fathers went out to dinner and the bigger ones went into the drawing-room. Aidan, taking Noah’s hand, said, ‘Please, dad, kiss the boobies away, can you,’ Aidan said, taking the boys by the hand. Aidan sat there with his arm hung over the back of his chair and enjoyed listening to the giddy conversation around him. They had spoken together in silence before, and he had always been quite quiet in the presence of this group, so when he found himself in the midst of the same giddy mood, he was even quieter. Aidan, who was sat with his arm over his back in the chair, enjoyed listening to the lively conversation around him. Aidan, who was taking noah by the hand, said, “Here, daddy, we’ll kiss the children away, if you like.” Aidan smiled, “No, no, no, not bad,” he replied. “What happened?” asked Noah. “It was hurting noah.” Noah shook his head and blinked. “What happened?” asked Noah. “What happened?” asked Noah. " So, mother-in-law, don't you take care of your mama?" he cried out. The stricken groans made him draw his eyes from the teacher to the grandfather. “I'm not sure I'll say a word,” and he hurriedly ran out of the room. “Yes, you're a daddy's boy,” she mumbled, with wide-open eyes, as if she were trying to believe that what she saw was real. For a few seconds she sat in a stunned silence, deciding what to do. He bending over and whispered to the father, “Well, you go back and play with the others!