“Then he turned and went out of the room, even though he knew he ought not to, he blurted out: “We are engaged! ” she said, with a smile, taking her hand and walking her down the hall. They returned to the dining-room, and everyone looked at them expectantly. At the head of the table patrick shook his glass and then shook it. Presiding over the table, paul shook his glass. “I apologize , if you think I ought not to, I owe you my hand — to show my respect to you and your wife. I do not wish to apologize , I only wish to be grateful that she has met such a fine man who will be a good husband to her and a good father to her . .” “I apologize to you,” said Presiding over his lips, with a smile. He and Paul shook hands to signify the promise. When they got to the dining-room they all looked out of the window with expectation. “Thanks to you, my dear Mr. Murphy, I apologize.” She thought it was a good way to get friends and relatives together. After seeing the princess’s face in the mirror, she was almost blinded by the gleaming beads and beads on the sari. Although she had seen this gown, it had been transformed into something from a bollywood movie. Her wish was to honour the culture of the princess and dress as a bride of Indian origin. She had entered the dress-shop with Lavani and Shveta. She had had no idea that the dress-shop was all her own. She had looked in it in front of her and it had been turned into something like a palace-planet . all she had missing was the jewels which Pesh’s family had asked her to wear. Apparently, it was all heirloom and kept at a bank. But she didn’t know that pesh’s family was on a modest scale. Luckily, she had a jewel-embroidered drape over her shoulders and down her side. The outfit she was wearing put her against the most extravagant models of the Miss America sari. The top part was undone, the waistband cut into a narrow bow and fell to the floor in the most exquisite silk. But it was hard to imagine she was going to flutter off, as the dress was flitting along. The short strands were pulled back a little and tied round in a loose curl, the curls drooping on one side, with a beautiful purple orchid adorned the curls. Then, when she heard Lavani's words, she felt tears rolling down her eyes. " Thank you," she murmured. "I knew before Pesh I was in darkness. But, when you entered my life, you brought back that light." , when she felt like speaking without crying, she put her hands together as if praying and then bowed her head, as was the custom of the culture of pesh ,