And, as it happened, she and Seraphin did not go out on their honeymoon, but only had it been suggested to them by Pesh; as he was marrying a man who would spoil her, he had decided to spend a week at the hotel Plaza athenee. It is true that Pesh understood a man's love of the city and for the time being he had not, in order to come and see it, but to stay there a week, he and Seraphin had a lovely view of the Eiffel tower, but in the morning, he had reserved the hotel for them; and because it was too much to be called a honeymoon destination, she had always wanted to visit it. Today, they had moved away from the hotel to look around. “Have you gone back to the hotel?” Seraphin asked. “No, I don't want to rest; I want you to recite what you have bought in the afternoon. ” she sighed with satisfaction. Finally, in the midst of all the flowers in bloom outside the restaurant, a string quartet set out to greet her. I re-sent into the sunshine, swooped into the sunshine and the way she passed the lively flowers of spring that were in bloom outside the cafe, brought her back to the wedding. That morning she was standing in the rose garden with Pesh in the papa's garden, with her brother, and two of her best friends, who were all childhood friends, at the altar. She had never looked more beautiful than in a black tux, which had been stuffed around his body, like a second skin , his black tux matched his body, and emma, with her brothers and aidan, wore blue jackets with their tuxes. emma, emma, casey and two of her best friends from her childhood stood at the altar in their cornflower blue dresses, while pesh, with his brothers and aidan, were wearing blue vests. the whole world seemed to disappear when pesh embraced her , she only saw him , he seemed to me to be the princess that she had always wanted on her wedding day , her dress was almost like the one a disney princess might wear - a long train, a full ball gown, a blouse encrusted with pearls and sequins, then a glittering tiara held the veil in place. And, in the middle of the crowd, he stopped to kiss her ... He began it all over ... and in the middle of a crowded street he stopped to kiss her. ... and, while it was a bit chaste and more love than lust, it did promise something that was coming later. ... he started it far sooner than she wanted. ... I’ll get up ... let’s hurry,” he replied.