They rushed to the elevator like two unruly kids. They got in, wrapped their arms around each other, and kissed passionately until the door rang out. They were all pulled apart so that they could get out of the room and into their suite. The tight black lining was fine black, with a few rosy-pink ribbons that darted through them, making intricate designs. It made her mouth swell up and nay, and she was squeezing out the kiss. she was giggling, but she nodded her head. Then she pulled her hair back, she could not help looking in the mirror. Having drawn her hair, she had to take a step forward. And she brushed her hair. She shook her head and laughed at him. " Not yet . . . but I have to get dressed. " , he muttered. " As she closed the door and closed it, she put her trunks down and walked in. She was fully naked and reached for the lingerie. The black and pink blouses were black velvet, lace and had pink bows at the sides of the breasts, as if the blouse was as big as her thighs. Now, she feels so light in his arms, he guides her to the bed and gently presses her on the bed. There is a tempestuous ring of heat and moisture in her blood, and when he creeps over her, she is quite irritable and cries. . . . yes, i do. You will have to go back and buy a bunch of more. " She leans over the fabric of her dress, and kisses her stomach. ... ? Do you like the clothes, do you like the lingerie?" she whispers, tightening her fingers in his hair. The shirt pulled on the straps, he bared her br... sts. While he was stroking her, the heat and humidity kicked up in her heart, and her heart began to beat with anticipation. " One hand, the other, the lingerie ... the lingerie ... the lingerie ... the lingerie ... in one go , the ring, the cup, the rice ... he kissed her stomach. as he was making slow circles around the lingerie, he went back to the front. And then he squeezed the softened peak in his mouth , he pulled out his ring and tapped on it. Her exposed skin twitched, and her face smiled. - Oh, did you want me to touch you somewhere else? - with a growl, he grasped her by the ax and forced her to her knees - he slipped down the mattress, right at his mouth.