I’m a madman,” she muttered, stepping out of the car. “No, oh yes, you’ve got a bunch of ice cream to buy for you,” she cried. “I thought you were sitting there with my aunts. ” And so he went to fetch my son while she went into the house. When they got to Patrick’s, Megan did a double take at seeing an inflatable jumping castle out on the lawn. john, percy and georgie had already dragged him there. And he was right: “Now the monster of partying has struck again!” she mused. When she reached the kitchen she threw herself over her chest and whirled around frantically. The balloons and flowers filled the foyer and the living room.  emma bent down on one hand,  emma answered, “The williamson brothers’ barbecue ... it’s nothing fancy ...” emma giggled.  emma cross-embraced her chest. In the crack in the door, Aidan looked out over the room, bouncing Caroline in his arms. , it was only through the crack of the door that she could see him passing around the room, his hand swaying towards Caroline. “And where are you doing here?” he asked. “I have never seen you so much as a neil diamond fan,” she said, smiling knowingly. “But the way you look at her, it’s all very well,” he said. “It’s just as if she were out to have a good time,” he said, with a flush running down his cheeks. As Aidan went down the familiar hallway, she stopped outside of Aidan’s boyhood bedroom. “Oh, oh, yes,” he said. “But sweet Caroline, dear,” he said, letting out a soft sigh. When he was able to resume the song, Aidan said, “It’s really unfair to torture her like that.” “I have been thinking about you all the time,” said Megan. ‘You’re terrible,’ said Angela, with a grin. ‘My little princess,’ said Angela, and held out her arms to aidan. ‘I agree that you’re a good girl because you look just like your mother.’ ‘Oh, you can,’ said Angela, ‘but I would like to see her in a fairy dress.’ Caroline, dressed in a sparkling purple dress and a purple bow, seemed to be wearing her baby stuff. Unlike Noah’s strawberry-blond hair, hers was a deep red.