Wireless Communication Systems cops Problem.
Problem resorts Channel Codes.
Channel Codes uses Architectures.
Works addresss Architectures.
Architectures employs Turbo Decoders.
Turbo Decoders optimizes Architectures.
Works concentrates Architectures.
Architectures uses Topologies.
Topologies proposes Network-On-Chip.
Network-On-Chip designs Architectures.
Works is the dealt with of Application-Specific Instruction-Set Processor.
Application-Specific Instruction-Set Processor implements Turbo Decoders.
Application-Specific Instruction-Set Processor uses Multi-Asip Architecture.
Multi-Asip Architecture requires Network-On-Chip.
Network-On-Chip is the utilized for interconnection of Topologies.
Network-On-Chip reduces Topologies.
Topologies investigates Results.
Topologies extends Results.
Topologies studys Results.
Topologies considers Results.
Results designs Architecture.
Results analyzes Characteristics.
Results evaluates Requirements.
Results summarizes Topologies.
Results introduces Routing Algorithms.
Results describes Network-On-Chip.
Routing Algorithms considers Architecture.
Results describes Architecture.
Results presents Experimental Results.
Processing Elements is the exchange information of Memories.
Processing Elements is the perform algorithm of Siso Module.
Siso Module is the executes of Bcjr Algorithm.
Siso Module is the utilizes for information exchange of Memories.
Decoding Process is the iterative of Iterations.
Iterations is the sequentially performs algorithm of Siso Module.
Iterations composes Half Iterations.
Half Iterations exchanges Extrinsic Information.
Extrinsic Information is the sent during half iteration of Memories.
Memories is the stores information of Siso Module.
Decoding Process relates Clock Cycles.
Clock Cycles is the determines completion time of Half Iterations.
Decoding Process measures Throughput.
Throughput is the dependent on frequency of Clock Frequency.
Throughput is the impacts by number of iterations of Iterations.
Throughput is the aims to achieve of Target Throughput.
Target Throughput requires Iterations.
Target Throughput needs Parallelism Degree.
Target Throughput is the ranges for achieving throughput of Asip Architectures.
Asip Architectures is the affects throughput of Complexity.
Asip Architectures is the influences latency of Interconnection Structures.
Asip Architectures is the determines range of iterations of Target Throughput.
Asip Architectures is the impacts cycles of Interconnection Structures.
Interconnection Structures relates Cycles.
Interconnection Structures is the affects throughput of Cycles.
Interconnection Structures is the influences decoding process of Throughput.
Interconnection Structures is the impacts performance of Target Throughput.
Interconnection Structures requires Parallelism Degree.
Interconnection Structures is the utilized for communication of Routing Algorithms.
Interconnection Structures is the reduces communication bandwidth of Routing Algorithms.
Topologies investigates Results.
Topologies extends Results.
Topologies studys Results.
Topologies considers Results.
Results designs Architecture.
Results analyzes Characteristics.
Results evaluates Requirements.
Results summarizes Topologies.
Results introduces Routing Algorithms.
Results describes Network-On-Chip.
Routing Algorithms considers Architecture.
Results describes Architecture.
Results presents Experimental Results.