Microarray Technology is the monitors of Gene-Expression.
Microarray Technology uses Biomedical Studies.
Experimental Design is the involves of Phenotypes.
Experimental Design is the involves of Diseased Tissue.
Experimental Design is the involves of Normal Tissue.
Experimental Design is the aims to discover of Differentially Expressed Genes.
Statistical Testing Procedures includes T-Test.
Statistical Testing Procedures includes Significance Analysis Of Microarrays.
Statistical Testing Procedures is the applies of Multiple Testing Corrections.
Gene Set Enrichment Analysis (Gsea) is the discovers of Gene Sets.
Gene Set Enrichment Analysis (Gsea) is the discovers of Biological Pathways.
Gene Set Enrichment Analysis (Gsea) is the analyzes of Lung Cancer Sample Groups.
Gene Set Enrichment Analysis (Gsea) is the analyzes of P53 Hypoxial Pathway.
Gene Set Enrichment Analysis (Gsea) is the improves consistency of Gene Sets.
Gene Combination Search is the motivates creation of Combinations Of Genes.
Gene Combination Search is the motivates creation of Differential Coexpression.
Multivariate Tests is the not suitable for of Hotelling S.
Multivariate Tests is the not suitable for of Dempster S T1.
Differential Gene Combination Search (Dgcs) designs Gene Pairs.
Differential Gene Combination Search (Dgcs) designs Size-2 Combinations.
Differential Gene Combination Search (Dgcs) designs Sdc.
Differential Gene Combination Search (Dgcs) designs N-Statistic.
Differential Gene Combination Search (Dgcs) designs Higher-Order Gene Combination.
Differential Gene Combination Search (Dgcs) provides Biological Insights.
Gene Combination Techniques is the impacts of False Discovery Rates.
Gene Combination Techniques is the proposes of Gene Combination Measures.
Gene Combination Based Scores is the integrates of Score-To-Pvalue Transformation.
Gene Combination Assisted Gsea Approach is the improves of Gene Sets.
Gene Combination Assisted Gsea Approach is the improves of Disease-Associated Gene Sets.
Gene Combination Assisted Gsea Approach is the improves of Biologically Relevant Gene Sets.
Gene Combination Assisted Gsea Approach is the improves of Common Biological Processes.
Phenotypic Classes is the consists of of Gene Expression Values.
Gene Combination Measures includes Subspace Differential Coexpression Measure.
Gene Combination Measures includes Signal-To-Noise Ratio.
Gsea utilizes Research Groups.
Integrative Framework applys Gene Sets.
Experiments utilizes Ranking Information.
Ranking Information maps Values.
Values is the mapped based on of Genes.
Data Sets describes Parameters.
Parameters considers Univariate Statistic.
Parameters considers Gene-Combination Measures.
Gene-Combination Measures defines Size-2 Combinations.
Gene-Combination Measures defines Size-59 Combinations.
Gene-Combination Measures defines Size-66 Combinations.
Dgcs integrates Gsea.
P53 Status studys Gene Combinations.
Gene Sets uses Parameters.
Gene Sets From Msigdb uses Parameters.
Measures describes Size-2 Combinations.
Measures describes Size-59 Combinations.
Measures describes Size-66 Combinations.
Apoptosis Related Pathways enrichs Gene Sets.
Nfkb Pathway relates Apoptosis Related Pathways.
St-Gaq Pathway relates Apoptosis Related Pathways.
Tnf Pathway relates Apoptosis Related Pathways.
Monocyte-Ad Pathway relates Apoptosis Related Pathways.
Hivnef Pathway relates Apoptosis Related Pathways.
Death Pathway relates Apoptosis Related Pathways.
Caspase Pathway relates Apoptosis Related Pathways.
Beta-Alanine Metabolism enrichs Gene Sets.
Hypoxia Responses relates Gene Sets.
Ubiquitin-Proteasome Pathway enrichs Gene Sets.
P53-Signaling Pathway enrichs Gene Sets.
G2 Pathway enrichs Gene Sets.
Gsk3 Pathway enrichs Gene Sets.
Integrative Framework discovers Multiple Measures.
Integrative Framework discovers Superset.
Integrative Framework discovers Gsea.
Integrative Framework discovers Dgcs Measures.
Integrative Framework assists Traditional Univariate Statistic-Based Gsea.
Integrative Framework decreases Fdr.
Integrative Framework discovers Gene Sets.
Integrative Framework discovers Boston Data Set.
Integrative Framework discovers Michigan Data Set.
Integrative Framework designs Permutation Tests.
Integrative Framework computes Random Gene Sets.
Integrative Framework demonstrates Statistical Power.
Integrative Framework demonstrates Result Consistency.
Integrative Framework handles Gene-Combinations.
Integrative Framework handles Gene-Combination Measures.
Integrative Framework integrates Gene Subnetwork Discovery.
Integrative Framework analyzes Snp Data.
Integrative Framework improves Constraints On Gene-Combinations.
Integrative Framework extends Procedure.
Procedure assigns Integer.
Procedure assigns Gene.
Procedure considers Common Gene Set.
Procedure controls False Positive Gene Combinations.
Space Limit summarizes Table 2.
Space Limit summarizes Figure [Fig:Bigtable12312009Half].
Table 2 associates Biological Processes.
Figure [Fig:Bigtable12312009Half] lists G. Fang.
Figure [Fig:Bigtable12312009Half] lists G. Pandey.
Figure [Fig:Bigtable12312009Half] lists M. Gupta.
Figure [Fig:Bigtable12312009Half] lists M. Steinbach.
Figure [Fig:Bigtable12312009Half] lists V. Kumar.
Figure [Fig:Bigtable12312009Half] lists K. Wang.
Figure [Fig:Bigtable12312009Half] lists M. Narayanan.
Figure [Fig:Bigtable12312009Half] lists H. Zhong.
Figure [Fig:Bigtable12312009Half] lists M. Tompa.
Figure [Fig:Bigtable12312009Half] lists E. E. Schadt.
Figure [Fig:Bigtable12312009Half] lists J. Zhu.