Fermionic Particles is the plays role in of Structure Of Matter.
Fermionic Particles is the plays role in of Energies.
Fermionic Particles is the plays role in of Trapped Atomic Fermi Gases.
Fermionic Particles is the plays role in of Quark-Gluon Plasmas.
Fermionic Particles is the plays role in of Strong Interactions.
Electrons is the plays role in of High-Temperature Superconductors.
Neutrons is the plays role in of Neutron Matter.
Many-Body Quantum Theories is the face challenges in of Strong Interactions.
Critical Temperature is the relates to of Superfluid-Normal Fluid Transition.
Theoretical Methods is the predicts of Critical Temperature.
Experimental Investigation is the needs to investigate of Strong Interactions.
Optical Cooling is the enables of Trapping Of Fermionic Atoms.
Fermi Gas produces Feshbach Resonance.
Feshbach Resonance is the defines system as of Unitary Fermi Gas.
Atomic Gases is the enable precise adjustment of of Interactions.
Atomic Gases is the enable precise adjustment of of Energy.
Atomic Gases is the enable precise adjustment of of Spin Population.
Experiments implements Expansion Hydrodynamics.
Expansion Hydrodynamics is the observes of Strongly Interacting Cloud.
Collective Modes uses Equation Of State.
Collective Modes uses Superfluid Hydrodynamics.
Sound Velocity uses Equation Of State.
Fermionic Pair Condensation observes Projection Experiments.
Fermionic Pair Condensation observes Fast Magnetic Field Sweeps.
Fermionic Pair Condensation probes Radio Frequency And Optical Spectroscopy.
Phase Separation observes Spin Polarized Samples.
Rotating Fermi Gases is the reveals of Vortex Lattices.
Rotating Fermi Gases is the reveals of Irrotational Flow.
Thermodynamic Properties measures Energy And Entropy.
Thermometry Methods uses Model-Independent Thermometry Methods.
Adiabatic Magnetic Field Sweeps estimates Empirical Temperature.
Model-Independent Thermometry Methods is the employs method of Mit Group.
Model-Independent Thermometry Methods is the demonstrates method of Ref..
Universal Many-Body Parameter determines Sound Velocity Measurement.
Universal Many-Body Parameter determines Ground State Energy.
Universal Many-Body Parameter is the explores of Systematic Error.
Universal Thermodynamic Functions derives Energy.
Universal Thermodynamic Functions derives Heat Capacity.
Universal Thermodynamic Functions derives Global Chemical Potential.
Optically-Trapped Fermi Gas is the consists of of Mixture Of Hyperfine States.
Optically-Trapped Fermi Gas confines Ultrastable Laser Trap.
Optically-Trapped Fermi Gas subjects Bias Magnetic Field.
Optically-Trapped Fermi Gas adjusts Trap Depth.
Optically-Trapped Fermi Gas is the achieves of Evaporation Suppression.
Trap Potential is the assumes shape of of Trap Conditions.
Trap Potential is the simplifies calculations using of Ideal Gas Properties.
Trap Potential is the simplifies calculations using of Theoretical Modelling.
Energy Measurement bases Virial Theorem.
Total Energy Measurement includes Anharmonic Corrections.
Energy Per Atom is the expresses in terms of of Local Density Approximation.
Local Density Approximation is the ensures of Scalar Pressure.
Energy is the measurement of Axial Mean Square Size.
Energy is the measurement of Total Energy Per Particle.
Energy is the measurement of Entropy.
Energy is the measurement of Sound Velocity.
Axial Mean Square Size is the measurement of Trap Frequency.
Fermi Gas is the determination of Total Energy Per Particle.
Fermi Gas is the determination of Entropy.
Fermi Gas is the determination of Sound Velocity.
Fermi Gas is the definition of Fermi Wavevector.
Fermi Gas is the definition of S-Wave Scattering Length.
Pseudogap Theory is the predicts of Ground State Energy.
Pseudogap Theory is the predicts of Measurement.
Different Theories is the converge of Temperature.
Measured Data is the determines of Temperature.
Measured Data is the uses of Fundamental Relation.
Fundamental Relation is the implements of Fit Function.
Temperature expects Power Law.
Harmonically Trapped Ideal Fermi Gas is the calculates of Entropy Per Particle.
Fit Function is the employs of Fit.
Noninteracting Fermi Gas is the fits of Fit.
Fit is the determines of Temperature.
Fit is the determines of Entropy.
Fit is the determines of Critical Parameters.
Uniform Strongly Interacting Fermi Gas is the predicts of Critical Parameters.
Uniform Strongly Interacting Fermi Gas is the yields of Fermi Temperature.
Uniform Strongly Interacting Fermi Gas is the extrapolates of Critical Temperature.
Uniform Strongly Interacting Fermi Gas is the compares of Trapped Gas.
Fit is the determines of Temperature.
Pair Condensation is the onset of Temperature.
Pair Condensation is the calibrates of Temperature.
Pair Condensation is the relates of Temperature.
Cloud Profiles is the calibrates of Temperature.
Ideal Gas is the measurement of Temperature.
Ideal Gas is the comparison of Fermi Gas.
Fermi Gas is the appearance of Pair Condensation.
Projection Experiments is the measurement of Ideal Gas.
Projection Experiments is the measurement of Temperature.
Projection Experiments is the measurement of Fermi Gas.
Projection Experiments is the measurement of Pair Condensation.
Calibration is the determination of Temperature.
Calibration is the determination of Energy.
Calibration is the determination of Fermi Radius.
Calibration is the determination of Sound Speed.
Calibration is the determination of Chemical Potential.
Calibration is the determination of Entropy.
Calibration is the determination of Heat Capacity.
Trapped Unitary Fermi Gas is the calculation of Eq.
Eq mentions Globalchempot.
Xmath141 haves Heat Capacity.
Heat Capacity is the fits of Power Law.
Power Law is the fits above and below of Xmath15.
Xmath15 is the yields of Xmath295.
Xmath15 is the yields of Xmath308.
Xmath308 is the where of Xmath309.
Eq obtains Globalchempot.
Globalchempot obtains Data Points.
Data Points is the and of Measured Energy.
Data Points is the and of Entropy.
Data Points determines Temperature.
Temperature is the to of Fit.
Fit uses Xmath4.
Xmath141 is the in of Eq.
Eq is the with a heat capacity jump of Evsslowengtwopower.
Eq gives Globalchempotvse.
Globalchempotvse is the best fit with of Low Temperature Data Points.
Low Temperature Data Points bes Power Law.
Power Law is the close to of Xmath279.
Xmath279 is the which is of Xmath281.
Globalchempotvse produces Slope.
Slope is the for of Xmath310.
Xmath15 gives Xmath311.
Xmath311 accords Slope.
Globalchempotvse is the changes from nearly zero to negative for of Slope.
Globalchempot obtains Slope.
Slope is the since of Xmath313.
Entropy bes Slope.
Slope produces Xmath295.
Xmath295 is the versus of Xmath1.
Xmath1 is the jump produces a of Heat Capacity.
Comparison is the shows of Fig.
Fig obtains Chemenergy.
Chemenergy obtains Xmath146.
Xmath146 is the in of Eq.
Eq is the where the heat capacity is continuous of Evsslowengtwopower.
Evsslowengtwopower obtains Blue Dashed Curve.
Trapped Unitary Fermi Gas studys Thermodynamic Properties.
Thermodynamic Properties is the of of Strongly Interacting Fermi Gas.
Thermodynamic Properties measures Energy.
Thermodynamic Properties measures Entropy.
Data obtains Model-Independent.
Data is the in of Superfluid.
Data is the in of Normal Fluid.
Data dos Theoretical Calibrations.
Data is the as of Benchmark.
Data is the to test of Predictions.
Predictions is the from of Many-Body Theories.
Predictions is the from of Simulations.
Data is the determines of Parameterizing.
Data is the determines of Temperature.
Data is the yields of Critical Parameters.
Data calibrates Temperature Scales.
Temperature Scales employs Observations.
Observations is the of of Pair Condensation.
Observations is the in of Heat Capacity Studies.
Observations is the yield of Calibrations.
Calibrations is the in of Critical Temperatures.
Data is the determines of Heat Capacity.
Heat Capacity is the exhibits a of Jump.
Heat Capacity is the at of Continuous.
Heat Capacity is the at of Critical Temperature.
Finite System is the with of Nonuniform Density.
Latter bes Most Likely.
Huge Interest is the in of Detailed Behavior.
Detailed Behavior is the of of Superfluid Transition.
Trapped Unitary Fermi Gas is the in of Determinations.
Determinations is the of of Critical Temperature.
Determinations is the of of Heat Capacity.
Determinations is the near of Chemical Potential.
Determinations is the near of Critical Point.
Determinations is the and of High Temperature Behavior.
Determinations is the to of Approach.
Determinations is the to of Ideal Gas Limit.
Research is the for of Important Topics.
Research is the for of Future Research.
Research haves Supported By.
Research is the of of Physics Divisions.
Research is the of of Army Research Office.
Research is the of of National Science Foundation.
Research is the of of Physics For Exploration Program.
Research is the of of National Aeronautics And Space Administration.
Research is the of of Chemical Sciences.
Research is the of of Geosciences.
Research is the of of Biosciences Division.
Research is the of of Office Of Basic Energy Sciences.
Research is the of of Office Of Science.
Research is the of of U. S. Department Of Energy.
Research is the thanks for of Willie Ong.
Willie Ong is the reading of of Manuscript.