Cs-Te Photocathodes is the production of Pulse Train.
Cs-Te Photocathodes is the production of Electron Bunches.
Cs-Te Photocathodes is the production of Charge.
Cs-Te Photocathodes is the production of Quantum Efficiency (Qe).
Cs-Te Photocathodes relates Spicer'S Theory.
Semiconductors is the describes of Energy Of Exciting Photons.
Optical Parametrical Oscillator is the produces of Wavelengths.
Frequency-Tripled Nd:Yag Laser is the pumps of Betabarium Borate (Bbo) Crystal.
Betabarium Borate (Bbo) Crystal is the produces of Signal Beam.
Signal Beam is the contains of Wavelengths.
Wavelengths is the range of of Visible Spectrum.
Dc-Gun locates Photoemission Lab At Cern.
Photoemission Lab At Cern measures Field Strength.
Photoemission Lab At Cern uses Copper Cathode Plug.
Copper Cathode Plug coats Cs-Te Photocathodes.
Copper Cathode Plug uses Rf-Gun.
Rubidium-Telluride measures Qe.
Rubidium-Telluride compares Energy Threshold.
K-Sb-Cs immunizes Oxygen.
K-Sb-Cs is the uses of Protective Layers.
Cs-Te Photocathodes measures On-Line Qe Measurement.
Film Thickness measures Quartz Oscillator.
Tellurium is the interacts with of Copper.
Tellurium is the forms compound with of Cesium.
Mo uses Tellurium.
Au uses Tellurium.
Tellurium is the forms compound with of Cesium.
Stoichiometric Ratio is the ratio with of Tellurium.
Residual Gas is the affects of Cathode.
Cathode is the determines of Lifetime.
Cathode is the affects of Qe.
Cathode is the affects of Field Strength.
Cathode is the affects of Vacuum.
Cathode is the affects of Extracted Charge.
Cathode is the condition for removal of Removed From Gun.
Rutherford Appleton Laboratory is the collaboration with of Cern.
Cathode is the produces of Dc Current.
Uv Laser is the illuminates of Cathode.
Pulses uses Cathode.
Gold Buffer Layer applys Cs-Te Photocathodes.
Stoichiometric Ratio Of Cs-Te relates Measurements.
Coating With 2 Nm Csbr is the affects of Quantum Efficiency.
E. Chevallay tests Photocathodes.
J. Durand tests Photocathodes.
S. Hutchins tests Photocathodes.
G. Suberlucq tests Photocathodes.
M. Wrgel tests Photocathodes.
E. Shefer tests Photocathodes.
A. Breskin tests Photocathodes.
R. Chechik tests Photocathodes.
A. Buzulutskov tests Photocathodes.
B.K. Singh tests Photocathodes.
M. Prager tests Photocathodes.