Iron Pnictides is the prototype system of High-Temperature Superconductivity.
Iron Pnictides relates Unconventional Superconductivity.
Iron Pnictides is the share common properties with of Magnetic Behavior.
Iron Pnictides is the exhibit of Phase Transition.
Iron Pnictides is the transition to of Tetragonal Crystal Symmetry.
Iron Pnictides is the transition to of Orthorhombic Crystal Symmetry.
Iron Pnictides is the accompany phase transition of Antiferromagnetic Order.
Iron Pnictides is the mandatory for understanding of Magnetic Fluctuations.
Iron Pnictides is the insight into of Electronic Structure.
Iron Pnictides is the important for studying of Angle-Resolved Photoemission Spectroscopy (Arpes).
Iron Pnictides is the formation during phase transition of Twinned Crystals.
Iron Pnictides is the significant role in electronic structure of Anisotropy.
Iron Pnictides is the show anisotropy of Fermi Surface.
Iron Pnictides investigates Magnetic Phase.
Iron Pnictides is the size comparison in magnetic state of Brillouin Zone (Bz).
Iron Pnictides is the quality determines theoretical description of Spin-Dependent Potentials.
Iron Pnictides is the affect intensity patterns of Matrix Element Effects.
Tanatar works Yi.
Yi works John Doe.
Co Substitutions is the affects of Magnetic Order.
Magnetic Moments is the decreases of Co Substitutions.
Arpes Band Structure is the involves of Alloying.
Alloying is the involves of Arpes Band Structure.
Arpes Band Structure is the shows of Anisotropy.
Antiferromagnetic Order is the affects of Anisotropy.
Ferromagnetic Order is the affects of Anisotropy.
Surface States is the generates of Surface Bands.
Determinant Condition is the uses of Bulk Crystal.
Determinant Condition is the uses of Surface Barrier Potential.
Surface State is the affects of Determinant Condition.
Surface Resonance is the affects of Determinant Condition.
Bulk States is the affects of Determinant Condition.
Fermi Surfaces is the shows of Determinant Condition.
Band Structures is the shows of Determinant Condition.
Surface Termination is the affects of Surface States.
As-Terminated Surface is the generates of Surface States.
Ba-Terminated Surface is the eliminates of Surface States.
Stoichiometric Ba Atoms is the covers of As-Terminated Surface.
Stoichiometric Ba Atoms is the covers of Ba-Terminated Surface.
Scanning Tunneling Microscopy (Stm) provides Surface Termination.
Low-Energy Electron-Diffraction (Leed) provides Surface Termination.
Experimental Measurements provides Surface Termination.
First Principle Calculations provides Surface Termination.
Orthorhombic observes Stripe Antiferromagnetic Ground-State.
Substitutional Disorder observes Cpa Level.
Magnetic Behavior is the affects of Substitutional Disorder.
In-Plane Anisotropy is the affects of Twinning Effects.
Phase Transition is the causes of Twinning Effects.
Detwinning Process is the reverses of Twinning Effects.
Uniaxial Stress requires Detwinning Process.
Electronic Structure is the reproduces of Experimental Data.
Fermi Surface is the reproduces of Experimental Data.
Bright Spots observes Fermi Surface.
Intensity is the affects of Fermi Surface.
Multiorbital Character is the indicates of Intensity.
Polarization Of Light is the affects of Intensity.