Xmath86 denotes Squared Hs - Norm.
Xmath86 denotes Cross - Covariance Operator.
Xmath86 denotes Xmath94.
Xmath95 bes Compact.
Xmath96 bes Compact.
Xmath97 is the and of Xmath99.
Xmath98 is the and of Xmath100.
Xmath101 is the if and only if of Independent.
Xmath102 bes Xmath7.
Xmath103 is the on of Hsic.
Xmath104 bes Symmetric Positive Semi - Definite Matrix.
Xmath105 bes Trace.
Xmath105 bes Xmath106.
Xmath107 bes Kic.
Xmath107 is the where of Complexity Term.
Eq : Hs bases Xmath109.
Xmath109 is the obtains of Complexity Measure.
Xmath110 bes Unknown Parameters.
Xmath111 bes Quadratic Optimization Problem.
Xmath111 bes Cubic Problem.
Xmath111 is the where of Xmath121.
Kic compares Loocv.
Kic compares Kernel - Based Icomp.
Kic compares Maximum Log Of Marginal Likelihood.
Kic is the to find the optimal of Ridge Regressors.
Kic compares Icomp.
Kic compares Gpr.
Icomp introduces Xmath136.
Icomp elaborates Eq : Cicomp.
Icomp elaborates Eq : Sigmaicomp.
Kic bes Synthetic.
Kic is the from a set of of 100 Points.
Kic samples Regular Intervals.
Kic is the to evaluate robustness to of Noise.
Kic is the at two of Noise - To - Signal ( Nsr ) Ratios.
Kic shows Sinc Function.
Sinc Function is the and the of Perturbed Datasets.
Kic bes Experiments.
Experiment 1 is the the effect of on complexity of Xmath21.
Experiment 1 is the results are shown in of Co_La_Kic.
Experiment 2 is the influence of of Training Sample Size.
Experiment 2 is the of 50 and 100 of Sample Sizes.
Experiment 2 uses Gaussian Kernel.
Experiment 2 bes Kic - Mse.
Experiment 3 uses Gaussian Kernel.
Experiment 3 is the for data with nsr of Gaussian Kernel.
Experiment 3 is the for data with nsr of Cauchy Kernel.
Experiment 3 is the of all methods is larger when nsr is high of Mse Values.
Experiment 4 is the of the models in comparison with loocv of Parameters.
Experiment 4 assesss Sample Size.
Experiment 4 is the the parameters are shown in of Parameters.
Loocv is the more concentrated frequency shows the more consistent selecting criterion of Parameters.
Loocv bes Sample Size.
Delve Datasets selects Abalone Dataset.
Delve Datasets selects Kin - Family Of Datasets.
Delve Datasets selects Puma - Family Of Datasets.
Abalone Dataset is the task is to estimate of Age Of Abalones.
Abalone Dataset uses Normalized Attributes.
Abalone Dataset obtains Confidence Interval.
Abalone Dataset is the 100 samples were selected randomly as the of Training Set.
Kin - Family Of Datasets is the realistic simulations of a of Robot Arm.
Kin - Family Of Datasets includes Angular Positions.
Kin - Family Of Datasets predicts Distance.
Kin - Family Of Datasets bes Angular Position.
Kin - Family Of Datasets gives Angular Velocities.
Kin - Family Of Datasets gives Torques.
Kin - Family Of Datasets compares Kic_1.
Kin - Family Of Datasets compares Kic_2.
Kin - Family Of Datasets compares Kic.
Kin - Family Of Datasets compares Loocv.
Puma - Family Of Datasets gets Kic.
Puma - Family Of Datasets achieves Loocv.
Puma - Family Of Datasets is the result of is comparable to icomp and better than gpr for puma-8 nm dataset of Kic.