Graphene is the basis of of Electronics.
Graphene is the center of attention of Xcite.
Nanostructured Graphene is the basis of of Graphene Nanoribbons ( Gnr).
Graphene Nanoribbons ( Gnr) is the candidate for of Molecular Wires.
Graphene Nanoribbons ( Gnr) is the plays crucial role for of Passivation.
Graphene Nanoribbons ( Gnr) is the plays crucial role for of Defects.
Xcite gives Raman Spectroscopy.
Xcite uses Tip-Enhanced Raman Spectroscopy (Ters).
Xcite uses Stm.
Graphene Nanoribbons ( Gnr) fabricates Lithographic Techniques.
Graphene Nanoribbons ( Gnr) fabricates Chemical Synthesis.
Graphene Nanoribbons ( Gnr) fabricates Epitaxial Growth.
Graphene Nanoribbons ( Gnr) fabricates Longitudinal Unzipping Of Carbon Nanotubes.
Xcite investigates Vibrational Properties.
Xcite calculates Phonon Band Structure.
Xcite calculates Empirical Potentials.
Xcite uses Dft.
Xcite is the theoretical predictions of of Raman Spectrum.
Xcite uses Density-Functional Theory (Dft).
Xcite investigates Edge Passivation.
Xcite investigates Backbone Bonding Motifs.
Xcite investigates Adatoms.
Xcite performs Electron Transport Calculations.
Xcite calculates Inelastic Electron Transport.
Xcite discusss Atomistic Model Setup.
Xcite extracts Electron-Phonon (E-Ph) Couplings.
Xcite implements Finite Differences.
Xcite is the focus on of Armchair And Zigzag Gnrs.
Xcite is the explore with of Charge Carrier Concentrations.
Xcite is the explore with of Realistic Defects.
Xcite is the modify of Defect Signals.
Xcite is the affects of Spin Polarization.
Xcite measures Voltage-Dependent Conductance.
Xcite uses Numerically Effective Scheme.
Xcite scans Gate Voltages.
Xcite is the around of Phonon Threshold.
Xcite calculates Inelastic Electron Tunneling Spectroscopy (Iets).
Xcite calculates Differential Conductance.
Xcite uses Nonequilibrium Green'S Functions (Negf).
Xcite uses Lowest Order Expansion (Loe).
Xcite uses Conductance Quantum.
Xcite uses Fermi-Dirac Function.
Xcite uses Hilbert Transform.
Xcite calculates Voltage-Independent.
Xcite is the around of Phonon Threshold.
Xcite scans Gate Voltages.
Xcite calculates Inelastic Electron Tunneling Spectroscopy (Iets).
Xcite calculates Differential Conductance.
Xcite uses Nonequilibrium Green'S Functions (Negf).
Xcite uses Lowest Order Expansion (Loe).
Xcite uses Conductance Quantum.
Xcite uses Fermi-Dirac Function.
Xcite uses Hilbert Transform.
7-Agnr is the classification of Large-Gap Ribbons.
7-Agnr is the property of Lateral Confinement.
7-Agnr is the property of Electron-Electron Interaction.
7-Agnr is the property of Quasi One-Dimensional Gnrs.
7-Agnr is the material of Pristine Graphene.
7-Agnr is the material of Hexagonal Boron-Nitride (Hbn).
7-Agnr is the method of Gw Calculations.
7-Agnr is the property of Finite Size Of The Dynamical Region.
7-Agnr is the property of Gate Voltage.
7-Agnr is the property of Active E-Ph Coupling Region.
7-Agnr is the property of Spin-Polarized Edge States.
7-Agnr is the property of Defects In The Gnr.
Signal is the vibration of Carbon Dimers.
Signal haves Energy.
Signal is the outside vibrational spectrum of Pristine Ribbon.
C - C Bonds is the interchange intensity of Defect.
C - C Bonds is the signals by defects of Defect.
Defect is the contribute to signals of Out - Of - Plane Modes.
Cu - Adatom is the contribute to signals of Out - Of - Plane Modes.
Zgnr is the broader signals of Signal.
Zgnr is the absence of large voltage of Gate Voltage.
Zgnr is the breaking of axial mirror symmetry of Spin - Polarized Edges.
Spin - Degenerate Calculations is the indirect proof of spin - polarization of Zgnr.
R57`-Reconstruction is the broadens signals of Signal.
R57`-Reconstruction is the breaks symmetry of Carbon Atom.
Carbon Atom is the substitute of Silicon Atom.
Silicon Atom is the buckle of Ribbon.
Silicon Atom is the contribute to signals of Out - Of - Plane Modes.
Gnrs is the related of Graphene - Based Structures.
Gnrs is the overlap of Metallic Electrodes.
Stm Tip couples Gnrs.