Gc associates B158.
B158 is the also known as of Bo 158.
B158 names Revised Bologna Catalogue V3.4.
B158 is the contains of Bright X-Ray Source.
Bright X-Ray Source discovers Einstein Observatory.
Bright X-Ray Source is the contains of X-Ray Source Xb158.
X-Ray Source Xb158 associates Neutron Star Binary.
Neutron Star Binary haves Low Mass Donor.
Neutron Star Binary bes Low Mass X-Ray Binary (Lmxb).
Neutron Star Binary is the likely to exhibit of Superhump Phenomenon.
Superhump Phenomenon observes Accreting Binaries.
Accreting Binaries is the belongs to of Su Uma Subclass.
Su Uma Subclass is the subclass of of Cataclysmic Variables.
Cataclysmic Variables includes Accreting White Dwarf Binaries.
Accreting White Dwarf Binaries is the manifests as of Superoutbursts.
Superoutbursts enhances Superhump Phenomenon.
Superhump Phenomenon is the slightly longer than of Orbital Period.
Su Uma Subclass is the subclass of of Dwarf Novae.
Dwarf Novae is the increases in of Optical Brightness.
Superhump Phenomenon causes Tidal Instability.
Tidal Instability is the occurs when crosses of Outer Disk.
Outer Disk is the crosses with of 3:1 Resonance.
Tidal Instability is the enhances of Secondary.
Secondary is the causes loss of of Angular Momentum.
Angular Momentum is the affects of Accretion Rate.
Tidal Instability is the causes of Disk Precession.
Disk Precession bes Rest Frame.
Secondary is the repeats motion on of Beat Period.
Secondary is the modulates on of Disk Precession.
Secondary is the modulates on of Viscous Dissipation.
Viscous Dissipation is the results in of Maxima.
Short Period is the exhibits of Superhumps.
Cataclysmic Variables is the exhibit of Permanent Superhumps.
Xmm-Newton Pn Spectrum models Blackbody.
Xmm-Newton Pn Spectrum models Power Law.
Xmm-Newton Pn Spectrum finds Photon Index.
Xmm-Newton Pn Spectrum finds Luminosity.
Xmm-Newton Pn Spectrum is the accretor is of Neutron Star.
Smoothed Particle Hydrodynamical (Sph) Modeling assumes Neutron Star.
Smoothed Particle Hydrodynamical (Sph) Modeling estimates Disk Precession Period.
Chandra Observations is the spanning over of Accretion Rates.
Chandra Observations includes Xb158.
Chandra Observations is the due to of Varying Accretion Rates.
Xb158 expects Super-Orbital Period.
Swift Observations finds Super-Orbital Period.
Swift Observations finds Evidence For Super-Orbital Period.
Swift Observations makes 30 Swift Observations.
Swift Observations is the one of the main targets for of Xb158.
Swift Observations obtains Luminosity Estimates.
Swift Observations tests Off-Axis Angle.
Spectra uses Luminosity Estimates.
Spectra uses Luminosity.
Lightcurve fits Sinusoidal Components.
Lightcurve presents Periodogram.
Periodogram is the indicates likelihood of peak of False Alarm Probability.
Periodogram is the shows significance of peak of Detection.
Hr is the monitoring of M31 Central Region.
Swift is the fitting of Sinusoid.
Sinusoid reveals Super-Orbital Period.
Super-Orbital Period is the peaks at of Lomb-Scargle Periodogram.
Super-Orbital Period is the differs from predicted of 3D Sph Simulations.
3D Sph Simulations is the likely caused by of Mass Ratio.
Roche Lobe Filling Main Sequence Star is the approximation of Mass Ratio.
Roche Lobe Filling Main Sequence Star assumes Donor.
Roche Lobe Filling Main Sequence Star assumes Accretor.
B158 fits Power Law Emission Model.
2004 July 16 Xmm-Newton Spectrum yields B158.
B158 obtains Photon Index.
Photon Index is the mass comparison of Neutron Stars.
Xb158 is the contains of Neutron Stars.
Xb158 is the possibility of Massive Neutron Star.
Xb146 exhibits Luminosity Fluctuations.
Xb146 observes Chandra Monitoring Observations.
Xb146 is the indicative of of Short Period/Low Mass Ratio System.
New Findings is the support of Short Period/Low Mass Ratio System.
Anonymous Referees suggests Improvements.
Swift Team makes Work.
Work funds Swift Grant Nnx13Aj76 G.