Smartphones is the enabler of Wireless Communications.
Tablets is the enabler of Wireless Communications.
Online Services is the increase of Frequency Of Users Online Activities.
Facebook is the increase of Frequency Of Users Online Activities.
Youtube is the increase of Frequency Of Users Online Activities.
Rise Of Online Services is the increase of Data.
Data is the circulation of Circulating Over Wireless Networks.
Increase In Demand is the impact of Straining Current Cellular Systems.
Increase In Demand is the impact of Requirement For Novel Approaches For Network Design.
Device-To-Device Communication is the boost of Boost The Performance Of Wireless Networks.
User Equipments is the transmission of Transmit Data Signals.
User Equipments participates Device-To-Device Communication.
Licensed Band utilizes Device-To-Device Communication.
Social Network Characteristics is the assist of Reduce The Load On The Cellular System.
Traffic is the offload of Offloaded.
Algorithm is the propose of Offloading Traffic.
Chernoff Bound is the set of Number Of Old Contents User Selects.
Network Layers is the dissemination of Information Disseminated.
Onsn is the platform of Acquire The Links Of Contents.
Onsn is the transmit of Data Package Of Contents.
Offsn is the represent of Requested Contents Of Links To Transmit.
Density Of Users is the impact of Data Transmissions Occurs.
D2D Networks is the form of Offsn.
Social Relations is the basis of Form D2D Networks.
Human Mobility is the show of Temporal Regularity.
Human Mobility is the show of Spatial Regularity.
Contact Duration Distribution is the define of Contact Duration.
Contact Duration is the impact of Communication Session.
Closeness Metric is the represent of Establish A Successful Communication Period.
Communication Probability is the define of Weight Of The Link.
Link is the affect of Closeness Metric.
Threshold is the define of Filter The Boundary.
Content Links is the platform of Disseminate.
Content Popularity Distribution is the predict of Predict Users Selections.
Indian Buffet Process is the model of Content Popularity Distribution.
Stochastic Process is the analogous of Content Selection Behavior.
Diners participates Sample From An Infinite Selection Of Dishes.
Dishes participates Select Its Preferred Dishes.
Customers participates Select Dishes.
Content Selection Behavior is the analogous of Dish Selection.
Inter-Offsn Interference is the restrict of Restrict By Methods Such As Power Control.
Intra-Offsn Interference is the cause of Experience Interference.
Resource Sharing is the impact of Intra-Offsn Interference.
Transmission Rate is the define of Define.
Switching Over is the cause of Extra Data Transmission.
Control Signals is the impact of Transmission.
Information Feedback is the feedback of Access Process.
Utility Function is the propose of Offload The Traffic.
Enb is the collects encounter history of Users.
Enb is the computes of Closeness.
Enb is the chooses dynamically of Locations.
Enb is the decides on adding user of Offsn.
Enb is the avoids interference of Power Control.
Users is the constructs communication session of Offsn.
Websites is the assigns of Enb.
Enb is the inspects user location of Tag.
Enb is the serves requests of White Area.
Enb is the waits for activities of Offsn.
Current User haves Prior Information.
Enb is the detects resources of Data.
Enb is the sets up of D2D Communication.
Enb is the sends control signal of Ue.
Ue is the establishes communication link of Ue.
Enb is the waits for process to finish of D2D Communication.
Enb is the reverts back to serve directly of Ue.
Enb is the serves directly of User.
Enb is the updates of Posterior.
Enb is the summarizes of Algorithm.
Enb is the generates of Offsn.
Enb is the collects of Encounter Information.
Ues forms Onsn.
Users is the analyzes activities of Onsn.
Algorithm is the evaluates of Traffic Offloading Performance.
Algorithm is the derives bound of Amount Of Traffic.
Algorithm is the downloads of Contents.
Locally Accessible Contents relates Total Contents.
Locally Accessible Contents relates New Contents.
Algorithm is the derives number of Old Content.
Algorithm is the defines of Expected Number.
Algorithm is the adopts for analysis of Chernoff Bound.
Sequence is the consists of of Trials.
Case is the specifies of Bound.
Algorithm is the plots of Chernoff Bound.
Algorithm is the plots of Saddlepoint Approximation.
Algorithm is the plots of Empirical Cdf.
Algorithm is the proves of Analysis.
Algorithm is the proposes of Approach.
Individuals is the forms of Offsn.
Individuals is the establishes of Onsn.
Individuals is the exploits of Influence.
Users is the requests of Contents.
Algorithm is the reduces of Traffic.
Simulation Results is the affect of Parameters.