Bose-Einstein Condensates loads Optical Lattices.
Bose-Einstein Condensates describes Cubic Gross-Pitaevskii Equation.
Bose-Einstein Condensates is the features of Bogoliubov Excitation Spectrum.
Bose-Einstein Condensates studys Solitons.
Optical Lattices is the affects of Matter-Wave Dynamics.
Optical Lattices is the creates of Solitons.
Optical Lattices is the affects of Stability Region.
Optical Lattices is the affects of Harmonic-Trap Potential.
Optical Lattices is the applies to of Self-Focusing Media.
Three-Body Interactions is the leads to of Quantum Phases.
Quantum Phases includes Topological Phases.
Quantum Phases includes Spin Liquids.
Quantum Phases includes Fractional Quantum-Hall States.
Light Propagation is the models of Self-Focusing Media.
Mean-Field Approximation uses Hamiltonian.
Lieb-Liniger Model solves Bethe Ansatz.
Variational Approximation is the applies to of Stability Region.
Harmonic-Trap Potential is the depends on of Stability Region.
External Magnetic Field is the controls of Three-Body Interactions.
Mean-Field Equation is the describes of Gpe.
Gpe includes Cq Nonlinearity.
Gpe includes Repulsive Two-Body Interactions.
Soliton Solutions relates Gpe.
Soliton Solutions is the affects of Density.
Soliton Solutions is the affects of Soliton Center.
Soliton Solutions requires Normalization Condition.
Soliton Solutions is the considers of Stability Criterion.
Soliton Solutions is the considers of Periodic Potential.
Variational Approximation is the utilizes of Soliton Solutions.
Variational Approximation bases Ansatz.
Energy relates Soliton Energy.
Soliton Energy is the depends on of Critical Value.
Soliton Energy is the indicates of Collapse.
Ground-State is the contrasts with of Delocalized State.
Ground-State is the contrasts with of Collapse Threshold.
Stability Region is the depends on of Mismatch.
Parabolic Trapping Potential combines External Potential.
Parabolic Trapping Potential is the excludes of Binary Collisions.
Mismatch is the affects of Local Minimum.
Mismatch relates Lattice Potential.