Supernovae indicates Standard Cosmology Model.
Cosmic Microwave Background Radiation indicates Standard Cosmology Model.
Baryon Acoustic Oscillations indicates Standard Cosmology Model.
Large-Scale Structure indicates Standard Cosmology Model.
Physicists proposes Standard Cosmology Model.
Standard Cosmology Model introduces Torsion Cosmology.
Torsion Cosmology proposes Dynamical Dark Energy.
Torsion Cosmology proposes Modified Gravity Theories.
Torsion Cosmology proposes Inhomogeneous Universes.
Torsion Cosmology attracts Torsion Cosmology Researchers.
Torsion Cosmology Researchers is the developed of Torsion Cosmology Equations.
Torsion Cosmology Equations investigates Poincar Gauge Theory.
Torsion Cosmology Researchers identifys Dynamical Scalar Torsion.
Dynamical Scalar Torsion is the mimicked of Accelerating Expansion.
Torsion Cosmology Researchers introduces Dsgt.
Dsgt bases De Sitter Gauge Theory.
De Sitter Gauge Theory inspires De Sitter Invariant Special Relativity.
De Sitter Gauge Theory takes Gravitational Action.
De Sitter Gauge Theory introduces Gauge Potential.
Gauge Potential defines De Sitter Connection.
De Sitter Connection associates Curvature.
De Sitter Connection combines Torsion Of Lorentz-Connection.
Dsgt is the form of of Yang-Mills Gauge Theory.
Dsgt is the comprise of Field Equations.
Field Equations ensures Bianchi Identities.
Bianchi Identities is the lead to of Continuity Equation.
Dsgt is the work on of Robertson-Walker Cosmological Metric.
Robertson-Walker Cosmological Metric is the form of of Torsion Tensor Components.
Robertson-Walker Cosmological Metric reduces Field Equations Reduction.
Field Equations Reduction is the transform to of Einstein-Like Equations.
Field Equations Reduction is the transform to of Yang-Like Equations.
Yang-Like Equations assumes Spin Density.
Spin Density ensures Continuity Equation.
Continuity Equation is the derive from of Dimensionless Transformation.
Dust Universe considers Autonomous System.
Autonomous System is the investigate of Critical Points.