Coherent Control attracts Atomic And Molecular Dynamics.
Coherent Control uses Optical Fields.
Quantum Phase Information is the causes of Decoherence.
Decoherence is the results in of Loss Of Control.
Coherent Control is the efforts to understand of External Environments.
Interference Schemes is the embody of Coherent Control.
Photon Scenario provides Coherent Control.
Two-Level System examines Photon Scenario.
Continuous Wave Electromagnetic Field is the incident on of Two-Level System.
Continuous Wave Electromagnetic Field composes Superposition.
Superposition includes Fundamental Wave.
Superposition includes Third Harmonic Wave.
Superposition is the alters population of of Excited State.
Decoherence is the diminishes induced interference of Superposition.
Experimental Studies carrys Two-Level System.
Stability examines Control Scheme.
Two-Level System couples Environment.
Two-Level System is the reduces to of Monochromatic Field.
Two-Level System determines Effective Rabi Frequency.
Two-Level System is the varies with of Relative Phase.
Two-Level System controls Excited State Population.
Two-Level System is the affects of Dephasing.
Excited State Population is the depends on of Pulse Duration.
Control Behavior is the depends on of Pulse Duration.
Control Behavior shows Rabi Frequencies.
Control Curve is the determines of Time.
Control Curve is the determines of Excited Populations.
Control Curve is the determines of Fields.
Control Curve is the leads to of Dephasing.
Range Of Control is the depends on of Magnitude.
Range Of Control is the depends on of Relative Strength.
Range Of Control is the depends on of Effective Rabi Frequencies.
Range Of Control accords Eqs.
Phase Control Profiles is the dependent on of Pulse Duration.
Phase Control Profiles is the dependent on of Intensities.
Phase Control Profiles is the improves with of Degree Of Control.
Phase Control Profiles follows Control Curve.
Phase Control Profiles continues Law.
Phase Control Profiles sees Behavior.
Phase Control Profiles is the reduces for given pulse duration of Dephasing.
Field Case is the varies with pulse duration of Control Profile.
Field Case is the smaller than oscillation period leads to decrease in yield of Pulse Duration.
Field Case is the start to appear at specific point of Maximal Yields.
Field Case is the no longer follows specific law for pulse duration greater than period of Control Profile.
Field Case is the decreases with increasing parameter of Yield.
Strong Intensity Cases is the results in decay of parameter of Dephasing.
Strong Intensity Cases is the decay rate for given parameter of Rate.
Strong Intensity Cases is the worsens with increasing pulse duration of Degree Of Control.
Introduction Of Dephasing is the leads to convergence to specific value of Degree Of Control.
Direction is the extend to of Systems.
Direction is the hold for general case of Equations.
Direction considers Field Case.
Direction includes Equal Detuning.
Direction is the decay with same rate of Populations.
Equations is the lead to of Steady-State Values.
Equations is the allow for of Relaxation.
Equations is the lead to of Equilibrium.
Equations is the same form as of Bloch Equations.
Equations gives Analytical Solutions.
Equations is the serve as of Prototype.
Equations is the prototype for of Results.
Systems is the prototype for of Understanding.
Systems is the results of of Controlled Xenon Ionization.
Systems is the results of of Ibr Photodissociation.
Systems cites References.
Wiley locates New York.
Optical Resonance is the about of Two-Level Atoms.
Manuscript is the by of Preparation.
Dissertation is the from of University.