Fermi, Pasta, And Ulam is the study of Nonlinear Structures.
Hamiltonian Systems is the suggests of Grand Canonical Gibbs Distribution.
Grand Canonical Gibbs Distribution is the dependent on of Nonlinear Structures.
Nonlinear Structures corresponds Solitons.
Nonlinear Structures is the occurrence of Discrete Breathers.
Wave Turbulence Theory provides Rayleigh-Jeans Spectra.
Nonlinear Multimode Waveguides attracts Thermalization.
Nonlinear Optical Waveguides models Discrete Nonlinear Schrodinger Equation (Dnlse).
Discrete Nonlinear Schrodinger Equation (Dnlse) studys Thermalization.
Discrete Nonlinear Schrodinger Equation (Dnlse) is the conditions for occurrence of Discrete Breathers.
Discrete Nonlinear Schrodinger Equation (Dnlse) predicts Universal Correlations.
Polarized Light is the propagation in of Birefringent Material.
Polarized Light is the corresponds to of Mode Interaction.
Jones Description is the description of of Polarized Light.
1D Calssical Xy Model is the calculation of Partition Function.
Partition Function is the contribution of Linear Coupling Term.
Linear Coupling Term is the contribution of Inverse Temperature.
Scalar Dnlse is the demand of Inverse Temperature.
Inverse Temperature is the requirement of Circularly Polarised.
Initial Input is the requirement of Circularly Polarised.
Universal Temperature Constant is the independence of Inverse Temperature.
Waveguide is the presentation of Universal Correlations.
Vector Case is the presentation of Universal Correlations.
Numerical Simulations is the presentation of Universal Correlations.
Universal Intensity Distribution is the presentation of Universal Correlations.
Universal Filed Correlations is the comparison of Universal Intensity Distribution.
Intensity Distribution is the comparison of Universal Intensity Distribution.
Intensity Distribution is the relation of Finite Width.
Saddle Point Approximation is the application of Inverse Temperature.
Scaling Dependence is the inference of Inverse Temperature.
Chemical Potential is the determination of Inverse Temperature.
Jones Parameters is the transformation of Stokes Parameters.
Poincar Sphere is the establishment of Intensity Distribution.
Eq - Beta is the contains parameter of Beta.
Eq - Beta is the contains parameter of Gamma.
Eq - Beta is the contains parameter of Lambda_1.
Eq - Beta is the contains parameter of Omega.
Eq - Beta is the contains parameter of S_3(0).
Eq - Beta is the contains initial conditions of Initial Conditions.
Universal Regime is the refers to section of Previous Section.
Symmetric Initial Condition is the contains randomised phases of Randomised Phases.
Anisotropic Case is the contains numerical solution of Numerical Solution.
Isotropic Case is the contains numerical solution of Numerical Solution.
Thermalization Length haves Order.
Thermalization Length measures Units Of Coupling Length.
2 Stokes Parameters haves Marginal Distribution.
Pdf - Stokes is the compares to theoretical profiles of Theoretical Profiles.
Pdf - S0 is the refers to universal correlation functions of Universal Correlation Functions.
Pdf - S0 is the describes universal intensity distribution of Universal Intensity Distribution.
Saddle - Pdfs is the refers to angle distribution of Angle Distribution.
Discrete Birefringent Waveguide Systems is the describes thermalized field dynamics of Thermalized Field Dynamics.
Thermal Phase haves Positive Temperature.
Localized Excitations is the relates to discrete breathers of Discrete Breathers.
Integrable Regime is the leads to anticontinuum limit of Anticontinuum Limit.
Nonlinear Polarization Dynamics haves Multimodal Structure.
Dynamic is the involves evolution of Evolution.
Jacobian is the contains narrow singularity of Narrow Integrable Singularity.