Titanium associates Phase Transition.
Zirconium associates Phase Transition.
Phase Transition is the leads to of Ideal Phase.
Chemically Ordered Analog is the illustrates of Observed Phase Transition.
Observed Phase Transition is the transition to of @Xmath0.
Observed Phase Transition is the transition to of @Xmath27.
Anharmonic Effects is the illustrates of Importance.
Anharmonic Effects is the illustrates of Strain Coupling.
Eigenmode is the of of Doubly-Degenerate Unstable Phonon.
Doubly-Degenerate Unstable Phonon is the in of Structure.
Doubly-Degenerate Unstable Phonon is the generates of @Xmath0.
Structure shows Projected Along Direction.
Structure represents Pd/Pt.
Structure represents Filled Circles.
Structure represents Ti.
Structure represents Open Circles.
Soft-Mode Approach is the of of Energy-Minimizing Freezing-In.
Soft-Mode Approach stabilizes Unstable Mode.
Undistorted Doubled Unit Cell is the contains of Sets Of (110) Planes.
Sets Of (110) Planes is the to of Unstable.
Sets Of (110) Planes is the at all q-points of Strain-Coupled Shuffling.
Structure is the simplest mode of @Xmath31.
@Xmath31 is the lowers symmetry to of Monoclinic.
Monoclinic is the monoclinic angle of @Xmath32.
Monoclinic haves Additional Free Parameters.
Additional Free Parameters is the the of Monoclinic Angle.
Additional Free Parameters is the and of Internal Parameters.
Internal Parameters is the values are of Given.
Given is the for of Relaxed Structure.
Computed @Xmath25 Phonon Modes is the in of @Xmath0 Structures.
Computed @Xmath25 Phonon Modes bes Stable.
Distortion To @Xmath1 is the can not be of Obtained.
Distortion To @Xmath1 is the by of Pure @Xmath31 Phonon Distortion.
Distortion To @Xmath1 is the if the of Strain.
Distortion To @Xmath1 is the only of Allowed To Relax Simulataneously.
Reason is the may be the of Previous Calculation.
Previous Calculation reports @Xmath0.
Relative Energies is the of of Various Relaxed Structures.
@Xmath0 Total Energy bes Lower.
Estimate Of The Transition Temperature is the suggest of Given By.
Estimate Of The Transition Temperature is the of of 1050K (Pdti).
Estimate Of The Transition Temperature is the of of 1755K (Ptti).
Rough Values bes Larger Than The Experimental Data.
Rough Values bes Significantly Larger.
Rough Values is the than of Experimental Data.
Rough Values is the approximately of 800K And 1400K.
Rough Values is the show of Correct Material Trend.
@Xmath1 Phase haves Observed Experimentally.
Computed Energy Differences is the suggests of Translated Into Temperature.
Transition To @Xmath1 Phase is the should of Occur At Temperatures.
Transition To @Xmath1 Phase is the at which of Well Below.
Transition To @Xmath1 Phase bes Results.
Binary-Hcp Phase Interpretation is the also of Suggests.
Binary-Hcp Phase Interpretation is the should examine of Binary-Fcc Equivalent.
Binary-Fcc Equivalent bes @Xmath38 Phase.
Binary-Fcc Equivalent haves Lower Energy.
Further Structure is the at of Special Values.
Special Values restores Orthorhombic Symmetry.
Orthorhombic Symmetry is the of of Body Centered Orthorhombic (Bco).
Body Centered Orthorhombic (Bco) is the ( space group of Space Group.
Energy Barrier bes No Total Energy Barrier.
Energy Barrier represents @Xmath0-@Xmath1.
@Xmath0 Phase is the can be viewed as of Binary Equivalent Of Hcp.
Transformation Path is the as of Binary Equivalent Of The Nishiyama-Wassermann (Nw) Path.
Analogy With The Nw Mechanism is the attribute the of Transition.
Transition is the to of Shuffling Of (110) Planes.
Structural Instabilities In Metals bes Related To.
Structural Instabilities In Metals relates Details Of The Fermi Surface.
Band Structures is the to of Investigate.
Band Structures dominates Pd/Pt Bands.
Band Structures calculates D-Bands.
Band Structures bes Fermi Surface.
Band Structures bes Band Centers.
Band Structures plays Free-Electron Bands.
Band Structures is the opening of a of Pseudogap.
Band Structures is the stabilises of Topological Phase Transition.
Band Structures is the eliminates of Pocket Of Electrons.
Ab Initio Calculations is the we of Predict.
Ab Initio Calculations is the will be of Low Temperature Ground State Structure.
Ab Initio Calculations is the dynamically stabilized of Observed Phases.
Total Energy Barriers is the also of Belong To.
Entire @Xmath22 Phonon Branch bes Unstable.
@Xmath0 Structure is the can be of Obtained By.
@Xmath0 Structure associates Shear.
@Xmath0 Structure associates Elastic Constant.
@Xmath0 Structure associates Dynamical Matrix.
@Xmath0 Structure associates Force-Constant Matrix.
@Xmath1 is the corresponds to of Further Strain.
Atomic Motions is the shows of Related To.
Instabilities bes Related To.
Shears bes Related To.
Transition Mechanism bes Binary Equivalent Of The Nishiyama-Wassermann Bcc-Hcp Mechanism.