Spectral-Density Approach (Sda) motivates Harris And Lange.
Spectral-Density Approach (Sda) is the extension to of Strong Coulomb Interaction.
Spectral-Density Approach (Sda) discusss Three-Dimensional Lattices.
Spectral-Density Approach (Sda) discusss Infinite-Dimensional Lattices.
Spectral-Density Approach (Sda) applys Hubbard Model.
Spectral-Density Approach (Sda) applys Multiband Hubbard Model.
Spectral-Density Approach (Sda) is the generalization proposed to deal with modifications due to of Translational Symmetry.
Retarded Single-Electron Green Function is the basic quantity to be calculated is of Self-Energy.
Self-Energy is the incorporates all effects of of Electron Correlations.
Self-Energy is the adopts of Local Approximation.
Self-Energy motivates One-Pole Ansatz.
Self-Energy fixs Moments Of The Qdos.
Self-Energy is the proper description of of Ferromagnetism.
Self-Energy is the recovers only the first two moments of Hartree-Fock Approximation.
Self-Energy is the reproduces the third moment of Hubbard-I Solution.
Self-Energy fixs Sda Solution.
Sda Solution is the depends on of Spin-Dependent Occupation Numbers.
Sda Solution is the consists of higher correlation functions of Bandshift.
Sda Solution opens Ferromagnetic Solutions.
Sda Solution gives Layer-Dependent Magnetization.
Sda Solution determines Band Occupations.
Band Occupations is the a possible spin dependence of opens up the way to of Ferromagnetic Solutions.
Band Occupations indicates Ferromagnetic Solutions.
Band Occupations defines Mean Band Occupation.
Band Occupations expresss Ferromagnetic Solutions.
Quasiparticle Damping proposes Modified Alloy Analogy (Maa).
Quasiparticle Damping is the significantly reduces the magnetic region in the phase diagram of Bulk Systems.
Quasiparticle Damping is the qualitatively similar to the sda of Magnetic Solutions.
Quasiparticle Damping is the application in preparation for of Thin Film Systems.
Thin Films is the numerical evaluations done for of Fcc(100) Film Geometry.
Fcc(100) Film Geometry considers Uniform Hopping.
Fcc(100) Film Geometry is the chosen such that of Energy And Temperature Units.
Fcc(100) Film Geometry is the set to of On-Site Hopping Integral.
Fcc(100) Film Geometry fixs On-Site Coulomb Interaction.
Fcc(100) Film Geometry considers Isotropic Hubbard-Film.
Fcc(100) Film Geometry is the varied of Temperature.
Fcc(100) Film Geometry is the varied of Thickness.
Fcc(100) Film Geometry keeps Band Occupation.
Fcc(100) Film Geometry is the focus exclusively on the temperature and thickness dependence of of Magnetic Properties.
Layer-Dependent Density Of States plots Non-Interacting System.
Layer-Dependent Density Of States considers Moments Of The Bdos.
Layer Magnetizations shows Temperature.
Layer Magnetizations shows Inner Layers.
Layer Magnetizations shows Surface Layer.
Surface Magnetization analyzes Temperature.
Surface Magnetization compares Central-Layer Magnetization.
Surface Magnetization reduces Thickness.
Surface Magnetization finds Charge Transfer.
Magnetic Anisotropy Energy calculates Anisotropy Constant.
Anisotropy Constant is the input for of Temperature-Dependent Layer Magnetizations.
Perturbational Approach is the important of Parameters.
Parameters is the model of Rt.
Hubbard Film is the induced of Mechanism.
Thickness is the possible of Rt.
System is the driven of Temperature.
Magnetization is the switches of Out-Of-Plane Direction.
Temperature is the increases of Magnetization.
Film Thickness is the importance of Dipole Anisotropy.
Ni - Type Rt is the positive of Volume Anisotropy Field.
Dipole Anisotropy is the leads of Magnetization.
Temperature is the important of Surface Anisotropy.
Band Occupation is the depends of Ferromagnetic Solutions.
Band Occupation is the tendency of Phase Transition.
Hartree-Fock Theory excludes Rt.
Spectral-Density Approach applys Itinerant-Electron Film.
Itinerant-Electron Film is the understood of Magnetic Properties.
Fcc(100) Film reduces Magnetization.
Layer-Dependent Magnetizations is the dependent of Temperature.
Dipole Interaction is the study of Temperature-Driven Rt.
Second-Order Anisotropy Constants is the inclusion of Volume Anisotropy Field.
Surface And Volume Anisotropy Fields is the types of Temperature-Driven Rt.
In-Plane To Out-Of-Plane Magnetization is the found of Magnetization.
Out-Of-Plane To In-Plane Magnetization is the found of Magnetization.
Electron Correlation Effects is the points out of Importance.