Ckm Matrix Element is the application of Physics.
Physics is the study of Unitarity Triangle.
Physics is the study of Inclusive Decays.
Physics is the study of Exclusive Decays.
Physics is the study of Lattice Qcd.
Unitarity Triangle is the limitation of Precision.
Precision is the limitation of Inclusive Decays.
Precision is the limitation of Exclusive Decays.
Precision is the limitation of Heavy Quark Expansion.
Heavy Quark Expansion is the evaluation of Hadronic Transition Amplitude.
Hadronic Transition Amplitude is the normalization of Kinematic End Point.
Lattice Qcd is the calculation of Form Factors.
Form Factors is the calculation of Decay.
Lattice Calculations is the calculation of Form Factors.
Form Factors is the calculation of Perturbative Matching.
Perturbative Matching is the source of uncertainty of Systematic Error.
Lattice Calculations is the previous work of Wilson Quarks.
Wilson Quarks is the source of uncertainty of Systematic Error.
Lattice Calculations is the application of Heavy-Light Systems.
Heavy-Light Systems is the calculation of Heavy-Light Decay Constants.
Lattice Calculations is the application of Semi-Leptonic Form Factors.
Semi-Leptonic Form Factors is the calculation of Correlation Functions.
Correlation Functions is the normalization of Heavy-To-Heavy Vector Current.
Lattice Calculations is the separate analysis of Axial Vector Current.
Axial Vector Current is the analysis of Heavy Quark Effective Theory.
Heavy Quark Effective Theory is the inclusion of Radiative Corrections.
Branching Fraction is the comparison of Phase-Space Suppression Factor.
Branching Fraction is the comparison of Experimental Data.
Form Factor is the influence of Heavy Quark Symmetry.
Heavy Quark Symmetry is the consideration of Finite Quark Mass.
Form Factor is the inclusion of Radiative Corrections.
Radiative Corrections is the dependency of Matching Factor.
Matching Factor is the dependency of Normalization Factor.
Normalization Factor is the influence of Renormalization.
Lattice Action is the comparison of Sheikholeslami And Wohlert Action.
Lattice Theory is the correspondence of Hqet.
Operators is the appear in of Lattice Theory.
Operators is the appear in of Hqet.
Operators is the differ in of Coefficients.
Operators is the in heavy quark effective hamiltonian of Heavy Quark Field.
Coefficients is the depend on of Bare Mass.
Coefficients is the depend on of Gauge Coupling.
Rest Mass is the commutes with of Kinetic Mass.
Rest Mass is the decouples from of Dynamics.
Hadron haves Energy.
Chromomagnetic Operator is the normalize by adjusting of Clover Coupling.
Chromomagnetic Operator is the adjust to sum up tadpole diagrams of Gauge Coupling.
Bare Mass is the adjust for leading effects of heavy-quark expansion of Coefficients.
Clover Coupling is the sums up tadpole diagrams of Adjustment.
Bare Mass is the correctly account for leading effects of heavy-quark expansion of Adjustment.
Bare Mass is the adjust until normalization of kinetic operator is correct of Adjustment.
Lattice Theory is the characterize of Hqet.
Lattice Theory is the use machinery of of Hqet.
Lattice Spacing is the dependence of Uncertainty.
Quenched Approximation is the dependence of Uncertainty.
Heavy Quark Masses is the construction of Ratios.
Ratios is the vanish of Sources Of Error.
Sources Of Error is the include of Lattice Spacing.
Sources Of Error is the include of Quenched Approximation.
Form Factors is the calculation of Zero-Recoil Form Factors.
Matrix Elements is the consideration of Ratios.
Ratios takes Cancellation.
Cancellation is the cancellation of Statistical Errors.
Cancellation is the cancellation of Systematic Errors.
Numerical Data is the mindful of Interpretation.
Interpretation considers Heavy Quark Symmetry.
Form Factors is the describe of Heavy Quark Mass Dependence.
Form Factors obtains Coefficients.
Control allows Heavy Quark Mass Dependence.
Control is the determine of Form Factors.
Form Factors is the determine of Individual Form Factors.
Form Factors is the determine of Physical Combination.
Main Results is the account of Uncertainties.
Main Results is the not account of Lattice Spacing.
Main Results is the not account of Quenched Approximation.
Method is the yield of Deviation.
Deviation is the determine of Physical Combination.
Proof Of Principle is the provide of Work.
Work is the possible of Obtain.
Work haves Control.
Error Bar is the relevant of Small.
Zoltan Ligeti is the provide of Comments.
Ulrich Nierste is the provide of Comments.
Fermilab is the carry out of High-Performance Computing.
Fermilab is the thank of Members.
Fermilab is the thank of Designing.
Fermilab is the thank of Building.
Fermilab is the thank of Operating.
Fermilab is the thank of Maintaining.
Fermilab makes Supercomputer.
Fermilab is the possible of Work.
Fermilab is the contract of Operate.
Us Department Of Energy is the with of Contract.
Japanese Ministry Of Education is the support of Grants-In-Aid.
Doe Oji Program is the support of Support.
Doe Oji Program is the support of Contract.
Alfred P. Sloan Foundation is the support of Support.
P.F. Harrison is the edit of Editor.
H.R. Quinn is the edit of Editor.
P. Ball is the edit of Publication.
M. Beneke is the edit of Publication.
V.M. Braun is the edit of Publication.
I. Bigi is the edit of Publication.
M. Shifman is the edit of Publication.
N. Uraltsev is the edit of Publication.
M. Neubert is the edit of Publication.
N.G. Uraltsev is the edit of Publication.
A. Vainshtein is the edit of Publication.
M.E. Luke is the edit of Publication.
C.W. Bernard is the edit of Publication.
Y. Shen is the edit of Publication.
A. Soni is the edit of Publication.
K.C. Bowler is the edit of Publication.
T. Bhattacharya is the edit of Publication.
R. Gupta is the edit of Publication.
J.E. Mandula is the edit of Publication.
M.C. Ogilvie is the edit of Publication.
T. Draper is the edit of Publication.
C. Mcneile is the edit of Publication.
S. Hashimoto is the edit of Publication.
H. Matsufuru is the edit of Publication.
P.B. Mackenzie is the edit of Publication.
B. Sheikholeslami is the edit of Publication.
R. Wohlert is the edit of Publication.
S.M. Ryan is the edit of Publication.
J.N. Simone is the edit of Publication.
S. Aoki is the edit of Publication.
M. Athanas is the edit of Publication.
A. Czarnecki is the edit of Publication.
K. Melnikov is the edit of Publication.
B.P.G. Mertens is the edit of Publication.
L. Randall is the edit of Publication.
M.B. Wise is the edit of Publication.
Boyd is the edit of Publication.
B. Grinstein is the edit of Publication.
T. Mannel is the edit of Publication.
C.T. Sachrajda is the edit of Publication.
S.J. Brodsky is the edit of Publication.
G.P. Lepage is the edit of Publication.
P.B. Mackenzie is the edit of Publication.
Y. Nir is the edit of Publication.