Materials includes Tomographic Characterization.
Tomographic Characterization is the enables of Grain Structures.
Grain Structures is the consists of of Polycrystalline Materials.
Grain Structures requires Grain Morphology.
Grain Morphology is the leads to of Data Compression.
Data Compression is the involves of Tessellations.
Tessellations is the consists of of Voronoi Tessellation.
Tessellations is the consists of of Laguerre Tessellation.
Laguerre Tessellation requires Generating Points.
Laguerre Tessellation is the involves of Laguerre Inverse Problem.
Laguerre Tessellation is the involves of Laguerre Approximation Problem.
Voronoi Tessellation is the involves of Voronoi Inverse Problem.
Optimization Problem is the involves of Laguerre Approximation Problem.
Optimization Problem is the involves of Cross-Entropy Method.
Lap is the minimization of Approximate Discrepancy.
Lap solves Generating Points.
Approximate Discrepancy describes Coordinates.
Generating Points describes Coordinates.
Generating Points associates Normal Distribution.
Coordinates describes Normal Distribution.
Radius describes Normal Distribution.
Initial Means gives Standard Deviations.
Standard Deviations is the proportional to of Local Cost.
Positive Real Line is the truncate to of Variance Injection.
Variance Injection is the when cost function does not decrease significantly of Cost Function.
Iterations is the at each iteration of Variance Injection.
Algorithm is the record minimal value of Approximate Discrepancy.
Cells is the calculate average cost of Local Cost.
Adjacent Cells defines Local Cost.
Variance Injection performs Local Cost.
Variance Injection is the if benefit becomes negligible of Iterations.
Termination is the when of Iterations.
Tessellations obtains Tomographic Data.
Centroids uses Tomographic Data.
Centroids gives Coordinates.
Equivalent Radii uses Tomographic Data.
Equivalent Radii gives Coordinates.
Initial Means gives Centroids.
Initial Means gives Standard Deviations.
Standard Deviations calculates Local Cost.
Investigations shows Parameter Choice.
Elite Set is the consists of of Samples.
Approximations haves Cells.
Grains uses Tomographic Data.
Grains ignores Approximating Cells.
Experimental Data Set uses Polycrystalline Model.
Experimental Data Set uses Orthogonal Regression Method.
Xmath156 is the mentions of Xcite.
Xmath156 is the mentions of Fig : Experimental : Cross - Section.
Xmath156 is the mentions of Fig : Experimental : Cross - Section - Overlay.
Xmath156 is the mentions of Fig : Experimental : Convergence.
Xmath156 is the mentions of Tab : Experimental : Evaluation.
Xmath156 is the mentions of Fig : Experimental : Cell - Characteristics.
Tab : Experimental : Evaluation is the assigns of Xmath157.
Tab : Experimental : Evaluation is the assigns of Xmath158.
Tab : Experimental : Evaluation is the assigns of Xmath159.
Tab : Experimental : Evaluation is the assigns of Xmath160.