Energetic Ion-Beam is the causes of Atoms.
Energetic Ion-Beam is the causes of Surface.
Energetic Ion-Beam is the causes of Ion-Beam-Sputtering.
Healing Kinetics is the proceeds of Mass Transport.
Mass Transport is the minimizes of Surface Free Energy.
Ion-Beam-Sputtering is the produces of Patterns.
Ion-Beam-Sputtering is the produces of Nano-Dots.
Ion-Beam-Sputtering is the produces of Nano-Holes.
Ion-Beam-Sputtering is the produces of Ripples.
Ion-Beam-Sputtering is the produces of Nano Patterns.
Ion-Beam-Sputtering is the applicable to of Materials.
Continuum Models is the elucidates of Pattern Formation.
Bradley And Harper is the proposes of Model.
Bradley And Harper takes Erosion.
Sigmund is the describes of Sputter Yield.
Sigmund is the depends on of Energy Deposited.
Sigmund is the describes of Gaussian Ellipsoidal Function.
Mullin is the describes of Diffusion Of Adatoms.
Mullin is the describes of Adatom Current.
Mullin is the proportional to of Surface Free Energy.
Mullin is the proportional to of Curvature.
Model is the incorporates of Non-Linear Extensions.
Non-Linear Extensions is the reproduces of Surface-Confined Mass Flow.
Non-Linear Extensions is the reproduces of Redeposition.
Non-Linear Extensions is the reproduces of Surface Damping.
Models is the assumes of Amorphous Surface.
Models takes Crystallinity.
Models takes Substrate.
Models takes Anisotropy.
Polycrystals is the consist of of Grains.
Grains is the comparable with of Structures.
Effects is the affects of Grained Structure.
Effects is the affects of Temporal Evolution.
Toma is the studies of Ripple Evolution.
Polycrystalline Au Films is the studies of Ripple Evolution.
Sputter Yield Variation is the induces of Orientation Of The Grains.
Sputter Yield Variation is the induces of Surface Instability.
Morphological Evolution is the reproduces of Polycrystalline Ni Films.
Morphological Evolution is the reproduces of Instability.
Morphological Evolution is the reproduces of Curvature Dependent Erosion.
Effects is the contradicts of Polycrystallinity.
Highly Oriented Pyrolytic Graphite (Hopg) is the offers of Opportunity.
Graphites is the studies of Effects Of Grained Structure.
Natural Graphite (Ng) is the studies of Effects Of Grained Structure.
Experiment is the studies of Grain Boundaries.
Experiment is the determines of Mean Uninterrupted Length.
Experiment is the determines of Coherence Length.
Experiment is the determines of Surface Width.
Experiment is the determines of Ripple Wavelength.
Effects is the affects of Anisotropic Effects.
Primordial Islands is the evolution of Ripples.
Ion-Beam-Sputtering Of Hopg is the studies of Ripple Evolution.
Ion-Beam-Sputtering Of Ng is the studies of Ripple Evolution.
High Vacuum Chamber is the characterizes of Ion-Irradiated Surface.
Atomic Force Microscopes (Afm) is the characterizes of Ion-Irradiated Surface.
Laser is the obtains of Raman Spectra.
Laser is the uses of Excitation Source.
Laser is the ensures of Avoid Unintentional Heating.
Laser is the achieves of Focused-Spot Size.
Laser is the focuses on of Graphite Sample.
Laser is the collects of Scattered Light.
Laser is the disperses of Spectrometer.
Laser is the detects of Detector.
Laser is the maintains of Spectral Resolution.
Grazing Incidence X-Ray Diffraction (Gid) is the performs of Samples.
Photon is the reduces of Incident Angle.
Photon is the reduces of Beam Penetration Depth.
Photon is the reduces of Bulk Diffuse Scattering.
Raman Spectrum is the shows of Hopg.
Raman Spectrum is the shows of Bands.
Raman Spectrum is the shows of Defective Carbon Atoms.
Raman Spectrum is the shows of Carbon Allotropes.
Raman Spectrum is the shows of Diamond.
Raman Spectrum is the shows of Tetrahedral Amorphous Carbon.
Raman Spectrum is the shows of Polymer (Pdms).
Layered Structure requires Protuberances.
Muscovite Mica is the shows of Ripple Pattern.
Mica is the shows of Ripple Pattern.
Mica is the modifies of Graphite.