Magnetic Crystals is the contain of Impurities.
Magnetic Crystals is the contain of Defects.
Magnetic Crystals is the contain of Disorder.
Defects characterizes Long-Range Correlated Disorder.
Long-Range Correlated Disorder is the influences of Critical Phenomena.
Impurities is the influences of Ferromagnetic Phase.
Ferromagnetic Phase is the leads to of Phase Transition.
Critical Temperature is the affects of Ferromagnetic Phase.
Critical Exponents is the depends on of Critical Phenomena.
Correlation Function is the affects of Critical Exponents.
Critical Exponents is the determines of Universality Class.
Pair Correlation Function is the affects of Critical Exponents.
Pair Correlation Function is the depends on of Space Dimension.
Finite-Size Scaling Technique is the utilizes of Critical Exponents.
Long-Range Correlated Disorder relates Gaussian Disorder.
Long-Range Correlated Disorder relates Non-Gaussian Disorder.
Short-Time Dynamics is the utilizes of Single-Cluster Wolff Method.
Short-Time Dynamics is the utilizes of Metropolis Algorithm.
Finite-Size-Scaling Technique is the calculate of Critical Exponents.
Data Set is the fitting of Observables.
Observables is the evaluate of Lattice Sizes.
Section Iii is the mention of Critical Exponents.
Evaluation is the use of Critical Exponents.
Mc Simulations is the measure of Observables.
Finite-Size-Scaling Plots is the show of Fig5.
Finite-Size-Scaling Plots is the show of Fig7.
Fig5 is the show of Log-Log Plots.
Log-Log Plots is the plot of Maximum Values.
Maximum Values is the plot of Configurationally Averaged Derivatives.
Configurationally Averaged Derivatives is the plot of Binder Cumulants.
Binder Cumulants is the govern of Correlation Length Critical Exponent.
Fig7 is the show of Size Dependence.
Size Dependence is the show of Configurationally Averaged Magnetic Susceptibility.
Size Dependence is the show of Magnetisation.
Configurationally Averaged Magnetic Susceptibility is the govern of Quantities.
Quantities is the manifest of Power-Law Scaling.