Electromagnetic Sources is the develops of Intensity.
Electromagnetic Sources is the develops of Photon Energy.
Photon Energy is the motivates of X-Ray Range.
Theoretical Study is the motivates of Strongly Bound Systems.
Strongly Bound Systems is the study of of Nuclear Processes.
Intense Fields is the study of of Laser-Assisted Nuclear Photoeffect.
Coherent Electromagnetic Field is the study of of Nuclear Photoeffect.
Laser-Assisted X-Ray Photo Effect is the analogous to of Laser-Assisted Nuclear Photoeffect.
Laser-Assisted Nuclear Photoeffect is the study of of Coulomb Field.
Laser-Assisted X-Ray Photo Effect is the analogous to of Laser-Assisted Nuclear Photoeffect.
Laser-Assisted Nuclear Photoeffect is the study of of Differential Cross Section.
Target Nucleus is the absorbs of Laser Photon.
Laser Photon is the emits of Free Proton.
Free Proton is the emits of Remainder Nucleus.
Radiation Gauge makes Long Wavelength Approximation.
Vector Potential is the describes of Gamma Radiation.
Energy is the depends on of State Of Polarization.
Transition Rate is the affects of Particle.
Particle haves Rest Mass.
Particle haves Charge.
Laser Parameter is the depends on of Angular Frequency.
Angular Frequency is the affects of Electric Field.
Electric Field is the spans of Unit Vector.
Matrix Elements determines Energy Operator.
Energy Operator is the determines of S-Matrix Element.
S-Matrix Element writes Initial State.
Initial State is the transitions to of Final State.
Particle haves Reduced Planck Constant.
Particle is the feels of Nuclear Potential.
Particle is the feels of Coulomb Potential.
Time Dependent State is the approximates of Coulomb-Volkov Solution.
Coulomb-Volkov Solution bes Wave Function.
Wave Function bes Confluent Hypergeometric Function.
Confluent Hypergeometric Function bes Gamma Function.
Differential Solid Angle is the around of Compton Wavelength.
Compton Wavelength is the reads as of Bessel Function.
Bessel Function bes Ponderomotive Energy.
Fourier Transform is the of of Initial State.
Jacobi-Anger Formula uses Fourier Series Expansion.
Fourier Series Expansion is the expands in of Laser Intensity.
Laser Intensity is the depends on of Polarization.
Numerical Calculation repeats Laser Intensity.
Numerical Calculation is the found of Change.
Results is the compares of Formulas.
Results is the investigates of Results.
Proton is the manifestation of Kinetic Energy.
Kinetic Energy is the increase of Channels.
Kinetic Energy is the manifestation of Increment.
Increment is the result of Channels.
Channels is the sum of changes of Rate Of The Lanp.
Rate Of The Lanp is the moderate increment of Increment.
Rate Of The Lanp is the dependence of Laser Photon Number.
Rate Of The Lanp is the dependence of Intensity.
Rate Of The Lanp is the dependence of Negligible Dependence.
Rate Of The Lanp is the result of Channels.
Rate Of The Lanp is the same in different cases of Initial States.
Initial States is the minor dependence of Rate Of The Lanp.
Initial States is the expectation of minor dependence of Rate Of The Lanp.
Experimental Situation is the difficulty in distinguishing of Photo-Protons.
Experimental Situation is the result of interaction of Background Protons.
Experimental Situation is the creation by intense laser field of Hot Electron Plasma.
Gamma Ray Pulse is the synchronization of Accelerator.
Gamma Ray Pulse is the synchronization of Laser System.
Half-Life is the requirement of Nuclear Reaction.
Nuclear Reaction is the creation in situ of Laser Beam.
Heavier Nuclei is the property of Protons.
Heavier Nuclei is the possession of Shell Model State.
Shell Model State is the property of Stable Ground State.
Wispy Target is the determination of Focal Spot.
Wispy Target is the low of Repetition Rate.
Wispy Target is the challenge of Angular Resolution.
Wispy Target is the requirement of Proton Detector.