String Theory is the study of of Tachyons.
String Theory is the study of of Condensation Processes.
String Theory is the study of of Branes.
Branes is the occur in of Open String Tachyons.
Branes is the most important configuration is of Brane-Antibrane System.
Branes is the more tractable than bulk backgrounds with instabilities of Unstable Brane Configurations.
String Theory employs String Field Theory.
String Theory employs Effective Field Theory Models.
String Theory employs World-Sheet Conformal Field Theory.
Exact Time-Dependent Solutions is the study of of S-Branes.
Exact Time-Dependent Solutions relates Boundary Sine-Gordon Model.
Boundary Sine-Gordon Model provides Boundary States.
Boundary Sine-Gordon Model provides Bulk-Boundary 2-Point Function.
Boundary Sine-Gordon Model provides Reflection Amplitude.
Boundary Sine-Gordon Model provides Bulk-Boundary Coupling.
Time-Like Boundary Liouville Theory provides Boundary States.
Time-Like Boundary Liouville Theory provides Bulk-Boundary 2-Point Function.
Time-Like Boundary Liouville Theory provides Reflection Amplitude.
Time-Like Boundary Liouville Theory provides Bulk-Boundary Coupling.
H. Dorn collaborates H.J. Otto.
A. Zamolodchikov collaborates Ponsot.
A. Zamolodchikov collaborates Teschner.
Runkel collaborates Watts.
Xmath212 is the integration path of Xmath17.
Xmath214 is the evaluation by cauchy 's theorem of Xmath213.
Xmath214 is the rewrite sum over residues of Xmath215.
Xmath215 is the study basic hypergeometric series limit of Xmath217.
Xmath217 approachs Xmath218.
Xmath219 is the approximate series through integral of Xmath220.
Xmath220 is the saddle point analysis of Xmath221.
Xmath221 is the asymptotic behavior q pochhammer symbols of Xmath222.
Xmath222 obtains Xmath223.
Xmath222 is the determine asymptotics method steepest descent of Xmath224.
Xmath224 leads Xmath225.
Xmath225 is the condition saddle points of Xmath226.
Xmath226 is the quadratic equation saddle points of Xmath227.
Xmath285 is the limit definition of Xmath288.
Xmath293 is the definition of Xmath294.
Xmath299 is the integral representation of Xmath301.
Xmath304 is the relation of Xmath305.
Xmath328 is the relation of Xmath329.
Xmath330 is the relation of Xmath331.
Xmath331 is the relation of Xmath332.
Xmath346 is the relation of Xmath349.
Xmath355 is the relation of Xmath356.
Xmath357 is the asymptotics of Xmath358.
Xmath360 is the expansion of Xmath363.
Flux Line Pinning In Planar Superconductors is the publication of H. Dorn And H. J. Otto.
Flux Line Pinning In Planar Superconductors is the publication of A. B. Zamolodchikov And A. B. Zamolodchikov.
Flux Line Pinning In Planar Superconductors is the publication of B. Ponsot And J. Teschner.
Flux Line Pinning In Planar Superconductors is the publication of V. Fateev.
Flux Line Pinning In Planar Superconductors is the publication of J. Teschner.
Flux Line Pinning In Planar Superconductors is the publication of K. Hosomichi.
Flux Line Pinning In Planar Superconductors is the publication of V. Schomerus.
Flux Line Pinning In Planar Superconductors is the publication of I. Runkel And G. M. T. Watts.
Flux Line Pinning In Planar Superconductors is the publication of E. J. Martinec.
Flux Line Pinning In Planar Superconductors is the publication of K. R. Kristjansson And L. Thorlacius.
Flux Line Pinning In Planar Superconductors is the publication of A. Strominger And T. Takayanagi.
Flux Line Pinning In Planar Superconductors is the publication of F. Larsen, A. Naqvi And S. Terashima.
Flux Line Pinning In Planar Superconductors is the publication of J. L. Cardy.
Flux Line Pinning In Planar Superconductors is the publication of K. Graham, I. Runkel And G. M. T. Watts.
Flux Line Pinning In Planar Superconductors is the publication of S. Fredenhagen And V. Schomerus.
Flux Line Pinning In Planar Superconductors is the publication of G. Ray.
Flux Line Pinning In Planar Superconductors is the publication of Y. Hikida And T. Takayanagi.
Flux Line Pinning In Planar Superconductors is the publication of S. Ribault And V. Schomerus.
Flux Line Pinning In Planar Superconductors is the publication of J. L. Karczmarek, H. Liu, J. Maldacena And A. Strominger.
Flux Line Pinning In Planar Superconductors is the publication of V. Balasubramanian, E. Keski-Vakkuri, P. Kraus And A. Naqvi.
Flux Line Pinning In Planar Superconductors is the publication of G. E. Andrews, R. Askey And R. Roy.
Flux Line Pinning In Planar Superconductors is the publication of M. Jimbo And T. Miwa.
Flux Line Pinning In Planar Superconductors is the publication of A. N. Kirillov.
Flux Line Pinning In Planar Superconductors is the publication of R. J. Mcintosh.