Wolf-Rayet Stars is the represent of Final Phase.
Final Phase is the evolutionary phase of Very Massive Stars.
Final Phase is the precedes of Core-Collapse.
Final Phase characterizes H-Rich Envelope.
H-Rich Envelope strips Stripped Away.
H-Rich Envelope strips Stellar Winds.
H-Rich Envelope strips Binary Evolution.
Wolf-Rayet Stars reveals Products.
Products is the products of of H-Burning.
Products is the products of of He-Burning.
Wolf-Rayet Stars dominates Visual Spectra.
Visual Spectra dominates Emission Lines.
Wolf-Rayet Stars associates Progenitors.
Progenitors associates Young Massive Stellar Populations.
Progenitors associates Compact In Nature.
Progenitors associates Deficient In Hydrogen.
Progenitors associates Deficient In Helium.
Wolf-Rayet Stars is the represent of Prime Candidates.
Prime Candidates is the prime candidates for of Type Ib/C Core-Collapse Supernovae.
Prime Candidates is the prime candidates for of Long, Soft Gamma Ray Bursts.
Prime Candidates associates Immediate Progenitors.
Immediate Progenitors associates Young Massive Stellar Populations.
Immediate Progenitors associates Compact In Nature.
Immediate Progenitors associates Deficient In Hydrogen.
Immediate Progenitors associates Deficient In Helium.
Wolf-Rayet Stars spins Rotating Core.
Rotating Core spins Red Supergiant.
Rotating Core spins Wolf-Rayet.
Wolf-Rayet Stars is the scales with of Metallicity.
Metallicity is the higher threshold for of Threshold.
Metallicity is the dependence on of Formation.
Metallicity is the not expected to depend upon of Dependence.
Wolf-Rayet Stars is the role as of Role.
Role is the role as of Grb Progenitors.
Grb Progenitors associates Young Massive Stellar Populations.
Grb Progenitors associates Compact In Nature.
Grb Progenitors associates Deficient In Hydrogen.
Grb Progenitors associates Deficient In Helium.
Wolf-Rayet Stars assumes Wind Properties.
Wind Properties assumes Metallicity Independent.
Wolf-Rayet Stars knows Observational Trend.
Observational Trend knows Earlier Subtypes.
Observational Trend knows Higher Ionization.
Wolf-Rayet Stars is the origin of of Iron Opacity Peak.
Iron Opacity Peak is the origin of of Wind Driving.
Wolf-Rayet Stars predicts Wind Models.
Wind Models predicts Smaller Wind Velocities.
Wolf-Rayet Stars is the impact on of Spectral Types.
Spectral Types is the impact on of Reduced Wind Densities.
Spectral Types is the impact on of Ionization.
Spectral Types is the impact on of Wind Density.
Wolf-Rayet Stars is the impact on of Equivalent Width.
Wolf-Rayet Stars is the impact on of Line Luminosities.
Wolf-Rayet Stars infers Template Spectra.
Template Spectra infers Metallicity.
Wolf-Rayet Stars predicts Line Flux.
Line Flux predicts Atmospheric Models.
Wolf-Rayet Stars is the fail to predict of Evolutionary Models.
Evolutionary Models includes Rotational Mixing.
Evolutionary Models is the not included in of Metallicity Dependent.
Evolutionary Models is the account for of Vink & De Koter.
Stellar Density Regions associates Supernova.
Supernova associates Gamma Burst.
I Zw 18 is the contains of Wolf-Rayet Stars.
Collapsar Model is the constraints from of Gamma Burst.
Evolved Massive Stars is the survey for of Wolf-Rayet Stars.
Blue Compact Dwarf Galaxies is the abundance variations in of Oxygen Abundance Variations.
Blue Compact Dwarf Galaxies is the system of of Blue Compact Dwarf Galaxies.
Ultraviolet Spectra is the of of Galaxies.
Ionizing Fluxes is the for of Stellar Populations.
Life In The Milky Way protects Gamma Bursts.
Metallicity Dependence is the on of Wolf-Rayet Winds.