Quantum Walks is the involves of Xcite.
Quantum Algorithms is the involves of Xcite.
Systems studys Quantum Walks.
Progress makes Quantum Algorithms.
Quantum Interference is the plays role in of Quantum Walks.
Decoherence is the affects of Quantum Walks.
Decoherence is the essential for of Quantum Classical Transition.
Quantum Particle is the consists of of Quantum Walks.
Quantum Coin carrys Quantum Walks.
Quantum Coin couples Spin.
Quantum Walks couples Environment.
Quantum Walks couples External Degrees Of Freedom.
Experimental Proposals analyzes Quantum Walks.
Experimental Proposals implements Ion Traps.
Experimental Proposals implements Cavity Qed.
Experimental Proposals implements Optical Lattices.
Decoherence is the affects of Quantum Walks.
Decoherence is the affects of Diffusion.
Classical Correspondence is the shows features in of Quantum Walks.
Speedup achieves Quantum Walks.
Phase-Space Distributions uses Quantum Computation.
Phase-Space Distributions uses Quantum Walks.
Pointer Observable is the selects of Quantum Walks.
Cycle revisits Quantum Walks.
Line revisits Quantum Walks.
Hilbert Space is the defines of Quantum Walks.
Density Matrix is the forms of Quantum Walks.
Unitary Evolution Operator is the defines of Quantum Walks.
Hadamard Operator is the acts on of Quantum Walks.
Cyclic Translation Operator is the defines of Quantum Walks.
Momentum is the generates of Quantum Walks.
Finite Translations is the generates of Momentum.
Total Unitary Operator is the diagonal in of Momentum.
Exact Solution presents Quantum Walks.
Phase-Space Representation uses Quantum Walks.
Wigner Functions applys Quantum Walks.
Probability Distribution represents Wigner Functions.
Phase-Space Point Operators defines Wigner Functions.
Unitary is the forms of Phase-Space Point Operators.
Hermitian is the forms of Phase-Space Point Operators.
Orthogonal Basis is the forms of Phase-Space Point Operators.
Grid defines Phase-Space Point Operators.
Eigenstate obtains Phase-Space Point Operators.
Eigenvalue obtains Phase-Space Point Operators.
Interference is the generates of Wigner Functions.
Wave Packet is the causes of Interference.
Boundary Conditions is the affects of Interference.
Mirror Image is the generates of Interference.
Superposition State is the causes of Interference.
Localized State is the affects of Interference.
Quantum Walker is the starts at of Initial State.
Quantum Walker is the deviates from of Classical Counterpart.
Quantum Walker is the develops between of Quantum Interference Fringes.
Quantum Walker is the affects of Probability Distribution.
Quantum Walker is the develops into of Thread State.
Quantum Coin is the couples to of Environment.
Model introduces Quantum Coin.
Model is the uses of Evolution Operator.
Model is the obtains of Density Matrix.
Density Matrix is the expands into of Momentum Basis.
Density Matrix is the acts on of Superoperator.
Superoperator is the depends on of Spin.
Superoperator is the affects of Decoherence.
Entropy provides Von Neumann Entropy.
Entropy is the concentrates on of Linear Entropy.
Entropy is the analyzes of Quantum Interference Effects.
Decoherence is the induces of Diffusion.
Pointer States is the destroys superpositions of of Quantum Interference Effects.
Walker localizes Initial State.
Quantum Coin is the unbiased of Initial State.
Quantum Coin couples Environment.
Quantum Coin is the model of Decoherence Process.
Quantum Coin is the equivalent to of Position Diffusion.
Superoperator is the relation of Quantum Coin.
Superoperator is the relation of Position Diffusion.
Superoperator is the relation of Decoherence.
Superoperator considers Iterations.
Superoperator is the trace computation of Quantum Coin.
Superoperator is the identical contribution of Quantum Walk.
Quantum Multi Baker Map is the replacement of Quantum Coin.
Quantum Multi Baker Map is the interaction of Quantum System.
Quantum Multi Baker Map models Environment.
Quantum Multi Baker Map is the unitary operator of Quantum Baker Map.
Quantum Baker Map is the representation of Chaotic System.
Quantum Baker Map is the interaction of Quantum Coin.
Quantum Baker Map models Environment.
Quantum Baker Map is the randomization of Quantum Coin.