Industrial Inspection haves Demand.
Demand requires Measurements.
Measurements is the utilizes of Optical Sensors.
Optical Sensors is the meets requirements of Applications.
Optical Sensors haves Limitations.
Limitations is the emerges from of Physics And Technology.
Limitations is the emerges from of Information Theory.
Optical Sensors requires Raw Data.
Optical Sensors is the uses channel capacity of Channel Capacity.
Object Surface haves Redundancy.
Object Surface is the acquires local slope of Local Slope.
Local Slope is the reduces high frequency noise of High-Frequency Noise.
Optical Sensors is the utilizes of Deflectometry.
Applications includes Precision Optics.
Precision Optics is the measures wavefronts of Wavefronts.
Wavefronts requires Object Shape.
Object Shape is the needs integration techniques of Integration Techniques.
Object Shape requires Global Shape.
Object Shape is the uses least squares approximation of Least-Squares Approximation.
Least-Squares Approximation is the minimizes error functional of Error Functional.
Object Shape is the determines path of integration of Path Of Integration.
Object Surface Function is the measures gradient field of Gradient Field.
Gradient Field is the ensures curl free of Curl Free.
Gradient Field haves Potential.
Potential is the leads to least squares solution of Least-Squares Solution.
Radial Basis Functions is the uses for interpolation of Interpolation Function.
Interpolation Function is the applies for surface reconstruction of Surface Reconstruction.
Interpolation Function is the recommends for approximation of Approximation Approach.
Interpolation Function is the uses for analytic interpolation of Analytic Interpolation Approach.
Linear_System is the inversion of Matrix.
Pmd_Sensor is the acquisition of Data_Field.
Data_Field is the splitting of Patch.
Patch is the interpolation of Function.
Slope_Data is the interpolation of Patch.
Patch is the reconstruction of Surface.
Groove is the subtraction of Object.
Sphere is the addition of Groove.
Wafer is the reconstruction of Object.