Iron Pnictides is the discovery of Superconductors.
Iron Pnictides is the study of High-Temperature Superconductivity.
Iron Pnictides follows Iron Chalcogenide Fese.
Iron Chalcogenide Fese is the appearance of Intercalated Fese Based Systems.
Intercalated Fese Based Systems is the intercalation of Li(C H N)Fe Se.
Intercalated Fese Based Systems is the intercalation of Li(Nh)(Nh)Fe Se.
Li(C H N)Fe Se is the appearance of 122-Type Structure.
Li(Nh)(Nh)Fe Se is the appearance of 122-Type Structure.
Fese Films grows Srtio Sto.
Fese Films grows Single Fese Monolayer.
Single Fese Monolayer grows Srtio Sto.
Single Fese Monolayer grows Batio Bto.
Single Fese Monolayer grows Anatase.
Single Fese Monolayer grows Graphene.
Sulfur Doping Level is the controls of Shallow Electron Band.
Sulfur Doping Level is the increases bandwidth of Fe3D States.
Sulfur Doping Level is the affects band bottom position of Shallow Electron Band.
Se-4P States is the energy decrease of Fe3D States.
K0Fe9Se38S46 is the smallest bandwidth of Fe3D States.
K0Fe9Se38S46 is the bandwidth increases with doping of Fe3D States.
K1Fe1Se1 is the most correlated system of Fe3D States.
Li0Fe0Oh1Fese is the magnetic ordering : canted antiferromagnet of Fe Ions.
Li0Fe0Oh1Fese is the magnetic ordering : ferromagnetic of Fe Ions.
Li0Fe0Oh1Fese is the induces vortices of Abrikosov Vortices.
Li0Fe0Oh1Fese is the ferromagnetic ordering of Fe Spins.
Li0Fe0Oh1Fese is the no magnetic ordering of Fe Ions.
Stoichiometric Liohfese is the electron gas formation of Sto Substrate.
Sto Substrate is the leads to additional band of Sto Interface.
Sto Interface is the leads to additional band of O-2P States.
Sto Interface nests O-2P States.
Sto Interface is the band splitting of Electron Bands.
Electronic Spectrum is the different from of Standard Model.
Electronic Spectrum is the different from of Feas Based Superconductors.
Electronic Spectrum is the different from of Bulk Fese.
Electronic Spectrum is the absent from of Hole Like Fermi Surface Cylinders.
Electronic Spectrum is the present around of Electron Like Cylinders.
Hole Like Fermi Surface Cylinders centers Brillouin Zone.
Electron Like Cylinders is the present around of Brillouin Zone.
Brillouin Zone confirms Arpes Experiments.
Electron Like Cylinders is the absence of of Nesting Properties.
Electron Like Cylinders is the no nesting with of Hole Fermi Surface Pockets.
Hole Fermi Surface Pockets assumes Cooper Pairing.
Cooper Pairing bases Antiferromagnetic Fluctuations.
Cooper Pairing is the antiferromagnetic fluctuations of Pairing.
Electronic Correlations is the role in of Fese Monolayers.
Lda+Dmft Calculations performs K0Fe1Se1S System.
Lda+Dmft Calculations is the importance in of Electronic Correlations.
Lda+Dmft Calculations is the different from of Feas Systems.
Feas Systems is the stronger in of Bandwidth Compression.
Feas Systems is the poorly defined close to of Quasiparticles.
Isolated Fese Single Layer System is the same calculations demonstrate of Lda+Dmft Calculations.
Lda+Dmft Calculations is the weak influence of of Correlations.
Srtio4 Substrate leads O-2P Hole Band.
O-2P Hole Band is the in vicinity of of Tio1 Layer.
Fermi Level is the close to of Fermi Energies.
Conduction Bands is the small in of Fermi Energies.
Energy Gap relates Fermi Energies.
Energy Gap is the typical values in of Fese Monolayer Superconductors.
Fese Monolayer Superconductors is the low in of Gap To The Fermi Energy Ratios.
Fese Monolayer Superconductors is the belong to of Bcs Bec Crossover Region.
Calculations performs Electronic Structure.
Calculations performs Fese Systems.
Calculations performs Faso State Contract.
Calculations is the partially supported by of Rfbr Grant.
Wang Qing-Yan supports Rfbr Grant.
Wang Qing-Yan supports President Of Russia Grant.
Wang Qing-Yan supports Young Scientists Grant.