Alamouti Code is the scheme of Two Transmit Antennas.
Alamouti Code is the allows of Orthogonality Properties.
Alamouti Code is the enables of Low Complexity Maximum-Likelihood Decoder.
Alamouti Code is the generalization of Stbcs.
Stbcs achieves Quasi-Static Rayleigh Fading Channels.
Stbcs is the match of Golden Code.
Stbcs is the match of Htw-Pga Code.
Stbcs is the match of Sezginer-Sari Code.
Golden Code is the order of of Decoding Complexity.
Htw-Pga Code is the order of of Decoding Complexity.
Sezginer-Sari Code is the order of of Decoding Complexity.
Golden Code is the best performance of Codeword Error Rate Performance.
System Model reviews Code Design Criteria.
Code Design Criteria bases Stbcs.
Code Design Criteria is the connection with of Co-Ordinate Interleaved Orthogonal Designs.
Co-Ordinate Interleaved Orthogonal Designs obtains Stbcs.
Co-Ordinate Interleaved Orthogonal Designs is the unitary generator matrix of Information Lossless Property.
Stbcs is the achieve optimal tradeoff of Non-Vanishing Determinant Property.
Non-Vanishing Determinant Property is the achieve optimal tradeoff of Diversity-Multiplexing Gain Tradeoff Optimal.
Sphere Decoding is the achieve of Decoding Complexity.
Stbc requires Xmath8.
A 4 Dimensional Real Sd requires Xmath185.
Two Parallel 2 Dimensional Real Sd requires Xmath186.
Stbc is the equivalent complexity of Htw - Pga Code.
Stbc is the equivalent complexity of Sezginer - Sari Code.
Golden Code decodes Xmath146.
Dayal - Varanasi Code decodes Xmath146.
Trace - Orthogonal Cyclotomic Code decodes Xmath146.
Trace - Orthogonal Cyclotomic Code is the structure similarity of Xmath171.
Xmath171 is the similar structure of Xmath187.
Golden Code is the performance comparison of 4-Qam Constellation.
Stbc is the performance comparison of 4-Qam Constellation.
Htw - Pga Code is the performance comparison of 4-Qam Constellation.
Stbc is the performance comparison of Golden Code.
Htw - Pga Code is the performance comparison of Golden Code.
Fig [4Qam] is the performance plot of Golden Code.
Fig [4Qam] is the performance plot of Stbc.
Fig [4Qam] is the performance plot of Htw - Pga Code.
Fig [16Qam] is the performance plot of Golden Code.
Fig [16Qam] is the performance plot of Stbc.
Fig [16Qam] is the performance plot of Htw - Pga Code.
Well Known Full - Rate , Full - Diversity Codes is the comparison of Xmath9 Mimo.
Well Known Full - Rate , Full - Diversity Codes is the comparison of Cols.
Stbc is the error performance match of Xmath9 Mimo.
Stbc is the simplified-decoding complexity of Xcite.
Rate-1 Stbc bases Alamouti Code.
Rate-1 Stbc is the performance comparison of Golden Code.
Rate-1 Stbc is the performance comparison of Xmath188.
J. C. Belfiore is the publication of Golden Code.
J. Paredes is the publication of Xmath9 Mimo.
S. Sezginer is the publication of Xmath9 Mimo.
P. Elia is the publication of Xmath9 Mimo.
V.Tarokh is the publication of Xmath9 Mimo.
H. Yao is the publication of Full Mimo Diversity - Multiplex Frontier.