Chemical Abundances is the comparison of Deuterium.
Chemical Abundances is the comparison of Helium.
Chemical Abundances is the comparison of Lithium.
Bbn Models is the comparison of Empirical Estimates.
Bbn Models is the constraint of Physical Mechanisms.
Bbn Models is the constraint of Cosmology.
Physical Mechanisms is the constraint of Nucleosynthesis.
He Content is the constraint of Empirical Estimates.
Empirical Estimates bases Nebular Emission Lines.
Empirical Estimates is the concerns of Observational Errors.
Empirical Estimates is the concerns of Systematic Errors.
Ionization Correction investigates Unseen Neutral.
Ionization Correction investigates Doubly-Ionized He.
Stellar Atmosphere Models bases Ob Stars.
Stellar Winds is the affects of Shocks.
Stellar Winds is the affects of Temperature Fluctuations.
Stellar Yields is the concerns of Pristine Type Ii Supernovae.
Pristine Type Ii Supernovae corrects Self-Pollution.
Stellar Systems corrects Self-Pollution.
Stellar Content resolves Blue Compact Galaxy.
Blue Compact Galaxy is the hosts of Old Population.
Horizontal Branch Stars is the comparison of Red Giant Stars.
Galactic Globular Clusters is the supplies upper limits of R Parameter.
Galactic Globular Clusters is the supplies upper limits of Primordial He Mass Fraction.
Galactic Globular Clusters is the uncertainties due to of Nuclear Cross-Section.
Low-Mass Population Ii Stars explains Useless.
Uv-Upturn is the impact on of Cmb Anisotropies.
Physical Baryon Density determines Cmb Measurements.
Physical Baryon Density is the constrains of Bbn Models.
Boomerang Data estimates Baryon Density.
Maxima-1 Data estimates Baryon Density.
Baryon Density Value is the implies range of of Cmb Measurements.
Baryon Density Value is the depends on of He Abundance.
Baryon Density Value is the constrains of Stellar Ages.
Baryon Density Value is the constrains of Cosmic Distances.
Mass-Luminosity Relation is the depends on of Stellar Ages.
Mass-Luminosity Relation is the depends on of He Abundance.
He Abundance is the depends on of Stellar Structures.
He Abundance is the depends on of Metal Enrichment Ratio.
He Abundance is the depends on of Evolutionary Properties.
Theoretical Framework discusss Empirical Observables.
Trgb Luminosity is the depends on of Zahb Luminosity.
Bolometric Magnitudes estimates Empirical Data.
Hb Models is the comparison of Empirical Data.
Canonical Hb Models is the comparison of Empirical Data.
He-Enhanced Hb Models is the comparison of Empirical Data.
Cluster Age explains Trgb Luminosity.
Sample Size is the affects of Empirical Estimates.
Sample Size is the affects of Lifetimes.
Global Metallicity is the depends on of Absolute Magnitudes.
Distance Moduli estimates Absolute Magnitudes.
Color-Magnitude Diagram uses Absolute Magnitudes.
Evolutionary Prescriptions is the marks of Trgb Phase.
Trgb Phase is the marks of Central He Burning.
Trgb Phase is the marks of He-Core Flash.
Trgb Phase is the marks of Low-Mass Stars.
Trgb Phase is the depends on of Luminosity.
Stellar Content extends Local Group Galaxies.
Spectroscopic Measurements bases Metal-Poor Blue Compact Galaxies.
Uv-Upturn shows Elliptical-And-S0-Galaxies.
Uv-Upturn drives Hb-Stars.
Hb-Stars is the progeny of of Agb-Manqu.
Hb-Stars is the progeny of of Post-Early-Agb.
Uv-Upturn is the dependence on of Age.
Age is the affects of He-Content.
He-Content is the impact on of He-Core-Masses.
Metal-Poor-Structures constructs He-Content.
He-Core-Masses estimates Stellar-Populations.
Stellar-Populations is the account for of Sed.
Ehb-Structures constructs He-Content.
Ehb-Structures is the sensitivity to of Uv-Upturn.
Angular-Power-Spectrum is the dependence on of Cmb-Anisotropies.
Baryonic-Matter-Density is the affects of Angular-Power-Spectrum.
Primordial-He-Mass-Fraction is the weak dependence on of Cmb-Pattern.
Cmb-Pattern affects Angular-Scales.
Cmb-Pattern is the relevant for of Error-Budget.
Dolgov & Pagel collaborates Dodorico.
Dolgov & Pagel collaborates Steigman.
Claudia Maraston supports Murst / Cofin2000.