Eec is the affects of Conductivity.
Eec predicts 2D System.
2D System is the proportional to of Momentum Relaxation Time.
2D System is the affects of Temperature.
Eec dos Hall Component.
Eec dos Magnetoconductivity Tensor.
Eec gives Magnetic Field.
Eec is the contributes to of Diagonal Magnetoresistance.
Eec is the contributes to of Hall Coefficient.
N-Type Gaas-Based 2D Systems is the mainly observed in of 2D System.
Minkov Group is the analyzes of Hall Component.
Zeeman Splitting Effects is the decreases value of of Eec.
Zeeman Splitting Effects is the negligible in most studied systems of Eec.
Zeeman Splitting Effects predicts Eec.
Zeeman Splitting Effects introduces Eec.
Zeeman Splitting Effects is the effect on eec briefly considered in experiments of Eec.
2Deg In Si-Mosfet is the no convincing measurements of eec done so far of 2D System.
2Deg In Si-Mosfet is the demonstrates positive magnetoresistance in parallel field of Diagonal Magnetoresistance.
2Deg In Si-Mosfet expects Behavior.
2Deg In Si-Mosfet is the attempts to reveal eec based on temperature and magnetic field dependences of Attempts.
2Deg In Si-Mosfet is the interest to zeeman splitting effects resumed of Interest.
2Deg In Si-Mosfet is the rise in resistivity observed in parallel magnetic field of Parallel Field Magnetoresistance.
2Deg In Si-Mosfet is the interest increased with interpretation as signature of magnetic quantum phase transition of Interest.
2Deg In Si-Mosfet is the attempts to treat parallel field magnetoresistance in terms of renormalization-group approach of Attempts.
2Deg In Si-Mosfet is the attempts to treat parallel field magnetoresistance theoretically and experimentally of Attempts.
2Deg In Si-Mosfet is the strong effect of disorder observed on of Parallel Field Magnetoresistance.
2Deg In Si-Mosfet is the studies demonstrate quantitative disagreement between theory and experiment of Studies.
2Deg In Si-Mosfet is the agreement on zeeman nature of parallel field magnetoresistance of Agreement.
2Deg In Si-Mosfet is the two conceptually different mechanisms put forward for parallel field magnetoresistance of Mechanisms.
2Deg In Si-Mosfet is the responsible for experimentally observed strong magnetoresistance in parallel field of Responsible.
2Deg In Si-Mosfet is the inapplicable in regime of small conductances of Regime.
2Deg In Si-Mosfet is the approach from large conductance regime chosen of Regime.
2Deg In Si-Mosfet is the experiments done on simplest model system of Experiments.
2D Electron Gas In Si is the study on eec of Eec.
2D Electron Gas In Si is the detailed measurements of magnetoresistance tensor done of Magnetoresistance Tensor.
2D Electron Gas In Si is the field tilted to vary zeeman splitting strength of Tilted Field.
2D Electron Gas In Si is the procedure used for eec extraction of Phenomenological Procedure.
2D Electron Gas In Si is the system in diffusive regime of Diffusive Regime.
2D Electron Gas In Si is the effect on eec of Magnetic Field Effect.
2D Electron Gas In Si is the observations suggest new insight on origin of parallel field magnetoresistance of Observations.
2D Electron Gas In Si is the not responsible for large parallel field magnetoresistance of Eec.
2D Electron Gas In Si is the strongly suppresses magnetoresistance of Perpendicular Field Component.
2D Electron Gas In Si is the not purely spin nature of parallel field magnetoresistance of Spin Nature.
2D Electron Gas In Si is the points at incompleteness of existing theory of magnetoresistance of Incompleteness.
2D Electron Gas In Si is the description of experimental details of Experimental Details.
2D Electron Gas In Si is the description of theoretical background of Theoretical Background.
2D Electron Gas In Si is the experimental proof of zeeman origin of magnetic field effect on eec of Experimental Proof.
2D Electron Gas In Si is the comparison of eec with parallel field magnetoresistance of Comparison.
2D Electron Gas In Si is the discussion of obtained result and possible directions of further development of Discussion.
2D Electron Gas In Si is the measurements of resistivity done of Measurements.
2D Electron Gas In Si is the temperatures of measurements of Temperatures.
2D Electron Gas In Si is the magnetic fields used in measurements of Magnetic Fields.
2D Electron Gas In Si is the samples used in experiments of Samples.
2D Electron Gas In Si is the alignment of sample done using resistivity peak of Alignment.
2D Electron Gas In Si is the carrier density varied by gate voltage of Carrier Density.
2D Electron Gas In Si is the field tilted in-plane of Field.
2D Electron Gas In Si is the samples selected for study of Samples.
2D Electron Gas In Si is the features making si-mos system preferable of Features.
2D Electron Gas In Si is the idea of the study based on property of eec of Idea.
2D Electron Gas In Si is the procedure for eec extraction of Procedure.
2D Electron Gas In Si is the uncertain value affecting effective number of valleys of Uncertain Value.
2D Electron Gas In Si is the valley splitting affecting predictions of eec theory of Valley Splitting.
2D Electron Gas In Si is the intervalley scattering time affecting number of triplet terms of Intervalley Scattering Time.
2D Electron Gas In Si is the problem with mosfets in measuring valley splitting of Problem.
2D Electron Gas In Si recalculates Eec.
2D Electron Gas In Si dos Ballistic Contribution.
Field interrelates Low-Field Hall Anomaly.
Field is the originates from of Destructive Action.
Destructive Action is the affects of Perpendicular Field.
Destructive Action is the affects of Localized States.
G.M. Minkov is the discussion of A.V. Germanenko.
G.M. Minkov is the discussion of A.A. Sherstobitov.
G.M. Minkov is the discussion of I.S. Burmistrov.
G.M. Minkov is the discussion of A.M. Finkelstein.
A.M. Finkelstein is the criticism of S.I. Dorozhkin.
Kravchenko is the author of Phys . B * 58 *.
D. Simonian is the author of Phys . B * 58 *.
M. P. Sarachik is the author of Phys . B * 58 *.
A. D. Kent is the author of Phys . B * 58 *.
V. M. Pudalov is the author of Phys . B * 58 *.
A. Punnoose is the author of Science * 310 *.
A. M. Finkelstein is the author of Science * 310 *.
B. L. Altshuler is the author of Electron - Electron Interactions In Disordered Systems.
A. G. Aronov is the author of Electron - Electron Interactions In Disordered Systems.
E. Tousson is the author of Phys . B * 38 *.
Z. Ovadyahu is the author of Phys . B * 38 *.
A. L. Efros is the editor of Electron - Electron Interactions In Disordered Systems.
M. Pollak is the editor of Electron - Electron Interactions In Disordered Systems.