Loop Quantum Cosmology replaces Initial Singularity.
Initial Singularity replaces Bounce.
Universe is the initially in of Contracting Phase.
Contracting Phase is the reaches of Minimal Volume.
Minimal Volume is the leads to of Quantum Repulsion.
Quantum Repulsion is the leads to of Expanding Phase.
Exact Solutions is the exist for of Bouncing Universe.
Bouncing Universe is the with of Dust.
Bouncing Universe is the with of Cosmological Constant.
Exact Solutions is the aim to obtain of Analytical Solutions.
Analytical Solutions is the allow investigations in of Parameter Domains.
Flat Frw Model is the with of Free Scalar Field.
Flat Frw Model is the with of Cosmological Constant.
Flat Frw Model is the introduce of Quantum Effects.
Quantum Effects is the include of Volume Corrections.
Volume Corrections is the leads to of Super-Inflationary Phase.
Quantum Effects is the include of Holonomy Corrections.
Holonomy Corrections is the leads to of Bounce.
Flat Frw Model is the investigate effects in of Analytical Solutions.
Flat Frw Model is the neglect corrections from of Inverse Volume Corrections.
Inverse Volume Corrections is the effect is mainly important for of Volume Corrections.
Flat Frw Model is the neglect corrections from of Holonomy Corrections.
Holonomy Corrections is the effect is mainly important for of Volume Corrections.
Flat Frw Model is the arises in of Loop Quantum Cosmology.
Loop Quantum Cosmology is the first investigated in of Flat Frw Model.
Loop Quantum Cosmology is the first investigated in of Pioneer Works.
Pioneer Works is the description of of Quantum Universe.
Quantum Universe explores Number Of Works.
Loop Quantum Cosmology applys Flat Frw Models.
Flat Frw Models is the also applied to of Frw Models.
Flat Frw Models applys Bianchi I.
Flat Frw Models is the choice for of Elementary Area.
Flat Frw Models is the unambiguity in of Holonomy Corrections.
Flat Frw Models considers Approaches.
Flat Frw Models is the detailed description in of Appendix.
Hamiltonian gives Canonical Variables.
Canonical Variables expresss Gravitational Field.
Canonical Variables expresss Scalar Field.
Canonical Variables relates Standard Frw Variables.
Canonical Variables is the depends on of Barbero-Immirzi Parameter.
Barbero-Immirzi Parameter scales Volume.
Barbero-Immirzi Parameter is the can be of Chosen Arbitrarily.
Barbero-Immirzi Parameter is the more than of Natural Variable.
Barbero-Immirzi Parameter is the use in of Presented Mostly.
Barbero-Immirzi Parameter is the always the of Positive Square Root.
Equations Of Motions derives Hamilton Equation.
Hamilton Equation defines Poisson Bracket.
Poisson Bracket retrieves Elementary Brackets.
Hamiltonian uses Equations Of Motion.
Equations Of Motion is the for of Canonical Variables.
Canonical Variables is the results in of Bouncing Solution.
Bouncing Solution gives Non-Vanishing Parameter.
Bouncing Solution is the never reaches zero value for of Minimal Value.
Minimal Value bes Given By.
Bouncing Solution is the in of Shown.
Canonical Variables is the in units of of Expressed In.
Time Parametrisation is the in units of of Expressed In.
Minimal Value is the in units of of Expressed As.
Investigation is the perform in of Model.
Model is the general with of Non-Vanishing Cosmological Constant.
Equation is the dependent on of Parameter Space.
Black Hole Entropy is the indicate value of of Barbero-Immirzi Parameter Value.
Xmath230 is the corresponds to of Xmath231.
Xmath231 is the first non zero eigenvalue of Xcite.
Xmath231 is the corresponds to minimal area of Xmath232.
Xmath214 is the area is of Xmath233.
Xmath233 explains Xmath234.
Xmath239 is the corresponds to of Xmath240.
Xmath233 connects Xmath27.
Xmath233 is the corresponds to physical area of Xmath241.
Xmath233 is the corresponds to area of Xmath242.
Xmath243 is the approach called of Xmath244.
Xmath245 is the corresponds to eigenvalue of Xmath246.
Xmath246 explains Xmath247.
Xmath248 calls Xmath4Scheme.
Xmath233 connects Xmath27.
Xmath249 sees Xmath250.
Xmath251 is the replacement in classical expressions of Xmath250.
Hami takes Xmath5.
P. Singh publishs K. Vandersloot.
P. Singh publishs G. V. Vereshchagin.
A. Ashtekar publishs T. Pawlowski.
A. Ashtekar publishs P. Singh.
T. Stachowiak publishs M. Szydlowski.
M. Bojowald publishs M. Szydlowski.
M. Bojowald publishs G. M. Hossain.
J. Mielczarek publishs M. Szydlowski.
M. Bojowald publishs H. H. Hernandez.
M. Bojowald publishs M. Kagan.
M. Bojowald publishs P. Singh.
M. Bojowald publishs G. M. Hossain.
J. Mielczarek publishs M. Szydlowski.
M. Bojowald publishs H. H. Hernandez.
M. Bojowald publishs M. Kagan.
A. Ashtekar publishs T. Pawlowski.
A. Ashtekar publishs P. Singh.
A. Ashtekar publishs J. Baez.
A. Ashtekar publishs A. Corichi.
A. Ashtekar publishs K. Krasnov.
M. Domagala publishs J. Lewandowski.
K. A. Meissner publishs J. Lewandowski.