Xmath21 is the model age of Xmath27.
Xmath21 is the model age of Xmath28.
Xmath21 is the model metallicity of Xmath29.
Xmath30 is the parameter relationship of Xmath31.
Xmath30 is the parameter relationship of Xmath32.
Xmath30 is the parameter relationship of Xmath33.
Xmath30 is the parameter relationship of Xmath34.
Xmath30 is the parameter relationship of Xmath35.
Xmath36 is the parameter relationship of Xmath37.
Xmath36 is the parameter relationship of Xmath38.
Xmath36 is the parameter relationship of Xmath39.
Xmath40 is the density parameter of Xmath41.
Xmath40 is the density parameter of Xmath42.
Xmath43 is the parameter relationship of Xmath44.
Xmath45 is the parameter relationship of Xmath46.
Xmath47 is the ratio metallicity of Xmath48.
Xmath49 is the ratio parameter of Xmath50.
Xmath49 is the ratio parameter of Xmath51.
Xmath52 is the parameter relationship of Xmath53.
Xmath545007 is the parameter relationship of Xmath553726.
Xmath54 is the parameter relationship of Xmath553726.
Xmath556548 is the parameter relationship of Xmath563726.
Xmath556548 is the parameter relationship of Xmath545007.
Xmath556548 is the parameter relationship of Xmath52.
Xmath556548 is the parameter relationship of Xmath59.
Xmath556548 is the parameter relationship of Xmath60.
Metallicity is the range of Solar.
Objects is the rare of Starbursts.
Starbursts is the consistent with of Metallicity.
Models bases Photoionization.
Models is the not incorporate of Mechanical Luminosity.
Supernovae Shocks is the release of of Energy.
Energy converts Shocks.
Recombination Coefficient is the depends on of Hydrogen.
Shock moves Radiative Shocks.
Sedov-Taylor Theory terminates Cooling Timescale.
Cooling Timescale is the shorter than of Dynamical Expansion Timescale.
Shell is the standard theory of Radius.
Supernova Explosion is the time since of Shock.
Shock cools Radiative Shock-Wave Theory.
Cooling Timescale In Years expresss Shock Velocity In Units.
Shock Velocity In Units is the relative to solar of Metallicity Of The Plasma.
Supernova Remnant is the radiative at a radius of Expansion Timescale.
Shock Model uses Velocity.
Shock Model is the in a of Spherical Nebula.
Star Formation Rate calculates Luminosity.
Galaxy reduces Dust Absorption.
Template Starburst is the within 1 kpc aperture of Snr.
Snr is the contribution to of Ionization Parameter.
Ionization Parameter is the function of of Density.
Density is the mass distribution of Gas.
Emission Feature constrains Galaxies.
Galaxies is the broad of Stellar Emission Lines.
W-R Stars is the result of of Star Formation.
Catalogue presents W-R Galaxies.
W-R Galaxies is the broad of Stellar Emission Lines.
Detections is the insufficient in individual galaxies of Signal-To-Noise Ratios.
Spectra constructs Template Average Warm Infrared Starburst Spectrum.
Starburst Galaxies estimates Absorption Equivalent Width.
Absorption Equivalent Width reduces Underlying Old Star Population.
Euv Field is the estimates in the ism of Opacity.
Hydrogen 21 Cm Line uses Uniform Gas Density.
Effective Absorption Cross-Section is the estimate at of Euv Wavelengths.
Stellar Objects is the modeling of of Stellar Atmospheres.
Euv Telescopes allows Stellar Objects.
Euv Telescopes advances Euv Spectrum.
Euv Spectrum is the remain unseen of Starburst Galaxies.
Euv Spectrum estimates Theoretical Predictions.
Euv Spectrum reprocesss Optical Emission Lines.
Optical Emission Lines allows Euv Spectrum.
Metal Opacities is the cause of Helium.
Metal Opacities is the include of Metallicities.
Metal Opacities is the include of Continuum Metal Opacities.
Continuum Metal Opacities is the affect of Euv.
Continuum Metal Opacities is the affect of Starburst Galaxies.
Continuum Metal Opacities is the affect of Optical Diagnostic Diagrams.
Continuum Metal Opacities is the result of Radiation.
Continuum Metal Opacities is the result of Absorption Cross-Sections.
Continuum Metal Opacities is the result of Abundances.
Continuum Metal Opacities is the result of Spectrum.
Continuum Metal Opacities is the result of Ionization Limit.
Continuum Metal Opacities is the include of Carbon.
Continuum Metal Opacities is the affect of Hard Euv Field.
Starburst Galaxies is the affect of Optical Diagnostic Diagrams.
Starburst Galaxies is the use of Schmutz Extended Atmospheres.
Starburst Galaxies is the include of Continuum Metal Blanketing.
Starburst Galaxies is the result of Radiation.
Starburst Galaxies is the result of Absorption Cross-Sections.
Starburst Galaxies is the result of Abundances.
Starburst Galaxies is the result of Spectrum.
Starburst Galaxies is the result of Ionization Limit.
Starburst Galaxies is the include of Carbon.
Starburst Galaxies is the affect of Hard Euv Field.
Starburst Galaxies is the affect of Snrs.
Starburst Galaxies is the affect of Discrepancy.
Starburst Galaxies is the affect of Classification.
Starburst Galaxies is the affect of Ambiguity.
Starburst Galaxies is the use of Stellar Population Synthesis Models.
Starburst Galaxies is the use of Starburst99.
Starburst Galaxies is the use of Mappings Iii.
Starburst Galaxies is the affect of Optical Diagnostic Diagrams.
Starburst Galaxies is the affect of Spectral Index.
Starburst Galaxies is the affect of Rydberg Region.
Starburst Galaxies is the include of Wolf-Rayet Stars.
Starburst Galaxies is the affect of Snrs.
Starburst Galaxies is the affect of Discrepancy.
Starburst Galaxies is the affect of Classification.
Starburst Galaxies is the affect of Ambiguity.
Starburst Galaxies is the use of Starburst Grids.
Starburst Galaxies is the acknowledge of Referee.
Starburst Galaxies is the acknowledge of Siding Springs Observatories.
Starburst Galaxies is the acknowledge of Spectroscopy Observations.
L. Kewley is the acknowledge of Australian Academy Of Science Young Researcher Scheme.
L. Kewley is the acknowledge of French Service Culturel & Scientifique.
L. Kewley is the acknowledge of Staff.
L. Kewley is the acknowledge of Constructive Comments.