Copper Oxide Materials is the study of Condensed Matter Physics.
Copper Oxide Materials is the key element of Cuo@Xmath0 Planes.
Copper Oxide Materials is the control of Stoichiometry.
Copper Oxide Materials is the control of Carrier Density.
Copper Oxide Materials dopes Mott Insulators.
Mott Insulators adds Charge Carriers.
Mott Insulators starts Antiferromagnetic Insulating State.
Copper Oxide Materials is the dependence of Dopings.
Copper Oxide Materials is the classification of Underdoped Regime.
Copper Oxide Materials is the classification of Optimally Doped Regime.
Copper Oxide Materials is the classification of Overdoped Regime.
Copper Oxide Materials associates Superconductivity.
Copper Oxide Materials relates Anisotropic Normal-State Properties.
Anisotropic Normal-State Properties manifests Charge Dynamics.
Charge Dynamics manifests Optical Conductivity.
Charge Dynamics manifests Resistivity.
Copper Oxide Materials addresss C-Axis Charge Dynamics.
C-Axis Charge Dynamics is the dependent on of C-Axis Mean Free Path.
C-Axis Charge Dynamics is the dependent on of Interlayer Distance.
C-Axis Charge Dynamics characterizes C-Axis Conductivity.
C-Axis Charge Dynamics characterizes C-Axis Resistivity.
C-Axis Charge Dynamics is the can not be defined of C-Axis Momentum.
C-Axis Charge Dynamics is the weakness of Interlayer Hopping Matrix Element.
Copper Oxide Materials associates Holon Pseudogap.
Copper Oxide Materials applys Fermion-Spin Approach.
Fermion-Spin Approach is the consideration of Interlayer Coupling.
Copper Oxide Materials links Crossover.
Crossover is the change sign of C-Axis Resistivity.
Crossover links C-Axis Charge Dynamics.
Copper Oxide Materials bases Charge-Spin Separation.
Charge-Spin Separation is the incorporation of Electron On-Site Local Constraint.
Copper Oxide Materials introduces Vertex Correction.
Copper Oxide Materials determines Order Parameter.
Copper Oxide Materials determines Chemical Potential.
Copper Oxide Materials studys Charge Dynamics.
Charge Dynamics couples External Field.
Copper Oxide Materials determines C-Axis Conductivity.
C-Axis Conductivity defines C-Axis Current-Current Correlation Function.
C-Axis Conductivity defines Polarization Operator.
Polarization Operator uses Heisenberg'S Equation Of Motion.
Xmath75 is the equation of Xmath76.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath0.
Xcite is the mentions of Xcite.
Xmath0 is the equation of Xmath77.
Xmath78 is the equation of Xmath79.
Xmath80 is the equation of Xmath81.
Xmath82 is the equation of Xmath83.
Xmath84 is the equation of Xmath85.
Xmath86 is the equation of Xmath87.
Xmath88 is the equation of Xmath89.
Xmath90 is the equation of Xmath91.
Xmath92 is the equation of Xmath93.
Xmath94 is the equation of Xmath95.
Xmath96 is the equation of Xmath97.
Xmath98 is the equation of Xmath99.
Xmath100 is the equation of Xmath101.
Xmath102 is the equation of Xmath103.
Xmath104 is the equation of Xmath105.
Xmath106 is the equation of Xmath107.
Xmath108 is the equation of Xmath109.
Xmath110 is the equation of Xmath111.
Xmath112 is the equation of Xmath113.
Xmath114 is the equation of Xmath115.
Xmath116 is the equation of Xmath117.
Xmath118 is the equation of Xmath119.
Xmath120 is the equation of Xmath121.
Xmath122 is the equation of Xmath123.
Xmath124 is the equation of Xmath125.
Xmath126 is the equation of Xmath127.
Xmath128 is the equation of Xmath129.
Xmath130 is the equation of Xmath131.
Holon Pseudogap is the closes at of High Temperatures.
Holon Pseudogap is the closes at of Higher Doping Levels.
Charged Holon Scattering gives Temperature Linear In-Plane Resistivity.
Charged Holon Scattering gives Metallic Temperature Dependence Of The C-Axis Resistivity.
Results is the show that of Holon Pseudogap.
Results is the show that of Temperature Linear In-Plane Resistivity.
Results is the study of C-Axis Charge Dynamics.
C-Axis Charge Dynamics is the of of Copper Oxide Materials.
C-Axis Charge Dynamics is the in of Underdoped Regimes.
C-Axis Charge Dynamics is the in of Optimally Doped Regimes.
C-Axis Charge Dynamics considers Incoherent Interlayer Hopping.
C-Axis Charge Dynamics governs In-Plane Fluctuation.
C-Axis Charge Dynamics scatters In-Plane Fluctuation.
C-Axis Charge Dynamics is the shows of C-Axis Charge Dynamics.
C-Axis Charge Dynamics is the for of Copper Oxide Materials.
C-Axis Charge Dynamics dominates In-Plane Fluctuation.
C-Axis Charge Dynamics incorporates In-Plane Fluctuation.
C-Axis Charge Dynamics incorporates Interlayer Disorder.
C-Axis Charge Dynamics is the opens at of Holon Pseudogap.
C-Axis Charge Dynamics is the at of Low Temperatures.
C-Axis Charge Dynamics is the at of Lower Doping Levels.
C-Axis Charge Dynamics leads Semiconducting-Like Range In The C-Axis Resistivity.
C-Axis Charge Dynamics leads Temperature Linear To The Nonlinear Range In The In-Plane Resistivity.
C-Axis Charge Dynamics is the linear combination of of Momentum-Conserving.
C-Axis Charge Dynamics is the linear combination of of Momentum-Nonconserving.
Momentum-Conserving is the major part of of C-Axis Conductivity.
Momentum-Nonconserving is the major part of of C-Axis Conductivity.
Authors is the thank of Professor Ru-Shan Han.
Authors is the thank of Professor H. Q. Lin.
Authors is the thank of Professor T. Xiang.
Results supports National Natural Science Foundation.
Results supports State Education Department Of China.
State Education Department Of China is the through of Foundation Of Doctoral Training.
S. L. Cooper publishs B*47*.
S. L. Cooper publishs 8233 (1993).
S. L. Cooper publishs Lett. *70*.
S. L. Cooper publishs 1533 (1993).
J. Schtzmann publishs 73*.
J. Schtzmann publishs 174 (1994).
A. V. Puchkov publishs 77*.
A. V. Puchkov publishs 1853 (1996).
C. C. Homes publishs 71*.
C. C. Homes publishs 1645 (1993).