Rules is the representation of If-Then Format.
Rules is the representation of Cognitive Processes.
Rules is the context of Psychology.
Rules is the context of Expert Knowledge.
Rules is the context of Scientists.
Rules is the context of Engineers.
Rules is the context of Machine Learning.
Rules is the context of Data Mining Research.
Rules is the context of Computer Programs.
Rules is the context of Knowledge.
Rules is the context of Skill.
Rules is the context of Patterns.
Rules is the context of Rules Space.
Rules is the context of Optimization Criterion.
Rules is the context of Exhaustive Search.
Rules is the context of Computational Complexity.
Rules is the context of Algorithms.
Rules is the context of Local Optimization.
Rules is the context of Global Optimization.
Rules is the context of Sequential Covering Algorithm.
Rules is the context of Cn2.
Rules is the context of Backtracking.
Rules is the context of Suboptimal Choice.
Rules is the context of Simultaneous Covering Algorithm.
Rules is the context of Id3.
Rules is the context of Attribute Ordering.
Rules is the context of Neural Network Algorithm.
Rules is the context of Gradient-Descent Search.
Rules is the context of Local Minima.
Rules is the context of Machine Learning Theory.
Rules is the context of Multi-Channel Parallel Adaptation.
Rules is the context of Target Rules.
Rules is the context of Cfrule.
Rules is the context of Cf Model.
Rules is the context of Uncertainty Management.
Rules is the context of Probability Theory.
Rules is the context of Neuron Activation Function.
Rules is the context of Neural-Network Performance.
Rules is the context of System.
Rules is the context of Multi-Level Parameter Optimization.
Rules is the context of Kernel.
Rules is the context of Multi-Channel Rule Learning Model.
Rules is the context of Artificial Neural Network.
Rules is the context of Formal Definitions.
Rules is the context of Channel.
Rules is the context of Output Weight.
Rules is the context of Input Weights.
Rules is the context of Activation.
Rules is the context of Influence.
Rules is the context of Output.
Rules is the context of Target Class.
Rules is the context of Positive Instances.
Rules is the context of Negative Instances.
Rules is the context of Rule Learning.
Rules is the context of Training Instances.
Rules is the context of Generalization Performance.
Rules is the context of Rule Sets.
Rules is the context of Multi-Class Case.
Rules is the context of Information Flow.
Rules is the context of Adaptation.
Rules is the context of Rules Encoding.
Rules is the context of Optimal Number Of Channels.
Rules is the context of Hidden Units.
Rules is the context of Data Overfitting.
Rules is the context of Information Processing.
Rules is the context of Learning Or Training.
Rules is the context of Rule Extraction.
Rules is the context of Knowledge Representation Paradigm.
Rules is the context of Rule Representation.
Rules is the context of Rule Set Representation.
Rules is the context of Backpropagation Algorithm.