Precision Tests performs Standard Model.
Violation is the searches for of Standard Model.
Tool uses Precision Tests.
Theory tests Quantum Level.
New Physics is the constrains of Precision Tests.
Anomalous Magnetic Moment measures Electron.
Anomalous Magnetic Moment measures Muon.
Gyromagnetic Factor defines Spin.
Gyromagnetic Factor relates Magnetic Moment.
Gyromagnetic Factor relates Charge.
Gyromagnetic Factor relates Mass.
Dirac Theory bases Charged Point-Like Spin-Particle.
Quantum Electrodynamics is the predicts deviations in of Charged Point-Like Spin-Particle.
Virtual Photons emits Charged Point-Like Spin-Particle.
Qed Effects is the increase value of of Gyromagnetic Factor.
Fine-Structure Constant is the determines of Anomalous Magnetic Moment.
Lepton is the insensitive to interactions of Anomalous Magnetic Moment.
Lepton provides Anomalous Magnetic Moment.
Lepton is the determines fine-structure constant of Anomalous Magnetic Moment.
Lepton is the improves theoretical prediction of Anomalous Magnetic Moment.
Lepton measures Anomalous Magnetic Moment.
Lifetime is the limits direct measurement of of Lepton.
Cross Sections uses Lepton.
Colliders measures Hadronic Contribution.
Hadronic Contribution improves Uncertainty.
Sectors is the contribute to prediction of Standard Model.
Theorists improves Sectors.
Predictions improves Standard Model.
Contributions improves Standard Model.
Values recommends Mass Ratios.
Results uses Mass Ratios.
Measurements bases Mass Ratios.
Errors associates Mass Ratios.
Diagrams is the contribute to of Coefficients.
Coefficients computes Functions.
Expansions provides Coefficients.
Integrals uses Coefficients.
Correlations is the affect of Errors.
Krause contributes Muon.
Krause contributes Lepton.
Muon contributes Top-Quark.
Muon contributes Up-Quark.
Lepton contributes Tau.
Tau contributes Charm.
Charm contributes Meson.
Meson contributes Baryon.
Baryon contributes Hyperon.
Eidelman contributes Muon.
Bennett contributes Muon.
Giacomini collaborates Muon.
Ignatov collaborates Muon.
Vainshtein communicates Muon.
Jegerlehner discusss Muon.
Inami discusss Muon.
Melnikov theorizes Muon.
Passera theorizes Muon.
Davier theorizes Muon.
Marciano theorizes Muon.
Hughes theorizes Muon.
Czarnecki theorizes Muon.
Hagiwara theorizes Muon.
Narison theorizes Muon.
Mignaco theorizes Muon.
Remiddi theorizes Muon.
Barbieri theorizes Muon.
Levine theorizes Muon.
Roskies theorizes Muon.
Laporta theorizes Muon.
Lautrup theorizes Muon.
Rafael theorizes Muon.