3-Dimensional Superstatistical Model is the predicts of Correlations.
3-Dimensional Superstatistical Model is the predicts of Acceleration Components.
Acceleration In X-Direction is the not statistically independent of Acceleration In Y-Direction.
Joint Probability is the study ratio of 1-Point Probabilities.
Superstatistics is the describes of Ratio.
Superstatistics is the describes of Tsallis Statistics.
Superstatistics is the describes of Lognormal Distribution.
Cell Migration Processes is the describes of Metastatic Cascade.
Cancerous Cells is the migrate via of Body.
Diffusion Constants is the differ for of Patients.
Metastasis is the describes of Diffusion Constants.
Patients is the arises from of Superstatistics.
Superstatistics is the describes of Patients.
Superstatistics is the describes of Metastasis.
Superstatistics is the describes of Cancer Survival.
Probability Density Function is the predicts of Survival Time.
Patient diagnoses Cancer.
Cancer is the affects of Patients.
Breast Cancer Patients is the describes of Survival Statistics.
Data bases Survival Statistics.
Train Delays is the example of of British Railway Network.
British Railway Network is the applies to of Superstatistics.
Lagrangian Turbulence is the agrees with of Experimental Data.
Probability Densities is the agrees with of Experimental Data.
Correlations Between Components is the agrees with of Experimental Data.
Decay Of Correlations is the agrees with of Experimental Data.
Lagrangian Scaling Exponents is the agrees with of Experimental Data.
Lognormal Superstatistics is the describes of Cancer Survival Statistics.
Cancer Survival Statistics is the aims to find of Thermodynamic Description.
Maximum Entropy Principle is the aids in finding of Thermodynamic Description.
Superstatistical Path Integral is the extends to of Ordinary Path Integrals.
Wiener Process is the affects of Superstatistical Path Integral.
Superstatistical Path Integral is the preserves properties of Markov Process.
Distributions is the affects of Superstatistical Path Integral.
Finance is the applies to of Superstatistical Path Integral.
Quantum Field Theory is the applies to of Superstatistical Path Integral.
Elementary Particle Physics is the applies to of Superstatistical Path Integral.
High Energy Physics is the applies to of Superstatistical Path Integral.
Differential Cross Sections is the explains using of Superstatistical Path Integral.
Energy Spectra is the explains using of Superstatistical Path Integral.
Hagedorn Theory is the extends to of Superstatistical Path Integral.
Temperature Fluctuations is the describes of Superstatistical Path Integral.
Space-Time Foam is the describes of Superstatistical Path Integral.
String Theory is the describes of Superstatistical Path Integral.
Statistics is the describes of Superstatistical Path Integral.
Boltzmann Factors is the relevant for of Superstatistical Path Integral.
Nonequilibrium Systems is the applies to of Superstatistical Path Integral.
Intensive Parameter is the affects of Superstatistical Path Integral.
Universality Classes is the contains of Superstatistical Path Integral.