Schrodinger Equation is the illustrates of One-Dimensional Potentials.
One-Dimensional Potentials studys Square Well.
One-Dimensional Potentials studys Double Wells.
One-Dimensional Potentials uses Square Barrier.
One-Dimensional Potentials uses Semi-Infinite Step Potentials.
One-Dimensional Potentials studys Well With Two Side Barriers.
Well With Two Side Barriers studys Resonances.
Well With Two Side Barriers studys Meta-Stable States.
Overlapping Well Adjacent To A Finite Barrier is the model for discussing of Discrete Complex Energy Gamow-Seigert Meta-Stable States.
Discrete Complex Energy Gamow-Seigert Meta-Stable States relates Alpha Decay.
Non-Overlapping Well Adjacent To A Finite Barrier is the can change the transmitivity of the barrier quantitatively and significantly of Transmitivity.
Non-Overlapping Well Adjacent To A Finite Barrier is the can change the transmitivity of the barrier qualitatively of Transmission Property.
Scattering Potential Well is the can give rise to a non-overlapping well adjacent to a finite barrier of Delta Potentials.
Delta Potentials uses Dirac Delta Potentials.
Dirac Delta Potentials is the exactly solvable of Solvable Model Of Nwafb.
Solvable Model Of Nwafb uses Finite Range Well.
Finite Range Well is the model for constructing a more general model of nwafb of Rectangular Well.
Finite Range Well is the model for constructing a more general model of nwafb of Parabolic Well.
Finite Range Well is the model for constructing a more general model of nwafb of Triangular Well.
Finite Range Well is the model for constructing a more general model of nwafb of Gaussian Well.
Finite Range Well is the model for constructing a more general model of nwafb of Exponential Well.
Asymptotically Converging Profiles uses Two-Parameter Models Of Nwabf.
Two-Parameter Models Of Nwabf uses Infinite Range Well.
Infinite Range Well is the can change the transmitivity of the barrier both quantitatively and qualitatively of Transmitivity Of The Barrier.
Real And Hermitian Potentials is the ensures independence of transmitivity and reflectivity from the direction of incidence of particle of Time Reversal Symmetry.
Time Reversal Symmetry is the ensures independence of transmitivity and reflectivity from the direction of incidence of particle of Transmitivity And Reflectivity.
Transmitivity And Reflectivity is the independent of the direction of incidence of particle of Direction Of Incidence.
Delta Potentials is the exactly solvable of Solvable Model Of Nwafb.
Solvable Model Of Nwafb is the can change the transmitivity of the barrier both quantitatively and qualitatively of Transmitivity.
Transmitivity is the results in energy oscillations of Energy Oscillations.
Energy Oscillations is the results from perturbation of Perturbation.
Energy Oscillations is the essence of nwafb or a feature of thin delta potentials of Thin Delta Potentials.
Numerical Procedure uses Scattering Solutions.
Scattering Solutions is the utilizes for step-by-step integration of Runge-Kutta Method.
Runge-Kutta Method is the solves for scattering solutions of First Order Coupled Linear Differential Equations.
First Order Coupled Linear Differential Equations is the involves in the solution process of Wronskian Function.
Wronskian Function is the constant of motion of Finite Range Barrier.
Finite Range Barrier is the comparison for integration limits of Infinite Range Cases.
Quantal Calculations is the suitable for quantal calculations of Piecewise Constant Potential.
Piecewise Constant Potential represents Nwafb Of Type (3).
Nwafb Of Type (3) is the results in oscillatory transmitivity of Transmitivity.
Transmitivity attributes Finite Range.
Finite Range is the allows interference of plane waves of Distance.
Finite Range is the results in oscillations of Oscillations.
Finite Range is the depends on the profile of the potential of Prominence Of Oscillations.
Finite Range is the most localized profiles between two points of Localized Profiles.