Dependence Logic is the extension of of First-Order Logic.
Dependence Logic adds Dependence Atoms.
Dependence Logic is the introduces of Non-Linear Patterns.
Dependence Logic is the equivalent to of Branching Quantifier Logic.
Dependence Logic is the equivalent to of Independence Friendly Logic.
Dependence Logic separates Quantification.
Dependence Logic is the suitable for of Formal Analysis.
Dependence Logic is the formal analysis of of Properties Of Dependence.
Recent Papers is the explore effects of of Dependence Atoms.
Branching Quantifier Logic is the equivalent to of Dependence Logic.
Independence Friendly Logic is the equivalent to of Dependence Logic.
Logics Of Imperfect Information obtains Truth Conditions.
Logics Of Imperfect Information defines Semantic Game.
Semantic Game is the in of Verifier.
Semantic Game is the in of Falsifier.
Dynamic Game Logic reasons Game.
Dynamic Game Logic defines Game Model.
Dynamic Game Logic is the consists of of Game Terms.
Dynamic Game Logic is the consists of of Formulas.
Dynamic Game Logic is the interprets of Test Operation.
Dynamic Game Logic is the interprets of Diamond Operation.
Game Model defines Game Terms.
Game Model defines Formulas.
Dynamic Game Logic is the special case of of Transition Logic.
Transition Logic is the special case of of Dynamic Game Logic.
Transition System is the describes of Transition Model.
Decision Game is the forms of Transition System.
Transition System is the describes of Trump.
Trump is the forms of Transition System.
Transition Model is the contains of Transition Term.
Transition Model is the contains of Transition Formula.
Dependence Logic relates Transition Logic.
Dependence Logic relates Dynamic Game Logic.
Dependence Logic relates Dynamic Dependence Logic.
Dependence Logic relates Transition Dependence Logic.
Dependence Logic relates Imperfect Information.
Transition Models relates Transition Terms.
Transition Models relates Transition Formulas.
Transition Models relates States.
Transition Terms relates Assignments.
Transition Formulas relates Variable.
Transition Formulas relates Dependence Logic Formula.
Transition Formulas relates Transition Dependence Logic Formula.
Transition Dependence Logic is the equivalent to of Dependence Logic.
Transition Dependence Logic is the quantified variant of of Transition Logic.
Transition Dependence Logic relates Expressions.
Transition Dependence Logic relates Satisfiability.