Biopolymers finds Rnas.
Biopolymers finds Proteins.
Biopolymers finds Genomic Dna.
Biopolymers is the involves of Folding.
Folding is the involves of Intramolecular Interactions.
Intramolecular Interactions terms Contacts.
Molecules is the necessary for of Folding.
Molecules is the measure of of Geometric Properties.
Molecules is the measure of of Topological Properties.
Protein Folds is the measure of of Geometric Properties.
Rna Folds is the measure of of Geometric Properties.
Protein Folds is the measure of of Topological Properties.
Rna Folds is the measure of of Topological Properties.
Topology is the describes of Branched Polymers.
Topology is the describes of Knotted Polymers.
Topology is the describes of Linear Chains.
Circuit Topology is the characterizes of Linear Chains.
Circuit Topology is the elucidates of Folded Configuration.
Folded Configuration is the determinant of of Contacts.
Folded Configuration is the affects of Folding Rates.
Folded Configuration is the affects of Unfolding Pathways.
Folded Configuration is the implications for of Bimolecular Evolution.
Folded Configuration is the implications for of Molecular Engineering.
Topology is the characterization of of Polymers.
Theta-Shaped Polymers performs Chromatography.
Star Polymers performs Chromatography.
Linear Chains separates Nano-Grooves.
Linear Chains separates Nano-Slit.
Star-Branched Polymers is the travel through of Nano-Channel.
Star-Branched Polymers is the travel at different speeds through of Nano-Channel.
Linear Chains probes Nano-Channel.
Linear Chains probes Fluorescence Microscopy.
Linear Chains uses Nano-Pore Technology.
Dna Sequencing studys Nano-Pore Technology.
Unzipping Of Nucleic Acids studys Nano-Pore Technology.
Protein Detection studys Nano-Pore Technology.
Unfolded Proteins studys Nano-Pore Technology.
Interactions studys Nano-Pore Technology.
Molecular Dynamic Simulations uses Nano-Pore Technology.
Bonds connects Monomers.
Monomers affects Repulsive Interaction.
Monomers affects Lenard-Jones Potential.
Lenard-Jones Potential uses Simulations.
Simulations performs Espresso.
Force is the leads to of Breakage Of Contacts.
Breakage Of Contacts replaces Lenard-Jones Potential.
Lenard-Jones Potential is the occurs after of Equilibration.
Attraction Well is the measure of of Bondage Of Contact Sites.
Passage Times studys Monomers.
Knotted Chains is the affects of Passage Times.
Pulling Force varys Realizations.
Topologies varys Realizations.
Monomer Spacing is the equal to of Contact Sites.
Tails is the equal to of Monomer Spacing.
Chain Length numbers Monomers.
Monomers is the determines of Position Of Contact Sites.
Spacing is the equal to of Monomers.
Shoulders correlates Passage Dynamics.
Pauses relates Passage Dynamics.
Nano-Pore Technology uses Optical Tweezers.
Nano-Pore Technology measures Ion Current.
Ion Current correlates Monomers.
Maximum Passage Time is the differentiates of Topologies.
Real Chains applys Nano-Pore Technology.
Contact Pairs is the involves of Series Arrangement.
Contact Pairs is the involves of Cross Arrangement.
Contact Pairs is the involves of Parallel Arrangement.
Chains is the passes through of Nano-Pore.
Series Topology enrichs Nano-Pore.
Mixture is the contains of Chains.
Mixture is the contains of Parallel Topology.
Mixture is the contains of Cross Topology.
Parallel Topology haves Contact Sites.
Cross Topology haves Contact Sites.
Contact Sites is the lead to of Interlocking Configurations.
Excluded Volume Interaction is the main deriving force behind separation of Nano-Pore.
Pulling Force tunes Nano-Pore.
Bond Strength couples Monomer.
Bond Strength compares Pulling Force.
Chains is the translocation through of Nano-Pore.
Chains is the passes through of Nano-Pore.
Chains is the unfolds upon passing through of Nano-Pore.
Chains is the determines position of contacts along of Nano-Pore.
Chains is the discriminates between pure states using average passage time of Nano-Pore.
Pure States is the dominant in topology of chain of Chains.
Pure States is the majority of contact pairs have dominant arrangement of Chains.
Pure States recognizes Chains.
Pure States is the correlation between topology and average passage time of Chains.