Reflecting Surfaces is the restriction of Spherical Case.
Spherical Case is the assumption of Paraxial Approximation.
Paraxial Approximation relates Equation.
Equation is the position of Axial Object.
Equation is the position of Image Positions.
Equation relates Radius Of Curvature.
Reflecting Surfaces is the assumption of Conicoid.
Conicoid is the derivation of Equation.
Equation is the special case of Parabolic Surface.
Parabolic Surface is the special of Object.
Parabolic Surface is the special of Image Positions.
Conicoid Reflecting Surface is the assumption of Conicoid.
Conicoid Reflecting Surface is the satisfaction of Gaussian Equation.
Conicoid Reflecting Surface is the entry of Aberration.
Aberration is the entry of Second Order.
Aberration is the entry of Finite Object Locations.
Aberration is the entry of Fixed Shape.
Finite Object Locations is the entry of Aberration.
Object is the condition of Infinity.
Object is the condition of Incoming Light.
Incoming Light is the direction of Optical Axis.
Optical Axis is the entry of Unique Reflecting Shape.
Unique Reflecting Shape is the elimination of Aberration.
Conicoid is the consideration of Axi-Symmetric Surface.
Axi-Symmetric Surface is the assumption of Revolution.
Revolution is the reflection of Reflecting Surface.
Revolution is the generalization of Equation.
Equation is the requirement of Aberration-Free Surface.
Aberration-Free Surface is the elimination of Aberration.
Aberration-Free Surface is the function of Object Location.
Aberration-Free Surface is the function of Reflection Point.
Aberration-Free Surface is the elimination of Aberration.
Aberration-Free Surface is the satisfaction of Differential Equation.
Differential Equation is the elimination of Aberration.
Aberration is the requirement of Aberration-Free Surface.
Aberration is the condition of Object.
Aberration is the condition of Incoming Light.
Incoming Light is the direction of Optical Axis.
Optical Axis is the entry of Unique Reflecting Shape.
Unique Reflecting Shape is the elimination of Aberration.
Conicoid is the reference of Conic Sections Revisited.
Conic Sections Revisited is the source of Lecture.
Lecture is the source of Astronomy 203/403.