Hagedorn State defines Mass.
Hagedorn State defines Volume.
Hagedorn State defines Mean Energy Density.
Hagedorn State defines Distribution Width.
Hagedorn State is the must decay into at least 2 pions of Resonance.
Distribution Width is the calculates percentage falling below 2 pions of Percentage.
Percentage is the redistributes over of Cutoff.
Cutoff is the normalizes for of Normalization.
Pair is the refers to in micro-canonical model of Hagedorn State.
Pair is the refers to in micro-canonical model of Baryon Anti-Baryon Pair.
Pair is the refers to in micro-canonical model of Kaon Anti-Kaon Pair.
Decay Width is the linear fit extrapolated from data of Resonance.
Resonance is the decays into of Pions.
Resonance is the decay goes into pions and s of System.
System calculates Pions.
System calculates Resonance.
Proton is the linearly fitted from data of Decay Width.
Proton is the linearly fitted from data of Mass.
Proton is the linearly fitted from data of Resonance.
Proton is the linearly fitted from data of Decay Width.
Proton is the linearly fitted from data of Decay Width.
Kaon is the linearly fitted from data of Decay Width.
Kaon is the linearly fitted from data of Mass.
Kaon is the linearly fitted from data of Resonance.
Kaon is the linearly fitted from data of Decay Width.
Kaon is the linearly fitted from data of Decay Width.
Lambda calculates Average Number.
Lambda calculates Decay Width.
Equilibrium Values finds Particles.
Particles includes Pdg.
Feeding is the considers effects of higher lying resonances of Resonances.
Feeding includes Pions.
Fugacities chooses Entropy Density.
Entropy Density is the at initial temperature of Temperature.
Temperature multiplys Critical Temperature.
Critical Temperature represents Entropy Density.
Entropy Density is the contribution at initial temperature of Hagedorn States.
Hagedorn States is the contribution at initial temperature of Entropy Density.
Entropy Density finds Volume.
Volume discusss Expansion.
Chemical Equilibration Time is the estimate for of Pair.
Rate Equation is the look at for chemical equilibration time of Fugacity.
Rate Equation describes Pions.
Rate Equation describes Hagedorn States.
Analytical Solutions divides Chemical Equilibration.
Chemical Equilibration is the first stage dominated by equilibration of pions of Stage.
Chemical Equilibration is the new dynamics take over after pions reach equilibrium of Stage.
Dependence makes Temperature.
Temperature is the affects of Chemical Equilibrium.
Hagedorn States is the affects of Temperature.
Chemical Equilibrium reachs Kaon Pairs.
Chemical Equilibrium reachs Pions.
Hagedorn States is the affects of Kaon Pairs.
Hagedorn States is the affects of Pions.
Kaon Pairs compares Pions.
Experimental Values compares Kaon Pairs.
Experimental Values compares Pions.
Freezeout reachs Chemical Equilibrium.
Hadronic Matter reachs Chemical Equilibrium.
Qgp provides Multiplicities.
Baryon reachs Chemical Equilibrium.
Proton reachs Chemical Equilibrium.
Lambda reachs Chemical Equilibrium.
Mesonic Non-Strange Hagedorn State is the affects of Temperature.
Three Times Strange Hagedorn State is the affects of Temperature.
Baryonic Strange Hagedorn State is the affects of Temperature.
Quark Model is the utilizes of Branching Ratios.
Branching Ratios is the affects of Decay.
Binary Scattering Processes is the helps in of Chemical Equilibrium.
Resonance Production Processes is the helps in of Chemical Equilibrium.