Graphics Processing Units is the evolution of Gpus.
Gpus is the performance increase of Nvidia Chips.
Engineering And Science Communities is the application of Gpgpu General-Purpose Computing On Gpus.
Gpgpu General-Purpose Computing On Gpus is the development of Nvidia Tesla Line.
Nvidia Geforce Series is the computational power of Nvidia Chips.
Gpgpu General-Purpose Computing On Gpus is the development of Cuda.
Gpgpu General-Purpose Computing On Gpus is the development of Opencl.
Solid State Physics is the interest of Ground State.
Solid State Physics is the interest of Free Energy.
Superconducting System is the example of Iron-Based Multi-Band Superconductor.
Iron-Based Multi-Band Superconductor is the discovery of High Temperature Superconductivity.
Iron-Based Multi-Band Superconductor is the composition of Fermi Surfaces.
Iron-Based Multi-Band Superconductor is the composition of Band Structures.
Tight-Binding Hamiltonian is the description of Iron-Based Multi-Band Superconductor.
Tight-Binding Hamiltonian is the description of Minimal Two-Band Model.
Tight-Binding Hamiltonian is the description of Three-Band Model.
Tight-Binding Hamiltonian is the description of Band Structure.
Bogoliubov Transformation is the application of Iron-Based Multi-Band Superconductor.
Fulde-Ferrell Phase is the comparison of Fflo Phase.
Larkin-Ovchinnikov Phase is the comparison of Fflo Phase.
Fflo Phase is the existence of Iron-Based Multi-Band Superconductor.
Fflo Phase is the support of Cooper Pairs.
Fflo Phase is the independence of Op Symmetry.
Fflo Phase is the stability of Ground State.
Fflo Phase is the stability of Three-Band Model.
Free Energy is the calculation of Fflo Phase.
Parallel Programing is the comparison of Cpu.
Parallel Programing is the comparison of Gpu.
Parallel Programing is the implementation of Openmp.
Parallel Programing is the implementation of Pgi Cuda/Openacc Fortran.
Parallel Programing is the implementation of Cuda C.
Disconnected Fermi Surfaces is the feature of of Superconducting @Xmath145.
L. Pan is the researcher of Disconnected Fermi Surfaces.
J. Li is the researcher of Disconnected Fermi Surfaces.
Y. Y. Tai is the researcher of Disconnected Fermi Surfaces.
M. J. Graf is the researcher of Disconnected Fermi Surfaces.
J. X. Zhu is the researcher of Disconnected Fermi Surfaces.
C. S. Ting is the researcher of Disconnected Fermi Surfaces.
H. Ding is the researcher of Disconnected Fermi Surfaces.
P. Richard is the researcher of Disconnected Fermi Surfaces.
K. Nakayama is the researcher of Disconnected Fermi Surfaces.
K. Sugawara is the researcher of Disconnected Fermi Surfaces.
T. Arakane is the researcher of Disconnected Fermi Surfaces.
Y. Sekiba is the researcher of Disconnected Fermi Surfaces.
A. Takayama is the researcher of Disconnected Fermi Surfaces.
S. Souma is the researcher of Disconnected Fermi Surfaces.
T. Sato is the researcher of Disconnected Fermi Surfaces.
T. Takahashi is the researcher of Disconnected Fermi Surfaces.
Z. Wang is the researcher of Disconnected Fermi Surfaces.
X. Dai is the researcher of Disconnected Fermi Surfaces.
Z. Fang is the researcher of Disconnected Fermi Surfaces.
G. F. Chen is the researcher of Disconnected Fermi Surfaces.
J. L. Luo is the researcher of Disconnected Fermi Surfaces.
N. L. Wang is the researcher of Disconnected Fermi Surfaces.