Galactic Winds observes Galaxies.
Galaxies is the experienced significant amounts of of Star Formation.
Outflows is the represent a fundamental part of of Galaxy Formation Models.
Absence Of Outflows is the result in much higher rates than observed of Galaxy Star Formation Rates.
Absence Of Outflows is the result in fractions close to the universal value of Baryon Fractions.
Models is the predict lower star formation rates and baryon fractions of Feedback Effects.
Outflows requires Drive Metal-Enriched Gas Out Of Galaxies.
Outflows suggests Observational Work.
Outflows suggests Theoretical Work.
Core Collapse Supernovae is the plausible driving mechanism for winds of Galactic Winds.
Cosmic Rays plays Interstellar Medium.
Cosmic Rays is the tightly linked to star formation of Star Formation.
Momentum injects Cosmic Rays.
Dynamical Haloes is the predict steady , supersonic outflows driven by cosmic rays of Galactic Wind.
Hydrodynamical Simulations investigates Galactic Wind.
Adaptive-Mesh-Refinement Code uses Hydrodynamical Simulations.
Physical Processes includes Hydrodynamical Simulations.
Radiative Cooling includes Physical Processes.
Metal Enrichment includes Physical Processes.
Thermal Energy includes Physical Processes.
Diffusion Coefficient parametrizeds Physical Processes.
Continuity Equations governs Physical Processes.
Momentum Equations governs Physical Processes.
Energy Equations governs Physical Processes.
Energy Injection models Physical Processes.
Coulomb Interactions mediates Energy Injection.
Magnetic Fields involves Coulomb Interactions.
Shock Waves recognizes Galactic Cosmic Rays.
Energy Density transfers Galactic Cosmic Rays.
Diffusion parametrizeds Galactic Cosmic Rays.
Magnetic Field is the not tracked in models of Diffusion.
Turbulent Dynamo Effect is the tangles the magnetic field of Magnetic Field.
Buoyancy affects Magnetic Field.
Halo is the contains magnetic fields of Magnetic Field.
Isotropic Diffusion assumes Magnetic Field.
Spectral Data predicts Isotropic Diffusion.
Model Galaxies simulates Dark Matter Halo.
Stellar Bulge is the part of galaxy model of Model Galaxies.
Exponential Disc is the part of galaxy model of Model Galaxies.
Nfw Halo models Dark Matter Halo.
Gas initializes Exponential Disc.
Stars initializes Exponential Disc.
Initial Conditions defines Model Galaxies.
Spatial Resolution is the set for simulations of Model Galaxies.
Mass Loading Factor parametrizeds Outflow Efficiency.
Outflow Efficiency affects Mass Loading Factor.
Velocity measures Outflowing Gas.
Cool Wind Gas observes Velocity.
Temperature shows Outflowing Gas.
Pressure Gradient compares Outflowing Gas.
Energy Injection In The Form Of Cosmic Rays is the a promising feedback process of Outflowing Gas.