Haardt collaborates Maraschi.
Haardt collaborates Ghisellini.
Poutanen collaborates Svensson.
Nayakshin collaborates Melia.
Walter collaborates Zhou.
Zdziarski collaborates Coppi.
Fabian collaborates Zdziarski.
Lawrence collaborates Mchardy.
Mchardy collaborates Czerny.
Krolik collaborates Mchardy.
Dmitruk collaborates Gomez.
Galeev collaborates Rosner.
Galeev collaborates Vaiana.
De Vries collaborates Kuijpers.
Volwerk collaborates Van Oss.
Van Oss collaborates Kuperus.
Abramovicz collaborates Chen.
Ray Emission is the occurs in of Seyferts.
Studies is the investigates of Ray Emission.
Observations is the supports of Solar Flares.
Observations is the supports of Theoretical Thinking.
Observations is the generates of Enthusiasm.
Solar Theorists is the conducts of Observations.
Disk Viscosity connects Magnetic Field.
Relationship is the describes of Disk Viscosity.
Relationship is the describes of Magnetic Field.
Relationship connects Disk Viscosity.
Equation is the eliminates from of Compactness.
Compactness eliminates Equation.
Magnetic Flare is the affects of Compactness.
Structure is the sensitive to of Cold Disk.
Cold Disk is the dependent on of Viscosity Law.
Viscosity Law is the defines of Cold Disk.
Viscosity Law relates Physics.
Magnetic Flux Tubes is the influences of Viscosity Law.
Physical Constraints imposes Active Regions.
Active Regions is the exist in of Corona-Accretion Disks.
Active Regions is the evolve faster than of Transient.
Transient is the due to of Thermal Disk Time Scale.
Spectrum Formation Constraints is the lead to of Active Regions.
Plasma Confinement is the require of Magnetic Field.
Magnetic Field Stress is the withstands of Plasma Confinement.
Magnetic Field Stress is the larger than of X-Ray Radiation Pressure.
Magnetic Flare Model is the consistent with of Magnetic Field Stress.
Optical Depth explains Magnetic Flare Model.
X-Ray Reflection explains Magnetic Flare Model.
Uv Reprocessing explains Magnetic Flare Model.
Power-Law Power Density Spectra explains Magnetic Flare Model.
Magnetic Flare Model benefits Discussions.
Discussions involves Randy Jokipii.
Discussions involves Eugene Levy.
Burm benefits Discussions.
Kuperus benefits Discussions.
Dmitruk benefits Discussions.
Gomez benefits Discussions.
Johnson benefits Discussions.
Jourdain benefits Discussions.
Nayakshin benefits Discussions.
Melia benefits Discussions.
Van Oss benefits Discussions.
Van Den Oord benefits Discussions.
Parker benefits Discussions.
Priest benefits Discussions.
Rybicki benefits Discussions.
Lightman benefits Discussions.
Shakura benefits Discussions.
Sunyaev benefits Discussions.
Svensson benefits Discussions.
Volwerk benefits Discussions.
Kuijpers benefits Discussions.
De Vries benefits Discussions.
Walter benefits Discussions.
Fink benefits Discussions.