Topological Quantum Materials is the expansion beyond of Time-Reversal-Invariant Topological Insulators.
Topological Quantum Materials drives Symmetry-Protected Topological States Of Matter.
Symmetry-Protected Topological States Of Matter is the distinct from trivial states of Symmetry.
Symmetry associates Internal Quantum Numbers.
Symmetry associates Spatial Operations.
Spatial Operations is the common property of all crystals of Rotation.
Spatial Operations is the common property of all crystals of Reflection.
Crystals protects Topological Band Insulators.
Crystals theorizes Topological Crystalline Insulators (Tcis).
Topological Crystalline Insulators (Tcis) is the existence on surfaces of Topologically Protected Gapless Excitations.
Topological Crystalline Insulators (Tcis) is the preservation on surfaces of Relevant Crystal Symmetry.
Iv-Vi Semiconductors demonstrates Symmetry Protection.
Topological Crystalline Insulators (Tcis) generalizes Magnetic Point Group Symmetries.
Topological Crystalline Insulators (Tcis) generalizes Nonsymmorphic Symmetries.
Topological Crystalline Insulators (Tcis) generalizes Glide Reflection.
Topological Crystalline Insulators (Tcis) generalizes Time-Reversal Symmetry.
Topological Insulators protects Translation.
Topological Insulators protects Magnetic Translation Symmetry.
Topological Crystalline Insulators (Tcis) finds Interaction-Enabled Topological Crystalline Phases.
Interaction-Enabled Topological Crystalline Phases finds Fermion Superconductors.
Interaction-Enabled Topological Crystalline Phases finds Boson Insulators.
Interaction-Enabled Topological Crystalline Phases finds Topological Crystalline Magnets (Tcms).
Topological Crystalline Magnets (Tcms) is the existence on edge of Gapless Spin Excitations.
Topological Crystalline Magnets (Tcms) is the parallel to of Axis Of Reflection.
Topological Crystalline Magnets (Tcms) is the to array of decupled spt states of Adiabatically Connected.
Slater Insulator is the trivial as electronic phase of Fermionic Spt Phase.
Fermionic Spt Phase protects Anti-Unitary Symmetry.
Hilbert Space arises Spin-Orbit Interaction.
Topological Crystalline Magnets (Tcms) adds Symmetry-Breaking Perturbations.
Topological Crystalline Magnets (Tcms) maintains Bulk Gap.
Topological Crystalline Magnets (Tcms) protects Kramers Degeneracy.
Edge States forms Valence-Bond Solid (Vbs) State.
Valence-Bond Solid (Vbs) State protects Non-Local Symmetries.
Site-Centered Symmetry is the protects gapless edge states of Domain Wall.
Bond-Centered Symmetry dos Domain Wall.
Anisotropic Response is the response to of External Magnetic Field.
Rotation is the affects of Magnetic Field.
Linear Coupling is the allows of Constant.
Constant is the induces of Edge.
Edge is the changes to of Magnetic Field.
Edge expects Anisotropic Response.
3D Tcm Model is the constructs of 2D Array.
2D Array is the consists of of 1D Tcm Chains.
1D Tcm Chains is the forms of 3D Tcm Model.
Symmetry is the protects of Gapless 2D Surfaces.
Symmetry adds Perturbation.
Perturbation is the results in of Residual Zero Mode.
Residual Zero Mode protects Vortex Core.
Tcm Phases protects Symmetry.
Tcm Phases is the exists in of Dimension.
Tcm Phases is the robust against of Physical Electrons.
Tcm Phases detects Anisotropic Response.
External Magnetic Fields is the towards of Anisotropic Response.