Casimir Effect is the application of Nanomechanical Devices.
Casimir Effect is the application of Noncontact Friction.
Casimir Effect is the application of Carbon Nanotubes.
Casimir Effect is the application of Bose-Einstein Condensation.
Casimir Effect is the application of Modern Unification Theories Of Fundamental Interactions.
Experimental Investigation Of Casimir Force is the generalization of Field-Theoretical Methods.
Field-Theoretical Methods is the application of Idealized Boundaries.
Field-Theoretical Methods is the application of Proximity Force Theorem.
Semiconductor Surfaces is the application of Control Of Casimir Force.
Metallic Test Bodies is the compensation of Residual Charges.
Metallic Test Bodies is the compensation of Work Function Differences.
Semiconductors is the control of Reflectivity Properties.
Semiconductors is the control of Carrier Density.
Semiconductors is the control of Temperature Variation.
Semiconductors is the control of Doping.
Semiconductors is the control of Laser Light Illumination.
Gold Coated Plate is the measurement setup of Atomic Force Microscope (Afm).
Gold Coated Plate is the measurement setup of High Vacuum.
Static Dielectric Permittivity is the inclusion of Dc Conductivity.
Si Substrate is the mechanical polishing of Wafer.
Wafer is the oxidation of Oxidation Layer.
Oxidation Layer is the formation of Thermal Oxide Layer.
Oxidation Layer is the formation of Buried Sio2 Layer.
Thermal Oxide Layer etchs Hole.
Hole etchs Si Substrate.
Si Substrate is the formation of Si Membrane.
Si Membrane is the ohmic contact formation of Au (Gold).
Au (Gold) anneals Si Membrane.
Si Membrane is the cleaning of Nanostrip.
Si Membrane is the passivation of Hf (Hydrofluoric Acid).
Si Membrane mounts Piezo.
Cantilever is the deflection signal calibration of Photodiodes.
Function Generator is the voltage application of Piezo.
Ar Laser is the carrier excitation of Si Membrane.
Ar Laser is the intensity detection of Ingaas Photodiode.
Casimir Force is the dependent on of Separation.
Casimir Force is the dependent on of Laser Powers.
Casimir Force associates Experimental Errors.
Experimental Errors includes Variance.
Experimental Errors includes Random Error.
Experimental Errors includes Systematic Error.
Systematic Error includes Instrumental Noise.
Systematic Error includes Resolution Error.
Systematic Error includes Calibration Error.
Mechanical Motion associates Membrane.
Heating is the leads to of Thermal Energy.
Membrane associates Roughness.
Casimir Force acts Sphere.
Casimir Force acts Membrane.
Casimir Force acts Light.
Casimir Force describes Experimental Data.
Casimir Force describes Theoretical Errors.
Charge Carriers affects Casimir Force.
Theoretical Errors is the source of uncertainty of Gold Coating.
Theoretical Errors is the source of uncertainty of Experimental Separations.
Theoretical Errors is the source of uncertainty of Dc Conductivity.
Pressure Of Light acts Sphere.
Pressure Of Light acts Laser Light.
Plasma Frequency is the dependent on of Charge Carriers.
Dc Conductivity influences Dielectric Permittivity.
Conduction Electrons affects Casimir Force.