Mixed Volume is the fundamental notion in of Theory Of Convex Bodies.
Mixed Volume is the central role in of Brunn Minkowski Theory.
Mixed Volume is the central role in of Sparse Polynomial Systems.
Mixed Volume bes Polarization.
Polarization is the of of Volume Form.
Mixed Volume is the polarization of of Space Of Convex Bodies.
Euclidean Volume is the of of Body.
Mixed Volume is the of of Minkowski Sum.
Mixed Volume is the satisfies of Monotonicity Property.
Mixed Volume is the criterion for strict monotonicity in of Convex Polytopes.
Mixed Volume is the originates in of Algebraic Geometry.
Algebraic Geometry is the work of of Bernstein.
Algebraic Geometry is the work of of Kushnirenko.
Algebraic Geometry is the work of of Khovanskii.
Bernstein is the generalization of of Bezout Formula.
Kushnirenko is the generalization of of Bezout Formula.
Khovanskii is the generalization of of Bezout Formula.
Bezout Formula is the for of Intersection Number.
Bezout Formula is the of of Hypersurfaces.
Bezout Formula is the in of Projective Space.
Bezout Formula is the links algebraic geometry and convex geometry through of Bkk Bound.
Bkk Bound is the application to of Laurent Polynomial System.
Bkk Bound is the over of Algebraically Closed Field.
Bkk Bound is the number of in of Isolated Solutions.
Bkk Bound is the in of Algebraic Torus.
Bkk Bound is the of of Newton Polytopes.
Bkk Bound is the generalization of of Cramer'S Rule.
Einstein Workshop is the on of Lattice Polytopes.
Einstein Workshop is the at of Freie Universität Berlin.
Freie Universität Berlin is the for organizing of Monica Blanco.
Freie Universität Berlin is the for organizing of Christian Haase.
Freie Universität Berlin is the for organizing of Benjamin Nill.
Freie Universität Berlin is the for organizing of Francisco Santos.
Freie Universität Berlin is the for hospitality of Harnack Haus.
Convex Geometry is the of of Essential Collections.
Convex Geometry is the in of Mixed Cells.
Convex Geometry is the from of Mixed Polyhedral Subdivisions.
Convex Geometry is the through of Combinatorial Cayley Trick.
Support Function is the of of Body.
Support Function is the enlarge to of Domain.
Support Function is the sometimes enlarge to of Domain.
Supporting Hyperplane is the for of Body.
Facet is the of of Body.
Facet is the when of Touches.
Facet bes Intersection.
Facet is the criterion for in of Strict Monotonicity.
Facet is the touches every face for in of Touches.
Facet is the criterion for in of Strict Monotonicity.
Facet is the use of of Essential Collections.
Facet is the sub-collection is of Essential Collections.
Facet is the well-known property of of Essential Collections.
Facet is the inductive formula for of Mixed Volume.
Facet is the variation of of Convex Polytopes.
Facet translates Orthogonal Subspace.
Facet is the sum of of Mixed Volume.
Facet is the among the outer unit normals to of Essential Collections.
Facet bes Cayley Polytope.
Cayley Polytope is the of of Convex Hull.
Cayley Polytope is the of of Union.
Cayley Polytope is the for of Polytopes.
Cayley Polytope is the for of Standard Basis.
Mixed Polyhedral Subdivision is the corresponds to of Mixed.
Mixed Polyhedral Subdivision is the of of Polyhedral Subdivision.
Mixed Polyhedral Subdivision is the in of Vertices.
Mixed Polyhedral Subdivision calls Combinatorial Cayley Trick.
Mixed Polyhedral Subdivision is the if of Pure.
Mixed Polyhedral Subdivision bes Subdivision.
Mixed Polyhedral Subdivision is the if of Triangulation.
Fully Mixed bes Simplices.
Fully Mixed bes Fully Mixed.
Fully Mixed bes Parallelotope.
Euclidean Volumes is the of of Fully Mixed Polytopes.
Euclidean Volumes is the sum of of Fully Mixed Polytopes.
Euclidean Volumes is the total of Fully Mixed Polytopes.
Fully Mixed Polytopes is the coincides with of Mixed Volume.
Facet is the criterion for in of Strict Monotonicity.
Xmath328 labels Xmath331.
Xmath329 labels Xmath332.
Xmath333 haves Xmath334.
Xmath34 touchs Xmath26.
Xmath34 haves Xmath336.
Xmath110 bes Xmath34.
Xmath110 is the satisfies of Xmath337.
Xmath341 labels Xmath342.
Xmath342 is the not touched by of Xmath159.
Xmath342 haves Xmath343.
Xmath36 is the corresponds to of Xmath110.
Xmath36 labels Xmath349.
Xmath36 haves Xmath276.
Xmath350 is the comparison of Xmath276.
Xmath36 haves Xmath351.
Xmath36 is the contains of Xmath352.
Xmath353 is the with of Xmath286.
Xmath353 bes Xmath110.
Xmath353 is the intersects at vertices of Xmath176.
Xmath321 is the for every proper face of Xmath110.
Xmath354 is the of restricted system of Xmath110.
Xmath354 is the in kernel of of Xmath355.
Xmath354 gives Xmath356.