Simulation is the involves of Rf Amplitude.
Simulation is the involves of Imperfection.
Imperfection is the causes of Parallelity.
Parallelity is the results in of Pocket Depth.
Pocket Depth calculates Angle.
Pocket Depth calculates Potential.
Angle calculates Potential.
Potential applys End Electrodes.
End Electrodes is the produces of Quadrupole Potential.
Quadrupole Potential is the pushes towards of Ion Ensemble.
Quadrupole Potential is the pushes towards of Tilt-Induced Pockets.
Data Sets describes Quadratic Increase.
Data Sets compares Experiment Value.
Rf-Induced Pocket Depth obtains Tilt Angle.
Rf-Induced Pocket Depth obtains Density Distribution.
Simulation performs Oh Ions.
Oh Ions stores Pole Trap.
Oh Ions stores Temperature.
Pole Trap is the with of Rf Amplitude.
Pole Trap applys Potential.
Mechanical Tolerances is the influence on of Rf Electrodes.
Simulation extends Electric Field Simulations.
Electric Field Simulations connects Multipole Order.
Symmetry is the breaking of of Distortions.
Distortions is the introduces of Ion Trap.
Space is the points where of Time-Dependent Electric Field.
Time-Dependent Electric Field is the cancels at of Global Minima.
Symmetry expects Trap Center.
Symmetry is the several points found at of Distorted Symmetry.
Photodetachment is the measure of of Ions.
Photodetachment is the in of Trap.
Tomography Scans is the yield from of Effective Potential.
Tomography Scans is the of of Trap.
Tomography Scans is the along of Trap.
Tomography Scans averages Trap.
Tomography Scans is the scans of of Trap.
Rf Amplitudes observes Features.
Rf Amplitudes is the suppress by of Potential Minima.
Manufacturing is the precision in of Assembly.
Assembly requires Traps.
Traps is the alternative to of Planar Chip-Based Traps.
Ferdinand Schmidt-Kaler is the thanks for of Helpful Discussions.
Simulation supports Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft.
Simulation is the acknowledges support by of Alexander Von Humboldt Foundation.
Simulation is the acknowledges support by of European Commission.
Simulation is the acknowledges support by of Landesstiftung Baden-Wrttemberg.