Lanczos Chain is the generates of Lanczos Vectors.
Lanczos Vectors provides Tridiagonal Representation.
Lanczos Vectors provides Matrices.
Lanczos Iterations is the generates of Tridiagonal Matrix.
Tridiagonal Matrix is the generates of Zeta_Coef_For_G.
Resolvent_G is the computes of Response Density Matrix.
Response Density Matrix is the consists of of Upper Component.
Response Density Matrix is the consists of of Lower Component.
Response Density Matrix is the consists of of Standard Batch Representation (Sbr).
Standard Batch Representation (Sbr) is the consists of of Super-Vector.
Hermitian Operator haves Commutator.
Commutator haves Super-Operator.
Super-Operator haves Hxc Kernel.
Super-Operator haves Hxc Potential.
Hxc Potential haves Hxc Potential Response.
Charge Density Distribution is the generates of Charge-Density Susceptibility.
Charge-Density Susceptibility haves Fourier Component.
Fourier Component haves Sbr Of The Periodic Part.
Sbr Of The Periodic Part is the generates of Loss Function.
Kinetic-Energy Cutoff requires Monkhorst-Pack (Mp) Point Mesh.
Monkhorst-Pack (Mp) Point Mesh requires Methfessel-Paxton Smearing Technique.
Methfessel-Paxton Smearing Technique requires Broadening Parameter.
Experimental Lattice Parameters requires Transferred Momentum.
Dyson-Like Equation is the compares of Experiment.
Momentum predicts Plasmon Peak.
Momentum predicts Shoulder.
Momentum predicts Weak Peak.
Authors attributes Ref.
Ref is the different details used of Technical Details.
Ref mimics Electron-Hole Lifetime Effects.
Ref contrasts Constant Lorentzian Broadening.
Momentum is the at larger momentum transfer of Interaction.
Interaction is the broadens spectrum of Plasmon.
Agreement enhances Experiment.
Agreement is the remarkable of Experiment.
Agreement is the agreement with theoretical work of Experiment.
Agreement is the agreement with experiment of Experiment.
Agreement is the agreement with previous theoretical work of Experiment.
Agreement is the discrepancies attributed to lifetime effects of Experiment.
Agreement is the discrepancies attributed to lorentzian broadening of Experiment.
Momentum increases Loreztzian Broadening.
Mp Mesh reduces Size.
Loss Function is the convergence calculated at transferred momentum of Al_Conv_Iter.
Transferred Momentum is the behavior observed of Lanczos Iterations.
Transferred Momentum is the odd and even coefficients oscillate of Lanczos Coefficients.
Transferred Momentum is the oscillate around same value of Odd And Even Coefficients.
Odd And Even Coefficients is the of the order of one half the plane-wave kinetic-energy cutoff of Value.
Gap is the due to vanishing of the gap of Vanishing.
Gap discusss Discussed In Ref.
Loss Function is the convergence shown of Al_Conv_K.
Al_Conv_K is the satisfactory convergence achieved of Size.
Al_Conv_K is the with broadening parameter ry of Mp Mesh.
Loss Function is the comparison made of Al_Theor_Vs_Exp.
Al_Theor_Vs_Exp is the for two different values of Transferred Momentum.
Al_Theor_Vs_Exp is the agree remarkably well of Theoretical Predictions.
Al_Theor_Vs_Exp attributes Discrepancies.
Al_Theor_Vs_Exp attributes Discrepancies.
Al_Theor_Vs_Exp attributes Discrepancies.
Al_Theor_Vs_Exp is the display small blueshift of Theoretical Spectra.
Al_Theor_Vs_Exp is the display feature not observed experimentally of Theoretical Spectra.
Liouville-Lanczos Approach introduces Introduced.
Liouville-Lanczos Approach is the to methods requiring full density-matrix response of Easy Generalization.
Liouville-Lanczos Approach is the to frequency-dependent xc kernels of Easy Generalization.
Liouville-Lanczos Approach is the to bse with dynamical screening of Easy Generalization.
Liouville-Lanczos Approach is the to further methodological developments of Easy Generalization.
Liouville-Lanczos Approach requires Further Work.
Liouville-Lanczos Approach presents Advances.
Liouville-Lanczos Approach is the of complex surfaces of Simulation.
Liouville-Lanczos Approach is the of nano-structured surfaces of Simulation.
Liouville-Lanczos Approach is the include low miller index surfaces of Examples.
Liouville-Lanczos Approach is the include plasmonic materials of Examples.
Liouville-Lanczos Approach is the include bulk bismuth of Examples.
S. De Gironcoli is the valuable discussions of Support.
A. Dal Corso is the valuable discussions of Support.
L. Reining is the valuable discussions of Support.
Support acknowledges Anr.
Support acknowledges Dga.
Computer Time grants Genci.
I.T. performs Performance.
N.V performs Performance.
N.V is the thanks marco saitta of Thanks.
S.B. is the acknowledges hospitality at cole polytechnique of Acknowledges.