Quantum Computer is the faster than of Algorithm.
Algorithm uses Shor Algorithm.
Quantum Computer is the consist of of Qubits.
Qubits uses Quantum Logical Gates.
Qubits is the realization in of Semiconductor Quantum Dots.
Qubits encodes Electron.
Qubits encodes Electron Spin.
Electron encodes Electron Charge.
Electron encodes Electron Spin.
Electron Spin characterizes Decoherence Times.
Qubits requires Magnetic Field.
Magnetic Field uses Electron Spin Resonance.
Electron Spin Resonance uses Read-Out.
Qubits bases Singlet-Triplet States.
Singlet-Triplet States uses Double Quantum Dot (Dqd).
Double Quantum Dot (Dqd) controls Exchange Interactions.
Double Quantum Dot (Dqd) points Decoherence-Free Subspace (Dfs).
Double Quantum Dot (Dqd) controls Gate Potentials.
Gate Potentials is the modify of Exchange Interactions.
Gate Potentials expresss Exchange Interactions.
Qubits uses Triangular Geometry.
Triangular Geometry encodes Chirality States.
Chirality States controls Exchange Interactions.
Chirality States is the influence on of Electric Field.
Qubits considers Superexchange Processes.
Superexchange Processes is the modify of Local Potential Gates.
Superexchange Processes modifys Superexchange Couplings.
Doublet Subspace is the contrast with of Quadruplet States.
Heisenberg Hamiltonian includes Zeeman Term.
Heisenberg Hamiltonian describes Exchange Interaction.
Exchange Interaction is the dependent on of Interdot Distance.
Exchange Interaction is the dependent on of Potential Barrier.
Exchange Interaction is the dependent on of Magnetic Field.
Exchange Interaction calculates Exchange Coupling.
Exchange Coupling calculates Heitler-London Method.
Exchange Coupling calculates Hund-Mulliken Method.
Exchange Coupling manipulates Local Potential Gates.
Exchange Coupling expresss Linear Approximation.
Linear Approximation describes Sensitivity.
Sensitivity is the dependent on of Gate Voltage.
Qubits assumes Triangular Geometry.
Triangular Geometry controls Exchange Interactions.
Triangular Geometry is the influence on of Electric Field.
Electric Field is the affects of Bond Polarization.
Electric Field is the affects of Covalency.
Qubits encodes Qubit States.
Qubit States uses Pauli Spin Blockade.
Qubits performs Quantum Gates.
Quantum Gates locates Bloch Sphere.
Qubits applys Detuning Voltage.
Detuning Voltage detects Quantum Point Contact (Qpc).
Qubits couples Tunnel Junctions.
Tunnel Junctions studys Sequential Tunneling Regime.
Manipulations is the involves of Spin.
Spin is the involves of Charge Conversion.
Doublet Blockade Effect relates Asymmetry.
Doublet Blockade Effect relates Tunnel Rates.
Doublet Blockade Effect relates Electrodes.
Asymmetry is the involves of Tunnel Rates.
Asymmetry is the involves of Electrodes.
Tunnel Rates is the involves of Doublet States.
Doublet States is the involves of Electrodes.
Specific Symmetry is the involves of Tqd.
Tqd is the involves of Dark State.
Dark State is the blocks of Electron Transport.
Singlet is the blocks of Current.
Triplet is the involves of Dark State.
Triplet is the involves of Electron Transport.
Doublet Blockade is the detects of Qubit States.
Linear Tqd is the involves of Doublet Blockade.
Blockade Condition requires Electrodes.
Blockade Condition requires Central Dot.
Blockade is the applies to of Dynamical Initialization.
Blockade is the applies to of Landau-Zener Passages.
Time Dependent Electron Transport is the involves of Doublet Blockade.
Research provides Dynamics.
Research provides Coherent Oscillations.
Research provides Relaxation Processes.
Relaxation Processes is the involves of Electrodes.
Leakage Processes is the studies of Doublet.
Triplet is the involves of Leakage Processes.
Leakage Processes is the involves of Singlet.
Quadruplet State is the activates of Leakage Processes.
Driven Case is the involves of Mixing Parameter.
Mixing Parameter is the involves of Doublet State.
Resonance Condition is the partially removes of Doublet Blockade.
Resonance Condition is the observes of Rabi Oscillations.
Resonance Condition is the partially removes of Doublet Blockade.
Spin-Flip Processes is the causes of Electrodes.
Total Mixing Time is the mixes of Doublet Subspaces.
Total Mixing Time is the mixes of Spin-Flip Processes.
Total Mixing Time is the promising for of Long.
Manipulation is the reads out of Qubit.