Type Ia Supernovae haves Standardizable Candles.
Type Ia Supernovae haves Peak Luminosity.
Type Ia Supernovae haves Cosmological Probes.
Empirically Determined Relation yields Peak Absolute Magnitude.
Earliest Attempts precedes Matter Density Of The Universe.
Supernova Cosmology Project leads Incorrect Conclusions.
Supernova Cosmology Project is the incorrect conclusions about of Cosmic Matter Density.
High-Z Supernova Search Team is the found of Evidence For Low Matter Density.
Publications comes Surprising Conclusion.
Universe bes Expanding At An Accelerating Rate.
Universe bes Driven By Mysterious Dark Energy.
Supernova Observations confirms Confirmed By.
Measurements is the of of Cosmic Microwave Background Anisotropies.
Measurements is the of of Large-Scale Structure.
Spectra leads Consensus.
Thermonuclear Disruption bes Characterized By.
Carbon-Oxygen White Dwarf is the of of Thermonuclear Disruption.
White Dwarf Mass precipitates Approaching Chandrasekhar Mass Limit.
Matter Accretion is the through of From Binary Companion.
Accretion Process bes Uncertain.
Scenarios becomes Focus Of.
Single-Degenerate Model involves Accretes Matter.
Double-Degenerate Model involves Involving.
Understanding is the remains incomplete of Incomplete.
Models is the with questions persisting about of Questions Persisting.
Dark-Energy Models requires Requires Mapping.
Expansion History Of The Universe is the with high precision of High Precision.
Expansion History Of The Universe is the with small systematic error of Small Systematic Error.
Applying Type Ia Supernovae bes Complicated By.
Nature Of Explosion Physics bes Uncertain.
Progenitor Stars bes Uncertain.
Potential Dangers is the in blindly applying of Blindly Applying.
Theoretical Models is the suggest of Suggest.
Population Age is the may have an effect on of Effect On.
Metallicity is the may have an effect on of Effect On.
Stars haves Evolved Over Cosmic Time.
Ensemble Character is the may be a function of of Function Of Lookback Time.
Local Universe contains Contains.
Correlation bes Noted By.
Results haves Confirmed.
Correlation With Morphology is the remains unknown of Remains Unknown.
Correlation bes Demonstrates.
Spiral Galaxies is the differ in of Differ In.
Elliptical Galaxies is the differ in of Differ In.
Stellar Ages is the differ in of Differ In.
Star-Formation Rate is the differ in of Differ In.
Metal Content is the differ in of Differ In.
Correlation is the impacts of Impacts.
Metallicity bes Influencing.
Results bes Ambiguous.
Host-Galaxy Absolute Magnitude bes Investigated In.
Galaxies is the in a sample of of With Broad Range Of Properties.
Metallicity is the no significant correlation between of No Significant Correlation.
Metal Content is the correlation found of Correlation Found.
Galaxies bes Found To Host.
Star-Forming Galaxies is the host faint sne ia of Host Faint Sne Ia.
Star-Forming Galaxies is the host fast-declining sne ia of Host Fast-Declining Sne Ia.
Star-Formation History bes Investigated In.
Galaxies divides Divided By.
Star-Formation History is the more stark than of More Stark Than.
Luminosity Spread is the results from of Results From.
Population Age is the influence on of Influence On.
High-Redshift Sample haves Seen In.
Specific Type Ia Rate bes Dependent On.
Current Star Formation is the hosts of Hosts.
Star-Forming Galaxies is the host approximately 10 times as many of Approximately 10 Times As Many Sne Ia.
Specific Type Ia Rate bes Described By.
Combination Of Two Distinct Populations is the component dependent on of Dependent On.
Light-Curve Shape Correction Methods bes Perfect.
Corrected Photometric Properties is the could have implications for of Differ.
Short Delay Time Sne expects Expected To Dominate At High Redshift.
Long Delay Time Events expects Expected To Dominate At Low Redshift.
Luminosity-Weighted Ages studys Studied In.
Metal Abundances studys Studied In.
Early-Type Host Galaxies allows Allowing To Sample.
Absorption-Line Spectra utilizes Characterize.
Age is the impact on of Impact On.
Metallicity is the impact on of Impact On.
Relative Type Ia Rate measures Measured As Function Of Galaxy Age.
Second-Order Dependencies is the search for of Search For.
Host-Galaxy Ages is the compare to of Compare To.
Host-Galaxy Metallicities is the compare to of Compare To.
Galaxies comprises Stellar Populations.
Galaxy Ages derives Single Age.
Galaxy Ages derives Single Metallicity.
Galaxy Ages is the sensitive to of Stellar Populations.
Stellar Spectral Library uses Miles.
Empirical Stellar Library is the improvement over of Theoretical Stellar Libraries.
Population Synthesis Models is the adopt of Salpeter Imf.
Absorption-Line Indices uses Lick/Ids System.
Absorption-Line Indices eliminates Flux-Calibrated Stellar Libraries.
Observational Data is the convert to of Lick/Ids System.
Observational Data is the match resolution with of Lick Spectrograph.
Velocity Dispersion is the determine for of Host Galaxies.
Hn/Fe Index uses Hn/Fe Indices.
Balmer Emission is the contamination in of Emission Correction.
Iron Lines uses Index-Index Diagrams.
Spectra derives Age/Metallicity Estimates.
Bivariant Polynomial Transformations uses Idl Code.
Least Squares Method is the calculate of Error Bars.
Galaxy Name identifys Galaxy Results.
Error Limits determines Age/Metallicity Estimates.
Absorption-Line Index Limits uses Galaxy Age Estimate.
Absorption-Line Index Limits uses Metallicity Estimate.
Index Measurement uses Age/Metallicity.
Galaxy Results compares Sdss.
Redshift Range 0 measures Sdss.
Galaxies is the cross referenced with of Nasa / Ipac Extragalactic Database ( Ned ).
Galaxies accepts Elliptical Field Galaxies.
Elliptical Field Galaxies obtains Sdss.
Elliptical Field Galaxies corrects Synthetic Orion Spectrum.
Models broadens Elliptical Field Galaxies.
Algorithm uses Sdss.
Data assesss Sdss.
Age compares Data.
Metallicity compares Data.
Age uses Host-Galaxy Analysis.
Metallicity uses Host-Galaxy Analysis.
Sne Ia Properties compares Age.
Sne Ia Properties compares Metallicity.
Evolutionary Synthesis Models compares Galaxies.
Sne Ia hosts Host-Galaxy Analysis.
Specific Star Formation calculates Galaxies.
Specific Star Formation uses Galaxies.
High-Redshift Snls Data compares Galaxies.
Early-Type Galaxy Formation studys Galaxies.
Evolution Of The Universe affects Galaxies.
Kolmogorov-Smirnov Test performs Galaxies.
Hubble Diagram is the reduces scatter in of Cosmological Measurements.
Cosmic Evolution In Metallicity is the affects of Sne Ia.
John Doe is the funding of Nasa.
John Doe is the funding of Nsf.
John Doe is the donation of Sun Microsystems.
John Doe is the donation of Hewlett-Packard.
John Doe is the donation of Autoscope Corporation.
John Doe is the donation of Lick Observatory.
John Doe is the donation of Sylvia And Jim Katzman Foundation.
John Doe is the access to computer network of Sumner Starrfield.
John Doe is the access to computer network of Arizona State University.
John Doe is the support of A.V.F. Supernova Group.