Ai3 is the reveals of Low-Energy Massless Dirac Fermions.
Ai3 is the reveals of Hyrdostatic Pressure.
Ai3 haves Dirac Cones.
Ai3 haves Anisotropy.
Ai3 haves Fermi Velocity.
Ai3 is the indicates of Charge-Ordered Phase.
Ai3 is the indicates of Electron-Electron Interactions.
Ai3 haves Massive Carriers.
Ai3 is the indicates of Ab-Initio Band-Structure Calculations.
Ai3 haves Magneto-Transport Measurements.
Ai3 haves Hydrostatic Pressure.
Magnetic Field applys Ai3.
Ai3 is the involves of Resistivity Measurements.
Ai3 is the involves of Pressure Transmitting Medium.
Ai3 is the involves of Magneto-Conductivity.
Ai3 is the involves of Carrier Types.
Ai3 is the involves of Thermopower Measurements.
Thermal Gradient is the involves of Thermopower Measurements.
Ai3 is the involves of Hall Measurements.
Ai3 haves Effective Mass.
Ai3 is the involves of Hopping Integral.
Ai3 is the involves of Lattice Constant.
Ai3 haves Mobility.
Scattering Times is the affects of Mobility.
Massless Dirac haves Density-Dependent Cyclotron Mass Of The Dirac Carriers.
Density-Dependent Cyclotron Mass Of The Dirac Carriers is the in terms of of Fermi Energy.
Fermi'S Golden Rule is the may be obtained from of Scattering Times.
Fermi'S Golden Rule is the in terms of of Impurity Density.
Fermi'S Golden Rule is the in terms of of Matrix Element.
Fermi'S Golden Rule is the for dirac of Density Of States For Dirac.
Fermi'S Golden Rule is the for massive of Density Of States For Massive.
Short-Range Impurity Scattering is the apart from of Atomic Defects.
Short-Range Impurity Scattering is the as it may be seen within of Screened Coulomb-Type Impurities.
Screened Coulomb-Type Impurities approximates Thomas-Fermi Approximation.
Screened Coulomb-Type Impurities dominates Screening Length Of The Coulomb Interaction.
Screened Coulomb-Type Impurities is the of the massive carriers of Thomas-Fermi Wave Vector.
Screened Coulomb-Type Impurities is the for an of Effective Bohr Radius.
Screened Coulomb-Type Impurities is the for massless dirac carriers of Thomas-Fermi Wave Vector.
Screened Coulomb-Type Impurities is the and a of Density.
Screened Coulomb-Type Impurities is the and a of Fine-Structure Constant.
Screened Coulomb-Type Impurities bes Thomas-Fermi Wave Vector.
Screened Coulomb-Type Impurities is the of the massive carriers of Fermi Wave Vector.
Screened Coulomb-Type Impurities is the which is itself much larger than that of the dirac carriers of Fermi Wave Vector.
Screened Coulomb-Type Impurities is the for-type carriers may therefore be approximated by its of Screened Coulomb Potential.
Screened Coulomb-Type Impurities bes Permittivity Of The Dielectric Environment.
Screened Coulomb-Type Impurities calculates Dielectric Function.
Mobility Ratio is the for of Mobility Ratio In The Limit.
Mobility Ratio In The Limit is the neither depend on of Form Of The Matrix Element.
Mobility Ratio In The Limit is the nor on of Impurity Density.
Mobility Ratio In The Limit is the one expects a of Ratio.
Mobility Ratio In The Limit bes Measured Ratio.
Mobility Ratio In The Limit is the notice that for of Experimentally Relevant Regime.
Experimentally Relevant Regime is the may be replaced by a of Energy Dependence In The Density Of States Of The Massless Dirac Carriers.
Energy Dependence In The Density Of States Of The Massless Dirac Carriers is the such that one expects a of Linear Dependence In Temperature.
Linear Dependence In Temperature is the of of Linear Temperature Dependence Of The Mobility Ratio.
Linear Temperature Dependence Of The Mobility Ratio is the in agreement with of Experimental Findings.
Magneto-Transport In Ai3 is the indicates that of Conduction In This System.
Thermopower Measurements performs One Of The Three Studied Samples.
Conduction In This System haves Two Carrier Scenario.
Two Carrier Scenario bes Magneto-Conductivity Curves.
Magneto-Conductivity Curves is the and is responsible for of Plateau Shape.
Proper Separation Of Massive Carriers haves Coexisting Dirac And Massive Carriers.
Coexisting Dirac And Massive Carriers is the such as of Complementary Studies.
Complementary Studies bes Spectroscopic Measurements.