Statistical Problem is the involves of Nested Random Sequences.
Nested Random Sequences is the describes of Statistical Descriptors.
Statistical Descriptors is the in of Data.
Data is the in of Non-Euclidean Space.
Classical Pca is the utilizes of Asymptotics.
Pythagoras Theorem is the implies of Approximating Subspaces.
Pca Analogs is the applies to of Non-Euclidean Space.
Non-Euclidean Space is the causes of Curvature.
Procrustes Analysis follows Principal Geodesic Analysis.
Principal Geodesic Analysis is the utilizes of Fréchet Mean.
Fréchet Mean is the supports of Asymptotics.
Tangent Space is the impacts of Asymptotics.
Forward Nestedness is the leads to of Random Basepoints.
Geodesic Principal Component Analysis is the lacks of Asymptotics.
Iterated Frame Bundle Development is the compares to of Geodesic Principal Component Analysis.
Barycentric Subspaces is the compares to of Geodesic Principal Component Analysis.
Nestedness is the affects of Non-Euclidean Pca.
Equator confines Two-Sphere.
Two-Sphere is the contains of Pole.
Principal Arc Analysis is the introduces of Backward Nested Mean.
Circle is the utilizes of Principal Arc Analysis.
Shape Analysis is the enhances of Principal Arc Analysis.
Unit Sphere haves Dimension.
Small Subsphere haves Dimension.
Higher Dimensional is the results in of Descriptor Spaces.
Descriptor Spaces is the impacts of Asymptotic Theory.
Asymptotic Theory is the lacks of Inferential Tools.
Backward Nested Families Of Descriptors is the addresses of Asymptotic Theory.
Random Objects is the investigates of Constrained M-Estimation Technique.
Constrained M-Estimation Technique is the utilizes of Random Lagrange Multiplier Approach.
Random Lagrange Multiplier Approach requires Factoring Charts.
Factoring Charts is the ensures of Asymptotic Normality.
Riemannian Manifold is the applies to of Factoring Charts.
Kendall'S Shape Spaces is the applies to of Factoring Charts.
Complex Projective Space is the generalizes to of Kendall'S Shape Spaces.
Landmark Configurations is the exists in of Kendall'S Shape Spaces.
Phylogenetic Tree Spaces is the applies to of Generalization.
Torus-Pca is the applies to of Generalization.
Polysphere-Pca is the applies to of Generalization.
Flags Of Barycentric Subspaces is the applies to of Generalization.
Abstract Setup is the introduces of Bnfds.
Bnfds is the applies to of Riemannian Manifold.
Bnfds is the applies to of Kendall'S Shape Spaces.
Asymptotic Strong Consistency is the demonstrates of Bnfds.
Nested Bootstrap Two-Sample Test is the applies to of Bnfds.
Stem Cell Differentiation is the triggers of Actin-Myosin Filament Skeleton.
Fluorescence Images is the maps to of Two-Sphere.
Cell Structures is the maps to of Two-Sphere.
Biomechanical Cues is the results in of Ordering.
Ordering is the affects of Cell Structures.
Cell Division is the impacts of Ordering.
Time Point is the defines of Fixated Hmscs Imaging.
Fixated Hmscs Imaging is the occurs at of Time Point.
Time Resolved In-Vivo Cell Imaging is the investigates of Ordering.
Canonical Form is the exists in of Riemannian Manifold.
Riemann Stratified Spaces is the applies to of Canonical Form.
Generalization is the extends to of Riemann Stratified Spaces.
Phylogenetic Tree Spaces is the applies to of Generalization.
Differential Geometry is the pertains to of Riemannian Manifold.
Point Sets requires Loss Function.
Loss Function is the measures of Distance.
Nestedness is the affects of Descriptor Space.
Descriptor Space is the impacts of Factoring Charts.
Factoring Charts is the ensures of Asymptotic Normality.
Probability Space is the exists in of Random Elements.
Random Elements maps Topological Space.
Topological Space is the exists in of Smooth.
Continuous Function is the defines of Loss Function.
Separable Topological Space is the admits of Backward Nested Families Of Descriptors.
Xmath59 gives Xmath60.
Xmath59 is the space of all bnfds of Xmath67.
Xmath68 is the projects along each descriptor of Xmath70.
Xmath71 is the in case of pns of Xmath72.
Xmath71 nests Xmath73.
Xmath74 gives Xmath75.
Xmath75 is the recursively defined via of Xmath76.
Xmath76 defines Xmath77.
Xmath76 defines Xmath78.
Xmath79 is the measurable choice for of Xmath80.
Xmath81 gives Xmath82.
Xmath82 is the for all of Xmath83.
Xmath84 is the also called of Xmath85.
Xmath86 ignores Xmath87.
Xmath87 considers Xmath88.
Xmath315 fixs Xmath316.
Xmath317 is the arbitrary representative of of Xmath31.
Xmath281 is the representative i.o . p to of Xmath282.
Xmath282 is the horizontal geodesic to of Xmath53.
Xmath53 is the geodesics lift to horizontal geodesics of Xmath316.
John Doe is the affiliation of University Of Göttingen.
Human Mesenchymal Stem Cells is the component of Actin-Myosin Filament Skeleton.
Human Mesenchymal Stem Cells is the quantification of Young'S Modulus.
Actin-Myosin Filament Skeleton is the component of Nmm Iia.
Filament Sensor is the creator of John Doe.
John Doe is the acknowledgement of Rabi Bhattacharya.
John Doe is the acknowledgement of Vic Patrangenaru.
John Doe is the acknowledgement of Florian Rehfeldt.
John Doe is the acknowledgement of Carina Wollnik.
M. Sommerfeld collaborates J. Weickert.
S. F. Huckemann collaborates B. Eltzner.
M. Pittenger collaborates A. Mackay.
M. Pittenger collaborates S. Beck.
M. Pittenger collaborates R. Jaiswal.
M. Pittenger collaborates R. Douglas.
M. Pittenger collaborates J. Mosca.
M. Pittenger collaborates M. Moorman.
M. Pittenger collaborates D. Simonetti.
M. Pittenger collaborates S. Craig.
M. Pittenger collaborates D. Marshak.
S. M. Pizer collaborates S. Jung.
S. M. Pizer collaborates D. Goswami.
S. M. Pizer collaborates J. Vicory.
S. M. Pizer collaborates X. Zhao.
S. M. Pizer collaborates R. Chaudhuri.
S. M. Pizer collaborates J. N. Damon.
S. M. Pizer collaborates S. F. Huckemann.
S. M. Pizer collaborates J. Marron.