Turbulent Flows is the relate of Dynamical Systems Theory.
Turbulent Flows is the relate of Non-Equilibrium Statistical Physics.
Turbulent Flows is the relate of Energy Cascade.
Energy Cascade is the relate of Transport Processes.
Turbulent Flows is the relate of Vortices.
Kirchhoff is the mentor of Helmholtz.
Kirchhoff is the mentor of Aref.
Onsager is the mentor of Joyce.
Onsager is the mentor of Montgomery.
Onsager is the mentor of Lundgren.
Onsager is the mentor of Pointin.
Onsager is the mentor of Chavanis.
Kraichnan is the mentor of Chen.
Kraichnan is the mentor of Melander.
Melander is the mentor of Styczek.
Melander is the mentor of Zabusky.
Xmath33 evaluates Model.
Model is the importance for investigation of Structurefactor.
Structurefactor is the relates to of Rotor Model.
Rotor Model is the relates to of Radial Distribution Function.
Radial Distribution Function is the good starting point for interpretation of Fluctuations.
Fluctuations is the investigation of growth of Rotor Clusters.
Rotor Clusters is the determines of Growth Rate.
Growth Rate plots Temp.
Temp compares Power Laws.
Power Laws is the different from of Pattern Formation.
Pattern Formation is the growth rate comparison of Droplets.
Droplets accords Cahn-Hilliard Equation.
Cahn-Hilliard Equation is the theory used in of Slyozov-Lifshitz Theory.
Rotor Clusters is the exhibits of Inverse Cascade.
Rotor Clusters investigates Nonlinear Dynamics.
Rotor Clusters knows Point Vortex Models.
Rotor Clusters is the incorporates of Vortex Thinning.
Vortex Thinning is the similar to of Experiments Of Chen Et Al.
Rotor Clusters is the formation discussed of Clusters Of Rotors.
Clusters Of Rotors is the interaction of of Circulations.
Circulations is the configuration of of Interaction Of Two Rotors.
Interaction Of Two Rotors conserves Center Of Vorticity.
Interaction Of Two Rotors is the obeys evolution equation of Distance Vector.
Distance Vector is the evolution equation for of Relative Distance.
Relative Distance is the evolution equation for of Relative Coordinate Of A Rotor.
Relative Coordinate Of A Rotor is the split into of Fast Varying Parts.
Relative Coordinate Of A Rotor is the split into of Slow Varying Parts.
Relative Coordinate Of A Rotor is the proceed with of Adiabatic Approximation.
Adiabatic Approximation compares Damping Constant.
Adiabatic Approximation is the change induced by of Far Field.
Relative Coordinate Of A Rotor is the obeys evolution equation of Relative Motion Of The Rotors.
Relative Motion Of The Rotors is the effect of of Strain Induced Stretching Of The Rotors.
Relative Motion Of The Rotors considers Symmetry Breaking.
Symmetry Breaking is the differs from of Two-Rotor Interaction.
Two-Rotor Interaction calculates Energy Spectra.
Two-Rotor Interaction is the give evidence for of Energy Fluxes.
Two-Rotor Interaction observes Vortex Thinning During The Cascade Process.
Rotor Model is the evaluation of of Finite Time Lyapunov Exponents.
Rotor Model is the evaluation of of Lyapunov Vectors.
Rotor Model studys Stochastic System.
Stochastic System is the allows to draw analogies with of Fokker-Planck Equation.
Stochastic System is the analogies with of Quantum Mechanical Many Body Problems.
Rotor Model is the leads to of Continuum Version Of The Model Equations.
Continuum Version Of The Model Equations is the exhibits analogies with of Subgrid Model.
Continuum Version Of The Model Equations is the formulation of of Kinetic Equations.
Kinetic Equations performs Fully Developed Turbulence.
Kinetic Equations performs Rayleigh-Bénard Convection.
Kinetic Equations derives Kinetic Equation For The Two-Point Vorticity Statistics.
Kinetic Equation For The Two-Point Vorticity Statistics derives Monin-Lundgren-Novikov Hierarchy.
Rotor Model makes Decomposition Of The Vorticity Field.
Decomposition Of The Vorticity Field is the definition of of Discrete Set Of Vortices.
Discrete Set Of Vortices is the definition of of Fourier Space.
Fourier Space derives Vorticity Equation.
Vorticity Equation expresss Nonlinearity.
Nonlinearity is the yields of Convolution.
Vorticity Equation calculates Velocity Field.
Velocity Field uses Biot-Savart'S Law.
Rotor Model is the calculation of of Multipole Expansion Of A Rotor.
Multipole Expansion Of A Rotor is the definition of of Relative And Center Coordinates.