Superconductors is the consequence of of Superfluids.
Bosonic Particles is the form of Bose-Einstein Condensate.
Two Dimensional Electron Systems is the foundation to create of Excitons.
Two Dimensional Electron Systems exposes Magnetic Field.
Two Dimensional Electron Systems is the condense into of Landau Levels.
Filling Factor parameterizeds Electron Densities.
Electron Densities is the identical in both layers of Bilayer System.
Filling Factor is the simultaneously at of Bilayer System.
Bilayer System views Interlayer Quasi-Excitons.
Electron couples Interlayer Quasi-Excitons.
Interlayer Quasi-Excitons couples Electron.
Interlayer Quasi-Excitons investigates Properties.
Interlayer Tunneling Experiments investigates Properties.
Transport Experiments performs Counter-Flow Configuration.
Counter-Flow Configuration is the vanish of Hall Voltages.
Counter-Flow Configuration is the ( nearly ) vanish of Longitudinal Voltages.
Counter-Flow Configuration interprets Result.
Interlayer Tunneling Experiments is the resembles of I/V Characteristic.
Bilayer is the analogous to of Josephson Junction.
Bilayer recognizes Experiment.
Bilayer Samples requires Tunneling.
Bilayer Samples is the possess a small single electron of Tunnel Splitting.
Interlayer Phase Coherence is the completely of Spontaneous.
Interlayer Tunneling Experiments is the indicate of Properties.
Tunneling Process is the strongly changes of Nature.
Tunneling Process is the reveals the existence of of Critical Tunneling Currents.
Critical Tunneling Currents is the terminate of Regime.
Regime is the terminates of Interlayer Phase Coherence.
Total Current is the increases by many orders of magnitude of 4-Terminal Interlayer Resistance.
Data is the originate from of Samples.
Quantum Well Structure is the consists of of Gaas Quantum Wells.
Quantum Well Structure separates Superlattice Barrier.
Superlattice Barrier composes Alas.
Superlattice Barrier composes Gaas.
Quantum Wells haves Electron Density.
Quantum Wells is the exceeds of Low-Temperature Mobility.
Samples is the sample a is a of Hall Bar Geometry.
Samples is the samples b and c are patterned into a of Quasi-Corbino Ring.
Samples is the provide separate of Contacts.
Electron Densities balances Layers.
Dc Bias is the modulation of of Ac Sine Wave.
Dc Bias applys Layers.
Dc Bias is the determine of Differential Conductance.
Fermi Energies owes Momentum.
Momentum is the becomes possible of Energy Conservation.
Momentum is the depends on of Momentum.
Momentum requires Magnetic Field.
Magnetic Field expects Peak.
Figure is the shows of Results.
Dc Bias modulates Ac Voltage.
Current measures Voltage Drop.
Measurements performs Sample A.
Sample A is the at of Temperature.
Sample A balances Carrier Densities.
Center-To-Center Distance characterizes Layers.
Figure is the use of Notation.
Figure is the plot versus of Differential Conductance.
Figure is the plot versus of Voltage.
Figure is the illustrates of Curve.
Peaks centers Enhanced Tunneling Anomaly.
Tunneling Experiment is the smaller than other series resistances of Interlayer Resistance.
Critical Currents is the exist of Regime.
Regime establishs Interlayer Phase Coherence.
Width is the depends on of Sum Of All Series Resistances.
Width is the rescale to a very narrow peak of System.
Interlayer Coherence is the depends on of Width.
Experiment controls Current.
Experiment resolves Critical Currents.
Experiment conceals Critical Currents.
Set resolves Critical Currents.
Set conceals Critical Currents.
Set compares Interlayer Resistance.
Set is the influences of Interlayer Resistance.
Set is the accounts for of Inversion.
Inversion is the accounts for of Influence.