Gamma-Ray Burst is the comprises of Prompt Emission.
Gamma-Ray Burst is the comprises of Afterglow.
Prompt Emission describes Power Density Spectra.
Power Density Spectra is the typically have of Light Curves.
Light Curves composes Underlying Slow Component.
Light Curves composes Rapid Fast Component.
Rapid Fast Component is the more significant in of High Energies.
Rapid Fast Component is the less significant at of Lower Frequencies.
External Shock Model haves Difficulty Producing Grb Variability.
Steep Decay Phase is the suggests detached from of Prompt Emission Region.
Prompt Emission Region is the nails down of Internal Origin.
Internal Origin attributes Variability.
Central Engine carrys Erratic Activity.
Ejecta launchs Composed Of Multiple Shells.
Faster Late Shells catchs Collide With Slower Early Shells.
Ejecta converts Kinetic Energy.
Kinetic Energy converts Energy Of Non-Thermal Particles.
Energy Of Non-Thermal Particles releases Released As Non-Thermal Radiation.
Model relates Variability Timescales.
Central Engine carrys Carries Two Variability Components.
Icmart Model proposes Explains Prompt Emission Of Grbs.
Icmart Model is the envisages of Envisages Internal Interactions Of Shells.
Icmart Model bes Ejecta Poynting Flux Dominated.
Ejecta Poynting Flux Dominated haves Magnetization Parameter In Collision Region.
Icmart Model motivates Non-Detection Of Bright Photosphere Thermal Component.
Icmart Model distorts Magnetic Field Configurations Distorted.
Magnetic Field Configurations Distorted is the occurs of Cascade Of Reconnection And Turbulence Occurs.
Charged Particles accelerates Accelerated In Reconnection Regions.
Icmart Model supposes Light Curve Supposed To Have Two Variability Components.
Reconnection Regions is the leads to of Intense Gamma-Ray Radiation.
Reconnection Regions is the leads to of Rapid Variability Of Observed Grb Light Curves.
Cascade Of Reconnection And Turbulence is the stops of Stops.
Cascade Of Reconnection And Turbulence is the not quickly damped of Turbulence Not Quickly Damped.
Reconnection Events is the drives of Continuous Injection Of Particle Energy.
Icmart Model is the depend on of Simulated Light Curve Properties Depend On Parameters.
Icmart Model is the focus on of Focus On Assumption.
Density bes Emission Region.
Total Dissipated Volume bes Emission Region.
Filling Factor is the defines ratio of Total Dissipated Volume.
Reconnection Event is the powers of Mini-Jet.
Cone is the affects of Mini-Jet.
Radius Of The Emission Region is the defines radius of Cone.
Jet Opening Angle is the defines angle of Cone.
Initial Values includes Reconnection Event.
Time is the function of of Reconnection Event.
Photon releases Magnetic Energy.
Magnetic Energy deposits Bulk.
Bulk is the boosts of Kinetic Energy.
Observer bes Line Of Sight.
Curvature Effect is the defines delay of Delay Timescale.
Delay Timescale calculates Mini-Jet.
Mini-Jet is the contributes to of Delay Timescale.
Mini-Jet is the contributes to of Delay Timescale.
Mini-Jet is the contributes to of Delay Timescale.
Mini-Jet is the contributes to of Light Curve.
Light Curve is the for of Icmart Event.
Light Curve models Grb.
Generation Number is the estimates of Successive Reconnection Events.
Generation Number is the estimates timescale of Bulk Comoving Frame.
Bulk Comoving Frame is the corresponds to of Observer Frame.
Duration is the defines total duration of Icmart Event.
Rising Timescale is the times larger than of Duration.
Evolution is the shows of Icmart Event.
Physical Parameters is the affect of Icmart Event.
Cascade Event is the during of Icmart Event.
Bulk Lorentz Factor Evolution is the shows evolution during of Icmart Event.
Bulk Lorentz Factor Evolution is the shows of Evolution.
Mini-Jet Lorentz Factor Evolution is the shows evolution during of Icmart Event.
Mini-Jet Lorentz Factor Evolution is the shows of Evolution.
Emission Region Magnetization Evolution is the shows evolution during of Icmart Event.
Emission Region Magnetization Evolution is the shows of Evolution.
Energy Bands is the affects of Icmart Event.
Pds Analysis is the performs of Icmart Event.
Pds Slopes is the calculates of Icmart Event.
Pds is the describes of Light Curves.
Parameters is the affect of Pds.
Light Curves is the consist of of Mini-Jets.
Isotropic Distributions is the affect of Pds.
Mini-Jet Size is the affect of Pds.
Energy Band is the affect of Light Curves.
Lorentz Factor Contrast is the affect of Pds.
Ejecta is the dependence of Lorentz Factor Contrast.
Swift Bat Data uses Guidorzi.
Swift Bat Data uses Beloborodov.
Evolution is the affect of Pds.
Simulation is the within of Grb.
Simulation bases Icmart Model.
Icmart Model defines Mini-Jets.
Icmart Model defines Lorentz Factor Contrast.