Quintessence is the mentions of Caldwell Et Al . 1998.
Quintessence is the explains of Dark Energy.
Dark Energy is the component of of Cosmic Medium.
Dark Energy is the explains of Snia.
Riess Et Al . 1998 is the mentions of Snia.
Perlmutter Et Al . 1999 is the mentions of Snia.
Dark Energy is the explains of Accelerated Expansion.
Dark Energy is the explains of Inflationary Prediction.
Inflationary Prediction is the predicts of Flat Universe.
Cmb is the measures of High Resolution.
High Resolution adds Cmb.
Cmb is the motivates of Unclustered Dark Energy.
Unclustered Dark Energy haves Negative Pressure.
Quintessence models Perfect Fluid.
Perfect Fluid haves Equation Of State.
Quintessence is the case of of Cosmological Constant.
Quintessence is the reduces to of Ordinary Pressureless Matter.
Quintessence is the mimicks of Cosmic Strings.
Quintessence models Scalar Fields.
Scalar Fields is the possibly with of Coupling To Gravity.
Scalar Fields is the possibly with of Coupling To Matter.
Quintessence is the derives in of Quintessence Cosmology.
Quintessence Cosmology is the affects of Dyer-Roeder Distance.
Dyer-Roeder Distance is the necessary for of Lensing Studies.
Dyer-Roeder Distance is the affects of Time-Delays.
Time-Delays composes Dataset.
Quintessence is the confines to of Flat Space.
Flat Space is the extremal values of of Beam Parameter.
Flat Space is the extends to of Curved Spaces.
Quintessence is the affects of Friedmann Equation.
Friedmann Equation is the part of of Einstein Equations.
Friedmann Equation is the in of Frw Metric.
Friedmann Equation is the depends on of Redshift.
Redshift is the relates to of Ricci Focalization Equation.
Ricci Focalization Equation is the in of Conformally Flat Metric.
Ricci Focalization Equation is the in of Curvature Tensor.
Ricci Focalization Equation is the implies of Null Geodesic.
Einstein Equations multiplys Energy-Momentum Tensor.
Energy-Momentum Tensor is the depends on of Redshift.
Energy-Momentum Tensor adds Ordinary Pressureless Matter.
Energy-Momentum Tensor adds Quintessence.
Quintessence is the affects of Angular Diameter Distance.
Angular Diameter Distance is the ratio of of Diameter Of An Object.
Angular Diameter Distance is the ratio of of Angular Diameter.
Angular Diameter Distance is the defines of Dimensionless Distance.
Dimensionless Distance is the defines of Affine Parameter.
Quintessence gives General Numerical Solutions.
General Numerical Solutions is the relates to of Asymptotic Solutions.
Quintessence is the affects of Small Redshift.
Quintessence is the affects of Large Redshift.
Quintessence uses Bessel Functions.
Quintessence is the focuses on of Numerical Fits.
Numerical Fits is the produces of Analytical Fits.
Numerical Fits is the determines of Fit Parameters.
Quintessence is the applies to of Real Data.
Real Data is the uses of Time-Delays Measurement.
Time-Delays Measurement is the observes of Lens Systems.
Lens Systems is the adopts of Isothermal Lens.
Isothermal Lens is the model used in of Mao, Witt And Keeton.
Time-Delays Measurement is the builds of Likelihood Function.