Heavy Quarkonium is the offers unique perspective into of Hadronization.
Valence Partons is the creation of of Heavy Quarks.
Heavy Quarks is the at mass scale of of Perturbative Mass Scale.
Effective Field Theory Nonrelativistic Qcd (Nrqcd) is the offers systematic formalism to separate dynamics of Qcd Matrix Elements.
Nrqcd Factorization applys Quarkonium Production.
Nrqcd Factorization is the not yet convincingly applied to of Quarkonium Decay.
Nrqcd Factorization is the needs further examination for of Production Processes.
Infrared Emission illustrates Next-To-Next-To-Leading Order (Nnlo).
Color Octet Matrix Elements incorporates Gauge Invariant.
Momentum Transfer is the ratio in the match of evolution logarithms from nonperturbative matrix elements of Quark Mass.
Off-Shell Gluon is the evolves into in state of Quark Pair.
Color Octet Combination replaces Color Octet Matrix Element.
Fragmentation Function studys Infrared Divergences.
Fragmentation Function relates Color Octet Matrix Element.
Fragmentation Function is the projects onto in color singlet state of Quark Pair.
Fragmentation Function is the tests nrqcd factorization by absorbing infrared divergences into matrix elements of Quark Pair.
Fragmentation Function is the factorize from higher energy radiation of Soft Gluons.
Fragmentation Function is the of very low energy of Gluon Momentum.
Covariant Gauges haves Infrared Poles.
Nrqcd Matrix Elements is the ensures of Matching Of Perturbative Infrared Poles.
Matching Of Perturbative Infrared Poles is the ensures of Effective Theory.
Matching Of Perturbative Infrared Poles is the results in of Topological Factorization.
Nonabelian Phases includes Fragmentation Functions.
Nlo is the generalizes to of Nnlo.
Nlo is the adopts of Eikonal Approximation.
Cross Sections relates Fragmentation Functions.
Quark Masses is the negligence of Eikonal Approximation.
Octet-Singlet Transitions requires Virtual Gluon Exchange.
Infrared Behavior is the analyzes at of Nnlo.
Infrared Behavior requires Eikonal Approximation.
Gauge-Completed Definitions requires Nrqcd Matrix Elements.
Real Infrared Pole is the generates of Fragmentation Function.
Real Infrared Pole is the generates of Heavy-Quarkonium.
Color Factors is the eliminates of Field-Strength Vertices.
Field-Strength Vertices is the eliminates of Collinear Singularities.
Field-Strength Vertices is the eliminates of Infrared Singularities.
Field-Strength Vertices is the acts on of Diagrams.
Coefficient Functions is the contains of Real Infrared Pole.
Wilson Line is the affects of Direction.
Gauge Invariance Properties requires Color Octet Matrix Elements.
Color Octet Matrix Elements includes Nonabelian Phase Operators.
Nonabelian Phase Operators is the causes of Nonfactoring Infrared Divergences.
Rotational Invariance requires Quarkonium Rest Frame.
Quarkonium Rest Frame requires Rotational Invariance.
Nonlocal Products is the involves of Field Strengths.
Standard Evolution is the affects of Fragmentation Functions.
National Science Foundation supports Nrqcd Matrix Elements.
National Science Foundation is the thanks to of Geoff Bodwin.
Department Of Energy supports Nrqcd Matrix Elements.
Department Of Energy is the thanks to of Geoff Bodwin.
Geoff Bodwin is the emphasizes of Importance Of Topic.
Geoff Bodwin is the participates in of Discussions.
Collins is the collaborates with of Sterman.