D4 Branes is the focus on of Holographic Qcd.
Confinement / Deconfinement Transition is the correspondence with of Qcd.
Scherk - Schwarz Transition is the transition to of Solitonic D4 Brane.
Scherk - Schwarz Transition is the transition to of Black D4 Brane.
Scherk - Schwarz Transition is the transition to of Gravity Dual.
Black D4 Brane is the not identified with of Deconfinement Phase.
Gregory - Laflamme Transition is the transition to of Uniformly Distributed Soliton.
Gregory - Laflamme Transition is the transition to of Localized Soliton.
Four Dimensional Pure Yang - Mills Theory constructs D4 Branes.
Euclidean Spacetime considers D4 Branes.
Supersymmetric Yang - Mills Theory is the effective theory on of D4 Branes.
Fermions finds D4 Branes.
Fermions affects Boundary Condition.
Adjoint Scalars is the induces masses for of Fermions.
Kk Modes decouples Fermions.
Thermal Partition Function obtains Yang - Mills Theory.
Polyakov Loop Operators is the characterize of Phases Of Gauge Theory.
Polyakov Loop Operators is the act as order parameters for of Centre Symmetry.
Gl Transition is the corresponds to of Smeared Soliton.
Gl Transition is the corresponds to of Localized Soliton.
Graviton is the kk modes instability along of Compact Circle.
Winding Modes associates Tachyonic Instability.
Real Time Formalism is the explore geometry of of Deconfinement Phase.
Real Time Formalism is the investigate of Viscosity Ratio.
Two Dimensional Bosonic Gauge Theory is the similar problems in of Issues Encountered In.
String Theory Dynamics is the author of M. Kruczenski.
String Theory Dynamics is the author of D. Mateos.
String Theory Dynamics is the author of R. C. Myers.
String Theory Dynamics is the author of D. J. Winters.
String Theory Dynamics is the author of T. Sakai.
String Theory Dynamics is the author of S. Sugimoto.
String Theory Dynamics is the author of O. Aharony.
String Theory Dynamics is the author of J. Sonnenschein.
String Theory Dynamics is the author of S. Yankielowicz.
String Theory Dynamics is the author of R. Gregory.
String Theory Dynamics is the author of R. Laflamme.
String Theory Dynamics is the author of T. Harmark.
String Theory Dynamics is the author of N. A. Obers.
String Theory Dynamics is the author of J. Marsano.
String Theory Dynamics is the author of S. Minwalla.
String Theory Dynamics is the author of T. Wiseman.
String Theory Dynamics is the author of H. Kudoh.
String Theory Dynamics is the author of B. Kol.
String Theory Dynamics is the author of N. Itzhaki.
String Theory Dynamics is the author of J. M. Maldacena.
String Theory Dynamics is the author of J. M. Drouffe.
String Theory Dynamics is the author of C. Itzykson.
String Theory Dynamics is the author of T. Eguchi.
String Theory Dynamics is the author of H. Kawai.
String Theory Dynamics is the author of A. Gocksch.
String Theory Dynamics is the author of F. Neri.
String Theory Dynamics is the author of K. Papadodimas.
String Theory Dynamics is the author of M. Van Raamsdonk.
String Theory Dynamics is the author of S. Catterall.
String Theory Dynamics is the author of A. Joseph.
String Theory Dynamics is the author of V. Niarchos.
String Theory Dynamics is the author of S. F. Ross.
String Theory Dynamics is the author of B. Sundborg.
String Theory Dynamics is the author of G. Mandal.
String Theory Dynamics is the author of T. Morita.