Linear Algebra Libraries results Computational Kernels.
Computational Kernels limits Flexible Interfaces.
Flexible Interfaces is the prevents of Domain-Specific Algorithms.
Domain-Specific Algorithms is the lead to of High-Performance Algorithms.
Linear Algebra Compiler writes Mathematica.
Linear Algebra Compiler is the automatically exploits of Target Problem.
Genome-Wide Association Study (Gwas) is the involves of Linear Regression Analysis.
Linear Regression Analysis is the solves of Generalized Least-Squares Problem (Gls).
Generalized Least-Squares Problem (Gls) is the directly solved by of Matlab.
Generalized Least-Squares Problem (Gls) reduces Lapack.
Lapack is the accepts of Blas.
Spiral Project focuss Inference Of Properties.
Tensor Contraction Engine (Tce) focuss Tensor Contraction Engine (Tce).
Flame Project focuss Flame Project.
Flame Project bases Partitioning Of Operands.
Flame Project bases Automatic Identification Of Loop-Invariants.
Linear Algebra Compiler maps Blas.
Linear Algebra Compiler maps Lapack.
Linear Algebra Compiler maps Blas.
Linear Algebra Compiler maps Lapack.
Linear Algebra Compiler maps Blas.
Linear Algebra Compiler maps Lapack.
Linear Algebra Compiler maps Blas.
Linear Algebra Compiler maps Lapack.
Linear Algebra Compiler is the incorporates of Matrix Algebra.
Linear Algebra Compiler is the incorporates of Inference Of Properties.
Linear Algebra Compiler is the incorporates of Building Blocks Interface.
Linear Algebra Compiler is the incorporates of Analysis Of Dependencies.
Linear Algebra Compiler is the incorporates of Code Generation.
Alg:Exalg-Chol starts Eq:Probdef.
Eq:Probdef is the process of Eq:Alg1Step1.
Eq:Alg1Step1 is the generation of Alg:Alg-Chol.
Alg:Alg-Chol is the process of Eq:Alg1Step4.
Eq:Alg1Step4 is the generation of Alg:Alg-Qr.
Alg:Alg-Qr is the process of Eq:Alg2Step4.
Eq:Alg2Step4 is the generation of Alg:Alg-Eigen.
Alg:Alg-Eigen is the process of Eq:Alg3Step1.
Gels bases Lapack.
Results displays Fig_One.
Qr-Gwas is the attain same performance and overlap of Chol-Gwas.
Our Algorithms is the outperform with speedup of 4 of Gels-Gwas.
Our Algorithms is the outperform with speedup of 8 of Gwfgls.
Eig-Gwas is the outperform by factor of 4 of Chol-Gwas.
Eig-Gwas is the outperform by factor of 16 of Gels-Gwas.
Eig-Gwas is the outperform by factor of 32 of Gwfgls.
Chol-Gwas is the best suited for of Scenario.
Eig-Gwas is the best suited for of Scenario.
Results is the remark two significant facts of Domain-Specific Knowledge.
Domain-Specific Knowledge is the may lead to of Improvements.
Library User is the may of Benefit.
Compiler is the exploits to generate high-performance algorithms of Domain-Specific Knowledge.
Compiler is the mimics of Reasoning.
Compiler is the decompose into of Equation.
Compiler is the builds on of Modules.
Matrix Algebra Module is the enables to manipulate and simplify algebraic expressions of Compiler.
Properties Inference Module is the infers properties of complex expressions from properties of operands of Compiler.
Compiler applys Genome-Wide Association Study Equation.
Compiler is the produces of Algorithms.
Algorithms obtains State-Of-The-Art Ones.
Future Work is the plan extension to support fortran of Code Generation Module.
Asymptotic Operation Count is the preliminary approach to estimate of Performance.
Metric suggests Best Algorithm.
Authors is the acknowledge support received through grant of Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft.
Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft is the through grant of Gsc 111.
Bientinesi is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Eijkhout is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Kim is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Kurtz is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Van De Geijn is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Anderson is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Bai is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Bischof is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Blackford is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Demmel is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Dongarra is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Du Croz is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Greenbaum is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Hammarling is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Mckenney is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Sorensen is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Pschel is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Moura is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Johnson is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Padua is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Veloso is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Singer is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Xiong is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Franchetti is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Gacic is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Voronenko is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Chen is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Rizzolo is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Baumgartner is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Auer is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Bernholdt is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Bibireata is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Choppella is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Cociorva is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Gao is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Harrison is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Hirata is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Krishnamoorthy is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Krishnan is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Chung Lam is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Lu is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Nooijen is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Pitzer is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Ramanujam is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Sadayappan is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Sibiryakov is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Fabregat-Traver is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.
Aulchenko is the gratefully acknowledge of Support.