Dislocation Behavior is the occurs in of Solids.
Dislocation Behavior is the occurs under of Dynamic Conditions.
Dislocation Behavior is the attracts attention due to of Shock Loading.
Dislocation Behavior provides Molecular Dynamics Studies.
Theoretical Investigations is the focus on of Stationary Velocities.
Stationary Velocities is the can attain as a function of applied stress of Dislocations.
Dislocations is the motion towards or from high velocities of Equation Of Motion.
Dislocations is the possess effective mass of Inertial Mass.
Inertial Mass overcomes Drag.
Inertial Mass relates Viscous Losses.
Dispersion Effects is the due to of Atomic Lattice.
Dispersion Effects is the due to of Peierls Potential.
Screw Dislocation centers Burgers Vector.
Screw Dislocation moves Shear Wave Speed.
Shear Wave Propagation is the time of propagation over width of Core Width.
Elastic Strain Jump is the determines of Material Velocity Jump.
Material Velocity Jump equilibrates Shear Wave.
Velocity Jump is the due to shear stress jump of Force Jump.
Force Jump attains Shear Stress Jump.
Force Jump neglects Material Inertia.
Core Width is the small compared to of Sound Speed.
Relaxation Waves is the controls amplitude of jump of Velocity Jump.
Material Inertia is the results in inertial force of Velocity Jump.
Velocity Jump is the spread over short time of Rise Time.
Rise Time is the balancing by applied stress of Force Jump.
Force Jump is the spreads over short time of Velocity Jump.
Force Jump is the no expression available for of Edge Dislocations.
Edge Dislocations computes Time-Decaying Force.
Accelerated Motion interprets Velocity Jumps.
Velocity Jumps is the arises from elementary jump of Elementary Force.
Elementary Force is the total force results from integrating of Force.
Force regularizes Regularization.
Regularization controls Sound Propagation.
Viscous Drag Force is the mainly of origin of Phonon Origin.
Viscous Drag Force modifys Core Contraction Factor.
Core Contraction Factor is the determines length of Core Length.
Core Contraction Factor modifys Relativistic Contraction.
Relativistic Contraction introduces Drag.
Drag balances Equation Of Motion.
Peierls-Nabarro-Galerkin is the comparison of Png Approach.
Rosakis Model 1 is the comparison of Peierls-Nabarro-Galerkin.
Landau-Ginzburg Equation is the relaxation of Viscosity Parameter.
Viscosity Parameter is the correspondence of Rosakis Model 1.
Elastically Cubic Material is the correction of Core Width.
Simulation Box is the dimension of Glide Plane.
Forces is the application of Glide Plane.
Boundary Conditions is the control of Glide Plane.
Core Width is the measurement of Dislocations.
Velocity is the comparison of Dislocations.
Stress is the induction of Dislocations.
Shear Stress is the application of Glide Plane.
Terminal Velocity is the calculation of Dislocations.
Inertia is the effect of Velocity.
Deceleration is the effect of Velocity.
Damping Effects is the underestimation of Velocity.