Axial Killing Fields is the plays role in of Classical General Relativity.
Axial Killing Fields is the defines of Angular Momentum.
Angular Momentum is the applies to of Black Hole.
Angular Momentum is the applies to of Compact Gravitating Body.
Komar Angular Momentum is the applies to of Spacetime.
Komar Angular Momentum is the example of of Global Axial Killing Field.
Komar Angular Momentum haves Formula.
Spacelike 2-Sphere haves Area Bivector.
Spacelike 2-Sphere haves Extrinsic Curvature.
Cauchy Surface is the contains of Spacelike Normal.
Spacelike 2-Sphere haves Intrinsic Area Element.
Quasi-Local Formulae is the due to of Brown And York.
Quasi-Local Formulae is the applies to of Dynamical Horizons.
Riemannian Geometry haves Fixed Point.
Flow is the generates of Orbit.
Flow haves Circular Orbit.
Circular Orbit is the closes at multiples of of Integer Multiples.
Rigid Rotations haves Standard Period.
Riemannian Geometry is the characteristics include of Axial Killing Fields.
Riemannian Geometry haves Fixed Point.
Riemannian Geometry haves Flow.
Riemannian Geometry haves Circular Orbit.
Topological 2-Sphere haves Fixed Point.
Euclidean Geometry is the suffices to prove of Axial Killing Fields.
Euclidean Geometry induces Tangent Space.
Symmetry Group is the for of Euclidean Geometry.
Natural Flow is the of diffeomorphisms of Differential.
Differential bes Linear Map.
Linear Map is the of of Linear Isometry.
Linear Isometry bes Euclidean Geometry.
Linear Isometry bes Rotational Isometries.
Lie Derivative is the along of Vector Field.
Vector Field generates Flow.
Geodesics maps Exponential Map.
Geodesics is the of of Geodesic.
Exponential Map is the maps to of Geodesic.
Geodesic haves Geodesic Distance.
Geodesic haves Proper Distance.
Proper Distance is the along of Proper Radius.
Proper Distance is the avoids of Conical Singularities.
Xmath21 is the incommensurate orbits of Fivals.
Xmath21 is the fill torus of Xmath22.
Xmath11 is the apply methods of Xmath21.
Xmath9 is the normalize killing field of Xmath90.
Xmath89 is the define field on space of Xmath18.
Xmath89 is the vanish at one point of Xmath14.
Xmath90 normalizes Xmath18.
Xmath90 is the use normalization of Xmath89.