Materials Science is the focus of of Spin Degrees Of Freedom.
Spin Degrees Of Freedom is the manipulates of Electrons.
Materials Science is the utilizes of Spin Hall Effect.
Materials Science is the utilizes of Inverse Spin Hall Effect.
Materials Science is the envisions of Novel Phenomena.
Spin Hall Effect is the generates of Spin Current.
Magnetic Materials is the generates of Temperature Gradient.
Temperature Gradient is the generates of Spin Seebeck Effect.
Spin Seebeck Effect is the exists in of Magnetic Insulators.
Magnetic Insulators is the mediates of Spin Waves.
Magnetic Insulators is the mediates of Magnons.
Ferromagnetic Insulator is the allows of Spin Transport.
Ferrimagnetic Insulator is the allows of Spin Transport.
Antiferromagnetic Insulator is the allows of Spin Transport.
Magnetic Excitations is the transmits of Electrical Signal.
Magnetic Ordering is the analyzes based on of Excitations.
Recent Studies is the demonstrates of Spin Current Generation.
Recent Studies is the demonstrates of Spin Seebeck Effect.
Extended Concept is the develops of Spintronics.
Paramagnetic Insulators mediates Magnetic Fluctuations.
Information Technologies is the beneficial for of Paramagnetic Insulators.
Pmi / Nomal Metal Interface is the evaluates of Spin Current Conductance.
Auxiliary Particle Methods is the uses of Pmi / Nomal Metal Interface.
Magnetic Transition Temperatures is the below and above of Pmi / Nomal Metal Interface.
Heisenberg Model is the describes of Nearest Neighbor Exchange Coupling.
Heisenberg Model includes Spin.
Heisenberg Model is the considers of Magnetic Transition Temperature.
Schwinger Boson Method is the suitable for of Magnetically Disordered States.
Schwinger Fermion Method is the suitable for of Magnetically Ordered States.
Mf Wave Functions is the considers of Magnetically Disordered States.
Mf Order Parameters defines Bonds.
Mf Order Parameters is the not on of Sites.
Sb Methods is the deal with of Magnetically Ordered States.
Sb Methods is the correspond to of Condensed Sbs.
Sb Methods is the correspond to of Ordered Moments.
Sb Methods is the deal with of Magnetically Disordered States.
Sb Methods is the formulate of Bond Order Parameter.
Sf Methods is the deal with of Magnetically Ordered States.
Sf Methods is the formulate of Bond Order Parameter.
Mf Hamiltonian is the yields of Dispersion Relation.
Sb Mf Hamiltonian formulates Afm.
Sb Mf Hamiltonian gives Excitation Spectrum.
Green S Functions is the computes of Aps.
Green S Functions is the computes of Non-Interacting Particles.
Green S Functions For Conduction Electrons is the computes of Sb Mf Hamiltonian.
Green S Functions For Conduction Electrons is the computes of Sf Mf Hamiltonian.
Green S Functions For Conduction Electrons is the uses of Matsubara Frequency.
Green S Functions For Conduction Electrons is the reduces to of Wick Theorem.
Green S Functions For Conduction Electrons dos Anomalous Green S Function.
Time-Reversal Symmetry is the maintains of Energy Differences.
Electron Fermi Energy is the approximates by of Momentum Integrals.
Effective Mass Approximation is the corresponds to of Lattice Symmetry.
Self Consistent Equations is the fixes by of Mf Order Parameters.
Fictitious Phase Transitions is the avoids of Order Parameters.
Three-Dimensional Systems is the considers of Electron Spin.
Momentum Integrals is the replaces by of Energy Integrals.
Momentum Integrals is the replaces by of Sb Density Of States.
Momentum Integrals is the rescales as of Energy.
Momentum Integrals is the approximates by of Energy Integrals.
Momentum Integrals takes Energy Integrals.
Momentum Integrals is the involves of Energy Differences.
Momentum Integrals is the maintains of Time-Reversal Symmetry.
Momentum Integrals is the predicts of Fm Case.
Momentum Integrals takes Low Temperatures.
Momentum Integrals is the arrives at of Leading Term.
Momentum Integrals is the calculates of Afm Case.
Momentum Integrals is the proportional to of Spin Injection.
Momentum Integrals is the at of Low Temperatures.
Momentum Integrals is the decreases with decreasing temperature of Spin Injection.
Momentum Integrals is the below of Magnetic Transition Temperature.
Momentum Integrals is the predicts of Fm Insulator / Nm Interfaces.
Momentum Integrals is the contrasts with of Magnon Contributions.
Momentum Integrals is the presents of Spin Current Injection.
Momentum Integrals is the plots of Afm Model.
Momentum Integrals is the shows of Sb Results.
Momentum Integrals is the shows of Sf Result.
Momentum Integrals is the rapidly decreases with decreasing temperature of Spin Current Injection.
Momentum Integrals is the below of Magnetic Transition Temperature.
M. I. Dyakonov collaborates V. I. Perel.
J. E. Hirsch collaborates S. Zhang.
S. Murakami collaborates N. Nagaosa.
N. Nagaosa collaborates S. C. Zhang.
J. Sinova collaborates D. Culcer.
J. Sinova collaborates Q. Niu.
J. Sinova collaborates N. A. Sinitsyn.
J. Sinova collaborates T. Jungwirth.
J. Sinova collaborates A. H. Macdonald.