Topological Superconductors is the application of Quantum Information Processing.
Topological Superconductors is the application of Majorana Mode.
1D Chain hosts Topological Superconductors.
Topological Superconductors suggests Detection Mechanisms.
Detection Mechanisms is the detection mechanism of Tunneling Current.
Detection Mechanisms is the detection mechanism of Josephson Current.
Semiconductor Wire hosts Majorana Modes.
Josephson Junction is the formation of Majorana Modes.
Topological Insulator Edges is the formation of Majorana Modes.
Josephson Junction is the hybridization of Majorana Modes.
Unconventional Superconducting Tunnel Barrier Junctions is the appearance of Majorana-Like Modes.
Josephson Junction is the hybridization of Majorana States.
Josephson Junction is the dependence of Magnetic Field Orientation.
Josephson Junction is the prediction of Magneto-Josephson Oscillation.
Josephson Junction is the effect of Magneto-Josephson Effect.
Quantum Spin Hall Insulator is the mediation of Fractional Josephson Effect.
Topological Superconductors is the exhibition of Fractional Periodicity.
Nanowires is the proximity induced of Superconducting Pairing.
Nanowires is the separation of Dielectric.
Nanowires is the presence of Rashba Spin-Orbit Interaction.
Nanowires is the presence of Zeeman Fields.
Nanowires is the representation of Barrier Potential.
Nanowires is the energy calculation of Andreev Bound States.
Nanowires is the dependence of Dc Josephson Current.
Nanowires is the study of Ac Josephson Effect.
Ac Josephson Effect tunes Shapiro Steps.
Nanowires is the expression of Josephson Coupling Energy.
Nanowires is the existence of Spin-Josephson Current.
Nanowires is the discussion of Asymptotic Cases.
Nanowires is the behavior of Energy Gap.
Nanowires is the calculation of Andreev Bound States Energy.
Nanowires is the study of Josephson Effect.
Nanowires is the orientation of Effective Magnetic Field.
Nanowires is the realization of Superconducting Phase Difference.
Nanowires is the satisfaction of Bogolyubov-De Gennes (Bdg) Equations.
Nanowires is the expression of Transmission Coefficient.
Nanowires is the determination of Localization Length.
Shapiro Steps is the dependence of Soi Interaction Strength.
Soi Interaction Strength is the influence of Magneto-Josephson Effect.
Topological Superconductor is the prediction of Magneto-Josephson Effect.
Superconducting Junctions is the study of Topological Superconductor.
Superconducting Junctions is the characteristics of Quadratic Electronic Dispersion.
Ac Josephson Effect is the width variation of Shapiro Steps.
1D Nanowires is the analogous of Josephson Junctions.
Angle is the variation of In-Plane Magnetic Field.
In-Plane Magnetic Field is the induction of Spin-Josephson Current.
Andreev Bound State Energies yields Soi.
Soi is the interplay of Majorana Bound States.
Unconventional Pair-Potentials is the effect of Josephson Current.
V. Osipov is the acknowledgement of Authors.
Azerbaijan-Jinr Collaboration is the partial of Funding.
Science Development Foundation Under The President Of The Republic Azerbaijan is the partial of Funding.
Rfbr is the partial of Funding.
Dst-Rfbr Grant is the partial of Funding.