Oscillators is the realization of Femtosecond Er : Fiber Oscillator.
Oscillators is the alternative to of Solid-State Cr@Xmath1:Yag Mode-Locked Oscillator.
Solid-State Cr@Xmath1:Yag Mode-Locked Oscillator is the possesses of Direct Diode Pumping.
Solid-State Cr@Xmath1:Yag Mode-Locked Oscillator is the possesses of Gain Band Providing The Few-Optical Cycle Pulses.
Cr : Yag Oscillator limits Low Gain Coefficient.
Cr : Yag Oscillator is the operates with of Low Output Couplers.
Cr : Yag Oscillator haves Intra-Resonator Pulse Energy.
Instabilities suppresss Negative Dispersion Regime (Ndr).
Negative Dispersion Regime (Ndr) requires Group-Delay-Dispersion (Gdd).
Pulse is the results in of Relatively Long Soliton.
Pulse bes Nearly Transform-Limited.
Pulse bes Not Compressible.
Pulse stabilizes Positive Dispersion Regime (Pdr).
Pulse causes Substantial Stretching.
Pulse causes Large Chirp.
Pulse is the compressible down to of Few Tens Of Femtoseconds.
Oscillators is the results in of Eventually Become Unstable At High Power.
Pulse is the main scenarios identified with of Pulse Destabilization.
Pulse is the scenario of destabilization of Multipulsing In The Ndr.
Pulse is the scenario of destabilization of Cw-Amplification In The Pdr.
Pulse is the significantly modify of Higher-Order Dispersions.
Pulse affects Stability Conditions.
Mode-Locked Oscillator provides Mode-Locking.
Mode-Locked Oscillator provides Dispersion Control.
Mode-Locked Oscillator bases Sesam.
Mode-Locked Oscillator bases Chirped-Mirrors (Cms).
Chirped-Mirrors (Cms) is the affects of Net-Gdd.
Pulse Repetition Rate is the at of Pulse.
Average Output Power is the at of Pulse.
Pulse is the influence on of Spectral Dependence Of Gdd.
Pulse is the emphasis on of Stability Conditions.
Cr : Yag Oscillator bases Built On The Basis Of The Scheme Published In Refs.
Pulse haves Gdd Of Intra-Resonator Elements.
Pulse haves Net-Gdd.
Pulse is the results in of Gdd Variation.
Pulse is the results in of Uncertainty Of The Sesam Dispersion.
Pulse haves Real Net-Gdd.
Pulse haves Gdd Of Three Sets Of Chirped Mirrors Cm.
Pulse haves Net Dispersion Of The Resonator Of Cr@Xmath1:Yag Oscillator.
Pulse is the allows of Selection Of The Different Cm Combinations.
Pulse is the results in of Stabilizing The Oscillator At The 144.5 Mhz Pulse Repetition Rate And 150 Mw Average Output Power.
Pulse is the corresponds to of Spectra Of The Cr : Yag Oscillator.
Pulse bases Study Of The Stability Limits Of Pdr.
Pulse realizes Numerical Simulations Based On The Nonlinear Cubic-Quintic Complex Ginzburg-Landau Model.
Field Envelope is the can be of Described In The Following Way.
Field Envelope describes Propagation Distance Normalized To The Cavity Length.
Field Envelope describes Local Time.
Field Envelope describes Gain Spectral Profile.
Field Envelope describes Saturated Gain Coefficient.
Field Envelope describes Inverse Gain Bandwidth.
Field Envelope describes Net-Gdd.
Field Envelope describes Net Loss Spectral Profile.
Field Envelope is the corresponds to of Transmission Minimum.
Field Envelope describes Self-Phase Modulation.
Field Envelope describes Self-Amplitude Modulation.
Field Envelope describes Difference Between The Saturated Gain And The Net Loss At The Reference Frequency.
Field Envelope is the results in of Gdd Decrease.
Field Envelope is the results in of Cw-Amplification.
Field Envelope is the results in of Spectrum Shifts.
Field Envelope is the results in of Chaotic Mode-Locking.
Field Envelope is the results in of Spectrum Edges.
Field Envelope is the results in of Humps Of The Spectrum Envelope.
Field Envelope is the results in of Soliton-Like Regime.
Field Envelope is the results in of Harmonic Mode-Locking.
Field Envelope is the results in of Spectrally-Dependent Losses.
Field Envelope is the results in of Spectral Dependence Of Gdd.
Field Envelope is the results in of Stability Conditions.
Field Envelope studys Mode-Locked Oscillator.
Field Envelope studys Positive And Negative Dispersion Regimes.
Field Envelope is the exhibits of Strong Tendency To Harmonic Mode-Locking.
Field Envelope suppresss Significant Amount Of The Negative Gdd.
Field Envelope is the can exist even if of Part Of The Spectrum Lies Within The Positive Dispersion Range.
Field Envelope is the results in of Spectrum Maximum Shifts.
Field Envelope is the enhances of Spectrally-Dependent Losses.
Field Envelope is the initiates of Frequency-Dependent Gdd.
Field Envelope disjoints Positive- And Negative-Dispersion Single-Pulse Regimes.
Field Envelope is the results in of Approaching Of The Gdd To Zero.
Field Envelope is the results in of Cw-Amplification Or Chaotic Mode-Locking.
Field Envelope appears Chaotic Mode-Locking.
Field Envelope bes Stabilizing Factor Of Such Frequency Dependence.
Field Envelope is the presence of of Local Minimum (For The Pdr) Or Maximum (For The Ndr) Of Gdd.
Field Envelope is the corresponds to of Spectrum.
Field Envelope disjoints Stability Regions Of Pdr And Ndr.
Field Envelope disjoints Region Of Chaotic Mode-Locking In The Vicinity Of Zero Gdd.
Field Envelope is the appear in of M-Shaped Spectra.
Field Envelope is the results in of Fourth-Order Dispersion Leads To The Gdd Growth On The Spectrum Edges.
Field Envelope is the exist in of Humps Of The Spectrum Envelope.
Field Envelope is the appear in of Local Spectral Maxima.
Field Envelope is the appear in of Local Maxima Of Gdd.