Diagnostic Diagrams quantifys Star Formation.
Diagnostic Diagrams quantifys Agn Activity.
Diagnostic Diagrams proposes Infrared Galaxies.
Diagnostic Diagrams bases Mid-Infrared Continuum Slope.
Diagnostic Diagrams bases Pah Line-To-Continuum Ratio.
Diagnostic Diagrams bases Pah To Far-Infrared Luminosity Ratio.
Diagnostic Diagrams bases High Ionization Forbidden Line.
Infrared Spectrograph is the on board of Spitzer Space Telescope.
Infrared Spectrograph is the study for of Galaxy Types.
Amorphous Silicate Grains haves Si O Stretching.
Amorphous Silicate Grains haves O Si O Bending Modes.
Amorphous Silicate Grains is the strength used to distinguish between dust geometries of Silicate Feature.
Ultra-Luminous Infrared Galaxies forms Irs Gto Ulirg Sample.
Irs Gto Ulirg Sample is the in of Redshift Range.
Irs Gto Ulirg Sample compares Agn Templates.
Irs Gto Ulirg Sample compares Starburst Templates.
Irs Gto Ulirg Sample compares Iso-Sws Spectra.
Spitzer Space Telescope is the observations made with of Short-Low Module.
Spitzer Space Telescope is the observations made with of Long-Low Module.
Irs Standard Stars uses Equivalent Width.
Irs Standard Stars uses Pah Emission Feature.
Silicate Absorption Feature uses Local Continuum.
Radiative Transfer Calculations is the verify interpolation procedure for of Galaxy Spectra.
Galaxy Classification bases Average Mid-Infrared Spectra.
Galaxy Classification uses Foreground Cold Dust Screen.
Galaxy Classification corrects Foreground Extinction.
Galaxy Classification illustrates Mixing Lines.
Galaxy Classification is the color-coded according to of Galaxy Spectra.
Galaxy Classification is the explain horizontal branch in classification of Clumpy Distributions.
Galaxy Classification is the explain diagonal branch in classification of Smooth Dust Distribution.
Galaxy Classification raises Ulirg Evolution.
Interaction is the starts with of Nuclei.
Nuclei classifys Class 1C/2C Starburst Galaxies.
Class 1C/2C Starburst Galaxies moves Diagonal Branch.
Class 1C/2C Starburst Galaxies strengthens Interaction Strength.
Interaction Strength accumulates Dust.
Dust accumulates Remnant Nuclei.
Iras08572 + 3915 is the breaks up of Obscuring Screen.
Obscuring Screen reveals Hidden Power Sources.
Hidden Power Sources is the source of of Hidden Starburst.
Hidden Starburst is the moves back diagonally towards of Source.
Source is the moves towards of Starburst Locus.
Source is the dominant power source is of Agn.
Agn is the crosses into of Class 2A Regime.
Class 2A Regime is the evolves towards of Class 1A Regime.
Class 2A Regime is the settles along of Starburst Locus.
Class 2A Domain is the indicates that of Ulirgs.
Ulirgs is the evolve to of Transformation.
Transformation is the before settling of Starburst.
Authors is the thank of Jernimo Bernard-Salas.
Authors is the thank of Nancy Levenson.
Authors is the thank of Hlne Roussel.
Authors is the thank of Matthew Sirocky.
Authors is the thank of Alexander Tielens.
Authors is the thank of Dan Weedman.
Authors is the thank of Vandana Desai.
Nasa issues Jet Propulsion Laboratory.
Jet Propulsion Laboratory is the under of California Institute Of Technology.
Nasa supports Spitzer Space Telescope Fellowship Program.