Strong Interactions describes Su(3) Yang-Mills Field Theory.
Quantum Chromodynamics (Qcd) is the fundamental degrees of freedom of Gluons.
Quantum Chromodynamics (Qcd) is the fundamental degrees of freedom of Quarks.
Quark-Gluon Plasma is the weakly coupled of Perturbative Methods.
Quark-Gluon Plasma is the predicts of Phase Transition.
Quark-Gluon Plasma describes Lattice Qcd.
Quark-Gluon Plasma is the verifies appearance of Deconfined State.
Hadronization is the introduces of Quasi-Particles.
Quasi-Particles is the generates of Effective Masses.
Thermal Gluon Mass relates Screening Mass.
Massive Quarks is the basic degrees of freedom of Hadronization.
Equation Of State is the agrees with of Phenomenological Models.
Thermal Masses analyzes Lattice Qcd.
Gluonic Degrees Of Freedom is the determines of Temperature Dependent Gluon Mass.
Gluonic Degrees Of Freedom is the determines of Temperature Dependent Coupling Constant.
Gluonic Degrees Of Freedom is the determines of Temperature Dependent Bag Constant.
Gluonic Degrees Of Freedom is the investigates of Screening Mass.
Lattice Qcd includes Dynamical Fermions.
Dynamical Fermions is the extracts of Thermal Masses.
Thermal Gluon Mass derives Dispersion Relation.
Screening Mass is the defines of Gluonic Excitations.
Screening Mass is the defines of Potential.
Quark Propagator studys Fermion Dispersion Relation.
Quark Propagator is the obtains of Effective Quark Mass.
Xmath43 determines Xmath51.
Xmath43 uses Xmath52.
Xmath51 is the corresponds to of Xmath53.
Xmath43 obtains Xmath54.
Xmath43 is the implies of Xmath55.
Xmath43 is the implies of Xmath65.
Xmath65 fixs Xmath66.
Xmath43 parametrizeds Xmath67.
Xmath43 determines Xmath15.
Xmath43 determines Xmath32.
Xmath32 uses Xmath43.
Quarks is the leads to of Multiquark States.
Multiquark States is the leads to of Hadrons.
Quarks is the leads to of Hadrons.
Quarks is the allows for of Hadron Formation.
Lattice Data is the in of Su(3) Gauge Theory.
Lattice Data is the in of Dynamical Fermions.
Su(3) Gauge Theory is the suggests of Non-Perturbative Effects.
Deconfined State dominates Non-Perturbative Effects.
Lattice Data analyzes Quasi-Particles.
Quasi-Particles is the determines of Effective Coupling Constant.
Quasi-Particles is the summarizes of Interaction Term.
Quasi-Particles is the works well of Quasi-Particle Picture.
Interaction Term extracts Dynamical Mass.
Dynamical Mass is the consistent with of Perturbative Qcd Results.
Dynamical Mass includes Non-Perturbative Contributions.
Effective Coupling Constant is the determine of Gluonic Case.
Gluonic Case is the reproduce of Lattice Data.
Quasi-Particle Picture is the reproduce of Lattice Data.
Quasi-Particles dominates Quark-Antiquark Plasma.
Quarks is the turn into of Constituent Quarks.
Constituent Quarks is the turn into of Hadrons.
Quarks is the turn into of Massive Quarks.
Massive Quarks is the turn into of Constituent Quarks.