Schrodinger'S Cat is the explains of Quantum Systems.
Quantum Systems is the features of Coherent Superpositions.
Quantum Systems is the differs from of Classical World.
Quantum Coherence is the enhances of Information Processing.
Quantum Coherence is the enables of Brassard-Bennett Protocol.
Quantum Coherence is the enables of Deutsch-Jozsa Algorithm.
Quantum Technologies is the reveals of Brassard-Bennett Protocol.
Quantum Technologies is the reveals of Deutsch-Jozsa Algorithm.
Information Thermodynamics is the benefits from of Quantum Coherence.
Maxwell'S Thought Experiment is the triggers of Landauer'S Principle.
Maxwell'S Thought Experiment is the inspires of Szilard'S Microscopic Engine.
Szilard'S Microscopic Engine is the resolves of Landauer'S Principle.
Landauer'S Principle is the explains of Jacobs' Energetic Cost.
Jacobs' Energetic Cost is the affects of Quantum Heat Engines.
Lloyd'S Quantum Engine Model is the utilizes of Quantum Coherences.
Lloyd'S Quantum Engine Model is the converts of Information Engines.
Quantum-Optical Tls is the models of Quantum Master Equation.
Quantum-Optical Tls is the relates to of Quantum Heat Engines.
Measurement is the outcome of Internal Energy.
Internal Energy is the amplify of Tls.
Tls is the amplify of Laser Pulse.
Internal Energy is the exploit of Susceptibility.
Susceptibility is the exploit of Heat Bath.
Density Matrix is the serve as initial state of Operation Cycle.
Control Operations is the specify of Density Matrix Evolution.
Density Matrix Evolution is the evolve unitarily of Hamiltonian.
Hamiltonian gives Dipole Matrix Element.
Tls is the interaction of Heat Bath.
Interaction is the describe of Quantum Optical Master Equation.
Quantum Optical Master Equation is the use of Lindblad Operator.
Lindblad Operator is the evaluate of Planck Distribution.
Planck Distribution evaluates Thermal Reservoir.
Quantum Optical Master Equation is the interaction of Thermal Reservoir.
Thermal Reservoir is the play role in of Microscopic Model.
Microscopic Model is the derive from of Weak Coupling Limit.
Thermal Reservoir plays Thermal Radiation Field.
Master Equations is the describe of Open Quantum Systems.
Master Equations is the lead to insights in of Quantum Heat Engines.
Control Operations is the admit representations of Super Operators.
Super Operators is the formal representations of Control Operations.
Control Operations is the yield explicit expressions of Initial Condition.
Initial Condition is the yield of Explicit Expressions.
Work Extracted determines First Law.
Tls decouples Heat Exchange.
Heat Exchange exchanges Heat Bath.
Pulse Duration is the fix of Dipole Phase.
Dipole Phase ends Ground State.
Conditional Probabilities obtains Steady State Probabilities.
Steady State Probabilities enters Efficiency.
Coherences is the enhance of Efficiency Enhancement.
Basis Choice is the enhance of Efficiency Enhancement.
Temperature is the choose of Angle.
Angle is the affect of Efficiency.
Angle is the enhance of Efficiency Enhancement.
Damping Rate quantifys Efficiency Evaluation.
Relaxation Time is the corresponds to of Quantum Optical Information Engine.
Level Spacing is the comprise of Efficiency Evaluation.
Efficiency Evaluation is the evaluate of Efficiency.
Regimes is the focus on of Efficiency Evaluation.
Work Output is the calculate of Efficiency Evaluation.
Energetic Cost considers Efficiency Evaluation.
Measurement Apparatus is the deliver of Energetic Cost.
Measurement Process is the alter of Measurement Apparatus.
Universal Upper Bound is the derive of Quantum Information Engines.
Quantum Information Engines is the exploit of Superposition Principle.
Superposition Principle is the overcome of Classical Limitations.
Quantum Coherences is the benefit from of Efficiency Enhancement.
Specific Model conditions Projective Measurement.
Projective Measurement couples Heat Bath.
Heat Engine bounds Carnot Value.
Information Engine is the define of Efficiency.
Landauer S Principle is the refer to of Entropy Production.
Entropy Production is the achieve of Memory Reset.
Memory Reset is the reset of External Agent.
Non-Classical Observable is the exploit of Eigenstates.