Graphene is the affects of Magnetic Field.
Graphene is the reveals of Landau Levels.
Landau Levels is the differs from of Two-Dimensional Electron Gas.
Graphene is the applies to of Parity-And-Time Symmetry.
Graphene is the applies to of Hamiltonian.
Hamiltonian is the consists of of Matrix.
Hamiltonian is the applies to of Tight-Binding Model.
Graphene is the applies to of Potential.
Hamiltonian is the consists of of Eigenvalues.
Hamiltonian is the consists of of Eigenvectors.
Eigenvalues is the occurs at of Exceptional Point.
Eigenvectors is the involves of Operators.
Graphene is the addresses of Quantum Mechanics.
Quantum Mechanics is the investigates of Phases.
Graphene is the introduces of Models.
Graphene haves Sublattice.
Sublattice is the consists of of Boron-Nitride.
Boron-Nitride is the forms of Hexagonal Lattice.
Graphene is the focuses on of Dirac Points.
Dirac Points is the form of Dirac Cones.
Graphene follows Excitations.
Graphene is the exemplifies of Relativistic Quantum Mechanics.
Graphene is the applies to of Chemical Potential.
Graphene haves Energy Bands.
Energy Bands is the depends on of Wave Number.
Graphene bes Fermi Energy.
Graphene is the applies to of Effective Hamiltonian.
Effective Hamiltonian is the leads to of Biorthogonal Eigenstates.
Biorthogonal Eigenstates is the causes of Degeneracy.
Graphene is the becomes of Central Level.
Central Level is the occurs in of Hermitian Limit.
Graphene bes Vector Potential.
Vector Potential is the uses of Symmetric Gauge.
Graphene is the involves of Position And Momentum Operators.
Eigenvectors is the orthogonal of Orthogonal.
Eigenvectors relates Exceptional Points.
Exceptional Points relates Natural Number.
Basis relates Hamiltonian.
Graphene Hamiltonian relates Dirac Points.
Parameter relates Exceptional Points.
Asymmetry relates Eigenstates.
Chemical Potential relates Basis.
Interwining Operator relates Finite-Dimensional Hilbert Spaces.
Operator relates Eigenvalues.
Operator relates Hermitian Conjugate.
Scalar Product relates Hilbert Space.
Real Eigenvalues relates Basis.
Biorthogonal Basis relates Eigenstates.
Positive Operator relates Invertible Operator.
Time-Reversal Operator relates Dirac Points.
Parity Operation relates Hamiltonian.
Massless Dirac Fermions relates Graphene Hamiltonian.