Ti:Sapphire Laser is the operates at of 860 Nm.
Optical Cavities is the contains of Second-Harmonic Generator.
Second-Harmonic Generator haves Bow-Tie-Shaped Cavity.
Bow-Tie-Shaped Cavity is the contains of Periodically-Poled Ktiopo@Xmath1 (Ppktp) Crystal.
Continuous Output Beam haves 430 Nm.
Continuous Output Beam directs Acousto-Optic Modulator.
Acousto-Optic Modulator is the directs pump beam to of Memory Cavity.
Memory Cavity is the contains of Periodically-Poled Ktiopo@Xmath1 (Ppktp) Crystal.
Memory Cavity is the works as of Non-Degenerate Optical Parametric Oscillator (Nopo).
Memory Cavity haves 3 Mw.
Mode-Cleaning Cavity is the purifies to of Transverse Mode.
Local Oscillators haves 18 Mw.
Concatenated-Cavity-Based Memory Systems haves Memory-1.
Concatenated-Cavity-Based Memory Systems haves Memory-2.
Coupling Mirror is the couples to of Memory Cavity.
Coupling Mirror is the couples to of Shutter Cavity.
Shutter Cavity is the contains of Outcoupling Mirror.
Shutter Cavity is the contains of Electro-Optic Modulator (Eom).
Electro-Optic Modulator (Eom) is the contains of Rbatiopo@Xmath1 (Rtp) Crystal.
Electro-Optic Modulator (Eom) haves 4 Mm X 4 Mm.
Resonant Frequencies is the controls of Cavities.
Local Oscillators is the controls of Phases.
Feedback Loop is the consists of of Controllers.
Controllers is the consists of of Analog Feedback Controller.
Controllers is the consists of of Error Detector.
Controllers is the consists of of Digital Scanner.
Controllers is the consists of of Logical Or Gates.
Logical Or Gates is the sends signals to of Timing Controller.
Timing Controller is the controls of Timing Controller.
Timing Controller is the controls timing of of Photon Release.
Timing Controller is the controls timing of of Switching.
Timing Controller is the consists of of Fpga.
Timing Controller haves Timing Jitter.
Electric Cable Lengths is the adjusts of Timing Controller.
Optical Path Lengths is the matches of Balanced Beam Splitter.
Balanced Beam Splitter is the directs to of Data-Storage Oscilloscope.
Wavepackets estimates Principal Component Analysis.
Wavepackets is the affects of Single-Photon Purities.
Single-Photon Purities is the satisfies condition of Wigner-Function-Negativity Condition.
Coherence Time is the affects of Wavepackets.
Wavefunctions is the describes of Schrdinger Standing Wave Functions.
Schrdinger Standing Wave Functions is the describes of Field Quadrature Amplitude.
Schrdinger Standing Wave Functions is the describes of Probability Amplitudes.
Hom State measures Quadrature Distributions.
Quadrature Distributions is the dependent on of Optical Phases.
Quadrature Distributions evaluates Entanglement.
Entanglement correlates Intensity Cross-Correlation Factor.
Entanglement correlates Interference Visibility.
Entanglement calculates Logarithmic Negativity.
Xmath53 is the in hilbert space spanned by of Xmath54.
Xmath53 is the in hilbert space spanned by of Xmath55.
Xmath53 is the filtered components probability fraction of of Xmath56.
Xmath56 is the experimentally 0.470 probability fraction of filtered components of Xmath57.
Xmath58 is the for filtered output state logarithmic negativity was of Xmath59.
Xmath60 is the main contribution of entanglement came from superposition of of Xmath61.
Xmath62 is the mainly due to higher-order photon components of input states of Xmath63.