Perovskite is the contains of Lamno.
Perovskite is the contains of Manganites.
Lamno is the exhibits of Jahn-Teller Distortion.
Lamno is the exhibits of Antiferromagnetic Spin.
Lamno is the exhibits of Orbital Ordering.
Lamno is the exhibits of Charge Dynamics.
Lamno is the exhibits of Electron Correlations.
Manganites is the exhibits of Cmr Effect.
Lamno is the exhibits of Magnetic Moments.
Lamno is the exhibits of Ground State Properties.
Lamno is the exhibits of Excited State Properties.
Lamno is the exhibits of Optical Properties.
Lamno is the exhibits of Magneto-Optical Properties.
Lamno is the exhibits of Metal-Insulator Transition.
Lamno is the exhibits of Spin-Ordered States.
Lamno is the exhibits of Optical Conductivity.
Lamno is the exhibits of Faraday Rotation.
Lamno is the exhibits of Electron-Electron Interactions.
Lamno is the exhibits of Density-Functional Calculations.
Lamno is the exhibits of Lsda+ Theory.
Lamno is the exhibits of Correlation Effects.
Lamno is the exhibits of Structural Distortions.
Lamno is the exhibits of Relativistic Effects.
Lamno is the exhibits of Generalized-Gradient Approximation.
Lamno haves Orthorhombic Distorted Perovskite Structure.
Lamnoxmath0 haves Af.
Af haves A-Af.
Af haves C-Af.
Af haves G-Af.
Lamnoxmath0 is the contains element of Mn.
Lamnoxmath0 is the contains element of La.
Lamnoxmath0 is the contains element of O.
Perovskite haves Lamnoxmath0.
Gdfeo haves Lamnoxmath0.
Dft bases Fplapw.
Dft bases So.
Dft bases Xanes.
Dft bases Dos.
Lmto bases Xps.
Lmto bases Bis.
Bz relates K-Space.
Band-Structure relates Dielectric-Tensor.
Dielectric-Tensor relates Optical-Constants.
Magnetic-Structure relates Kerr-Rotation.
Magnetic-Structure relates Faraday-Rotation.
Lamno@Xmath0 is the stabilization of Structural Distortions.
Lamno@Xmath0 is the stabilization of Af Ordering.
Lamno@Xmath0 is the stabilization of Jt Effect.
Lamno@Xmath0 is the estimation of Crystal-Field Splitting.
Lamno@Xmath0 is the estimation of Mn @Xmath2 Exchange Splitting.
Lamno@Xmath0 is the estimation of Magnetic Moments.
Lamno@Xmath0 is the comparison of Intralayer Exchange Interactions.
Lamno@Xmath0 is the comparison of Af Interlayer Couplings.
Lamno@Xmath0 is the induction of Orbital Ordering.
Lamno@Xmath0 is the explanation of Cmr Effect.
Lamno@Xmath0 is the suggestion of Charge Imbalance.
Kerr-Effect is the describes of Mo-Spectra.
Dielectric-Tensor is the describes of Optical-Transitions.
Optical-Transitions is the originates-from of Right-Circularly-Polarized-Light.
Optical-Transitions is the originates-from of Left-Circularly-Polarized-Light.
Magnetic-Anisotropy is the required-for of Materials.
Lamno0 is the belongs-to of Manganites.
Lamno0 is the exhibits of Half-Metallic-Behavior.
Lamno0 is the possesses of Bandgap.
Lamno0 is the studied-for of Mo-Spectra.
Lamno0 haves Energy-Band-Structure.
Manganites is the linked-with of Faraday-Rotation.
Energy-Band-Structure is the influences of Optical-Properties.
Energy-Band-Structure is the contains of Occupied-Bands.
Energy-Band-Structure is the contains of Unoccupied-Bands.
Energy-Band-Structure is the affects of Electronic-Structure.
Energy-Band-Structure is the defines of Direct-Gap.
Energy-Band-Structure is the derives-from of Linear-Optical-Properties.
Interband-Transitions is the contributes-to of Optical-Properties.
Interband-Transitions is the related-to of Interatomic-Transitions.
Cubic Phase is the stabilization of Ferromagnetic State.
Hole Doping is the cause of Ferromagnetic State.
Density-Functional Approach is the works for of Ground-State Properties.
Density-Functional Approach is the works for of Excited State Properties.
Pr is the receives support from of Research Council Of Norway.
Pr is the acknowledges of Y.Tokura.
Pr is the acknowledges of T.Arima.
Pr is the acknowledges of K.Takenaka.
Pr is the acknowledges of J.Jung.
Pr is the uses of Norwegian Supercomputer Facilities.
Pr is the acknowledges of Igor Solovyev.
Pr is the acknowledges of Lars Nordstrm.
Pr is the acknowledges of R. Vidya.
Pr is the acknowledges of John Wills.
Pr is the acknowledges of Karlheinz Schwarz.
Pr is the acknowledges of Peter Blaha.
O.E is the receives support from of Swedish Research Foundation.
O.E is the receives support from of Swedish Foundation For Strategic Research (Ssf).
G. Jonker is the acknowledges of J. Van Santen.