Euclidean Ball is the center of Origin.
Euclidean Ball is the radius of Radius.
Local Minimizers minimizes Dirichlet Functional.
Local Minimizers minimizes Closed Convex Set.
Functions considers Boundary.
Functions considers Thin Obstacle Problem.
Functions considers Elliptic Signorini Problem.
Functions is the extend of Solutions.
Functions is the extend of Euclidean Ball.
Functions is the extend of Even Symmetry.
Functions is the extend of Odd Symmetry.
Branches is the view as of Harmonic Function.
Frequency Function is the explain of Almgren.
Frequency Function is the explain of Multi-Valued Harmonic Functions.
Limits is the show of Blowups.
Limits is the show of Solutions.
Limits is the show of Signorini Problem.
Limits is the show of Rescalings.
Limits is the show of Homogeneous.
Mapping is the show of Upper Semicontinuous.
Mapping is the show of Regular Point.
Mapping is the show of Regular.
Mapping is the show of Homogeneous Solutions.
Mapping is the show of Homogeneity.
Mapping is the show of Rotation.
Mapping is the show of Coordinate Axes.
Regular Set is the define of Regular Point.
Regular Set is the define of Regular.
Regular Set is the define of Rotation.
Regular Set is the define of Coordinate Axes.
Regular Set is the define of Regular Free Boundary Points.
Regular Set is the define of Regular Set.
Regular Set is the define of Upper Semicontinuity.
Regular Set is the define of Gap.
Regular Set is the define of Values.
Regular Set is the define of Dimension.
Regular Set is the define of Coincidence Set.
Notations is the use of Euclidean Space.
Notations is the use of Points.
Notations is the use of Distance.
Local Properties is the interested in of Solutions.
Local Properties is the interested in of Free Boundaries.
Assumptions assumes Solutions.
Assumptions assumes Free Boundary Points.
Assumptions assumes Regular.
Assumptions assumes Directional Derivatives.
Assumptions assumes Cone.
Assumptions assumes Unit Normal.
Assumptions assumes Unit Vector.
Approach is the use of Partial Hodograph-Legendre Transformation Method.
Approach is the use of Regularity.
Approach is the use of Partial Hodograph Transform.
Approach is the use of Variables.
Approach is the use of Transformation.
Approach is the use of Legendre Transform.
Approach is the use of Inverse.
Approach is the use of Recover.
Approach is the use of Mapping.
Approach is the use of Regular Points.
Approach is the use of Homeomorphism.
Approach is the use of Behavior.
Approach is the use of Basic Regularity.
Approach is the use of Pde.
Approach is the use of Baouendi-Grushin Operator.
Approach is the use of Smoothness.
Approach is the use of Analyticity.
Approach is the use of Nondegeneracy Property.
Approach is the use of Derivatives.
Approach is the use of Barrier Function.
Approach is the use of Boundary Hopf Lemma.
Approach is the use of Superharmonic Function.
Approach is the use of Maximum Principle.
Approach is the use of Tangential Derivatives.
Uniformity2 is the defines of Tubular Neighborhood.
Uniformity2 is the applies to of Projection Map.
Uniformity2 is the establishes of Constant.
Uniformity2 is the defines of Tubular Neighborhood Of Free Boundary.
Projection Map is the continuous in of Constant.
Constant is the for some constant of Tubular Neighborhood Of Free Boundary.
Tubular Neighborhood Of Free Boundary is the contains of Smooth Mapping.
Smooth Mapping bes Homeomorphism.
Homeomorphism is the extends to of Diffeomorphism.
Space is the constructs of Partial Hodograph.
Partial Hodograph is the defines of Legendre Transform.
Legendre Transform is the establishes of Equivalence Relation.
Equivalence Relation is the defines of Quotient Space.
Quotient Space bes Local Diffeomorphism.
Local Diffeomorphism is the defines of Partial Legendre Transform.
Partial Legendre Transform is the satisfies of Fully Nonlinear Pde.
Fully Nonlinear Pde studys Blowup.
Blowup is the at points on of Legendre Function.
Legendre Function is the defines of Non-Isotropic Dilation.
Non-Isotropic Dilation is the considers of Rescaling.
Rescaling is the in of Local Coordinate Charts.
Local Coordinate Charts is the verifies of Uniform Convergence.
Uniform Convergence is the leads to of Compactness.
Compactness is the results in of Continuous Extension.