Equation is the calculation of Focal Plane.
Image Sensitivity is the estimation of Detectors.
Detector Array is the composition of Kinetic Inductance Detector (Kid).
Kinetic Inductance Detector (Kid) is the fabrication of Resonant Circuit.
Superconducting Material is the dependency of Inductance.
Superconducting Material is the dependency of Cooper Pairs.
Cooper Pairs is the transformation of Quasiparticle Excitations.
Optical Power is the monitoring of Probe Signal.
Probe Signal feeds Microwave Transmission Line.
Resonators couples Circuitry.
Focal Plane Arrays samples Resonant Frequencies.
Coplanar Waveguide (Cpw) couples Resonators.
Q-Factor limits Resonators.
Aluminum Film is the fabrication of Detector Array.
Cooling is the requirement of Aluminum Film.
Cooling is the utilization of Pulse-Tube-Cooler (Ptc).
Cooling is the utilization of Helium-10 Adsorption Fridge.
Thermometry is the monitoring of Cooling.
Readout System is the integration of Cryogenic Electronics.
Cryogenic Electronics is the utilization of Attenuator.
Cryogenic Electronics is the utilization of Low Noise Amplifier.
Cryogenic Electronics is the utilization of Coaxial Cables.
Signal Generator feeds Cryogenic Electronics.
Frequency Domain Multiplexing System feeds Signal Generator.
Polyphase Filter Bank feeds Frequency Domain Multiplexing System.
Control Station is the integration of Readout System.
Beam Profiles is the measurement of Detectors.
Operational Yield is the assessment of Detector Array.
Noise Power Spectrum is the analysis of Detectors.
Update Rate is the limitation of Image Sensitivity.
Linear System is the employs of Detector Channels.
Detector Channels is the affects of Video Frames.
Video Frames is the causes of Vertical Striping.
Video Frames is the causes of Broken Detectors.
Video Frames is the causes of Noisy Detectors.
Video Frames is the causes of Low Frequency Gain Fluctuations.
Linear System is the recommends of Dual-Axis Circular Scanning Strategy.
Linear System is the recommends of Lissajous Style Scanning Strategy.
Linear System is the recommends of Modular Optics System.
Modular Optics System is the enables of Image Plane.
Image Plane locates Cryostat.
Kinetic Inductance Detectors develops Far-Infrared Astronomy.
Kinetic Inductance Detectors uses Terahertz Frequencies.
Linear System is the similar to of Stand-Off Imaging Systems.
Stand-Off Imaging Systems is the detects of Concealed Items.
Optics Platform transforms Stand-Off Imaging Systems.
Linear System is the operates close to of Ideal Photon Noise Limited Sensitivity.
Ideal Photon Noise Limited Sensitivity is the comparable to of Passive Thz Imaging Systems.
Larger Kid Arrays is the increases with of Detecting Elements.
Larger Kid Arrays is the no penalty in of Array Fabrication.
Larger Kid Arrays is the no penalty in of Readout Complexity.
Uk Science And Technology Facilities Council supports Kinetic Inductance Detectors.