Dark Energy is the responsible for of Force.
Force is the affects of Cosmic History.
Dark Energy refers Mysterious Force.
Mysterious Force is the motivates of Researchers.
Modified Gravity Approach is the explores of Salient Features.
Modified Gravity Approach considers Cosmic History.
Lovelock Theory Of Gravity is the generalization of of General Relativity.
Lovelock Theory Of Gravity is the in of Dimensions.
Ricci Scalar is the first scalar in of Lovelock Theory Of Gravity.
Gauss-Bonnet Invariant is the second scalar in of Lovelock Theory Of Gravity.
Gauss-Bonnet Invariant is the in of Dimensions.
Gauss-Bonnet Invariant haves Linear Combination.
Gauss-Bonnet Invariant is the free from of Spin-2 Ghost Instabilities.
Quadratic Curvature Invariant is the topological term in of Dimensions.
Quadratic Curvature Invariant is the contributes trivially in of Field Equations.
Quadratic Curvature Invariant is the dynamics in of Discusses.
Quadratic Curvature Invariant is the to discuss of Interesting Scenarios.
Quadratic Curvature Invariant couples Scalar Field.
Quadratic Curvature Invariant adds Generic Function.
Quadratic Curvature Invariant is the in of Einstein-Hilbert Action.
Quadratic Curvature Invariant knows Scheme.
Quadratic Curvature Invariant introduces Alternative.
Quadratic Curvature Invariant is the for of Dark Energy.
Quadratic Curvature Invariant is the discusses of Cosmological Evolution.
Quadratic Curvature Invariant endows Cosmological Structure.
Quadratic Curvature Invariant is the consistent with of Solar System Constraints.
Cosmic Accelerated Expansion is the involves of Discussed In.
Harko Et Al. establishs Curvature-Matter Coupling.
Curvature-Matter Coupling is the to study of Harko Et Al..
Curvature-Matter Coupling is the yields of Covariant Divergence.
Curvature-Matter Coupling is the due to of Extra Force.
Curvature-Matter Coupling follows Geodesic Lines.
Curvature-Matter Coupling follows Dust Particles.
Shamir And Ahmad constructs Cosmologically Viable Models.
Noether Symmetry Approach uses Cosmological Models.
Cosmic Expansion uses Cosmic Evolutionary Models.
Cosmic Evolutionary Models uses Reconstruction.
Cosmic Evolutionary Models considers Stability Analysis.
Nojiri Et Al. formulates Reconstruction Scheme.
Nojiri Et Al. reproduces Cosmological Models.
Elizalde Et Al. applys Cosmological Models.
Elizalde Et Al. applys Cdm Cosmology.
Elizalde Et Al. discusss Stability Of Power-Law Solutions.
Sez-Gomez explores Cosmological Solutions.
Sez-Gomez analyzes Stability.
Myrzakulov And His Collaborators discusss Cosmological Models.
Jamil Et Al. reconstructs Cosmological Models.
Jamil Et Al. is the in of Numerical Analysis.
Salako Et Al. studys Cosmological Reconstruction.
Salako Et Al. analyzes Stability.
Salako Et Al. includes Thermodynamics.
Sharif And Zubair demonstrates Cosmological Models.
Sharif And Zubair analyzes Stability.
Sharif And Zubair is the in of Reconstructed.
1 is the multiplication of Omega.
1 is the multiplication of Rho_*.
Rho_* is the multiplication of F_Tt^*.