Quantum Walks defines Graphs.
Quantum Walks analyzes Ref.
Quantum Walks gives Experimental Proposals.
Quantum Walks is the key feature of coined qw model of Coin Operator.
Coin Operator is the determines possible directions of Internal State.
Coin Operator alternates Unitary Operators.
Unitary Operators is the defines evolution of Evolution Operator.
Staggered Quantum Walk (Sqw) Model is the subset of of Coined Qw Class Of Models.
Staggered Quantum Walk (Sqw) Model is the entire class of of Szegedy Model Class.
Staggered Quantum Walk (Sqw) Model is the contains subset of of Coined Qw Models.
Staggered Quantum Walk (Sqw) Model is the easier to devise new experimental proposals of Coined Qw Models.
Staggered Quantum Walk (Sqw) Model includes Coined Qw Models.
Staggered Quantum Walk (Sqw) Model is the more general class of quantum walks of Coined Qw Models.
Staggered Quantum Walk (Sqw) Model is the restriction on local evolution operations of Coined Qw Models.
Staggered Quantum Walk (Sqw) Model is the demands hermiticity and unitarity of Coined Qw Models.
Staggered Quantum Walk (Sqw) Model is the compromises possibilities for actual implementations of Coined Qw Models.
Staggered Quantum Walk (Sqw) Model is the proposes extension employing non-hermitian local operators of Coined Qw Models.
Evolution Operator Of Staggered Qw Model With Hamiltonians is the concatenated form of unitary and hermitian operators of Evolution Operator.
Evolution Operator Of Staggered Qw Model With Hamiltonians includes Evolution Operator.
Evolution Operator Of Staggered Qw Model With Hamiltonians is the recovers standard sqw model with specific conditions of Evolution Operator.
Evolution Operator Of Staggered Qw Model With Hamiltonians is the easier to devise new experimental proposals of Evolution Operator.
Evolution Operator Of Staggered Qw Model With Hamiltonians is the encompasses standard sqw model and new coined models of Evolution Operator.
Evolution Operator Of Staggered Qw Model With Hamiltonians is the allows relaxation on hermiticity requirement for local unitary operators of Evolution Operator.
Evolution Operator Of Staggered Qw Model With Hamiltonians is the proposes extension employing non-hermitian local operators of Evolution Operator.
Basis Change takes System Symmetries.
Basis Change is the defines fourier basis of Reduced Evolution Operator.
Reduced Evolution Operator characterizes Eigenvalues.
Reduced Evolution Operator associates Eigenvectors.
Quantum Walk State is the determines state of Probability Distribution.
Probability Distribution is the calculates moments of Odd Moments.
Probability Distribution is the calculates moments of Even Moments.
Probability Distribution is the calculates deviation of Standard Deviation.
Flip-Flop Coined Qw is the equivalent to of Sqw With Hamiltonians.