Rotating Spinor Bose-Einstein Condensates haves Hyperfine Spin.
Rotating Spinor Bose-Einstein Condensates finds Optically Trapped.
Rotating Spinor Bose-Einstein Condensates haves Vortex Phase Diagram.
Vortex Phase Diagram is the involves of Topological Excitations.
Rotating Spinor Bose-Einstein Condensates haves Temperature Effects.
Temperature Effects is the involves of Berezinskii-Kosterlitz-Thouless Transition.
Berezinskii-Kosterlitz-Thouless Transition is the involves of Vortex-Antivortex Pairs.
Rotating Spinor Bose-Einstein Condensates haves Thermal Fluctuations.
Thermal Fluctuations is the involves of Positions Of Vortices.
Rotating Spinor Bose-Einstein Condensates is the mentions of Mermin-Wagner-Hohenberg Theorem.
Rotating Spinor Bose-Einstein Condensates haves Trapping Potential.
Rotating Spinor Bose-Einstein Condensates haves Thermal Fluctuations Of Angle.
Rotating Spinor Bose-Einstein Condensates haves Harmonically-Trapped Quasi 2D Bose-Einstein Condensate.
Harmonically-Trapped Quasi 2D Bose-Einstein Condensate haves Dimensionless Temperature.
Harmonically-Trapped Quasi 2D Bose-Einstein Condensate haves Order Parameter.
Order Parameter haves Free Energy.
Order Parameter haves Angular Momentum Operator.
Order Parameter haves One-Body Hamiltonian.
One-Body Hamiltonian haves Scattering Lengths.
One-Body Hamiltonian haves Concentration Of Atoms.
Rotating Spinor Bose-Einstein Condensates haves Relative Angle Among Hyperfine Components.
Rotating Spinor Bose-Einstein Condensates haves Transverse Magnetization.
Rotating Spinor Bose-Einstein Condensates haves Spin Energy.
Rotating Spinor Bose-Einstein Condensates haves Axially-Symmetric Phases.
Axially-Symmetric Phases haves Winding Number.
Axially-Symmetric Phases haves Relative Phase.
Axially-Symmetric Phases haves Spin-Mixing Term.
Axially-Symmetric Phases haves Gross-Pitaevskii Functional.
Axially-Symmetric Phases haves Interaction Constant In A Spin Channel.
Axially-Symmetric Phases haves Energetically Favorable Phases.
Energetically Favorable Phases is the involves of Vortex States.
Rotating Spinor Bose-Einstein Condensates haves Spin Interactions.
Spin Interactions is the affects of Coherence Among Components Of The Order Parameter.
Rotating Spinor Bose-Einstein Condensates is the affects of Transverse Magnetization Of The Condensate.
Rotating Spinor Bose-Einstein Condensates haves Thermal Fluctuations Of Relative Angle.
Rotating Spinor Bose-Einstein Condensates is the uses of Harmonic Approximation.
Harmonic Approximation haves Average Deviation Of Angle.
Rotating Spinor Bose-Einstein Condensates is the uses of Variational Method.