Galaxy Clusters is the examines of Cosmic Structure Formation.
Galaxy Clusters is the examines of Equilibrium Mass Profiles.
Galaxy Clusters is the tests of Cosmological Models.
Bullet Cluster is the result of of Collision.
Bullet Cluster is the reveals of Dark Matter Distribution.
Bullet Cluster is the shows of Dark Matter.
Bullet Cluster provides Gravitational Lensing Observations.
Bullet Cluster is the demonstrates of Mass Profiles.
Bullet Cluster is the shows of Dark Matter.
Baryons is the consists of of X-Ray Emitting Gas.
Navarro-Frenk-White Profile provides Gravitational Lensing Observations.
Navarro-Frenk-White Profile is the fits to of Mass Profiles.
Mass Power Spectrum confirms Hubble Volumes.
Xmmuj2235-25 is the motivates of Gravitational Lensing.
Xmmuj2235-25 is the motivates of Gaussian Initial Density Fluctuation Spectrum.
Xmmuj2235-25 is the motivates of Dark Energy Levels.
Gravitational Lensing is the determines of Mass Profiles.
Gravitational Lensing is the model free of Mass Profiles.
Gravitational Lensing is the combines of Weak Lensing Signal.
Gravitational Lensing is the combines of Strong Lensing.
Gravitational Lensing is the reconstructs of Mass Profiles.
Gravitational Lensing is the stacks of Mass Profiles.
Gravitational Lensing is the obtains of Ensemble-Averaged Profile.
Gravitational Lensing is the describes of Spin-2 Reduced Shear.
Gravitational Lensing is the observes of Tangential Distortion.
Galaxies is the calculate weighted average of Radial Bands.
Radial Bands haves Center.
Radial Bands haves Radial Band.
Radial Band haves Center.
Objects locates Radial Band.
Objects locates Annulus.
Tangential Distortion haves Object.
Object haves Statistical Weight.
Statistical Weight haves Variance.
Shear Estimate is the estimate shear of Object.
Variance haves Shear Estimate.
Softening Constant Variance haves Variance.
Analysis is the choose value of Rms.
Analysis is the choose value of Background Sample.
Lensing Magnification is the influences of Surface Density.
Lensing Magnification is the expands of Area Of Sky.
Lensing Magnification is the enhances of Flux.
Flux is the observe flux of Background Sources.
Area Of Sky is the reduces effective observing area of Source Plane.
Area Of Sky is the decreases of Number Of Background Sources.
Flux is the amplifies of Background Sources.
Number Of Background Sources is the increases of Limiting Flux.
Number Of Background Sources is the depends on of Magnification Bias.
Magnitude Cutoff is the modifies of Number Counts.
Magnitude Cutoff is the measure magnification of Lensing.
Magnitude Cutoff is the use sample of Sample.
Sample is the select red background galaxies of Background Galaxies.
Sample is the measure of Count Slope.
Count Slope is the results in of Count Depletion.
Count-In-Cell Statistic is the measure of Sample.
Sample is the use of Flux-Limited Sample.
Sample is the measure from of Equal-Area Cells.
Magnification Bias expresss Number Density.
Number Density is the measure of Background Galaxies.
Number Density is the function of of Radius.
Radius is the azimuthally average of Cluster Center.
Radius is the use for measurement of Radial Bins.
Lens Magnification Bias expresss Number Density.
Lens Magnification Bias measures Mean Surface Number Density.
Model Parameters is the estimate from of Source Counts.
Model Parameters is the use of Wide-Field Imaging Data.
Model Parameters is the account for of Calibration Uncertainty.
Calibration Uncertainty is the include of Observational Parameters.
Calibration Uncertainty is the include of Normalization And Slope Parameters.
Calibration Uncertainty is the include of Relative Lensing Depth.
Calibration Uncertainty is the include of Population-To-Population Variations.
Calibration Uncertainty uses Background Samples.
Calibration Uncertainty uses Magnification And Distortion Measurements.
Calibration Uncertainty is the assess level of of Calibration Bias.
Calibration Bias is the assess level of of Shear Calibration Bias.
Calibration Bias is the assess level of of Residual Shear Offset.
Calibration Bias is the compare to of Distortion Signal.
Calibration Bias is the compare to of Statistical Uncertainty.
Calibration Bias is the compare to of Intrinsic Scatter.
Calibration Bias is the compare to of Dilution Effect.
Dilution Effect is the lead to underestimation of True Signal.
Background Galaxies is the dilute of Lensing Signal.
Background Galaxies is the critical for of Background Selection.
Background Galaxies is the dilute of Lensing Signal.
Background Galaxies is the use of Background Samples.
Background Galaxies is the define of Background Selection Method.
Background Galaxies is the define of Blue And Red Background Samples.
Background Galaxies is the derive from of Color-Color Space.
Background Galaxies is the use of Photometry.
Background Galaxies is the reference to of Photometric-Redshift Survey.
Red Galaxies is the redder than of Red Sequence.
Red Galaxies expects Background Galaxies.
Red Galaxies uses Magnification Analysis.
Background Galaxies uses Magnification Analysis.
Background Galaxies uses Distortion Analysis.
Mass Maps recovers Cluster Mass Centroid.
Cluster Mass Centroid is the coincides with of Bcg.
Bcg is the offset from of Dark Matter Halos.
Radial Profiles calculates Radial Bins.
Radial Bins defines Virial Radius.
Radial Bins is the ensures accuracy with of Psf.
Markov Chain Monte Carlo is the approach with of Metropolis-Hastings Sampling.
Markov Chain Monte Carlo uses Bayesian Statistical Framework.
Bayesian Statistical Framework employs Gelman-Rubin Statistic.
Bayesian Statistical Framework uses Posterior Probability Distribution.
Posterior Probability Distribution is the utilizes of Bisection Method.
Bisection Method combines Bootstrap Techniques.
Posterior Probability Distribution estimates Covariance Matrix.
Mass Profile reconstructs Posterior Probability Distribution.
Mass Profile compares Nfw Model.
Nfw Model is the parametrization of of Generalized Nfw Profile.
Generalized Nfw Profile is the depicts of Lensing Convergence Profiles.
Cluster Mass Profile Measurements forms Model-Independent Mass Profile.
Model-Independent Mass Profile detects Clusters.
Model-Independent Mass Profile is the beyond of Virial Radius.
Model-Independent Mass Profile is the steepens from to of Projected Logarithmic Slope.
Projected Logarithmic Slope is the consistent with of Nfw Profiles.
Clusters obtains Inner Strong-Lensing Based Mass Profiles.
Inner Strong-Lensing Based Mass Profiles bases Hst/Acs Observations.
Inner Strong-Lensing Based Mass Profiles is the overlap well with of Subaru-Based Profiles.
Subaru-Based Profiles describes Navarro-Frenk-White Profile.
Merger Rxj1347-11 relates Dynamical State Of The Cluster.
High-Mass Lensing Clusters appears Einstein Radii.
Einstein Radii is the high level of Mass Concentration.
Weak Lensing Analysis ignores Redshift Dependencies.
Weak Lensing Analysis is the effects not considered of Projection Bias.
Weak Lensing Analysis is the possible source of errors of Systematic Errors.
Systematic Errors relates Cluster Off-Centering Effect.
Cluster Off-Centering Effect is the effect on measurements of Centering Offset.
Centering Offset is the may affect measurements of Uncertainties.
Space Telescope Cluster Survey is the comparison with of Clash.
Space Telescope Cluster Survey is the derivation of of Mass Profiles.
X-Ray Clusters combines Panchromatic Space Imaging.
Panchromatic Space Imaging is the observations combined with of Subaru Weak-Lensing Observations.
Subaru Weak-Lensing Observations is the determination of of Representative Mass Profile.
Anonymous Referee provides Discussions.
Discussions discusss Mcmc Techniques.
Mcmc Techniques is the comments on of Imcat Package.
National Science Council Of Taiwan is the supports of Cluster Magnification Analysis.
Cluster Magnification Analysis is the due to of Masking Effect.
Masking Effect describes Masking Object.
Masking Object specifys Ellipse.
Ellipse provides Sextractor.
Sextractor is the excludes around each object of Sky.
Sky defines Detection Limit.
Detection Limit is the calculates for masking effect of Correction Factor.
Masking Effect is the affects correction of Saturation.
Saturation describes Stellar Trails.
Masking Effect uses Pixelized Flag Image.
Pixelized Flag Image is the excludes regions of of Foreground Objects.
Foreground Objects is the set for optimization of Per-Pixel Detection Threshold.
Per-Pixel Detection Threshold is the above threshold of Connected Pixels.
Subaru Hsc Survey is the analysis of of Azimuthally-Averaged Convergence.
Azimuthally-Averaged Convergence defines Radial Bands.
Radial Bands is the dependent on of Tangential Distortion.
Radial Bands is the dependent on of Magnification.
Cosmos Database measures Shear.
Shear expresss Count-Depletion.