Violation Of Time Reversal Symmetry is the evidence found of Kaon System.
Violation Of Time Reversal Symmetry is the cornerstone of search of Physics Beyond The Standard Model.
Physics Beyond The Standard Model is the implies of Dynamical Symmetry Breaking.
Physics Beyond The Standard Model is the implies of Multi Higgs Models.
Physics Beyond The Standard Model is the implies of Spontaneous Symmetry Breaking.
Physics Beyond The Standard Model is the implies of Grand Unified Theories.
Physics Beyond The Standard Model is the implies of Extended Gauge Groups.
Physics Beyond The Standard Model is the implies of Super Symmetric Theories.
Nuclear Low Energy Tests is the involve of Hadronic Degrees Of Freedom.
Hadronic Degrees Of Freedom is the extract from observables of Effective Odd Nucleon Nucleon Potentials.
Hadronic Degrees Of Freedom is the extract from observables of Odd Mesonic Exchange Potentials.
Odd Mesonic Exchange Potentials is the extract effective constants of Hadronic Coupling Constants.
Hadronic Degrees Of Freedom is the relate in some way of Quark Degrees Of Freedom.
Quark Degrees Of Freedom utilizes Quark Models.
Quark Models is the calculate from quark structure of Hadronic Matrix Elements.
Hadronic Matrix Elements is the relate to interaction of Effective Hadronic Parameterizations.
Effective Hadronic Parameterizations is the result in of Charge Type Exchange Nucleon Nucleon Interaction.
Effective Hadronic Parameterizations is the result in of Axial Vector Type Exchange Nucleon Nucleon Interaction.
Quark Operators is the lead to of Vector Type Vertex.
Quark Operators utilizes Axial Vector Bilinear Operators.
Quark Operators utilizes Constituent Quark Model.
Constituent Quark Model is the relate to of Effective Meson Nucleon Degrees Of Freedom.
Effective Meson Nucleon Degrees Of Freedom utilizes Virginia Potential.
P. Herczeg is the support of National Institute For Nuclear Theory.
P. Herczeg is the support of University Of Washington.
P. Herczeg is the stay of Seattle.
P. Herczeg participates Int Program Physics Beyond The Standard Model At Low And Intermediate Energies.
P. Herczeg is the support of Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft Be 1092/4 - 1.
R. Bryan is the publication of A. Gersten.
E.C.G. Sudarshan is the publication of M. Simonius.
M. Simonius is the publication of D. Wyler.
W.C. Haxton is the publication of E.M. Henley.
P. Herczeg is the publication of N.R. Roberson.
Adelberger is the publication of W.C. Haxton.
I.S. Towner is the publication of A.C. Hayes.
Gudkov is the publication of X.-He.
B.H.J. Mckellar is the publication of Gudkov.
M. Beyer is the publication of M. Beyer.
A. Hoering is the publication of M.J. Musolf.
Crewther is the publication of P. Di Vecchia.
G. Veneziano is the publication of E. Witten.
Altarev is the publication of Smith.
Pendlebury is the publication of Montanet.
Particle Data Group is the publication of P. Herczeg.
J. Kambor is the publication of M. Simonius.
J. Engel is the publication of P. Frampton.
J. Engel is the publication of R. Springer.
C. Itzykson is the publication of J.-B. Zuber.
Ressell is the publication of P. Vogel.
Cheung is the publication of H.E. Henrikson.
F. Boehm is the publication of Cheung.
Khriplovich is the publication of F.E. Close.
A. Le Yaouanc is the publication of L. Oliver.
O. Pene is the publication of J.-C. Raynal.
R.K. Bhaduri is the publication of R.K. Bhaduri.
M.A. Shifman is the publication of A.I. Vainshtein.
V.I. Zakharov is the publication of R. Machleidt.
K. Holinde is the publication of Ch. Elster.
N. Isgur is the publication of G. Karl.
M.M. Giannini is the publication of M. Weyrauch.
M. Beyer is the publication of S.K. Singh.