Exotic Hydrogen-Like Atoms is the formation of Highly Excited States.
Negative Particles stops Hydrogen.
Exotic Atoms is the deexcitation of Ground State.
Exotic Atoms is the proceeds via of Intermediate States.
Intermediate States reachs Ground State.
Exotic Atoms takes Nuclear Reaction.
Experimental Studies is the not fully understood of Kinetics.
Exotic Hydrogen-Like Atoms is the addresses of Precision Spectroscopy Methods.
Experimental Data is the appropriate to of Last Stage Of The Atomic Cascade.
X-Ray Yields is the appropriate to of Products Of Weak Or Strong Interaction.
Experimental Data is the appropriate to of Low Angular Momentum States.
Theoretical Backgrounds requires Low-Lying States.
Theoretical Backgrounds requires Highly Excited States.
Exotic Hydrogen-Like Atoms is the treatment of of Non-Reactive Scattering Processes.
Non-Reactive Scattering Processes is the treatment of of Elastic Scattering.
Non-Reactive Scattering Processes is the treatment of of Stark Transitions.
Non-Reactive Scattering Processes is the treatment of of Coulomb Deexcitation.
Stark Transitions is the affect population of of Sublevels.
Stark Transitions is the together with of Elastic Scattering.
Classical Paper is the treatment by of Leon And Bethe.
Stark Transitions is the treatment based on of Adiabatic Description.
Stark Transitions gives Adiabatic Description.
Stark Transitions studys Close-Coupling Approach.
Stark Transitions uses Dipole Approximation.
Stark Transitions takes Electron Screening Effect.
Stark Transitions calculates Cross Sections.
Coulomb Deexcitation is the less defined for of Low Principal Quantum Numbers.
Coulomb Deexcitation performs Bracci And Fiorentini.
Coulomb Deexcitation is the within of Semiclassical Approach.
Coulomb Deexcitation considers Adiabatic Hidden Crossing Theory.
Coulomb Deexcitation performs Classical-Trajectory Monte-Carlo Approach.
Coulomb Deexcitation gives Advanced Adiabatic Approach.
Coulomb Deexcitation is the reasons not clear of Strong Discrepancy.
Coulomb Deexcitation is the unified treatment in of Close-Coupling Approach.
Coulomb Deexcitation calculates Differential And Integral Cross Sections.
Coulomb Deexcitation includes Energy Shifts.
Coulomb Deexcitation is the allows to obtain of Self-Consistent Description.
Coulomb Deexcitation illustrates Partial Cross Section.
Open Channels includes Exotic Atom States.
Closed Channels is the effect studied of Exotic Atom States.
Hamiltonian gives Reduced Mass.
Hamiltonian gives Radius Vector.
Hamiltonian gives Inner Coordinates.
Hamiltonian gives Interaction Potential.
Interaction Potential is the interaction with target atom particles of Projectile Atom.
Interaction Potential is the sum of of Coulomb Pair Interactions.
Interaction Potential is the sum of of Hydrogen-Like Hamiltonians.
Basis States conserves Total Angular Momentum.
Basis States conserves Parity.
Total Wave Function expands Basis States.
Radial Functions defines Channel Wave Number.
Bound Energy includes Eigenvalue.
Bound Energy includes Energy Shift.
Matrix Elements obtains Electron Wave Function.
Matrix Elements reduces Multipole Expansion.
Coupled Differential Equations is the lead to of Radial Functions.
Coupled Differential Equations is the for given values of Channel Wave Number.
Coupled Differential Equations is the by numerov method of Solved Numerically.
Standing-Wave Boundary Conditions involves Real Symmetrical Matrix.
Cross Sections In Atomic Units gives Atomic Units.
Energy Dependence is the in accordance with of Wigner Threshold Law.
Distribution Over The Final States is the from the sc results of Strongly Different.
Distribution Over The Final States is the strongly of Enhanced.
Angular Distributions Of Cd is the in of Calculated For The First Time.
Angular Distributions Of Cd is the earlier in the cascade calculations of Presumed To Be Isotropic.
Xmath90 is the transition of Xmath59.
Xmath91 is the transition of Xmath59.
Xmath59 is the at energy of Xmath92.
Xmath52 is the at energy of Xmath93.
Xmath52 is the at energy of Xmath94.
Xmath52 is the transition of Xmath95.
Xmath95 is the at energy of Xmath93.
Xmath95 is the at energy of Xmath94.
Xmath0 is the for collision of Xmath96.
Xmath97 is the transition of Xmath98.
Xmath97 is the transition of Xmath99.
Xmath97 is the at energy of Xmath100.
Xmath101 is the with atom of Xmath65.
Xmath101 haves Xmath102.
Xmath65 haves Xmath102.
Xmath65 haves Xmath103.
Xmath102 bes Xmath103.
Xmath102 bes Xmath103.
Xmath0 averages Xmath52.
Xmath52 averages Xmath95.
Xmath52 is the at energy of Xmath109.
Xmath52 is the for atom of Xmath110.
Xmath52 is the for atom of Xmath110.
Xmath52 is the up to value of Xmath111.
Xmath52 is the at all energies under consideration of Xmath112.
Xmath12 is the with relative energies of Xmath112.