Bose-Einstein Condensation is the achievement of Spin-Polarized Alkali Gases.
Experimentalists is the challenge of Quantum Degenerate Conditions.
Experimentalists is the challenge of Realize Quantum Degenerate Conditions In Fermionic Alkali Vapors.
Gas Of Spin-Polarized Atomic Lithium is the prediction of Superfluid.
Ideal Fermi Gas is the theoretical study of Harmonic External Potential.
Oliva is the calculation of Atomic Deuterium.
Magnetically Trapped Deuterium is the challenge of Loading Of The Trap.
Deuterium is the challenge of Superfluid Helium Film.
Deuterium is the challenge of Surface Recombination Rate.
Deuterium is the challenge of Contaminated With Atomic Hydrogen.
Alkali Gases is the experiment of Trapped Fermi Gas.
Trapped Fermi Gas is the observation of Pauli Exclusion Principle.
Ideal Gas is the determination of Classical Turning Point.
Ideal Gas is the observation of Maxwell-Boltzmann Statistics.
Ideal Gas is the observation of Fermi-Dirac Statistics.
Degenerate Fermi Gas is the determination of Size Of The Gas Cloud.
Degenerate Fermi Gas is the observation of Density Profile.
Ideal Bose Gas is the comparison of Density Profile.
Ideal Fermi Gas is the comparison of Phase Transition.
Atomic Alkali Gases is the consideration of Central Interaction.
Central Interaction is the composition of Singlet And Triplet Interactions.
Central Interaction is the consideration of Coulomb Attractions And Repulsions.
Central Interaction is the consideration of Weak Magnetic Dipole-Dipole Interactions.
Electron-Electron Magnetic Dipole Interaction is the definition of Electron Magnetic Moment.
Electron-Electron Magnetic Dipole Interaction is the definition of Tensor Operator.
Electron-Electron Magnetic Dipole Interaction is the definition of Pauli Spin Matrices.
Atomic Hamiltonian is the consideration of Hyperfine And Zeeman Term.
Central Interaction is the consideration of Atomic Hamiltonian.
Central Interaction is the limitation of Inelastic Collisions.
Inelastic Collisions is the limitation of Lifetime Of A Trapped Alkali Gas.
Spin-Polarized Gases is the preference of Elastic Collisions.
Spin-Polarized Gases is the preference of Inelastic Collisions.
Spin-Polarized Gases is the preference of Experimental Interest.
Fermionic Alkali Gases is the phenomenon of Cooper Pairs.
Bardeen-Cooper-Schrieffer Theory is the explanation of Cooper Pairs.
Mean-Field Theory is the approach of Phase Transition.
Mean-Field Theory is the approach of Variational Wave Function.
Gross-Pitaevskii Equation is the derivation of Variational Wave Function.
Variational Wave Function is the definition of Number Of Particles.
Variational Wave Function is the definition of Phase.
Variational Wave Function is the definition of Matrix Element.
Variational Wave Function is the convenience of Mean-Field Theory.
Variational Wave Function is the convenience of Phase Transition.
Cooper Pairs is the observation of Antisymmetrization Requirement.
Cooper Pairs is the observation of Relative Angular Momentum.
Cooper Pairs is the observation of Spin Part.
Cooper Pairs is the convenience of Phase.
Cooper Pairs is the identification of Order Parameter.
Bcs Gap Parameter is the convenience of Order Parameter.
Bcs Gap Parameter is the definition of Interatomic Interaction.
Mean-Field Hamiltonian is the approximation of Chemical Potential.
Mean-Field Hamiltonian is the derivation of Density Profile.
Trapped Alkali Gases is the relevance of Chemical Potential.
Trapped Alkali Gases is the observation of Relaxation Towards Equilibrium.
Trapped Alkali Gases is the observation of Spin Space.
Trapped Alkali Gases is the observation of Equilibration Time.
Trapped Alkali Gases is the demonstration of Overlapping Condensate Experiments.
Thermal Ensemble is the requirement of Selfconsistent Theory.
Thermal Ensemble is the requirement of Mean-Field Theory.
Thermal Ensemble is the calculation of Mean Values.
Thermal Ensemble is the consistency of Mean-Field Hamiltonian.
Thermal Ensemble is the calculation of Spin-Density Profiles.
Thermal Ensemble is the calculation of Bcs Gap Parameter.
Thomas-Fermi Description is the simplification of Inhomogeneity Of The Gas.
Fermionic Alkali Gases is the relevance of Trapped Atoms.
Fermionic Alkali Gases is the relevance of Correlation Length.
Fermionic Alkali Gases is the relevance of Cooper Pairs.
Bcs Gap Equation is the derivation of Bogliubov Dispersion.
Bcs Gap Equation is the solvability of Interatomic Potential.
Gap Equation relates Two-Body Scattering Length.
Gap Equation is the similar to of Lippmann-Schwinger Equation.
Lippmann-Schwinger Equation is the describes of Two-Body Transition Matrix.
Doubly Spin-Polarized Fermi Gases is the consists of of Atoms.
Atoms is the in of Hyperfine State.
Hyperfine State is the directly related to of Interaction Matrix Element.
Interaction Matrix Element is the determines of Potential.
Potential is the involves of Electron-Electron Magnetic Dipole Interaction.
Born Approximation is the utilizes of Triplet Potential.
Triplet Potential relates Two-Body Transition Matrix.
Two-Body Transition Matrix is the directly related to of Two-Body Scattering Length.
Two-Body Scattering Length is the directly related to of Cooper Pairs.
Cooper Pairs is the describes of Wavefunction.
Wavefunction is the dependent on of Relative Wave Vector.
Wavefunction is the leads to of Superfluid.
Superfluid is the affects of Critical Temperature.
Trap is the utilizes of Bcs Gap Equation.
Bcs Gap Equation is the involves of Electron-Electron Magnetic Dipole Interaction Scattering Length.
Electron-Electron Magnetic Dipole Interaction Scattering Length is the determines of Critical Temperature.
Electron-Electron Magnetic Dipole Interaction Scattering Length relates Experiment.
Density locates Trap.
Trap is the determines of Critical Temperature.
Feshbach Resonance is the utilizes of Two-Body Transition Matrix.
Two-Body Transition Matrix substitutes Bcs Gap Equation.
Bcs Gap Equation solves Ansatz.
Ansatz is the contains of Spherical Components.
Spherical Components is the components of of Vector.
Vector is the affects of Superfluid.
Superfluid requires Mechanical Stability.
Mixture Of Two Hyperfine States is the involves of Many-Body Effect.
Many-Body Effect is the leads to of Phase Separation.
Phase Separation is the affects of Magnetization.
Magnetization is the determines of Free-Energy Surface.
Free-Energy Surface relates Free Energy.
Free Energy is the dependent on of Spin Densities.
Spin Densities locates Trap.
Trap is the determines of Chemical Potential.
Chemical Potential is the determines of Renormalized Chemical Potentials.
Renormalized Chemical Potentials relates Luttinger-Kohn Instability.
Luttinger-Kohn Instability is the involves of Phonon.
Phonon is the leads to of Bcs Pairing Transition.
Bcs Pairing Transition is the determines of Critical Temperature Estimate.
Critical Temperature Estimate requires Mechanical Stability.
Mechanical Stability is the prevents of Phase Separation.
Phase Separation is the affects of Spin Densities.
Spin Densities locates Trap.
Trap is the determines of Density Profile.
Density Profile is the affects of Condensate.
Condensate relates Experiment.
Experiment is the observes of Density Profile.
Density locates Trap.
Trap is the determines of Critical Temperature.
Trap is the determines of Density Profile.
Density Profile compares Density Profile.
Density Profile compares Density Profile.
Density Profile locates Trap.
Trap is the determines of Critical Temperature.
Trap is the determines of Critical Temperature.
Trap is the determines of Critical Temperature.
Interatomic Interaction Potential is the affects of Gaseous Bcs Superfluid.
Gaseous Bcs Superfluid relates Experimental Problems.
Experimental Problems is the causes of Short Lifetime.
Bias Magnetic Field is the enhances lifetime of Density Of Interest.
Optical Methods is the traps of High-Field Seeking States.
Bcs Transition is the arises of Necessary Conditions.
Density Profile shows Phase Transition.
Time-Of-Flight Measurements is the not appropriate of Smoking Gun.
Frequencies Of Collective Modes describes Scattering Length.
Continuity Equation gives Superfluid.
Total Current Density gives Pressure.
Conservation Of Energy is the decouples from previous equations of Specific Heats.
Density Fluctuations is the copies newton 's law of Josephson Relation.
First Sound Modes is the not affected by of Bcs Transition.
Two-Body Decay enhances Bcs Transition.
Pseudopotential is the calculates from gap parameter of Cooper Pair Wavefunction.
Magnetic Trap is the eliminates in optical trap of Two-Body Decay.
Lifetime Of Gas determines Photons.
Beam Of Atoms is the sensitive to gap parameter of Scattering Process.
Vortices is the detectable by of Atomic Beam.
Collaboration performs Ian Mcalexander.
Collaboration performs Cass Sackett.
Collaboration performs Randy Hulet.
Encouragement provides Ian Mcalexander.
Encouragement provides Cass Sackett.
Encouragement provides Randy Hulet.
Contributions provides Ian Mcalexander.
Contributions provides Cass Sackett.
Contributions provides Randy Hulet.
Discussions haves Yvan Castin.
Discussions haves Eric Cornell.
Discussions haves Jean Dalibard.
Discussions haves Allan Griffin.
Discussions haves Massimo Inguscio.
Discussions haves Tony Leggett.
Discussions haves Andrei Ruckenstein.
Discussions haves Guglielmo Tino.
Discussions haves Peter Zoller.
Support acknowledges Stichting Fundamenteel Onderzoek Der Materie (Fom).
Support is the financially supported by of Nederlandse Organisatie Voor Wetenschappelijk Onderzoek (Nwo).