Studies Of Massive Galaxy Clusters And Groups finds Environments With Little-To-No Star Formation Activity.
Environments With Little-To-No Star Formation Activity is the contrast with of Field.
Over-Dense Regions dominates Red, Passively-Evolving S0 And Elliptical Galaxies.
Over-Dense Regions is the tend to have of Sparsely-Populated Regions.
Sparsely-Populated Regions haves Galaxies With Spiral Morphologies.
Sparsely-Populated Regions haves Younger Stellar Populations.
Sparsely-Populated Regions haves Systematically Higher Star Formation Rates.
Observed Trend Of Increasing Blue Galaxy Fraction With Redshift interprets Butcher-Oemler Effect.
Butcher-Oemler Effect interprets Higher Star Formation Activity And Stellar Mass Build-Up In Higher Redshift Clusters.
Butcher-Oemler Effect interprets Star Formation Quenched More Recently By One Or More Processes In Over-Dense Regions.
Physical Mechanisms is the account for of Quenching Of Star Formation In Over-Dense Regions.
Galaxies In Environments With Sufficiently Low Velocity Dispersions is the can be of Strongly Perturbed By Mergers.
Galaxies is the can be of Transformed More Gradually By An Ensemble Of Small Perturbations With Neighbors.
Galaxies transforms Harassment.
Tidal Forces is the can of Strip Away A Galaxy'S Halo Gas.
Strip Away A Galaxy'S Halo Gas leads Cutting Off A Fuel Source For Future Star Formation.
High-Density Cores Of Massive Clusters is the can quench star formation by of Hot Intra-Cluster Medium (Icm).
Hot Intra-Cluster Medium (Icm) is the can quench star formation by of Removing Gas From Galaxies Via Ram-Pressure Stripping.
Relative Strengths Of Physical Mechanisms bes Dependent On The Cluster Or Group Properties And Environment.
Targeted Studies Of Galaxy Clusters Or Groups haves Overwhelming Evidence That Galaxy Transformation Occurs Not Just In Dense Cluster Cores.
Targeted Studies Of Galaxy Clusters Or Groups haves But At Lower Densities Characteristic Of Cluster Outskirts Or Galaxy Groups.
Studies With Star Formation Tracers In The Ir, Uv, And Optical Emission-Line Measures haves Evidence Of Pre-Processing.
Pre-Processing Hypothesis haves Supported By Studies Of Environmental Dependence On Galaxy Morphology.
Pre-Processing Hypothesis haves Supported By Studies Of Environmental Dependence On Galaxy Colour.
Numerical Simulations haves Used To Study Causes And Implications Of Galaxy Pre-Processing.
Numerical Simulations shows Showed That Dominant Physical Processes Galaxies Are Likely Subjected To In Group Environments.
Numerical Simulations determines Determined What Fraction Of Cluster Galaxies Had Resided In Haloes Characteristic Of Group-Masses For A Long Enough Time To Have Been Pre-Processed Prior To Entering The Cluster.
Fraction Of Cluster Galaxies Affected By Pre-Processing In The Simulation is the depends on of Depends On The Assumed Timescale For The Physical Process(Es) In Group Environments To Affect Galaxies.
Fraction Of Cluster Galaxies Affected By Pre-Processing In The Simulation haves Has A Stellar Mass Dependence.
Quenching Of Star Formation In Cosmic History bes Primarily Driven By Two Distinct Components: Secular Evolution And Environmentally-Driven Processes.
Recent Studies haves Suggested That The Quenching Of Star Formation Activity In Cosmic History Is Primarily Driven By Two Distinct Components.
Recent Studies haves Separable Components: Secular Evolution And Environmentally-Driven Processes.
Attempt To Examine The Environmental Dependence On Galaxy Evolution is the must include of Must Include A Careful Account For The Possibility That One'S Galaxy Selection Function Has Mass Biases.
Concerns About Biases Introduced By The Galaxy Selection Function bes Are Compounded When Examining Galaxies Over A Wide Range In Redshift.
Concerns About Biases Introduced By The Galaxy Selection Function bes Are Compounded When Examining Galaxies Over A Wide Range In Redshift.
Studies Extending To Higher-Redshift is the tend to of Tend To Sample A Smaller Dynamic Range Of Environments.
Comprehensive View Of Galaxy Evolution In Different Environments is the must be sensitive to of Must Be Sensitive To A Large Dynamic Range Of Local Densities.
Comprehensive View Of Galaxy Evolution In Different Environments is the must be sensitive to of Must Be Sensitive To A Large Dynamic Range Of Local Densities.
Wide Range Of Methods Employed To Characterize Environment bes Wide Range Of Methods Employed To Characterize Environment.
Recent Study uses Used An Array Of Different Environmental Mapping Techniques.
Recent Study is the found of Found That Nearest-Neighbour Methods Appear To Be Optimal For Mapping Density Fields Within Massive Haloes.
Recent Study is the found of Found That Fixed-Aperture Methods Are Better Suited For Probing Superhalo Distance Scales.
Coma Supercluster bes Ideal Field To Observe Signatures Of Galaxy Transformation In Different Environments.
Coma Supercluster is the contains of Contains Two Rich Galaxy Clusters, Abell 1656 And Abell 1367.
Coma Supercluster is the contains of Contains Several Galaxy Groups Distributed In A Filamentary Pattern Between The Two Clusters.
Abell 1656 bes Relaxed.
Abell 1367 is the still undergoing of Still Undergoing Significant Merging.
Spectroscopically Complete Sample is the ensures of Ensures That Sample Of Galaxies Is Taken From The Sloan Digital Sky Survey (Sdss) Is Complete Down To Dwarf Masses.
Spectroscopically Complete Sample dos Does Not Have To Rely On Photometric Redshift Measurements.
Mapping The Environments Of The Supercluster is the employs of Employs Two Complementary Techniques: Voronoi Tessellation (Vt) And The Minimal Spanning Tree (Mst).
Voronoi Tessellation (Vt) is the can measure of Can Measure The Local Density Field Effectively Over The Large Dynamic Range Of Densities In The Coma Supercluster.
Minimal Spanning Tree (Mst) bes Is Most Effective At Characterizing Continuous Structures Like Clusters, Groups, And Filaments.
Combined Vt And Mst Approach is the allows to select of Allows To Select Discrete Components Of The Cosmic Web By Exploiting The Fundamental Density Contrasts Of The Cluster, Group, Filament, And Void Environments.
Proximity Of Target Field is the ensures of Ensures Sensitivity To Low Star Formation Rates.
Proximity Of Target Field is the ensures of Ensures Sensitivity To Low Star Formation Rates.
Xcite uses Sdss.
Xcite examines Coma.
Xcite characterises Agn.
Xcite quenchs Dwarf Galaxies.
Xcite is the weaker dependence on local density of Massive Galaxies.
Xcite uses Spitzer Mips.
Xcite finds A1656.
Xcite finds A1367.
Xcite accesss Wise All-Sky Survey.
Xcite is the first look sensitive to un-obscured and dust-obscured sf activity of Supercluster.
Xcite selects Sdss.
Xcite selects Galaxies.
Xcite mitigates Agn.
Xcite excludes Galaxies.
Xcite uses Stellar Mass.
Xcite matchs Wise.
Xcite measures Wise.
Xcite uses Wise.
Xcite maps Lss.
Voronoi Tessellation is the characterization of Galaxy Density Field.
Galaxy Density Field is the density measurement of Galaxy.
Galaxy Density Field is the correlation of Coma Supercluster.
Galaxy Density Field is the data inclusion of Sdss Dr9.
Voronoi Tessellation is the calculation of Qhull Function.
Qhull Function is the calculation of Convex Hulls.
Voronoi Tessellation is the complementary of Mst.
Dwarf K+A Galaxies is the comparison of Parent Supercluster Galaxy Sample.
Dwarf K+A Galaxies is the selection of Criteria.
Spectral Characteristics is the indication of Line Measurements.