Phenomenological Approach is the describes of Multiplicity Distribution.
Qcd Formalism applys Multiplicity Distribution.
Qcd Formalism fails Solution.
Exact Solutions Of Qcd Equations reveals Cumulant Moments.
Parton Distributions supports Hadrons.
Qcd gives Intermittency.
Qcd gives Fractality.
Truncated Generating Functions is the possess intriguing pattern in complex plane of Lee-Yang Zeros.
Grand Canonical Partition Function relates Singularity.
Multiplicity Distribution is the defines of Factorial Moments.
Factorial Moments is the sensitive to nearby singularity of generating function of Average Multiplicity.
Factorial Moments is the increase with decrease of average multiplicity of Fluctuations.
Intermittency Indices inspires Power-Law Behavior.
Feynman Graphs is the considers evolution of jet of Jet.
Feynman Graphs is the hits phase-space window of Subjet.
Fractal Structure is the stronger in small phase-space regions of Fluctuations.
Singularity is the influences behavior of moments of Factorial Moments.
Expansion Parameter relates Multiparticle Production.
Expansion Parameter uses Feynman Tree Graphs.
Coherent State Basis is the more suitable for lasers of Laser.
Truncated Generating Functions is the point out of Point.
Truncated Generating Functions is the provoke of Speculations.
Truncated Generating Functions is the relation to of Relation.
Relation relates Problem.
Problem relates Phase Transition.
Phase Transition relates Hadronic Matter.
Qcd predicts Success.
Qcd predicts Qualitative Features.
Qualitative Features is the of multiplicity distributions of Moments.
Moments is the for large regions of Phase-Space Regions.
Phase-Space Regions is the oscillation of of Cumulants.
Phase-Space Regions is the for small bins of Intermittency Indices.
Intermittency Indices relates Fractality.
Qcd is the even more of Surprising.
Qcd is the for parton distributions of Derived.
Parton Distributions observes Hadrons.
Qualitative Features is the reveal in of Hadron Distributions.
Local Parton-Hadron Duality is the persists even at of Higher Moments.
Higher Moments bes Open Question.
Problem appears Evolution.
Evolution is the of of Minimum Location.
Minimum Location is the at of Smaller Bins.
Solution is the show to of Way.
Way is the to take into account of Higher Order Effects.
Conclusion is the of multiplicity distributions of Theoretical Studies.
Theoretical Studies is the predict of Exotic Features.
Exotic Features is the of the distributions of Moments.
Moments is the find in of Support.
Support is the in of Experiment.
Support is the provoke to of Problems.
Fit is the by of Negative Binomial Distribution.
Negative Binomial Distribution is the with of Parameters.
Fit bes Solid Line.
Solid Line is the guide of Eye.
Behavior is the of of Ratio.
Ratio is the of factorial of Cumulant.
Rank is the as a function of of Delphi Collaboration.
Minimum Shifts is the to of Higher.
Minimum Shifts is the for of Smaller Bins.
Locations is the of the truncated generating function of Zeros.
Ua5-Data is the for of Interactions.
Ua5-Data is the at of Rapid.
Rapid is the in of Various Rapidity Windows.
Upper Halfplane is the because of of Up-Down Symmetry.
Experimental Information sees Talk.
Talk is the at of G. Gianini.
G. Gianini is the at of Multiparticle Dynamics-95.