Proto-Neutron Star is the evolution of Neutron Star.
Proto-Neutron Star is the origin of Supernova Explosion.
Proto-Neutron Star is the dependence of Neutrinos.
Proto-Neutron Star is the collapse of Black Hole.
Proto-Neutron Star is the dependence of Equation Of State (Eos).
Proto-Neutron Star is the dependence of Opacity Of Neutrinos.
Equation Of State (Eos) is the condition of Exotic Matter.
Exotic Matter is the effect of Neutrino Signature.
Neutrino Signature is the observation of Terrestrial Detectors.
Exotic Matter is the appearance of Kaons.
Kaons is the effect of Neutron Star.
Neutron Star is the effect of Neutrino Signature.
Neutron Star is the effect of Structure.
Structure is the effect of Mass-Radius Relation.
Structure is the effect of Maximum Mass.
Kaon Condensation is the effect of Neutron Star.
Kaon Condensation is the influence of Eos.
Kaon Condensation is the determinant of Scalar Interactions.
Scalar Interactions is the influence of Phase Transition.
Scalar Interactions is the influence of Thermal Properties.
Kaon Condensation is the summary of Phase Diagrams.
Lagrangians is the derivation of Thermodynamic Properties.
Lagrangians is the description of Baryons.
Lagrangians is the description of Kaon Fields.
Kaon Fields is the interaction of Vector Field.
Kaon Fields is the identification of Kaon Current Density.
Kaon Fields is the effect of Scalar Interactions.
Scalar Interactions is the effect of Phase Transition.
Kaonlag is the generalization of Kapusta.
Kapusta is the transformation of Real Fields.
Real Fields is the determination of Conjugate Momenta.
Conjugate Momenta is the calculation of Hamiltonian Density.
Hamiltonian Density is the representation of Grand Canonical Ensemble.
Chemical Potential is the requirement of Chemical Equilibrium.
Matsubara Frequency is the incorporation of Grand Canonical Ensemble.
Grand Canonical Ensemble is the calculation of Kaon Pressure.
Kaon Pressure is the determination of Kaon Number Density.
Kaon Number Density is the calculation of Bose Occupation Probability.
Kaon Energy Density is the calculation of Kaon Entropy Density.
Kaon Entropy Density is the definition of Condensate Amplitude.
Condensate Amplitude is the extremization of Total Grand Potential.
Total Grand Potential is the implication of Neutron Star Matter.
Neutron Star Matter is the requirement of Charge Neutral.
Charge Neutral is the condition of Mixed Phase.
Nucleon Interactions is the requirement of Kaon Interactions.
Kaon Interactions is the determination of Optical Potential.
Neutron-Rich Nuclei is the context of Baryon Density.
Chemical Potential is the determines of Density.
Density is the onset of of Kaon Condensation.
Neutron Star Matter is the determines of Nuclear Symmetry Energy.
Potential Model Calculations is the density dependence of of Nuclear Symmetry Energy.
Potential Model Calculations is the results in of Kaon Condensation.
Field-Theoretical Models is the varies with of Nuclear Symmetry Energy.
Field-Theoretical Models is the leads to of Kaon Condensation.
Pure Neutron Matter is the discourages of Kaon Condensation.
Kaon Energy is the behavior affects of Kaon Condensation.
Field-Theoretical Models is the density varies with of Kaon Condensation.
Kaon Condensation is the occurs at of Density.
Kaon Condensation is the threshold below of Density.
Kaon Condensation is the temperature becomes very small of Temperature.
Kaon Condensation is the temperature increases of Temperature.
Kaon Condensation is the temperature persists to high densities of Temperature.
Kaon Condensation is the temperature enhancement in mixed phase regime of Temperature.
Kaon Condensation is the temperature drop in presence of additional fermionic degrees of freedom of Temperature.
Kaon Condensation is the temperature increase due to dropping effective mass of Temperature.
Kaon Condensation is the presence shifts critical density of Neutrinos.
Kaon Condensation is the density decreases with neutrino leakage of Neutrinos.
Kaon Condensation is the eventually forms with neutrino leakage of Neutrinos.
Kaon Condensation suppresss Neutrinos.
Kaon Condensation is the shifts critical density with trapped neutrinos of Neutrinos.
Kaon Condensation is the presence at all densities of Neutrinos.
Kaon Condensation is the critical density pushed to higher density with trapped neutrinos of Neutrinos.
Kaon Condensation is the minimum lepton concentration increases with density of Neutrinos.
Kaon Condensation is the minimum lepton concentration decreases above phase transition density of Neutrinos.
Kaon Condensation is the transition density decreases with neutrino leakage of Neutrinos.
Kaon Condensation is the transition density pushed to higher densities with trapped neutrinos of Neutrinos.
Kaon Condensation is the transition density relatively independent of temperature of Neutrinos.
Kaon Condensation is the heating has little effect on condensate appearance of Neutrinos.
Kaon Condensation is the mixed phase persists to high temperatures of Neutrinos.
Kaon Condensation is the mixed phase exists up to high temperatures of Neutrinos.
Chiral Lagrangian is the results in of Phase Transition.
Phase Transition is the occurs at of Temperature.
Higher Order Operators is the affects of Phase Transition.
Finite Temperatures is the less pronounced than at zero temperature of Effects Of Condensation.
Optical Potential is the affects of Phase Transition.
Phase Transition is the becomes second order at high temperatures of Kaon Condensation.
Neutrino Trapping is the influences whether phase transition is first or second order of Phase Transition.
Temperature is the occurs at range of 3060 mev of Phase Transition.
Interactions is the depend on interactions of Temperature.
Finite Temperatures is the thermodynamics become similar to second order phase transition of Phase Transition.
Thermal Kaons is the suppresses and moves to higher densities of Condensate.
Trapped Neutrinos is the suppresses and moves to higher densities of Condensate.
Phase Transition is the affects phase boundaries of Baryon Density.
Phase Transition is the affects phase boundaries of Lepton Number.
Phase Transition is the affects phase boundaries of Baryon Density.
Phase Transition is the affects phase boundaries of Temperature.
Critical Temperatures is the determines critical temperatures of Phase Transition.
Critical Temperatures is the depend on interactions of Interaction.
Surface Energies is the affects surface energies of Temperature.
Melting Temperatures is the affects melting temperatures of Temperature.
Thermal Effects is the affects gravitational mass of Gravitational Mass.
Thermal Effects is the affects neutron stars of Neutron Stars.
Thermal Effects is the affects protoneutron stars of Protoneutron Stars.
Thermal Effects is the affects maximum mass of Maximum Mass.
Thermal Effects is the affects collapse of Collapse.
U.S. Department Of Energy is the acknowledges support of Contract Numbers.
Research Support is the acknowledges support of Grant.
Meson Exchange Model is the compares to of Chiral Approach.
Kaplan And Nelson develops Chiral Approach.
Scalar Self-Coupling Terms includes Chiral Approach.
Baryons is the considers as baryons of Nucleons.
Nucleons is the uses in lagrangian of Walecka Lagrangian.
Thermodynamic Potential is the compares to of Meson Exchange Model.
Meson Fields is the affects thermodynamic potential of Thermodynamic Potential.
Meson is the affects thermodynamic potential of Thermodynamic Potential.
Nucleon Effective Masses is the uses values suggested by of Politzer And Weise.
Strange Quark Mass is the affects nucleon effective masses of Nucleon Effective Masses.
Kaon-Nucleon Sigma Term is the affects nucleon effective masses of Nucleon Effective Masses.
Equations Of Motion is the determines thermodynamics of Thermodynamics.
Grand Potential is the compares to of Meson Exchange Model.
Linear Kaon Self-Interactions is the considers in model of Meson Exchange Model.
Mean Field Approximation is the determines order of phase transition of Phase Transition.
Degenerate Minima is the determines type of phase transition of Phase Transition.
Critical Density is the affects phase transition of Phase Transition.
Charge Neutrality is the determines electron chemical potential of Critical Density.
Gm+Gs Model is the uses in potential calculation of Thermodynamic Potential.
Kaon Number Density is the determines phase transition type of Gm+Gs Model.
Non-Linear Kaon Self-Interactions is the affects phase transition of Gm+Gs Model.
Phenomenological Chiral Perturbation Theory is the predicts effects of higher order interactions of Kaon Self-Interactions.
Phases I is the composition of Nucleons.
Phases I is the imposition of Gibbs Criteria.
Phases I is the occurrence of First Order Transitions.
Ii is the composition of High-Density Nucleon-Kaon Condensed Phase.
Ii is the satisfaction of Gibbs Criteria.
Kpe Choice Of The Kaon Lagrangian is the unsatisfied of Gibbs Criteria.
Scalar Field is the dependence of Phases I.
Vector Field is the dependence of Phases I.
Iso-Vector Field is the dependence of Phases I.
Chemical Potential is the representation of Phases I.
Chemical Potential is the representation of Scalar Field.
Chemical Potential is the representation of Vector Field.
Chemical Potential is the representation of Iso-Vector Field.
Chemical Potential is the comparison of Electron Chemical Potential.
Chemical Potential is the comparison of Neutron Chemical Potential.
Charge Densities is the dependence of Phases I.
Volume Fraction is the dependence of Phases I.
Baryon Density is the function of Charge Densities.
Gravitational Mass is the dependence of Central Baryon Number Density.
Gravitational Mass is the dependence of Stellar Radius.
Kaon Energy is the dependence of Isospin Content.
Kaon Energy is the dependence of Phases I.
Kaon Energy is the dependence of Phases Ii.
Relative Concentrations is the function of Baryon Number Density.
Relative Concentrations is the comparison of Hadrons.
Relative Concentrations is the comparison of Leptons.
Thermodynamic Potential is the function of Condensate Order Parameter.