Formation And Bose-Einstein Condensation Of Molecules achieves Bec.
Ultracold Atoms bases Magnetically-Tuned Feshbach Resonances.
Feshbach Coupling is the induces of Foreign Molecular State.
Foreign Molecular State is the allows for of Scattering Continuum.
Colliding Atoms transfers Molecules.
Alkali Atoms is the applies to of Ultracold Molecules.
Bose Condensates is the applies to of Ultracold Molecules.
Degenerate Fermi Gases is the applies to of Feshbach Molecules.
Thermal Gases is the applies to of Feshbach Molecules.
Feshbach Molecules haves Quantum State.
Feshbach Molecules is the couples via of Scattering Continuum.
Molecular States investigates Feshbach Resonances.
Two-Body Theory investigates Feshbach Resonances.
Many-Body Theory investigates Feshbach Resonances.
Multi-Channel Scattering Calculations investigates Feshbach Resonances.
Two-Channel Model is the describes of Interacting Atoms.
Spherical Box Potential is the introduces of Interacting Atoms.
Molecular Bound State is the calculates of Interacting Atoms.
Finite Interaction Range is the accounts for of Interacting Atoms.
Fermi Gas Experiments applys Two-Channel Model.
Magnetic Field is the adjusts of Feshbach Resonances.
Magnetic Field is the induces of Zeeman Shift.
Magnetic Field is the proportional to of Resonance Width.
Magnetic Field offsets Resonance Position.
Feshbach Coupling Strength is the proportional to of Resonance Width.
Feshbach Coupling Strength is the proportional to of Resonance Position.
Binding Energy supports Bound Eigen State.
Bound Eigen State is the near of Scattering Continuum.
Contact Potential bases Bound Eigen State.
Level Crossing is the shows of Bound Eigen State.
Mixing Angle is the defines of Bound Eigen State.
Mixing Amplitude is the introduces of Bound Eigen State.
Mixing Fraction is the evaluates of Bound Eigen State.
Single Channel Molecules compares Bound Eigen State.
Interaction Range is the determines of Bound Eigen State.
Long-Range Atom Pairs is the identical to of Bound Eigen State.
Closed Channel Fraction is the estimates of Bound Eigen State.
Threshold Regime is the determines of Bound Eigen State.
Resonance Shift is the explains of Bound Eigen State.
Bare State is the closes of Resonance Shift.
Quantum Uncertainty is the determines of Resonance Shift.
Feshbach Molecules relates Crossover Regime.
Li Resonance is the indicates of Gas Parameter.
Li Resonance is the explains difference of Difference.
Li Resonance is the different from of Couplings.
Li Resonance is the different from of Background Scattering Length.
Fermi Energy is the depends on of Density.
Feshbach Molecules is the depends on of Single Channel.
Feshbach Molecules is the classifies of Parameter.
Feshbach Resonances provides Two-Channel Model.
Molecular State is the near of Feshbach Resonances.
Molecular Binding Energy is the agrees with of Measurements.
Molecular Binding Energy is the agrees with of Calculations.
Bound State is the assess broadness of Dimensionless Parameter.
Author is the partially supported by of Support.