Gauge/Gravity Duality is the application of of Hadronic Physics.
Holographic Dual Models Of Qcd is the model of of Confinement.
Holographic Dual Models Of Qcd is the model of of Chiral Symmetry Breaking.
Holographic Dual Models Of Qcd is the model of of Static Hadronic Observables.
Holographic Dual Models Of Qcd is the model of of Decay Constants.
Holographic Dual Models Of Qcd is the model of of Masses.
Holographic Dual Models Of Qcd is the model of of Bottom-Up Approaches.
Bottom-Up Approaches is the reproduce properties using of 5-Dimensional (5D) Ads Bulk.
Hard-Wall Ads/Qcd Model is the model of of Confinement.
Hard-Wall Ads/Qcd Model is the model of of Form Factors.
Hard-Wall Ads/Qcd Model is the model of of Wave Functions.
Hard-Wall Ads/Qcd Model is the model of of Pion.
Soft-Wall Model is the model of of Pion Properties.
Soft-Wall Model is the model of of Gell-Mann Oakes Renner Relation.
Soft-Wall Model is the model of of Quark Mass.
Soft-Wall Model is the model of of Pion Mass.
Soft-Wall Model is the model of of Pion Coupling.
Soft-Wall Model is the model of of Pion Wave-Function Equation.
Soft-Wall Model is the model of of Pion Electric Radius.
Holographic Parameters Space is the study in of Pion Electric Radius.
Holographic Wave Functions is the similar to of Vector Mesons.
Holographic Wave Functions is the similar to of Pion.
Pion is the study in of Pion Properties.
Qcd Resonances is the correspond to of Kaluza-Klein (Kk) Excitations.
Qcd Resonances is the correspond to of Sliced Ads Background.
Vector Mesons is the correspond to of Kaluza-Klein (Kk) Excitations.
Vector Mesons is the correspond to of Transverse Vector Gauge Field.
Axial-Vector Mesons is the correspond to of Transverse Vector Gauge Field.
Axial-Vector Mesons is the correspond to of Pion Field.
4D Vector And Axial-Vector Currents is the correspondence of 5D Gauge Fields.
Chiral Field is the contains of Chiral Symmetry Breaking Parameters.
Chiral Field is the contains of Quark Mass.
Chiral Field is the contains of Quark Condensate.
Equation Of Motion is the determines physics of of Axial-Vector Mesons.
Bulk-To-Boundary Propagator introduces Axial-Vector Mesons.
Pion Wave Function determines Pion.
Pion Wave Function determines Massless Pion.
Pion Electromagnetic Form Factor is the needs of 3-Point Correlation Functions.
3-Point Correlation Functions includes External Em Current.
3-Point Correlation Functions includes Axial Currents.
3-Point Correlation Functions includes Pion.
Pion Electromagnetic Form Factor Contributions is the contribute to of Third-Order Action Terms.
Pion Electromagnetic Form Factor Contributions is the contribute to of Vector Field.
Pion Electromagnetic Form Factor Contributions is the contribute to of Bulk-To-Boundary Propagator For Vector Field.