Galactic Plane Surveys reveals Infrared Dark Clouds.
Infrared Dark Clouds identifys Diffuse Galactic Mid-Infrared Background.
Infrared Dark Clouds embeds Cores.
Infrared Dark Clouds is the formation of Massive Stars.
Infrared Dark Clouds is the formation of Proto-Clusters.
Infrared Dark Clouds observes Young Massive Stars.
Infrared Dark Clouds compares Solar Neighborhood Clouds.
Solar Neighborhood Clouds compares Orion.
Solar Neighborhood Clouds compares M17.
Solar Neighborhood Clouds compares Perseus.
Solar Neighborhood Clouds compares Ophiuchus.
Solar Neighborhood Clouds compares Taurus.
Solar Neighborhood Clouds compares Pipe Nebula.
Papers I finds Larger Masses.
Biases is the counter of Other Factors.
Case A assumes Bright Ir Foregrounds.
Case B appears Fainter Foregrounds.
Masses is the lower by factor of Factor 40.
Irdcs is the affect data for of Msf Regions.
Irdcs is the affect data for of Irdcs.
Irdcs is the likely come from of Observational Uncertainties.
Irdcs is the not typical for of Irdcs.
Irdcs is the exclude from samples of Irdcs.
Irdcs is the less compact than derived of Irdcs.
Spitzer is the list for of Irdc Angular Sizes.
Spitzer is the list for of Column Densities.
Spitzer covers Galactic Plane.
Galactic Star-Forming Gas is the gauge of Irdc Characteristics.
Galactic Star Forming Regions is the gauge of Galactic Star Forming Regions.
Galactic Star Forming Regions is the early state of of Galactic Star Forming Regions.
Galactic Star Forming Regions is the gauge of Irdc Characteristics.
Galactic Star Forming Regions is the probably gauge of Galactic Star Forming Regions.
Galactic Star Forming Regions is the typical reservoir of of Galactic Star Forming Regions.
Solar Neighborhood Clouds is the devoid of of Massive Stars.
Star Formation Timescale is the slower than of Free-Fall Timescale.
Star Formation Timescale is the constant of of Gravity Constant.
Gravity Constant is the volume-averaged of Volume-Averaged Density.
Spherical Symmetry relates Mass.
Mass relates Size.
Mass relates Density.
Mass relates Mass.
Mass relates Size.
Mass relates Density.
Mass relates Mass.
Mass Reservoir is the larger than of Mass.
Star Formation Efficiency is the necessary of Mass Reservoir.
Cloud Collapse is the yield if initiated inside of Massive Star.
Cloud Fragments is the reside within of Msf Clouds.
Power Laws is the describe by of Msf Clouds.
Power Laws is the structure of of Msf Clouds.
Power Laws is the global structure of of Msf Clouds.
Densest Patches is the characterize of Irdcs.
Dust Properties is the indicate of Irdcs.
Pre-Msf Sites concentrates Opaque Irdcs.
Opaque Irdcs is the constitute of Good Msf Candidates.
Galactic Star Formation is the might come from of Irdcs.
Galactic Star Formation is the likely come from of Star-Forming Gas.
Solar Neighborhood Clouds is the observations of of Msf Clouds.
Extinction Studies models Diffuse Galactic Emission.