Supernovae is the study of of Galaxies.
Supernovae is the involves of Types.
Types is the subtype of of Sne_Ii.
Types is the subtype of of Sne_I.
Types is the subtype of of Sne_Ia.
Types is the subtype of of Sne_Ib.
Types is the subtype of of Sne_Ic.
Types is the subtype of of Sne_Ii-P.
Types is the subtype of of Sne_Ii-L.
Types is the subtype of of Sne_Iin.
Types is the subtype of of Sne_Iib.
Sne_Ia produces White Dwarf.
Sne_Ib produces Massive Stars.
Sne_Ic produces Massive Stars.
Sne_Ii produces Massive Stars.
Sne_Ia uses Hubble Constant.
Hubble Constant is the determines of Acceleration.
Sne_Ii-P uses Expanding Photosphere Method.
Sne_Ii-P uses Brightness.
Sne_Ii-P uses Age.
Sne_Ii-P uses Spectroscopy.
Sne_Ii-P uses Photometry.
Sne_Ii-P uses Redshift.
Sne_Ii-P uses Variability.
Sne_Iin bases Spectral Energy Distribution.
Sne_Iib bases Spectral Energy Distribution.
Sne is the belongs to of Spectroscopically Defined Subtypes Ii - P , Iin , And Iib.
Sne includes Luminous Hypernovae.
Sne includes Faint Sn 1987A - Like Events.
Sne includes Sn Impostors.
Sne is the belongs to of Sn Types.
Sn Types includes Ia.
Sn Types includes Ib.
Sn Types includes Ic.
Sn Types includes Ii - P.
Sn Types includes Iin.
Sn Types includes Iib.
Sne is the mentions of Iau Circulars.
Sne is the mentions of Spectral Database.
Spectral Database includes Optical Spectra.
Optical Spectra obtains Shane 3-M Reflector.
Optical Spectra obtains Lick Observatory.
Optical Spectra obtains Parallactic Angle.
Optical Spectra removes Telluric Lines.
Optical Spectra corrects Galactic Reddening.
Galactic Reddening uses Schlegel , Finkbeiner , & Davis ( 1998 ).
Galactic Reddening uses Extinction Curve Of Cardelli , Clayton , & Mathis ( 1989 ).
Spectral Database selects Prototype.
Prototype includes Sn 1994D.
Prototype includes Sn 1991T.
Prototype includes Sn 1991Bg.
Optical Spectra uses Host-Galaxy Redshift.
Host-Galaxy Redshift obtains Ned Database.
Optical Spectra calculates Synthetic Colors.
Synthetic Colors calculates Johnson-Cousins Filter Systems.
Synthetic Colors uses Bessell & Brett 1988.
Synthetic Colors calculates Sdss.
Synthetic Colors displays Color-Color Diagrams.
Color-Color Diagrams uses Leibundgut ( 1988 ).
Color-Color Diagrams displays Triangular Plot.
Triangular Plot uses Sn 1999Em.
Triangular Plot uses Sn 1992H.
Triangular Plot uses Sn 2001X.
Triangular Plot uses Filippenko 1997.
Spectral Information is the contains of Sn Photometry.
Sn Photometry differentiates Sn Ia.
Sn Ia differentiates Other Types.
Sn Ia unaffecteds Host Galaxy Dust Reddening.
Sn Ii - P includes Sn 2001X - Like.
Peak Flux is the bluer than other types of Sn Ia.
Johnson - Cousins System is the comparison with of Sdss Filter System.
Sdss Filter System is the comparison with of Bessell Filters.
Bessell Filters is the comparison with of Infrared (Ir) Filters.
Sn 1991T - Like is the comparison with of Sn 1991Bg - Like.
Sn 1991Bg - Like is the comparison with of Sn 2000Cx.
Local Sne is the comparison with of Distant Sne Ia.
Sn Spectra is the comparison with of Distant Sne Ia.
Sn 1991Bg - Like Events is the comparison with of Luminous Sne Ic.
Luminous Sne Ic is the comparison with of Si Ii @Xmath91 Trough.
Sn 2001Fg reports Sdss Data.
Gamma - Ray Burst Afterglows is the comparison with of Multi - Color Wide - Field Surveys.
Stars is the comparison with of Asteroids.
Asteroids is the comparison with of Cataclysmic Variables.
Cataclysmic Variables is the comparison with of Cepheids.
Cepheids is the comparison with of Quasars.
Sdss Southern Strip is the location of of Stars.