2Deg is the reacts to of Magnetic Field.
Magnetic Field is the leads to of Magnetic Barrier.
Magnetic Field is the leads to of Hall Sensors.
Magnetic Field is the leads to of Spin Filters.
Magnetic Field is the leads to of Detectors.
Magnetic Barrier is the leads to of Spintronics Devices.
Magnetic Barrier is the leads to of Materials.
Transport Experiments reports Magnetic Barrier.
Ga[Al]As Heterostructures generates Magnetic Barrier.
Ferromagnetic Platelet generates Magnetic Barrier.
Top Gate is the tunes of Electron Density.
Ferromagnetic Films is the contains of Dysprosium.
Liquid Helium uses Temperature Insert.
Temperature Insert equips Rotatable Sample Holder.
Resistance Tensor is the determines of Electron Mobility.
Resistance Tensor is the determines of Hall Voltage.
Magnetization is the measures of Hall Resistance.
Temperature is the affects of Magnetic Barrier.
Temperature is the reduces of Magnetic Barrier.
Temperature is the affects of Thermal Smearing.
Temperature plays Thermal Smearing.
Temperature is the affects of Curie Temperature.
Temperature is the enhances of Curie Temperature.
Scattering is the assumption of 2Deg.
2Deg is the assumption of Poisson Distribution.
Poisson Distribution is the characteristic of Time Constant.
2Deg is the description of Electrons.
2Deg is the description of Modulation-Doped Ga[Al]As Heterostructure.
Electrons is the predominantly scattered at of Ionized Donors.
Ionized Donors is the description of Doping Layer.
Screened Coulomb Scattering knows Gaussian Distribution.
Gaussian Distribution is the description of Scattering Angles.
2Deg is the description of Times Of Flight.
Times Of Flight is the description of Poisson Distribution.
Poisson Distribution is the characteristic of Expectation Value.
Angles is the description of Distribution Function.
Distribution Function is the description of Angles.
Distribution Function is the description of Resistance.
Magnetic Field is the description of Fermi Energy.
Fermi Energy determines Transmission.
Angle is the description of X-Direction.
Carrier Density is the description of Dy Film.
Dy Film is the description of Schottky Barriers.
Hall Measurements is the description of Voltage Probes.
Voltage Probes is the description of Density Step.
Density Step is the description of Modified Hall Resistance.
Conductance is the description of Modes.
Modes is the description of Fermi Wavelength.
Conductance is the description of Contact Resistance.
Barrier is the description of Carrier Density.
Barrier is the description of Barrier Resistance.
Barrier Resistance is the description of Barrier Region.
Barrier Region is the description of Elastic Mean Free Paths.
Thermal Smearing is the description of Energy Dependent Conductance.
Energy Dependent Conductance is the description of Fermi Wavelength.
Fermi Wavelength is the description of Fermi-Dirac Distribution Function.
Fermi-Dirac Distribution Function is the description of Temperature.
Energy Dependent Conductance is the description of Temperature.
Zeeman Splitting is the description of G-Factor.
G-Factor is the description of Spin Polarization.
Spin Polarization is the description of Magnetic Mass Effects.
Magnetic Mass Effects is the description of In-Plane Magnetic Fields.
In-Plane Magnetic Fields is the description of Quasi-Ballistic Regime.
Quasi-Ballistic Regime is the description of Semiclassical Model.
Mobilities is the description of Hall Bars.
Hall Bars is the description of Soft Edges.
Clean Ferromagnetic Films is the description of Tunable Spin Filters.
Matthew Jenkins is the acknowledgment of Scattering.
Hengyi Xu is the acknowledgment of Scattering.
Heinrich-Heine-Universität Düsseldorf is the acknowledgment of Financial Support.