Photoelectron Spectroscopy is the study of Cuprate Superconductors.
Cuprate Superconductors is the study of Fermi Surface.
Cuprate Superconductors is the discovery of Shadow Bands.
Cuprate Superconductors is the discovery of Pseudogap.
Cuprate Superconductors is the discovery of Quasiparticle Band Structure.
Copper Oxides is the observation of Spin Charge Separation.
1D is the observation of Copper Oxides.
2D is the observation of Copper Oxides.
Exact Diagonalization Study is the investigation of Electron Removal Spectrum.
Electron Removal Spectrum is the solvable by of Bethe Ansatz.
Bethe Ansatz is the simplification of Electron Removal Spectrum.
Bethe Ansatz is the simplification of Dynamical Correlation Functions.
Bethe Ansatz is the calculation possible of Spectral Function.
Electron Removal Spectrum is the evaluation by of Lanczos Algorithm.
1D is the solvable by of Electron Removal Spectrum.
2D is the solvable by of Electron Removal Spectrum.
1D is the analysis of Scaling Properties.
2D is the analysis of Scaling Properties.
Spin Charge Separation is the existence of Spinons.
Spin Charge Separation is the existence of Holons.
Spin Charge Separation is the comparison of Spin-Charge Separation.
Spinons is the interaction of Holons.
2D scales Spinons.
2D scales Holons.
2D is the existence of Spinons.
2D is the existence of Holons.
2D is the description of Spinons.
2D is the description of Holons.
2D is the spin bags of Spinons.
2D is the spin bags of Holons.
2D is the comparison of Spin-Charge Separation.
2D is the comparison of Electron Removal Spectra.
Spinons is the interaction of Holons.
Spinons is the interaction of Holons.
Spinons is the formation of Bound States.
Holons is the formation of Bound States.
Spin-Charge Separation is the comparison of Bound States.
Spin-Charge Separation is the comparison of Spin-Charge Separation.
Spinons is the interaction of Spin-Charge Separation.
Holons is the interaction of Spin-Charge Separation.
Spin-Charge Separation is the building principle of Spectral Function.
Spinons is the formation of Spinon Band.
Holons is the formation of Holon Band.
Spinons is the relation of Nearest Neighbor Hopping Dispersion.
Holons is the relation of Nearest Neighbor Hopping Dispersion.
Spinons is the formation of Singularity Of Spectral Weight.
Holons is the formation of Singularity Of Spectral Weight.
Hole haves Propagation Mechanisms.
Propagation Mechanisms is the mechanism for propagation of String Truncation.
Propagation Mechanisms is the mechanism for propagation of Hopping Along Spiral Paths.
Hole haves Dispersion Relation.
Dispersion Relation is the explains of Degeneracy.
Degeneracy lifts Scaling Of Dispersion.
Scaling Of Dispersion is the explains of Spinon Fermi Surface.
Spinon Fermi Surface is the formation of Bound States Of Spinon And Holon.
Bound States Of Spinon And Holon is the corresponds to of Spin-Bag Like Spin Fermion.
Dynamical Density Correlation Function is the explains of Optical Conductivity.
Hole haves Pauli Exclusion Principle.
Hole haves Fermi Points.
Fermi Points is the encloses of Hole Pocket.