Michael Dinsdale works Qcd Event Shape Observables.
Michael Dinsdale works Method Of Effective Charges.
Delphi Collaboration is the found of Qcd Event Shape Observables.
Delphi Collaboration contrasts Standard Fixed-Order Perturbation Theory.
Delphi Collaboration uses Renormalization Scale.
Delphi Collaboration predicts Infrared Finite Coupling Model.
Thrust extends Method Of Effective Charges.
Thrust is the focus on of Heavy-Jet Mass.
Couplant is the satisfies of Beta-Function Equation.
Couplant relates Dimensional Transmutation Parameter.
Resummation is the part of of Renormalization Group Improvement.
Nlo Coefficient identifys Scale-Dependent Logs.
Nlo Coefficient identifys Physical Uv Logs.
Asymptotic Freedom is the dependent on of Resummation.
Branch Cut is the limits fit range of Resummed Function.
Dressed Gluon Exponentiation compares Resummed Function.
Renormalon Analysis motivates Power Corrections.
Proton Pdfs is the convolution of of Hard Scattering Cross-Sections.
Factorization Scale is the dependent on of Renormalization Scale (Dis).
Principle Of Minimal Sensitivity utilizes Saddle Point.
Parton Subprocesses performs Rg-Improvement.
Annihilation is the well-fitted by of Nlo Perturbation Theory.
Nnll is the limits ability to describe of Branch Point Problem.
Branch Point Problem is the limits ability to describe of 2-Jet Peak.
Nnll Analysis shows Nnll.
Event Shape Means mentions Dis.
Pms Approach is the reduces of Power Corrections.
Yasaman Farzan organizes Ipm Lph-06 Meeting.
Abolfazl Mirjalili organizes Esfahan.
Abolfazl Mirjalili organizes Yazd.
Abolfazl Mirjalili organizes Shiraz.
Dinsdale collaborates C.J. Maxwell.
G. Grunberg publishs Phys.
J. Abdallah publishs C29.
K. Hamacher delivers Frif Workshop On First Principles Qcd Of Hadron Jets.
Y.L. Dokshitzer collaborates B.R. Webber.
P.M. Stevenson publishs Phys.
Burby collaborates C.J. Maxwell.
C.J. Maxwell publishs Hep - Ph/9908463.
C.J. Maxwell collaborates A. Mirjalili.
S. Catani collaborates G. Turnock.
B.R. Webber publishs Hep - Ph/9411384.
E. Gardi collaborates J. Rathsman.
C. Adloff publishs H1 Collaboration.