Network bes Graph.
Network bes System.
Network bes Entity.
Graph is the consists of of Vertex.
Graph is the consists of of Edge.
Network is the arises in of Web-Based Social Media.
Web-Based Social Media includes Online Social Networks.
Network is the arises in of Data.
Data includes Interaction.
Data includes Association.
Data includes Individual.
Network is the arises in of Mobile Phones.
Mobile Phones includes Location-Aware Devices.
Mobile Phones includes Communication Patterns.
Location-Aware Devices includes Physical Proximity.
Network is the arises in of Biology.
Biology includes Neuron.
Biology includes Protein.
Biology includes Food Web.
Network is the arises in of Technology.
Technology includes Internet.
Technology includes Decentralized Form.
Decentralized Form includes Blog.
Decentralized Form includes Web.
Network is the arises in of Crawls.
Network is the arises in of Epidemiological Applications.
Network is the arises in of Web Crawling.
Network is the arises in of P2P Search.
Network is the arises in of Network Sampling.
Network Sampling is the matches of Structural Properties.
Network Sampling is the matches of Data Mining.
Network Sampling is the matches of Information Retrieval.
Network Sampling is the matches of Network Protocol Performance.
Network Sampling is the matches of Protocol Simulations.
Network Sampling is the matches of Applications.
Network Sampling is the studies of Network Sampling Biases.
Network Sampling Biases is the focuses on of Sampling Strategies.
Network Sampling Biases is the matches of Structural Representativeness.
Network Sampling Biases is the studies of Expansion.
Expansion is the matches of Expander Graphs.
Expansion is the discovers of Clusters.
Network Sampling Biases is the studies of Breadth-First Search.
Network Sampling Biases is the matches of Disease Outbreak Detection.
Network Sampling Biases is the matches of Market Research.
Classical Statistics is the focuses on of Hidden Populations.
Classical Statistics is the focuses on of Representative Subgraph Sampling.
Representative Subgraph Sampling is the focuses on of Representations.
Representative Subgraph Sampling is the focuses on of Network Topology.
Network Topology includes Power Grid.
Network Topology includes Wikipedia Voting Network.
Network Topology includes Pgp Trust Network.
Network Topology includes Citation Network.
Network Topology includes Email Network.
Network Topology includes Co-Authorship Networks.
Network Topology includes P2P File-Sharing Networks.
Network Topology includes Online Social Networks.
Network Topology includes Product Co-Purchasing Network.
Network Topology includes Datasets.
Datasets haves Undirected.
Datasets haves Unweighted.
Network is the focuses on of Link-Trace Sampling.
Link-Trace Sampling bes Link-Trace Sampling Algorithm.
Link-Trace Sampling bes Link-Tracing.
Link-Trace Sampling bes Crawling.
Link-Trace Sampling bes Online Sampling.
Link-Trace Sampling bes Neighborhood.
Link-Trace Sampling bes Induced Subgraph.
Induced Subgraph bes Subgraph Sample.
Link-Trace Sampling bes Nodes.
Link-Trace Sampling is the studies of Link-Trace Sampling Biases.
Link-Trace Sampling Biases is the focuses on of Link-Trace Sampling Strategies.
Link-Trace Sampling Biases is the studies of Link-Trace Sampling Advantages.
Link-Trace Sampling Biases is the studies of Link-Trace Sampling Process.
Link-Trace Sampling Biases is the studies of Link-Trace Sampling Properties.
Link-Trace Sampling Biases is the studies of Link-Trace Sampling Nodes Selection.
Link-Trace Sampling Biases is the studies of Breadth-First Search (Bfs).
Dfs is the similarto of Bfs.
Rw is the similarto of Bfs.
Ffs is the probabilisticversionof of Bfs.
Ffs is the probabilisticversionof of Bfs.
Ds is the studiedasalgorithm of P2P.
Sec is the studiedasalgorithm of P2P.
Xs is the basedon of Expander Graphs.
Distsim is the measureofrepresentativeness of Ds.
Hubs is the measureofrepresentativeness of Ds.
Ccloc is the measureofrepresentativeness of Dfs.
Ccglb is the measureofrepresentativeness of Dfs.
Community Reach is the measureofrepresentativeness of Dfs.
Community Reach is the measureofrepresentativeness of Rw.
Discovery Quotient is the measureofrepresentativeness of Dfs.
Discovery Quotient is the measureofrepresentativeness of Rw.
Xs Strategy is the outperforms of Rak Measure.
Xs Strategy is the outperforms of Cnm Measure.
Xs Strategy is the pushes towards inclusion of new communities of Expansion Bias.
Sec Method is the least effective in reaching different communities of Community Reach.
Sec Method is the approximation to directly sampling of High Degree Nodes.
Ds Strategy is the fails to come close to of Xs Strategy.
Bfs Strategy is the performs dismally on all three measures of Network Reach.
Random Walks biass High Degree Nodes.
Random Walks is the performs slightly better than of Bfs Strategy.
Degree Sampling is the quickly finds highest-degree nodes of Hub Inclusion.
Degree Sampling provides Discovery Quotient.
Xs Strategy is the outperforms all others in accumulating nodes from many different communities of Community Reach.
Sec Strategy is the performs quite well in practice of High Degree Nodes.
Sec Strategy is the partly depends on the tail of degree distributions of Degree Distributions.
Outbreak Detection is the predict and prevent a disease outbreak of Social Network.
Outbreak Detection is the study outbreak detection of H1N1 Flu.
Well-Connected Individuals is the catch diseases earlier of Infectious Diseases.
Well-Connected Individuals is the prevent or slow further spread of Immunizing.
Acquaintance Sampling bases Friendship Paradox.
Acquaintance Sampling is the construct sample of highly-connected individuals of Well-Connected Individuals.
Sec Method accumulates Well-Connected Individuals.
Sec Method is the outperforms in quickly zeroing in on the set of most well-connected nodes of Acquaintance Sampling.
Sec Method is the applicable in realistic scenarios of Acquaintance Sampling.
Xs Strategy is the best for of Community Reach.
Xs Strategy is the locate from diverse groups of Members.
Xs Strategy is the potential application for of Word-Of-Mouth Marketing.
Landmark-Based Methods is the compute of Distance-Based Metrics.
Landmark-Based Methods is the in of Large Networks.
Landmark-Based Methods is the select of Landmarks.
Landmark-Based Methods is the quickly compute of Network Exploration.
Landmark-Based Methods is the cover significantly better than any other strategy of Network Reach.
Network Exploration is the low on measures of of Bfs.
Bfs is the low on measures of of Network Reach.
Bfs is the pervasive use in of Social Network Data Acquisition.
Sampling Biases is the study on of Real-World Networks.
Sampling Biases is the worst performers in of Bfs.
Sampling Biases is the accumulate critical of Well-Connected Hubs.
Sampling Biases is the towards of High Expansion Nodes.
High Expansion Nodes is the in of New Portions.
High Expansion Nodes is the accumulate nodes that are uniquely different from of Sampling Biases.
High Expansion Nodes is the accumulate nodes that are simply well-connected or traversed during a bfs-based strategy of Sampling Biases.
High Expansion Nodes is the in newer and different portions of the network of Sampling Biases.
High Expansion Nodes exploits Sampling Biases.
High Expansion Nodes exploits Disease Outbreak Detection.