Electromagnetic Probes is the detection method of Real Or Virtual Photons.
Real Or Virtual Photons is the detection method of Quark-Gluon Plasma.
Energy Distribution is the measurement of Temperature Of The Plasma.
Rate Of Production is the comparison of Various Backgrounds.
Rate Of Production dominates Hadron Decay Processes.
Rate Of Production dominates Hard Processes.
Quarks is the interaction of Gluons.
Quarks is the interaction of Plasma.
Gluons is the interaction of Plasma.
Quark-Gluon Plasma is the assumption of Thermal Equilibrium.
Rate Of Production is the depends on of Momentum.
Rate Of Production is the depends on of Lepton Pair.
Rate Of Production is the depends on of Retarded Photon Polarisation Tensor.
Exponential Damping is the depends on of Momentum.
Strong Interaction Dynamics is the contains of Quarks.
Strong Interaction Dynamics is the contains of Gluons.
Effective Theory is the framework of Hard Thermal Loops (Htl).
Effective Theory is the contains of Quarks.
Effective Theory is the contains of Gluons.
Two-Loop Approximation follows Higher Loop Corrections.
Collective Effects is the affects of Plasma.
Collective Effects is the modifies of Scale.
Effective Propagators is the introduces of Theory.
Effective Vertices is the introduces of Theory.
Effective Lagrangian is the contains of Effective Propagators.
Effective Lagrangian is the contains of Effective Vertices.
Effective Lagrangian is the calculates of Observables.
Photon Production Rate is the depends on of Effective Propagators.
Photon Production Rate is the depends on of Effective Vertices.
Photon Production Rate is the calculates of Diagram.
Photon Production Rate includes Two-Loop Processes.
Bremsstrahlung Production is the production process of Photon.
Quark-Antiquark Annihilation Process is the process of Quark.
Quark-Antiquark Annihilation Process is the process of Plasma.
Collinear Singularities is the occurs in of Multi-Loop Level.
Magnetic Mass Problem is the problem of Free Energy.
Fermion Damping Rate is the affects of Fermion Lines.
Mean Free Path is the calculates of Quark.
Formation Length Of The Photon is the calculates of Photon.
Re-Scattering In The Plasma is the modifies of Two-Loop Result.
Landau-Pomeranchuk-Migdal (Lpm) Effect requires Calculation.
Thermal Green'S Function is the concerns of External Momenta.