Set Theory proposes Pattern Classification.
Set Theory proposes Information Processing.
Researchers presents Fuzzy Min Max Neural Network (Fmm).
Fuzzy Min Max Neural Network (Fmm) is the organizes of Hyperbox.
Fuzzy Min Max Neural Network (Fmm) is the uses of Membership Function.
Fuzzy Min Max Neural Network (Fmm) presents Classifier.
Gfmm is the brings of Hyperbox.
Gfmm is the modifies of Membership Function.
Fmcn presents Fuzzy Min-Max Neural Network Classifier With Compensatory Neurons (Fmcn).
Fmcn categorizes Overlapping Classes.
Fmcn analyzes Membership Function.
Dcfmn improves Fmcn.
Dcfmn is the introduces of User Controlled Variables.
Mlf is the addresses of Overlapped Region.
Mlf is the handles of Boundary Region.
Mlf is the emphasizes of Testing Accuracy.
Mlf is the defines of Boundary Region.
Mlf bases Data Centroids.
Mlf is the importance of Testing Accuracy.
Mlf is the proposes of New Boundary Region.
D-Mlf is the defines of Boundary Region.
D-Mlf is the computes of Data Centroids.
D-Mlf is the handles of Overlapped Region.
D-Mlf is the maintains of Data Centroids.
D-Mlf is the omits of Training Patterns.
Hyperbox is the parameter is fixed at of Mlf.
Boundary Region is the patterns belong to of Mlf.
Boundary Region is the patterns belong to of D-Mlf.
D-Mlf is the computes of Data Centroids.
Data Centroids is the data centroids of of Patterns.
Patterns classifys Boundary Region.
Boundary Region is the fails to classify correctly in of Mlf.
Boundary Region is the works better in of D-Mlf.
Decision Making is the not completely based on of Membership Value.
Decision Making is the considers of Data Centroids.
Outliers is the minimizes significance in of Decision Making.
Temporal Nature is the affects of Variables.
Variables is the spread across all the of Dimensions.
Proposed Method is the treats of D-Mlf.
Proposed Method is the without many of of Modifications.
Proposed Method extends State Of The Art.
Proposed Method is the helps of Application Areas.
D-Mlf studys Classification Rate.
Standard Datasets tests D-Mlf.
Standard Datasets uses Iris.
Standard Datasets uses Glass.
Standard Datasets uses Wine.
Standard Datasets uses Wisconsin Breast Cancer (Wbc).
Standard Datasets uses Wisconsin Diagnostic Breast Cancer (Wdbc).
Standard Datasets uses Ionosphere.
Hyperbox chooses Mlf.
Hyperbox chooses D-Mlf.
Hyperbox chooses Proposed Method.
Hyperbox chooses 0.2.
Hyperbox chooses 0.5.
Hyperbox chooses 0.9.