Galactic Agb Stars measures Mass Losses.
Galactic Agb Stars estimates Rates.
Galactic Agb Stars quantifys Mechanical Energy.
Supernovae is the able to create of Type Ii Supernovae.
Type Ii Supernovae is the create of Turbulence.
Type Ii Supernovae is the most able to of Interstellar Medium.
Type Ii Supernovae is the injection of of Mechanical Momentum.
Type Ii Supernovae is the injection of of Energy.
Supernova Remnants expands Dense Regions.
Radiative Remnants drives Gas.
Starburst affects Supernova Rates.
Starburst causes Agn Activity.
Supernovae adopts Mass Losses.
Supernovae adopts Mechanical Energy.
Supernovae ejects Gas.
Supernovae is the extremely low of Efficiency.
Supernovae is the total mechanical energy exceeds of Energy.
Supernovae is the some fraction expelled of Gas.
Superwinds drives Galaxies.
Starburst is the fuel for agn of Gas.
Starburst produces Gas.
Nearby Active Galactic Nuclei uses Adaptive Optics.
Adaptive Optics is the achieve high of Spatial Resolution.
Objects is the re-assessing of Mkn231.
Mkn231 is the consistent with of Stars.
Ngc7469 is the update of analysis using of Integral Field Spectroscopy.
Objects is the significant update of analysis using of Ngc7469.
Objects provides Ngc7469.
Objects is the complete analysis presented in future publications of Ngc7469.
Objects restricts Ngc7469.
Objects is the explicitly state size of region studied in each galaxy of Ngc7469.
Objects is the present summary of primary diagnostics of Ngc7469.
Objects addresss Circinus.
Objects is the diagnostics taken from reference of Circinus.
Objects uses Circinus.
Objects is the contribute to of Circinus.
Objects estimates Circinus.
Objects studys Circinus.
Objects finds Circinus.
Objects is the luminosity of young stars within of Circinus.
Objects is the star formation intensity estimated by of Circinus.
Objects is the able to study on larger scales of Circinus.
Objects performs Ngc3227.
Objects takes Ngc3227.
Objects is the able to make estimates of and correct for contributions of of Ngc3227.
Objects yields Ngc3227.
Objects is the star formation began approximately of Ngc3227.
Objects resolves Ngc3227.
Objects is the star formation on large scales studied by of Ngc3227.
Objects finds Ngc3227.
Stars estimates John Doe.
Stars is the ratio of Supernova.
Agn associates Star Formation.
Ngc7469 measures Radio Continuum.
Radio Continuum measures Core Flux.
Star Formation supports Spatial Resolution.
Spatial Resolution resolves Agn.
Stellar Absorption Features uses Spectral Slope.
Hot Dust associates Agn.
Agn drives Ionisation Cone.
Bulge Stars is the consistent with of Nuclear Disk.
Spiral Structure is the obscuration of Gas And Dust.
Gas And Dust is the obscuration of Spiral Structure.
Gas And Dust is the role in structure of Stellar Continuum.
Kinemetry is the quantitative analysis of Stars.
Kinemetry is the quantitative analysis of Gas.
Gas couples Nuclear Disk.
Stars couples Gas.
Ngc3783 haves Radio Continuum.
Radio Continuum measures Beam.
Beam is the at 8.5ghz of Ngc3783.
Beam measures Flux Density.
Flux Density unresolveds Ngc3783.
Beam measures Component.
Component dominates Flux Density.
Component unresolveds Flux Density.
Scales is the on of Component.
Scales corresponds Ngc3783.
Scales is the upper limit on 7mjy of Flux Density.
Supernova Rate estimates Ngc3783.
Ratio estimates Supernova Rate.
Radio Continuum is the imply greater than estimated of Ratio.
Age Of Star Formation adopts Ngc3783.
Dynamical Mass excludes Ngc3783.
Knapen J. publishs 2004.