Ml Fits is the comparison of Simple Regressions.
Simple Regressions is the comparison of Errors.
Errors is the data of Abscissa.
Errors is the data of Ordinate.
Errors is the data of Intrinsic Scatter.
Least Squares Regression is the method of Orthogonal Residuals.
Slopes Regression Program is the method of Measurement Errors.
Slopes Regression Program is the method of Selection Functions.
Dataset is the data of Velocity Dispersions.
Velocity Dispersions is the data of Errors.
Least Squares Regression is the method of Outliers.
Residuals is the data of Gaussians.
Residuals is the data of Negative Residuals.
Giant Ellipticals is the data of Mg Linestrengths.
Monte Carlo Simulations is the method of Observed Scatter.
Observed Scatter is the data of Normalised Likelihood Distributions.
Cluster is the data of Galaxies.
Global Linear Relation is the data of Intrinsic Scatter.
Simulated Distributions is the data of Intrinsic Scatter.
Simulated Distributions is the data of Observed Scatter.
Cluster Zeropoints is the data of Cluster.
Cluster Zeropoints is the data of Redshift.
Stellar Populations is the data of Cluster Mass.
Stellar Populations is the data of X-Ray Luminosities.
Stellar Populations is the data of X-Ray Temperatures.
Offsets is the data of Fundamental Plane Estimates.
Fundamental Plane Estimates is the data of Distances.
Fundamental Plane Estimates is the data of Peculiar Velocities.
Fundamental Plane Estimates is the data of Age.
Fundamental Plane Estimates is the data of Metallicity.
Fundamental Plane Estimates is the data of Mass-To-Light Ratio.
Zeropoint Variations is the data of Cluster Properties.
Spearman Rank Correlation Statistic is the method of Weighted Regressions.
Weighted Regressions is the method of Subsamples.
Morphological Type is the data of Cds.
Volumes Of Space is the data of Hercules-Corona-Borealis Region.
Volumes Of Space is the data of Perseus-Pisces-Cetus Region.
Clusters is the data of Cluster.
Clusters is the data of Cluster Id Number.
Clusters is the data of Redshift.
Galaxy Population is the data of Galaxy-To-Galaxy Scatter.
Intrinsic Variation Between Clusters is the data of Rms.
Stellar Population Differences is the data of Fundamental Plane.
Chemical Enrichment is the data of Colour Magnitude.
Semi-Analytic Models is the model of Chemical Enrichment.
Cluster-To-Cluster Variations is the affects of Stellar Populations.
Cluster-To-Cluster Variations is the affects of Global Relation.
Simulations is the uses of Stellar Population Models.
Stellar Population Models is the predicts of Age.
Stellar Population Models is the predicts of Metallicity.
Stellar Population Models is the predicts of Mass-To-Light Ratio.
Stellar Population Models is the uses of Worthey (1994).
Stellar Population Models is the uses of Vazdekis (1996).
Worthey (1994) is the predicts of Age.
Worthey (1994) is the predicts of Metallicity.
Vazdekis (1996) is the predicts of Age.
Vazdekis (1996) is the predicts of Metallicity.
Worthey (1994) is the contributes to of Stellar Population Models.
Vazdekis (1996) is the contributes to of Stellar Population Models.
Observations is the result in of Errors.
Errors is the affects of Fundamental Plane (Fp).
Djorgovski & Davis is the citation of Jrgensen.
Jrgensen is the study on of Coma.
Jrgensen is the intrinsic scatter of Coma.
Jrgensen is the upper limits of Coma.
Jrgensen is the lower limits of Coma.
Jrgensen is the dispersion in age of Coma.
Jrgensen is the dispersion in metallicity of Coma.
Jrgensen is the comparison of Ferreras.
Worthey is the model comparison of Vazdekis.
Press is the statistical test of Press.
Press is the k-s test of Press.
Lucey J.R collaborates Carter D.
Lucey J.R collaborates Terlevich R.J.
Huchra J collaborates Geller M.
Huchra J collaborates Clemens C.
Huchra J collaborates Tokarz S.
Huchra J collaborates Michel A.
Isobe T collaborates Feigelson E.D.
Isobe T collaborates Akritas M.G.
Isobe T collaborates Babu G.J.
Jrgensen I collaborates Franx M.
Jrgensen I collaborates Kjrgaard P.
Kauffmann G collaborates Charlot S.
Kelson D.D collaborates Van Dokkum P.G.
Kelson D.D collaborates Franx M.
Kelson D.D collaborates Illingworth G.D.
Kodama T collaborates Arimoto N.
Kodama T collaborates Arimoto N.
Kodama T collaborates Barger A.
Kodama T collaborates Aragn - Salamanca A.
Lucey J.R collaborates Guzmn R.
Lucey J.R collaborates Steel J.
Peletier R.F publishs Press W.H.
Press W.H is the author of Teukolsky S.A.
Press W.H is the author of Vetterling W.T.
Press W.H is the author of Flannery B.P.
Renzini A collaborates Ciotti L.
Saglia R.P collaborates Burstein D.
Saglia R.P collaborates Baggley G.
Saglia R.P collaborates Bertschinger E.
Saglia R.P collaborates Colless M.M.
Saglia R.P collaborates Davies R.L.
Saglia R.P collaborates Mcmahan R.K.
Saglia R.P collaborates Wegner G.
Saglia R.P collaborates Colless M.M.
Saglia R.P collaborates Burstein D.
Saglia R.P collaborates Davies R.L.
Saglia R.P collaborates Mcmahan R.K.
Saglia R.P collaborates Watkins R.
Saglia R.P collaborates Wegner G.
Schweizer F collaborates Seitzer P.
Schweizer F collaborates Faber S.M.
Schweizer F collaborates Burstein D.
Schweizer F collaborates Dalle Ore C.M.
Schweizer F collaborates Gonzlez J.J.
Shioya Y collaborates Bekki K.
Stanford S.A collaborates Eisenhardt P.R.
Stanford S.A collaborates Dickinson M.
Tantalo R collaborates Chiosi C.
Tantalo R collaborates Bressan A.
Trager S.C collaborates Worthey G.
Trager S.C collaborates Faber S.M.
Trager S.C collaborates Burstein D.
Trager S.C collaborates Gonzlez J.J.
Van Dokkum P.G collaborates Franx M.
Van Dokkum P.G collaborates Kelson D.D.
Van Dokkum P.G collaborates Illingworth G.D.
Vazdekis A collaborates Casuso E.
Vazdekis A collaborates Peletier R.F.
Vazdekis A collaborates Beckman J.E.
Wegner G collaborates Colless M.M.
Wegner G collaborates Baggley G.
Wegner G collaborates Davies R.L.
Wegner G collaborates Bertschinger E.
Wegner G collaborates Burstein D.
Wegner G collaborates Mcmahan R.K.
Wegner G collaborates Saglia R.P.
Wegner G collaborates Colless M.M.
Wegner G collaborates Burstein D.
Wegner G collaborates Davies R.L.
Wegner G collaborates Mcmahan R.K.
Wegner G collaborates Watkins R.
Wegner G collaborates Wegner G.
Wegner G collaborates Colless M.M.
Wegner G collaborates Saglia R.P.
Wegner G collaborates Mcmahan R.K.