Nuclear Multifragmentation studys Nucleon.
Nucleon is the similarity in interaction of Van Der Waals Forces.
Nucleon searchs Liquid-Gas Phase Transition.
Caloric Curve is the first experimental evaluation reported in 1995 of Aladin Group.
Caloric Curve identifys Plateau.
Plateau associates Liquid-Gas Phase Transition.
Plateau generates Motivations For Further Work.
Experimental Measurements contributes Finite-Size Effects.
Aladin Group is the reevaluations concerning kinetic energies of emitted neutrons of Neutrons.
Aladin Group is the energies of spectator parts growing with 30 @ xmath6 of Spectator Parts.
Bombarding Energy is the dependency on reaction type of Equilibrated Sources.
Equilibrated Sources is the important nonequilibrium part in measured excitation energies of Nonequilibrium Part.
Smm Calculations is the suggests significant nonequilibrium energy of Nonequilibrium Energy.
Statistical Multifragmentation Models is the not strictly satisfying microcanonical rules of Microcanonical Rules.
Sharp Microcanonical Multifragmentation Model is the describes refinements and improvements of Refinements.
Sharp Microcanonical Multifragmentation Model employs Experimental Data.
Refinements is the improvements in break-up stage of Break-Up Stage.
Refinements is the inclusion of secondary decay stage of Secondary Particle Emission.
Secondary Particle Emission observes Nuclei.
Nuclei is the sequential evaporation scheme applicable of Fragments.
Nuclei is the consideration of secondary break-up of Secondary Break-Up.
Microcanonical Rules is the countable in mean field approach of Break-Up Channels.
Break-Up Channels is the simulated using monte carlo approach of Monte Carlo Simulation.
Break-Up Channels models Coulomb Interaction.
Sharp Microcanonical Multifragmentation Model reevaluates Caloric Curves.
Caloric Curves indicates Transition Regions.
Caloric Curves evaluates Constant Volume Heat Capacity.
Constant Volume Heat Capacity distinguishs Transition Temperatures.
Equilibrated Sources evaluates Excitation Energies.
Equilibrated Sources is the deviations suggest presence of non-equilibrium energy of Nonequilibrium Energy.
Nonequilibrium Energy is the origin may be in pre-equilibrium stage of Pre-Equilibrium Stage.
Nonequilibrium Energy is the origin may be in pre-break-up stage of Pre-Break-Up Stage.
Helium Isotopic Temperature Curve is the comparison with experimental results of Experimental Data.
Energy is the increase of Bombarding Energy.
Calculated Heli Caloric Curve is the agreement of Experimental Heli Curves.
Calculated Heli Caloric Curve evaluates Aladin Group.
G. Fai collaborates J. Randrup.
G. Fai collaborates L. P. Csernai.
G. Fai collaborates H. Stocker.
L. P. Csernai collaborates G. Fai.
L. P. Csernai collaborates J. Randrup.
J. Pochodzalla collaborates J. A. Hauger.
Y. G. Ma collaborates A. Schuttauf.
J. Pochodzalla collaborates W. Trautmann.
Hongfei Xi collaborates H. Raduta.
W. F. J. Mueller collaborates H. Raduta.
H. Raduta collaborates Ad . R. Raduta.
J. P. Bondorf collaborates A. S. Botvina.
A. S. Botvina collaborates A. S. Iljinov.
A. S. Iljinov collaborates I. N. Mishustin.
I. N. Mishustin collaborates K. Sneppen.
R. Donangelo collaborates K. Sneppen.
V. Weisskopf collaborates A. S. Botvina.
I. Dostrovsky collaborates Z. Fraenkel.
Z. Fraenkel collaborates G. Friedlander.
H. Raduta collaborates Ad . R. Raduta.