Solar Corona heats Temperature.
Solar Corona is the key role in heating of Magnetic Fields.
Solar Corona is the key role in heating of Waves.
Photosphere converts Thermal Energy.
Convection Zone is the primary source for heating of Energy Source.
Energy Source is the lies below of Solar Corona.
Energy Source is the debate on energy source of Mhd Waves.
Energy Source is the debate on energy source of Magnetic Reconnection Events.
Magnetic Fields is the interaction produces magnetic disturbances of Convective Flows.
Magnetic Flux Concentrations is the generates mhd waves of Mhd Waves.
Magnetic Flux Concentrations is the mhd waves propagate into of Magnetic Flux Tubes.
Magnetic Flux Tubes is the dissipate energy in of Thermal Energy.
Coronal Loops is the produce twisting and braiding of Magnetic Loop Foot-Points.
Magnetic Loop Foot-Points is the produce of Field-Aligned Electric Currents.
Field-Aligned Electric Currents dissipates Thermal Energy.
Magnetic Heating Mechanisms classifys Wave-Heating Mechanisms.
Magnetic Heating Mechanisms classifys Current-Heating Mechanisms.
Observations makes Coronal Oscillations.
Coronagraph connects Secis Instrument.
Coronagraph connects Ccd Cameras.
Filter is the dependence of Temperature.
Filter is the hasparameter of Passband.
Passband is the parameter of Transmission.
Passband is the parameter of Width.
Passband is the parameter of Wavelength.
Passband is the examinedasfunctionof of Spectrograph Slit.
Filter is the examinedasfunctionof of Radial Distance.
Solar Activity is the visiblein of Coronal Structures.
Solar Activity is the visiblein of Green Line.
Solar Activity performs Tests.
Tests is the takenin of Broad-Band Channel.
Tests is the takenin of Narrow-Band Channel.
Tests examines Data.
Data is the shows of Image Quality.
Data is the illustrates of Radial Gradients.
Data is the illustrates of Spectral Blocking.
Coronagraph is the foundtobe of Scattered Light.
Coronagraph is the foundtobe of Optical Parts.
Coronagraph is the allows of Data Acquisition.
Active Region Coronal Loops is the above of Solar Limb.
Active Region Coronal Loops is the under of Coronal Skies.
Mhd Waves is the generatedin of Corona.
Mhd Waves is the dissipatedin of Corona.
Mhd Waves is the involvedin of Coronal Heating.
Mhd Waves is the mayresultin of Observations.
Observations is the mayleadto of Improved Knowledge.
Improved Knowledge is the implicationsfor of Solar Physics.
Improved Knowledge is the implicationsfor of Solar Wind.
Improved Knowledge is the implicationsfor of Solar-Terrestrial Relationships.
Improved Knowledge is the implicationsfor of Active Regions.
Improved Knowledge is the implicationsfor of Flares.
Improved Knowledge is the implicationsfor of Solar Activity.
Improved Knowledge is the implicationsfor of Solar-Terrestrial Relationships.
Improved Knowledge is the implicationsfor of Physics.
Referee is the helpedtoimprove of Comments.
J. A. is the partlysupportedby of Support.
J. R. is the partlysupportedby of Support.
K. Mank is the acknowledgedfor of Support.
R. Maura is the acknowledgedfor of Support.
P. Havrila is the acknowledgedfor of Support.
P. Bendk is the acknowledgedfor of Support.
J. Klein is the acknowledgedfor of Support.
P. R. is the supportedby of Support.