Turbulence is the dynamics of Astrophysical Fluids.
Turbulence is the dynamics of Interstellar Medium.
Turbulence is the dynamics of Clusters Of Galaxies.
Turbulence is the dynamics of Circumstellar Regions.
Turbulence is the affects of Star Formation.
Turbulence is the affects of Mixing Of Gas.
Turbulence is the affects of Transfer Of Heat.
Interstellar Medium is the influences of Magnetic Field.
Quantitative Descriptors is the characterizes of Turbulent Fluctuations.
Kolmogorov Model is the predicts of Energy Spectrum.
Energy Spectrum is the describes of Velocity Fluctuations.
Mhd Turbulence is the correspondence of Magnetized Fluids.
Mhd Turbulence is the applies to of Astrophysical Turbulence.
Gas Turbulence characterizes Reynolds Numbers.
Gas Turbulence is the expectation of Gas Turbulence.
Numerical Simulations is the limitation of Reynolds Numbers.
Observational Studies provides Velocity Spectra.
Doppler Shifts is the causes of Turbulence.
Emission Lines is the difference of Absorption Lines.
Velocity Channel Analysis is the relates to of Velocity Spectra.
Velocity Coordinate Spectrum is the relates to of Velocity Spectra.
Turbulence Theory associates Turbulence.
Spectral Index is the indicates of Turbulence.
Shocks reflects Spectral Index.
Scale Suppression reflects Spectral Index.
Absorption Of Radiation is the concern of of Observational Studies.
Spectral Intensity Fluctuations is the causes of Turbulence.
Velocity Profiles is the determines of Turbulent Spectra.
Optical Depth determines Density Fluctuations.
Density Fluctuations carrys Turbulence.
Structure Function studys Optical Depth.
Power Spectrum studys Optical Depth.
Measurement Noise is the affects of Optical Depth.
Frequency Range requires Statistical Descriptors.
Random Field is the descriptors of Correlation Function.
Random Field is the descriptors of Power Spectrum.
Stochastic Process is the relies on of Homogeneity.
Turbulence is the homogeneous and isotropic of Homogeneity.
Optical Depth is the introduce fluctuations on the background of mean profile of Fluctuations.
Mean Profile is the homogeneous correlation function of Correlation Function.
Fourier Harmonics is the independent of Amplitudes.
Correlation Function is the fourier transform of Power Spectrum.
Power Spectrum carrys Information.
Power Spectrum is the insensitive to long-range smooth variations of Long-Range Variations.
Structure Function regularizes Correlation Function.
Velocity Coordinate Spectrum expects One-Dimensional Spectrum.
Kolmogorov Turbulence is the steep spectra of Steep Spectra.
Shocks is the steep spectra of Steep Spectra.
Thermal Effects is the incorporates both turbulent and thermal effects of Doppler Broadening.
Gaussian Mask is the limits power aliasing of Power Aliasing.
Top Hat Mask is the increases power aliasing of Power Aliasing.
Noise is the bias structure functions of Bias.
Data Sampling is the leads to aliasing of power of Aliasing.
Theory is the explains of Turbulence.
Theory is the explains of Spectra.
Theory is the explains of Radiative Transfer.
Theory is the explains of Temperature.
Theory is the explains of Density.
Theory is the explains of Radiation Source.
Theory is the explains of Absorption.
Theory is the explains of Asymptotic Regimes.
Theory is the explains of Fitting Models.
Theory is the explains of Wavelets.
Theory is the explains of Principal Component Analysis (Pca).
Theory is the explains of Spectral Correlation Function (Scf).
Theory is the explains of Ppv Cubes.
Vcs is the utilizes of Turbulence.
Vcs is the utilizes of Absorption.
Vcs is the utilizes of Ppv Cubes.
Vcs is the utilizes of Vca Theory.
Vcs is the utilizes of Radio Interferometer.
Vcs is the utilizes of Asymptotic Regimes.
Vcs is the utilizes of Fitting Models.
Vcs is the utilizes of Wavelets.
Vcs is the utilizes of Spectral Correlation Function (Scf).
Theory is the formulation of Fourier Transforms.
Theory is the formulation of Wavelets.
Theory is the advantageous of Data Analysis.
Data Analysis is the deal with of Window Functions.
Turbulence Studies is the possible with of Absorption Lines.
Vcs Technique is the use logarithm of absorbed intensity of Intensity.
Logarithm Of Absorbed Intensity is the equivalent to of Optical Depth.
Weak Absorption Regime is the analysis coincides with of Optical Depth At The Middle Of Absorption Line.
Optical Depth At The Middle Of Absorption Line is the ideal resolution of Intensities Of Emission.
Intermediate Absorption Regime is the use for analysis of Wings Of Absorption Line.
Wings Of Absorption Line is the noise dominated of Saturated Part Of The Line.
Spectrum is the less portion corresponds to of Wings.
Mathematical Setting is the introduces additional of Window.
Small Scale Fluctuations is the contrast increases with decrease of Window.
Strong Absorption Regime determines Broadening.
Broadening is the no information available of Lorentzian Wings.
Power Spectrum bes Optical Depth.
Mask bes Real.
Mask is the split into of Integration Regions.
Integration Regions folds Quadrants.
Quadrants folds Integration Regions.
Integration Regions combines Main Contribution.
Main Contribution is the manifests only when significant of Correction.
Correction bes Symmetrized Window.
Symmetrized Window bes Final Expression.
Final Expression cites Authors.