Inflation is the predicts of Primordial Spectrum.
Primordial Spectrum is the of of Density Perturbations.
Density Perturbations bes Gaussian.
Small Non-Gaussian Component emerges Observable.
Observable is the will be measured with good precision by of Planck Surveyor Satellite.
Observational Data becomes Models.
Models is the understand of Non-Gaussian Signal.
Non-Gaussian Signal expects Wide Variety Of Models.
Wide Variety Of Models is the drawn about of Early-Universe Physics.
Paper is the present of Method.
Method is the for of Calculating Primordial Non-Gaussianity.
Super-Horizon Evolution produces Two-Field Models Of Inflation.
Method bases Probability Density Function.
Probability Density Function determines Collisionless Boltzmann Equation.
Cumulant Representation is the expand around of Density Function.
Density Function is the evolve of Ordinary Differential Equations.
Ordinary Differential Equations is the evolve of Moments.
Moments relates Dimensionless Bispectrum.
Method is the show of Numerical Results.
Method makes Inflationary Model.
Inflationary Model requires Canonical Kinetic Term.
Canonical Kinetic Term applys Slow-Roll Approximation.
Numerical Results gives Good Agreement.
Method is the believe has of Formalism.
Formalism haves Advantages.
Method connects Computational Cost.
Computational Cost is the of of Numerical Implementation.
Numerical Implementation requires Ordinary Differential Equations.
Ordinary Differential Equations is the include of Fields.
Fields solves Background Equations.
Background Equations is the must be extracted between of Finite Differences.
Finite Differences is the depend on of Noise Properties.
Formalism relates Source Terms.
Source Terms is the of of Properties.
Properties relates Inflationary Flow.
Formalism is the separation between of Non-Gaussianity.
Non-Gaussianity associates Intrinsic Non-Linearity.
Intrinsic Non-Linearity is the between of Evolution.
Intrinsic Non-Linearity is the of of Probability Density Function.
Probability Density Function is the between successive of Flat Hypersurfaces.
Probability Density Function is the from field fluctuations to of Gauge Transformation.
Gauge Transformation is the to of Curvature Perturbation.
Formalism connects Advantages.
Method connects Computational Cost.
Formalism shares Numerical Implementation.
Numerical Implementation employs Numerical Method.
Numerical Method is the recently employed by of Lehners & Renaux-Petel.
Formalism is the yield of Formalism.
Formalism is the yields of Evolution Equations.
Evolution Equations is the with of Source Terms.
Source Terms is the lead to of Physical Features.
Paper is the as of Organized.
Section: Computing_Fnl computes Non-Gaussian Parameter.
Section: Computing_Fnl is the remains in of Real Space.
Section: Computing_Fnl is the as opposed to of Fourier Space.
Section: Computing_Fnl modifys Multi-Point Functions.
Section: Transport is the introduce of Model.
Section: Transport is the model for of Distribution Of Inflaton Field Values.
Section: Transport is the around of Moment Expansion.
Section: Transport governs Equations.
Section: Numerics is the present of Comparison.
Section: Numerics is the comparison of of Technique.
Section: Numerics is the comparison of of New Technique.
Section: Numerics is the already in of Literature.
Section: Numerics is the compute of Non-Gaussianity.
Section: Numerics is the compute in of Two-Field Models.
Section: Numerics finds Excellent Agreement.
Section: Conclusions is the conclude of Introduce.
Formula is the leads to of Algebraic Simplifications.
Formula is the subsumes of Gauge Transformation.
Formula is the subsumes of Field Variables.
Formula is the subsumes of Observational Variable.
Formula is the subsumes of Approximation.
Formula is the subsumes of Time Of Evaluation.
Formula is the subsumes of Distribution Of Field Values.
Formula is the subsumes of Transport.
Formula is the subsumes of Spacetime Volumes.
Formula is the subsumes of Real Space.
Formula is the subsumes of Characteristic Scale.
Formula is the subsumes of Intrinsic Non-Linearities.
Formula is the subsumes of Physics.
Formula is the subsumes of Classes Of Models.
Formula is the subsumes of Derivative.
Formula is the subsumes of Formula For Xmath1.
Formula is the subsumes of Expectation Value.
Formula is the subsumes of Two-Field Model.
Formula is the subsumes of Fields.
Formula is the subsumes of Two-Point Function.
Formula is the subsumes of Three-Point Function.
Formula is the subsumes of Non-Linearity Parameter.
Formula is the subsumes of Numerics.
Formula is the subsumes of Derivatives.
Formula is the subsumes of Initial And Final Times.
Formula is the subsumes of Quadratic Potentials.
Formula is the subsumes of Slow-Roll Parameters.
Formula is the subsumes of Sum-Separable Potential.
Formula is the subsumes of Gaussian Normal Coordinates.
Formula is the subsumes of Product-Separable Potentials.
Formula is the subsumes of E-Folds.
Formula is the subsumes of Flat Hypersurface.
Formula is the subsumes of Comoving Hypersurface.
Formula is the subsumes of Shift.
Formula is the subsumes of Trajectory.
Formula is the subsumes of Isocurvature Fields.
Formula is the subsumes of Conserved Quantity.
Formula is the subsumes of Time Evolution.
Formula is the subsumes of Kinetic Energy.
Formula is the subsumes of Potential.
Formula is the subsumes of Second Derivatives.
Formula is the subsumes of Gram Charlier A Series.
Formula is the subsumes of Hermite Series.
Formula is the subsumes of Moment Expansion.
Formula is the subsumes of Field Perturbations.
Formula is the subsumes of Velocity Field.
Formula is the subsumes of Quadratic Taylor Expansion.
Formula is the subsumes of Transport Equation.
Formula is the subsumes of Chapman Kolmogorov Process.
Formula is the subsumes of Stochastic Approach To Inflation.
Formula is the subsumes of Temporal Gauge.
Formula is the subsumes of E-Folding Time.
Formula is the subsumes of Uniform Expansion.
Formula is the subsumes of Field Perturbations.
Formula is the subsumes of Moment Hierarchy.
Microwave Background Anisotropy is the constraint of Skewness Parameter.
Microwave Background Anisotropy is the prediction of Planck Survey Satellite.
Microwave Background Anisotropy is the prediction of Kurtosis Parameter.
Observational Community is the requirement of Theory.
Theory is the study of Non-Gaussianity.
Lyth & Rodriguez is the comparison of Moment Transport Method.
Moment Transport Method is the evolution of Field Fluctuations.
Moment Transport Method is the comparison of Renormalization-Group Improved Perturbation Theory.
Vernizzi & Wands is the confirmation of Numerical Calculations.
Battefeld & Easther is the confirmation of Numerical Calculations.
Non-Gaussianities is the dominance of Gauge Transformation.
Non-Gaussianities is the negligibility of Field Fluctuations.
Non-Gaussianities is the measurement of Skewnesses.
Non-Gaussianities is the distortion of Comoving Hypersurfaces.
Comparison is the attribution of Theory Error.
Cambridge Centre For Theoretical Cosmology is the support of T. Falk.
Stfc is the funding of D. Seery.
Cambridge Centre For Theoretical Cosmology is the support of D. Wands.
Chris Byrnes is the acknowledgment of Moment Transport Method.
Jim Lidsey is the acknowledgment of Moment Transport Method.
Karim Malik is the acknowledgment of Moment Transport Method.