Pairing Properties is the affects of Temperature.
Pairing Properties is the affects of Angular Momentum.
Pairing Properties is the affects of Nuclear Structure.
Bcs Theory is the describes of Pairing Correlation.
Bcs Theory is the describes of Macroscopic Systems.
Bcs Theory is the describes of Metallic Superconductors.
Bcs Theory is the describes of Pairing Gap.
Bcs Theory is the describes of Superfluid.
Bcs Theory is the describes of Normal Phase.
Bcs Theory is the describes of Finite Temperature.
Bcs Theory is the describes of Quantal Fluctuations.
Bcs Theory is the describes of Thermal Fluctuations.
Bcs Theory is the describes of Finite Small Systems.
Bcs Theory is the describes of Finite Nuclei.
Bcs Theory is the describes of Theoretical Approaches.
Theoretical Approaches is the studies of Fluctuations.
Zero Angular Momentum is the affects of Thermal Fluctuations.
Thermal Fluctuations is the smears out of Sharp Phase Transition.
Rotating Nuclei is the exhibits of Temperature Induced Pair Correlations.
Temperature Induced Pair Correlations reflects Order Parameter.
Microscopic Approach is the introduces of Modified Bcs Theory.
Modified Bcs Theory is the identifies of Quasiparticle-Number Fluctuation.
Modified Bcs Theory is the explains of Non-Collapsing Pairing Gap.
Self-Consistent Quasiparticle Random-Phase Approximation includes Quasiparticle-Number Fluctuation.
Self-Consistent Quasiparticle Random-Phase Approximation includes Quantal Fluctuations.
Pairing Hamiltonian is the describes of Particle.
Pairing Hamiltonian is the describes of Pairing Force.
Pairing Hamiltonian is the describes of Angular Velocity.
Pairing Hamiltonian is the describes of Angular Momentum Projection.
Pairing Hamiltonian is the describes of Laboratory Fixed Axis.
Particle is the creates of Quasiparticle Energy.
Particle is the creates of Renormalized Single-Particle Energy.
Particle is the creates of Expectation Values.
Expectation Values is the contains of Coupled Equations.
Quasiparticle-Number Fluctuation is the determines of Quasiparticle Occupation Numbers.
Quasiparticle Occupation Numbers finds Mass Operators.
Mass Operators obtains Quasiparticle Dampings.
Ftbcs1+Scqrpa Theory is the extends to of Ftbcs1 Theory.
Ftbcs1+Scqrpa Theory is the extends to of Scqrpa.
Ftbcs1 Theory is the differs from of Ftln1.
Ftbcs1 Theory includes Qnf.
Violation Of Particle Number is the removes of Lipkin-Nogami Method.
Numerical Calculations is the uses of Doubly Degenerate Equidistant Model.
Doubly Degenerate Equidistant Model is the equals of Levels.
Doubly Degenerate Equidistant Model is the equals of Particles.
Numerical Calculations is the calculates for of Oxygen.
Numerical Calculations is the calculates for of Calcium.
Numerical Calculations is the calculates for of Iron.
Numerical Calculations is the calculates for of Tin.
Numerical Calculations is the obtains of Total Energies.
Numerical Calculations is the obtains of Heat Capacities.
Numerical Calculations is the uses of Quantum Monte Carlo Method.
Violation Of Particle Number is the removes of Ftbcs Gap.
Ftbcs Gap is the causes of Thermally Assisted Pairing Correlations.