Active Galactic Nuclei is the core of Super Massive Black Hole.
Super Massive Black Hole is the core of Accretion Disk.
Active Galactic Nuclei is the core of Powerful Collimated Jets.
Powerful Collimated Jets is the core of Blazars.
Blazars is the core of Spectral Energy Distribution.
Spectral Energy Distribution is the core of Electron Synchrotron Emission.
Spectral Energy Distribution is the core of Inverse Compton Emission.
Inverse Compton Emission is the core of Upscattering.
Upscattering is the core of Synchrotron Self Compton.
Blazars is the core of Flux Variability.
Flux Variability is the core of Physics.
Physics is the core of Characteristic Parameters.
Characteristic Parameters is the core of Spectrum.
Spectrum is the core of Accelerated Electron Density.
Accelerated Electron Density is the core of Broken Power Law.
Broken Power Law is the core of Exponents.
Exponents is the core of Minimum Lorentz Factors.
Exponents is the core of Maximum Lorentz Factors.
Exponents is the core of Break Lorentz Factors.
Spectrum is the core of Emitting Region.
Emitting Region is the core of Blob.
Blob is the core of Doppler Factor.
Doppler Factor is the core of Observer.
Observer is the core of Magnetic Field.
Spectrum is the core of Free Parameters.
Free Parameters is the core of Levenberg-Marquardt Method.
Levenberg-Marquardt Method is the core of Non-Linear Least-Squares Minimization.
Non-Linear Least-Squares Minimization is the core of Inverse Hessian Method.
Non-Linear Least-Squares Minimization is the core of Steepest Descent Method.
Pseudo-Code is the core of Algorithm.
Algorithm is the core of Numerical Approximation.
Numerical Approximation is the core of Sampled Sed.
Sampled Sed is the core of Interpolation.
Algorithm is the core of Partial Derivatives.
Partial Derivatives is the core of Incremental Ratio.
Incremental Ratio is the core of Computation.
Computation is the core of Cpu Time.
Algorithm is the core of Fit.
Fit is the core of Data Sets.
Data Sets is the core of Observation Period.
Observation Period is the core of Source Activity.
Source Activity is the core of Mrk421.
Mrk421 is the core of Mwl Data Sets.
Mrk421 is the core of Redshift.
Redshift is the core of Ebl Correction.
Ebl Correction is the core of Vhe Data.
Fit is the core of Kolmogorov-Smirnov Test.
Kolmogorov-Smirnov Test is the core of Physical Processes.
Physical Processes is the core of Piecewise Ks Test.
Piecewise Ks Test is the core of Low-Energy Data.
Piecewise Ks Test is the core of High-Energy Data.
Fit is the core of Fit Residuals.
Fit Residuals is the core of Synchrotron Power.
Fit Residuals is the core of Peak Frequency.
Fit Residuals is the core of Magnetic Field.
Fit Residuals is the core of Number Of Low Energy Electrons.
Number Of Low Energy Electrons is the core of Electron-Photon Scattering Efficiency.
Electron-Photon Scattering Efficiency is the core of Compton Power.
Fit Residuals is the core of Emission Parameters.
Emission Parameters is the core of Synchrotron Peak Frequency.
Emission Parameters is the core of Compton Emission.
Compton Emission is the core of Thomson Limit.
Compton Emission is the core of Bulk Relativistic Motion.
Bulk Relativistic Motion is the core of Radiation.