Unitary Fermi Gas is the describes of Many-Body Problem.
Unitary Fermi Gas is the describes of Fermions.
Unitary Fermi Gas is the describes of Ultracold Atoms.
Unitary Fermi Gas is the describes of Feshbach Resonance.
Unitary Fermi Gas is the describes of Neutron Matter.
Unitary Fermi Gas is the describes of Universal Phase Diagram.
Unitary Fermi Gas is the describes of Quantum Critical Point.
Quantum Critical Point is the governs of Temperature.
Quantum Critical Point is the governs of Chemical Potential.
Quantum Critical Point is the governs of Detuning.
Quantum Critical Point is the governs of Magnetic Field.
Order Parameter is the vanishes for of Density.
Order Parameter assumes Density.
Unitary Fermi Gas is the becomes of Superfluid.
Unitary Fermi Gas is the in terms of of Thermal Length.
Thermal Length is the equation of state is a of Density.
Density measures Universal Function.
Unitary Fermi Gas is the at a universal of Superfluid.
Unitary Fermi Gas is the focuses on of Quantum Critical Regime.
Quantum Critical Regime is the above of Quantum Critical Point.
Quantum Critical Regime is the where is a of Universal Constant.
Thermal Length is the comparable to of Mean Particle Spacing.
Thermal Length bes Quantum And Thermal Effects.
Unitary Fermi Gas is the reliably estimate of Transport Properties.
Transport Properties is the perform of Controlled Calculations.
Controlled Calculations is the lack of of Small Parameter.
Controlled Calculations introduces Small Parameter.
Small Parameter is the into orders of of Organizes.
Small Parameter recovers Original Theory.
Controlled Calculations is the can be systematically improved by going to higher order of Approximations.
Controlled Calculations bes Approach.
Controlled Calculations bes Advantage.
Controlled Calculations is the works directly in the thermodynamic limit of Advantage.
Controlled Calculations needs Advantage.
Unitary Fermi Gas obtains Tan Contact Density.
Tan Contact Density provides Transport Properties.
Pressure is the agrees with of Large-N Expansion.
Pressure is the above of Large-N Expansion.
Pressure is the below of Luttinger-Ward.
Entropy Density is the agrees with of Large-N Expansion.
Tan Contact Density bes Bdmc Value.
Tan Contact Density bes Bdmc Value.
Tan Contact Density is the lies about of Luttinger-Ward Value.
Tan Contact Density is the just inside the error bars of Bdmc Value.
Tan Contact Density is the yield of Experimental Measurements.
Experimental Measurements is the agrees well with of Trap Averaged Calculations.
Experimental Measurements is the differs from of Trap Averaged Calculations.
Transport Properties makes Harder To Compute Than Thermodynamic Properties.
Transport Properties gives Agrees To.
Viscous Scattering Time bes Pressure.
Viscous Scattering Time bes Incoherent Relaxation Time.
Entropy Density bes Pressure.
Entropy Density bes Viscosity To Entropy Ratio.
Entropy Density bes Viscosity To Entropy Ratio.
Temperature Independent Ratio haves String Theories.
Temperature Independent Ratio bes String Theories.
Perfect Fluids bes Unitary Fermi Gas.
Perfect Fluids comes Unitary Fermi Gas.
Perfect Fluids bes Unitary Fermi Gas.
Graphene is the decreases logarithmically with temperature of Viscosity.
Unitary Fermi Gas is the compare with of Large-N Results.
Unitary Fermi Gas is the compare with of Experimental Measurements.
Unitary Fermi Gas is the compare with of Self-Consistent Luttinger-Ward Calculations.
Unitary Fermi Gas is the compare with of Bold Diagrammatic Monte Carlo Calculations.
Thermodynamic Properties is the of the unitary fermi gas in the quantum critical region of Density.
Thermodynamic Properties is the of the unitary fermi gas in the quantum critical region of Pressure.
Thermodynamic Properties is the of the unitary fermi gas in the quantum critical region of Entropy Density.
Thermodynamic Properties is the of the unitary fermi gas in the quantum critical region of Tan Contact Density.
Thermodynamic Properties is the of the unitary fermi gas in the quantum critical region of Shear Viscosity.
Thermodynamic Properties extrapolates Fermi Momentum.
Pressure is the above of Large-N Expansion.
Pressure is the above of Bdmc.
Pressure is the below of Luttinger-Ward.
Entropy Density is the above of Large-N Expansion.
Tan Contact Density is the below of Bdmc Value.
Tan Contact Density is the remarkable given how simple the calculation is of Bdmc Value.
Tan Contact Density is the above of Luttinger-Ward Value.
Tan Contact Density is the inside the error bars of Bdmc Value.
Tan Contact Density is the at of Experimental Measurements.
Experimental Measurements is the with of Trap Averaged Calculations.
Experimental Measurements is the from of Trap Averaged Calculations.
Transport Properties makes Harder To Compute Than Thermodynamic Properties.
Transport Properties is the between of Agrees To.
Viscous Scattering Time bes Pressure.
Viscous Scattering Time bes Incoherent Relaxation Time.
Entropy Density bes Pressure.
Entropy Density bes Viscosity To Entropy Ratio.
Entropy Density bes Viscosity To Entropy Ratio.
Temperature Independent Ratio haves String Theories.
Temperature Independent Ratio bes String Theories.
Perfect Fluids bes Unitary Fermi Gas.
Perfect Fluids comes Unitary Fermi Gas.
Perfect Fluids bes Unitary Fermi Gas.
Graphene is the decreases logarithmically with temperature of Viscosity.
Unitary Fermi Gas is the compare with of Large-N Results.
Unitary Fermi Gas is the compare with of Experimental Measurements.
Unitary Fermi Gas is the compare with of Self-Consistent Luttinger-Ward Calculations.
Unitary Fermi Gas is the compare with of Bold Diagrammatic Monte Carlo Calculations.
Detuning is the changes of Bosonic Quadratic Term.
Grand Potential expresss Density Of Bosons.
Density Of Bosons is the yields of Adiabatic Theorem.
Mass is the yields of Kinetic Energy.
Mass is the depends on of Interaction Term.
Interaction Term is the depends on of Mass.
Interaction Term includes Internal Energy.
Momentum Distribution Function obtains Internal Energy Density.
Internal Energy Density is the extends to of Momentum Cutoff.
Regularization Term writes Energy Formula.
Luttinger-Ward Theory derives Tan Pressure Relation.
Infinitesimal Scale Transformation is the on of Grand Potential.
Tan Pressure Relation fulfils Self-Consistent Matrix Approximation.
Angular Averages is the of of Distribution Functions.
Fermi Functions is the write as of Product.
Solid Angles is the of of Vectors.
Vectors is the over of Angular Averages.
Wave Angular Average is the average of of Distribution Functions.
Legendre Polynomials is the with of Wave Angular Average.
Wave Angular Average gives Wave Average.
Wave Average expresss Polylogarithms.
Radial Integrations performs Energy Formula.