Numerical Simulations is the utilizes of Monte Carlo-Based Technique.
Numerical Simulations is the examines of Space Charge Effect.
Numerical Simulations helps Microscopic Processes.
Numerical Simulations is the investigates of Electron Energy Distribution.
Numerical Simulations is the investigates of Pulse Length.
Numerical Simulations is the investigates of Continuous Source.
Electron Energy Analyzer haves Acceptance Angle.
Interaction Electrons is the affects of Test Electrons.
Interaction Electrons is the feel of Coulomb Force.
Interaction Electrons is the within of Cut-Off Distance.
Test Electrons is the within of Cut-Off Distance.
Test Electrons follows Energy Evolution.
Energy Evolution is the until of Interaction Electrons.
Energy Evolution is the outside of Cut-Off Distance.
Energy Evolution is the calculates of Energy Distribution.
Energy Distribution is the fits of Gaussian Distribution.
Mirror Charge Concept is the assumption of Equipotential Surface.
Mirror Charge Concept is the dependent of Conductivity.
Interaction Electrons accompanys Mirror Charge Concept.
Mirror Charge Concept is the interacts with of Test Electron.
Mirror Charge Concept considers Simulation.
Test Electron is the interacts with of Mirror Charge Concept.
Test Electron is the not included of Mirror Charge Concept.
Test Electron is the experiences of Energy Shifts.
Test Electron is the experiences of Energy Broadening.
Energy Shifts is the occur at different time scales of Energy Broadening.
Energy Shifts is the contribute differently of Energy Broadening.
Energy Shifts is the contribute more of High-Energy Electrons.
Energy Shifts is the contribute less of Low-Energy Electrons.
Conducting Metal Surface is the front of of Mirror Charge Concept.
Mirror Charge Concept is the inside of Sample Surface.
Mirror Charge Concept is the redistribute themselves of Equipotential Surface.
Simulation neglects Mirror Charges.
Test Electron is the interaction with of Interaction Electrons.
Test Electron is the interaction with of Mirror Charge Concept.
Energy Shifts incorporates Mirror Charge Concept.
Energy Broadening incorporates Mirror Charge Concept.
Energy Shifts combines Energy Broadening.
Energy Shifts is the more complicated of Energy Broadening.
Interaction Electrons is the experience from different energy ranges of Energy Broadening.
Interaction Electrons is the contribution from of Space Charge Effect.
Valence Band is the contribution from of Energy Shift.
Valence Band is the weighted sum of contributions of Energy Shift.
Valence Band approximates Triangular Distribution.
Space Charge Effect identifys Mirror Charge Effect.
Space Charge Effect is the present for metals of Mirror Charge Effect.
Space Charge Effect is the comparison with experiment of Quantitative Comparison.
Space Charge Effect is the quantitative comparison with experiment of Mirror Charge Effect.
Spot Size is the dependence on of Space Charge Effect.
Light Spot is the shape of of Electron Spatial Distribution.
Light Spot expects Space Charge Effect.
Light Spot is the importance of of Edge Effects.
Light Spot is the independence of of Spot Size.
Light Spot is the dependent on of Effect.
Simulation is the deviation from of Measurements.
Photoemission Spectroscopy is the reference of Fermi Level.
Metal is the reference of Fermi Level.
Gold is the reference of Fermi Level.
Photon Flux is the affects of Space Charge Effect.
Space Charge Effect is the affects of Energy Resolution.
Mirror Charge Effect is the affects of Energy Resolution.
Electron Energy Analyzer is the detects of Electron.