Interactions is the involves of D-Branes.
Interactions is the involves of Closed Strings.
Interactions is the involves of Open Strings.
Interactions is the involves of Ads/Cft.
Interactions is the involves of Open-Closed Dualities.
Interactions is the involves of Systems Of Multiple D-Branes.
D-Branes describes Worldsheet Description.
D-Branes is the involves of Conformal Field Theory.
D-Branes is the involves of Momentum Conservation Condition.
D-Branes is the involves of Annulus Amplitude.
D-Branes is the involves of Fischler-Susskind Mechanism.
D-Branes is the involves of Ir Divergence.
D-Branes is the involves of Recoil Of D-Branes.
D-Branes is the involves of Back Reaction.
D-Branes is the involves of Recoiling D-Particle.
D-Branes is the involves of Higher Dimensional D-Branes.
D-Branes is the involves of Mass Finite.
D-Branes is the involves of Momentum Conservation Condition Between Closed Strings And D-Brane.
D-Branes is the involves of Source Term.
Source Term is the involves of Massless Scalar Particles.
Source Term is the involves of Momentum Conservation Condition Between Closed Strings And D-Brane.
D-Branes is the involves of Dbi Action.
D-Branes is the involves of Scattering Process.
Scattering Process is the involves of Momentum Conservation Condition.
D-Branes is the involves of Effective Action.
Effective Action is the involves of Time Derivative.
Effective Action is the involves of Expectation Values.
Effective Action is the involves of Momentum Transfer.
Effective Action is the involves of Kinetic Energy Of D-Particle.
D-Branes is the involves of Field Theory Limit.
D-Branes is the involves of Elastic Limit.
D-Branes is the involves of Non-Relativistic Limit.
D-Branes is the involves of Tree Level Approximation.
D-Branes is the involves of Tension Of D-Brane.
D-Branes is the involves of Source Term.
Source Term is the involves of Massless Scalar Particles.
Source Term is the involves of Momentum Conservation Condition Between Closed Strings And D-Brane.
D-Branes is the involves of Creation Operator.
D-Branes is the involves of Annihilation Operator.
D-Branes is the involves of Hamiltonian.
D-Branes is the involves of Particle State.
D-Branes is the involves of Particle Creation Amplitude.
D-Branes is the involves of Disk Diagrams.
D-Branes is the involves of Unit Disk.
Unit Disk is the involves of Neumann Boundary Condition.
Unit Disk is the involves of Dirichlet Boundary Conditions.
Unit Disk is the involves of Vertex Operator.
Unit Disk is the involves of Ghost Fields.
Amplitude is the calculation of Notations.
Amplitude is the calculation of Relationship.
Relationship uses Disk Amplitude.
Relationship uses Closed-String Tachyons.
Closed-String Tachyons is the results in of Momentum Conservation Condition.
Momentum Conservation Condition relates Dirichlet Directions.
Faddeev-Popov Determinant relates Fact-Amp-1.
Fact-Amp-1 uses Identif.
Identif relates Modular Transformation.
Modular Transformation is the results in of Rotational Symmetry.
Rotational Symmetry relates Point.
Point uses String Amplitude.
String Amplitude relates Worldvolume Theory.
Worldvolume Theory relates Massless Open Strings.
Amplitude is the calculation of Total Amplitude.
Total Amplitude relates Field Theory.
Field Theory relates String Theory.
String Theory relates Poisson Distribution.
Poisson Distribution relates Effective Action.
Effective Action relates Source Term.
Source Term relates D-Brane.
D-Brane relates Elastic Scattering.
Elastic Scattering relates Scalar Field Theory.
Scalar Field Theory relates Ir Cut-Off.
Scalar Field Theory relates Tension.
Scalar Field Theory relates Worldvolume Coordinate.
Worldvolume Coordinate relates Gauge Field.
Gauge Field relates Torus.
Torus relates Momentum Conservation.
Momentum Conservation relates Kaluza-Klein Momenta.
Kaluza-Klein Momenta relates Hilbert Space.
Hilbert Space relates Massive Open-String Sector.
Effective Action relates Total Energy.
Total Energy relates Kinetic Energy.
Momentum haves Worldvolume Directions.
Massless Modes is the affects of D-Brane.
Massless Modes is the affects of Closed Strings.
D-Brane is the affects of Closed Strings.
Energy is the affects of D-Brane.
Energy is the affects of Closed Strings.
Energy Conservation Condition is the relates to of D-Brane.
Energy Conservation Condition is the relates to of Closed Strings.
Spacetime Coordinate is the ensures of Energy Conservation.
Lorentz Covariant Generalization is the solves of Energy Conservation.
Superstring Theory is the relates to of Energy Conservation.
Relative Sign is the affects of Momentum Conservation Condition.
Formalism is the solves of Momentum Conservation Condition.
D-Particle is the affects of Amplitudes.
Amplitudes is the relates to of Field Theory.
Amplitudes is the relates to of String Theory.
D-Brane Interactions is the relates to of Amplitudes.
Acknowledgments is the acknowledges of Author.
Author collaborates John F. Wheater.
Author is the thanks for discussions of Theoretical Particle Physics And Cosmology Group.
Author is the thanks for discussions of Niels Bohr Institute.
Author is the thanks for discussions of Nordita.
Author is the thanks for invitation of Organizers.
Author initiates Rtn Workshop.
Rtn Workshop holds Copenhagen.
Author supports Nishina Memorial Foundation.
Appendix reviews Interaction Representation.
Interaction Representation is the defines of Schrodinger Representation.
Schrodinger Representation is the defines of Particle State.
Particle State is the defines of Amplitude.
Appendix reviews Worldsheet Action.
Worldsheet Action is the defines of Green'S Function.
Green'S Function is the defines of Disk Amplitude.
Disk Amplitude haves Vertices.
Vertices haves Scalar Open-String Vertices.
Disk Amplitude haves Connected Diagrams.
Disk Amplitude haves Disconnected Diagrams.
Appendix reviews Modification.
Modification is the affects of Extra Factor.
A. Sen publishs Open-Closed Duality At Tree Level.
A. Sen publishs Open-Closed Duality : Lessons From Matrix Model.
A. Sen publishs Rolling Tachyon Boundary State , Conserved Charges And Two Dimensional String Theory.