Classical Magnetoresistance is the occurs in of Metals.
Classical Magnetoresistance is the occurs in of Semiconductors.
Classical Magnetoresistance is the increases quadratically with of Free Electron Fermi Surface.
Classical Magnetoresistance is the increases with of Magnetic Field.
Classical Magnetoresistance is the saturates when of Zero-Magnetic-Field Mobility.
Linear Magnetoresistance reports Silver Chalcogenide.
Linear Magnetoresistance reports Indium Antimonide.
Linear Magnetoresistance reports Silicon.
Linear Magnetoresistance reports Mnas-Gaas Composite Material.
Linear Magnetoresistance reports Graphene.
Kapitza'S Linear Law is the indicates of Metals.
Kapitza'S Linear Law is the linear in of Magnetic Field.
Topological Insulators haves Ti Bise.
Topological Insulators studys Quantum-Limit Linear Magnetoresistance.
Abrikosov Model is the origin of of Quantum-Limit Linear Magnetoresistance.
Abrikosov Model suggests Homogenous System.
Abrikosov Model requires Gapless Linear Energy Spectrum.
Abrikosov Model requires Landau Levels.
Abrikosov Model requires Carrier Concentration.
Parish And Littlewood Model develops Quantum-Limit Linear Magnetoresistance.
Parish And Littlewood Model attributes Mobility Fluctuations.
Topological Insulators models Three-Dimensional Ti.
Two-Dimensional Magnetotransport investigates Three-Dimensional Ti.
Two-Dimensional Magnetotransport is the can appear within wide magnetic-field range of Positive Magnetoresistance.
Two-Dimensional Magnetotransport studys Ti Bise.
Two-Dimensional Magnetotransport studys Bise Nanoribbons.
Uniform Magnetic Field applys Three-Dimensional Ti.
Balance-Equation Approach generalizes Two-Dimensional Magnetotransport.
Many-Electron And Phonon System is the consists of of Two-Dimensional Magnetotransport.
Force-Balance Equation is the describes of Steady-State Transport.
Transverse Resistivity is the yields of Force-Balance Equation.
Longitudinal Resistivity is the yields of Force-Balance Equation.
Landau Levels uses Two-Dimensional Magnetotransport.
Positive Branch composes Landau Levels.
Negative Branch composes Landau Levels.
Zero Level composes Landau Levels.
Density-Of-States relates Landau Levels.
Landau Level Broadening is the causes of Landau Levels.