Experiments conducts Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider.
Experiments conducts Large Hadron Collider.
Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider is the able to produce and detect of Quark-Gluon Plasma.
Large Hadron Collider is the able to produce and detect of Quark-Gluon Plasma.
Nuclei is the participate in collisions of Hadrons.
Hadrons is the dissolve into of Partons.
Partons is the constitute of Quark-Gluon Plasma.
Quark-Gluon Plasma describes Perfect Fluid.
Particle Species produces Quark-Gluon Plasma.
Particle Species compares Ratios.
Collective Flow provides Hydrodynamics.
Nuclei results Quark-Gluon Plasma.
Pressure Gradients is the convert spatial anisotropy into anisotropy in momentum space of Anisotropy.
Matter Produced is the if noninteracting , effect not observed of Noninteracting.
Power Spectrum results Two Particle Correlation Function.
Elliptic Flow controls Coefficient.
Power Spectrum uses Initial Density Fluctuations.
Power Spectrum uses Hydrodynamic Response.
Hydrodynamic Fluctuations is the propagate through to of Particle Spectra.
Hydrodynamic Fluctuations is the propagate through to of Power Spectrum.
Staig And Shuryak authors Research Papers.
Linear Perturbations studys Power Spectrum.
Power Spectrum affects Initial Density Fluctuations.
Power Spectrum affects Viscosity.
Power Spectrum affects Freezeout Temperature.
Power Spectrum is the particular feature affected by properties of the quark-gluon plasma of First Minimum.
Power Spectrum is the dependent on properties of the quark-gluon plasma of Hydrodynamic Response.
Lacey conducts Investigation.
Initial State Fluctuations extracts Information.
Properties Of The Qgp extracts Information.
Events is the once averaged over many of Averaged.
Hydrodynamic Flow requires Computer Code.
Equations is the too complicated to solve analytically of Complicated.
Perturbations considers Analytical Flow.
Perturbations considers Known Analytical Flow.
Energy-Momentum Tensor considers Perturbed Energy-Momentum Tensor.
Energy-Momentum Tensor is the component of of Energy Density.
Energy-Momentum Tensor is the component of of Pressure.
Energy-Momentum Tensor is the component of of Four Velocity.
Energy-Momentum Tensor is the component of of Shear Viscosity.
Energy-Momentum Tensor is the component of of Bulk Viscosity.
Bjorken Flow uses Simplest Flow.
Bjorken Flow is the possesses in longitudinal direction of Boost Invariance.
Bjorken Flow is the possesses in transverse plane of Rotational Invariance.
Bjorken Flow is the possesses in transverse plane of Translational Invariance.
Gubser Flow is the possesses in transverse plane of Conformal Invariance.
Radially Expanding Analytical Fluid Flow is the allows for of Investigating.
Coordinate System is the exists for of Gubser Flow.
Metric associates Gubser Flow.
Gubser Flow associates Rescaled Metric.
Gubser Flow associates Transverse Scale.
Gubser Flow associates Coordinates.
Perturbations considers Energy-Momentum Tensor.
Energy Density perturbs Perturbations.
Pressure perturbs Perturbations.
Four Velocity perturbs Perturbations.
Shear Viscosity perturbs Perturbations.
Bulk Viscosity perturbs Perturbations.
Minimum locates Region.
State Perturbation is the ill defined of Eccentricities.
Region includes Experiment.
Investigations is the not support of Dependence.
Dependence is the depends on of Response.
Slope is the varies with of Linear Fits.
Features washs Averaging.
Method calculates Green S Functions.
Green S Functions linearizes Gubser Flow.
Gubser Flow is the examine of Two-Point Functions.
Two-Point Functions is the at of Central Rapidity.
Method extends Central Rapidity.
Sloan Foundation supports Award No. Br2012 - 038.
Doe supports Award No. De - Sc0008132.
Pilar Staig is the correspondence with of Illumination.
Edward Shuryak is the correspondence with of Illumination.
J. Nagle is the discussions with of Fruitful Discussions.