Variable Stars is the contribute to of Dwarf Galaxies.
Variable Stars is the contribute to of Star Formation History.
Measurements is the contribute to of Variable Stars.
Variable Stars is the contribute to of Distance Determinations.
Variable Stars is the contribute to of Population Analysis.
Tracers is the contribute to of Star Formation History.
Data Set is the part of of Monitoring Program.
Red Long-Period Variables is the part of of Data Set.
Long Period Variables is the part of of Data Set.
Cepheids is the part of of Data Set.
Galaxies observes Dwarf Galaxies.
Observations is the part of of Monitoring Program.
Difference Images derives Observations.
Lightcurves extracts Reduced Data.
Photometric Calibration bases Hst Data.
Test Case applys Leo A Dwarf Galaxy.
Variable Star Candidates detects Leo A Dwarf Galaxy.
Lpvs detects Leo A Dwarf Galaxy.
Cephei Stars detects Leo A Dwarf Galaxy.
Cephei Stars describes Dolphin Et Al..
Cephei Stars is the previously described by of Dolphin Et Al..
Cephei Stars fails Dolphin Et Al..
Cephei Stars is the applied period value to of Dolphin Et Al..
Cephei Stars is the yields reasonable results of Dolphin Et Al..
Color Magnitude Diagram bases Hst Data.
Lpvs locates Color Magnitude Diagram.
Distance Modulus finds Leo A Dwarf Galaxy.
Distance Modulus is the supports distance estimate for of Leo A Dwarf Galaxy.
Period-Luminosity Relation shifts Smc.
Period-Luminosity Relation is the supports relation of Distance Determined By Tolstoy Et Al..
Asymptotic Giant Branch Stars indicates Color Magnitude Diagram.
Statistic is the guides reconstruction of star formation history of Appearance Of Intermediate Age Stars.
Alard implements Lupton.
Dolphin references Mateo.
Dolphin references Gssl.
Gssl collaborates Riffeser.
Gssl collaborates Riffeser.
Lomb implements Scargle.
Mateo references Sandage.
Mateo references Carlson.
Schulte-Ladbeck collaborates Tolstoy.
Schulte-Ladbeck collaborates Tolstoy.
Schulte-Ladbeck collaborates Tolstoy.
Drozdovsky thanks Schulte-Ladbeck.
Maraston thanks Schulte-Ladbeck.
R.E. Schulte-Ladbeck thanks Schulte-Ladbeck.
E. Tolstoy thanks Schulte-Ladbeck.
J. Fliri collaborates A. Riffeser.
J. Fliri collaborates A. Riffeser.
Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft Grant supports Ho 1812/3 - 1.
Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft Grant supports Ho 1812/3 - 2.