Bound State is the transition of Electron.
Wave Function is the describes of Bound State.
Energy is the describes of Bound State.
Continuum State is the transition of Electron.
Wave Function is the describes of Continuum State.
Energy is the describes of Continuum State.
Qd Chain is the transition of Electron.
Ground States is the describes of Wave Function.
Individual Dots confines Ground States.
Position is the describes of Individual Dots.
Eigenstates obtains Qd Chain.
Effective Chain Hamiltonian is the describes of Eigenstates.
Coupling Constant is the determines of Effective Chain Hamiltonian.
Barrier is the depends on of Coupling Constant.
Band Edge Mismatch is the depends on of Barrier.
Host Materials is the depends on of Barrier.
Inter-Dot Distance is the determines of Barrier.
Overlap assumes Qd Chain.
Inhomogeneity takes Qd Chain.
Gaussian Distribution is the describes of Inhomogeneity.
Quantum Harmonic Oscillator uses Gaussian Distribution.
Bulk Electron States assumes Qd Chain.
Plane Waves assumes Bulk Electron States.
Orthogonalized is the orthogonalizes of Bulk Electron States.
Dipole Hamiltonian is the describes interaction of Qd Chain.
Elementary Charge uses Dipole Hamiltonian.
Electric Field is the describes interaction of Dipole Hamiltonian.
Monochromatic Laser Light is the describes interaction of Dipole Hamiltonian.
Vacuum Permittivity is the describes medium property of Monochromatic Laser Light.
Dielectric Constant is the describes medium property of Monochromatic Laser Light.
Amplitude is the describes property of Monochromatic Laser Light.
Polarization is the describes property of Monochromatic Laser Light.
Wave Vector is the describes property of Monochromatic Laser Light.
Refractive Index is the describes property of Monochromatic Laser Light.
Thermal Radiation is the describes interaction of Dipole Hamiltonian.
Annihilation Operator is the describes property of Thermal Radiation.
Formal Normalization Volume is the describes property of Thermal Radiation.
Solar Radiation is the describes property of Thermal Radiation.
Carrier Collection assumes Solar Radiation.
Coherent Light is the describes property of Thermal Radiation.
Frequency is the describes property of Coherent Light.
Transition Rate is the describes property of Coherent Light.
Fermi Golden Rule uses Transition Rate.
Energy Density is the describes property of Fermi Golden Rule.
Broad Band Thermal Radiation is the describes property of Fermi Golden Rule.
Photon is the absorbed of Broad Band Thermal Radiation.
Wave Vector is the describes property of Photon.
Bose Distribution is the describes property of Broad Band Thermal Radiation.
Transition Matrix Elements is the describes property of Broad Band Thermal Radiation.
Photon Absorption Rate is the describes property of Broad Band Thermal Radiation.
Spectral Distribution is the describes property of Photon Absorption Rate.
Planck Law is the describes property of Spectral Distribution.
Numerical Calculations presents Results.
Inas/Gaas Structure is the focus of simulations of Numerical Calculations.
Tunnel Coupling gives Numerical Calculations.
Intraband Absorption Spectra is the focus of simulations of Numerical Calculations.
Coherent Monochromatic Light is the illumination source of Intraband Absorption Spectra.
Unpolarized Light is the illumination source of Intraband Absorption Spectra.
Angle Of Incidence varys Intraband Absorption Spectra.
Inter-Dot Coupling varys Intraband Absorption Spectra.
Temperature varys Intraband Absorption Spectra.
Absorption Peaks is the result of interference effects of Intraband Absorption Spectra.
Interference Effects is the cause of peaks of Absorption Peaks.
Electron State delocalizes Interference Effects.
Disorder is the affects states of Interference Effects.
On-Site Energies is the form of disorder of Disorder.
Localization is the leads to of Disorder.
Transition Amplitudes affects Interference Effects.
Geometries varys Transition Amplitudes.
Temperature varys Intraband Absorption Spectra.
Black Body Radiation is the illumination source of Intraband Absorption Spectra.
Incident Flux normalizes Black Body Radiation.
Spectral Distribution is the comparison with transition rates of Intraband Absorption Spectra.
Energy is the describes property of Spectral Distribution.
Inhomogeneity is the affects spectrum of Spectral Distribution.
Transition Rate is the comparison with absorption spectra of Spectral Distribution.
Photon Energies integrates Transition Rate.
Absorbed Photon involves Transition Rate.
Absorption Spectra is the comparison with transition rates of Transition Rate.
Spectral Densities is the enhance transition rate of Absorption Spectra.
Spectral Density haves Radiation.
Energy Differences is the difference with of Initial States.
Energy Differences is the difference with of Final States.
Function is the depends on of Chain Length.
Chain Length is the affects of Total Transition Rate.
Chains is the affects of Temperatures.
Total Transition Rate is the contributes to of High-Frequency Contributions.
High-Frequency Contributions is the contributes to of High-Energy Absorption Features.
Qd Stack is the contains of High-Energy Absorption Features.
Total Transition Rate is the affects of Temperature.
Model is the describes of Electron States.
Model is the describes of Intraband Absorption Spectra.
Transitions is the from to of Qd Pseudo-Band.
Qd Pseudo-Band is the transitions to of Conduction Band.
Model is the describes of Absorption Spectra.
Absorption Spectra is the depends on of Degree Of Inhomogeneity.
Absorption Spectra is the depends on of Number Of Qds.
Absorption Spectra is the depends on of Inter-Dot Separation.
Absorption Spectra is the depends on of Temperature.
Absorption Spectra is the depends on of Illumination Conditions.
Absorption Spectra dominates Interference Effects.
Interference Effects is the leads to of Absorption Maxima.
Chain Length Exceeds 10 Dots dominates Structured Absorption Spectrum.
Transition Rate Under Illumination is the affects of Number Of Qds.
Number Of Qds is the affects of Total Transition Rate.
Number Of Qds is the affects of Structured Absorption Spectrum.
Qd Transition Energies is the comparable with of Inter-Dot Coupling.
Inter-Dot Coupling is the essential for of Structured Absorption Spectrum.
Strong Coupling is the maintains of Chain Absorption Features.
Strong Coupling is the essential for of High Temperatures.
Stack Of Qds is the manifests of Absorption Features.
Absorption Features is the characteristic of of Qd Chains.
Absorption Features is the stable against of Features.
Features is the stable against of Temperatures.
Features is the stable against of Energy Inhomogeneities.
Dots is the sufficiently of Strong Coupling.
Qd Chain is the slightly increases of Absorption.
Qd Chain compares Single Dot.
Absorption dominates High-Energy Photons.
High-Energy Photons is the may lead to of Interband Absorption.
Absorption reduces Tunneling.
Tunneling is the avoid of Carrier Escape.