Graphene is the center of research of Research.
Graphene is the application in field of Optoelectronics.
Graphene is the application in field of Photonics.
Graphene is the application in field of Plasmonics.
Graphene is the material for application of Photonic Applications.
Graphene is the material for device of Fast Photodetectors.
Graphene is the material for device of Transparent Electrodes.
Graphene is the material for device of Displays.
Graphene is the material for device of Photovoltaic Modules.
Graphene is the material for device of Optical Modulators.
Graphene is the material for device of Plasmonic Devices.
Graphene is the material for device of Microcavities.
Graphene is the material for device of Ultrafast Lasers.
Light is the interacts with of Matter.
Light is the interacts with of Graphene.
Graphene is the creates of Hot Electron Distribution.
Hot Electron Distribution is the transitions to of Thermalized Fermi-Dirac Distribution.
Thermalized Fermi-Dirac Distribution is the transitions to of Thermal Equilibrium.
Pump-Probe Spectroscopy is the applies to material of Graphene.
Many-Body Diagrammatic Perturbation Theory is the applies to material of Graphene.
Electron-Electron Interactions is the affects material of Graphene.
Graphene is the involves of Collinear Events.
Collinear Events is the involves of Graphene.
Collinear Events is the leads to of Scattering Processes.
Quasiparticle Decay Rates is the affects material of Graphene.
Transport Coefficients is the affects material of Graphene.
Energy-Momentum Dispersion Relation is the affects material of Graphene.
Quasiparticle Spectrum is the affects material of Graphene.
Screening is the affects material of Graphene.
Band Structure is the affects material of Graphene.
Trigonal Warping is the affects material of Graphene.
Carrier Multiplication is the affects material of Graphene.
Auger Processes is the affects material of Graphene.
Impact Ionization is the affects material of Graphene.
Auger Recombination is the affects material of Graphene.
Density Of Electron-Hole Pairs is the affects material of Graphene.
Population Inversion is the affects material of Graphene.
Carrier Density is the affects material of Graphene.
Electron-Optical Phonon Scattering is the affects material of Graphene.
Polarization Function is the affects material of Graphene.
Dielectric Constant is the affects material of Graphene.
Chirality Factor is the affects material of Graphene.
Xcite is the controls of Xmath34.
Xcite is the describes of Xmath37.
Xmath37 is the contains of Xmath38.
Xmath38 includes Xmath39.
Xmath38 is the corresponds to of Xmath41.
Xmath42 is the matters for electrons with energy of several hundred above the fermi energy of Xmath44.
Xmath42 is the responsible for intra-valley scattering of Xmath45.
Xmath43 is the responsible for inter-valley scattering of Xmath45.
Xmath45 denotes Xmath48.
Xcite is the contributes to of Xmath49.
Xmath50 represents Xmath51.
Xmath51 is the from of Xmath52.
Xmath51 is the to of Xmath55.
Xmath51 suppresss Xmath58.
Xmath51 is the corresponds to of Xmath59.
Xmath51 is the corresponds to of Xmath60.
Xmath61 is the can be written as of Xmath62.
Xmath61 is the can be written as of Xmath62.
Xmath61 is the can be written as of Xmath62.
Xmath63 is the denotes of Xmath64.
Xmath42 dominates Xmath70.
Xmath43 takes Xmath72.
Xmath43 is the can experience a substantial speed-up of Xmath73.
Xmath74 is the depends on of Xmath75.
Xmath76 is the depends on of Xmath77.
Xmath78 is the negligible with respect to of Xmath79.
Xmath79 haves Xmath80.
Xmath79 haves Xmath81.
Xmath86 is the depends on of Xmath87.
Xmath87 is the contributes to of Xmath88.
Xmath87 is the contributes to of Xmath89.
Xmath91 is the depends on of Xmath92.
Xmath92 defines Xmath93.
Quasiparticle Approximation applys Finite Lifetime.
2D Mdfs applys Quasiparticle Approximation.
Two-Body Collisions is the yields of Collinear Processes.
Collinear Processes vanishs Scattering Rates.
Quasiparticles haves Finite Lifetime.
Quasiparticles is the contribution to of Coulomb Kernel.
Elliptic Coordinates is the introduce for evaluation of Coulomb Kernel.
Momentum Space is the defines conic section in of Elliptic Coordinates.
Integration Variables is the between disappear of Non-Linear Combinations.
Triangles fixs Geometric Configurations.
Intra-Band Processes is the pertains to of Inter-Band Processes.
Inter-Band Processes is the pertains to of Auger Processes.
Sbe is the solve with of Non-Equilibrium Initial Conditions.
Delta Distribution broadens Quasiparticle Spectral Function.
Screening is the suppresses and regularizes of Kernel.
Ultraviolet Cut-Off is the yields of Coulomb Kernel.
Logarithmic Enhancements discusss Sbe.
Shear Viscosity is the low in of 2D Fermions.
Bare Coulomb Potential substitutes Screening.
Fermi Golden Rule is the neglects of Many-Body Effects.
Many-Body Effects is the neglects of Electronic Screening.
Electronic Screening is the preempts of Screening.
Rpa Dynamical Dielectric Function is the diverges for of Collinear Scattering Configurations.
Matrix Element obtains Screened Potential.
Exchange Contributions dos Particle Number Conservation.
Shielded Potential Approximation is the corresponds to of Conserving.
Dielectric Function gives Screening.
Polarization Function is the compute for of Screening.
Thermalization is the occurs on of Polarization Function.
Eq : Distrotwomu is the assumption of Distrotwomu.
Eq : Distrotwomu is the assumption of Xmath194.
Eq : Distrotwomu is the assumption of Xmath195.
Eq : Distrotwomu sees Ssec : Timescales.
Eq : Distrotwomu is the time scale of Xmath197.
Eq : Distrotwomu is the estimation of Xmath69.
Eq : Distrotwomu is the estimation of Xmath194.
Eq : Distrotwomu is the estimation of Xmath196.
Eq : Distrotwomu is the fitting of Eq : Polarization.
Eq : Polarization is the calculation of Xmath10.
Eq : Polarization is the thermal ansatz of Eq : Distrotwomu.
Eq : Polarization is the physical representation of Xmath198.
Eq : Polarization is the unknown function of Xmath192.
Eq : Polarization is the unknown function of Xmath193.
Eq : Polarization is the unknown function of Xmath194.
Eq : Polarization is the calculation of Xmath199.
Eq : Polarization is the calculation of Xmath200.
Eq : Polarization is the result of Xmath201.
Eq : Polarization is the derivation of Eq : Lindhardtwomu.
Eq : Lindhardtwomu is the main result of Lindhardtwomu.
Eq : Lindhardtwomu is the identity of Xmath205.
Eq : Lindhardtwomu is the identity of Xmath206.
Eq : Lindhardtwomu is the identity of Xmath207.
Eq : Lindhardtwomu is the plots of Xmath208.
Eq : Lindhardtwomu rescales Xmath209.
Eq : Lindhardtwomu rescales Xmath210.
Eq : Lindhardtwomu rescales Xmath77.
Eq : Lindhardtwomu rescales Xmath211.
Eq : Lindhardtwomu is the definition of Eq : Fermienergyconduction.
Eq : Fermienergyconduction is the main result of Fermienergyconduction.
Eq : Fermienergyconduction is the function of Xmath212.
Eq : Fermienergyconduction is the singularity of Xmath213.
Eq : Fermienergyconduction is the singularity of Xmath214.
Eq : Fermienergyconduction is the singularity of Xmath215.
Eq : Fermienergyconduction is the singularity of Xmath216.
Eq : Fermienergyconduction is the approximation of Xmath217.
Eq : Fermienergyconduction is the approximation of Eq : Polarization.
Eq : Fermienergyconduction is the approximation of Eq : Finalapproximation.
Eq : Finalapproximation screens Finalapproximation.
Eq : Finalapproximation is the final approximation of Xmath216.
Eq : Finalapproximation is the auger contribution of Augerresult.
Eq : Finalapproximation is the energy transfer of Xmath218.
Eq : Finalapproximation is the static screening of Xmath219.
Eq : Finalapproximation is the energy transfer of Xmath220.
Eq : Finalapproximation is the regularization of Xmath221.
Eq : Finalapproximation is the limit of Xmath222.
Eq : Finalapproximation is the dynamical screening of Xmath223.
Eq : Finalapproximation regularizes Xmath224.
Eq : Finalapproximation screens Xmath225.
Eq : Finalapproximation is the initial condition of Xmath226.
Eq : Finalapproximation is the initial condition of Xmath227.
Eq : Finalapproximation is the energy transfer of Xmath228.
Eq : Finalapproximation is the energy transfer of Xmath229.
Eq : Finalapproximation is the width of Xmath230.
Eq : Finalapproximation is the parameters of Xmath231.
Eq : Finalapproximation is the parameters of Xmath232.
Eq : Finalapproximation is the parameters of Xmath233.
Eq : Finalapproximation is the energy transfer of Xmath237.
Eq : Finalapproximation is the epc of Xmath238.
Eq : Finalapproximation is the peak of Xmath239.
Eq : Finalapproximation is the epc of Xmath241.
Eq : Finalapproximation is the renormalization of Xmath242.
Eq : Finalapproximation is the epc of Xmath243.
Eq : Finalapproximation is the epc of Xmath244.
Eq : Finalapproximation is the decay rate of Xmath245.
Eq : Finalapproximation is the strength of Xmath246.
Eq : Finalapproximation is the substrate of Xmath247.
Eq : Finalapproximation is the time scale of Xmath248.
Eq : Finalapproximation is the time scale of Xmath249.
Eq : Finalapproximation is the temperature of Xmath250.
Eq : Finalapproximation is the chemical potential of Xmath251.
Eq : Finalapproximation is the conduction band of Xmath252.
Eq : Finalapproximation is the numerical results of Xmath253.
Eq : Finalapproximation is the numerical results of Xmath254.
Screening is the dominates of Relaxation Dynamics.
Coulomb Collision Integral is the distinguishes of Screening.
Screening Models is the impact on of Collinear Scattering Singularities.
Screening Models elucidates Relaxation Dynamics.
Variables is the include of Electron Energy States.
Variables is the include of Phonon Modes.
Variables is the include of Phonon Energies.
Variables is the include of Electron Population.
Semiclassical Boltzmann Equation solves Kernels.
Kernels is the compute of Phonon Kernels.
Kernels is the compute of Coulomb Kernel.
Coulomb Kernel is the scales with of States.
Coulomb Kernel is the update rate depends on of Variables.
Electron Population is the estimate of Electron Distribution.
Electron Distribution is the fit of Variables.
Electron Distribution is the check consistency with of Variables.
Electron Distribution is the compute of Variables.
Electron Distribution is the use to compute of Variables.
Variables is the evaluate on of Polarization Function.
Polarization Function is the perform integration over of Transferred Wave Vector.
Polarization Function is the perform integration over of Frequency.
Transferred Wave Vector is the match values with of Total Momentum.
Transferred Wave Vector is the match values with of Frequency.
Total Momentum is the perform integration over of Polarization Function.
Total Momentum resolves Variables.
Total Momentum is the avoid collinear divergence by restricting integration variable in interval of Variables.
Variables is the use in numerical solution of Time Step.
Variables discretizes Mesh.