Competition is the underlies of Condensed Matter Systems.
Competition is the underlies of Unconventional Phenomena.
Competition is the outcome is of Phase Separation.
Materials is the show of Colossal Magnetoresistance.
Magnetic Interactions is the lead to of Phase Separation.
Magnetic Interactions is the compete with of Conducting Ferromagnetic Regions.
Magnetic Interactions is the compete with of Insulating Antiferromagnetic Regions.
External Magnetic Field uses Resistance Control.
Resistance Control is the offers applications in of Electronic Devices.
Materials is the show of Cuprate Superconductors.
Antiferromagnetism is the compete with of Superconductivity.
Antiferromagnetism is the forms basis for observed phenomena of Superconductivity.
Materials is the object of of Stripe Phase.
Stripe Phase is the forms between of Atomic-Scale Phase Separation.
Stripe Phase is the contains of Superconducting Regions.
Self-Organizing Heterostructures is the reflect effects of of Electronic Correlations.
Electronic Correlations is the essential to understand mechanism of of High-Temperature Superconductivity.
Competition is the forms foundation for physics of of Iron-Based Superconductors.
Antiferromagnetism is the compete in of Superconductivity.
Iron-Based Superconductors is the emerges upon suppression of of Tetragonal Superconducting Phase.
Orthorhombic Antiferromagnetic Phase suppresss Iron-Based Superconductors.
Iron-Based Superconductors haves Quasi-Two-Dimensional Atomic Structure.
Iron-Based Superconductors is the weak in of Interplane Coupling.
Doping is the impacts of Phase Diagram.
Doping is the varies between of Competition.
Doping is the varies between of Structural Families.
Structural Families is the defy search for of Universal Properties.
Structural Families is the open avenues for of Phase Separation.
Structural Families is the open avenues for of Heterostructures.
Structural Families is the provide clues to mechanism of of High-Temperature Superconductivity.
111 Family bases Lifeas.
111 Family bases Nafeas.
Nafeas is the undergoes of Structural Transition.
Nafeas is the undergoes of Magnetic Transition.
Magnetic Transition is the transitions to of Antiferromagnetic Phase.
Magnetic Transition is the leads to of Ordered Moments.
Nafeas haves Ordered Moments.
Nafeas is the weak in of Interlayer Coupling.
Nafeas is the among the best in of Crystal Quality.
Nafeas is the homogeneous in of Dopant Distribution.
111 Family is the for of Underdoped Compounds.
Underdoped Compounds suggests Inhomogeneous Antiferromagnetism.
Underdoped Compounds suggests Superconductivity.
Underdoped Compounds suggests Transport.
Underdoped Compounds suggests Angle-Resolved Photoemission Spectroscopy.
Underdoped Compounds suggests Scanning Tunneling Microscopy.
Nmr Measurements is the exploits power to resolve of Cohabitation.
Nmr Measurements is the resolves appearance and properties of of Afm Phases.
Doping is the affects of Cohabitation.
Nmr Measurements is the confirms cohabitation of of Afm Phases.
Nmr Measurements is the finds constant volume fraction of of Afm Phases.
Nmr Measurements suggests Paramagnetic Phase.
Doping is the affects appearance of of Afm Phases.
Nmr Measurements is the resolves appearance and properties of of Afm Phases.
Nmr Measurements is the finds onset of regions of antiferromagnetism below of Afm Phases.
Nmr Measurements is the suppresses both ordered moments and magnetic volume fraction of Magnetic Field.
Nmr Measurements is the enters in paramagnetic phase of Superconductivity.
Nmr Measurements is the increases volume fraction at expense of afm region of Superconductivity.
Nmr Measurements is the suppresses afm order and critical afm fluctuations below of Superconductivity.
Nmr Measurements is the forms mechanism to avoid afm quantum critical point of Superconductivity.
Antiferromagnetism is the excludes each other of Superconductivity.
Antiferromagnetism is the leads to volume competition between regions of established phases of Superconductivity.
Temperature is the controls of Volume Competition.
Magnetic Field is the controls of Volume Competition.
Iron-Based Superconductors is the exists in many of Volume Competition.
Iron-Based Superconductors is the involves of Nanoscale Phase Separation.
Nanoscale Phase Separation bes Depleted Iron Selenide Materials.
Depleted Iron Selenide Materials appears 245.
Depleted Iron Selenide Materials accompanys Afm Phase.
Depleted Iron Selenide Materials accompanys Pm Phase.
Pm Phase is the turns into of Sc Phase.
Nanoscale Phase Separation is the causes of Vacancy-Induced Structural Inhomogeneity.
Vacancy-Induced Structural Inhomogeneity causes Doping Inhomogeneity.
Nafe2Co3As is the excludes of Nanoscale Phase Separation.
Magnetic Domain Walls is the arises from of Proximity Superconductivity.
Underdoped Regime is the supports of Proximity Magnetism.
Naco175 is the evolution to of Optimal Doping.
Naco175 gives Pm Sites.
Naco175 gives Magnetic Sites.
Naco175 is the onset temperature of Antiferromagnetism.
Naco175 is the onset temperature of Superconductivity.
Naco175 determines Magnetic Volume Fraction.
Naco175 estimates Ordered Moment.
Naco175 is the affects of Rf Screening.
Naco175 is the increases of Sc Volume Fraction.
Naco175 is the demonstrates of Volume Competition.
Naco175 is the occupies of Singlet Superconductivity.
Naco175 is the causes of Vortex Structure.
Naco175 is the consistent with of Local-Moment Fluctuations.
Naco175 is the consistent with of Spin Fluctuations.
Naco175 is the consistent with of Itinerant Electrons.
Naco175 is the consistent with of Fermi Surface.
Naco175 is the due to of Thermal Excitation.
Naco175 takes 2D.
Naco175 is the characteristic of of Low-Energy Itinerant Spin Fluctuations.
Naco175 believes Arpes Measurements.
Iron-Based Sc Systems is the relation of Lattice.
Iron-Based Sc Systems is the relation of Magnetism.
Transition is the relation of Lattice.
Transition is the relation of Magnetism.
Iron-Based Sc Systems is the relation of Coupling.
Iron-Based Sc Systems is the relation of Subcritical.
Iron-Based Sc Systems is the relation of Doping.
Iron-Based Sc Systems is the relation of Optimal Doping.
Iron-Based Sc Systems is the relation of Transport Studies.
Antiferromagnetism is the relation of Superconductivity.
Phase-Separated Regions is the relation of Antiferromagnetism.
Phase-Separated Regions is the relation of Superconductivity.
Phase Diagram is the relation of Optimal Doping.
Volume Competition is the relation of Antiferromagnetism.
Volume Competition is the relation of Superconductivity.
Microscopic Phase Separation is the relation of Phase-Separated Regions.
Iron-Based Sc Systems is the relation of Two-Dimensional Nature.
Iron-Based Sc Systems is the relation of Fermi Surface.
Fermi Surface is the relation of Electronic Order Parameter.
Nanoscale Phase Separation is the relation of Bulk Magnetic Order.
Bulk Magnetic Order is the relation of Proximity Effects.
Spin Fluctuations is the relation of Valence Electrons.
Spin Fluctuations is the relation of Conduction Electrons.
Local-Moment Magnetism is the relation of Itinerant Electrons.
Xmath13 is the weak contribution of Xmath96.
Xmath96 is the inter plane interaction of Xmath13.
Xmath13 is the exceeds of Xmath8.
Xmath6 is the exceeds of Xmath13.
Xmath6 is the exceeds of Xmath8.
Xmath6 is the suppression of Xmath13.
Xmath6 is the suppression of Xmath8.
Xmath6 is the competes with of Xmath13.
Xmath6 is the competes with of Xmath8.
Xmath6 is the win against of Xmath13.
Xmath6 is the win against of Xmath8.
Xmath6 is the competition effect of Xmath13.
Xmath6 is the competition effect of Xmath8.
Xmath6 is the phase transition of Xmath13.
Xmath6 is the phase transition of Xmath8.
Xmath6 drives Xmath13.
Xmath6 drives Xmath8.
Xmath6 is the sensitivity to doping of Xmath13.
Xmath6 is the sensitivity to doping of Xmath8.
Xmath6 is the origin in of Xmath13.
Xmath6 is the origin in of Xmath8.
Xmath6 is the phase separation of Xmath13.
Xmath6 is the phase separation of Xmath8.
Xmath6 is the excellent system of Xmath13.
Xmath6 is the excellent system of Xmath8.