1997 Zakopane School is the describes of Speculative Hypothesis.
1997 Zakopane School is the describes of Phenomenological Techniques.
1997 Zakopane School is the describes of Experimental Data.
1997 Zakopane School is the mentions of Fermilab Tevatron Collider.
1997 Zakopane School is the mentions of Experiment T864 (Minimax).
1997 Zakopane School is the mentions of Wa98 Experiment.
1997 Zakopane School is the mentions of Cern.
1997 Zakopane School is the mentions of Felix Initiative.
1997 Zakopane School is the mentions of Qcd.
Qcd is the describes of Colorless Hadrons.
Qcd is the describes of Confinement Mechanism.
Qcd is the describes of Chiral Flavor Symmetry.
Qcd is the describes of Pions.
Qcd is the describes of Constituent Quark Model.
Qcd is the describes of Interaction Potential.
Qcd is the describes of Gluons.
Qcd is the describes of Low-Energy Effective Lagrangians.
Qcd is the describes of Instantons.
Qcd is the describes of Nambu-Jona-Lasinio Type Action.
Qcd is the describes of Constituent-Quark Spectroscopy.
Qcd is the describes of Chiral Effective Theory.
Qcd is the describes of Pionic Degrees Of Freedom.
Qcd is the describes of Higgs Sector.
Qcd is the describes of Chiral Effective Action.
Qcd is the mentions of Gasser And Leutwyler.
Qcd is the describes of Sigma Models.
Qcd is the describes of Dcc (Disoriented Chiral Condensate).
Dcc (Disoriented Chiral Condensate) is the describes of Space-Time Scale.
Dcc (Disoriented Chiral Condensate) is the describes of Linear Sigma Model.
Dcc (Disoriented Chiral Condensate) is the describes of Nonlinear Sigma Model.
Dcc (Disoriented Chiral Condensate) is the describes of Yukawa Couplings.
Dcc (Disoriented Chiral Condensate) is the describes of Goldstone System Of Pions.
Dcc (Disoriented Chiral Condensate) is the describes of Macroscopic Region.
Dcc (Disoriented Chiral Condensate) is the describes of Linear Sigma Model Fields.
Dcc (Disoriented Chiral Condensate) is the describes of Classical Equations Of Motion.
Dcc (Disoriented Chiral Condensate) is the describes of Quantum Corrections.
Dcc (Disoriented Chiral Condensate) is the describes of Mean-Field Approximation.
Dcc (Disoriented Chiral Condensate) is the describes of Tadpole Contributions.
Dcc (Disoriented Chiral Condensate) is the describes of Geometrical-Series Bubble Summations.
Dcc (Disoriented Chiral Condensate) is the describes of Boost-Invariant Solutions.
Dcc (Disoriented Chiral Condensate) is the describes of Heavy-Ion Disks.
Dcc (Disoriented Chiral Condensate) is the describes of Chiral Angle In Isospin Space.
Xmath22 decupleds Xmath23.
Xmath24 is the chiral orientation of Xmath25.
Xmath28 is the shape function of Xmath29.
Xmath33 is the triangular pulse of Xmath34.
Xmath36 is the source support of Xmath37.
Xmath38 is the vacuum field discontinuity of Xmath39.
Xmath40 is the fourier transform of Xmath41.
Xmath41 is the spectrum calculation of Xmath43.
Xmath53 is the probability calculation of Xmath54.
Xmath55 is the probability of production of Xmath56.
Xmath57 generates Xmath58.
Xmath59 is the weight function of Xmath60.
Xmath60 is the neutral fraction partition of Xmath61.