Entanglement haves Quantum Multipartite Systems.
Entanglement haves Quantum World.
Entanglement haves Quantum Information Processing.
Essential Features haves Entanglement.
Dynamical Behavior haves Entanglement.
Decoherence is the affects of Quantum System.
Entanglement Sudden Death (Esd) is the occurs in of Qubits.
Entanglement Sudden Death (Esd) is the accompanies of Markovian Decoherence.
Entanglement Sudden Death (Esd) is the accompanies of Entanglement Sudden Birth (Esb).
Entanglement Sudden Death (Esd) observes Experimentally.
Entanglement haves Optical System.
Entanglement is the plays of Constructive Role.
Constructive Role is the supports of Quantum Information Protocols.
Entanglement haves Finite Residual Entanglement.
Finite Residual Entanglement is the due to of Structured Environment.
Finite Residual Entanglement is the results from of Bound State.
Bound State is the involves of Qubit.
Bound State is the involves of Amplitude Damping Reservoir.
Dynamical Behaviors is the show of Entanglement.
Characters haves Entanglement.
Lpez_Et_Al is the asks about of Lost Entanglement.
Lost Entanglement is the of of Qubits.
Lost Entanglement transfers Reservoirs.
Lost Entanglement is the under of Markovian Amplitude-Damping Decoherence Dynamics.
Lost Entanglement is the accompanies of Entanglement Sudden Birth (Esb).
Spin Entanglement is the involves of Spin Degree Of Freedom.
Spin Entanglement is the involves of Momentum Degree Of Freedom.
Entanglement Dynamics is the studies of Entanglement.
Double Jaynes-Cummings (J-C) Model is the studies of Entanglement Dynamics.
Double Jaynes-Cummings (J-C) Model is the lacks of Decoherence.
Double Jaynes-Cummings (J-C) Model is the preserves of Initial Information.
Two Qubits is the interact with of Local Subsystems.
Hamiltonian is the describes of Local Subsystems.
Inversion Operators is the act on of Qubit.
Transition Frequency is the affects of Qubit.
Creation And Annihilation Operators is the act on of Radiation Field.
Coupling Strength is the determines of Qubit.
Unit Polarization Vector is the acts on of Radiation Field.
Dipole Moment is the affects of Qubit.
Free Space Permittivity is the affects of Qubit.
Ground State is the initial state of Qubit.
Excited State is the initial state of Qubit.
Integro-Differential Equation is the depends on of Spectral Density.
Normalized Collective State represents Reservoir.
Excitation is the involves of Reservoir.
Decay Rate is the affects of Qubit.
Master Equation is the traces over of Reservoir.
Reduced Density Matrix is the obtains for of Bipartite Subsystem.
Concurrence is the quantifies of Entanglement.
Entanglement Distribution is the distributes over of Bipartite Subsystem.
Steady State is the reaches in of Entanglement Distribution.
Photonic Band Gap (Pbg) Medium is the acts as of Reservoir.
Dispersion Relation is the describes of Photonic Band Gap (Pbg) Medium.
Dimensionless Constant is the determines of Kernel Function.
Numerical Integration is the uses of Integro-Differential Equation.
Unit Of Frequency is the uses of Numerical Integration.