Particles is the populate of Energy Bins.
Energy Bins is the belong to of System.
Energy Bins is the analyze of Halos.
Halos is the assign value of Rank Violation.
Rank Violation is the decrease violation of Mass.
Mass is the affect of Phenomenon.
Phenomenon identifys Halos.
Halos is the evaluate of Particles Per Bin.
Particles Per Bin is the determine of Coarse-Graining Level.
Linear Constraint imposes Dynamical System.
Dynamical System is the distribute of Characteristic Frequencies.
Characteristic Frequencies is the define of Angular Momentum.
Characteristic Frequencies is the define of Comoving Center Of Mass.
Comoving Center Of Mass is the partition of Energy Space.
Energy Space is the analyze of Redshifts.
Arnold'S Theorem is the compare of Mean Frequencies.
Mean Frequencies is the analyze of Halos.
Halos is the match of Arnold'S Theorem.
Halos is the relate of Virial Relations.
Mergers is the transfer of Orbital Energy.
Orbital Energy is the cause of Fluctuations.
Fluctuations is the affect of Stabilization Process.
Stabilization Process is the produce of Violent Relaxation.
Violent Relaxation is the affect of Mesoscopic Mixing.
Mesoscopic Mixing is the inefficient of Energy Space.
Lynden-Bell'S Theory is the contradict of Violent Relaxation.
Coarse-Graining Level is the measure of Kandrup Effect.
Arnold'S Theorem is the validate of Kandrup Effect.
Arnold'S Theorem is the violate of Kandrup Effect.
Particles is the violate of Kandrup Effect.
Kandrup Effect is the violate of Particles.
Particles is the preserve of Energy Rank.
Mergers is the submit to of Outer Regions.
Mergers is the increase of Fluctuations.
Fluctuations slows Stabilization Process.
Stabilization Process is the produce of Non-Homology.
Collapses is the differ from of Mergers.
Collapses is the affect of Scaling Relations.
Massive Halos is the obey of Arnold'S Theorem.
Less Massive Halos is the violate of Arnold'S Theorem.
Mesoscopic Constraint is the operate of Particles.
Particles is the observe of Kandrup Effect.
Particles is the exchange of Energy Rank.
Universal Vdf is the reach of Particles.
Energy Rank Preservation is the relate of Universal Vdf.
Scaling Relations is the origin of Virialized Systems.
Relaxation Process is the lack of Understanding.
Smith collaborates Longair.
Lynden-Bell collaborates May & Van Albada.
Padmanabhan supervises Pahre.
Quinn & Zurek collaborates Voglis, Hiotelis & Hoeflich.
Voglis, Hiotelis & Hoeflich collaborates Voglis, Hiotelis & Harsoula.
Zaroubi Et Al. collaborates White.