Hadron Production is the describes of Transverse Momentum.
Hadron Production is the occurs in of Hadronic Collisions.
Hadron Production is the occurs in of Nuclear Collisions.
Hadron Production is the involves of Hard Scattering.
Hard Scattering is the involves of Partons.
Hard Scattering follows Fragmentation.
Fragmentation is the involves of Partons.
Fragmentation is the results in of Hadron.
Fragmentation is the utilizes of Phenomenological Fragmentation Functions.
Hadron Production is the produces of Particles.
Particles detects Heavy-Ion Collisions.
Particles is the involves of Recombination.
Recombination is the involves of Partons.
Recombination is the results in of Hadron.
Recombination is the involves of Soft Partons.
Universal Description bases Hadronization.
Universal Description is the describes of Hadronization.
Recombination is the involves of Shower Partons.
Shower Partons is the quantifies of Properties.
Shower Partons is the involves of Recombination.
Shower Partons is the recombine with of Thermal Partons.
Particles is the occurs in of Heavy-Ion Collisions.
Shower Partons is the illustrates of Properties.
Shower Partons is the illustrates of Recombination.
Shower Partons is the quantifies of Recombination.
Shower Partons is the importance of of Recombination.
Shower Partons is the recombine with of Thermal Partons.
Shower Partons applys Recombination.
Shower Partons applys Heavy-Ion Collisions.
Shower Partons is the necessary for of Recombination.
Shower Partons treats Recombination.
Shower Partons is the result of of Recombination.
Shower Partons is the distributions of of Recombination.
Shower Partons is the introduce of Recombination.
Shower Partons is the determine of Recombination.
Shower Partons is the illustrate of Recombination.
Shower Partons quantifys Recombination.
Shower Partons is the importance of of Recombination.
Shower Partons is the properties of of Recombination.
Shower Partons is the distributions of of Recombination.
Shower Partons is the developed of Recombination.
Shower Partons considers Recombination.
Shower Partons is the depends on of Recombination.
Shower Partons determines Recombination.
Shower Partons applys Recombination.
Shower Partons fixs Recombination.
Shower Partons determines Recombination.
Shower Partons is the treat of Recombination.
Shower Partons is the depends on of Recombination.
Shower Partons is the not as important as of Recombination.
Recombination is the recombine with of Partons.
Recombination is the recombine with of Partons.
Recombination is the recover from of Partons.
Recombination defines Partons.
Recombination is the responsible for of Partons.
Recombination defines Partons.
Recombination calculates Partons.
Recombination dresss Partons.
Recombination converts Partons.
Recombination is the not included in of Partons.
Recombination is the not as important as of Partons.
Recombination is the not the same as of Partons.
Quarks is the form of Color-Singlet Clusters.
Gluons is the conversion of Quarks.
Gluons is the conversion of Antiquarks.
Color-Singlet Clusters is the decay of Hadron States.
Fitting Procedure obtains Experimental Data.
Fit gives Next-To-Leading Order.
Parameterized Forms gives Parameters.
Valence Quark is the distribution of Shower Partons.
Sea Quarks is the distribution of Shower Partons.
Gluon Jet is the distribution of Shower Partons.
Shower Partons is the recombination of Final Hadrons.
Qcd Models is the treatment of Color-Singlet Clusters.
Shower Partons is the formation of Final Hadrons.
Shower Partons is the independent of Partons.
Parton Cascade Model is the implementation of Monte Carlo Codes.
Parton Cascade Model is the track of Relativistic Transport Equations.
Cluster Formation considers Invariant Distance.
Cluster Decay is the use of Hagedorn Spectrum.
Cluster Decay is the use of Particle Data Table.
Rf S is the contain of Shower Partons.
Shower Partons is the independent of Shower Partons.
Shower Partons is the independent of Final Hadrons.
Shower Partons is the dress of Final Hadrons.
Shower Partons is the recombine of Final Hadrons.
Shower Partons is the form of Final Hadrons.
Shower Partons is the contain of Final Hadrons.
Shower Partons is the independent of Final Hadrons.
Shower Partons identifys Final Hadrons.
Shower Partons is the relate of Final Hadrons.
Shower Partons is the determine of Final Hadrons.
Shower Partons is the study of Final Hadrons.
Shower Partons is the use of Final Hadrons.
Shower Partons is the calculate of Final Hadrons.
Shower Partons is the exhibit of Final Hadrons.
Shower Partons is the provide of Final Hadrons.
Shower Partons is the answer of Final Hadrons.
Shower Partons is the interaction of Final Hadrons.
Shower Partons is the recovery of Final Hadrons.
Shower Partons is the extension of Final Hadrons.
Shower Partons is the remain of Final Hadrons.
Shower Partons is the adopt of Final Hadrons.
Shower Partons is the price of Final Hadrons.
Shower Partons is the study of Final Hadrons.
Shower Partons is the dependent of Final Hadrons.
Shower Partons is the model dependent of Final Hadrons.
Shower Partons is the useful of Final Hadrons.
Shower Partons is the fragmentation of Final Hadrons.
Shower Partons is the recombination of Final Hadrons.
Shower Partons is the formulation of Final Hadrons.
Shower Partons is the recovery of Final Hadrons.
Shower Partons is the extension of Final Hadrons.
Shower Partons is the recombination of Final Hadrons.
Lhc is the produces of Hard Partons.
Hard Partons requires Recombination.
Recombination is the involves of Jets.
Spds is the determines of Ffs.
Ffs is the determines of Spds.
Spds requires Parametrizations.
Parametrizations provides Spds.
Shower Partons is the interacts with of Medium.
Shower Partons is the interacts with of Environment.
Spds is the undergoes of Investigatory Evolution.
Ffs is the undergoes of Investigatory Evolution.
Investigatory Evolution is the proceeds in parallel with of Phenomenology.
Phenomenology is the applies to of Heavy-Ion Collisions.
S. Kretzer provides Communication.
U.S. Department Of Energy supports Grant.
Ministry Of Education Of China supports Grant.