Fusion-Evaporation Cross Sections is the challenge theoretical models of Energies.
Fusion-Evaporation Cross Sections is the challenge theoretical models of Fusion Hinderance Phenomena.
Fusion Hinderance Phenomena is the explain in true coupled-channels calculations of True Coupled-Channels Calculations.
Misicu And Esbensen is the describe in terms of reactions of Reactions.
Density-Dependent M3Y Interaction is the describe in terms of interaction of Misicu And Esbensen.
Density-Dependent M3Y Interaction modifys Repulsive Core Potential.
Repulsive Core Potential is the change shape of inner part to thicker barrier and shallower pocket of Barriers.
Deformations includes Hexadecapole.
Deformations is the integrate over all allowed values in the same plane of Orientation Degrees Of Freedom.
Dynamical Cluster-Decay Model (Dcm) is the describe by of Preformed Clusters.
Dynamical Cluster-Decay Model (Dcm) haves Barrier Modification Effects.
Dynamical Cluster-Decay Model (Dcm) is the fit fusion-evaporation cross section by of Neck-Length Parameter.
Barrier Lowering gives Dynamical Cluster-Decay Model (Dcm).
Barrier Lowering is the increase as incident energy decreases to sub-barrier energies of Incident Energy.
Calculations bases Deformations.
Calculations is the dependent on of Orientation.
Wong Formula includes Angular Momentum.
Wong Formula is the contain due to angular momentum-dependent barriers of Barrier Modification Effects.
Fusion-Evaporation Cross Sections is the modification essential for below-barrier energies of Barriers.
Fusion-Evaporation Cross Sections implements Barriers.
Fusion-Evaporation Cross Sections calculates Barriers.
Fusion-Evaporation Cross Sections integrates Multipole Deformations.
Dcm gives Barrier Lowering.
Dcm haves Barrier Modification Effects.
Sedf obtains Universal Function Of Proximity Potential.
Sedf is the introduce if needed by modifying fermi density parameters , constants of parametrized functions , or changing skyrme force of Barrier Modifications.
Sedf is the advantage of introducing at sub-barrier energies of Barrier Modifications.
Sedf is the exploit by changing skyrme force of Barrier Modifications.
Semiclassical Etf Approach provides Nuclear Proximity Potential.
Hamiltnian Density is the contains kinetic energy density and spin-orbit density as functions of nucleon density of Kinetic Energy Density.
Composite System adds Nuclear Proximity Potential.
Composite System is the interested in sudden densities of Adiabatic Approximation.
Composite System is the interested in sudden densities of Sudden Approximation.
Composite System is the define sudden densities with or without exchange effects of Exchange Effects.
Composite System is the define sudden densities without exchange effects of Frozen Density.
Thomas Fermi Kinetic Energy Density is the contains large part of exchange effects of Exchange Effects.
Thomas Fermi Kinetic Energy Density is the include exchange effects in full of Higher Order Terms.
Nuclear Interaction Potential obtains Sedf.
Nuclear Interaction Potential adds Coulomb Effects.
Nuclear Interaction Potential is the get by adding coulomb and centrifugal interactions of Total Interaction Potential.
Non-Sticking Moment-Of-Inertia is the use for fusion-evaporation cross-section of Fusion-Evaporation Cross-Section.
Interaction Potentials is the illustrate barrier height and position for different forces of Barrier Height.
Interaction Potentials shows Barrier Height.
Interaction Potentials is the use to fit fusion-evaporation cross-section of Fit Fusion-Evaporation Cross-Section.
Interaction Potentials is the need additional effects for other forces of Barrier Modification Effects.
Barrier Height is the evaluate for each @ xmath0 of Barrier Position.
Fusion Cross-Section is the calculate using barrier height and curvature of Interaction Potentials.
Fusion Cross-Section is the empirically add for best fit to measured cross-section of Barrier Modification Effects.
Fusion Cross-Section makes Fusion-Evaporation Cross-Section.
Skyrme Energy Density Formalism is the describes of Fusion-Evaporation Cross-Section Data.
Fusion-Evaporation Cross-Section Data is the relates to of Xmath1Ni.
Fusion-Evaporation Cross-Section Data is the relates to of Xmath2Mo.
Fusion-Evaporation Cross-Section Data is the utilizes of Syrme Force Gski.
Fusion-Evaporation Cross-Section Data is the depends on of Deduced Xmath110.
Deduced Xmath110 is the varies with of Xmath81.
Skyrme Forces Siii requires Fusion-Evaporation Cross-Section Data.
Skyrme Forces Sv requires Fusion-Evaporation Cross-Section Data.
Xmath3Ni is the relates to of Xmath3Ni.
Skyrme Forces Siii provides Fusion-Evaporation Cross-Section Data.
Skyrme Forces Siii is the depends on of Deduced Xmath110.
Skyrme Forces Siii is the varies with of Xmath81.
Skyrme Forces Sv is the depends on of Deduced Xmath110.
Skyrme Forces Sv is the varies with of Xmath81.
Skyrme Forces Gski is the depends on of Deduced Xmath110.
Skyrme Forces Gski is the varies with of Xmath81.
Skyrme Energy Density Formalism is the acknowledges of Financial Support.
Financial Support provides Department Of Science And Technology (Dst).
Financial Support provides Council Of Scientific And Industrial Research (Csir).