Thouless proposes Quantum Conductor.
Quantum Dots uses Quantum Conductor.
Technological Advances enables Quantum Pumps.
Technological Advances enables Spin Currents.
Technological Advances enables Nanoscale Conductors.
Theoretical Investigations focuss Adiabatic Pumping Regime.
Interaction Effects analyzes Adiabatic Pumping Regime.
Issues addresss Counting Statistics.
Issues addresss Memory Effects.
Issues proposes Charge Pumping.
Non-Adiabatic Pumping studys Photon-Assisted Tunneling.
Coulomb Blockade Regime is the dealt with in experiments of Quantum Pumping.
Coulomb Blockade Regime uses Diagrammatic Real-Time Transport Theory.
Coulomb Blockade Regime uses Propagation Method.
Density Matrices expresss Heisenberg Representation.
Anderson Interacting Single-Resonance Model is the standard model for of Resonant-Level Model.
Resonant-Level Model addresss Quantum Dot.
Resonant-Level Model uses Electron Transport.
Resonant-Level Model presents Hamiltonian.
Current Operator uses Equations Of Motion.
Wide-Band Limit is the defines decay rate of Lead Green Function.
Wide-Band Limit is the local in time of Decay Rate.
Lead Green Function uses Decay Rate.
Lead Green Function uses Equations Of Motion.
Equations Of Motion uses Current Matrices.
Negf Formalism derives Current Matrices.
Charge Conservation Equation uses Current Operator.
Auxiliary Current Matrices uses Two-Electron Density Matrix.
Two-Electron Density Matrix interprets Conditional Current.
Factorization is the simplest approximation of Auxiliary Current Matrices.
Factorization is the equivalent to of Hartree-Fock Approximation.
Hartree-Fock Approximation applys Two-Electron Green Function.
Anderson Model is the study of of Coulomb Blockade Regime.
Density Matrices is the approximation for of Second-Order Current Matrices.
Second-Order Current Matrices is the equation of motion for of Auxiliary Mode Expansion.
Reservoir Energy is the replacement by complex pole of Auxiliary Mode Expansion.
Fermi Function is the replacement by weight of Auxiliary Mode Expansion.
Auxiliary Mode Expansion is the expansion for of Current Matrices.
Current Matrices is the description of of Population Dynamics.
Population Dynamics obtains Charge Pumped.
Single-Gate Modulation is the realization of of Non-Adiabatic Pumping.