Cognitive Radio Systems is the operates in of Cognitive Radio Network.
Secondary Users is the transmit concurrently of Primary Users.
Secondary Users keeps Interference Power.
Broadcast Nature is the causes of Wireless Transmissions.
Broadcast Nature makes Eavesdropping.
Information-Theoretic Perspective is the defines of Secrecy Capacity.
Information-Theoretic Perspective is the studies of Wiretap Channel Model.
Secrecy Capacity is the attains of Transmitter.
Secrecy Capacity is the keeps ignorant of Eavesdropper.
Wiretap Channel Model is the extends to of Gaussian Channel.
Information-Theoretic Security is the investigates of Fading Multi-Antenna Channels.
Information-Theoretic Security is the investigates of Multiuser Channels.
Cooperative Relaying is the studies of Secrecy Constraints.
Amplify And Forward Relaying Scheme is the proposes of Beamforming Design.
Collaborative Relay Beamforming is the investigates of Secrecy Constraints.
Cognitive Relay Channel haves Source.
Cognitive Relay Channel haves Primary User.
Cognitive Relay Channel haves Destination.
Cognitive Relay Channel haves Eavesdropper.
Cognitive Relay Channel haves Relays.
Source is the transmits of Confidential Messages.
Source is the transmits to of Relays.
Source is the adheres to of Power Constraints.
Relays haves Channel Fading Coefficient.
Transmitter is the transmits to of Legitimate Receiver.
Transmitter is the transmits of Confidential Messages.
Received Signals includes Background Noise.
Received Signals is the receives at of Destination.
Received Signals is the receives at of Eavesdropper.
Scaling Factor is the ensures of Relay Output.
Total Relay Power Constraint is the imposes of Power Constraints.
Individual Power Constraints is the imposes of Power Constraints.
Secrecy Rate is the characterizes of Optimization Problem.
Null Space Beamforming Schemes is the reduces of Computational Complexity.
Schemes is the attain of Performance.
Schemes is the observe of Trends.
Fig:2 is the plot of Secrecy Rate.
Fig:2 is the plot of Null Space Beamforming Schemes.
Null Space Beamforming Schemes is the function of Interference Temperature Limit.
Interference Temperature Limit is the function of Bnep.
Interference Temperature Limit is the function of Bne.
Bnep is the achieve of Beamforming.
Bne is the achieve of Beamforming.
Beamforming is the function of Eavesdropper.
Beamforming is the function of Primary User.
Eavesdropper is the function of Bnep.
Primary User is the function of Bnep.
Bnep is the insignificant of Interference Temperature Limit.
Interference Temperature Limit is the insignificant of Bnep.
Bne is the insignificant of Interference Temperature Limit.
Interference Temperature Limit is the insignificant of Bne.
Bne is the achieve of Beamforming.
Bne is the achieve of Optimal Performance.
Bne is the insignificant of Interference Temperature Limit.
Interference Temperature Limit is the insignificant of Bne.
Collaborative Relay Beamforming is the study of Cognitive Radio Networks.
Collaborative Relay Beamforming is the study of Secrecy Constraints.
Collaborative Relay Beamforming is the investigate of Relay Power Constraints.
Semidefinite Programming Problem is the formulate of Optimization Framework.
Semidefinite Programming Problem is the provide of Optimization Framework.
Semidefinite Programming Problem is the propose of Optimization Framework.
Optimization Framework is the illustrate of Numerical Results.
Wyner is the author of The Wire-Tap Channel.
Csiszar is the author of Broadcast Channels With Confidential Messages.
Korner is the author of Broadcast Channels With Confidential Messages.
Nassab is the author of Distributed Beamforming For Relay Networks.
Shahbazpanahi is the author of Distributed Beamforming For Relay Networks.
Grami is the author of Distributed Beamforming For Relay Networks.
Luo is the author of Semidefinite Relaxation Of Quadratic Optimization Problems.
Zheng is the author of Robust Collaborative-Relay Beamforming.
Wong is the author of Robust Collaborative-Relay Beamforming.
Paulraj is the author of Robust Collaborative-Relay Beamforming.
Ottersten is the author of Robust Collaborative-Relay Beamforming.
Luo is the author of Semidefinite Relaxation Of Quadratic Optimization Problems.
Wing-Kin Ma is the author of Semidefinite Relaxation Of Quadratic Optimization Problems.
So is the author of Semidefinite Relaxation Of Quadratic Optimization Problems.
Yinyu Ye is the author of Semidefinite Relaxation Of Quadratic Optimization Problems.
Shuzhong Zhang is the author of Semidefinite Relaxation Of Quadratic Optimization Problems.
Lofberg is the author of Yalmip: A Toolbox For Modeling And Optimization In Matlab.
Boyd is the author of Convex Optimization.
Vandenberghe is the author of Convex Optimization.