Electron is the incident on of Superconductor.
Electron is the incident on of Normal Metal.
Electron discovers Andreev.
Electron is the forms with of Cooper Pair.
Electron is the leaves behind of Hole.
Hole is the results in propagation opposite direction of Momentum Conservation.
Charge Conservation is the ensures of Andreev.
Andreev is the applies to of Spintronics.
Point Contact Andreev Reflection is the probes spin polarization of of Ferromagnets.
Tight-Binding Based Scattering Theory is the finds poor fits to experimental data for of Ferromagnet-Superconductor Junctions.
Green'S Functions Theory is the produces excellent fitting to experimental data for of Ferromagnet-Superconductor Junctions.
Xia is the suggests interaction with superconductor not accounted for in blonder-tinkham-klapwijk model of Ferromagnet.
Simple Interpretation And Two-Parameter Btk Model Fitting calls Experimental Data.
Chen is the proposes unified model for andreev reflection at ferromagnet-superconductor interface with chien of Tesanovic.
Unified Model For Andreev Reflection At Ferromagnet-Superconductor Interface calls Eschrig.
Andreev Reflection measures Carbon Nanotubes.
Density Functional Theory uses Normal Metal-Molecule-Superconductor Junction.
Side Groups In Molecule is the leads to in andreev reflection spectra of Fano Resonances.
Topological Insulators characterizes Perfect Andreev Reflection.
Wang suggests Scattering Potential.
Conductance is the calculates conductance for sandwiched between normal and superconducting electrodes of Carbon Chains.
Self-Consistent Calculation is the should use superconducting version of of Density Functional Theory.
Non Self-Consistent Approach To Density Functional Theory Based Transport Calculations is the shows excellent agreement to for normal metal-superconductor junctions of Experimental Results.
Chen follows Tesanovic.
Section [ Formulation ] is the summarizes of Extended Btk Model.
Section [ Results ] is the presents results for of Cu-Pb.
Section [ Results ] is the presents results for of Co-Pb.
Section [ Results ] is the presents results for of Au-Al.
Section [ Results ] is the presents results for of Al-Cnt-Al.
Section [ Results ] includes Computational Details.
Section [ Conclusions ] is the summarizes of Extended Btk Model.
Andreev Reflection studys Normal - Superconductor Junctions.
Density Functional Theory uses Transport Calculations.
Transport Calculations uses Blonder - Tinkham - Klapwijk Model.
Au - Al Metal Junctions studys Normal - Superconductor Junctions.
Cu - Pb Metal Junctions studys Normal - Superconductor Junctions.
Transverse Momentum Resolved Analysis allows Brillouin Zone.
Superconducting State Conductance follows Normal State Conductance.
Andreev Reflection studys Co - Pb Ferromagnet - Superconductor Junctions.
Stray Magnetic Fields is the possible cause for discrepancy of Co - Pb Ferromagnet - Superconductor Junctions.
Proximity Effects is the possible cause for discrepancy of Co - Pb Ferromagnet - Superconductor Junctions.
Andreev Reflection studys Carbon Nanotubes.
Carbon Nanotubes sandwichs Normal Metal Electrodes.
Carbon Nanotubes sandwichs Superconducting Electrodes.
Majorana Fermions expects Topological Quantum Computing.
Majorana Fermions is the recently garnered significant attention in of Condensed Matter Community.
Majorana Fermions finds Spin - Orbit Nanowires.
Experimental Setups needs Spin - Orbit Nanowires.
Smeagol Code combines Order-@Xmath56 Implementation.
Irish Research Council provides Embark Initiative.
Kaust provides Acrab Project.
Trinity Centre For High Performance Computing provides Computational Resources.