Perturbative Qcd is the prominent feature of Jets.
Jets is the formation of Hadrons.
Jets is the quantitatively precise schemes of Cone Algorithms.
Cone Algorithms is the type of cone algorithms of Weinberg-Sterman.
Cone Algorithms is the type of cone algorithms of Clustering Algorithms.
Clustering Algorithms is the type of clustering algorithms of Jade.
Clustering Algorithms is the type of clustering algorithms of Durham Scheme.
Durham Scheme is the refinement of Cambridge Algorithm.
Jets is the traditional tool of Jet Production Cross Sections.
Jet Production Cross Sections is the investigate structure of Strong Interaction.
Jet Production Cross Sections is the deduce parameters of Fundamental Parameters.
Quark Masses is the vary with scale of Scale.
Quark Masses is the determine mass of Bottom-Quark.
Collider is the strategy of Three-Jet Production Cross Sections.
Quark Masses emits Gluons.
Quark Masses regularizes Collinear Divergences.
Collinear Divergences enhances Large Logarithms.
Large Logarithms is the increase significance of Measurement.
Large Logarithms is the need to resum simultaneously of Resummation.
Resummation is the address problem of Multiscale Problem.
Resummation is the resummation of logarithms of Sub-Jet Multiplicities.
Sub-Jet Multiplicities is the resummation in algorithms of Jet Algorithms.
Jet Algorithms is the provide predictions of Heavy Quark Production.
Jet Algorithms is the comparison of Next-To-Leading Order Calculations.
Jet Algorithms is the matching procedure of Event Shapes.
Event Shapes is the matching of expressions of Four-Jet Rate.
Event Shapes matchs Monte Carlo Event Generators.
Monte Carlo Event Generators matchs Collision Types.
Quark Masses is the branching processes of Branching Processes.
Branching Processes splits Splitting Functions.
Branching Processes is the factorization formula of Squared Amplitude.
Branching Processes is the yield probability of Sudakov Form Factors.
Sudakov Form Factors is the no emission between scales of Parton.
Parton is the scale for emission of Transverse Momentum Scales.
Jet Rates is the define single-flavour rates of Flavour.
Jet Rates resummeds Logarithmic Corrections.
Logarithmic Corrections is the study corrections of Kinematical Regime.
Logarithmic Corrections is the express corrections of Polynomials.
Polynomials is the order of coefficients of Order.
Polynomials is the active flavours in coefficients of Active Flavours.
Polynomials is the highlight effects of Mass Effects.
Mass Effects is the approximation for mass effects of Dead Cone.
Dead Cone is the no radiation off heavy quarks of Radiation.
Radiation is the set probabilities of Branching Probabilities.
Branching Probabilities is the mass effects in calculations of Quark Mass.
Quark Mass is the effect of top quark mass of Linear Collider.
Quark Mass is the effect of top quark mass of Top Quark Mass.
Quark Mass is the estimate mass effects of Jet Rates.
Jet Rates is the observable effects of Experimentally Relevant Region.
Jet Rates is the comparison with results of Fixed Order Results.
Fixed Order Results is the progress in matching of Matching.
Organizers creates Stimulating Atmosphere.
Organizers is the during workshop of Workshop.
Support is the useful comments of Comments.