Large Rapidity Gaps is the observation of Hadronic Final State.
Large Rapidity Gaps is the observation of Momentum Transfer.
Hadronic Final State is the observation of Large Rapidity Gaps.
Momentum Transfer is the observation of Large Rapidity Gaps.
Tevatron is the observation of Large Rapidity Gaps.
Hera is the observation of Large Rapidity Gaps.
Rapidity Gaps Between Jets Process is the observation of Large Rapidity Gaps.
Bjorken suggests Rapidity Gaps Between Jets Process.
Experimentalists is the address question of Underlying Dynamical Process.
Theorists is the address question of Underlying Dynamical Process.
Conventional Regge Phenomenology is the can not provide answer of Soft Pomeron Contribution.
Bfkl Pomeron calculates Mueller And Tang.
Bfkl Pomeron implements Herwig Monte Carlo.
Soft Colour Rearrangement Model favours D0 Collaboration.
D0 Collaboration is the difficult to draw conclusions due to of Uncertainties In The Role Of Multiple Interactions.
Hera limits Gaps Between Jets Measurements.
Bfkl Pomeron is the severe restriction of Predicted To Rise Exponentially.
Hera is the provided access to larger rapidity gaps of High Vector Meson Production.
Cox And Forshaw suggests Double Dissociative Process.
H1 Data is the first measurement reported of Double Dissociative Process.
Photon is the dissociative systems of Proton.
Kinematic Variables considers H1 Data.
Center Of Mass Energy presents H1 Data.
Four Momentum Transfer presents H1 Data.
H1 Detector is the data collected with of H1 Data.
Electron Tagger selects Photoproduction Events.
Virtuality Of The Photon restricts Photoproduction Events.
Tracking And Calorimeter Information combines H1 Data.
Detector Noise is the effects minimised of H1 Data.
Rapidity Gap is the largest gap in event of H1 Data.
Transverse Momentum measures H1 Data.
Bin uses H1 Data.
Trigger Efficiency limits H1 Data.
Herwig Generator uses H1 Data.
Hard Pomeron Intercept fixs Herwig Generator.
Statistical Error is the contribution from limited data events of H1 Data.
Systematic Uncertainties calculates H1 Data.
Bin is the basis for systematic uncertainties of H1 Data.
Herwig Monte Carlo uses H1 Data.
Singlet Exchange Photoproduction Processes corrects Herwig Monte Carlo.
Theoretical Uncertainty is the large in overall normalisation of Herwig Monte Carlo.
Kinematic Effects is the affect shape of distribution of Herwig Monte Carlo.
Kinematic Limit is the forces cross section down of Cross Section Prediction.
Cross Section Prediction is the good agreement in shape with data of Bfkl Monte Carlo Prediction.
Abachi is the demonstrates possibility to extend rapidity reach of Measurement.
Abbott is the demonstrates possibility to extend rapidity reach of Measurement.
Abe is the demonstrates possibility to extend rapidity reach of Measurement.
Derrick is the demonstrates possibility to extend rapidity reach of Measurement.
Kuraev is the demonstrates possibility to extend rapidity reach of Measurement.
Lipatov is the demonstrates possibility to extend rapidity reach of Measurement.
Fadin is the demonstrates possibility to extend rapidity reach of Measurement.
Balitsky is the demonstrates possibility to extend rapidity reach of Measurement.
Marchesini is the demonstrates possibility to extend rapidity reach of Measurement.
Hayes is the demonstrates possibility to extend rapidity reach of Measurement.
Eboli is the demonstrates possibility to extend rapidity reach of Measurement.
Gregores is the demonstrates possibility to extend rapidity reach of Measurement.
Halzen is the demonstrates possibility to extend rapidity reach of Measurement.
Mueller is the demonstrates possibility to extend rapidity reach of Measurement.
Tang is the demonstrates possibility to extend rapidity reach of Measurement.
Co-Adloff is the demonstrates possibility to extend rapidity reach of Measurement.
Crittenden is the demonstrates possibility to extend rapidity reach of Measurement.
Cox And Forshaw is the demonstrates possibility to extend rapidity reach of Measurement.