String Theory is the concerns classification of of Vector Bundles.
String Theory is the concerns nonperturbative structure of of Manifolds.
String Theory is the encounters in presence of of D-Branes.
D-Branes is the results in of Gauge Theories.
D-Branes is the encounters in up to ten of Dimensions.
Bps-Type Equations is the generalization of of Self-Duality Equations.
Nonabelian Gauge Theory is the natural bps condition in of Donaldson-Uhlenbeck-Yau Equations.
Compactifications is the condition for unbroken supersymmetry in compactifications down to of Minkowski Spacetime.
Noncommutative Deformations is the consideration in certain instances of Field Theories.
D-Branes is the realization as noncommutative of Solitons.
D-Branes is the relationship between d-branes and of K-Theory.
Instantons is the generalization to of Noncommutative Case.
Monopoles is the generalization to of Noncommutative Case.
Vortices is the generalization to of Noncommutative Case.
Adhm Construction is the generalization to of Noncommutative Setting.
Graded Connections is the generalization to of Noncommutative Setting.
Self-Duality Equations is the investigation in of Investigated In.
Noncommutative Instantons is the consideration in of Higher Dimensions.
D-Branes is the consideration as of Interpretations As.
Worldvolume Description is the emergence from equivalence between analytic and topological formulations of k-homology of D-Branes.
Multi-Instanton Solutions is the construction on the manifold which is the product of noncommutative euclidean space with an ordinary two-sphere of Yang-Mills Equations.
Bps Solutions is the consideration of both of Non-Bps Solutions.
Dimensional Reduction Techniques is the establishment between multi-instantons on and nonabelian vortices on of Equivalence Between Multi-Instantons.
Instantons is the equivalence between of Vortices.
Unstable Configuration Of D-Branes is the decay into of State Of D0-Branes.
D0-Brane Charges is the classification by equivariant of K-Theory.
Low-Energy Dynamics encodes Simple Quiver Gauge Theory.
Brane-Antibrane Systems recasts Effective Action.
Graded Connections is the requirement for more general formulation in terms of new of Geometrical Entities.
Basic Definitions is the introduction and notation setting of Field Equations.
Manifold is the description in local coordinates of Local Coordinates.
Khler Manifold is the consideration as special instance of the manifold of Product.
Khler Manifold is the description in local coordinates of Local Coordinates.
Khler Manifold is the description of metric of Metric.
Khler Manifold is the description of khler two-form of Khler Two-Form.
Yang-Mills Equations is the consideration with gauge connection and curvature of Rank Hermitean Vector Bundle.
Yang-Mills Equations is the representation in local coordinates of Local Coordinates.
Yang-Mills Equations is the description of equations of motion of Equations Of Motion.
Donaldson-Uhlenbeck-Yau Equations is the formulation on any khler manifold of Khler Manifold.
Donaldson-Uhlenbeck-Yau Equations is the provision of stable solutions by of Bps Solutions.
Monopole Bundles is the description in terms of spherical coordinates of Spherical Coordinates.
Monopole Bundles is the calculation of topological charge of Topological Charge.
Monopole Bundles is the classification by of Hopf Fibration.
Equivariant Line Bundle is the correspondence to representation of Representation.
Holomorphic Line Bundle is the description in terms of complex projective line of Complex Projective Line.
Su(2)-Invariant Gauge Potential is the description of ansatz of Ansatz.
Positive Integer is the partitions into of Components.
Original Gauge Symmetry is the gauge symmetry broken to of Centralizer Subgroup.
Gauge Symmetry is the gauge symmetry broken to of Centralizer Subgroup.
Gauge Potential is the splits into of Blocks.
Gauge Potential is the decomposes into of Scalar Fields.
Gauge Potential is the decomposes into of Gauge Potentials.
Scalar Fields is the transforming in of Subgroup.
Vector Bundle is the typical fibre is of Module.
Chain Of Branes is the consists of of Branes.
Representation Ring is the of group of Group.
Equivariant K-Theory Group is the unifies with of Representation Ring.
Equivariant K-Theory Group is the groupth of Equivariant Bundle.
Equivariant Excision Theorem is the induces isomorphism of Equivariant K-Theory Group.
Sphere associates Generator.
Representation Ring is the of group of Group.
Monopole Charges is the equivalence of Equivariant Setting.
Equivariant Setting is the not required of External Twists.
Equivariant Setting is the not required of Monopole Bundle.
External Twists is the not required of K-Theory Product.
K-Theory Product incorporates Monopole Fluxes.
Monopole Fluxes incorporates Coefficient Ring.
Coefficient Ring incorporates Equivariant K-Theory.
Equivariant K-Theory is the not required of D-Operations.
Equivariant K-Theory is the involves of Correspondence.
Correspondence is the works with of Holomorphic Bundles.
Holomorphic Bundles extends Vector Bundle.
Vector Bundle extends Action.
Action extends Complexification.
Complexification replaces Cartan Torus.
Cartan Torus replaces Subgroup.
Subgroup replaces Cartan Subgroup.
Cartan Subgroup generates Irreducible Representations.
Irreducible Representations is the works with of Manifold.
Manifold haves Trivial Action.
Trivial Action determines Indecomposable Bundle.
Indecomposable Bundle haves Weight Set.
Weight Set is the determines of Bundle Chain.
Bundle Chain is the determines of Holomorphic Bundle Maps.
Holomorphic Bundle Maps is the corresponds to of Hermitean Vector Bundle.
Hermitean Vector Bundle is the defines of Unitary Reduction.
Unitary Reduction is the defines of Superconnection.
Superconnection is the explains of Brane Configurations.
Brane Configurations provides Quiver Gauge Theory.
Quiver Gauge Theory represents Gauge Potential.
Quiver Gauge Theory is the consists of of Quiver.
Quiver labels Vertices.
Quiver is the correspond to of Arrows.
Arrows is the define of Module Morphisms.
Vertices labels Chiral Representations.
Vertices labels Representation.
Quiver represents Adjacency Matrix.
Quiver is the identical to of Dynkin Diagram.
Adjacency Matrix is the identical to of Cartan Matrix.
Cartan Matrix associates Positive Roots.
Positive Roots associates Dimension Vector.
Dimension Vector is the correspond to of Isomorphism Classes.
Isomorphism Classes is the correspond to of Positive Roots.
Positive Roots associates Lie Algebra.
Lie Algebra associates Dimension Vector.
Dimension Vector is the correspond to of Indecomposable Representations.
Indecomposable Representations is the equivalent to of Path Algebra.
Path Algebra represents Quiver.
Path Algebra defines Quasi-Free Algebra.
Path Algebra haves Grading.
Grading is the alternatively described as of Tensor Algebra.
Tensor Algebra defines Bimodule.
Quiver is the equivalent to of Representation Of Quiver.
Representation Of Quiver is the equivalent to of Algebra.
Algebra is the corresponds to of Endomorphism Algebra Bundle.
Endomorphism Algebra Bundle is the defines of Projective Module.
Projective Module generates Indecomposable Projective Representations.
Chiral Higgs Fields assembles Matrix.
Matrix is the generates of Path Algebra.
Path Algebra is the corresponds to of Complex Vector Bundles.
Complex Vector Bundles is the generates of Off-Diagonal Components.
Geometric Object is the generates of Zero-Form Component.
Zero-Form Component is the defines of Graded Connection.
Graded Connection is the corresponds to of Superconnection.
Superconnection is the constructs of Endomorphism Algebra.
Graded Connection haves Graded Curvature.
Graded Connection is the extends to of Noncommutative Gauge Theory.
Graded Connection is the defines of Nonabelian Coupled Vortex Equations.
Nonabelian Coupled Vortex Equations is the coincides with of Seiberg-Witten Monopole Equations.
Constants is the describes of Oscillator Fock Space.
Toeplitz Operators describes Hermitean Projector.
Hermitean Projector haves Finite Rank.
Finite Rank is the on of Fock Space.
Gauge Field Strength is the yields of Covariant Derivatives.
Holomorphic Fields is the describes of Noncommutative Gauge Field Configuration.
Noncommutative Gauge Field Configuration haves Constant Curvature.
Higgs Fields bes Ranks.
Open Strings is the correspond to of D-Brane.
D-Brane is the one end on of Closed String Vacuum.
Quiver Gauge Theory is the considers of Module.
Module bes Finite-Dimensional Submodule.
Representation gives Noncommutative Quiver Bundle.
Integer is the fixes of Quiver Representation.
Quiver Representation bes Projective Representations.
Canonical Ringel Resolution gives Solving The Yang-Mills Equations.
Finite-Energy Solutions is the require of Tension.
Bps Solutions is the yield of Non-Bps Solutions.
Duy Equations is the on of Abelian Vortex Equations.
Nonabelian Vortex Equations is the insert into of Noncommutative Vortex Equations.
Noncommutative Vortex Equations is the satisfy of Bps Conditions.
Bps Solutions is the require of Finite-Energy Solutions.
Bps Solutions is the correspond to of Bps States.
Quiver Gauge Theory is the interpretation in of D-Branes.
Brane-Antibrane Pairs is the correspond to of Bps Configurations.
Noncommutative Vortex is the describe of Bps Solutions.
Bps States is the correspond to of Quiver Representations.
Projective Modules is the admit of Schur Representations.
Canonical Inclusions is the lead to of Partial Isometry Operators.
Equivariant Abs Construction is the constructs of K-Theory.
Clifford Modules is the contains of Involution.
Xcite is the relates to of K.
Xcite is the relates to of Coker.
Xcite is the relates to of R_Spin.
Xcite is the relates to of Usualabsiso.
Descisog is the relates to of Xmath477.
Eqabsiso is the relates to of K_U.
Eqabsiso is the relates to of Xmath211.
Eqabsiso is the relates to of Xmath478.
Eqabsiso is the relates to of Xmath479.
Eqabsiso is the relates to of Xmath6.
Ansatzdescr is the relates to of Xmath480.
Spinmoddecomp is the relates to of Xmath481.
Spinmoddecomp is the relates to of Xmath482.
Spinmoddecomp is the relates to of Xmath483.
Excisionslc is the relates to of Dimred.
Dimred is the describes of Diracgradeddef.
Dimred is the describes of Diracs2Def.
Diracs2Def is the acts on of Xmath485.
Diracs2Def is the acts on of Xmath486.
Diracs2Def is the acts on of Xmath484.
Diracs2Def is the acts on of Spinortotgen.
Diracs2Def is the acts on of Xmath487.
Diracs2Def is the acts on of Xmath488.
Diracs2Def is the acts on of Xmath489.
Diracs2Def is the acts on of Xmath490.
Diracs2Decomp is the acts on of Xmath496.
Diracs2Decomp is the acts on of Xmath497.
Diracs2Decomp is the acts on of Xmath498.
Diracs2Decomp is the acts on of Xmath499.
Solschargeneg is the describes of Xmath500.
Solschargeneg is the describes of Xmath501.
Solschargeneg is the describes of Xmath502.
Solschargeneg is the describes of Xmath503.
Solschargepos is the describes of Xmath500.
Solschargepos is the describes of Xmath501.
Solschargepos is the describes of Xmath502.
Solschargepos is the describes of Xmath503.
Twistedspingrad is the relates to of Twistedspinpm.
Twistedspingrad is the relates to of Cliffmultv.
Ansatzdescr is the relates to of Xmath217.
Cliffmultisot is the relates to of Cliffordmulteven.
Eddef is the describes of Psiphiid.
Eddef is the describes of Efred.
Spinorharm is the describes of Xmath524.
Spinorharm is the describes of Xmath525.
Focspace is the relates to of Xmath527.
Focspace is the relates to of Xmath528.
Covariantreps is the relates to of Focisotop.
Focisotop is the describes of Xmath533.
Focisotop is the describes of Xmath534.
Sigmaanti is the relates to of Xmath540.
Tt is the relates to of Xmath540.
Tt is the describes of Xmath547.
Tnitnj is the describes of Xmath564.
Tnitnj is the describes of Xmath565.
Tnitnj is the describes of Xmath566.
Tnitnj is the describes of Xmath567.
Tnitnj is the describes of Xmath568.
Tnitnj is the relates to of Xmath569.
Tnitnj is the relates to of Xmath570.
Tnitnj is the relates to of Xmath571.
Tnitnj is the relates to of Xmath572.
Tnitnj is the relates to of Xmath573.
Tnitnj is the describes of Uipdef.
Tnitnj is the describes of Uimdef.
Tnitnj is the describes of Tniuidef.
Tnitnj is the relates to of Xmath583.
Tnitnj is the relates to of Xmath584.
Tnitnj is the describes of Ansatz4.
Tnitnj is the describes of Xmath585.
Tnitnj is the describes of Pni.
Tnitnj is the describes of Totaltn.
Tnitnj is the relates to of Xmath596.
Tnitnj is the relates to of Xmath597.
Tnitnj is the describes of Xmath598.
Tnitnj is the relates to of Usualabsiso.
Tnitnj is the describes of Xmath599.
D-Brane Configurations is the describes of K-Homology.
Moduli Space is the contains of Solutions.
Realization is the generalizes of Moduli.
Operators is the rewritten as of Shifted Ground States.
Coordinates shifts Shifted Ground States.
Shifted Ground States is the rewritten as of Operators.
Shifted Ground States spans Kernel.
Fermionic Ground State spans Kernel.
Shifted Ground States bes Coherent State.
Oscillator Fock Space is the in of Coherent State.
Partial Isometries describes Complex Manifold.
Complex Manifold is the moduli space for of Moduli Space.
Moduli Space is the consists of of Rectangular Toeplitz Operators.
Moduli Space gives Moduli Space Of Noncommutative Solitons.
Moduli Space Of Noncommutative Solitons bes Hilbert Scheme.
Moduli Space Of Noncommutative Solitons is the in of Ideals.
Ideals is the in of Polynomial Ring.
Moduli Space is the consists of of Isomorphism Classes.
Isomorphism Classes is the of of Dimension.
Dimension haves Real Roots.
Dimension haves Imaginary Roots.
Real Roots is the correspond to of Rigid Representations.
Imaginary Roots associates Gauge Symmetry Breaking.
Topological Charge is the compute in of Multi-Instanton Solutions.
Topological Charge computes Field Theoretic Calculation.
Topological Charge computes Homological Calculation.
Index Class is the of of Solutions In K-Theory.
Solutions In K-Theory is the equivalent to of Euler-Ringel Character.
Solutions In K-Theory interprets Equivariant K-Homology.
Equivariant K-Homology is the in of Cycles.
Equivariant K-Homology interprets Brane Interpretations.
Field Theory Calculation parametrizeds Angular Coordinates.
Field Theory Calculation is the compute of Instanton Charge.
Instanton Charge is the on of Two-Sphere.
Instanton Charge gives Projectors.
Projectors uses Instanton Charge.
Instanton Charge gives Chern Number Formula.
Monopoles is the contribute to of Chern Number.
Antimonopoles is the contribute to of Chern Number.
Chern Number is the compute of Topological Charge.
Topological Charge is the interpret as of Brane Interpretation.
D0-Branes is the represent of Brane Interpretation.
Anti-D0-Branes is the represent of Brane Interpretation.
Vortex-Like Configuration is the interpret as of Brane Interpretation.
Brane-Antibrane System is the interpret as of Brane Interpretation.
D(2-Dimensional) Branes is the interpret as of Brane Interpretation.
Instanton Charge Computation uses Graded Connection Formalism.
Graded Connection Formalism is the in of Graded Vector Space.
Graded Vector Space is the in of Graded Curvature.
Graded Curvature expresss Graded Chern Number.
Transgression Arguments uses Cohomology Class.
Cohomology Class defines Graded Connection.
Graded Connection relates Graded Chern Character.
Graded Connection Zero-Form is the produces of Holomorphic Chain.
Holomorphic Chain is the generates of Complex Manifold.
Alternating Sequence is the represent of Brane-Antibrane System.
Tachyon Field defines Holomorphic Map.
Tachyon Field defines Antiholomorphic Map.
Vortex Equations is the solutions of of Holomorphic Chain.
Holomorphic Chain Folding is the fold into of Maps.
Odd Monopole Charge is the define as of Odd Map.
Two-Term Complex is the defines of Index Class.
Index Class bes Solutions In K-Theory.
Even Monopole Charge is the introduce as of Tachyon Field.
Subspace annihilates Tachyon Field.
Twisted Dirac Operator is the equivalent to of Index Class.
Topological Charge is the relates to of Homological Computation.
Joe mentions John Doe.
John mentions John Doe.
Vortex Equations switchs Matrix Form.
Matrix Form obtains Gauge Field Configuration.
Noncommutativity Parameters assigns Worldvolumes.
D-Branes carrys Magnetic Fluxes.
Gauge Field Configuration obtains Topological Charge.
Topological Charge corresponds Bps Energy.
Bps Energy is the extend to of Instantons.
Brane-Antibrane Systems stabilizes Noncommutativity Parameters.
Higgs Vacuum Bps Solutions is the carry different of Magnetic Fluxes.
O. Lechtenfeld collaborates Project.
A.D.P. supports Project.
R.J.S. supports Project.