Law is the describes of Imfs.
Imfs haves Slope.
Slope is the similar to of Salpeter Imf.
Salpeter Imf is the causes of Effect.
Massive Star Clusters is the can form in of Galaxies.
Galaxies is the not only in of Mergers.
Galaxies is the not only in of Disturbed Galaxies.
Dwarf Galaxies is the some exception of Luminosity Distributions.
Young Star Clusters is the appear as of Luminosity Distributions.
Luminosity Distributions follows Power-Laws.
Cluster Luminosities samples Power-Laws.
Cluster Luminosities follows Distribution.
Cluster Luminosities includes Luminous Clusters.
Distribution is the rare of Luminous Clusters.
Luminous Clusters is the no for of Evidence.
Luminous Clusters is the no evidence for of Upper Cut-Off.
Luminous Clusters is the form whenever of Massive Clusters.
Disk identifys Massive Clusters.
Disk is the in of Spiral Galaxies.
Spiral Galaxies is the rich in of Cluster Systems.
Galaxies is the such as of Ngc 5236.
Galaxies is the such as of Ngc 6946.
Galaxies characterizes Star Formation Rates.
Star Formation Rates is the not generally triggered by of Interactions.
Dynamical Mass Estimates is the compatible with of Mass-To-Light Ratios.
Mass-To-Light Ratios is the of of Kroupa-Type Imfs.
Clues is the may be obtained by of Formation.
Formation is the of of Classical Globular Clusters.
Classical Globular Clusters is the younger in of Counterparts.
Counterparts is the in of Local Universe.
Bica is the coauthor of Clari.
Bica is the coauthor of Dottori.
Bica is the coauthor of Santos Jr..
Bica is the coauthor of Piatti.
Billett is the coauthor of Hunter.
Billett is the coauthor of Elmegreen.
Chandar is the coauthor of Bianchi.
Chandar is the coauthor of Ford.
Christian is the coauthor of Schommer.
Dolphin is the coauthor of Kennicutt.
Dolphin is the coauthor of Kennicutt.
Elson is the coauthor of Fall.
Elson is the coauthor of Freeman.
Fischer is the coauthor of Welch.
Friel is the coauthor of Friel.
Girardi is the coauthor of Bressan.
Girardi is the coauthor of Bertelli.
Girardi is the coauthor of Chiosi.
Gray is the coauthor of Toner.
Harris is the coauthor of Harris.
Jog is the coauthor of Solomon.
Kennicutt is the coauthor of Chu.
Kndlseder is the coauthor of Kndlseder.
Kroupa is the coauthor of Kroupa.
Lada is the coauthor of Lada.
Lada is the coauthor of Lada.
Larsen is the coauthor of Brodie.
Larsen is the coauthor of Elmegreen.
Larsen is the coauthor of Efremov.
Larsen is the coauthor of Hodge.
Larsen is the coauthor of Richtler.
Larsen is the coauthor of Larsen.
Larsen is the coauthor of Richtler.
Larsen is the coauthor of Richtler.
Salpeter is the coauthor of Salpeter.
Shapley is the coauthor of Shapley.
Smecker-Hane is the coauthor of Cole.
Smecker-Hane is the coauthor of Gallagher Iii.
Smecker-Hane is the coauthor of Stetson.
Smith is the coauthor of Gallagher Iii.
Smith is the coauthor of Smith.
Van Den Bergh is the coauthor of Van Den Bergh.
Van Den Bergh is the coauthor of Lafontaine.
Whitmore is the coauthor of Livio.
Whitmore is the coauthor of Noll.
Whitmore is the coauthor of Stiavelli.
Zepf is the coauthor of Ashman.
Zepf is the coauthor of English.
Zepf is the coauthor of Freeman.
Zepf is the coauthor of Sharples.