Readers is the inform of News.
Readers is the inform of Languages.
Readers is the detect of Bias.
Readers improves Transparency.
Readers improves Democracy.
Online Translation Systems is the provide service of Google Translate.
Online Translation Systems is the provide service of Bing Translator.
Google Translate is the restrict of Documents.
Google Translate discloses Service-Providing Company.
Google Translate is the stop service of Service-Providing Company.
In-House Machine Translation System develops Onts.
Onts is the part of of Europe Media Monitor.
Onts is the publicly accessible of Applications.
Onts is the gather and process of Xcite.
Onts is the translate of News Articles.
Onts is the translate of Languages.
Onts bases Phrase-Based Statistical Machine Translation Toolkit Moses.
Onts trains Parallel Corpora.
Onts optimizes News Domain.
In-House Machine Translation System is the offer of Translation Quality.
In-House Machine Translation System is the provide of Users.
In-House Machine Translation System is the offer of Gist.
News-Focused Translation Service is the similar to of Found In Translation.
Found In Translation bases Moses.
Found In Translation is the categorize of Categories.
Europe Media Monitor is the gather of News Articles.
Europe Media Monitor is the approximately 50 of Languages.
Europe Media Monitor is the hand-selected of Web News Sources.
Europe Media Monitor is the include of Specialist Websites.
Europe Media Monitor is the include of Government Websites.
Europe Media Monitor is the include of Commercial News Providers.
Europe Media Monitor utilizes Rss Feeds.
Europe Media Monitor is the convert to of Unicode.
Europe Media Monitor is the process of Modules.
Modules is the produce of Monolingual Clusters.
Modules is the produce of Multilingual Clusters.
Modules is the extract of Named Entities.
Modules is the extract of Quotations.
Modules is the extract of Categories.
Onts is the use of Named Entity Recognition (Ner).
Named Entity Recognition (Ner) is the use of Language-Independent Rules.
Language-Independent Rules is the use of Trigger Words.
Language-Independent Rules is the use of Categories.
Categories is the include of Geographic Regions.
Categories is the include of Organizations.
Categories is the include of Themes.
Categories is the include of Specific Classes.
Onts is the deal with of Language Styles.
Language Styles is the contain of Gerund Verbs.
Language Styles is the contain of Linking Verbs.
Language Styles is the contain of Prepositions.
Language Styles is the contain of Adverbs.
Language Styles is the contain of Verbal Tenses.
Onts is the describe of Statistical Machine Translation (Smt) Service.
Statistical Machine Translation (Smt) Service is the use of Training Data.
Training Data is the use of Parallel Corpora.
Training Data is the use of Training Models.
Training Models is the use of Language Models.
Onts is the deal with of Named Entity Translation.
Onts is the deal with of Language Styles.
Onts is the use of Test Sets.
Test Sets is the evaluate of Translation Performance.
Google Translate is the evaluate of Translation Performance.
Connection Module is the comprise of Moses Server.
Connection Module implements Java.
Connection Module is the receive of Rss Files.
Connection Module identifys Source Language.
Connection Module is the split into of Sentences.
Sentences is the pass through of Tokenized.
Sentences is the pass through of Lowercased.
Sentences is the pass through of Compound Word Splitter.
Sentences is the pass through of Named Entity Annotator Module.
Language Modelling is the use of Kenlm Implementation.
Moses Servers is the use of Multi-Thread Version Of Moses.
Optima News Translation System is the runs on of Moses Servers.
Optima News Translation System connects Connection Module.
Optima News Translation System is the uses of Translation Models.
Optima News Translation System is the supports of Source Languages.
Optima News Translation System presents Demo Web Site.
Demo Web Site is the displays of News Articles.
News Articles assigns Topics.
Translation Process is the produces of Translated Articles.
Interface is the initiates of Translation Process.
Interface links Translation System.
Interface is the enables of Named Entity Module.
Interface is the enables of Compound Module.
Interface is the enables of Recaser Module.
Interface is the enables of Detokenizer Module.
Interface is the enables of Unknown Word Module.
Data transfers Rss Structure.
Optima News Translation System connects Europe Media Monitor Application.
Strategies applys Optima News Translation System.
Optima News Translation System is the utilizes of Document Structure.
Optima News Translation System is the utilizes of Resources.
Experiments describes Optima News Translation System.
Optima News Translation System is the uses of Training Data.
Optima News Translation System haves Computational Power.
Optima News Translation System bes In-House System.
In-House System is the processes of Articles.
In-House System is the excludes of Third Parties.
Optima News Translation System bes Performance.
Optima News Translation System is the varies according to of Translation Time.
Translation Time is the depends on of Sentences.
Translation Time is the depends on of Language Pairs.
Domain Of News Articles is the changes according to of Optima News Translation System.
Parallel Data associates Domain Of News Articles.
Optima News Translation System intends Investigate.
Optima News Translation System is the updates with of Language Model.
English Articles is the updates of Language Model.
Authors is the thank of Optima News Translation System.
Authors is the thank of Jrc S Optima Team.
C. Callison-Burch is the thank of Optima News Translation System.
P. Koehn is the thank of Optima News Translation System.
C. Monz is the thank of Optima News Translation System.
K. Peterson is the thank of Optima News Translation System.
M. Przybocki is the thank of Optima News Translation System.
O. Zaidan is the thank of Optima News Translation System.
Proceedings Of The Joint Fifth Workshop On Statistical Machine Translation And Metricsmatr holds Uppsala , Sweden.
Proceedings Of The 2003 Conference Of The North American Chapter Of The Association For Computational Linguistics On Human Language Technology holds Edmonton , Canada.
Proceedings Of The Annual Meeting Of The Association For Computational Linguistics , Demonstration Session holds Columbus , Oh , Usa.
Proceedings Of The 5Th International Conference On Language Resources And Evaluation holds Genova , Italy.