Nonlinear Non-Equilibrium Dynamical Systems is the property of Ratchet Systems.
Ratchet Systems is the property of Asymmetric Periodic Potentials.
Ratchet Systems is the property of Ensemble Of Particles.
Useful Work Extraction is the property of Biological Systems.
Deterministic Chaotic Ratchets is the property of Hamiltonian Ratchets.
Chaotic Systems is the property of Initial Conditions.
Parameters Of The System is the property of Phase-Space Structure.
Phase-Space Structure is the property of Stability Islands.
Phase-Space Structure is the property of Chaotic Seas.
Phase-Space Structure is the property of Co-Existing Attractors.
Transport Properties is the property of Parameters Of The System.
Mateos is the research of Specific Ratchet Model.
Specific Ratchet Model is the property of Periodically Forced Underdamped Particle.
Periodically Forced Underdamped Particle is the property of Velocity.
Velocity is the property of Current.
Current is the property of Amplitude.
Chaotic Dynamics is the property of Bifurcation.
Bifurcation is the property of Periodic Behavior.
Trajectory Dynamics is the property of Bifurcation.
Barbi And Salerno is the research of Current Reversals.
Current Reversals is the property of Stability Properties.
Stability Properties is the property of Rotating Periodic Orbits.
Ergodicity is the property of Mixed Regular And Chaotic System.
Mixed Regular And Chaotic System is the property of Probability Ensemble.
Probability Ensemble is the property of Experimental Validation.
Transients is the property of Current.
Heuristic Rules is the property of Transport Properties.
Bifurcation Diagram is the property of Individual Particles.
Individual Particles is the property of Poincar Sections.
Period-Four Attractor is the property of Chaotic Attractors.
Librating Orbits is the property of Separatrices.
Separatrices is the property of Homoclinic Tangles.
Parameter Dependence is the property of Bifurcation Diagram.
Fixed-Point Attractor is the property of Bifurcation Diagram.
Periodic Orbit is the property of Bifurcation Diagram.
Initial Conditions is the property of Bifurcation Diagram.
Net Transport is the property of Ensemble Dependence.
General Chaotic Ratchets is the property of Specific System.
Specific System is the property of External Force.
Specific System is the property of Damping.
Equations Of Motion is the property of Dimensionless Variables.
Dimensionless Variables is the property of Asymmetric Periodic Potential.
Asymmetric Periodic Potential is the property of Potential Minimum.
Potential Minimum is the property of Potential Minimum.
Potential Minimum is the property of Term.
Classical Phase Space is the property of Chaotic Attractors.
Stable Fixed Points is the property of Driving.
Homoclinic Tangles is the property of Bifurcation Diagram.
Bifurcation Diagram is the property of Parameter.
Initial Conditions is the property of Bifurcation Diagram.
Ensemble Of Trajectories is the property of Current.
Current is the property of Statistical Ensemble.
Average Velocity is the property of Observation Time.
Initial Conditions is the property of Phase-Space.
Xmath44 is the comparison of Xmath38.
Xmath44 is the for of Xmath7.
Xmath44 is the exceeds of Xmath48.
Xmath38 is the versus of Xmath0.
Xmath38 is the typical value of Xmath51.
Xmath38 is the times greater of Xmath52.
Xmath38 is the comparison of Xmath53.
Xmath38 is the dependence on of Xmath54.
Xmath38 is the empirically obtained of Xmath59.
Xmath38 converges Xmath60.
Xmath38 is the function of of Xmath61.
Xmath38 is the ensemble dependence of Xmath68.
Xmath38 is the ensemble dependence of Xmath70.
Xmath38 is the ensemble dependence of Xmath71.
Xmath38 is the comparison of Xmath77.
Xmath38 is the comparison of Xmath53.
Xmath7 is the versus of Xmath0.
Xmath7 is the with of Xmath62.
Xmath7 is the chosen of Xmath63.
Xmath7 scans Xmath72.
Xmath7 sees Xmath76.
Xmath7 is the versus of Xmath78.
Xmath7 is the versus of Xmath79.
Xmath46 is the correspondence of Xmath38.
Xmath47 is the correspondence of Xmath38.
Xmath48 is the threshold for of Xmath44.
Xmath48 obtains Xmath60.
Xmath48 is the definition of of Xmath58.
Xmath48 is the function of of Xmath61.
Xmath48 is the location of of Xmath68.
Xmath48 starts Xmath69.
Xmath48 is the as a function of of Xmath73.
Xmath48 is the across of Xmath80.
Xmath48 is the saturation of of Xmath53.
Xmath48 is the particular effect of Xmath77.
Xmath48 is the smoothly of Xmath80.
Xmath48 is the close to of Xmath80.
Xmath48 is the arguably of Xmath80.
Xmath48 is the close to of Xmath80.
Xmath48 sees Xmath80.
Xmath48 is the part of of Xmath80.
Xmath48 is the hold of Xmath80.
Xmath48 is the vary of Xmath80.
Xmath48 shows Xmath80.
Xmath48 is the understand of Xmath80.
Xmath48 is the factor out of Xmath80.
Ensemble is the affects of Current.
Ensemble is the affects of Bifurcation Points.
Bifurcation Points is the affects of Current.
Current is the causes of Spikes.
Current is the causes of Jumps.
Spikes is the often corresponds to of Ensemble.
Jumps is the often corresponds to of Ensemble.
Spikes is the often corresponds to of Bifurcation Points.
Jumps is the often corresponds to of Bifurcation Points.
Current Reversals is the special case of of Spikes.
Current Reversals is the special case of of Jumps.
Spikes is the corresponds to of Bifurcation Points.
Jumps is the corresponds to of Bifurcation Points.
Spikes is the corresponds to of Bifurcation Points.
Jumps is the corresponds to of Bifurcation Points.
Spikes is the violates or validates of Rules.
Jumps is the violates or validates of Rules.
Rules is the explains of Reason.
Reason is the explains of Violated.
Reason is the explains of Valid.
A.K. is the acknowledges of T. Barsch.
A.K. is the acknowledges of Kamal P. Singh.
A.K. is the acknowledges of Reimar Lst Grant.
A.K. is the acknowledges of Financial Support.
Financial Support is the from of Alexander Von Humboldt Foundation.
Alexander Von Humboldt Foundation supports Bonn.
A.K. is the acknowledges of Carleton College.
Carleton College provides Sit , Wallin , And Class Of 1949 ' Sabbatical Fellowships.
A.K. is the acknowledges of Mpipks.
Mpipks hosts Sabbatical Visit.
Sabbatical Visit leads Collaboration.
Collaboration acknowledges Useful Discussions.
Useful Discussions acknowledges J.-M. Rost.
J.-M. Rost discusss Preliminary Results.
P. Hnggi is the acknowledges of Bartussek.
Bartussek authors Lecture Notes In Physics Vol. 476.
Lecture Notes In Physics Vol. 476 edits J. Parisi.
Lecture Notes In Physics Vol. 476 edits S.C. Mueller.
Lecture Notes In Physics Vol. 476 edits W. Zimmermann.
R.D. Asturmian cites Science.
F. Jlicher cites Rev. Mod. Phys..
A. Ajdari cites Rev. Mod. Phys..
J. Prost cites Rev. Mod. Phys..
C. Dring cites Nuovo Cimento D*17.
S. Flach cites Phys. Rev. Lett..
O. Yevtushenko cites Phys. Rev. Lett..
Y. Zolotaryuk cites Phys. Rev. Lett..
S. Flach cites Europhys. Lett..
O. Yevtushenko cites Europhys. Lett..
Y. Zolotaryuk cites Europhys. Lett..
A. A. Ovchinnikov cites Europhys. Lett..
S. Denisov cites E.