Magnetosphere is the expands of Accreting X-Ray Pulsar.
Mass Accretion Rate is the decreases of Accreting X-Ray Pulsar.
Accreting X-Ray Pulsar is the beyond of Co-Rotation Radius.
Co-Rotation Radius is the prevents of Centrifugal Force.
Centrifugal Force is the prevents entry of Material.
Accretion Onto Magnetic Poles is the ceases of X-Ray Pulsations.
X-Ray Pulsations is the cease of Phenomenon.
Phenomenon observes Gx 1 + 4.
Phenomenon observes Gro J1744-28.
Gro J1744-28 monitors Rxte@Xcite.
Source monitors Instruments Aboard Rxte.
Source selects Pca Observations.
Pca Observations bases Asm Light Curve.
Asm Light Curve is the reveals of Episodes Of X-Ray Outburst.
Source is the shows little of Activity.
Source searchs Pulse Frequency.
Pulse Frequency employs Fft.
Pulse Frequency employs Epoch-Folding.
Pulse Frequency fails Results.
Results is the active of Centrifugal Barrier.
Source is the shows of Spectral Evolution.
Spectral Evolution characterizes X-Ray Spectrum.
X-Ray Spectrum characterizes Power Law.
X-Ray Spectrum characterizes Exponential High-Energy Cutoff.
X-Ray Spectrum is the emission from of Neutron Star Surface.
Neutron Star Surface is the due to of Leakage Between Field Lines.
Neutron Star Surface is the emission from of Hot Spots.
Hot Spots is the emission from of Poles.
Source is the causes of Thermonuclear Burning.
Thermonuclear Burning is the produces of Type I Bursts.
Source is the unlike of X-Ray Bursters.
X-Ray Bursters is the product of of X-Ray Bursts.
X-Ray Bursts is the product of of Accretion Instability.
Accretion Instability is the occurs in of Bursting Activity.
Bursting Activity is the decreases of X-Ray Flux.
Bursting Activity is the ceases of Quiescent.
Bursting Activity is the ceases for of Weeks.
System is the pushes inside of Magnetosphere.
Magnetosphere is the inside of Co-Rotation Radius.
Magnetosphere is the resumes of Accretion To Poles.
Accretion To Poles is the produces of Pulsed Emission.
System is the expands of Magnetosphere.
Magnetosphere is the expands of Centrifugal Barrier.
Centrifugal Barrier is the suppresses of Pulsation.
System is the expands of Magnetosphere.
Magnetosphere is the expands of Centrifugal Barrier.
Centrifugal Barrier is the suppresses of Pulsation.