M. E. Fisher introduces General Bond-Decorated Ising Model.
General Bond-Decorated Ising Model is the incorporates of Statistical Mechanical System.
General Bond-Decorated Ising Model relates Partition Function.
Partition Function provides Thermodynamics.
General Bond-Decorated Ising Model investigates Mixed Ising-Heisenberg Chains.
Mixed Ising-Heisenberg Chains decorates Spin Dimer.
Mixed Ising-Heisenberg Chains decorates Trimer.
Molecular Rings relates Single-Chain Magnets.
Molecular Rings relates Single-Molecule Magnets.
Single-Chain Magnets requires Magnetic Anisotropy.
Lanthanide Ions is the contains of Dysprosium Ion.
Dysprosium Ion is the determines of Ground State.
Dysprosium Ion haves Kramers Doublet.
General Bond-Decorated Ising Model is the utilizes of Transfer Matrix Method.
Transfer Matrix Method is the calculates of Free Energy.
Transfer Matrix Method is the relies on of Eigenvalues.
Dysprosium Ion describes Crystal Field Theory.
Spin-1/2 is the equivalent to of Kramers Doublet.
Magnetic Axis haves Exchange Interaction.
Exchange Interaction is the affects of Kramers Doublet.
Russel-Saunders States is the involves of Kramers Doublet.
Electron is the participates in of Magnetic Center.
Electron haves Spin Projection.
Selection Rule is the defines of Exchange Interaction.
Exchange Interaction is the affects of Kramers Doublet.
Perturbation Theory is the applies to of Exchange Interaction.
Matrix Element is the contributes to of Exchange Interaction.
Spin Operator is the describes of Exchange Interaction.
Angular Momentum Quantum Number is the affects of Exchange Interaction.
Spatial Symmetry is the depends on of Exchange Interaction.
Orbitals associates Lanthanide State.
Ion involves Exchange Interaction.
Ground State haves Ion.
Ion is the interacts with of Magnetic Center.
Ion haves Anisotropy Axis.
Exchange Hamiltonian is the refers to of Ion.
Spin Moment is the influences of Exchange Interaction.
Transition Metal Ion is the participates in of Exchange Interaction.
Orbital Momentum is the affects of Exchange Interaction.
Total Spin is the commutes with of Exchange Interaction.
Dipole-Dipole Interaction is the exists between of Moment.
Moment is the interacts with of Neighboring Moment.
Molecular Structure is the contains of Ion.
Ion is the interacts with of Magnetic Field.
Eigenstate haves Cylindrical Symmetry.
Crystal Field is the affects of Lanthanide State.
Rotation Axis is the depends on of Exchange Interaction.
Rotation-Inversion Axis is the depends on of Exchange Interaction.
Ab Initio Calculations is the utilizes of Wavefunction.
Wavefunctions is the obtains of Kramers Doublets.
Kramers Doublets is the indicates of Principal Factors.
Coordination Environments is the affects of Ion.
Ion is the can be of Ground State.
Low-Symmetry Complexes is the forms of Ion.
Multiconfigurational Wavefunction is the uses of Casscf/Rassi-So Method.
Wavefunctions is the calculates of Kramers Doublets.
Kramers Doublets is the indicates of Principal Factors.
Spin Configuration represents Ion.
Spin Frustration is the complicates of Ion.
Periodic Chains is the contains of Ion.
Even-Membered Rings is the contains of Ion.
Spin Configurations is the classifies of Ion.
Observables is the forms of Ion.
Ground State Level is the determines of Ion.
Unit Cells is the contains of Ion.
Cyclic Spin Configuration is the involves of Ion.
Relative Energy Considerations is the considers of Ion.
Xmath146 is the minimization of Xmath150.
Xmath146 is the minimization of Xmath128.
Xmath146 is the minimization of Xmath147.
Xmath146 is the comparison of Xmath144.
Xmath146 is the comparison of Xmath156.
Xmath150 is the transition of Xmath157.
Xmath150 is the transition of Xmath158.
Xmath150 is the condition of Xmath159.
Xmath150 is the transition of Xmath163.
Xmath150 is the transition of Xmath165.
Xmath150 is the transition of Xmath166.
Xmath150 is the combination of Xmath161.
Xmath150 is the combination of Xmath107.
Xmath162 is the induction of Xmath142.
Xmath184 is the association of Xmath185.
Xmath186 is the saturation of Xmath187.
Xmath186 is the saturates of Xmath193.
Xmath186 is the effect of Xmath195.
Xmath186 is the dependence of Xmath196.
Xmath186 is the dependence of Xmath197.
Xmath186 is the correction of Xmath198.
Xmath186 is the correction of Xmath199.
Xmath186 is the correction of Xmath200.
Xmath186 is the correction of Xmath201.
Xmath186 is the correction of Xmath202.
Xmath186 records Xmath203.
Xmath186 is the addition of Xmath204.
Xmath206 is the perturbation of Xmath207.
Xmath208 is the similar properties of Xmath209.
Xmath211 is the equality of Xmath212.
Xmath214 is the interaction of Xmath215.
Xmath214 is the interaction of Xmath216.
Xmath214 is the approximation of Xmath217.
Xmath218 is the representation of Xmath219.
Xmath218 is the representation of Xmath220.
Xmath218 is the representation of Xmath221.
Local Anisotropy Axis is the orientation of Main Axes.
Local Anisotropy Axis is the restriction of Local Symmetry.
Local Anisotropy Axis is the orthogonal of Molecular Axis.
Experiment is the indication of Magnetic Ground State.
Dy is the nonmagnetic of Magnetic Ground State.
Local Moments adds Magnetic Ground State.
Ground State is the determination of F.
Ground State is the exclusion of Af.
Magnetic Ground State is the indication of Magnetic Ground State.
Molecular Axis makes Angle.
Ab Initio Calculations is the parameter of Angle.
Molecular Axis is the orthogonal of Local Anisotropy Axis.
Local Symmetry is the apply symmetry elements to of Axis.
Axis obtains Axis.
Axis is the parallel and point in the same direction of Axis.
Ab Initio Calculations yields Values.
Values is the function of of Projection.
Magnetic Field replaces Projection.
Exchange Interactions is the possible to find analytical of Solutions.
Eigenvalues is the projection of of Partition Function.
Eigenvalues is the defines of Quantization Axis.
Quantization Axis is the projection of of Vector.
States is the depends on of Quantization Axis.
Coupling is the stronger will be the deviation of Quantization Axis.
Energy bes Values.
Values bes Length.
Solutions is the should be made on of Remarks.
Solutions is the not the same for every unit of Spectrum.
Solutions is the will be different of Transfer Matrices.
Transfer Matrices is the use instead of of Partition Function.
Solutions is the concerns of Quantum Number.
Energy is the refers to of Quantization Axis.
Energy applys Field.
Energy is the not represent a real conserved of Quantity.
Energy dos Level Crossings.
Solutions finds Partition Function.
Partition Function is the compare theoretical results with experiment of Comparison.
Parameters obtains Values.
Powder Curve is the information on the values of of Parameters.
Powder Curve indicates Magnetic Ground State.
Ground State is the determine of State.
Ground State is the nonmagnetic of State.
Temperature is the with increasing of Increase.
Temperature is the due to the occupation of of Occupation.
Occupation subtracts Contribution.
Contribution obtains Contribution.
Interaction is the to explain the increase of Increase.
Spins is the couple antiferromagnetically with of Interaction.
Information is the determine of Angle.
Angle is the derive from the experimental value of Angle.
Angle derives Value.
Values is the derive values for of Parameters.
Fitting is the least-squares of Values.
Correction provides Contribution.
Fitting is the comparison with experiment of Comparison.
Magnetization Curves is the agreement of of Comparison.
Magnetization Curves is the qualitative correspond of Properties.
Magnetization Curves is the strong linear increase of Increase.
Increase is the due to the gradual orientation of Orientation.
Increase is the to a smaller extent of Correction.
Correction is the due to the low-lying excited of Contribution.
Discrepancies is the could undermine the assumptions of Undermining.
Discrepancies is the not unexpected of Discrepancies.
Discrepancies is the could not take the value of of Value.
Parameters is the inaccuracies of the model of Model.
Parameters is the ab initio results of Results.
Model is the compensation for the inaccuracies of Results.
Model is the results of Results.