Burgers Equation is the generalization of Burgers Korteweg De Vries Equation.
Waves In Water is the description of Carbon Dioxide Bubbles.
Dispersion Relation is the influence of Linear Damping Coefficient.
Dispersion Relation is the influence of Waves Attenuation.
Dispersion Relation is the influence of Waves Dispersion.
Waves Attenuation is the influence of Wavelength.
Waves Attenuation is the influence of Waves Damping.
Waves Dispersion is the influence of Wavelength.
Waves Dispersion is the influence of Parameters.
Waves Dispersion is the influence of Bubbles.
Waves Dissipation is the influence of Liquid Viscosity.
Waves Dissipation is the influence of Interphase Heat Transfer.
Waves Dissipation is the influence of Liquid Compressibility.
Bubbles Radius is the influence of Waves Attenuation.
Bubbles Radius is the influence of Waves Dispersion.
Bubbles Radius is the influence of Phase Speed Decrease.
Heat Transfer Impact is the influence of Waves Dispersion.
Heat Transfer Impact is the influence of Waves Propagation.
Family Of Equations is the description of Fifth Order Evolution Equations.
Inverse Scattering Transform is the solution of Cauchy Problem.
One Soliton Solution is the solution of Cauchy Problem.
Solitary Wave is the depends on of Wave Speed.
Solitary Wave is the depends on of Parameters.
Width is the depends on of Wave Speed.
Width is the depends on of Parameters.
Amplitude is the varies with of Radius Of Bubbles.
Width is the varies with of Equilibrium Bubbles Radius.
Exact Solutions studys Generalized Korteweg De Vries Equation.
Elliptic Solutions studys Generalized Korteweg De Vries Equation.
Rational Solutions studys Generalized Korteweg De Vries Equation.
Simplest Equation Method uses Equation.
Weak Shock Wave is the varies with of Radius Of Bubbles.
Weak Shock Wave is the decreases with of Amplitude.
Weak Shock Wave is the increases with of Width.
Nonlinear Waves contains Gas Bubbles.
Normal Form Equation bes Integrable.
Special Solutions finds Generalized Korteweg De Vries Equation.
System Of Equation uses Nonlinear Waves.
System Of Equation uses Visco Elastic Tubes.
System Of Equation uses Plasma.
Rfbr Grant 14 - 01 - 00493-A supports Nondimensional Parameters.
Grant For Scientific Schools 2296.2014.1 supports Nondimensional Parameters.
Grant For The State Support Of Young Russian Scientists 3694.2014.1 supports Nondimensional Parameters.