Subhalos is the contribution of Galactic Halo.
Sun is the proximity of Galactic Halo.
Sun is the proximity of Viral Radius.
Moore Profile is the enhancement of Subhalos.
Nfw Profile is the enhancement of Subhalos.
Moore Profile is the comparison of De Boer.
Nfw Profile is the comparison of De Boer.
De Boer is the indication of Dma.
Dma is the contribution of Cosmic Rays.
Molecular Hydrogen is the uncertainty of Dma.
Molecular Hydrogen is the normalization of Dma Component.
Bergstrm is the critique of Dma Scenario.
Neutralino is the relation of Antiprotons.
Dma is the boost of Rays.
De Boer is the boost of Subhalos.
Bergstrm is the boost of Fluxes.
Subhalos is the boost of Rays.
Rays is the affects of Radii.
Radii shows Fig [ Density ].
Subhalos is the boost of Rays.
Rays is the affects of Earth.
Dm Rings is the enhance of Antiproton Flux.
Antiproton Flux is the consistent with of Data.
Propagation Model is the account for of Diffusion Region.
Diffusion Region is the affects of Rays.
Parameters is the determine of Propagation Model.
Diffusion Region is the determine of Height.
Height crosss Gas Density.
Gas Density is the average of Atoms.
Crs confines Diffusion Region.
Diffusion Region is the spending of Time.
Halo represents Volume.
Radioactive Nuclei Isotopes derives Halo.
Data favors Radioactive Nuclei Isotopes.
Parameters ranges Halo.
Parameters is the fit of Observational B / C Ratio Data.
Diffusion Region is the at least as large as of Halo.
Halo constrains Diffuse Rays.
Gas is the not smoothly distributed of Diffusion Region.
Crs is the travel in of Region.
Region is the lead to of Diffuse Rays.
Gas Density is the higher than average of Molecular Clouds.
Molecular Clouds is the act as of Magnetic Fields.
Molecular Clouds is the confine of Magnetic Fields.
Magnetic Fields is the reflect and confine of Cr Particles.
Crs lowers Gas Density.
Gas Density is the of the order of of Constant Factor.
Constant Factor is the reproduce of Reduction Factor.
Reduction Factor is the reproduce of Data.
Reduction Factor is the reproduce of Kpc.
Halo is the adjust of Diffusion Coefficient.
Halo is the adjust of Speed.
Diffusion Coefficient is the reproduce of Ratios.
Protons takes Spectrum.
Protons observes Spectrum.
Energy Loss is the negligible of Proton.
Electron Spectrum is the different from of Intensity Normalization.
Electron Spectrum is the smaller than of Fluctuations.
Model is the reproduce of Data.
Dm Ring Parameters changes Inner Ring.
Inner Ring locates R.
Outer Ring moves R.
Rings is the contribute to of Emissions.
Rings is the explain at of Latitudes.
Rings is the account for of Excess.
Subhalos is the enhance of Emissions.
Emissions is the boost of Radii.
Rings is the contribute to of Emissions.
Rings is the explain at of Latitudes.
Rings analyzes Gas Flaring.
Rings favors Radius.
Rings is the not changed of Rotation Curve.
Dm Smooth Halo is the contribution to of Rotation Curve.
Rings is the contribution to of Rotation Curve.
Bulge is the contribution to of Rotation Curve.
Disk is the contribution to of Rotation Curve.
Gamma Ray Spectra predicts Regions.
Contributions includes Dma.
Diffuse Rays is the consistent with of Observations.
Diffuse Rays shows Spectra.
Model is the reproduce of Data.
Longitude Profiles compares Latitudes.
Latitude Profiles compares Inner Galaxy.