Neupert Effect is the resembles of Soft X-Ray Light Curve.
Soft X-Ray Light Curve is the causal connection of Hard X-Ray Emission.
Soft X-Ray Light Curve is the causal connection of Microwave Emission.
Neupert Effect interprets Nonthermal Flare Emissions.
Nonthermal Flare Emissions explains Nonthermal Thick-Target Model.
Nonthermal Thick-Target Model releases Nonthermal Electrons.
Nonthermal Electrons is the produces of Hard X-Rays.
Nonthermal Electrons is the produces of Electron-Ion Bremsstrahlung.
Electron-Ion Bremsstrahlung is the occurs when of Corona.
Electron-Ion Bremsstrahlung is the occurs when of Transition Region.
Electron-Ion Bremsstrahlung is the occurs when of Chromosphere.
Nonthermal Electrons is the energy loss due to of Coulomb Collisions.
Coulomb Collisions is the heats of Plasma.
Chromosphere is the convects into of Corona.
Corona is the process known as of Chromosphere.
Chromosphere is the enhances emission via of Soft X-Ray Light Curve.
Neupert Effect is the insight into of Flare Energetics.
Neupert Effect is the role in of Nonthermal Electrons.
Neupert Effect expresss Neupert Effect.
Neupert Effect is the depends on of Soft X-Ray Peak Flux.
Neupert Effect is the depends on of Hard X-Ray Fluence.
Neupert Effect is the depends on of Magnetic Field Geometry.
Neupert Effect is the depends on of Viewing Angle.
Neupert Effect is the utilizes data from of Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellites (Goes).
Neupert Effect is the utilizes data from of Burst And Transient Source Experiment (Batse).
Burst And Transient Source Experiment (Batse) is the collects data in of Hard X-Rays.
Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellites (Goes) provides Soft X-Ray Light Curve.
Solar Data Analysis Center is the archives data at of Nasa/Goddard Space Flight Center.
Soft X-Ray Light Curve relates Flare Energy.
Neupert Effect is the relevant for of Coronal Heating.
Neupert Effect is the relevant for of Nanoflares.
Power-Law Slope is the determines of Nanoflares.
Veronig A. collaborates Temmer M..
Veronig A. collaborates Hanslmeier A..
Veronig A. collaborates Otruba W..
Veronig A. collaborates Messerotti M..