Neutrino Mass is the explanation of Neutrino Oscillations.
Neutrino Mass is the explanation of Neutrino Masses.
Neutrino Masses is the assumption of Majorana.
Neutrino Masses is the source of Physics.
Neutrino Masses is the source of Energy Scale.
Energy Scale is the comparison of Electroweak Symmetry Breaking.
Operator starts Neutrino Masses.
Operator is the reference of Effective Dimension-Five Operator.
Effective Dimension-Five Operator is the component of Lepton Doublets.
Effective Dimension-Five Operator is the component of Standard Model.
Effective Dimension-Five Operator is the component of Higgs Scalar Doublet.
Higgs Scalar Doublet is the relation of Vacuum Expectation Value.
Vacuum Expectation Value is the generation of Neutrino Mass Matrix.
Neutrino Mass Matrix is the effect of Lepton Number.
Neutrino Mass Matrix is the characteristic of Seesaw Mechanism.
Seesaw Mechanism is the classification of Tree-Level Seesaw Realizations.
Tree-Level Seesaw Realizations is the categorization of Heavy Particle.
Tree-Level Seesaw Realizations is the possibility of Radiative Realization.
Radiative Realization is the involvement of Dark Sector.
Radiative Realization is the involvement of Dark Matter.
Radiative Realization is the example of Scotogenic Model.
Scotogenic Model is the component of Scalar Doublet.
Scotogenic Model is the component of Neutral Singlet Fermions.
Scotogenic Model is the relation of Parity.
Scotogenic Model is the comparison of Sneutrinos.
Scotogenic Model is the comparison of Higgsinos.
Scotogenic Model is the relation of Dark Matter.
Scotogenic Model is the possibility of Radiative Realization.
Radiative Realization is the introduction of Scalar Trilinear Term.
Scalar Trilinear Term is the effect of Neutrino Mass Matrix.
Scalar Trilinear Term is the addition of Dirac Fermion Doublet.
Dirac Fermion Doublet is the addition of Scalar Singlets.
Scalar Potential is the relation of Yukawa Interactions.
Scalar Potential is the relation of Mass Terms.
Scalar Potential is the relation of Soft Breaking.
Neutrino Mass Matrix is the process of Neutrino Mass Matrix Diagonalization.
Neutrino Mass Matrix Diagonalization is the relation of Higgs Boson.
Higgs Boson is the effect of Decay.
Higgs Boson is the relation of Charged Leptons.
Charged Leptons is the reference of Experimental Limits.
Experimental Limits is the reference of Lhc.
Lhc is the parameter of Center-Of-Mass Energy.
Lhc is the parameter of Final States.
Lhc is the result of Exclusion Limit.
Dark Matter Relic Density is the relation of Quartic Coupling.
Dark Matter Relic Density is the relation of Direct-Detection Cross Section.
Direct-Detection Cross Section is the reference of Underground Experiments.
Direct-Detection Cross Section is the reference of Real Scalar.
Real Scalar is the generation of Mass-Squared Matrix.
Mass-Squared Matrix is the effect of Annihilation.
Mass-Squared Matrix is the effect of Scattering Cross Section.
Mass-Squared Matrix is the effect of Relic Abundance.
Mass-Squared Matrix is the effect of Complex Scalar.
Mass-Squared Matrix is the effect of Astrophysical Implications.
Mass-Squared Matrix is the effect of Mediator.
Lepton haves Xmath170.
Scalar haves Xmath31.
Scalar bes Dark Matter.
Lhc is the can probe of Doubly Charged Higgs Boson.
S. Weinberg is the author of Phys Lett 43.
E. Ma is the author of Phys Lett 81.
E. Ma is the author of Phys D73.
E. Ma is the author of Mod A24.
E. Ma is the author of Phys 115.
K. A. Olive is the author of Phys C38.
G. Aad is the author of Jhep 1503.
S. Kanemura is the author of Phys Rev D90.
V. Khachatryan is the author of J C74.
S. Chatrchyan is the author of Phys Rev D90.
G. Aad is the author of Phys Rev D90.
Alloul is the author of Comput.Phys.Commun 185.
J. Alwall is the author of J High Energy Phys 1106.
B. Dumont is the author of Eur.Phys.J C75.
L. Feng is the author of Jhep 1503.
G. Steigman is the author of Phys Rev D86.
D. N. Spergel is the author of Phys 84.
J. Mcdonald is the author of Phys Lett 88.
M. Markevitch is the author of J 606.
C. Kouvaris is the author of Phys Lett 108.
M. Kaplinghat is the author of Phys Lett 114.
S. Tulin is the author of Aip Conf Proc 1604.