Dynamical Systems is the preserve of Geometrical Structure.
Dynamical Systems is the preserve of Symplectic Form.
Dynamical Systems is the preserve of Contact Form.
Symplectic Form associates Liouville.
Contact Form associates Liouville.
Manifold haves Contact Form On Manifold.
Contact Form On Manifold preserves Strict Contactomorphism.
Manifold haves Vector Field.
Vector Field is the consists of of Strict Contactomorphism.
Vector Field associates Contact Hamiltonian.
Singularity is the local behavior for of Liouville Vector Fields.
Liouville Vector Fields is the belong in of Plane.
Liouville Vector Fields is the classification based on of Liouville Conjugate.
Liouville Vector Fields is the depend on of Univariate Functions.
Univariate Functions classifys Restricted Contact Equivalence.
Germ classifys Univariate Functions.
Equivalence Relation defines Restricted Contact Equivalence.
Univariate Functions is the depend on of Tangent Space.
Univariate Functions defines Codimension.
Univariate Functions determines Finite Determinacy.
Regular Point generates Contact Form.
Matrix is the diagonal form of Subset.
Subset is the transformation to linear part of Vector Fields.
Linearizing Diffeomorphism is the close proximity of Identity.
Linearizing Diffeomorphism is the preservation of Contact Form.
Subset is the non-zero linearization of Vector Fields.
Subset obtains Codimension.
Normal Form Theory is the coordinate change of Coordinates.
Operator is the leaves invariant of Vector Fields.
Operator is the leaves invariant of Subspaces.
Subspaces generates Basic Vector Fields.
Subspaces is the interest included of Vector Fields.
Matrix is the property of Self Adjoint.
Operator is the complement of Kernel.
Kernel is the verification of Trivial.
Kernel is the transformation of Diffeomorphism.
Diffeomorphism is the non-zero linear part transformation of Linear Part.
Diffeomorphism is the preservation of 1Form.
Matrix is the preservation of Diagonal Form.
Contact Vector Fields is the projection of Symplectic Fields.
Homogeneous Contact Vector Fields is the preservation of Plane.
Plane is the preservation of Liouville.
Contact Systems is the possession of Hyperbolic Singularities.
Hyperbolic Singularities is the conditions obtained of Linearization.
Singularities is the comparison of Degenerate Singularities.
Homogeneous Strictly Contact Systems is the study of Plane Systems.
Plane Systems is the interest of Liouville.
Plane Systems is the classification of Univariate Functions.
Univariate Functions is the application of Restricted Contact Equivalence Relation.
Restricted Contact Equivalence Relation is the generalization of Differential Conjugacy Relation.
Restricted Contact Equivalence Relation is the conjugacy relation of Vector Fields.
Normal Form Theory is the utilization of Approach.
Approach is the help of Problem.
Contact Dynamical Systems is the analysis of Behavior.
Contact Dynamical Systems is the dedication of Professors.