Stars researchs Solar-Type Rotating Stars.
Lightcurve is the contains of Peaks.
Periodograms obtains Stars.
Stars saves Position.
Stars saves Height.
Stars saves Width.
Peaks collects Height.
Peaks collects Integrated Strength.
Peaks collects Period.
Peaks collects Number Of Peaks.
Data divides Strength.
Strength examines Stars.
Strength determines P@Xmath5.
P@Xmath5 compares Pure Sine Wave.
Kepler Input Catalog shows Stellar Parameters.
Stars compares Crowding Factors.
Crowding Factors is the similar for of Samples.
Giants finds Non-Periodic Sample.
Giants describes Complex Variability.
Dwarfs is the preferentially show up as of Periodic.
Hot Stars shows Periodic.
Hot Stars shows Non-Periodic.
Hot Stars is the not tested for of Short Periods.
Hot Pulsators is the would be if extended search to shorter periods of Not Flagged.
Stars is the powerful in measuring of Rotation.
Stars considers Data.
Data analyzes More Than A Month.
More Than A Year is the remain to be resolved of Issues.
Stellar Variability resolves Distinguished From Instrumental Effects.
Data Segments patchs Stars.
V@Xmath2 shows Temperature.
Active Sun compares V@Xmath2.
Periodic Sample examines Detail.
Primary Periods distributes Sample.
Sample restricts Restricted By Kic Gravities.
Kic Gravities is the greater than of Log(G).
Quiet Sun Data is the reduction of P@Xmath5.
P@Xmath5 is the effect of Dominant Period Distribution.
Dominant Period Distribution is the selection of Subsample.
Subsample is the restriction of Kic Gravities.
Subsample is the restriction of Log(G).
Subsample is the restriction of Temperatures.
Subsample is the restriction of Periods.
Subsample is the selection of P@Xmath1370.
Subsample is the selection of V@Xmath142.
Upper Panel is the display of Trend.
Upper Panel is the display of Scatter.
Scatter is the association of Axes.
Periodic Sample is the selection of Periodogram Strengths.
Periodic Sample is the selection of Periodic Stars.
Periodic Stars is the observation of Variability.
Periodic Stars is the observation of Region.
Periodic Sample is the selection of Criterion.
Solar-Type Main Sequence Stars is the observation of Variability.
Solar-Type Main Sequence Stars is the observation of Periods.
Solar-Type Main Sequence Stars is the observation of Starspots.
Solar-Type Main Sequence Stars is the observation of Stellar Rotation.
Objects is the observation of Periods.
Weeks is the observation of Differential Rotation.
Variable Stars is the observation of Amplitude.
Variable Stars is the observation of Giants.
Giants is the selection of Photometric Properties.
High Amplitude Non-Periodic Stars is the observation of High Frequency Pulsators.
Periodic Variables is the observation of Well-Determined Periods.
Rotation Periods is the observation of Main Sequence Stars.
Main Sequence Stars is the observation of Solar Rotation.
Time Coverage is the observation of Age Distribution.
Stellar Variability is the observation of Mission.
Mission is the support of Dataset.
Stars is the observation of Noise.
Stars is the observation of Behavior.
Population is the observation of Eye.
Variables is the observation of Pulsators.
Variables is the observation of Eclipsers.
Lightcurves is the observation of Magnetic Activity.
Engineers is the acknowledgment of Managers.
Kepler Fellowship is the acknowledgment of Nsf.
Nsf is the acknowledgment of Grant.
Funding is the acknowledgment of Nasa.
Aip Conf is the publication of Cool Stars.
Cool Stars is the publication of Stellar Systems.
Stellar Systems is the publication of Sun.
Alonso is the acknowledgment of Basri.
Alonso is the acknowledgment of Batalha.
Borucki is the acknowledgment of Science.
Batalha is the acknowledgment of Apj.
Bedding is the acknowledgment of Apj.
Caldwell is the acknowledgment of Apj.
Dewitte is the acknowledgment of Geophys.
Gilliland is the acknowledgment of Aj.
Guenther is the acknowledgment of Apj.
Jenkins is the acknowledgment of Apj.
Jenkins is the acknowledgment of Apj.
Koch is the acknowledgment of Apjl.
Pizzolato is the acknowledgment of A&A.
Pizzolato is the acknowledgment of A&A.
Pizzolato is the acknowledgment of A&A.
Pizzolato is the acknowledgment of A&A.
Strassmeier is the acknowledgment of Person.