Lagrangian is the describes of Quantum Chromodynamics.
Ground State relates Quantum Chromodynamics.
Qcd Vacuum is the modifies of Quantum Chromodynamics.
Green'S Functions is the modifies of Qcd Vacuum.
Bag Constant is the defines of Qcd Vacuum.
Bag Constant is the calculates of Gluon Propagator.
Gluon Field Configurations is the influences of Qcd Vacuum.
Gluon Field Configurations is the affects of Gluon Propagator.
Gluon Propagator is the determines of Effective Potential.
Composite Operators is the utilizes of Effective Potential.
Bag Constant requires Colorlessness.
Bag Constant requires Finiteness.
Bag Constant requires Gauge Independence.
Bag Constant requires Stable Vacuum.
Bag Constant is the calculates of Effective Potential.
Bag Constant is the relates to of Gluon Condensate.
Effective Potential is the uses of Composite Operators.
Effective Potential is the contains of Gluon Propagator.
Effective Potential is the contains of Skeleton Loop Expansion.
Quark Propagators is the contributes to of Skeleton Loop Expansion.
Quark-Gluon Vertex is the contributes to of Skeleton Loop Expansion.
Three-Gluon Vertices is the contributes to of Skeleton Loop Expansion.
Four-Gluon Vertices is the contributes to of Skeleton Loop Expansion.
Gluon Propagator is the describes of Gluon Invariant Function.
Gluon Propagator is the determines of Running Effective Charge.
Mass Gap is the influences of Running Effective Charge.
Abelian Higgs Model is the relates to of Mass Gap.
Uv Asymptotic is the affects of Running Effective Charge.
Bag Constant contaminates Pt Contributions.
Bag Constant defines Tnp Ym Ved.
Bag Constant is the free of of Effective Charge.
Bag Constant is the dependent on of Gluons.
Bag Constant is the dependent on of Transversal Degrees Of Freedom.
Bag Constant is the dependent on of Mass Gap.
Bag Constant identifys Jaffe-Witten Mass Gap.
Bag Constant derives Gluon Propagator.
Bag Constant sums Matsubara Frequencies.
Bag Constant relates Gluon Matter Pressure.
Bag Constant relates Entropy Density.
Bag Constant relates Energy Density.
Eq:32 is the relation of Eq:31.
Eq:33 is the relation of Eq:31.
Eq:18 is the relation of Eq:31.
Fig:4 is the relation of Eq:31.
Eq:1 is the relation of Eq:16.
Eq:1 is the relation of Eq:17.
Eq:10 is the relation of Eq:6.
Eq:9 is the relation of Eq:10.
Eq:11 is the relation of Eq:10.
Eq:12 is the relation of Eq:10.
Eq:13 is the relation of Eq:12.
Eq:6 is the relation of Eq:18.
Eq:16 is the relation of Eq:18.
Eq:17 is the relation of Eq:18.
Bag Constant measures Energy.
Qcd Vacuum is the contains of Bag Constant.
Bag Constant measures Watt-Hour.
Urban publishs Astrophys J Suppl.
Zhitnitsky publishs Astrophys J Suppl.
Milton publishs Hep-Th/0406024.
Roberts publishs Hep-Th/0012063.
Ford publishs Quant-Ph.
Klimchitskaya publishs Quant-Ph/0609145.
Xue publishs Xue Phys B.
Xue publishs Xue Phys D.
M Scandurra publishs Hep-Th/0104127.
Bjorken is the author of of Relativistic Quantum Mechanics.
Drell is the author of of Relativistic Quantum Mechanics.
Itzykson is the author of of Quantum Field Theory.
Zuber is the author of of Quantum Field Theory.
Kapusta is the author of of Finite-Temperature Field Theory.
Gale is the author of of Finite-Temperature Field Theory.