Jet is the emerges from of Black Hole.
Jet is the investigates of Magnetic Field.
High-Energy Electrons is the produces of Optical Band.
High-Energy Electrons is the produces of Near-Infrared Band.
Active Galactic Nuclei is the produces of Optical Band.
Gamma-Ray Burst is the produces of Optical Band.
Optical Band is the dominates of Synchrotron Emission.
Near-Infrared Band appears Synchrotron Emission.
Active Galactic Nuclei is the exhibits of Linear Polarization.
Gamma-Ray Burst is the exhibits of Linear Polarization.
Active Galactic Nuclei is the determines of Polarization Position Angle.
Gamma-Ray Burst is the determines of Polarization Position Angle.
Galactic Black Hole Binary Jets is the limits of Polarimetry.
Cyg X-2 detects Polarimetry.
Sco X-1 detects Polarimetry.
V404 Cygni studys Polarimetry.
V404 Cygni uses 1.5 M Telescope.
V404 Cygni uses Pirka 1.6 M Telescope.
V404 Cygni uses Hiroshima Optical And Near Ir Camera (Honir).
V404 Cygni uses Kanata 1.5-M Telescope.
V404 Cygni uses Multi-Spectral Imager (Msi).
V404 Cygni analyzes X-Ray Telescope (Xrt).
Xrt uses Heasoft.
V404 Cygni fits Disk Blackbody Plus Power-Law Model.
V404 Cygni performs Flux Calibration.
V404 Cygni bases Spectro-Polarimetry.
V404 Cygni uses Astrometric Vlbi Observations.
V404 Cygni analyzes Swift Satellite.
V404 Cygni uses Xspec.
Kanata is the measurement of Nir.
Kanata is the derivation of Dereddened.
Companion Star is the derivation of Colors.
Colors is the correction of Extinction.
Extinction is the implication of Synchrotron Emission.
Outer Jet is the extrapolation of Radio Spectrum.
Disk Model is the interpretation of Linear Polarization.
Orphan Flare is the implication of Red Color.
Orphan Flare is the implication of Duration.
Orphan Flare is the origin of Synchrotron Emission.
Orphan Flare is the comparison of Peak Flux.
Giant Radio Flares is the comparison of Peak Flux.
Sub-Mm Flares is the comparison of Peak Flux.
Sed is the application of Modeling.
Sed is the comparison of Synchrotron Self-Compton Model.
Blazar is the application of Sed.
Spectral Break is the implication of Optically Thick.
Spectral Break is the implication of Optically Thin.
Spectral Break is the definition of Break Frequency.
Break Frequency is the cause of Synchrotron Self Absorption.
Break Frequency is the implication of Optically Thin.
Electron Distribution is the derivation of Cutoff Energy.
Acceleration Time is the calculation of Electron Distribution.
Cooling Time is the estimation of Energy Loss Processes.
Energy Loss Processes is the estimation of Cooling Time.
Energy Loss Processes is the estimation of Adiabatic Cooling.
Energy Loss Processes is the estimation of Ssc Cooling.
Fast-Cooling Regime is the implication of Energy Distribution.
Poynting Flux is the calculation of Jet Power.
Jet Power is the calculation of Radiative Efficiency.
Cold Protons is the inclusion of Baryon Component.
Blue-Shifted Emission Lines is the confirmation of Baryon Component.
Jet is the suggests of Electron Acceleration.
Jet is the comparison of Agn Jets.
Power-Law Index derives Electron Energy Distribution.
Sed Modeling is the involves of Agn Jets.
Electrons assumes Broken Power-Law Shape.
Broken Power-Law Shape is the below of Break Lorentz Factor.
Break Lorentz Factor estimates Acceleration Mechanism.
Jet implys Systems.
Jet requires Cold Proton Component.
Jet is the same situation as in of Agn Jets.
Bright Flare derives Jet Radiative Efficiency.
Jet Radiative Efficiency is the comparable to of Agn.
Jet Radiative Efficiency is the comparable to of Grb Jets.
Referee provides Jet.
Dr. Trushkin provides Jet.
Dr. Rodriguez provides Jet.
Jet supports Optical & Near-Infrared Astronomy Inter-University Cooperation Program.
Jet supports Mext Of Japan.
Jet is the acknowledges with thanks of Variable Star Observations.
Jet uses Aavso International Database.
Ytt supports Jet.
Mu supports Jet.
Ccc supports Nrl.
Mw supports Jet.