Heavy-Ion Irradiated Samples is the interaction of Flux-Lines.
Flux-Lines is the interaction of Columnar Defects.
High-T@Xmath5 Superconductors is the subject of of Flux-Lines.
Angle Dependent Critical Current Enhancement is the evidence of of Yba@Xmath0Cu@Xmath1O@Xmath2.
Angle Dependent Critical Current Enhancement is the evidence of of Bi@Xmath0Sr@Xmath0Cacu@Xmath0O@Xmath6.
Correlated Disorder is the influence on of Equilibrium Properties.
Linear Defects is the interaction of Equilibrium Magnetization.
Vortex Lines is the interaction of Liquid Phase.
Vortex Lines is the interaction of Linear Defects.
Single Crystal is the subject of of Irradiation.
Irradiation is the creation of of Linear Amorphous Defects.
Ion Beam is the direction of of Linear Amorphous Defects.
Single Crystal is the subject of of Magneto-Optic Flux Visualization Technique.
Magneto-Optic Flux Visualization Technique is the measurement technique of of Torque.
Magneto-Optic Flux Visualization Technique is the measurement technique of of Magnetization.
Piezoresistive Microlever is the measurement tool of of Torque.
Piezoresistive Microlever is the component of of Wheatstone Resistive Bridge.
He@Xmath18 Exchange Gas uses Piezoresistive Microlever.
Meissner Slope is the calibration of of Reversible Magnetization.
Reversible Magnetization is the calculation of of Torque.
Torque is the measurement of of Irreversibility Line.
Squid Ac-Susceptometry is the measurement technique of of Irreversibility Line.
Vortex Liquid Phase is the dependence on of Field Angle.
Field Angle is the relation to of Lock-In Angle.
Flux Line Pinning is the lowering of of Free Energy.
Free Energy affects Vortex Liquid Phase.
Vortex Liquid Phase is the influence on of Pinning Energy Per Unit Length.
Accommodation Angle is the relation to of Vortex Line Tension.
Vortex Line Tension is the influence on of Pinning Energy Per Unit Length.
Vortex Line Tension is the relation to of Wavevector.
Penetration Depth is the relation to of Plane Coherence Length.
Plane Coherence Length is the relation to of Anisotropy Parameter.
Resistivity is the dependence on of Depinning Angle.
Depinning Angle is the measurement of of Transport Measurements.
Transport Measurements is the estimation of of Pinning Potential.
Pinning Potential is the calculation of of Pinning Energy Per Unit Length.
Core Pinning is the comparison with of Pinning Energy Per Unit Length.
Electromagnetic Pinning is the comparison with of Track Radius.
Thermal Fluctuations is the effect on of Pinning Energy Per Unit Length.
Field Rotation is the influence on of Vortex Density.
Vortex Density is the relation to of Pinning Energy Per Unit Volume.
Equilibrium Magnetization is the dependence on of Vortex Energy Distribution.
Wengel collaborates Tuber.
Resistivity Measurements accounts Thermal Fluctuations.
Resistivity Measurements accounts Depinning Angle.
Depinning Angle is the equal to of Thermal Energy.
Depinning Angle is the equal to of Pinning Energy.
Vortex Segment traps Thermal Energy.
Vortex Segment traps Pinning Energy.
Vortex Segment is the equal to of Thermal Energy.
Vortex Segment is the equal to of Pinning Energy.
Depinning Angle is the smaller than of Accomodation Angle.
Depinning Angle measures Accomodation Angle.
Depinning Angle gives Accomodation Angle.
Depinning Angle is the angular dependence of resistivity of Accomodation Angle.
Depinning Angle is the smaller than of Accomodation Angle.
Depinning Angle is the comparable to of Accomodation Angle.
Depinning Angle is the irreversible regime in fig data of Accomodation Angle.
Magnetization is the implies of Reversible.
Resistivity Measurements is the implies of Linear.
Thermal Depinning Rate bes Non Zero.
Pinning Energy is the average vortex length trapped on columnar defect of Proportional To.
Pinning Energy is the rapid of Decrease With Temperature.
Pinning Energy seems In Agreement With Estimates From Resistivity Data.
Pinning Energy reflects Reflects Increasing Efficiency Of Thermal Fluctuations.
Vortex Wandering is the strong of Depinning Temperature.
Vortex Wandering follows Torque Jump.
Vortex Wandering observes Exponential Temperature Dependence.
Vortex Wandering attributes Rapid Decrease Of Accomodation Angle.
Vortex Wandering is the below depinning temperature of Disappearance Of Pinning Energy.
Vortex Wandering is the below depinning temperature of Disappearance Of Torque Jump.
Vortex Wandering is the responsible for of Thermal Wandering Of Flux Lines.
Torque observes Angle Dependent Contribution.
Amorphous Columnar Defects is the contribution to of Equilibrium Magnetization.
Torque Signal determines Lock-In Angle.
Torque Signal determines Pinning Energy Of Linear Defects.
Pinning Energy is the in of Qualitative Agreement With Core Pinning Mechanism By Columnar Defects.
Pinning Energy is the means of Strong Field Dependence.
Flux Lines is the interactions between of Thermal Fluctuations.
Torque Jump is the strong of Temperature Dependence.
Pinning Energy is the consequence of of Disappearance Below Depinning Temperature.
Thermal Fluctuations is the consequence of of Increasingly Efficient In Liberating Vortex Segments From Tracks.
Stj funds Ec.
Stj funds Tmr Grant Nr.
Stj is the thanks to of F. Holtzberg.
F. Holtzberg provides Yba@Xmath41Cu@Xmath42O@Xmath2 Single Crystal.
Weak Irreversibility estimates Equilibrium Torque Estimation.
L. Fruchter is the see also of I.A. Campbell.