Power-Law is the fit of Flight-Length.
Geolife is the contains of Power-Law.
Nokia-Mdc is the contains of Power-Law.
Power-Law is the best fit of Truncated-Power-Law.
Power-Law is the not well fitted of Lognormal.
Power-Law is the not well fitted of Exponential.
Pdfs is the illustrates of Power-Law.
Pdfs is the illustrates of Truncated-Power-Law.
Akaike-Weights is the shows of Power-Law.
Loglikelihood-Ratio is the compares of Power-Law.
Loglikelihood-Ratio is the compares of Lognormal.
Transportation-Modes is the best approximated of Lognormal.
Truncated-Power-Law is the characterizes of Lvy-Flights.
Lvy-Flights is the mixture of Lognormal.
Lognormal is the mixture of Mixtures.
Mixtures is the overall probability of Power-Law.
Road-Network dos Power-Law.
Beijing is the contains of Road-Network.
Gps-Trajectory extracts Geolife.
Gps-Trajectory extracts Nokia-Mdc.
Mobility-Dataset summarizes Geolife.
Mobility-Dataset summarizes Nokia-Mdc.
Transportation Modality includes Walk.
Transportation Modality includes Run.
Transportation Modality includes Car.
Transportation Modality includes Bus.
Transportation Modality includes Taxi.
Transportation Modality includes Subway.
Transportation Modality includes Train.
Transportation Modality includes Bike.
Transportation Modality includes Flight.
Flight is the defines of Straight-Line Trip.
Straight-Line Trip is the mitigates of Gps Errors.
Straight-Line Trip is the simplifies of Trajectory.
Straight-Line Trip is the determines of Flight Length.
Flight Length is the fits of Power-Law Distribution.
Power-Law Distribution is the minimizes of Kolmogorov-Smirnov Distance.
Power-Law Distribution is the utilizes of Akaike Weights.
Akaike Weights is the combines of Aic.
Aic is the uses of Mle.
Mle is the finds of Estimator.
Mle is the maximizes of Likelihood Function.
Estimator is the describes of Fitted Distribution.
Fitted Distribution is the determines of Scaling Parameter.
Transportation Modality includes Geolife Dataset.
Transportation Modality includes Nokia Mdc Dataset.
User haves Timestamp.
User haves Activity Id.
User haves Ground Truth Transportation Mode.
User haves Transportation Mode Labels.
User haves Flights.
Scale Range is the determines of Portion Of The Data.
Scale Range is the considers of Gps Errors.
Scale Range is the uses of Straight Line.
Scale Range is the applies of Rectangular Model.
Rectangular Model is the utilizes of Trajectory Simplification Mechanism.
Trajectory Simplification Mechanism is the investigates of Lévy Walk Nature.
Flight Length is the maps of Flight Length Mapping.
Flight Length Mapping is the obtains of Final Patterns.
Final Patterns is the obtains of 202,702 Flights.
Final Patterns is the obtains of 224,723 Flights.
Scale Range is the performs of Power-Law Fit.
Power-Law Fit is the minimizes of Kolmogorov-Smirnov Distance.
Power-Law Fit is the determines of Optimal Value.
Optimal Value is the determines of Akaike Weights.
Akaike Weights is the calculates of Normalized Distribution Selection Criterion.
Normalized Distribution Selection Criterion is the determines of Aic Value.
Aic Value is the normalizes of Akaike Weights Calculation.
Akaike Weights Calculation is the chooses of Fitting Distribution.
Fitting Distribution is the calculates of Mean.
Fitting Distribution is the calculates of Variance.
Mean represents Change Rate.
Variance represents Change Rate.
Change Rate is the incorporates of Exponential Parameter.
Exponential Parameter is the between of Elapsed Time.
Mean is the calculates of Standard Deviation.
Variance is the calculates of Standard Deviation.
Fitted Exponential Parameter is the combines of Fitted Exponential Parameter.