Whispering Gallery Mode Cavities demonstrates Quality Factors.
Whispering Gallery Mode Cavities limits Rayleigh Scattering.
Whispering Gallery Mode Cavities is the cause of losses of Impurities.
Whispering Gallery Mode Cavities is the cause of losses of Light-Induced Losses.
Whispering Gallery Mode Cavities is the efficient processes of Nonlinear Processes.
Whispering Gallery Mode Cavities is the process inside cavity of Raman Scattering.
Whispering Gallery Mode Cavities is the process inside cavity of Second Harmonic Generation.
Whispering Gallery Mode Cavities is the process inside cavity of Four-Wave Mixing.
Squeezed States uses Interferometric Measurements.
Squeezed States uses Absorption Measurements.
Squeezed States uses Quantum Teleportation.
Squeezed States uses Quantum Cryptography.
Squeezed States uses Quantum Imaging.
Squeezed Vacuum Field is the injection into cavity of Carrier Frequencies.
Squeezed Vacuum Field is the injection into cavity of Sideband Frequencies.
Squeezed Vacuum Field is the injection into cavity of Optical Cavity.
Optical Cavity is the characteristic of Resonance Frequency.
Optical Cavity is the characteristic of Mirror Reflectivities.
Optical Cavity is the characteristic of Reflected Field.
Optical Cavity is the characteristic of Adjoint.
Optical Cavity is the characteristic of Reflection Coefficient.
Optical Cavity is the characteristic of Vacuum Noise Coupling Coefficient.
Optical Cavity is the characteristic of Detuning.
Optical Cavity is the characteristic of Round-Trip Length.
Optical Cavity is the characteristic of Free Spectral Range.
Optical Cavity is the characteristic of Speed Of Light.
Optical Cavity is the transformation of Rotating Frame.
Reflected Light is the representation of Matrix Form.
Matrix Form defines Amplitude Quadratures.
Matrix Form defines Phase Quadratures.
Reflected Light is the measurement technique of Homodyne Detection.
Homodyne Detection uses Local Oscillator.
Homodyne Detection measures Variances.
Homodyne Detection relates Incident Field.
Incident Field relates Photon Number.
Photon Number defines Squeeze Factor.
Photon Number defines Squeeze Angle.
Photon Number defines Coherent Amplitude.
Incident Field is the comparison of Signal Contrast.
Impedance-Matched Cavity is the comparison of Shot Noise Limit.
Impedance-Matched Cavity is the consideration of Technical Noise.
Impedance-Matched Cavity is the consideration of Quantum Noise.
Quadrature Variances is the causes of Measurement Noise.
Measurement Noise is the leads to of Averages.
Cavity measures Parameters.
Parameters measures Cavity.
Cavity limits Shot Noise.
Shot Noise is the proportional to of Photons.
Photons is the affects of Signal-To-Noise Ratio.
Squeezed Vacuum Generator composes Optical Parametric Oscillator.
Squeezed Vacuum Generator composes Second Harmonic Generator.
Optical Parametric Oscillator is the pumps of Second Harmonic Generator.
Cavity locks Laser Frequency.
Laser Frequency locks Pdh-Locking Servo.
Pdh-Locking Servo is the uses of Pzt.
Cavity locks Homodyne Angle.
Homodyne Angle locks Pzt.
Experiment includes Setup.
Setup is the uses of Nd:Yag Laser.
Nd:Yag Laser is the generates of Output.
Output injects Squeezed Vacuum Generator.
Squeezed Vacuum Generator is the generates of Squeezed Vacuum.
Squeezed Vacuum is the uses of Nonlinear Crystals.
Nonlinear Crystals places Optical Cavities.
Optical Cavities configures Phase-Matching Configuration.
Second Harmonic Generator is the pumps with of Seed.
Optical Parametric Oscillator is the pumps with of Seed.
Optical Parametric Oscillator is the defines of Squeezing Bandwidth.
Optical Parametric Oscillator is the generates field for of Sub-Carrier Field.
Sub-Carrier Field shifts Frequency-Shift.
Frequency-Shift is the uses of Acousto-Optic Modulator.
Acousto-Optic Modulator is the injects into of Optical Parametric Oscillator.
Optical Parametric Oscillator locks Cavity.
Cavity detuneds Tem Mode.
Tem Mode is the shifts to of Frequency Shift.
Frequency Shift ensures Cavity.
Cavity is the injects into of Squeezed Vacuum.
Squeezed Vacuum injects Triangular Test Cavity.
Triangular Test Cavity measures Linewidth.
Triangular Test Cavity shifts Frequency Shift.
Frequency Shift detuneds Carrier Frequency.
Carrier Frequency is the ensures sidebands within of Cavity.
Cavity is the destroys correlation between of Sidebands.
Sidebands is the destroys of Squeezing.
Squeezing measures Balanced Homodyne Detection.
Balanced Homodyne Detection detects Photodetectors.
Photodetectors is the sends signal to of Spectrum Analyzer.
Spectrum Analyzer is the measures of Noise Variance.
Noise Variance affects Homodyne Efficiencies.
Noise Variance affects Quantum Efficiency.
Homodyne Efficiencies sums Quantum Efficiency.
Quantum Efficiency sums Quantum Efficiency Of The Photodetectors.
Quantum Efficiency Of The Photodetectors takes Fitting.
Fitting fits Linewidth.
Linewidth results Fitting Values.
Fitting Values is the determines of Linewidth.
Linewidth is the agrees with of Linewidth.
Linewidth measures Linewidth.
Linewidth estimates Linewidth.
Non-Invasive Measurements is the measure of Optical Cavity Parameters.
Optical Cavity Parameters is the avoids of Nonlinear Processes.
Optical Cavity Parameters is the useful for of Ultrahigh Q Cavities.
Optical Cavity Parameters is the useful for of Whispering Gallery Mode Cavities.
Optical Cavity Parameters is the improves of Signal Contrast.
Colleagues works Ligo Laboratory.
Colleagues is the acknowledges of Thomas Corbitt.
Colleagues is the acknowledges of Christopher Wipf.
Colleagues is the acknowledges of Stan Whitcomb.