Qubits realizes Superconducting Circuits.
Qubits realizes Quantum Dots.
Qubits realizes Trapped Ions.
Qubits realizes Single Dopants In Silicon.
Qubits realizes Nitrogen Vacancy Centres.
Gate Errors affects Finite Qubit Lifetime.
Gate Errors affects Measurement Imperfections.
Gate Errors affects Non-Ideal Initialization.
Gate Errors affects Imprecise External Control.
Gate Errors corrects Quantum Error Correction Codes.
Quantum Error Correction Codes is the encode information into of Physical Qubits.
Quantum Error Correction Codes utilizes Surface Codes.
Surface Codes is the require for each fault-tolerant logical qubit of Thousands Of Physical Qubits.
Quantum Processor controls Physical Qubits.
Quantum Processor is the challenges of Heat Management.
Quantum Processor is the decrease by implementing more accurate physical qubits of Energy Consumption.
Control Pulse is the arise from of Gate Errors.
Control Pulse is the arise from of Quantum-Mechanical Uncertainties.
Resonant Disposable Control Pulse is the affect of Gate Error.
Resonant Disposable Control Pulse poses Power Management.
Resonant Disposable Control Pulse challenges Dissipated Power.
Jaynes Cummings Model derives Gate Error.
Jaynes Cummings Model is the error originates from of Quantum Nature Of The Driving Mode.
Jaynes Cummings Model becomes Low Driving Powers.
Jaynes Cummings Model is the applicable to of arbitrary angles of Qubit Rotations.
Jaynes Cummings Model is the optimally realized by applying a certain amount of squeezing to of Single-Qubit Rotations.
Control Pulse is the induced correlations between of Controlled Qubit.
Control Pulse transfers Auxiliary Qubits.
Control Pulse generates Multiple Gates.
Control Pulse saves Energy Consumption.
Control Pulse is the exhibits orders of magnitude smaller with no drop in the average gate fidelity of Energy Consumption.
Gate Errors is the assess by utilizing of Semiclassical Model.
Gate Errors represents Bloch Vector.
Logic Gates realizes Microwave Pulses.
Interaction Hamiltonian describes Semiclassical Model.
Unitary Evolution is the evolution of the qubit is of Semiclassical Model.
Infidelity defines Target Qubit State.
Quantum Drive drives Drive Modes.
Quantum Drive describes Coherent State.
Error Analysis is the utilize for minimizing the average or maximum gate error of Eigenstates.
Eigenstates is the correspond to the largest eigenvalue of Squeezed Coherent States.
Fidelity is the improves of the phase gate of Squeezing.
Fidelity is the improves of the phase gate of Dispersive Regime.
Drive-Refreshing Protocol refreshs Ancillary Qubits.
Ancilla State is the enforces of Negative Feedback.
Ancilla State is the enforces of Average Photon Number.
Ancilla State is the satisfies of Condition ( Iii ).
Wigner Representation is the shows of Drive State.
Successive Ancilla Interactions is the satisfies of Condition ( Iv ).
Protocol generates @Xmath140 Gates.
Protocol tests Squeezed Cat State @Xmath241.
Squeezed Cat State @Xmath241 dos Conditions ( Ii ).
Squeezed Cat State @Xmath241 dos Conditions ( Iii ).
Squeezed Cat State @Xmath241 dos Ancilla State.
Squeezed Cat State @Xmath241 is the essential for of Bloch Vector.
Feedback Mechanism depicts Fig . [ Fig4 ].