Quantum Chromodynamics describes Perturbed Qcd.
Perturbed Qcd is the explains of Asymptotic Freedom.
Perturbed Qcd is the explains of Deep Inelastic Scattering Process.
Thooft proposes Inverse Number Of Colors.
Inverse Number Of Colors uses Su(3) Gauge Theory.
Su(3) Gauge Theory is the becomes of Weakly Interacting Meson.
Witten points Baryons.
Baryons is the appear as of Topological Solitons.
Skyrme Model recognizes Effective Theory.
Skyrme Model proposes Hedgehog Ansatz.
Hedgehog Ansatz is the quantization performed by of Collective Coordinates.
Skyrme Model is the explains of Static Properties.
Static Properties is the explains of Charge Radius.
Static Properties is the explains of Magnetic Moment.
Skyrme Model is the explains of Product Ansatz.
Product Ansatz uses Numerical Simulation.
Skyrme Model extends Atiyah-Manton Ansatz.
Atiyah-Manton Ansatz obtains Instanton Configuration.
Instanton Configuration is the describes of Torus Shape.
Instanton Configuration is the difficult to apply to of Atiyah-Manton Ansatz.
Atiyah-Manton Ansatz extends Su(3) Symmetry.
Atiyah-Manton Ansatz extends Gauge Group.
Atiyah-Manton Ansatz dos Exponential Damping Behavior.
Atiyah-Manton Ansatz introduces Additional Parameters.
Additional Parameters is the corresponds to of Profile Function.
Atiyah-Manton Ansatz conserves Baryon Number.
Baryon Number confirms Numerical Simulation.
Baryon Number uses Third Parameter Set.
Third Parameter Set determines Separation.
Third Parameter Set uses Baryon Number Density.
Third Parameter Set uses Numerical Simulation.
Third Parameter Set takes Orientations.
Third Parameter Set determines Instanton Parameters.
Instanton Parameters minimizes Static Energy.
Instanton Parameters gives Classical Mass.
Instanton Parameters is the determine of Static Potentials.
Static Potentials is the determine of Coefficients.
Static Potentials obtains Interaction.
Interaction integrates Wave Functions.
Wave Functions integrates Euler Angles.
Wave Functions adopts Yabu And Ando Wave Function.
Yabu And Ando Wave Function expresss Su(3) Rotation Matrices.
Yabu And Ando Wave Function is the contains properties of of Symmetry Breaking.
Yabu And Ando Wave Function imposes Subsidiary Condition.
Static Potential is the determine of Coefficients.
Mixing is the characteristic of of Symmetry.
Mixing is the involves of State.
Mixing is the involves of Effect.
Element is the part of of Potential.
Element is the survives in of Potential.
Element is the off-diagonal in of Potential.
Isospin conserves Baryon.
Spin is the not invariant of of System.
Spin conserves System.
Potential is the with respect to of State.
Wave Function is the not good of Eigenstate.
Wave Function is the better by diagonalizing of Eigenstate.
Wave Function obtains Eigenstate.
Wave Function is the two-baryon of System.
Wave Function is the single-baryon not good eigenstate for two-baryon of System.
Wave Function is the better eigenstate of two-baryon by diagonalizing of System.
Wave Function obtains System.
Effect is the together with of Potential.
Effect is the together with of Mixing.
Model recognizes Theory.
Model is the effective in large of Limit.
Matrix diagonalizes Channel.
Matrix is the non-zero off-diagonal element shows not good eigenstate of Channel.
Matrix is the better eigenstate obtained by diagonalizing of Channel.
Matrix is the lowest eigenvalue adopted for potential of Channel.
Matrix is the amounts to taking account of mixing of Channel.
Matrix is the together with mixing of Channel.
Matrix is the finite effects considered of Channel.
Matrix is the finite effects taken into consideration of Channel.
Matrix is the finite effects estimated of Channel.
Matrix enhances Channel.
Matrix compares Case.
Matrix enhances Case.
Matrix is the from analysis of model of Case.
Matrix is the consistent behavior with model of Case.
Matrix is the implies that long-range force reproduces model well of Case.
Matrix dominates Case.
Matrix is the reproduces potential well of Case.
Matrix is the naive estimation does not show attractive force of Case.
Matrix adopts Case.
Matrix is the consistent with model of Case.
Matrix requires Case.
Matrix discusss Case.
Matrix is the validity discussed based on instanton of Case.
Matrix investigates Case.
Matrix quantizes Case.
Matrix is the constructs quantum state with same quantum number as of Case.
Matrix is the difficult to handle modification caused by mass of meson of Case.
Matrix is the convenient to take form of Case.
Matrix is the valid in region where identified of Case.
Matrix is the stable point in manifold of Case.