Curvature Scalar is the relation of Negative Constant.
Curvature Scalar is the relation of Zero.
Zero is the relation of Positive Constant.
Ads Universe is the transition of Ds Universe.
Solid Lines is the denote of Energy Density.
Dashed Lines is the denote of Pressure.
Dotted Lines is the denote of State Parameter.
Pressure is the relation of Negative.
State Parameter is the relation of Exotic.
Solutions satisfys Constraint.
Constraint is the determines of Integration Function.
Energy-Momentum Tensors obtains Induced.
Energy Density gives Pressure.
Pressure is the relation of Negative.
State Parameter is the relation of Reads.
State Parameter plots Profile.
Energy Density is the same value of of Pressure.
Pressure is the relation of Negative.
State Parameter is the relation of Becomes.
Energy Density is the relation of Zero.
Comoving Time is the zero at of Energy Density.
Energy Density is the relation of Vanishes.
Pressure is the relation of Negative.
State Parameter is the relation of Diverges.
Decelerated Expansion induces Negative Energy Density.
Negative Energy Density induces Negative Pressure.
Quantum Back Reaction induces Negative Energy Density.
Accelerated Late-Time Universe is the behaves like of Positive Energy.
Positive Energy is the behaves like of Negative Pressure.
Phase Changing Transition is the possible by assuming of Ads Universe.
Modified Poisson Brackets applys Semiclassical Equations Of Motion.
Bpp Model is the possible by assuming of Phase Changing Transition.
Bpp Model relates Integration Function.
Vacuum State bes Trivially Constant.
Equation Of State Parameter is the at of Singular.
Nontrivial Poisson Brackets is the not mean of Quantum Commutators.
Fields is the not of Operators.
Modified Poisson Brackets applys Classical Dilaton Gravity.
Classical Dilaton Gravity obtains Solution.
Hamiltonian is the generate of Hamiltonian Equations Of Motion.
Simple Harmonic Oscillator is the like of Mass.
Mass is the and of Spring Constant.
Hamiltonian Equations Of Motion obtains Harmonic Solutions.
Noncommutative Case is the difference between of Euler-Lagrange Equations Of Motion.
Classical Solutions is the rather than of Quantum-Mechanical Ones.
Equation Of State Parameter is the at of Singular.
Phase Transition is the changes its signature at of State Parameter.
Energy Density is the always of Positive Value.
Pressure is the should of Change Its Sign.
Pressure bes Always Negative.
Energy Density is the should of Change Its Sign.
Negative Value gives Singular Behavior.
Quantum-Mechanically Induced Energy Density is the allows of Negative Value.
Nontrivial Poisson Brackets is the similar to of Noncommutativity.
Coordinates derives D-Brane System.
D-Brane System applys Constant External Tensor Field.
Constraint Systems is the may be of Model.
Science Research Center Program supports Korea Science And Engineering Foundation.
Korea Science And Engineering Foundation is the through of Center For Quantum Spacetime.