Mechanical And Electrical Devices is the requirement of Properties Of Ultrasmall Systems.
Conductance Quantization is the demonstrates of Two-Dimensional Electron Gases.
Two-Dimensional Electron Gases is the demonstrates of Quantum Confinement Effects.
Metallic Nanocontacts is the demonstrates of Conductance Quantum.
Conductance Quantum relates Electron Charge.
Conductance Quantum relates Planck'S Constant.
Molecular Dynamics Simulations uses Gold Nanowires.
Gold Nanowires is the demonstrates of Nanoscale Free-Electron Model (Nfem).
Quantized Mode is the contributes to of Conductance Channels.
Conductance Channels is the responsible for of Metal Nanowires.
Scanning-Tunneling Microscope Tip uses Metal Nanowires.
Mechanically-Controllable Break Junction Technique uses Metal Nanowires.
Metal Nanowires affects Surface Effects.
Surface Effects is the leads to of Surface-Tension-Driven Instability.
Surface-Tension-Driven Instability relates Magic Radii.
Magic Radii is the affects of Jahn-Teller Deformation.
Electron Motion confines Hard-Wall Boundary Conditions.
Hard-Wall Boundary Conditions is the neglects of Electron-Electron Interactions.
Electron-Electron Interactions is the influences of Scattering From Disorder.
Scattering From Disorder is the involves of Hartree Approximation.
Spherical Fermi Surface is the influences of Shell Effects.
Shell Effects relates Electron-Shell Effects.
Electron-Shell Effects is the influences of Magic Radii.
Magic Radii is the affects of Jahn-Teller Deformation.
Jahn-Teller Deformation is the impacts of Metal Nanowires.
Metal Nanowires relates Scattering Matrix.
Scattering Matrix is the determines of Transmission And Reflection Amplitudes.
Transmission And Reflection Amplitudes is the affects of Electrical Conductance.
Transmission And Reflection Amplitudes relates Unitary Scattering Matrix.
Unitary Scattering Matrix is the describes of Linear Response.
Linear Response relates Grand Canonical Potential.
Grand Canonical Potential relates Electronic Density Of States (Dos).
Electronic Density Of States (Dos) expresss Wigner Delay.
Nanowire is the involves of Transport.
Nanowire is the involves of Energetic Quantities.
Transverse Energies is the depicts of Transverse Channels.
Transverse Channels compares Fermi Energy.
Transverse Channels is the depicts of Density Plots.
Density Plots is the depicts of Eigenmodes.
Eigenmodes relates Circular Billiard.
Circular Billiard describes Schrdinger Equation.
Schrdinger Equation solves Adiabatic Approximation.
Adiabatic Approximation is the separable from of Transverse Motion.
Transverse Motion preserves Channel Index.
Adiabatic Approximation calculates Transmission Amplitude.
Transmission Amplitude is the part of of S-Matrix.
S-Matrix is the determines of Electrical Conductance.
Electrical Conductance connects Density Of States.
Density Of States derives Grand Canonical Potential.
Grand Canonical Potential uses Tensile Force.
Grand Canonical Potential uses Stability Of The Nanowire.
Nanowire is the applies to of Non-Axisymmetric Wires.
Non-Axisymmetric Wires characterizes Radius Function.
Radius Function decomposes Multipole Expansion.
Multipole Expansion is the depend on of Transverse Eigenenergies.
Transverse Eigenenergies relates Cross-Sectional Shape.
Cross-Sectional Shape is the determines of Boundary Condition.
Boundary Condition is the leads to of Effective One-Dimensional Scattering Problem.
Effective One-Dimensional Scattering Problem solves Wkb Approximation.
Wkb Approximation is the utilizes of Semiclassical Approximations.
Density Of Eigenmodes relates Weyl Expansion.
Weyl Expansion expresss Thermodynamic Quantity.
Thermodynamic Quantity connects Grand-Canonical Potential.
Grand-Canonical Potential relates Energy Density.
Grand-Canonical Potential relates Surface Tension Coefficient.
Grand-Canonical Potential relates Curvature Energy.
Grand-Canonical Potential relates Shell Correction.
Shell Correction describes Nfem.
Nfem relates Macroscopic Free Energy Density.
Nfem relates Macroscopic Surface Energy.
Nfem relates Macroscopic Curvature Energy.
Nfem implements Surface Boundary Condition.
Surface Boundary Condition relates Material Parameters.
Material Parameters describes Fermi Energy.
Material Parameters relates Stability Diagram.
Stability Diagram is the applies to of Cylindrical Wires.
Cylindrical Wires characterizes Radii.
Cylindrical Wires relates Conductance Values.
Cylindrical Wires relates Stability Peaks.
Stability Peaks links Supershell Structure.
Linear Stability relates Metastable Structures.
Metastable Structures is the determines of Activation Barriers.
Activation Barriers is the affects of Nanowire Lifetime.