Bekenstein researchs Black Holes.
Hawking researchs Black Holes.
Hawking shows Entropy.
Hawking shows Event Horizon.
Hawking shows Radiation.
Hawking shows Event Horizon.
Hawking shows Entropy.
Hawking shows Surrounding Universe.
Hawking modifys Second Law Of Thermodynamics.
Hawking introduces Generalized Second Law (Gsl).
Gibbons proposes Cosmological Event Horizon.
Hawking proposes Cosmological Event Horizon.
Jacobson is the equivalent to of Einstein'S Field Equations.
Davies confirms Cosmological Event Horizon.
Debnath analyzes Frw Cosmology.
Temperature Of The Radiation obtains Numerical Value.
Numerical Value compares Temperature Of The Horizon.
Temperature Of The Radiation is the leads to of Second Law.
Second Law is the supports of Validity Of Second Law.
Validity Of Second Law is the agrees with of Davies Et. Al..
Fundamental Constants uses Temperature Of The Horizon.
Temperature Of The Horizon is the less than of Event Horizon.
Matter is the can approach of Event Horizon.
Friedmann Universe analyzes Matter.
Friedmann Universe includes Positive Cosmological Constant.
Friedmann Equation obtains Scale Factor.
Scale Factor is the tends to of De Sitter Phase.
Scale Factor is the corresponds to of Hubble Parameter.
Hubble Parameter is the corresponds to of Scale Factor.
Hubble Parameter is the satisfies of Dominant Energy Condition.
Comoving Distance uses Scale Factor.
Comoving Distance is the affects of Matter Entropy.
Matter Entropy is the decreases of Event Horizon.
Entropy Of The Event Horizon is the entropy of the matter of Calculated As.
Entropy Of Matter uses Calculated As.
Temperature Of Matter is the affects of Entropy Of Matter.
Temperature Of Matter is the compares to of Temperature Of The Horizon.
Temperature Of The Horizon is the supports of Event Horizon.
Friedmann Universe analyzes Radiation.
Friedmann Universe analyzes Cosmological Constant.
Total Entropy Of The Universe is the shows of Increasing.
Total Entropy Of The Universe is the satisfies of Generalized Second Law.
Generalized Second Law is the leads to of Temperature Of Matter.
Temperature Of Matter is the compares to of Temperature Of The Horizon.
Temperature Of The Horizon is the indicates of Radiation Drain.
Friedmann Universe is the component of Radiation.
Friedmann Universe is the component of Cosmological Constant.
Friedmann Universe is the component of Non-Relativistic Matter.
Friedmann Universe is the phenomenon of Event Horizon.
Radiation is the influences of Entropy.
Radiation is the occurs in of Deceleration Phase.
Radiation is the within of Causal Region.
Expansion is the leads to of Accelerating.
Bekenstein J. D. is the collaborates with of Hawking S. W..
Bekenstein J. D. is the collaborates with of Bardeen J. M..
Bekenstein J. D. is the collaborates with of Carter B..
Bekenstein J. D. is the collaborates with of Padmanabhan T..
Bekenstein J. D. is the collaborates with of Jacobson T..
Bekenstein J. D. is the collaborates with of Cai R. G..
Bekenstein J. D. is the collaborates with of Kim S. P..
Hawking S. W. is the collaborates with of Gibbons G. W..
Hawking S. W. is the collaborates with of Davies P. C. W..
Davies P. C. W. is the collaborates with of Lineweaver C. H..
Amanullah R. is the collaborates with of Pollock M. D..
Pollock M. D. is the collaborates with of Singh T. P..
Brustein R. is the collaborates with of Pavan Diego.
Bousso R. is the collaborates with of Wang B..
Wang B. is the collaborates with of Gong Y..
Wang B. is the collaborates with of Abdalla E..
Karami K. is the collaborates with of Abdomaleki A..
Ghosh Rahul is the collaborates with of Pasqua Antonio.
Pasqua Antonio is the collaborates with of Chattopadhyay Surajit.
Mazunder Nairwita is the collaborates with of Chakraborthy Subenoy.
Debnath Ujjal is the collaborates with of Chattopadhyay Surajit.
Debnath Ujjal is the collaborates with of Hussain Ibrar.
Debnath Ujjal is the collaborates with of Jamil Mubasher.
Debnath Ujjal is the collaborates with of Myrzakulov Ratbay.
Del Campo Sergio is the collaborates with of Herrera Ramon.
Frolov A. is the collaborates with of Kofman Lev.
Hawking S. W. is the collaborates with of Ellis G. F. R..
Komatsu E. is the collaborates with of Bennet C. L..