Imaging Atmospheric Cherenkov Technique develops Iact Telescopes.
Fred Lawrence Whipple Observatory develops Imaging Atmospheric Cherenkov Technique.
Crab Nebula is the detection of Gamma Ray.
Pulsars is the detection of Iact Telescopes.
Blazars is the detection of Iact Telescopes.
Pulsar Wind Nebula is the detection of Iact Telescopes.
Supernova Remnants is the detection of Iact Telescopes.
Starburst Galaxies is the detection of Iact Telescopes.
Gamma Ray is the interacts with of Iact Telescopes.
Cosmic Ray is the interacts with of Iact Telescopes.
Iact Telescopes is the measures of Particle Showers.
Particle Showers is the generates of Cherenkov Light.
Cherenkov Light is the measures of Iact Telescopes.
Cherenkov Light appears Two Dimensional Ellipse.
Two Dimensional Ellipse images Iact Telescope Camera.
Two Dimensional Ellipse is the indicates of Gamma Ray.
Two Dimensional Ellipse is the indicates of Cosmic Ray.
Iact Telescopes is the involves of Arrays Of Telescopes.
Arrays Of Telescopes is the allows for of More Accurate Determination Of The Shower Parameters.
Shower is the defines of Light Pool.
Light Pool is the defines of Collection Area.
Collection Area is the compensates for of Vhe Gamma Rays.
Veritas is the detects of Veritas Telescopes.
Veritas Telescopes is the detects of Photons.
Veritas Telescopes is the detects of Astrophysical Sources.
Veritas Telescopes is the detects of Energies Between 100 Gev And 30 Tev.
Veritas Telescopes is the consists of of Identical Alt - Az Mounted Davies - Cotton Reflectors.
Veritas Telescopes haves Mirror Area.
Veritas Telescopes haves Camera.
Camera is the consists of of Pixels.
Pixels is the consists of of Phototubes.
Veritas Telescopes haves Three Level Trigger.
Three Level Trigger haves Pixel Level.
Three Level Trigger haves Pattern Trigger.
Three Level Trigger haves Array Trigger.
Array Trigger is the triggers within of Telescopes.
Telescopes is the triggers within of Time Frame.
Telescope 1 relocates Veritas Array.
Telescope 1 relocates More Ideal Location.
Telescope 1 provides Symmetrical Layout.
Telescope 1 is the allows for of Refurbishment.
Telescope 1 is the part of of Relocation.
Telescope 1 is the improvement of Optical Point Spread Function.
Telescope 1 is the part of of Veritas.
Telescope 1 makes Most Sensitive Vhe Telescope Array.
Telescope 1 is the detects in of 1% Crab Nebula Signal.
Telescope 1 is the detects in less than of 30 Hours.
Telescope 1 dos Summer Months.
Telescope 1 is the begins on of Scheduled Operations.
Telescope 1 is the early of Shutdown.
Telescope 1 is the by of Operational.
Telescope 1 schedules Move.
Telescope 1 is the on of Completed.
Telescope 1 takes Person Hours Of Labor.
Telescope 1 resumes Normal Operations.
Telescope 1 loses Lost 6 Weeks Of Full Four Telescope Operations.
Telescope 1 is the final layout is of Array Layout.
Telescope 1 bes Better Layout For A Vhe Instrument.
Telescope 1 is the part of of Relocation.
Telescope 1 is the part of of Optical Psf Improvement.
Telescope 1 is the improves of Sensitivity Improvement.
Telescope 1 is the allows for of Detection Of More Objects.
Telescope 1 is the effectively doubles of Doubling The Observation Time.
Telescope 1 is the detects of M82.
Telescope 1 is the improves of Deep Observations.
Telescope 1 ongoings Upgrade Program.
Telescope 1 is the installs of Higher Efficiency Photon Detectors.
Telescope 1 is the installs of Topological Trigger.
Telescope 1 is the installs of Active Mirror Alignment System.
Telescope 1 continues Upgrade Program.
Telescope 1 is the improvement of Optical Psf Improvement.
Telescope 1 is the improvement of Relocation.
Telescope 1 is the improvement of Sensitivity Improvement.
Telescope 1 makes Veritas.
Telescope 1 is the detects of More Objects.
Telescope 1 includes Upgrade Plans.
Telescope 1 plans Installation Of Higher Efficiency Photon Detectors.
Telescope 1 plans Installation Of Topological Trigger.
Telescope 1 is the possible of Expansion Of The Array.
Telescope 1 is the possible of Active Mirror Alignment System.
Telescope 1 ongoings Upgrade Program.
Telescope 1 is the part of of Optical Psf Improvement.
Telescope 1 is the part of of Relocation.
Telescope 1 continues Veritas.
Telescope 1 supports Research.
Telescope 1 supports U.S. Department Of Energy.
Telescope 1 supports U.S. National Science Foundation.
Telescope 1 supports Smithsonian Institution.
Telescope 1 supports Nserc In Canada.
Telescope 1 supports Pparc In The Uk.
Telescope 1 supports Science Foundation Ireland.
Telescope 1 is the acknowledges of Flwo Support Staff.
Telescope 1 is the acknowledges of J. Holder.
Telescope 1 is the acknowledges of V. A. Acciari.
Telescope 1 is the acknowledges of E. Aliu.
Telescope 1 is the acknowledges of T. Arlen.
Telescope 1 is the acknowledges of M. Beilicke.
Telescope 1 is the acknowledges of W. Benbow.
Telescope 1 is the acknowledges of S. M. Bradbury.
Telescope 1 is the acknowledges of J. H. Buckley.
Telescope 1 is the acknowledges of V. Bugaev.
Telescope 1 is the acknowledges of Y. Butt.