Heisenberg Model is the focuses on of Spin Transport.
Heisenberg Model is the implies of Integrability.
Integrability is the implies of Quantum Integrable Models.
Quantum Integrable Models is the highlights of Conservation Laws.
Quantum Integrable Models is the highlights of Energy Current Operator.
Heisenberg Model is the concerns of Magnetic Field.
Spinless Fermions is the interacts with of Nearest Neighbor Interaction.
Hamiltonian Matrix is the utilizes of Lattices.
Diffusion Constant is the affects of Spin Dynamics.
Spin Density Correlations is the compares to of Spin Current Correlations.
Anisotropy Parameter is the influences of Dynamic Correlations.
Dynamic Correlations is the defines of Frequency Dependent Correlation Function.
Conserved Quantity is the relates to of Magnetization.
Diffusion Hypothesis is the contrasts with of Diffusive Behavior.
Energy Autocorrelation Function is the compares to of Spin Autocorrelations.
Energy Transport is the involves of Finite Size Lattices.
Finite Size Lattices is the considers of Excitation Spectrum.
Plateaus is the matches with of Diffusion Form.
Spin Density Dynamic Correlations is the analyzes of Low Frequency Behavior.
Low Frequency Behavior is the links to of Bound States.
Thermodynamics is the applies of Bethe Ansatz Method.
Symmetry is the relates to of Metal-Insulator Transition.
Charge Stiffness is the affects of Localization Length.
Experimental Studies is the focuses on of Quasi-One Dimensional Materials.
Diffusion Constant Value is the determines of Nmr Experiments.
Magnetic Energy Fluctuations is the relates to of Phonons.
One Dimensionality is the impacts of Phonons.
P. Prelovek supports Swiss National Science Foundation Grant No . 20 - 49486.96.
P. Prelovek supports University Of Fribourg.
P. Prelovek supports University Of Neuchtel.
P. Prelovek is the author of 99 Bhm M.
P. Prelovek is the author of Leschke H.
P. Prelovek is the author of Zotos X.
P. Prelovek is the author of Castella H.
P. Prelovek is the author of Mazur P.
P. Prelovek is the author of Kadanoff L P.
P. Prelovek is the author of Martin P C.
P. Prelovek is the author of Niemeijer T.
P. Prelovek is the author of Takahashi M.
P. Prelovek is the author of Suzuki M.
P. Prelovek is the author of Shastry B S.
P. Prelovek is the author of Sutherland B.
P. Prelovek is the author of Takigawa M.
P. Prelovek is the author of Motoyama N.
P. Prelovek is the author of Eisaki H.
P. Prelovek is the author of Uchida S.
P. Prelovek is the author of Kuroe H.
P. Prelovek is the author of Halley J W.