Cognitive Radio Concept is the plays role of Increasing Efficiency.
Cognitive Radio Concept is the plays role of Aggregate Network Throughput.
Cognitive Radio Concept is the differs from of Conventional Spectrum Allocation Methods.
Unlicensed Secondary Users is the access radio bandwidth owned by of Licensed Primary Users.
White Space Approach bases Time/Frequency Slots.
White Space Approach bases Zero Interference Rationale.
White Space Approach is the leads to of Errors In Measurement.
White Space Approach is the probability of having of Collision.
Works investigates Coexistence Of Primary/Secondary Signals.
Works is the focus on of Physical Layer Methods.
Ieee 802.11 Based Networks follows Dcf Protocol.
Transmission Strategy is the picks or remains idle after transmission of Backoff Counter.
Secondary User is the decision making process involves of Primary User.
Previous Work formulates Linear Program.
Secondary Transmitter haves Probabilistic Model.
Secondary User develops Online Learning Approach.
Secondary User is the uses for convergence of Feedback Bit.
Secondary User is the approximately converges to of Optimal Secondary Control Policy.
Interference Mitigation Scenario is the can decode with probability of Decoding Packets.
Secondary User constrains Fixed Maximum Degradation.
Secondary User is the other end of of White Space Approach.
Secondary User incurs Transmitting In Empty Slots.
Network is the consists of of Primary Source.
Network is the consists of of Secondary Source.
Primary Source haves Destination.
Secondary Source haves Destination.
Network is the assumes of Quasi Static Channel.
Time is the divides into of Divided Into Slots.
Users is the undergo before packet transmission of Dif Period.
Users is the decrements while detecting channel status of Backoff Counter.
Users is the halts decrementing process of Busy Channel.
Users is the resumes decrementing process of Idle Channel.
Users is the sends out when counter reaches zero of Packet Transmission.
Packets haves Fixed Size.
Packet Transmission is the fits into of Constant Duration.
Packet Transmission bes Variable Time.
Channel Coefficients haves Probability Distribution.
Decoding Failure Probability associates Primary Destination.
Decoding Failure Probability associates Secondary Destination.
Control Protocols is the impacts of Greatly Impacted By Secondary User'S Transmission.
System Design is the goal is to of Optimizes Secondary User'S Performance.
Feedback is the adjusts secondary user 's transmission policy of Received From Primary User.
Packet Arrival designs Poisson Arrival Process.
Network is the can be modeled as of Modeled As Markov Process.
Parameters haves Derived From Steady State Distribution.
Optimal Strategy obtains Vector.
Solution is the needs of Requires Brute Force Search.
Solution requires Requires Full Knowledge.
Solution is the addresses of Addressed Limitation.
Primary User is the can not instantaneously detect of Sensing Channel.
Primary User dos State.
Secondary User is the depends on of Regulates Transmission Strategy.
Q-Learning is the uses of Adaptive Learning Algorithm.
Secondary User is the drives of Cost Function.
Probabilistic Model requires Adaptive Learning Algorithm.
Adaptive Learning Algorithm is the learns of Q Factors.
Secondary User is the variant of of Markov Decision Process.
Secondary User is the maximizes of Throughput.
Backoff Window Size is the defines of Secondary User.
Failure Probabilities knows Secondary User.
Action takes Secondary User.
State is the knowledge of of Secondary User.
Reward associates Action.
Time Step is the initializes of Q-Learning.
Constraint is the checks of Time Step.
Buffer Size bes Buffer Size.
Retransmission Time bes Retransmission Time.
Packet Arrival Rate is the increases of Arrival Rate.