Qcd relates Quark-Gluon Plasma.
Quark-Gluon Plasma studys Heavy-Ion Collisions.
Matrix Approach uses Bound States.
Matrix Approach uses Scattering States.
Matrix Approach studys Hadronic Matter.
Matrix Approach uses Equation Of State (Eos).
Statistical Mechanics formulates Matrix Approach.
Quark-Gluon Plasma identifys Gluons.
Quark-Gluon Plasma identifys Quarks.
Quark-Gluon Plasma is the common assumption in of Quasiparticle Approaches.
Quark-Gluon Plasma relates Gauge Groups.
Gauge Groups is the specific attention to of Su(2).
Gauge Groups is the specific attention to of G(6).
Su(2) is the exhibits first-order phase transition of Phase Transition.
G(6) is the exhibits first-order phase transition of Phase Transition.
Phase Transition relates Quark-Gluon Plasma.
Quark-Gluon Plasma is the description dedicated to of Singlet.
Singlet is the most favorable channel for bound states of Bound States.
Singlet gives Glueballs.
Singlet gives Mesons.
Quark-Gluon Plasma computes Pressure.
Quark-Gluon Plasma computes Entropy Density.
Entropy Density relates Pressure.
Entropy Density normalizes Stefan-Boltzmann Pressure.
Off-Shell Matrix uses Lippmann-Schwinger Equation.
Lippmann-Schwinger Equation solves Off-Shell Matrix.
Off-Shell Matrix uses Bound States.
Off-Shell Matrix uses Eos.
Off-Shell Matrix associates Quasigluons.
Interaction Potential chooses Pairwise Structure.
Pairwise Structure relates Quadratic Casimir.
Pairwise Structure is the leads to of Static Potential.
Static Potential follows Quadratic Casimir.
Quadratic Casimir relates Quark-Gluon Plasma.
Born Approximation applys Pairwise Structure.
Pairwise Structure simplifys Scattering Term.
Pairwise Structure associates Quasigluons.
Quasigluons is the propagating in of Quark-Gluon Plasma.
Pot0 is the reads of Xmath97.
Pot0 is the two-gluon bound state of Xmath98.
Pot0 associates Xmath99.
Pot0 drops Xmath100.
Pot0 is the reads of Xmath101.
Pot0 computes Xmath102.
Pot0 associates Xmath103.
Omega2 is the rewritten in terms of weighted thermal average of Xmath16.
Omega2 computes Xmath0-Matrix.
Omega2 is the focus of computation of Xmath147.
Oms is the trace in momentum space of Xmath148.
Oms is the partial wave expansion definition of Xmath150.