Ultra-Cold Atomic Gases is the realization of Mathematical Models.
Ultra-Cold Atomic Gases uses Physics.
Ultra-Cold Atomic Gases is the offers possibilities for of Experimental Control.
Condensed Matter Phenomena is the experimentally investigated of Superfluid-Mott Insulator Transition.
Condensed Matter Phenomena is the experimentally investigated of Bose-Glass Phase.
Condensed Matter Phenomena is the experimentally investigated of Anderson Localization Effects.
Fermionic Gases receives Fermi Superfluids.
Fermionic Gases observes Transition.
Transition transitions Bardeen-Cooper-Schrieffer Pairs.
Transition transitions Bose-Einstein Condensate.
Small Object investigates Quantum Gases.
Impurity Atom describes Perturbation Theory.
Impurity Atom is the analogous to of Small Polaron Problem.
Electron localizes Lattice Distortions.
Polaron Effects studys Spin-Up Fermions.
Polaron Effects studys Spin-Down Fermi Particles.
Polaron Effects realizes Spin-Down Fermi Particles.
Feshbach Resonance is the allows tuning of Interaction Strength.
Interaction Strength is the able to investigate of Experimentalists.
Experimentalists investigates Transition.
Transition is the form tightly bound molecules of Unlike Fermions.
Publication considers Homogeneous Mixture.
Homogeneous Mixture immerses Spin-Up Fermions.
Homogeneous Mixture immerses Spin-Down Fermi Particles.
Homogeneous Mixture is the analyze of Self-Localization Phenomenon.
Homogeneous Mixture is the effects of of Phase Separation.
Phase Separation is the corresponds to of Instability.
Phase Separation is the unstable as soon as of Uniform Density Solution.
Uniform Density Solution takes Self-Localization.
Solitonic Behavior investigates Fermions.
Solitonic Behavior investigates Fermions.
Fermions investigates Normal State.
Fermions investigates Superfluid State.
Fermions relates Vector Soliton Solution.
Thermal Equilibrium State considers Bose Particles.
Thermal Equilibrium State considers Fermions.
Thermal Equilibrium State assumes Separable.
Thermal Equilibrium State is the describe of Bcs Mean-Field Approximation.
Thermal Equilibrium State affects Paring Field.
Paring Field affects Hartree-Fock Potential.
Paring Field affects Density Of Bosons.
Density Of Bosons reduces Bogoliubov-De Gennes Equations.
Bogoliubov-De Gennes Equations is the contribute to of Angular Momentum Quantum Numbers.
Bogoliubov-De Gennes Equations is the corresponds to of Radial Degree Of Freedom.
Bogoliubov-De Gennes Equations is the not destroyed even when of Superfluidity.
Bogoliubov-De Gennes Equations is the influences of Impurity Object.
Bogoliubov-De Gennes Equations affects Pairing Function.
Radial Degree Of Freedom is the not affected by of Superfluidity.
Radial Degree Of Freedom is the not affected by of Boundary Conditions.
Self-Localization Phenomenon investigates Bogoliubov Quasi-Particle Modes.
Density Of Fermions is the sum of of Bogoliubov Quasi-Particle Modes.
Bogoliubov Quasi-Particle Modes is the contribute to of Angular Momentum Quantum Numbers.
Bogoliubov Quasi-Particle Modes is the prepare of Potential Well.
Bogoliubov Quasi-Particle Modes is the primarily responsible for of Potential Well.
Bogoliubov Quasi-Particle Modes is the in which bosons localize of Potential Well.
Bogoliubov Quasi-Particle Modes affects Modes.
Modes is the contribute mainly to of Fermi Level.
Modes is the change of shape of of Pairing Field.
Impurity Object is the influences of Pairing Function.
Sodium Atoms replaces Lithium Atoms.
Sodium Atoms turns Lithium Atoms.
Sodium Atoms is the different from of Critical Value.
Sodium Atoms leads Critical Value.
Sodium Atoms is the corresponds to of Instability.
Self-Localization is the increase of Cloud.
Cloud is the compose of Light Lithium Particles.
Cloud is the compose of Sodium Atoms.
Temperature is the affect of Superfluidity.
Temperature is the affect of Self-Localization.
Fermion is the affect of Superfluidity.
Temperature is the affect of Superfluidity.
Boson is the affect of Self-Localization.
Boson is the localize of Fermi Sub-System.
Boson is the localize of Fermi Sub-System.
Repulsive Boson-Fermion Interaction is the observe of Self-Localization.
Attractive Boson-Fermion Interaction is the not observe of Self-Localization.
Attractive Boson-Fermion Interaction is the not result of Metastable State.
Metastable State is the not result of Self-Localization.
Metastable State is the result of Kinetic Energy.
Metastable State is the result of Boundary Conditions.
Impurity Atom is the localize of Self-Localization.
Feshbach Resonance is the achieve of Self-Localization.
Feshbach Resonance is the prepare of Cloud.
Feshbach Resonance is the prepare of Cloud.
Feshbach Resonance is the prepare of Cloud.