G-Ratio is the quantitative measure of Myelin Thickness.
G-Ratio is the contribution to neuronal conduction velocity of Axon Diameter.
Axon Diameter is the contribution to neuronal conduction velocity of Neuronal Conduction Velocity.
Spatial Constraints is the constraint of Nervous System.
Spatial Constraints is the constraint of Cellular Energetics.
Spatial Constraints is the constraint of Central Nervous System.
Spatial Constraints is the constraint of Peripheral Nerve.
Gender is the influence of Development.
Gender is the influence of Testosterone Differences.
Development is the process of Aging.
Development is the process of Disease Progression.
Development is the process of Treatment.
Disease Progression is the occurrence of Multiple Sclerosis.
Multiple Sclerosis is the effect of G-Ratio Changes.
Multiple Sclerosis is the effect of Axon Loss.
G-Ratio Changes is the effect of Remyelination.
Gender is the influence of Clinical Ramifications.
Clinical Ramifications is the effect of Disconnection Syndromes.
Disconnection Syndromes is the effect of Schizophrenia.
Spatial Variation is the occurrence of Healthy Tissue.
Primary Pathology is the effect of G-Ratio.
Primary Pathology is the effect of Axonal Changes.
Axonal Changes is the effect of Axonal Swelling.
Primary Pathology is the effect of Demyelinating Disease.
Demyelinating Disease is the interest of Imaging.
Demyelinating Disease is the interest of Treatment.
Imaging is the interest of G-Ratio.
Imaging is the interest of Mri Markers.
Mri Markers is the measurement of Myelin Volume Fraction.
Mri Markers is the measurement of Axon Volume Fraction.
Mri Markers is the measurement of Fiber Density.
Mri Markers is the calculation of Fiber Volume Fraction.
Mri Markers is the interest of In Vivo Histology.
In Vivo Histology is the focus of White Matter.
In Vivo Histology is the focus of Microstructural Detail.
In Vivo Histology is the focus of Voxel.
Electron Microscopy is the observation of Axon Diameter.
Electron Microscopy is the observation of Myelin Thickness.
Myelin Mapping Technique is the measurement of Myelin Volume Fraction.
Diffusion Mri is the estimation of Axon Volume Fraction.
Diffusion Mri is the estimation of Neuronal Conduction Velocity.
Diffusion Mri is the estimation of Fiber Density.
Diffusion Mri is the estimation of Fiber Volume Fraction.
Diffusion Mri is the sensitivity of Myelin.
Diffusion Mri is the sensitivity of Myelin Volume Fraction.
Diffusion Mri is the sensitivity of Diffusion Contrast.
Diffusion Mri is the sensitivity of Gre Images.
Diffusion Mri is the sensitivity of Frequency Shifts.
Diffusion Mri is the limitation of Diffusion Visible Volume.
Diffusion Mri is the limitation of Grey Matter.
Diffusion Mri is the limitation of Fiber Density.
Diffusion Mri is the limitation of Diffusion Tensor.
Diffusion Mri is the limitation of Neurite Density.
Diffusion Mri is the limitation of Fiber Bundles.
Diffusion Mri is the limitation of Microstructural Situation.
Full-Brain G-Ratio Demonstration is the application of Neurite Orientation Density And Dispersion Imaging.
Full-Brain G-Ratio Demonstration is the application of Composite Hindered And Restricted Model Of Diffusion.
Full-Brain G-Ratio Demonstration is the application of Diffusion Basis Spectrum Imaging.
Full-Brain G-Ratio Demonstration is the application of Restriction Spectrum Imaging.
Full-Brain G-Ratio Demonstration is the application of White Matter Tract Integrity.
Full-Brain G-Ratio Demonstration is the application of Temporal Diffusion Spectroscopy.
Full-Brain G-Ratio Demonstration is the application of Double Pulsed Field Gradient Mri.
Full-Brain G-Ratio Demonstration is the application of Spherical Mean Technique.
Full-Brain G-Ratio Demonstration is the application of Distribution Of Anisotropic Microstructural Environments In Diffusion-Compartment Imaging.
Tensor is the proportional to of Total Fiber Volume Fraction.
Total Fiber Volume Fraction relates Diffusion Mri Voxels In Parenchyma.
Callosal Fibers is the model used in of Spherical Mean Technique.
Myelin is the source of signal of Protons.
Protons is the present in of Phospholipid Bilayers.
Diffusion Signal is the sensitive to of Fiber Volume Fraction.
Diffusion Signal is the sensitive to of G-Ratio.
Diffusion Signal is the potential technique for estimation of Deep Learning.
Siemens 3 T Trio Mri Scanner uses 32 Channel Head Coil.
Diffusion Imaging uses Noddi Diffusion Protocol.
Magnetization Transfer Images uses Mtr.
Magnetization Transfer Images uses Macromolecular Pool Size.
Magnetization Transfer Images uses Single-Point Two-Pool Modeling.
Magnetization Transfer Images uses Inhomogeneous Mt.
Quantitative Multicomponent T@Xmath4 Relaxation uses Myelin Water Fraction.
Quantitative Multicomponent T@Xmath4 Relaxation uses T@Xmath8 Relaxation.
Proton Density uses Macromolecular Tissue Volume.
G-Ratio is the sensitive to of Diffusion Signal.
G-Ratio is the potential technique for estimation of Deep Learning.
Dsim uses Q-Space.
Mt@Xmath16 is the correlates with of F.
Mt@Xmath16 uses Myelin.
Mt@Xmath16 uses Ms Patient.
Mt@Xmath16 uses Adults.
F uses Myelin.
F uses Ms Patient.
F uses Adults.
Mtr uses Myelin.
Mtr uses Ms Patient.
Mtr uses Adults.
Ms Patient haves Nawm.
Ms Patient haves Lesions.
Ms Patient computes G-Ratio.
Nawm haves G-Ratio.
Lesions haves G-Ratio.
Healthy White Matter computes G-Ratio.
Myelin is the dependent on of Fiber Density.
Myelin is the correlates with of Disability Metrics.
Myelin relates Myelin Content.
Diffusion Parameters relates Fiber Density.
Diffusion Parameters relates Axon Attributes.
Susceptibility-Induced Distortion is the causes distortion of Diffusion Images.
Diffusion Images affects Susceptibility-Induced Distortion.
White Matter-Csf Boundary is the location of distortion of Susceptibility-Induced Distortion In Diffusion Weighted Images.
Macaque Corpus Callosum measures G-Ratio.
Fiber Bundles is the contains g-ratio distributions of G-Ratio.
Axon Area weights G-Ratio.
Patchy Demyelination is the affects diffusivity of Diffusion Parameters.
Patchy Demyelination is the not sensitive to of Axonal Attributes.
Thin Myelin is the leads to of Remyelination.
Francesco Grussu is the collaborator of Claudia A. M. Wheeler-Kingshott.
Torben Schneider is the collaborator of Claudia A. M. Wheeler-Kingshott.
Hui Zhang is the collaborator of Claudia A. M. Wheeler-Kingshott.
Daniel C. Alexander is the collaborator of Claudia A. M. Wheeler-Kingshott.
Kevin D. Harkins is the collaborator of Mark D. Does.
Adrienne N. Dula is the collaborator of Mark D. Does.
Junzhong Xu is the collaborator of Mark D. Does.
Ke Li is the collaborator of Mark D. Does.
William M. Valentine is the collaborator of Mark D. Does.
Daniel F. Gochberg is the collaborator of Mark D. Does.
John C. Gore is the collaborator of Mark D. Does.
Helms is the collaborator of Dechent.
Dathe is the collaborator of Dechent.
Kallenberg is the collaborator of Dechent.
Gunther Helms is the collaborator of Peter Dechent.
Henning Dathe is the collaborator of Peter Dechent.
Kai Kallenberg is the collaborator of Peter Dechent.
C Hildebrand is the collaborator of R Hahn.
Masaaki Hori is the collaborator of Shigeki Aoki.
Song Chen collaborates Hui Liu.
Song Chen collaborates Yiping P. Du.
Song Chen collaborates Jianhui Zhong.
Junzhong Xu collaborates Hua Li.
Junzhong Xu collaborates Kevin D. Harkins.
Junzhong Xu collaborates Xiaoyu Jiang.
Junzhong Xu collaborates Jingping Xie.
Junzhong Xu collaborates Hakmook Kang.
Junzhong Xu collaborates Mark D. Does.
Junzhong Xu collaborates John C. Gore.
V. L. Yarnykh collaborates Khodanovich.
V. L. Yarnykh collaborates Vasily L. Yarnykh.
Aldo Zaimi collaborates Tanguy Duval.
Aldo Zaimi collaborates Alicja Gasecka.
Aldo Zaimi collaborates Daniel Ct.
Aldo Zaimi collaborates Nikola Stikov.
Aldo Zaimi collaborates Julien Cohen-Adad.
Hui Zhang collaborates Penny L. Hubbard.
Hui Zhang collaborates Geoff J. M. Parker.
Hui Zhang collaborates Daniel C. Alexander.
Hui Zhang collaborates Torben Schneider.
Hui Zhang collaborates Claudia A. Wheeler-Kingshott.