Pilot Systems is the plays role in of Negative Discharge Development Process.
Metre-Scale Spark Pilots is the appear as of Bipolar Formations.
Metre-Scale Spark Pilots is the grow from of Space Stem.
Metre-Scale Spark Pilots is the grow towards of High-Voltage Electrode.
Pilots is the transform into of Space Leaders.
Space Leaders is the appear in front of of Lightning Leader Channel.
Space Leaders is the attach to of Lightning Leader Channel.
Laboratory Sparks is the share common feature with of Lightning Leaders.
Lightning Leaders is the exhibit of Stepped Propagation.
Lightning Leaders associates X-Ray Radiation.
Lightning Leaders is the may be responsible for of Terrestrial Gamma-Ray Flashes (Tgfs).
Les Renardires Group studys Negative Discharges.
Les Renardires Group uses Various Electrodes.
Les Renardires Group uses Gap Distances.
Les Renardires Group uses Voltage Rise Times.
Negative Discharges involves Negative Leader.
Negative Discharges involves Space Stem.
Negative Discharges involves Pilot System.
Negative Discharges involves Space Leader.
Gallimberti presents Theoretical Efforts.
Vernon Cooray formulates Pilot System.
Vernon Cooray describes Bright Spot.
Vernon Cooray is the develop from of Streamers.
Vernon Cooray is the develop in of Opposite Directions.
Vernon Cooray is the precede of Negative Streamer Heads.
Vernon Cooray is the contain of Bright Spots.
Vernon Cooray is the demonstrate of High Spatial And Temporal Resolution.
Vernon Cooray is the propose model for of Collective Ionization Front Evolution.
Vernon Cooray is the describe of Glowing Beads.
Vernon Cooray is the capture details of of Ionization Front Collisions.
Vernon Cooray is the discuss similarity with of High-Altitude Sprites.
Eindhoven University Of Technology uses Haefely Marx Generator.
Haefely Marx Generator uses Metre-Long Sparks.
Haefely Marx Generator is the set at of Voltage.
Haefely Marx Generator connects Generator.
Haefely Marx Generator connects Spark Gap.
Spark Gap is the consist of of Conical Electrodes.
Eindhoven University Of Technology is the describe of Measuring Equipment.
Measuring Equipment precedes Charge Coupled Image Sensor.
Measuring Equipment precedes Image Intensifier.
Image Intensifier is the contains of Micro-Channel Plate.
Image Intensifier is the contains of Fast Switched Image Intensifier (Iccd).
Measuring Equipment is the consist of of Lenses.
Lenses uses Nikon 35 Mm F2.8 Fixed Focus.
Lenses uses Sigma 70-300 Mm F/4-5.6 Zoom.
Measuring Equipment records Electric Signals.
Measuring Equipment uses Scintillation X-Ray Detectors.
Scintillation X-Ray Detectors is the register of X-Ray Signals.
Negative Discharges photographs X-Ray Source Region.
X-Ray Source Region involves Bremsstrahlung Process.
Bremsstrahlung Process is the generate of High Energy Electrons.
High Energy Electrons is the act on of Electric Field.
Electric Field is the affect of Electron Density.
Electric Field is the accelerate of Electron Acceleration.
X-Ray Bursts is the subject of of Statistical Analysis.
Recent Simulation is the question of Electron Accumulation.
X-Ray Bursts is the coincide with of Pilots.
Pilots is the require investigation of Precise Role.
Vernon Cooray is the report of Pilot Development.
Pilot Development is the discuss of Additional Features.
Pilot Development is the initiate of Negative Streamers.
Pilot Development is the grow into of Streamer Beads.
Pilot Development is the transform into of Bipolar Structure.
Pilot Development is the attribute to of Cathode Current Oscillations.
Pilot Development is the provide of Summary.
Pilot Development is the hinder of Space-Time Convolution.
Pilot Development is the compare with of Longer Spark Gaps.
Pilot Development becomes Hot Space Leader.
Pilot Development is the emanate from of Positive Corona.
Pilot Development is the start at of Positive Streamers.
Streamer is the artifact of Camera Artifact.
Streamer is the connection of Pilot Reconnection.
Streamer is the process of Streamer Discharge.
Streamer is the study of Macroscopic Physics.
Streamer models Spherical Symmetry.
Streamer models Quasi-Electrostatic Approximation.
Electron Mobility is the property of Streamer.
Ion Conductivity is the property of Streamer.
Electron Advection Effects is the property of Streamer.
Electron Diffusion is the property of Streamer.
Photoionization is the process of Streamer.
Ionization Front is the feature of Streamer.
Reverse Ionization Wave is the phenomenon of Streamer.
Streamer Head is the feature of Streamer.
Beads is the feature of Streamer.
Current Pulses is the phenomenon of Streamer.
Streamer Collision is the event of Streamer.
Streamer Channel is the structure of Streamer.
Streamers is the may be of Peaks.
Streamers is the comprise of Monotonous Streamer Channels.
Peaks is the of of Heads.
Peaks is the of of Separate Monotonous Streamer Channels.
Beads is the in of Periodic Structures.
Ionization Waves attributes Attachment Instability.
Attachment Instability is the by of Linear-Wave Analysis.
Mechanisms includes Slightly Different.
Mechanisms is the in of Electron Advection.
Mechanisms is the in of Effective Curvature.
Pilots is the high-altitude discharges known as of Resemble.
Pilots is the as of Peculiar Features.
Pilots is the characterise of Glowing Beads.
Pilots is the on of Streamer Branching.
Pilots originates Counter-Propagating Streamers.
Pilots is the of of Difference In Brightness.
Pilots is the characterise of Reconnection.
Sprites is the of of Known Types.
Sprites compares Carrot.
Sprites compares Column.
Pilots is the directly of Compared To.
Pilots shows Section [ Sec : Positive_Part ].
Pilots is the last of Concern.
Pilots is the of of Scientific Community.
Pilots regards Polarity.
Pilots is the recently been of Eliminated.
Pilots is the since of Known.
Pilots associates Sprites.
Pilots is the can also be of Triggered By.
Pilots is the to be skeptical in accepting of Continued.
Evidences is the of of Published In 2016.
Considerations is the with of Put Forward.
Pilots is the not yet of Explain.
Pilots is the previous of Studies.
Pilots is the important to of Highlight.
Modeling is the for the first time of Demonstrated.
Beads is the in the wake of of Created In.
Beads is the can be of Called.
Beads dos Appear.
Modeling demonstrates Differences.
Electron Drift bes Neglected.
Investigation bes Highly Desirable.
Parameters is the in all measurements of Remain Hidden.
Probes is the specially would solve of Designed.
Work bes Supported By.
Work is the pavlo kochkin of Acknowledges.