Astrophysics is the key quest of Galaxies.
Technology is the advancement of Telescopes.
Telescopes is the survey technique of Surveys.
Technology is the advancement of Gravitational Lensing.
Surveys is the survey technique of Galaxies.
Spectroscopy is the spectroscopy technique of Galaxies.
Star Formation Rate is the peak rate of Universe.
Universe is the stellar mass in galaxies of Galaxies.
Galaxy Size is the size evolution of Mergers.
Mergers is the galaxy growth of Galaxies.
Stellar Mass is the mass growth of Galaxies.
Stellar Populations is the population study of Galaxies.
Red-Sequence Galaxy Population is the population evolution of Galaxies.
Star Formation History is the history study of Galaxies.
Dynamical Models is the model creation of Galaxies.
Spectral Data is the data source of Deep2 Survey.
Galaxy Sample is the sample selection of Galaxies.
Photometry is the photometry measurement of Galaxies.
Stellar Kinematics is the kinematics study of Galaxies.
Stellar Mass-To-Light Ratio is the mass-to-light ratio of Galaxies.
Single Stellar Population is the population classification of Galaxies.
Galaxies is the observations of Canada-France-Hawaii Telescope.
Canada-France-Hawaii Telescope is the utilizes of Cfh12K Camera.
Galaxies is the contains of Gaussian Radius.
Gaussian Radius is the proxy for of Size.
Galaxies is the compares against of Colour.
Galaxies is the compares against of Absolute Observed Band Magnitude.
Galaxies is the compares against of Deep2 Survey.
Galaxies is the explains difference of S/N Cut-Off.
Galaxies is the affects quality of Surface Brightness.
Galaxies represents Secondary Sample.
Secondary Sample represents Colour.
Secondary Sample represents Star Formation.
Secondary Sample represents Age Bins.
Galaxies is the uses of Stellar Spectral Library.
Stellar Spectral Library is the consists of of Empirical Stellar Spectra.
Galaxies is the uses of Ppxf Method.
Ppxf Method is the fits for of Velocity.
Ppxf Method is the fits for of Velocity Dispersion.
Ppxf Method is the masks of Gas Emission Features.
Ppxf Method is the analyzes of Residuals.
Galaxies is the uses of Stellar Population Models.
Stellar Population Models spaces Age Bins.
Stellar Population Models is the restricts to of Metallicities.
Galaxies is the extracts of Stellar Velocity Dispersion.
Galaxies is the derives of Stellar Mass.
Stellar Mass is the calculates of Luminosity.
Luminosity is the uses of Mge Parametrization.
Galaxy Disk is the describes of Gaussian Luminosities Equation.
Galaxy Disk computes Projected Half-Light Radii.
Galaxy Disk is the contains half of the light of Isophote.
Galaxy Disk constructs Dynamical Models.
Galaxy Disk is the utilizes of Jam.
Galaxy Disk is the assumes of Axisymmetry.
Galaxy Disk is the considers of Orbital Anisotropy.
Galaxy Disk is the accounts for of Seeing And Aperture Effects.
Galaxy Disk requires Velocity Anisotropy.
Galaxy Disk is the derives from of Stellar Velocity Dispersion.
Galaxy Disk is the incorporates of Dark Matter.
Galaxy Disk is the determines of Stellar Mass.
Galaxy Disk is the derives from of Halo Mass.
Galaxy Disk is the assumes of Nfw Profile.
Galaxy Disk is the constrains of Concentration Of The Halo.
Galaxy Disk is the calculates of Nfw Density Profile.
Galaxy Disk is the uses of Root Finding Algorithm.
Galaxy Disk is the considers of Age-Metallicity Degeneracy.
Galaxy Disk is the relies on of Stellar Population Models.
Galaxy Disk is the determines of Imf Normalization.
Galaxy Disk is the compares to of Salpeter Imf.
Galaxy Disk represents Red Sequence.
Galaxy Disk is the excludes of Blue Cloud.
Galaxy Disk is the analyzes of Star Formation Rate.
Galaxies is the demonstrates of Stellar Populations.
Galaxies is the demonstrates of Central Regions.
Galaxies is the uses of Dynamical Models.
Dynamical Models is the accounts for of Dark Matter.
Dynamical Models is the uses of Abundance Matching Techniques.
Dynamical Models is the measures of Dark Matter Fraction.
Dark Matter Fraction is the within a sphere of radius of Most Massive Galaxies.
Most Massive Galaxies is the dependent on of Stellar-Halo Mass Relation.
Most Massive Galaxies is the consistent with of Imf Normalisation.
M.C. is the acknowledges support from of Royal Society University Research Fellowship.
E.J. is the collaborates with of Kristian J.A..
E.J. is the collaborates with of Lynds R..
E.J. is the collaborates with of Oneil Jr..
E.J. is the collaborates with of Balsano R..
E.J. is the collaborates with of Rhodes J..
E.J. is the publishes in of Wfpc-1 Idt.
Wfpc-1 Idt publishs Bulletin Of The American Astronomical Society.
Bulletin Of The American Astronomical Society is the contains of American Astronomical Society Meeting Abstracts.