Spatial Indexes is the issue of Multi Dimensional Data Sets.
Spatial Indexes is the issue of Relational Databases.
Spatial Indexes is the issue of Db Servers.
Db Servers deals Spherical Coordinates.
Spherical Coordinates is the coordinate of Latitude.
Spherical Coordinates is the coordinate of Longitude.
Spherical Coordinates is the coordinate of Ra.
Spherical Coordinates is the coordinate of Dec.
Mcs Library Project implements Dif Package.
Mcs Library Project implements Sky Pixelisation.
Dif Package is the pixelisation tool of Htm Schema.
Dif Package is the pixelisation tool of Healpix Schema.
Dif Package supports Mysql Db Server.
Mysql Db Server is the facilities of Triggers.
Mysql Db Server is the facilities of Views.
Mysql Db Server is the facilities of Plugins.
Sql Query is the execution of Astronomical Queries.
Sql Query is the execution of Standard Sql.
Astronomical Queries is the field of Astronomy.
B-Tree Index is the creation of Pixel Scheme.
Pixel Scheme is the transformation of Astronomical Data.
Astronomical Data is the efficiency gain of B-Tree Index.
Htm Schema is the structure of Triangular Pixels.
Triangular Pixels is the efficient selection of Indexing Algorithm.
Healpix Schema is the structure of Equal-Area Pseudo-Square Pixels.
Equal-Area Pseudo-Square Pixels is the analysis of Spatial Structures.
Healpix Schema indexs 64 Bit Long Integer.
Transient Sources is the example of Grbs.
Ir/Optical Robotic Telescope Rem is the usage of Htm Indexed Catalogues.
Virtual Observatory Project is the benefit of Indexing Scheme.
Virtual Observatory Project is the benefit of Archive Management.
Htm Schema is the parameter of Max Resolution.
Healpix Schema is the parameter of Max Resolution.
Idl User Contributed Library is the purpose of Demo Programs.
Neutron Stars And Pulsars is the publication of Mpe-Report.
Neutron Stars And Pulsars is the publication of Astro-Ph.
Grski K. M. is the publication of Kunszt P. Z..
Kunszt P. Z. is the publication of Szalay A. S..
Kunszt P. Z. is the publication of Thakar A. R..
Mpa/Eso/Mpe Workshop is the publication of A. J. Banday.
Mpa/Eso/Mpe Workshop is the publication of S. Zaroubi.
Mpa/Eso/Mpe Workshop is the publication of M. Bartelmann.