Samaniego is the affiliation of Florida State.
Samaniego is the friend of Myles.
Samaniego is the affiliation of Statistics Department.
Hollander is the affiliation of Carnegie Mellon.
Hollander is the major of Engineering.
Hollander is the interested in of Math.
Hollander is the interested in of Statistics.
Hollander is the taught by of Morrie Degroot.
Hollander is the taught by of Ed Olds.
Hollander consults Westinghouse.
Hollander consults U.S. Steel.
Hollander is the interested in of Quality Control.
Hollander moves California.
Hollander moves Palo Alto.
Hollander moves Stanford.
Hollander mentions Books.
Hollander is the interested in of Mathematics.
Hollander is the interested in of Science.
Hollander educates High School.
Hollander educates Erasmus Hall.
Hollander is the from of Brooklyn.
Hollander is the could have attended of Brooklyn College.
Hollander moves Pittsburgh.
Hollander mentions Dodgers.
Hollander is the could have attended of Brooklyn Polytechnic Institute.
Hollander is the interested in of Civil Engineering.
Hollander is the family business of Haberdashery Stores.
Hollander locates Manhattan.
Hollander locates Queens.
Hollander mentions Latch-Key Kid.
Hollander mentions Brooklyn Public Library.
Hollander supports Ladish Forging Company.
Hollander works Wisconsin.
Hollander works Ibm 1401.
Hollander works Private Sector.
Hollander works Sylvania Reconnaissance Laboratories.
Hollander works Mountain View.
Hollander works Markov Chains.
Hollander works Stochastic Processes.
Hollander is the internship at of Presbyterian Medical Center.
Hollander is the location of internship of San Francisco.
Hollander works Gerry Chase.
Hollander travels Southern Pacific Railroad.
Hollander is the interested in of Biostatistics.
Hollander mentors Lincoln Moses.
Hollander mentors Rupert Miller.
Hollander mentors Charles Stein.
Hollander mentors Mary Lou Coale.
Hollander mentors Glee.
Hollander visits Los Trancos Woods.
Hollander mentions Erich Lehmann.
Hollander mentions Joe Hodges.
Hollander mentions Vernon Johns.
Hollander is the location of interaction of Cedar Hall.
Hollander is the location of interaction of Sequoia Hall.
Hollander researchs Nonparametrics.
Hollander researchs Decision Theory.
Hollander mentions Admissibility.
Hollander mentions Invariance.
Hollander mentors Ingram Olkin.
Hollander mentors Shanti Gupta.
Hollander studys Multivariate Analysis.
Hollander studys Time Series.
Hollander mentors Kai-Lai Chung.
Hollander is the friend of Bill Brown.
Hollander is the friend of Jan Brown.
Hollander is the family of Jennifer Ann Miller.
Hollander is the friend of Barbara Miller.
Hollander is the family of Layne Q Hollander.
Glee is the met of Stanford Hospital.
Glee is the married of Myles Hollander.
Myles Hollander collaborates Frank Proschan.
Myles Hollander collaborates Ramesh Korwar.
Ramesh Korwar collaborates Tom Ferguson.
Ramesh Korwar collaborates Greg Campbell.
Ramesh Korwar collaborates Bob Hannum.
Ramesh Korwar collaborates Jayaram Sethuraman.
Myles Hollander collaborates Lincoln Moses.
Myles Hollander collaborates Kjell Doksum.
Myles Hollander collaborates Peter Nemenyi.
Myles Hollander collaborates Diaconis.
Myles Hollander collaborates Freedman.
Myles Hollander collaborates James Stein.
Myles Hollander collaborates Cifarelli.
Myles Hollander collaborates Melilli.
Myles Hollander collaborates Regazzini.
Myles Hollander collaborates Guglielmi.
Myles Hollander collaborates Di Nunno.
Hollander collaborates Frank Guess.
Hollander is the co-authored paper of Kochar.
Hollander is the co-authored paper of Loader.
Hollander is the co-authored paper of Hawkins.
Hollander is the conversation about teaching of Samaniego.
Hollander is the co-authored paper of Jayaram Sethuraman.
Hollander collaborates Edsel Pea.
Hollander is the conversation about research of Brad Efron.
Hollander is the conversation about research of Allen.
Hollander influences Erich Lehmann.
Hollander is the co-authored paper of Li.
Hollander is the co-authored paper of Doss.
Hollander is the conversation about research of Lyn Whitaker.
Hollander is the co-authored paper of Brett Presnell.
Hollander is the co-authored paper of Cris Dorado.
Hollander is the conversation about book publishing of Marcell Dekker.
Hollander is the co-authored book of Bill Brown.
Hollander is the co-authored book of Frank Proschan.
Hollander collaborates Virginia.
Hollander collaborates Glee.
Frank Hollander collaborates Ian Mckeague.
Frank Hollander collaborates Jie Yang.
Frank Hollander collaborates Gang Li.
Frank Hollander hires Flori Bunea.
Frank Hollander hires Eric Chicken.
Frank Hollander hires Dan Mcgee.
Frank Hollander hires Marten Wegkamp.
Frank Hollander collaborates Ron Randles.
Frank Hollander collaborates Pat Martin.
Frank Hollander mentors Ron Hobbs.
Frank Hollander mentors Carolyn Hobbs.
Frank Hollander is the board member of of Ibrahim Ahmad.
Frank Hollander is the board member of of Mei-Ling Lee.
Frank Hollander collaborates Anuj Srivastava.
Frank Hollander collaborates Victor Patrangenaru.
Frank Hollander collaborates Wei Wu.
Frank Hollander mentions Stephen Hawking.
Frank Hollander mentions Dennis Lindley.
Frank Hollander is the board member of of Paul Switzer.
Frank Hollander is the board member of of Ray Carroll.
Frank Hollander is the board member of of Ed Wegman.
Frank Hollander mentions Bob Hogg.
Frank Hollander mentions Pranab Sen.
Frank Hollander mentions Tom Hettmansperger.
Frank Hollander mentions Manny Parzen.
Frank Hollander mentions Brad Efron.
Jackie Robinson plays Dodgers.
Branch Rickey mentors Jackie Robinson.
Dodgers plays Sandy Koufax.
Fernando Valenzuela practices Ron Perranoski.
Woody Woodward collaborates Doug.
Layne is the family member of Taylor.
Bart is the family member of Catherine.
Bart is the family member of Andrew.
Bart is the family member of Robert.
Bart is the family member of Caroline.
Lincoln Moses mentors Myles Hollander.
Ralph Bradley mentors Myles Hollander.
Frank Wilcoxon mentors Myles Hollander.
Richard Savage mentors Myles Hollander.
Marion is the family member of Ralph Bradley.
Jo Ann is the family member of Richard Savage.
Erich Segal is the author of of Jennifer Cavilleri.
Oliver Barrett marrys Jennifer Cavilleri.
Pamela Mcghee acknowledges Myles Hollander.
Candace Ooten acknowledges Myles Hollander.
Jennifer Rivera acknowledges Myles Hollander.