Laser Beams is the propagate through of Turbulent Atmospheres.
Laser Beams is the important for of Remote Sensing.
Laser Beams is the important for of Tracking.
Laser Beams is the important for of Long-Distance Optical Communications.
Coherent Laser Beams is the sensitive to of Fluctuations.
Coherent Laser Beams is the acquires properties of of Atmospheric Refractive Index.
Coherent Laser Beams is the acquires properties of of Gaussian Statistics.
Coherent Laser Beams is the approaches unity for long-distance propagation of Noise/Signal Ratio.
Communication Channels is the limits performance of of Noise/Signal Ratio Decrease.
Partially Coherent Beams proposes Phase Diffuser.
Phase Diffuser is the introduces additional phase to wave front of outgoing radiation of Random Phase.
Random Phase is the determines initial of Transverse Coherence Length.
Transverse Coherence Length is the affects of Noise/Signal Ratio Decrease.
Integration Time is the should be much smaller than characteristic time of phase variations of Detector.
Detector is the senses intensity averaged over finite interval of Intensity Fluctuations.
Intensity Fluctuations is the determines mean-square fluctuations of of Scintillation Index.
Scintillation Index is the depends on of Photon Statistics.
Photon Statistics helps Control Of Communication Systems.
Photon Statistics is the describes in turbulent atmospheres of Photon Propagation.
Photon Propagation is the occurs in of Turbulent Atmospheres.
Photon Propagation influences Photon Velocity.
Random Force is the causes by of Refractive Index.
Photon Operators relates Laser Field.
Laser Field is the describes effect of of Phase Screen.
Phase Screen is the affects of Intensity Fluctuations.
Phase Screen is the describes effect on beam of Phase Screen Effect.
Phase Correlations is the describes effect on intensity fluctuations of Spatial Coherence.
Phase Correlations is the describes effect on intensity fluctuations of Temporal Coherence.
Slow Detector is the affects in similar way as fast detector of Intensity Fluctuations.
Fast Detector is the affects in similar way as slow detector of Intensity Fluctuations.
Phase Diffuser Efficiency is the describes efficiency on intensity fluctuations of Intensity Fluctuations.
Propagation Distance is the effect on of Slow Detector.
Parameter is the indicates of Initial Coherence Length.
Phase Diffuser is the effect on of Strength Of Atmospheric Turbulence.
Phase Factors averages Realizations Of Atmospheric Refractive Index.
Initial Coherence Length is the describes of Phase Diffuser.
Diffuser Dynamics is the sensitivity to of Scintillation Index.
Diffuser Dynamics is the effect on of Diffuser Parameters.
Beam Radius dos Diffuser Parameters.
Angle-Of-Arrival Spread dos Diffuser Parameters.
Four-Wave Correlations is the determines of Scintillation Index.
Phase Diffuser is the effect on of Scintillation Index.