Multiscale Dynamics is the present in of Turbulence.
Multiscale Dynamics is the present in of Finance.
Multiscale Dynamics is the present in of Geosciences.
Multiscale Dynamics relates Self-Similarity.
Self-Similarity relates Multiscaling.
Self-Similarity relates Multifractal.
Self-Similarity relates Structure-Functions (Sfs).
Structure-Functions (Sfs) defines Increment.
Increment relates Separation Scale.
Self-Similarity relates Fractional Brownian Motion (Fbm).
Fractional Brownian Motion (Fbm) relates Velocity.
Self-Similarity relates Wavelet Based Methodologies.
Wavelet Based Methodologies relates Wavelet Leaders.
Wavelet Based Methodologies relates Wavelet Transform Modulus Maxima.
Self-Similarity relates Hilbert-Based Method.
Self-Similarity relates Scaling Analysis.
Scaling Analysis relates Probability Density Function.
Self-Similarity relates Large-Scale Structures.
Large-Scale Structures relates Infrared Effect.
Large-Scale Structures relates Ultraviolet Effect.
Self-Similarity relates Detrended Structure-Function (Dsf).
Detrended Structure-Function (Dsf) relates Detrending Analysis (Da).
Detrending Analysis (Da) relates Window Size.
Detrending Analysis (Da) relates Velocity Increment.
Detrending Analysis (Da) relates Scaling Exponent.
Scaling Exponent relates Singularity Spectra.
Scaling Exponent relates Fourier Power Spectrum.
Scaling Exponent relates Inertial Range.
Inertial Range relates Compensated Height.
Compensated Height relates Kolmogorov Four-Fifth Law.
Scaling Exponent relates Extended-Self-Similarity (Ess).
Detrending Analysis (Da) relates Weight Function.
Weight Function relates Fourier Component.
Weight Function relates Linear Trend.
Weight Function relates Nonlinear.
Weight Function relates Nonstationary.
Weight Function relates Hurricane Number.
Weight Function relates Wood-Chan Algorithm.
Weight Function relates Mono-Scaling Process.
Mono-Scaling Process relates Gaussian Self-Similar Process.
Gaussian Self-Similar Process relates Normal Distribution Increment.
Mono-Scaling Process relates Hurst Number.
Mono-Scaling Process relates Multiplicative Discrete Cascade Process.
Multiplicative Discrete Cascade Process relates Dimensional Scale Ratio.
Multiplicative Discrete Cascade Process relates Multifractal Measure.
Multifractal Measure relates Cascade Random Variables.
Cascade Random Variables relates Brownian Motion.
Multifractal Measure relates Intermittency Parameter.
Theoretical Singularity Spectra recovers Estimators.
Estimators finds Statistical Error.
Synthesized Processes haves Performance.
Real Data is the possess nonstationary and nonlinear structures of Performance.
Experimental Homogeneous And Nearly Isotropic Turbulent Flow is the from of Performance.
3Rd-Order Sfs With Absolute Value indicates Inertial Range.
3Rd-Order Sfs Without Absolute Value indicates Inertial Range.
3Rd-Order Dsfs With Absolute Value indicates Inertial Range.
3Rd-Order Dsfs Without Absolute Value indicates Inertial Range.
Kolmogorovs Four-Fifth Law indicates Inertial Range.
Inertial Range corresponds Wavenumber Range.
Inertial Range is the height of the are respectively of Height.
Inertial Range bes Scaling Exponents.
Lognormal Model illustrates Intermittent Parameter.
Velocity Database obtains Wind Tunnel Experiment.
Wind Tunnel Experiment uses Probe Array.
Probe Array bes X-Type Hot Wire Anemometry.
Probe Array uses Velocity.
Velocity bes Measurement.
Measurement is the we have of Data Points.
Fourier Power Spectrum is the reveals a nearly two decades of Inertial Range On The Wavenumber Range.
Inertial Range On The Wavenumber Range is the with a of Scaling Exponent.
Scaling Exponent is the corresponds to of Time Scales.
Spatial Space is the by applying the of Taylors Frozen Hypothesis.
Detrended Structure-Function Analysis knows Infrared Effect.
1St-Order Polynomial Trend removes Window Size.
Velocity Increment defines Half Of The Window Size.
Mono-Fractal Process is the for the of Detrended Structure-Function Analysis.
Multifractal Process is the for the of Detrended Structure-Function Analysis.
Ess Algorithm is the resorts the of Measuring The Sf Scaling Exponent.
Large-Scale Motions is the usually of Anisotropic.
National Natural Science Foundation Of China is the under of Grant.
Pu Jiang Project Of Shanghai is the ( no . of No..
Innovative Program Of Shanghai Municipal Education Commission is the ( no . of No..
Shanghai Program For Innovative Research Team In Universities is the ( no . of No..
Prof. Schmitt is the thanks of Useful Comments And Suggestions.
Prof. Meneveau is the for sharing his of Experimental Velocity Database.
Y.H. is the thanks of Thanks.
F. Schmitt is the thanks of Useful Comments And Suggestions.
Z. Lu is the thanks of Thanks.
Y. Liu is the thanks of Thanks.
N. Fernandez is the thanks of Useful Comments And Suggestions.
J. Muzy is the versus the of Multifractal Formalism For Fractal Signals.
E. Bacry is the versus the of Multifractal Formalism For Fractal Signals.
A. Arneodo is the versus the of Multifractal Formalism For Fractal Signals.
J.P. Hermand is the for of Arbitrary-Order Hilbert Spectral Analysis.
Y. Gagne is the for of Arbitrary-Order Hilbert Spectral Analysis.
Q. Zhou is the in of Scaling Of Maximum Probability Density Functions.
X. Qiu is the in of Scaling Of Maximum Probability Density Functions.
X. Shang is the in of Scaling Of Maximum Probability Density Functions.
Praskovsky is the in of Sweeping Decorrelation Hypothesis And Energy-Inertial Scale Interaction.
E.B. Gledzer is the in of Sweeping Decorrelation Hypothesis And Energy-Inertial Scale Interaction.
M.Y. Karyakin is the in of Sweeping Decorrelation Hypothesis And Energy-Inertial Scale Interaction.
Y. Zhou is the in of Sweeping Decorrelation Hypothesis And Energy-Inertial Scale Interaction.
G.P. Bewley is the from of Signatures Of Non-Universal Large Scales In Conditional Structure Functions.
E. Bodenschatz is the from of Signatures Of Non-Universal Large Scales In Conditional Structure Functions.
M. Gibert is the from of Signatures Of Non-Universal Large Scales In Conditional Structure Functions.
A. Gylfason is the from of Signatures Of Non-Universal Large Scales In Conditional Structure Functions.
L. Mydlarski is the from of Signatures Of Non-Universal Large Scales In Conditional Structure Functions.
G.A. Voth is the from of Signatures Of Non-Universal Large Scales In Conditional Structure Functions.
H. Xu is the from of Signatures Of Non-Universal Large Scales In Conditional Structure Functions.
P. Yeung is the from of Signatures Of Non-Universal Large Scales In Conditional Structure Functions.
N. Huang is the for of Empirical Mode Decomposition And The Hilbert Spectrum.
Z. Shen is the for of Empirical Mode Decomposition And The Hilbert Spectrum.
S. Long is the for of Empirical Mode Decomposition And The Hilbert Spectrum.
M. Wu is the for of Empirical Mode Decomposition And The Hilbert Spectrum.
H. Shih is the for of Empirical Mode Decomposition And The Hilbert Spectrum.
Q. Zheng is the for of Empirical Mode Decomposition And The Hilbert Spectrum.
N. Yen is the for of Empirical Mode Decomposition And The Hilbert Spectrum.
C. Tung is the for of Empirical Mode Decomposition And The Hilbert Spectrum.
H. Liu is the for of Empirical Mode Decomposition And The Hilbert Spectrum.