Single-File Diffusion proposes Hodgkin And Keynes.
Nanotechnology stimulates Single-File Diffusion.
Ion Channels is the example of of Nanotechnology.
Zeolite Molecular Sieves observes Zeolite Molecular Sieves.
Zeolite Molecular Sieves observes Single-File Diffusion.
Colloidal Systems is the focus of study of Single-File Diffusion.
Complex Plasmas is the focus of study of Single-File Diffusion.
Vortex Matter is the focus of study of Single-File Diffusion.
Particles observes Single-File Diffusion.
Charged Particles is the interact with of Particles.
Dust Particles is the example of of Charged Particles.
Screened Coulomb Potential is the interact with of Charged Particles.
Yukawa Potential is the interact with of Charged Particles.
Brownian Particles is the similar to of Charged Particles.
Massive Metallic Balls is the example of of Charged Particles.
Particles observes Finite Size Systems.
Experiment is the influence of Confinement Strength.
Experiment is the influence of Metallic Balls.
Experiment is the creation of Parabolic Confinement.
Parabolic Confinement is the creation of External Electric Field.
Parabolic Confinement is the creation of Potential.
Potential is the control of Field Strength.
Experiment is the study of Charged Metallic Balls.
Experiment is the solve of Langevin Equation.
Langevin Equation is the define of Mass.
Langevin Equation is the define of Friction Coefficient.
Experiment is the selection of Parameters.
Experiment is the selection of Channel.
Channel is the define of Radius.
Experiment is the selection of Diffusing Particles.
Experiment is the show of Trajectories.
Trajectories is the diffusion of Particles.
Channel is the introduce of Probability Density.
Probability Density is the define of Radial Direction.
Probability Density is the present of Distribution.
Particles is the affect of Inter-Particle Interaction.
Sfd is the condition of Particles.
Thermal Energy is the define of Particles.
Particles is the overcome of Potential Barrier.
Diffusive Behavior is the explain of Diffusion Regime.
Diffusion Regime is the calculate of Diffusion Exponent.
Diffusion Exponent is the depend of Temperature.
Diffusion Regime is the analyze of Diffusion Regime Transition.
Hard-Wall Confinement Potential is the compare of Diffusive Behavior Transition.
Interparticle Repulsion is the explain of Diffusive Behavior Transition.
Density Distribution Function is the analyze of Diffusive Behavior Transition.
Diffusive Behavior Transition is the understand of Diffusive Behavior Transition.
Diffusive Behavior Transition is the access of Long-Time Behavior.
Finite Chain is the relate of Long-Time Behavior.
Particles And Holes is the define of Probability Of Bypassing.
Diffusion Regimes is the analyze of Diffusion Regimes.
Ensemble is the average of Ensemble.
Ensemble is the average of Time.
Ensemble is the property of Diffusion.
System is the calculate of Diffusion Curve.
Chain characterizes Behavior.
Probability is the value of Sites.
Sites is the increase of Saturation Limit.
Sites is the lead of Transition.
Chain is the transition of Regime.
Diffusive Properties is the study of Mean-Squared Displacement.
Mean-Squared Displacement is the calculate of Molecular Dynamics Simulations.
Particles is the diffuse of Channel.
Channel is the found of Diffusion Regimes.
Channel is the calculate of Scaling Exponent.
Particle Density is the profile of Channel.
Distribution Function is the profile of Channel.
Crossing Events is the function of Confinement Parameter.
Support is the explain of Crossover.
Anomalous Diffusion is the described of Continuous Time Random Walks.