Plane Curves is the important topological invariant of Fundamental Group.
Line Arrangements is the important topological invariant of Fundamental Group.
Chisini uses Fundamental Group.
Kulikov uses Fundamental Group.
Kulikov - Teicher uses Fundamental Group.
Branch Curves uses Fundamental Group.
Generic Projections uses Fundamental Group.
Zariski - Lefschetz Hyperplane Section Theorem is the states of Hypersurface.
Plane Curve uses Fundamental Groups Of Complements Of Hypersurfaces.
Zariski Pairs uses Fundamental Groups Computations.
Zariski Pair uses Fundamental Groups Computations.
Zariski Pair haves Combinatorics.
Zariski Pair exists Regular Neighbourhoods.
Zariski Pair is the pairs are homeomorphic of Homeomorphic.
Finite Non - Abelian Groups is the explore new examples of Fundamental Groups Of Complements Of Plane Curves.
Arrangement Of Lines defines Real.
Arrangement Of Lines defines Complex.
Arrangement Of Lines defines Graph.
Arrangement Of Lines associates Multiple Points.
Fan proves Projective Fundamental Group.
Fan proves Affine Fundamental Group.
Fan is the conjectured inverse implication of Conjecture.
Fan is the shows properties of Fundamental Group.
Eliyahu proves Fundamental Group.
Eliyahu is the motivates definition of Fundamental Group.
Eliyahu proves Conjugation - Free Geometric Presentation.
Real Arrangements haves Conjugation - Free Geometric Presentation.
Incidence Lattice is the determines the fundamental group of Fundamental Group.
Ceva Arrangement haves Fundamental Group.
Real Arrangements haves Conjugation - Free Geometric Presentation.
Disjoint Cycles haves Fundamental Group.
Triangle haves Fundamental Group.
Nice Arrangements is the determines the fundamental group of Fundamental Group.
Simple Arrangements is the determines the fundamental group of Fundamental Group.
Remark haves Fundamental Group.
Positive Presentations bes Conjugation - Free Geometric Presentations.
Wiring Diagram associates Lefschetz Pairs.
Braid Group defines Braid.
Braid Group defines Braid.
Braid generates Geometric Base.
Lefschetz Pairs associates Fundamental Group.
Skeleton computes Fundamental Group.
Fig4(A) is the transformation of Fig4(B).
Fig4(B) is the transformation of Fig4(C).
Fig4(C) is the transformation of Fig4(D).
Fig4(D) is the transformation of Av_Bv.
Av_Bv is the transformation of Quadruple_Case1(A).
Av_Bv is the transformation of Quadruple_Case2(A).
Av_Bv is the transformation of Triple_Case1(A).
Av_Bv is the transformation of Triple_Case2.
Av_Bv is the transformation of Triple_Case3(A).
Av_Bv is the transformation of Triple_Case4(A).
Triangle-Prop is the presentation of Ceva.
Ceva is the transformation of Cycle_Multiple5.