Atomic Physics is the describes of Gauge Invariance.
Atomic Physics is the describes of Atomic Transitions.
Atomic Physics is the describes of Wave Functions.
Atomic Physics is the describes of Schrdinger Equation.
Wave Functions is the describes of Gauge Invariance.
Wave Functions is the describes of Physical Interpretation.
Laser Field is the describes of Off-Resonant Transitions.
Off-Resonant Transitions is the describes of Two-Photon Transitions.
Quantum Mechanics is the describes of Gauge Invariance.
Operators is the describes of Momentum Operator.
Operators is the describes of Position Operator.
Operators is the describes of Physical Interpretation.
Momentum Operator is the describes of Electron Charge.
Momentum Operator is the describes of Vector Potential.
Time Derivative Operator is the describes of Ac Stark Shift.
Interaction Hamiltonian is the describes of Velocity Form.
Interaction Hamiltonian is the describes of Length Form.
Second Quantized Formalism is the describes of Dipole Approximation.
Atomic State is the describes of Final State.
Atomic State is the describes of Initial State.
Green Function is the describes of Ac Stark Shift.
Ac Stark Shift is the describes of Polarizability.
Radially Symmetric Reference State is the describes of Polarizability.
Ac Stark Shift is the demonstrates of Extended Gauge Invariance.
Two-Photon Transition dos Extended Gauge Invariance.
Two-Photon Transition is the needs to use length gauge off resonance of Gauge Invariance.
Two-Color Absorption is the restores gauge invariance of Gauge Invariance.
Two-Color Absorption is the restores gauge invariance of Two-Photon Transition.
Two-Photon Transition is the restores extended gauge invariance of Resonance.
Quantum Mechanics is the depends on gauge of Gauge Invariance.
Rabi Frequency is the depends on gauge of Electric Field.
Rabi Frequency is the calculates of Lamb Shift.
Rabi Frequency is the calculates of Kobe.
Electric Field bes Gauge Invariance.
Velocity Gauge is the easier in strong-field approximation of Interaction.
Velocity Gauge provides Quantum Mechanics.
National Science Foundation provides Phy1403973.