Organic Molecular Crystals is the composition of Van Der Waals Forces.
Organic Molecular Crystals is the application of Nanoscale Devices.
Organic Molecular Crystals is the application of Electronics.
Organic Molecular Crystals is the application of Optoelectronics.
Organic Molecular Crystals is the application of Solar Energy Harvesting.
Organic Molecular Crystals is the application of Surface Photochemistry.
Organic Molecular Crystals is the application of Organic Electronics.
Organic Molecular Crystals is the application of Spintronics.
Nanoscale Devices is the composition of Interface.
Interface is the process of Charge Transfer.
Organic Molecular Crystals is the property of Electron Affinity.
Organic Molecular Crystals is the property of Ionization Potential.
Organic Molecular Crystals is the theory of Density Functional Theory (Dft).
Density Functional Theory (Dft) is the theory of Kohn-Sham Orbitals.
Density Functional Theory (Dft) is the theory of Exchange-Correlation Functional.
Density Functional Theory (Dft) is the theory of Hybrid Functionals.
Density Functional Theory (Dft) is the theory of Self-Interaction Corrections.
Density Functional Theory (Dft) is the theory of Range Separated Functionals.
Density Functional Theory (Dft) is the theory of Constrained Density Functional Theory (Cdft).
Organic Molecular Crystals is the material of Graphene.
Graphene is the composition of Benzene Molecule.
Graphene is the composition of Metal.
Metal is the effect of Image Charge.
Metal is the composition of Charge Carriers.
Metal is the composition of Empty States Manifold.
Metal is the composition of Substrate.
Metal is the property of Dielectric Constant.
Metal is the property of Defects.
Metal is the property of Ground State Energy.
Metal is the concept of Lagrange Multiplier.
Metal is the concept of Stationary Point.
Metal is the property of Charge Transfer Energy.
Metal is the property of Electron Screening.
Metal is the effect of Image Charge Formation.
Molecular Crystal is the composition of Electrode.
Molecular Crystal is the composition of Neighboring Molecules.
Metal is the theory of Universal Energy Functional.
Metal is the state of Ground State.
Lda uses Van Der Waals Corrected Functionals.
Graphene Sheet is the interacts with of Benzene Molecule.
Graphene Sheet is the affects of Charge Transfer Energies.
Benzene Molecule is the affects of Charge Transfer Energies.
Benzene Molecule is the affects of Ionization Potential.
Benzene Molecule is the affects of Electron Affinity.
Graphene Sheet is the affects of Fermi Level.
Graphene Sheet is the affects of Density Of States.
Graphene Sheet haves Dielectric Constant.
Benzene is the physiosorption of Graphene.
Benzene is the energy level alignment of Cdft.
Cdft implements Siesta.
Charge Transfer Energies is the depends on of Distance.
Charge Transfer Energies is the describes of Image Charge Formation.
Cdft is the translates into of Energy Levels.
Energy Levels is the depends on of Distance.
Energy Levels is the adsorption of Graphene.
Energy Levels is the coincides with of Ionization Potential.
Energy Levels is the coincides with of Electron Affinity.
Energy Levels is the agrees with of Experimental Data.
Energy Levels is the agrees with of Bonding Distances.
Stone-Wales Defect dos Energy Level Alignment.
Charge Transfer Energies is the changes with of Presence Of Other Benzene Molecules.
Point-Like Charge is the interaction of of Uniform Planar Charge Distribution.
Uniform Planar Charge Distribution takes Dielectric Constant.
European Research Council supports Quest Project.
Quest Project provides Trinity Center For High Performance Computing.
Quest Project provides Irish Center For High End Computing.
Authors is the thanks to of Dr. Ivan Rungger.
Authors is the thanks to of Dr. A. M. Souza.