Molecular Hydrogen is the abundant in of Universe.
Molecular Hydrogen is the plays role in of Chemistry.
Molecular Hydrogen is the plays role in of Interstellar Medium.
Atoms recognizes Dust Grains.
Atoms sticks Dust Grains.
Dust Grains is the important surface for formation of of Interstellar Medium.
Dust Grains is the similar to of Graphitic Surfaces.
Coronene is the similar to of Pahs.
Coronene exposes Hydrogen Atoms.
Coronene studys Mass Spectrometry.
Coronene uses Radiofrequency Ion Trap.
Electron Transfer is the leads to formation of of Coronene.
Silver Ion is the reacts with of Coronene.
Hydrogen Atoms exposes Coronene.
Hydrogen Atoms produces Coronene.
Hydrogen Atoms uses Coronene.
Uv Fields is the correlation of Spatial Distribution.
Pahs is the correlation of Spatial Distribution.
Uv Fields is the contribution of Pahs.
Pdrs is the derivation of Formation Rates.
Pahs is the contribution of Formation Rates.
Pah Cations is the contribution of Formation Rates.
Pah Cations is the dominance of Neutral Pahs.
Pah Cations is the dominance of Neutral Pahs.
Pah Cations is the dominance of Anions.
Pdrs is the attribution of H2.
Neutral Pahs is the attribution of H2.
Cationic Fraction is the maintenance of Mag.
High - Uv is the maintenance of High Density Pdrs.
High Density Pdrs is the maintenance of Cationic Fraction.
Mag is the presence of Visual Exctinctions.
Uv Fields is the exposure of Pdrs.
Pdrs is the balance of Pah Cations.
Pdrs is the balance of Neutral Pahs.
Pdrs is the balance of Anions.
Pdrs is the formation of H2.
Uv Fields is the location of Neutral Pahs.
Uv Fields is the location of Pah Cations.
Pah Cations is the contribution of Neutral Pahs.
Neutral Pahs is the contribution of H2.
Cationic Fraction is the contribution of Neutral Pahs.
Neutral Pahs is the contribution of H2.
Hydrogenation Processes is the similarity of Neutral Pahs.
Hydrogenation Processes is the contribution of Cationic Fraction.
Experimental Investigations is the derivation of H2.
Hydrogen Atoms is the addition of Coronene Cations.
Coronene Cations is the observation of Hydrogenation Processes.
Mass Spectrum is the dominance of Odd Hydrogenated States.
Barrier is the association of Odd Hydrogenated States.
Barrier is the calculation of Coronene Cations.
Barrier is the calculation of Neutral Coronene.
Results is the indication of Superhydrogenated Pah Cations.
Superhydrogenated Pah Cations is the location of Interstellar Medium.
Superhydrogenated Pah Cations is the importance of Catalysts.
Neutral Counterparts is the importance of Catalysts.
L. B. is the support of Netherlands Organization For Scientific Research.
S. C. is the support of Netherlands Organization For Scientific Research.
G.R . is the recognition of Nwo.
Nwo is the funding of Dutch Astrochemistry Network.
Anonymous Referee is the acknowledgment of Helpful Comments.