Atom is the component of Atomic Clock.
Oscillator is the component of Atomic Clock.
Second is the measurement unit of Si.
Resonance exhibits Atom.
Resonance exhibits Clock.
Radiation is the intensity of Atom.
Radiation is the intensity of Oscillator.
Wave Function parametrizeds Resonance.
Temperature is the absolute zero of Resonance.
Temperature is the zero radiation of Radiation.
Cesium 133 imagines Resonance.
Cesium 133 uses General Conference Of Weights And Measures.
Quantum Theory incorporates Wave Function.
Quantum Theory is the unknowable of Wave Function.
Linear Algebra is the offers for explanations of Quantum Theory.
Operators is the offers for explanations of Quantum Theory.
Probabilities is the offers for evidence of Quantum Theory.
Future Evidence is the impacts of Probabilities.
Digital Communications uses Clocks.
Spacetime explains Clock Readings.
Metric Tensor explains Clock Readings.
Logical Symbols explains Clock Readings.
Universal Coordinated Time (Utc) is the generates of Clocks.
Clock Readings generates Utc.
Transmission is the at of Clock Readings.
Reception is the at of Clock Readings.
Logical Synchronization is the pertains to of Channel.
Channel is the connects of Clock Readings.
Spacetime Curvature is the affects of Patterns.
Clock Adjustments is the pertains to of Clocks.
Bit Rate imposes Clock Adjustments.
Computer-Mediated Feedback uses Clocks.
Turing Machine modifys Computer.
Keyboard is the communicates with of Turing Machine.
Display is the communicates with of Turing Machine.
Symbols is the communicates with of Turing Machine.
Phases intersperses Turing Machine.
Moves intersperses Turing Machine.
Computation performs Turing Machine.
Speed is the matters for of Turing Machine.
Ticks steps Turing Machine.
Period Of Revolution is the corresponds to of Turing Machine.
Cycle is the corresponds to of Turing Machine.
Communication is the expresses as models of of Turing Machine.
Signals is the receives and transmits of Turing Machine.
Reception gears Turing Machine.
Transmission gears Turing Machine.
Moments is the records of Turing Machine.
External Devices is the communicates with of Turing Machine.
Actuators is the communicates with of Turing Machine.
Influences is the responds to of Turing Machine.
Outcomes is the impacts of Turing Machine.
Probabilities is the impacts of Turing Machine.
Algorithm is the invokes of Turing Machine.
Steering Formulas encodes Turing Machine.
Feedback Loop is the operates in of Turing Machine.
Real-Time Computer is the communicates with of Turing Machine.
Records is the writes on of Turing Machine.
Tape is the marks into squares of Turing Machine.
Characters holds Tape.
Alphabet holds Tape.
Phase Quantity is the records of Tape.
Detections is the receives of Turing Machine.
Commands is the writes of Turing Machine.
Logical Communication requires Turing Machine.
Reading is the pertains to of Turing Machine.
Clock is the steps of Open Machine.
Channel is the connects of Clock Readings.
Signal Propagation is the involves of Channels.
Evidence is the independent of of Channels.
Hypotheses is the revisions of of Channels.
Metric Tensor Field is the revisions of of Channels.
Clock Networks employs Channels.
Geodesy employs Channels.
Astronomy employs Channels.
Clocking requires Channels.
Open Machine is the pertains to of Channels.
Engineering is the elevates to a principle of Channels.
Symbol is the propagates of Channels.
Memory writes Channels.
Computation performs Channels.
Variations is the independent of of Channels.
Corollary 2.1 is the states of Variations.
Quantum Uncertainty brings Cooperation.
Quantum Uncertainty brings Representation.
Representation represents Clocks.
Representation represents Worldlines.
Bringing_Together is the hinges on of Distinguishing Evidence.
Distinguishing Evidence is the hinges on of Explanations.
Timelike Worldlines haves Explanations.
Null Geodesics haves Mathematical Connection.
Mathematical Connection haves Physical Atomic Clocks.
Mathematical Connection haves Physical Signals.
Atomic Clock represents Proper Clock.
Proper Clock represents Worldline.
Aiming Point is the involves of Channels.
Aiming Point is the involves of Frequency Scale.
Aiming Point is the involves of Null Phases.
Open Machines models Worldline.
Worldline haves Clock Readings.
Open Machines is the aims to maintain of Two-Way Channel.
Two-Way Channel haves Phases.
Open Machines shows Position Corrections.
Position Corrections registers Phases.
Open Machines requires Receptive Phases.
Receptive Phases shows Position Deviations.
Position Deviations registers Phases.
Open Machines requires Steering.
Steering requires Receptive Phases.
Receptive Phases measures Other Machines.
Aiming Point is the increase with of Deviations.
Deviations is the demand predicting further ahead of Propagation Delays.
Cluster Of Machines is the can not all be zero of Aiming-Point Phases.
Aiming-Point Phases is the depends on of Deviation.
Deviation gives Measured Phase Quantity.
Measured Phase Quantity is the depends on of Adjustments.
Adjustments is the depends on of Tolerable Bounds.
Tolerable Bounds is the can be detected of Trends.
Trends is the basis of of Prediction.
Prediction is the adequate of Guesswork.
Measured Phases is the subject to of Uncertainty.
Deviations Of Phases is the subject to of Aiming Points.
Transmission Of Logical Symbols requires Sharp Distinctions.
Sharp Distinctions requires Responses.
Responses bases Fuzzy Measurements.
Acquisition Of Logical Synchrony is the involves of Digital Communications.
Digital Communications is the involves of Waiting Time.
Aiming Points is the involves of Questions Of Type Iii.
Questions Of Type Iii appears Metric Tensor.
Metric Tensor is the needs to be of Revised.
Deviations Outside Tolerances is the calls for revision of Metric Tensor Field.
Metric Tensor Field prompts Revised.
Measured Phases uses Adjust.
Adjust is the of of Hypothesis.
Hypothesis is the adjust of Metric Tensor.
Laser Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory (Ligo) views Operation.
Laser Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory (Ligo) is the drops off below of Sensitivity.
Arrangement Of Machines haves Low-Frequency Cutoff.
Arrangement Of Machines haves Potential.
Arrangement Of Machines haves Detect.
B.N. Taylor authors Nist Special Publication 330.
J.M. Myers authors Quantum Computation And Information.
F.H. Madjid authors Matched Detectors.
J.M. Myers authors Ambiguity In Quantum-Theoretical Descriptions.
J.M. Myers authors Probabilities In Quantum Systems.
A.M. Turing authors Computable Numbers.
M. Soffel authors Iau Resolutions For Astrometry.
V. Perlick authors Radar Method In General-Relativistic Spacetimes.
F.K. Manasse authors Fermi Normal Coordinates.
T.E. Parker authors Frequency Stability Of Hydrogen Masers.
J. Levine authors Algorithm For Realizing Utc(Nist).