Continuum Mechanics includes Surface Failure Models.
Surface Failure Models knows Cohesive Zone Models.
Cohesive Zone Models enrichs Discontinuities.
Discontinuities includes Traction-Displacement-Separation Constitutive Laws.
Continuum Mechanics includes Bulk Failure Models.
Bulk Failure Models knows Continuum Damage Mechanics.
Continuum Damage Mechanics includes Softening.
Continuum Damage Mechanics includes Damage Nucleation.
Continuum Damage Mechanics includes Damage Propagation.
Continuum Damage Mechanics includes Damage Branching.
Continuum Damage Mechanics includes Damage Arrest.
Bulk Failure Models includes Pathological Mesh-Sensitivity.
Bulk Failure Models includes Nonlocal Continuum Formulations.
Nonlocal Continuum Formulations includes Characteristic Length.
Bulk Failure Models includes Multi-Physics Coupling.
Bulk Failure Models includes Brittle Fracture.
Bulk Failure Models includes Material Discontinuities.
Material Discontinuities includes Cracks.
Bulk Failure Models includes Material Failure.
Material Failure includes Bond Breakage.
Material Failure includes Material Disintegration.
Material Disintegration includes Material Flows.
Material Disintegration includes Thermodynamic Standpoint.
Material Failure includes Molecular Bonds.
Material Failure includes Material Organization.
Material Organization includes Material Points.
Material Points includes Deformation Gradient.
Deformation Gradient includes Lagrangean Description.
Lagrangean Description includes Mass Balance.
Mass Balance includes Momenta Balance.
Mass Balance includes Energy Balance.
Energy Balance includes Entropy Inequality.
Entropy Inequality includes Helmholtz Free Energy.
Helmholtz Free Energy includes Specific Internal Energy.
Specific Internal Energy includes Constitutive Laws.
Constitutive Laws includes Mass Flow.
Mass Flow includes Elastic Deformation.
Bulk Failure Models includes Brittle Fracture.
Material Points includes Mass Conductivity Constant.
Mass Conductivity Constant includes Mass Source.
Mass Source includes Mass Flux.
Mass Flux includes Mass Balance.
Mass Balance includes Stress-Strain Curves.
Stress-Strain Curves includes Hyperelasticity.
Hyperelasticity includes Strain Energy Function.
Strain Energy Function includes Failure Limit.
Strain Energy Function includes Switch Parameter.
Bulk Failure Models includes Cauchy Stress.
Cauchy Stress includes Stretch Curve.
Mass Loss is the cause of Crack Development.
Mass Loss is the comparison of Whole Body.
Bond Breakage is the process of Mass Density.
Mass Density is the transition of Intact Material.
Mass Density is the transition of Failed Material.
Failure Localization is the activation of Diffusive Material Sink.
Diffusive Material Sink is the regulation of Mass Balance Equation.
Continuum Damage Theories is the comparison of Internal Parameters.
Internal Parameters is the usage of Damage Variables.
Internal Parameters is the usage of Phase Fields.
Law Of Mass Balance is the provision of Regularization.
Numerical Simulations is the requirement of Numerical Integration Procedure.
Support is the acknowledgment of Israel Science Foundation.
Barenblatt Gi is the publication of 1959.
Benzerga Aa is the publication of 2016.
Leblond Jb is the publication of 2016.
Needleman A is the publication of 1987.
Tvergaard V is the publication of 1992.