Hypervelocity Stars is the involves of Ejection Mechanism.
Ejection Mechanism is the ejection mechanism of Binary.
Binary is the encounter of Supermassive Black Hole.
Hypervelocity Stars is the ejection mechanism of Intermediate-Mass Black Holes.
Hypervelocity Stars is the ejection mechanism of Binary Massive Black Hole.
Binary Massive Black Hole is the ejection mechanism of Stellar Mass Black Holes.
Stellar Mass Black Holes is the ejection mechanism of Supermassive Black Hole.
B-Type Hvss is the predicts lower velocities of Rotational Velocities.
B-Type Hvss is the predicts velocities of Rotational Velocities.
B-Type Hvss is the predicts velocities of He 04375439.
He 04375439 measures Metallicity.
He 04375439 is the establishes origin of Large Magellanic Cloud.
Evolved Sdo Star is the well understood of Nature.
Late B-Type Hvss is the ambiguity of Blue Horizontal Branch.
Late B-Type Hvss is the determines nature of Rotational Velocities.
Late B-Type Hvss is the determines nature of Chemical Abundances.
Late B-Type Hvss is the reveals pulsations of Time Series Photometry.
Hvs1 confirms Time Series Photometry.
Hypervelocity Stars is the importance of High Resolution Spectroscopy.
Hypervelocity Stars is the lack of Stellar Parameter Measurements.
Hypervelocity Stars performs Testing Nature.
Hvs7 collects Hvs8.
Hvs7 observes Hvs8.
Hvs7 observes 2008 January 1819.
Hvs7 uses Mike Spectrograph.
Mike Spectrograph instals 6.5-M Magellan Clay Telescope.
6.5-M Magellan Clay Telescope locates Las Campanas Observatory.
Hvs7 measures Solar Metallicity.
Hvs7 uses Lte Atlas9 Models.
Hvs7 corrects Doppler Shift.
Hvs7 measures Radial Velocity.
Hvs7 uses Iraf Cross-Correlation Package Rvsao.
Hvs7 compares Synthetic Model Spectra.
Synthetic Model Spectra uses Grid Of Models.
Hvs7 quantifys Spectroscopic Quality-Of-Fit Parameter.
Hvs7 determines Effective Temperature.
Hvs7 determines Surface Gravity.
Hvs7 determines Atmospheric Parameters.
Hvs7 measures Chemical Abundances.
Hvs7 uses Time Series Photometry.
Hvs7 is the checked of Radial Velocity Measurements.
Hvs7 establishs Main Sequence Nature.
Hvs7 requires Astrometry.
Hvs8 detects Radial Velocity.
Hvs8 is the consistent of Pulsating Main Sequence B-Type Star.
Hvs8 is the possibility discarded of Binary.
Hvs8 is the indicates of Low Mass-Ratio.
Hvs8 is the lack of Metal Lines.
Hvs8 is the results in of High Rotational Velocity.
Hvs8 determines Atmospheric Parameters.
Hvs7 classifys Late B-Type Stars.
Hvs7 is the prediction of Hansen.
Hvs7 is the consistent with of Bhb Star.
Hvs7 detects Metal Lines.
Hvs8 is the consistent with of Main-Sequence B-Type Star.