Ultracold Quantum Gases is the offer of Interesting Physics.
Ultracold Quantum Gases is the offer of Gases.
Ultracold Quantum Gases is the model of Systems.
Ultracold Quantum Gases is the provide of Properties.
Ultracold Quantum Gases is the manipulate of Trapping Potential.
Ultracold Quantum Gases is the manipulate of Dimensionality.
Ultracold Quantum Gases is the manipulate of Interaction.
Ultracold Quantum Gases is the manipulate of Statistics.
Three-Dimensional Optical Lattice is the observe of Superfluid-Mott Insulator Transition.
Three-Dimensional Optical Lattice is the model of Bose-Hubbard Model.
Bosonic Atoms is the confine of One-Dimensional Tubes.
Two-Dimensional Optical Lattice realizes Lieb-Liniger Gas.
Strong Interactions is the control of Feshbach Resonances.
Condensed-Matter Theory adds High-Energy Physics.
Spinor Bose-Einstein Condensate is the study of Ferromagnetic Interactions.
Spinor Bose-Einstein Condensate is the study of Skyrmion Physics.
Antiferromagnetic Spinor Bose-Einstein Condensate allows Monopole.
Antiferromagnetic Spinor Bose-Einstein Condensate allows Hedgehog Solutions.
Charge Fractionalization is the study of One Dimension.
Charge Fractionalization is the create of Non-Abelian Gauge Fields.
Vortex Line is the combine of Fermionic Gas.
Vortex Line is the tune of Laser Parameters.
Vortex Line is the create of Supersymmetry.
Supersymmetry is the avoid of Tachyon.
Supersymmetry is the use of Minimally Extended Standard Model.
Supersymmetry is the model of Disorder And Chaos.
Supersymmetry applys Supersymmetric Quantum Mechanics.
Supersymmetry is the write of Hamiltonian.
Hamiltonian replaces Number Operator.
Destructive Interference is the enhance of Stability.
Destructive Interference reduces Damping.
Bosonic Excitations is the produce of Particle-Hole Pair.
Quantum Phase Transition is the break of Supersymmetry.
Ultracold Superstring is the relate of String-Bit Models.
Transverse Degrees Of Freedom is the describe of String-Bit Models.
Physics is the produce of Pancake Vortices.
External Rotation Frequency is the stable of Vortex.
External Rotation Frequency is the unstable of Vortex.
Vortex reduces Damping.
Thermal Fluctuations is the suppress of Zero-Temperature Limit.
Boson-Fermion Mixture realizes Atomic Species.
Interspecies Scattering Length is the tune of Feshbach Resonances.
Optical Lattice is the use of Laser.
Optical Lattice is the produce of Optical Potential.
Optical Lattice is the associate of Recoil-Energy.
Optical Lattice is the avoid of Mott-Insulator State.
Groundstate Wavefunctions is the associate of Harmonic Oscillator.
Tunneling Amplitude is the provide of Dispersion.
Dispersion is the derive of Chemical Potential.
Vortex Motion is the restriction of Vortex.
Vortex is the results in of Kelvons.
Gaussian Wavefunction is the describes of Condensate Density.
Vortex Core approximates Step Function.
Vortex is the close to of Center.
Kelvons describes Creation And Annihilation Operators.
Optical Lattice is the results in of Kelvin Waves.
Kelvons haves Dispersion.
Vortex Core is the calculation for of Bound State.
Gross-Pitaevskii Equation solves Condensate Wavefunction.
Condensate Wavefunction couples Fermion Wavefunction.
Scattering Lengths relates Interaction.
Interaction relates Scattering Lengths.
Fermionic Atoms treats Mean-Field Approximation.
Mean-Field Approximation is the solve for of Gross-Pitaevskii Equation.
Chemical Potential is the derive for of Kelvons.
Chemical Potential is the derive for of Kelvons.
Chemical Potential is the positive for of Chemical Potential.
Chemical Potential is the small for of Rotations.
Vortex is the center of of Gas Cloud.
Interaction is the between of Bosonic And Fermionic Atoms.
Gross-Pitaevskii Equation is the solve for of Condensate Wavefunction.
Condensate Wavefunction couples Fermion Wavefunction.
Interaction relates Scattering Lengths.
Interaction relates Scattering Lengths.
Fermionic Atoms treats Mean-Field Approximation.
Mean-Field Approximation is the solve for of Gross-Pitaevskii Equation.
Chemical Potential is the derive for of Kelvons.
Chemical Potential is the derive for of Kelvons.
Chemical Potential is the positive for of Chemical Potential.
Chemical Potential is the small for of Rotations.
Vortex is the center of of Gas Cloud.
Interaction is the between of Bosonic And Fermionic Atoms.
Superstring Realization is the also in of Boson-Boson Interactions.
Superstring Realization is the also in of Boson-Fermion Interactions.
Kelvons is the among each other of Repulsive Interaction.
Kelvons is the with of Fermionic Atoms.
Vortex Core extends Fermion Hamiltonian.
Spring Constants associates Radial Confinement.
Kelvons shifts Fermionic Atoms.
Radial Confinement is the increases of Energy.
Vortex Core is the from to of Shifted.
Fermion Hamiltonian extends Term.
Spring Constants associates Radial Confinement.
Kelvons shifts Fermionic Atoms.
Radial Confinement is the increases of Energy.
Interaction is the equal to of Interaction Terms.
Annihilation Operator associates Spring Constants.
Hopping Amplitudes is the adjusting by of Laser Parameters.
Chemical Potentials is the adjusting by of Fermion Filling Fraction.
Interaction Terms is the equal to of Radial Trapping.
Radial Trapping is the introducing by of Second Running Laser.
Second Running Laser is the choosing by of Wavelength.
Second Running Laser is the choosing by of Rabi Frequency.
Radial Trapping tunes Second Running Laser.
Second Running Laser is the choosing by of Wavelength.
Second Running Laser is the choosing by of Rabi Frequency.
Superstring Realization describes Supersymmetric Hamiltonian.
Annihilation Operator is the at site of Kelvon.