Quantum Computing bases Qubits.
Quantum Computing is the candidate for of Nuclear Spins.
Quantum Computing is the candidate for of Photons.
Quantum Computing is the candidate for of Trapped Ions.
Quantum Computing is the candidate for of Superconducting Circuit.
Quantum Computing is the candidate for of Quantum Dots.
Quantum Computers is the outperforms of Classical Computers.
Quantum Computers is the enables of Quantum Algorithms.
Quantum Algorithms is the performs of Shor'S Algorithm.
Quantum Algorithms is the performs of Grover'S Algorithm.
Shor'S Algorithm factorizes Integer.
Shor'S Algorithm is the offers speed up of Polynomial Time.
Shor'S Algorithm is the saves of Computational Resources.
Grover'S Algorithm is the searches of Database.
Grover'S Algorithm is the searches of Linear Time.
Quantum Factorization is the utilizes of Harmonic Oscillators.
Quantum Factorization is the prepares in of Number-State Basis.
Quantum Factorization is the prepares in of Coherent State.
Quantum Factorization is the encodes of Trial Factors.
Quantum Factorization is the produces of Nonlinear Interactions.
Quantum Factorization is the produces of Rotation Frequencies.
Quantum Factorization is the computes of Product Of Two Trial Factors.
Quantum Factorization is the saves of Computational Resources.
Quantum Factorization is the obtains of Factors State.
Quantum Factorization is the performs of Conditional Measurement.
Quantum Factorization is the uses of Amplitude-Amplification Method.
Amplitude-Amplification Method is the involves of Iterations.
Amplitude-Amplification Method is the obtains of Linear Time.
Amplitude-Amplification Method is the outperforms of Shor'S Algorithm.
Hamiltonian is the consists of of Position.
Hamiltonian is the consists of of Momentum.
Position is the satisfies of Commutation Relation.
Annihilation Operators is the obey of Creation Operators.
Total Hamiltonian is the consists of of Hamiltonian.
Total Hamiltonian haves Eigenstate.
Eigenstate bes Invariant.
Time Evolution is the applies to of Complex Function.
Time Evolution is the determines of Effective Rotation Frequency.
Time Evolution is the occurs in of Phase Space.
Time Evolution is the uses of Phase Factor.
Positive Integer is the applies to of Factorization Approach.
Factorization Approach is the shows of Schematic Diagrams.
Factorization Approach is the applies of Unitary Operator.
Unitary Operator is the obtains of Reduced Density Matrix.
Coupling Strengths is the determines of Nonlinear-Operator Function.
Nonlinear-Operator Function is the outputs of Product State.
Nonlinear-Operator Function is the outputs of Total State.
Total State is the prepares in of Probabilities.
Harmonic Oscillators 1 is the solution of Quantum Search Algorithm.
Harmonic Oscillators 2 is the solution of Quantum Search Algorithm.
Quantum Search Algorithm prepares Coherent State.
Coherent State applys Unitary Operator.
Coherent State measures Reduced Density Matrix.
Harmonic Oscillators 1 applys Black-Box Operation.
Black-Box Operation is the transforms to of Harmonic Oscillators 1.
Harmonic Oscillators 1 considers Hamiltonian.
Hamiltonian uses Amplitude-Amplification Method.
System Of Functions evaluates Integer Variables.
Output Function is the depends on of Number.
Black-Box Operation provides Number.
Qubits replaces Number.