Higgs is the tool of Hadron Colliders.
Kaidalov proposes Higgs.
Khoze proposes Higgs.
Martin proposes Higgs.
Ryskin proposes Higgs.
Durham Group proposes Higgs.
Lhc is the production of Gluons.
Gluons is the production of Proton.
Proton is the contains information of Ugdfs.
Cdf Collaboration measures Charmonia.
Charmonia is the exclusive production of Meson.
Meson is the parton distributions of Ugdfs.
Tevatron is the production of Charmonia.
Charmonia is the numerical results of Cross Section.
Charmonia is the projection of Polarization.
Meson Cep studys Ugdfs.
Meson Cep is the meaning represented by of Curves.
Meson Cep is the meaning represented by of Fig : Chic012-Dy.
Meson Cep studys Differential Distributions.
Differential Distributions measures Differential Cross Section.
Differential Cross Section measures Rapidity.
Differential Cross Section measures States.
Meson Cep computes Gbw.
Meson Cep computes Ks.
Meson Cep computes Kmr.
Kmr computes Hkrs Cut-Off Parameter.
Meson Cep studys Relative Azimuthal Angle.
Relative Azimuthal Angle measures Outgoing Protons.
Meson Cep studys Correlation Function.
Meson Cep derives Qcd Amplitude.
Qcd Amplitude produces Tensor Meson.
Qcd Amplitude is the vanishes in of Forward Limit.
Qcd Amplitude includes Polarisation States.
Meson Cep is the importance in of Nonperturbative Contributions.
Meson Cep is the contribution to of Observable Radiative Decay Channel.
Meson Cep is the main contribution to of Diffractive Charmonium Production.
Diffractive Charmonium Production is the dependent on of Gluon Transverse Momenta.
Gluon Transverse Momenta is the sensitivity to of Infrared Cut-Off.
Perturbatively Modeled Kmr Ugdf is the sensitivity to of Infrared Cut-Off.
Meson Cep is the alternative to of Kutak - Stato.
Meson Cep is the alternative to of Gbw Models.
Meson Cep tests Off - Diagonal Ugdfs.
Off - Diagonal Ugdfs follows Positivity Constraints.
Off - Diagonal Ugdfs compares Experimental Data.
Meson Cep studys Charmonium Cep.
Charmonium Cep measures Radiative Decay Channel.
Nonlinear Kutak - Stato Ugdf Model achieves Quantitative Agreement.
Meson Cep is the high of Theoretical Uncertainties.
Theoretical Uncertainties relates Nlo Corrections.
Theoretical Uncertainties relates Axial - Vector Case.
Absorptive Corrections is the dependent on of Ugdf.
Literature is the no reliable estimation of of Sensitivity.
Meson Cep compares Experimental Data.
Meson Cep is the sensitivity to of Ugdfs Choice.
Meson Cep studys Prescriptions.
Meson Cep tests Skewed Ugdfs.
Meson Cep studys Nonperturbative Cut - Off Parameter.
Meson Cep studys Characteristic Variations.
Meson Cep is the strategy to of Comparison.
Comparison is the allows to select of Experimental Data.
Comparison is the sensitivity analysis with of Ugdfs Choice.
Comparison is the sensitivity analysis with of Prescriptions.
Comparison is the sensitivity analysis with of Skewed Ugdfs.
Comparison is the sensitivity analysis with of Nonperturbative Cut - Off Parameter.
Comparison is the sensitivity analysis with of Characteristic Variations.
Comparison compares Experimental Data.
Comparison compares Ugdfs.
Comparison compares Prescriptions.
Comparison compares Skewed Ugdfs.
Comparison compares Nonperturbative Cut - Off Parameter.
Comparison compares Characteristic Variations.
Comparison is the variety of of Good Options.
Good Options is the include of Ugdfs.
Good Options is the essential of Qcd Dynamics.
Constraints settles Experimental Measurements.
Constraints settles Energy Dependence.
Constraints settles Differential Distributions.
Discussions acknowledges Correspondence.