Primordial Gravity Waves produces Cosmic Inflation.
Primordial Gravity Waves expects Scalar Perturbations.
Primordial Gravity Waves is the leaves footprint on of Polarized Anisotropies.
Primordial Gravity Waves is the reside at of Super-Horizon Scales.
Primordial Gravity Waves expresss Tensor-To-Scalar Ratio.
Tensor-To-Scalar Ratio is the constrains of Energy Scale Of Inflation.
Tensor-To-Scalar Ratio is the allows to discriminate between of Inflationary Models.
Tensor-To-Scalar Ratio is the impacts on constraining of Inflationary Models.
Tensor-To-Scalar Ratio is the impacts on performance forecasts of of Cmb B-Mode Experiments.
Sky Areas defines Small-Scale Experiments.
Sky Areas defines Ground-Based Telescope.
Sky Areas defines Satellite-Like Mission.
Sky Areas is the capable of delivering up to of Foreground Clean Sky.
Pseudospectrum Estimators constructs Cmb B-Mode Experiments.
Pseudospectrum Estimators corrects Cmb B-Mode Experiments.
Xmath80 is the introduces of Xmath81.
Xmath81 is the uses of Xmath82.
Xmath82 is the defines of Xmath83.
Xmath83 is the defines of Xmath84.
Xmath84 is the defines of Xmath85.
Xmath85 is the defines of Xmath86.
Xmath86 is the uses of Xmath87.
Xmath88 is the implies of Xmath89.
Xcite is the describes of Xmath91.
Xmath91 haves Xmath92.
Xmath2 is the applies to of Xmath16.
Xmath2 is the applies to of Xmath17.
Xmath16 is the uses of Xmath75.
Xmath17 is the uses of Xmath75.
Xmath16 is the estimates of Xmath67.
Xmath95 is the starts at of Xmath96.
Xmath96 haves Xmath97.
Xmath97 haves Xmath98.
Xmath96 is the ends at of Xmath99.
Xmath99 uses Xmath100.
Xmath100 is the estimates of Xmath67.
Xmath101 is the compares to of Xmath102.
Xmath101 is the compares to of Xmath103.
Xmath104 is the compares to of Xmath106.
Xmath106 is the starts at of Xmath107.
Xmath106 is the ends at of Xmath108.
Xmath108 is the transition value of Xmath109.
Xmath109 is the dominates variance of Xmath110.
Xmath114 is the decreases for of Xmath115.
Xmath114 is the increases for of Xmath116.
Xmath114 is the compares to of Xmath117.
Xmath114 is the compares to of Xmath118.
Xmath114 is the compares to of Xmath119.
Xmath114 is the compares to of Xmath120.
Xmath114 is the compares to of Xmath121.
Xmath114 is the compares to of Xmath122.
Xmath114 is the assumes of Xmath123.
Xmath114 is the compares to of Xmath124.
Statistical Uncertainties is the affects of Angular Power Spectrum Estimation.
Statistical Uncertainties is the contributes to of Sampling Variance.
Statistical Uncertainties is the contributes to of Noise Variance.
Sampling Variance is the reduces of Sky.
Sampling Variance is the reduces of Pixel.
Sky is the leads to of Noise Variance.
Sky is the leads to of Pixel.
Tensor-To-Scalar Ratio is the increases of Sky.
Tensor-To-Scalar Ratio is the affects of Signal-To-Noise Ratio.
Mode-Counting provides Signal-To-Noise Ratio.
Quadratic Estimator provides Signal-To-Noise Ratio.
Pseudo-Estimation provides Signal-To-Noise Ratio.
Bandwidth is the affects of Signal-To-Noise Ratio.
Bandwidth is the affects of Binning.
Correlations is the affects of Signal-To-Noise Ratio.
Fisher Formalism is the affects of Signal-To-Noise Ratio.
Noise is the inhomogeneous of Inhomogeneous.
Fig24 mentions Ref.
Satellite Mission is the computation method of Pixel-Based Computation.
Pixel-Based Computation is the yields of Minimum-Variance Sky Apodization.
Minimum-Variance Sky Apodization is the yields of Uncertainties.
Harmonic-Based Computation is the computation method of Sky Apodizations.
Error Bars is the drastically increase of Increase.
Angular Scales is the increase of Error Bars.
Galactic Mask is the require of Relax.
Point-Sources Mask is the require of Relax.
Neuman And Dirichlet Boundary Conditions is the to keep of Keep.
Analytic Sky Apodizations is the fails of Fail.
Array Of Telescopes is the systematically search of Search.
Optimization is the yield to of Yield.
Bandpower is the select of Uncertainties.
Signal-To-Noise Ratio is the compute of Compute.
Tensor-To-Scalar Ratio is the compute of Compute.
Pure Pseudospectrum Estimator is the use of Use.
Small-Scale Experiment is the cover of Cover.
Small-Scale Experiment is the high level of Instrumental Noise.
Sky Fraction is the dominate of Dominate.
Sky Fraction is the benefit of Benefit.
Sky Fraction reduces Reduce.
Sky Fraction reduces Error Bars.
Iterative Solver is the converge of Converge.
Covariance Matrix is the compute of Compute.
Sky Fraction is the vary from of Noise Level.
Signal-To-Noise Ratio obtains Pseudospectrum Reconstruction.
Signal-To-Noise Ratio obtains Mode-Counting Estimation.
Signal-To-Noise Ratio obtains Minimum Variance Quadratic Estimator.
Detection is the of of Tensor-To-Scalar Ratio.
Small-Scale Experiment is the for of Reionization Bump.
Small-Scale Experiment is the in of Azimuthally Symmetric Patches.
Pseudospectrum Reconstruction is the approach for of Small-Scale Experiment.
Small-Scale Experiment is the almost as accurate as of Pseudospectrum Reconstruction.
Small-Scale Experiment is the more computationally costly than of Minimum Variance Quadratic Estimator.
Small-Scale Experiment dos Non-Azimuthal Symmetry.
Small-Scale Experiment is the for of Uncertainties.
Sky Fraction maximizes Signal-To-Noise Ratio.
Sky Fraction adopts Method.
Method is the on the reconstructed of Uncertainties.
Sky Fraction is the affect of Bandwidth.
Bandwidth optimizes Sky Fraction.
Mode-Counting Estimation provides Sky Fraction.
Detection is the of of Tensor-To-Scalar Ratio.
Experimental Configurations is the with of Sky Coverage.
Experimental Configurations is the for of Noise Distribution.
Experimental Configurations is the on the of Uncertainties.
Uncertainties derives Mode-Counting Estimation.
Uncertainties uses Pseudospectrum Estimators.
Results summarizes Experimental Setups.
Experimental Setups measures Minimal Values.
Experimental Setups derives Minimal Detectable Value.
Experimental Setups is the to of Small-Scale Experiment.
Experimental Setups is the to of Array Of Telescopes.
Experimental Setups is the to of Satellite Mission.
Experimental Setups uses Angular Scales.
Results is the of of Impact.
Impact is the in the context of of Results.
Inflation is the of of Measurement.
Measurement is the with of Tensor-To-Scalar Ratio.
Measurement is the of the of Pure Pseudospectrum Estimation.
Measurement is the between of Potential Discrimination.
Potential Discrimination is the and of Small Fields Models.
Potential Discrimination is the of of Large Fields Models.
Measurement is the consistent with of Value.
Value is the smaller than of Excursion.
Value is the larger than of Excursion.
Measurement is the implies of Detection.
Detection is the smaller than of Excursion.
Detection is the smaller than of Number Of E-Folds.
Measurement bes Discrimination.
Discrimination is the of of Range.
Range considers Number Of E-Folds.