Interference is the comparison of Noise Power.
Interference is the comparison of Typical User.
Typical User is the action of Resource Sharing.
Typical User is the assumption of Gaussian Signaling.
Typical User is the calculation of Mutual Information.
Typical User is the calculation of Power Gain Distribution.
Power Gain Distribution is the description of Nakagami Fading Channel.
Nakagami Fading Channel is the definition of Gamma Function.
Nakagami Fading Channel is the description of Fading Parameter.
Fading Parameter is the description of Desired Link.
Fading Parameter is the description of I.I.D. Interfering Links.
Power Gain Distribution is the description of Exponential Distribution.
Nakagami Fading Channel is the description of Deterministic Channel.
Typical User is the calculation of Cumulative Distribution Function.
Typical User is the description of Path Losses.
Path Losses is the description of Mapping Theorem.
Mapping Theorem is the description of Non-Homogeneous Ppp.
Non-Homogeneous Ppp is the description of Intensity Function.
Mapping Theorem is the description of Displacement Theorem.
Displacement Theorem is the description of Intensity Function.
Typical User is the description of Channel Selection Diversity Gain.
Typical User is the description of Content Placement.
Typical User is the calculation of Success Probability.
Success Probability is the description of Optimal Solution.
Optimal Solution is the description of Constrained Convex Optimization Problem.
Constrained Convex Optimization Problem is the description of Lagrangian Function.
Lagrangian Function is the description of Karush-Kuhn-Tucker Condition.
Karush-Kuhn-Tucker Condition is the description of Caching Probability.
Typical User is the description of Content Popularity.
Typical User is the description of Cache Memory Size.
Typical User is the description of Channel Selection Diversity.
Typical User is the description of Network Interference.
Network Interference is the calculation of Average Success Probability.
Average Success Probability is the description of Random Load.
Random Load is the description of Probability Mass Function.
Typical User is the description of Signal-To-Interference Ratio.
Signal-To-Interference Ratio is the description of Interfering Signal Power.
Interfering Signal Power is the description of Content Delivery.
Content Delivery is the description of Optimization Problem.
Typical User is the description of Rayleigh Fading Channel.
Rayleigh Fading Channel is the description of Gauss Hypergeometric Function.
Gauss Hypergeometric Function is the description of Concave Function.
Content Placement is the independent of of Transmit Power.
Caching Probability determines Content Placement.
Content Placement determines Pathloss Exponent.
Content Placement determines Content Popularity.
Content Placement determines Target Bit Rate.
System Parameters is the affect on of Content Placement.
Simulation Environments is the as follows of Baseline Setting.
Simulation Results is the validate of Average Success Probability.
System Parameters is the affect on of Caching Probability.
Content Placement Strategies is the compares of Average Success Probability.
Most Popular Contents is the closer to of Proposed Content Placement.
Proposed Content Placement is the superior to of Most Popular Contents.
Most Popular Contents is the closer to of Proposed Content Placement.
Proposed Content Placement is the superior to of Most Popular Contents.
Optimal Caching Probability plots Content.
Content is the in of Noise-Limited Network.
Optimal Caching Probability plots Content.
Content is the in of Noise-Limited Network.
Optimal Caching Probability plots Content.
Content is the in of Maximum Target Bit Rate.
Optimal Caching Probability plots Content.
Content is the in of Maximum Target Bit Rate.
Optimal Caching Probability plots Content.
Content is the in of Cache Memory Size.
Optimal Caching Probability plots Content.
Content is the in of Cache Memory Size.
Average Success Probabilities is the compares of Optimal Caching Probability.
Average Success Probabilities is the compares of Sub-Optimal.
Sub-Optimal bounds Lower Bound.
Average Content Delivery Success Probability bounds Sub-Optimal.
Average Content Delivery Success Probability is the small for of Optimal Caching Probability.
Average Content Delivery Success Probability is the close to of Proposed Sub-Optimal.
Proposed Sub-Optimal is the close to of Optimal Caching Probability.
Sub-Optimal finds Lower Bound.
Average Content Delivery Success Probability bounds Sub-Optimal.
Average Content Delivery Success Probability is the small for of Optimal Caching Probability.
Average Content Delivery Success Probability is the close to of Proposed Sub-Optimal.
Proposed Sub-Optimal is the close to of Optimal Caching Probability.
Content Placement Schemes is the superior to of Average Content Delivery Success Probability.
Content Placement Schemes is the superior to of Average Content Delivery Success Probability.
Average Content Delivery Success Probability is the quite similar to of Average Content Delivery Success Probability.
Average Content Delivery Success Probability is the quite similar to of Average Content Delivery Success Probability.
Average Content Delivery Success Probability is the outperforms of Average Content Delivery Success Probability.
Interference-Limited Network is the for varying of User Density.
Interference-Limited Network studys Probabilistic Content Placement.
Probabilistic Content Placement is the control of Cache-Based Channel Selection Diversity.
Probabilistic Content Placement is the control of Network Interference.
Probabilistic Content Placement is the considerations of of Path Loss.
Probabilistic Content Placement is the considerations of of Small-Scale Channel Fading.
Probabilistic Content Placement is the considerations of of Arbitrary Cache Memory Size.
Closed Form derives Optimal Caching Probabilities.
Bisection Based Search Algorithm is the efficiently reach of Optimal Solution.
Rayleigh Fading Channels derives Optimal Caching Probabilities.
Channel Selection Diversity Gain is the controls of Effects Of System Parameters.
Optimal Solution maximizes Content Delivery Success Probability.
Content Placement analyzes Effects Of System Parameters.
Effects Of System Parameters is the affect on of Caching Helper Density.
Effects Of System Parameters is the affect on of User Density.
Effects Of System Parameters is the affect on of Nakagami Fading Parameter.
Effects Of System Parameters is the affect on of Memory Size.
Effects Of System Parameters is the affect on of Target Bit Rate.
Effects Of System Parameters is the affect on of User Density.
Path Loss is the dominates of Small-Scale Fading Effects.
Gamma Function approximates Load.
Received Sir is the larger than of Association Based On Instantaneous Channel Power Gains.
Gamma Function is the available as of Lower Bound.
Gamma Function is the hard due to of Analytic Evaluation.
Lower Bound takes Lower Bound.
Lower Bound is the independent of of Constant.
Finite Value is the exists of Lower Bound.
Finite Value determines Lower Bound.
Hanzo publishs Ieee Trans.
H Zhou publishs Ieee Trans.
M Tao publishs Ieee Trans.
E Chen publishs Ieee Trans.
W Yu publishs Ieee Trans.
Z Chen publishs Ieee Trans.
J Lee publishs Ieee Trans.
T Q S Quek publishs Ieee Trans.
M Kountouris publishs Ieee Trans.
J Kang publishs Ieee Trans.
C G Kang publishs Ieee Trans.
N Golrezaei publishs Ieee Trans.
A G Dimakis publishs Ieee Trans.
A F Molisch publishs Ieee Trans.
A Altieri publishs Ieee Trans.
P Piantanida publishs Ieee Trans.
L R Vega publishs Ieee Trans.
C G Galarza publishs Ieee Trans.
Y Guo publishs Ieee Trans.
L Duan publishs Ieee Trans.
R Zhang publishs Ieee Trans.
M Afshang publishs Ieee Trans.
H S Dhillon publishs Ieee Trans.
P H J Chong publishs Ieee Trans.
B Serbetci publishs Ieee Trans.
J Goseling publishs Ieee Trans.
C Yang publishs Ieee Trans.
Y Yao publishs Ieee Trans.
B Xia publishs Ieee Trans.
J Rao publishs Ieee Trans.
D Stoyan authors John Wiley & Sons.
W Kendall authors John Wiley & Sons.
J Mecke authors John Wiley & Sons.
M Haenggi authors Cambridge University Press.
S H Chae publishs Ieee Trans.
J P Hong publishs Ieee Trans.
W Choi publishs Ieee Trans.
S Singh publishs Ieee Trans.