Third-Order Relativistic Many-Body Perturbation Theory is the studies of Energy Levels.
Third-Order Relativistic Many-Body Perturbation Theory is the studies of Ions.
Ions is the one valence electron of Valence Electron.
Ions is the outside closed core of Closed Core.
Li-Like Ions is the along isoelectronic sequences of Isoelectronic Sequences.
Na-Like Ions is the along isoelectronic sequences of Isoelectronic Sequences.
Cu-Like Ions is the along isoelectronic sequences of Isoelectronic Sequences.
Ag-Like Ions is the along isoelectronic sequences of Isoelectronic Sequences.
Third-Order Relativistic Many-Body Perturbation Theory is the calculations of Transition Amplitudes.
Ag-Like Ions is the calculations of Transition Amplitudes.
Transition Amplitudes obtains Transition Rates.
Transition Amplitudes obtains Oscillator Strengths.
Ag-Like Ions is the evaluate lifetimes of Lifetimes.
Ag-Like Ions devotes Oscillator Strengths.
Ag-Like Ions devotes Lifetimes.
Ag-Like Ions devotes Energy Levels.
Ag-Like Ions is the calculate energies of Energy Levels.
Ag-Like Ions is the calculate lifetimes of Energy Levels.
Ag-Like Ions is the compare with experimental data of Energy Levels.
Ag-Like Ions is the study reduced matrix elements of Reduced Matrix Elements.
Ag-Like Ions is the study line strengths of Line Strengths.
Ag-Like Ions is the study transition probabilities of Transition Probabilities.
Ag-Like Ions includes Wavelength Data.
Rpa Equations solves Core Iteration.
Core Iteration is the convergence to machine accuracy of Machine Accuracy.
Transition Energies is the calculate energies of Neutral Ag.
Transition Rates is the analyze data of Neutral Ag.
Transition Rates is the useful in planning experiments of Planning New Experiments.
Transition Rates is the analyze experimental data of Experimental Data.
Transition Rates is the analyze transition probabilities of Transition Probabilities.
Transition Rates is the analyze lifetimes of Lifetimes.
Dipole Matrix Elements is the calculate transition rates of Transition Rates.
Dipole Matrix Elements is the calculate energies of Energy Levels.
Dipole Matrix Elements is the calculate lifetimes of Lifetimes.
Dipole Matrix Elements is the calculate transition probabilities of Transition Probabilities.
Dipole Matrix Elements includes Wavelength Data.
National Science Foundation Grant is the support of Third-Order Relativistic Many-Body Perturbation Theory.
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory Grant is the support of Third-Order Relativistic Many-Body Perturbation Theory.