Phases is the improvement of F-Test Probability.
Separate Power-Law Indexes is the no improvement of Photon Index.
Spectra is the same among observations of Photon Index.
Spectra is the different at phase 0 and 0.2 of Photon Index.
Spectra is the show in figure of Nustar.
Spectra is the show in figures of Fit Results.
Swift Data is the extract using same regions of Spectra.
Source Extraction Circle determines Observation.
Spectral Properties is the vary of Orbital Phase.
Spectral Properties performs Phase-Resolved Spectroscopy.
Spectra uses Timing Solution.
Spectra merges Data.
Spectra produces Spectra.
Spectra groups Data.
Spectra uses L Statistics.
Spectra trys Spectra.
Spectra is the explains data of Power-Law Model.
Power-Law Model finds Photon Indices.
Power-Law Model is the maximum flux for high-flux state of Photon Indices.
Swift Data determines Fit Parameters.
Swift Data is the consistent with parameters for phases 0.3 and 0.6 of Xmm-Newton Data.
Accretion-Powered Neutron Star Hmxbs is the show such as emission lines or cutoff of Spectral Features.
X-Ray Spectrum is the describes well without additional features of Power-Law Model.
X-Ray Spectrum is the no improvement in fit of Cutoff Power-Law Model.
Nustar groups Spectra.
Nustar is the no cutoff required of Cutoff Power-Law Model.
Cutoff Power-Law Model determines Lower Limit.
Cutoff Power-Law Model is the 90 % lower limit for cutoff energy of Lower Limit.
Cutoff Power-Law Model is the values obtained for sample of accretion-powered neutron star hmxbs of Lower Limit.
Spectral Hardness is the varies of Orbital Phase.
Spectral Hardness is the correlation of Flux.
Spectral Hardness is the apparent correlation of Flux.
Spectral Hardness is the fit with constant function of Flux.
Spectral Hardness is the linear fit of Flux.
Spectral Hardness measures Flux.
Spectral Hardness is the consistent with reported value of Flux.
Spectral Hardness is the significance of correlation of Flux.
Spectral Hardness is the significance verified with spearman 's rank order correlation coefficient of Flux.
Spectral Hardness is the variation orbitally of Flux.
Spectral Hardness is the variation orbitally of Photon Index.
Spectral Hardness tests Photon Index.
Spectral Hardness is the significance of variation of Photon Index.
Spectral Hardness is the significance verified with test of Photon Index.
Spectral Hardness is the significance calculation of Photon Index.
Spectral Hardness performs Photon Index.
Spectral Hardness measures Photon Index.
Spectral Hardness checks Photon Index.
Spectral Hardness uses Xmm-Newton Observation.
Spectral Hardness calculates Count Rate.
Spectral Hardness calculates Hardness Ratio.
Spectral Hardness is the found of Variabilities.
Spectral Hardness is the no correlation of Correlation.
Spectral Hardness is the consistent with results reported of Analysis.
Swift Data finds Orbital Period.
Swift Data is the shows features at phase 0 and sinusoidal hump of Light Curve.
Swift Data is the similar to previous reports of Features.
Swift Data is the persistent at phase 0 of Features.
Swift Data is the less orbit-to-orbit variability of Features.
Spectral Hardness is the clearly seen of Correlation.
Spectral Hardness is the more sensitive observations made of Correlation.
Swift Data combines Spectral Analysis.
Swift Data is the concern for combined results of Long-Term Variability.
Swift Data is the concern for combined results of Short-Term Variability.
Swift Data is the may not be large compared to statistical uncertainties of Errors.
Spectral Hardness is the still 6399 % with systematic uncertainty of Significance.
Spectra is the well described with power-law model of Broadband X-Ray Spectra.
Parameter Space prefers Neutron Star Model.
Spectra is the none found of Evidence For Accretion.
Spectra is the no evidence found of Exponential Cutoff.
Spectra is the 90 % lower limit for cutoff energy of Lower Limit.
Spectra is the large for neutron star hmxbs of Lower Limit.
Spectra is the simple power-law spectrum of Continuum Spectrum.
Spectra suggests Non-Accreting Neutron Star System.
Spectra identifys Location Of X-Ray Peak.
Spectra identifys Gamma-Ray Peak.
Spectra is the eccentric of Orbit.
Spectra is the not precise of Alignment Of X-Ray And Gamma-Ray Peaks.
Spectra is the more required for firm conclusion of Observations.
Spectra is the show orbital modulation of X-Ray Spectral Properties.
Pulsar Models is the attribute orbital modulation of Orbital Modulation.
Pulsar Models reproduces Spectral Variability.
Pulsar Models is the investigate for explanation of Spiky Feature.
Swift Data is the not reproduced in other observations of High-Flux State.
Swift Data is the not produced by short timescale variability of High-Flux State.
Swift Data is the duration longer than 24ks and shorter than 1.8days of High-Flux State.
Swift Data is the duration verified with phases of other observations of High-Flux State.
Swift Data is the duration verified with varying orbital period of High-Flux State.
Ls 5039 is the similarity of Ls I @Xmath6661@Xmath10303.
Ls 5039 is the supports idea of Clumpiness Of The Stellar Wind.
Ls I @Xmath6661@Xmath10303 is the supports idea of Clumpiness Of The Stellar Wind.
Ls I @Xmath6661@Xmath10303 is the different from of Stellar Companion (Be Star).
1Fgl J1018.6@Xmath05856 uses Nustar.
1Fgl J1018.6@Xmath05856 uses Swift.
1Fgl J1018.6@Xmath05856 uses Xmm-Newton.
1Fgl J1018.6@Xmath05856 is the acknowledgement of R. W. Romani.
Nasa is the supports research of Nustar.
Nasa is the supports research of California Institute Of Technology.
California Institute Of Technology is the management of Jet Propulsion Laboratory.
California Institute Of Technology is the software development of Asi Science Data Center.
California Institute Of Technology is the data source of High Energy Astrophysics Science Archive Research Center.
Goddard Space Flight Center is the data source of High Energy Astrophysics Science Archive Research Center.
Nasa is the supports research of Kavli Institute For Particle Astrophysics And Cosmology.
Italian Space Agency (Asi) is the supports research of Nustar.