Macroscopic Drops is the equivalent to of Surface.
Surface haves Gradient.
Gradient haves Equilibrium Contact Angle.
Reynolds Numbers describes Newtonian Fluid.
Newtonian Fluid haves Viscosity.
Viscosity describes Navier-Stokes Equation.
Navier-Stokes Equation describes Stress Tensor.
Vapor Phase is the neglects of Liquid-Vapor Surface.
Air is the neglects of Liquid-Vapor Surface.
Stress Tensor haves Laplace Pressure.
Stress Tensor haves Disjoining Pressure.
Laplace Pressure multiplys Surface Tension Coefficient.
Disjoining Pressure multiplys Surface Tension Coefficient.
Disjoining Pressure multiplys Mean Curvature.
External Body Force Density studys Barriers.
Droplets studys Barriers.
Initial Profile is the chosen for of Droplets.
Initial Profile is the smoothly connected to of Precursor Film.
Droplet Height relates Base Width.
Droplet Height relates Distance.
Distance relates Position.
Position relates Smoothness.
Droplets investigates Situations.
Situations positions Three-Phase Contact Line.
Situations positions Step.
Equilibrium Contact Angle is the reduces to of Euler-Lagrange Equation.
Euler-Lagrange Equation is the of of Interface Hamiltonian.
Fluid Film is the of of Interface Hamiltonian.
Intermolecular Interactions approximates Disjoining Pressure.
Unbalanced Forces is the result in of Net Force.
Net Force is the on of Liquid Body.
Disjoining Pressure is the separately considered with of Contribution.
Disjoining Pressure is the contribution to of Laplace Pressure.
Ridge is the proportional to of Force Densities.
Macroscopic Ridge Length is the proportional to of Force Densities.
Three Dimensions bes Surface Area Element.
Surface Area Element multiplys Cross-Sectional Area.
Topographic Step is the calculate for of Disjoining Pressure Of The Step.
Substrate Material is the disregards of Molecular Structure.
Substrate Particles is the interact with of Intermolecular Interactions.
Pair Potentials gives Disjoining Pressure.
Disjoining Pressure multiplys Number Densities.
Number Densities multiplys Substrate Volume.
Disjoining Pressure Of The Step decomposes Quarter Spaces.
Quarter Spaces forms Building Blocks.
Lennard-Jones Type Pair Potentials gives Disjoining Pressure.
Coating Layer is the contribution to of Disjoining Pressure.
Coating Layer is the of of Coating Layer Thickness.
Coating Layer is the on of Edge.
Edge is the fills of Rod.
Coated Edge is the contribution to of Disjoining Pressure.
Right Quarter Space is the contribution to of Disjoining Pressure Of The Step.
Coated Lower Right Quarter Space is the contribution to of Disjoining Pressure Of The Step.
Coated Edges is the contribution to of Disjoining Pressure Of The Step.
Typical Examples is the shows of Disjoining Pressure.
Vertical Distance is the function of of Disjoining Pressure.
Lateral Distance is the function of of Disjoining Pressure.
Substrate is the resembles of Chemically Structured Substrate.
Substrate is the minimizes of Effective Interface Potential.
Fluid Film is the minimizes of Effective Interface Potential.
Intermolecular Interactions is the yields of Disjoining Pressure.
Unbalanced Forces adds Disjoining Pressure.
Disjoining Pressure is the on of Net Force.
Liquid Body adds Contribution.
Contribution is the of of Force Densities.
Ridge is the of of Force Densities.
Macroscopic Ridge Length is the of of Force Densities.
Three Dimensions is the of of Surface Area Element.
Surface Area Element is the of of Cross-Sectional Area.
Topographic Step is the of of Disjoining Pressure Of The Step.
Substrate Material is the of of Molecular Structure.
Substrate Particles is the of of Intermolecular Interactions.
Pair Potentials is the of of Disjoining Pressure.
Disjoining Pressure is the of of Number Densities.
Number Densities is the of of Substrate Volume.
Disjoining Pressure Of The Step is the of of Quarter Spaces.
Quarter Spaces is the of of Building Blocks.
Lennard-Jones Type Pair Potentials is the of of Disjoining Pressure.
Coating Layer is the of of Disjoining Pressure.
Coating Layer is the of of Coating Layer Thickness.
Coating Layer is the of of Edge.
Edge is the of of Rod.
Coated Edge is the of of Disjoining Pressure.
Right Quarter Space is the of of Disjoining Pressure Of The Step.
Coated Lower Right Quarter Space is the of of Disjoining Pressure Of The Step.
Coated Edges is the of of Disjoining Pressure Of The Step.
Typical Examples is the of of Disjoining Pressure.
Vertical Distance is the of of Disjoining Pressure.
Lateral Distance is the of of Disjoining Pressure.
Hydrodynamic Equations describes Biharmonic Boundary Integral Method.
Nanodroplet haves Contact Angle.
Nanodroplet haves Equilibrium Profile.
Nanodroplet haves Center Of Mass.
Nanodroplet haves Laplace Pressure.
Nanodroplet haves Disjoining Pressure.
Nanodroplet haves Hydrostatic Pressure.
Nanodroplet haves Asymmetry.
Nanodroplet haves Force Density.
Nanodroplet haves Droplet Speed.
Nanodroplet haves Overhang.
Nanodroplet haves Viscosity.
Step is the near of Nanodroplet.
Step is the at of Edge.
Droplets haves Equilibrium Contact Angle.
Droplets haves Horizontal Position.
Droplets haves Vertical Position.
Droplets haves Center Of Mass.
Droplets is the near of Step Edge.
Case haves Equilibrium Contact Angle.
Case haves Step Height.
Case haves Velocity.
Case is the near of Step Edge.
Nanodroplets is the near of Corner.
Nanodroplets is the on substrates of Substrates.
Substrates haves Contact Angle.
Substrates haves Initial Distance.
Substrates haves Step Height.
Substrates haves Velocity.
Substrates is the near of Corner.
Wedge haves Contact Angle.
Wedge haves Volume.
Wedge is the part of of Liquid-Vapor Interface.
Wedge is the part of of Circle.
Nanodroplets is the quantification of External Forces.
Nanodroplets is the analysis of Substrates.
Nanodroplets positions Edge.
Nanodroplets is the unstable of Symmetry.
Edge is the broken symmetry of Substrates.
Droplets is the migration of Edge.
Droplets is the equilibrium of Edge.
Droplets is the attraction of Edge.
Droplets is the repulsion of Edge.
Droplets is the movement of Corner.
Droplets is the stability of Corner.
Droplets is the repulsion of Corner.
Droplets is the threshold force density of Corner.
Droplets is the distorted equilibrium position of Corner.
Droplets depinnings Corner.
Droplets is the energy barrier of Corner.
Droplets is the intermolecular forces of Corner.
Droplets is the volume ratio of Corner.
Droplets is the dimensional arguments of Corner.
Droplets is the force threshold of Corner.
Droplets is the influence of intermolecular forces of Corner.
Droplets is the numerical solutions of Corner.
Droplets drives Corner.
Droplets is the relaxed shape of Corner.
Droplets is the estimation of Corner.
Nanodroplets researchs Mesoscopic Hydrodynamic Equations.
Nanodroplets researchs Microfluidic Devices.
Nanodroplets influences Surface Heterogeneities.
Nanodroplets influences Dewetting Processes.
Nanodroplets influences Chemical Surface Structures.
Nanodroplets is the similar to of Nanoclusters.
Nanodroplets affects Intermolecular Interactions.
Nanodroplets drives Forces.
Nanodroplets is the challenge to position of Nanometer Accuracy.
Nanodroplets is the occurs on of Condensation.
Nanodroplets is the occurs on of Evaporation.
Nanodroplets is the occurs on of Structured Substrates.
Boundary Of The System solves Biharmonic Boundary Integral Method.
Biharmonic Boundary Integral Method is the utilizes of Stream Function.
Biharmonic Boundary Integral Method is the utilizes of Vorticity.
Biharmonic Boundary Integral Method is the utilizes of Tangential Velocity.
Biharmonic Boundary Integral Method is the utilizes of Normal Velocity.
Biharmonic Boundary Integral Method is the depends on of Boundary Conditions.
Boundary Conditions is the imposes of No-Slip Condition.
Boundary Conditions is the imposes of No-Flux Condition.
Adaptive Time Stepping is the avoids of Numerical Instabilities.