Aharonov-Bohm Effect is the conceptual issue of Nonlocality.
Aharonov-Bohm Effect is the conceptual issue of Independent Physical Reality Of Electromagnetic Potentials.
Original Paper On The Aharonov-Bohm Effect is the characteristic of Remarkable Clarity.
Gauge Invariance is the demonstration of Arbitrariness In Choosing Potentials.
Gauge Invariance is the demonstration of Invariance Of Lorentz-Maxwell Theory.
Gauge Invariance is the recognition of Significance In Quantum Mechanics.
Fock is the recognition of Recognition Of Gauge Invariance Significance.
Schroedinger is the observation of Multiplication By Local Phase Factor.
Electron is the component of Wave Function.
Electron is the component of Quantum Theory Interaction.
Aharonov-Bohm Argument is the key point of Consideration Of Loop Integrals.
Loop Integrals In The Phase Of The Wavefunction is the explanation of Definition Of Ab Phase Shift.
Loop Integrals In The Phase Of The Wavefunction is the explanation of Manifestation Of Phase Shift.
Magnetic Flux is the definition of Total Magnetic Flux.
Electron Wavefunction is the observation of Multi-Valued Scalar Field.
Electron Wavefunction is the suggestion of Splitting Into Two Components.
Path-Dependent Phase Factor is the calculation of Calculation Of Phase Shift.
Double-Slit Interferometer is the description of Components.
Ideal Ab Scheme is the description of Components.
Ideal Ab Scheme is the summary of Main Conclusions.
Ideal Ab Scheme is the summary of Observations.
Ideal Ab Scheme is the observation of Classical Analog Absence.
Ideal Ab Scheme is the preference of Physical Reality Attribution.
Laboratory Experiments is the demonstration of Implementation Of Ab Scheme.
Ab Setup is the description of Components.
Ab Setup is the observation of Vector Potential Time-Independence.
Double-Slit Quantum Interference is the description of Experimental Realization.
Tonomura is the demonstration of Experiment Demonstrating Wave-Particle Duality.
Wave-Particle Duality is the description of Interference Pattern.
Wave-Particle Duality is the description of Equidistant Bright And Dark Bands.
Wave-Particle Duality is the calculation of Optical Path Difference.
Wave-Particle Duality is the calculation of Phase Difference.
Wave-Particle Duality is the description of Light Intensity Maxima And Minima.
Wave-Particle Duality is the description of Fresnel Biprism.
Electron Optics is the comparison of Analogy To Light.
Biprism Experiment is the description of Transformation Of Electron Beam.
Single Electron Wave Passing Through Both Slits is the observation of Formation Of Quantum Probability Interference.
Which-Path Information is the observation of Nonexistence In Quantum Mechanics.
Einstein-Podolsky-Rosen (Epr) Incompleteness Argument is the validation of Experimental Validation.
Bohr-Einstein Debate is the recommendation of Avoidance Of Mysterious Descriptions.
Eichmann is the validation of Experiment Proving Bohr'S Assertion.
Schmidt is the exploration of Experiment Exploring Momentum Transfer.
Classical Analog is the analog of of Coherent Momentum Transfer.
Force is the acts on of Scattering Centers.
Force is the acts on of Momentum.
Momentum transfers Scattering Centers.
Ab Effect is the involves of Wave-Particle Duality.
Gauge Invariance is the involves of Electromagnetism.
Gauge Invariance is the involves of Subtle Points.
Wu And Yang notes Gauge Invariance.
Phase defines Loop Integral.
Phase is the contains more information than of Phase Factor.
Phase is the not measurable of Phase Factor.
Phase relates Flw Phase.
Fock relates Flw Phase.
London relates Flw Phase.
Weyl relates Flw Phase.
Flw Phase is the describes of Ab Effect.
Gauge Transformation relates Flw Phase.
Schroedinger Wavefunction is the describes of Electron.
Free Electron Wavefunction expresss Schroedinger Equation.
Integration Variable changes Classical Limit.
Feynman is the discusses of Ab Effect.
Vector Potential represents Canonical Momentum.
Trammel is the careful regarding of Vector Potential.
Energy Interference Term derives Vector Potential.
Time-Lag Effect derives Vector Potential.
Boyer is the discusses of Complementarity Principle.
Complementarity Principle is the explains of Momentum Transfer.
Transverse Momentum Shift is the satisfies of Momentum Transfer.
Aharonov-Bohm Flux Unit is the puts limitation on of Momentum Transfer.
Classical Limit Of A Quantum System is the limit for of Momentum Transfer.
Simple Harmonic Oscillator is the example of of Classical Limit Of A Quantum System.
Quantum Interference relates Momentum Transfer.
Solonoid is the interacts with of Electron System.
Vaidman is the discusses of Solonoid.
Aharonov is the discusses of Solonoid.
Kang is the discusses of Solonoid.
Becker-Batelaan Experiment is the demonstrates of Quantum Interference.
Bohr-Sommerfeld Quantization is the applies to of Canonical Momentum.
Aharonov collaborates Collaborators.
Experiment suggests Magnetic Fields.
Experiment suggests Transverse Forces.
Aharonov emphasizes Modular Variable Theory.
Modular Variable Theory is the defines as of Modular Velocity.
Modular Variable Theory is the defines as of Modular Momentum.
Modular Momentum defines Spatial Length.
Angular Momentum Holonomy Conjecture is the applies to of Geometry.
Angular Momentum Holonomy Conjecture is the applies to of Topology.
Point Charge is the surrounds of Flux.
Flux is the relates to of Closed Surface.
Ab Effect associates Vector Potential.
Ab Effect is the manifests as of Geometric Phases.
Monopole analyzes Spherical Surface.
Spherical Surface is the affects of Path.
Path is the crosses of Singularity.
Quantization Condition is the emerges as of Monopole.
Field Angular Momentum Exchange is the similar to of Optics.
Momentum Exchange is the explains of Angular Momentum.
Momentum Exchange discusss Rotating Frame Of Reference.
Hamiltonian is the describes of Isotropic Oscillator.
Isotropic Oscillator is the invariant under of Angular Momentum.
Angular Momentum is the generates of Rotation.
Rotation is the defines of Axes.
Rotation is the depends on of Frequency.
Rotation is the maintains invariance under of Gauge Invariance.
Gauge Invariance is the satisfies of Lie Algebra.
Quantum Mechanics requires Hilbert Space.
Hilbert Space is the forms of Eigenvectors.
Eigenvectors is the correspond to of Eigenvalues.
Eigenvectors relates Angular Momentum.
Angular Momentum is the originates from of Homotopy Group.
Homotopy Group is the determines of Irreducible Representations.
Irreducible Representations is the enables construction of of Unitary Transformations.
Unitary Transformations is the maps to of Covering Space.
Covering Space relates Euclidean Group.
Euclidean Group is the contains of Covering Groups.
Covering Groups parameterizeds Real Numbers.
Euclidean Group is the satisfies of Lie Algebra.
Quantum Mechanics is the defines of State Space.
State Space requires Scalar Product.
Scalar Product is the operates on of Angular Momentum.
Angular Momentum follows Flux Line.
Flux Line describes Cylindrical Coordinates.
Cylindrical Coordinates uses Coulomb Gauge.
Electron is the affects of Casimir Invariant.
Electron is the operates on of Angular Momentum.
Solonoid is the uses of Flux Quantum Unit.
Flux Quantum Unit is the transforms to of Modular Momentum.
Velocity is the affects of Angular Momentum.
Angular Momentum is the generates of Apparent Forces.
Fictitious Magnetic Field uses Vector Identity.
Recent Experiment motivates Classical Limit.
Modular Variables suggests Topological Arguments.
Modular Variables suggests Modular Angular Momentum Exchange.
Field Theory derives Electromagnetic Field.
Electromagnetic Field is the generates of Angular Momentum Density Tensor.
Angular Momentum Density Tensor is the differs by of Gauge Invariant Tensor.
Gauge Invariant Tensor is the leads to of Surface Terms.
Surface Terms is the results in of Angular Momentum Holonomy.
Vector Potential Term derives Kinetic Momentum.
Angular Momentum Operator relates Gauge Covariant Derivative.
Flux Line With Singularity is the replaces of Solenoid.
Solenoid replaces Flux Line With Singularity.
Flux Line With Singularity is the explains of Modular Angular Momentum Exchange.
Recent Experiment discusss Classical Limit.
S. J. Van Enk collaborates G. Nienhuis.
S. C. Tiwari collaborates Y. Aharonov.
S. C. Tiwari collaborates E. Cohen.
S. C. Tiwari authors E. M. Corson.
S. C. Tiwari authors P. Lowdon.
M. Wakamatsu collaborates S. C. Tiwari.