Hamiltonian Dynamics is the study of Nonlinear Physics.
Hamiltonian Dynamics is the study of Statistical Physics.
Hamiltonian Dynamics is the study of Hamiltonian Systems.
Hamiltonian Systems is the exhibit of Phase Space.
Hamiltonian Systems is the fundamentally different of Chaotic Dynamics.
Hamiltonian Systems is the stickiness of Kolmogorov-Arnold-Moser (Kam) Tori.
Hamiltonian Systems understands Asymptotic Behavior.
Hyperbolic Systems is the fast convergence of Invariant Sets.
Hyperbolic Systems is the fast convergence of Fractal Dimensions.
Hyperbolic Systems is the fast convergence of Escape Rates.
Nonhyperbolic Systems loses Self-Similarity.
Nonhyperbolic Systems is the different from asymptotic behavior of Finite-Scale Behavior.
Nonhyperbolic Systems is the characterization of Effective Dynamical Invariants.
Cantori is the deterministic model of Hamiltonian Systems.
Chain Model defines Fractal Dimension.
Chain Model is the representation of Hyperbolic Systems.
Chain Model is the behavior of Nonhyperbolic Systems.
Chain Model is the deviation from asymptotics of Fractal Dimension.
Chain Model is the introduction of Effective Dynamical Invariants.
Fractal Dimension is the behavior of Effective Dimension.
Particles is the determines of Final State Sensitivity.
Initial Conditions knows Accuracy.
Final State Sensitivity is the determines of Prediction.
Prediction is the differs from of Fraction Of Particles.
Phase Space is the scales as of Fraction Of Particles.
Fraction Of Particles is the important in of Prediction.
Effective Dimension gives Phase Space.
Effective Dimension is the may be different from of Asymptotic Value.
Effective Dimension is the depends on of Asymptotic Value.
Hamiltonian Systems expects Effective Dimension.
Effective Dimension expects Chain Model.
Effective Dimension is the on of Strong Dependence.
Effective Dimension is the on of Weak Dependence.
Effective Dimension is the depends on of Resolution.
Effective Dimension is the depends on of Region.
Effective Dimension is the in of Larger.
Results is the agree with of Predictions.
Effective Dimension haves Properties.
Properties is the may be different from of Asymptotic Value.
Properties is the depends on of Resolution.
Properties is the depends on of Region.
Results is the similar to of Expected Results.
Hamiltonian Systems expects Expected Results.
Fluid Flows is the often hamiltonian of Advection Dynamics.
Fluid Flows expects Nonuniform Convergence.
Fluid Flows is the capable of holding of Time-Periodic Flows.
Fluid Flows expects Time-Irregular Incompressible Flows.
Fluid Flows uses Diffusion Model.
Diffusion Model is the of all particles of Probability Density.
Diffusion Model is the proportional to of Diffusion Rate.
Chaotic Scattering Process localizes Initial Distribution.
Initial Distribution considers Particle.
Particle is the when reaches of Escape.
Particle neglects Return.
Return is the disregard of Boundary Condition.
Solution takes Green Function.
Green Function is the scales as of Bessel Function.
Bessel Function is the for small of Scales.
Distribution is the for large of Decreases.
Fraction Of Particles is the algebraically as of Decays.
Probability Density is the as of Decreases.
Probability Density is the arbitrarily close to of Diverges.
Chain Models uses Describe.
Chain Models uses Study.
Escape Rate is the from of Follows.
Fractal Dimension follows Observation.