Dpvs discovers Small Magellanic Cloud.
Dpvs is the search for of Be Stars.
Be Stars is the search in of Ogle-Ii Database.
Dpvs distinguishs Variables.
Variables is the shows of Photometric Cycles.
Dpvs associates Binary.
Binary associates Short Periodicity.
Binary associates Orbital Period.
Dpvs finds Long Term Variations.
Long Term Variations characterizes Reddish.
Long Term Variations characterizes Non Strictly Constant.
Dpvs is the amounts to of Census.
Census is the in magellanic clouds of 114.
Census is the in our galaxy of 11.
V393Sco recognizes Dpvs.
V393Sco classifys First Dpv.
Aumon reports Long Cycle.
Aumon reports Galactic Dpv.
Aumon reports Additional Long Cycle.
Aumon finds Galactic Dpv.
Aumon is the search in of Asas Database.
Dpvs is the indicates of Mass Loss.
Mass Loss characterizes Interacting Binaries.
Interacting Binaries is the fills roche lobe of Donor.
Donor is the to gainer of Transferring Mass.
Gainer is the receives mass from of Primary.
Dpvs is the probe of Hei Lines.
Hei Lines is the hides of Accretion Disc.
Dpvs observes Hi Line Emission.
Dpvs is the corresponds to of Deeper Dpv Eclipse.
Deeper Dpv Eclipse is the occurs during of Occultation.
Dpvs observes Color-Magnitude Diagram.
Lmc-Dpv1 interprets Loop.
Lmc-Dpv1 indicates Mass Loss.
Lmc-Dpv1 is the shows of Discrete Absorption Components.
Lmc-Dpv1 follows Saw-Teeth Pattern.
Lmc-Dpv1 is the indicates of Orbital Period.
V393Sco explains Phenomenon.
V393Sco observes Infrared Spectra.
V393Sco observes Blue Wings.
V393Sco is the shows of Light Curve.
Light Curve is the indicates of Changes.
V393Sco is the increases during of H Emission Line.
Dpvs is the shows of 2Mass Data.
2Mass Data is the shows of Infrared Excess.
Studied Cases is the always less than one of Mass Ratios.
Singular Characteristics is the suggest of Two Distinct Periodicities.
Dpvs is the propose of Observed.
Dpvs observes Mass Transfer Binaries.
Dpvs is the larger than algols of Mass Transfer Rate.
Dpvs rotates Primary.
Dpvs stops Accretion.
Disc is the starts of Cumulating Mass.
Disc is the from system of Periodically Ejected.
Dpvs is the occurs permanently of Mass Loss.
Mass Loss is the through of Outer Lagrangian Points.
Long Term Periodicity is the implies of Governing.
Supercycle is the cumulates extra matter of Disc.
Disc is the from binary of Expelled.
Hei is the larger during of Rotational Velocity.
Hei is the with supercycle phase of Modulated.
Precession is the into medium of Enhances.
Precession is the into interstellar medium of Mass Loss.
Primary is the experiences of Instabilities.
Primary is the gains of Extra Momentum.
Primary is the relaxes below of Critical Velocity.
Disc is the partly of Escapes.
Additional Studies needs Confirm.
Program initiates Dpvs.
Spectrographs uses High Resolution.
Telescopes uses Robotic.
Dpvs is the view for of Summarize.
Dpvs is the context of of Algols.
Dpvs is the context of of W Serpentid Stars.
Dpvs is the spin down of Tidal Forces.
Tidal Forces is the spin down of Gainer.
Tidal Forces is the increases of Orbital Separation.
Dpvs is the not dpv of Lyr.
Lyr is the indicates of Small Long Period Amplitude.
Ccccc Systems is the concern in other galaxies of Blends.
Dpvs observes Galaxy.
Dpvs is the possibility of of Discarted.