Quantum Phase Transitions is the occurs in of Driving Parameter.
Quantum Phase Transitions is the occurs in of Hamiltonian.
Quantum Phase Transitions is the plays role in of Condensed Matter Physics.
Quantum Phase Transitions characterizes Symmetry Breaking.
Quantum Phase Transitions is the exception of Topological Order.
Topological Order characterizes Signatures.
Many-Body Quantum Systems characterizes Topological Quantum Phase Transition.
Topological Quantum Phase Transition is the obey of Excitations.
Topological Quantum Phase Transition relates Ground-State Degeneracy.
Topological Quantum Phase Transition characterizes Topological Entanglement Entropy.
Spectral Chern Number characterizes 2D System.
Spectral Chern Number characterizes Noninteracting Fermions.
Spectral Chern Number characterizes Energy Gap.
Kitaev Spin Model characterizes Nonlocal-String Order Parameters.
Kitaev Spin Model is the applicable in of Landau Theory.
Kitaev Spin Model studys Brick-Wall Lattice.
Brick-Wall Lattice deforms Honeycomb Lattice.
Brick-Wall Lattice uses Site Labeling.
Kitaev Model studys Hamiltonian.
Kitaev Model is the consists of of Phases.
Kitaev Model is the equivalent to of Band Insulator Phase.
Kitaev Model defines Abelian Anyons.
Kitaev Model defines Vortices.
Kitaev Model applys External Magnetic Field.
Kitaev Model uses Perturbation Theory.
Kitaev Model is the corresponds to of Third-Order Perturbation.
Kitaev Model is the extensively studied in of Spectrum.
Extended Kitaev Model solves Torus.
Extended Kitaev Model is the focus on of Abelian Anyons.
Extended Kitaev Model is the focus on of Non-Abelian Anyons.
Extended Kitaev Model applys Jordan-Wigner Transformation.
Extended Kitaev Model introduces Majorana Fermions.
Extended Kitaev Model obtains Ground State.
Extended Kitaev Model analyzes Directional Derivative.
Extended Kitaev Model studys Critical Line.
Extended Kitaev Model analyzes Entanglement.
Extended Kitaev Model analyzes Von Neumann Entropy.
Extended Kitaev Model analyzes Correlation Functions.
Extended Kitaev Model uses Hellmann-Feynman Theorem.
Hellmann-Feynman Theorem derives Density Matrix.
Correlation Functions is the determines of Ground-State Energy.
Correlation Functions is the signals quantum phase transition of Von Neumann Entropy.
Correlation Functions is the determines of Bipartite Entanglement.
Ground-State Energy is the characterizes of Quantum Phase Transition.
Von Neumann Entropy is the characterizes of Quantum Phase Transition.
Bipartite Entanglement is the characterizes of Quantum Phase Transition.
Ground-State Energy is the characterizes of Topological Quantum Phase Transition.
Bipartite Entanglement is the characterizes of Topological Quantum Phase Transition.
Kitaev Spin Model relates Topological Quantum Phase Transition.
Z.D. Wang haves Y. Chen.
J.Q.Y. supports X.F.S..
J.Q.Y. supports National Basic Research Program Of China.
J.Q.Y. supports National Natural Science Foundation Of China.
J.Q.Y. supports Most International Collaboration Program.
F.N. supports U.S. National Security Agency.
F.N. supports Laboratory For Physical Sciences.
F.N. supports U.S. Army Research Office.
F.N. supports National Science Foundation.
E.H. Lieb is the equivalence with of Kitaev-Type Models.
Y. Yu is the see also of Z.Q. Wang.
Y. Yu publishs Europhys Lett.
Y. Yu publishs Nucl B.