Dilute Degenerate Bose And Fermi Gases relates Cold Atom Gases.
Dilute Degenerate Bose And Fermi Gases is the lead to of Interaction Strengths.
Interaction Strengths is the can be tuned by of External Magnetic Field.
External Magnetic Field is the leads to of Feshbach Resonance.
Born - Oppenheimer Potential Curves couples Feshbach Resonance.
Born - Oppenheimer Potential Curves couples Hyperfine Hamiltonian.
Feshbach Resonance classifys Broad Feshbach Resonance.
Feshbach Resonance classifys Narrow Feshbach Resonance.
Unitary Regime sets Average Interparticle Spacing.
Unitary Regime is the depends on of Energy Per Particle.
Fermi Pressure is the prevents of Two - Component Fermi System.
Two - Component Fermi System is the equal mass and number of Spin - Up.
Two - Component Fermi System is the equal mass and number of Spin - Down.
Fermi Wave Vector is the depends on of Fermi Pressure.
Phase Diagram Of Liquid Helium is the differs from of Energy Per Particle.
Two - Body Potential is the depends on of Short - Range Behavior.
Spherical Symmetric Interaction Potential is the depends on of Relative Distance.
Two - Component Fermi System takes Ground State Wavefunction.
Two-Body Arguments requires Length Scale.
Two-Body Arguments motivates Bose System.
Bose System is the proposes of Proportionality Constant.
Bose System is the describes of Energy Per Particle.
Bose System is the interacts through of Square-Well Potential.
Square-Well Potential haves Range.
Dimensionless Parameter is the determines powers of Range.
Dimensionless Parameter is the determines powers of Density.
Dimensionless Parameter is the ensures correct units of Energy Per Particle.
Locv Equations is the solves for of One-Component Bose System.
One-Component Bose System is the determines energy of two-component systems of Locv Energy.
One-Component Bose System is the determines energy of fermi systems of Locv Energy.
Locv Equations is the solves for of Density.
Locv Equations is the solves for of Angular Momenta.
Locv Equations is the adjusts of Depth.
Depth is the adjusts of Energy-Dependent Generalized Scattering Length.
Energy-Dependent Generalized Scattering Length is the ensures of Diverges.
Energy-Dependent Generalized Scattering Length is the infinitely strongly interacting of Diverges.
Energy-Dependent Scattering Length is the sets to infinity of Infinity.
Energy-Dependent Scattering Length is the ensures infinitely strong interaction of Infinity.
Energy-Dependent Scattering Length is the sets to infinity of Zero-Energy Scattering Length.
Zero-Energy Scattering Length is the effectively interacts through finite scattering length of Infinity.
Proportionality Constants is the summarizes of Values.
Energy Per Particle is the obtains from of Two-Component Fermi Systems.
Locv Solutions is the uses for of Liquid Branch.
Locv Solutions is the uses for of Gas Branch.
Locv Solutions is the determines at unitarity of Energy Per Particle.
Locv Solutions bes Energy Per Particle.
Locv Solutions bes Energy Per Particle.
Locv Solutions gos Energy Per Particle.
Locv Solutions is the implies mechanical instability of Energy Per Particle.
Locv Solutions is the compete of Energy Terms.
Locv Solutions is the leads to of Energy Minimum.
Locv Solutions is the investigates of Dependence.
Mean-Field Treatments is the predicts proportional to of Energy.
Mean-Field Treatments is the characterizes of Range Parameter.
Locv Method is the neglects of Three- And Higher-Order Correlations.
Locv Method is the governs of Two-Body Correlations.
Locv Method is the reduces to of Many-Body System.
Locv Method is the reduces to of Two-Body Problem.
Locv Method is the allows of Reduced Numerical Effort.
Locv Method is the interprets of Formalism.
Locv Method is the draws of Parallels.
Locv Method is the corrects by dimer binding energy of Energy Per Particle.
Locv Method is the investigates of Dilute Two-Component Fermi Gases.
Locv Method is the may be partially due to of Cancellation.
Locv Method is the determines existence down to zero density of Liquid Branch.
Locv Method is the determines energy per particle of Angular Momentum Interactions.
Locv Method is the predicts of Dimensionless Exponent.
Locv Method is the predicts of Proportionality Constants.
Locv Method is the defines of Universal Regime.
Locv Method is the writes in terms of of Length.
Locv Method gives Geometric Combination.
Locv Method is the allows of Prediction.
Locv Method is the predicts of Two-Component Fermi Gases.
Locv Method is the may not be the best choice of Functional Form.
Locv Method bes Energy Scales.