Humankind is the accrues of A Priori Knowledge.
Homo Sapiens is the displays of Cave Paintings.
Homo Sapiens is the displays of Research Papers.
Species is the displays of Desire Toward Sedimentation.
Species is the displays of Documentary.
Encyclopedia is the contains of Set Of Documents.
Encyclopedia is the contains of Field Of Human Knowledge.
Encyclopedia is the devote expertise to of Experts.
Media is the utilizes of Publish Encyclopedias.
Media takes Technological Developments.
Media is the utilizes of Handwriting.
Media is the utilizes of Letterpress Printing.
Media is the utilizes of Optical Disks.
Media takes Information Technology.
Media is the utilizes of World Wide Web.
Media is the offers of References.
Media is the offers of Up-To-Date Information.
Media is the enables of Editing.
Traditional Encyclopedias is the enables of Improvement.
Traditional Encyclopedias is the enables of New Media.
Traditional Encyclopedias is the enables of Challengers.
Wikipedia represents Collective Intelligence.
Wikipedia is the utilize in of Scientific Context.
Wikipedia is the contains of Academic Errors.
Wikipedia is the contains of Factual Errors.
Wikipedia is the contains of Omissions.
Wikipedia is the contains of Peer-Reviewed Scientific Articles.
Scholars is the appeals to of Analyze Wikipedia.
Scholars is the investigate of Editors.
Scholars is the investigate of Occurrence And Resolving Of Conflicts In Wikipedia.
Scholars is the focus on of Previous Studies.
Scholars is the investigate of Edit History.
Scholars develops Agent-Based Model.
Scholars is the examine of Growth Patterns.
Scholars provides Collective Knowledge.
Scholars is the affects of Progress Of Humankind.
Scholars is the affects of Temporal Scales.
Scholars is the hope to solve of Fundamental Questions.
Collaboration is the affects of Collective Memory.
Collective Memory is the affects of Knowledge.
Data Set is the introduce of English Wikipedia Articles.
Data Set is the contains of Edit Events.
Data Set is the contains of Edits.
Data Set is the contains of Editor.
Data Set is the contains of Article Size.
Byte is the measures of Article Size.
Editing Events is the participate in of Logged-In Editors.
Editing Events is the participate in of Anonymous Editors.
Bias is the affects of Ip Addresses.
Bias is the affects of Locations.
Bias is the affects of Home Internet Connection Methods.
Home Internet Connection Methods is the allocate of Digital Subscriber Line.
Home Internet Connection Methods is the allocate of Dial-Up.
Home Internet Connection Methods is the allocate of Cable.
Home Internet Connection Methods is the allocate of Fiber To The Home.
U.S. Market Share is the dominate of Ip Addresses.
U.S. Market Share is the provide of Ip Addresses.
U.S. Market Share considers Ip Addresses.
Edit Event follows Time Differences.
Edit Event is the indicates of Burstiness.
Edit Event is the implies of Daily Periodic Pattern.
Previous Studies is the neglect of Article Size Changes.
Previous Studies is the neglect of Real Timestamps.
Previous Studies is the neglect of Nature Of Wikipedia.
Consecutive Edits is the reveals of Regularity.
Consecutive Edits is the reveals of Article Age.
Consecutive Edits follows Fat-Tailed Distribution.
Consecutive Edits follows Human Circadian Rhythm.
Consecutive Edits is the refers to of Edit War.
Consecutive Edits is the not an unbiased proxy of time of Edit Number.
Consecutive Edits is the counterposes to of Global Media.
Consecutive Edits is the dominates of Native English Speakers.
Consecutive Edits is the affects of Circadian Pattern.
Consecutive Edits is the mainly driven by of Editing Events.
Consecutive Edits is the affects of Cultural Backgrounds.
Consecutive Edits is the affects of Interediting Time.
Consecutive Edits is the affects of Growth.
Consecutive Edits is the mainly of Addition And Subtraction.
Consecutive Edits is the independent of of Characteristic Size Scale.
Consecutive Edits is the counterposes to of Open-Source Software.
Consecutive Edits is the counterposes to of Mammalian Body Masses.
Consecutive Edits is the influence becomes smaller as article size is increased of Single Edit.
Consecutive Edits is the affects of Time Scale.
Edit_Scale_Of_Wikipedia is the employs of Rescaled Measures.
Edit_Scale_Of_Wikipedia is the recruits into the same ground for analysis of Growth Per Unit Time.
Edit_Scale_Of_Wikipedia is the search for of Interplay.
Edit_Scale_Of_Wikipedia is the considers of Formation Of Current Wikipedia.
Edit_Scale_Of_Wikipedia is the varies gradually as a function of the number of editors of Number Of Edits.
Edit_Scale_Of_Wikipedia is the characterizes of Bimodality.
Edit_Scale_Of_Wikipedia is the determines of Proportionality Constants.
Editors is the produces of Articles.
Articles haves Average_Article_Size.
Average_Article_Size produces Editors.
Average_Article_Size describes Linear_Dependency.
Linear_Dependency haves Upper_Mode.
Linear_Dependency haves Lower_Mode.
Editors is the generate of Bytes.
Bytes is the belongs to of Articles.
Relations is the describes of Bimodality.
Bimodality is the describes of Relations.
Relations bases Criteria.
Criteria is the classifies of Articles.
Society reflects Preferences.
Society reflects Editability.
Preferences is the depends on of Credibility.
Preferences relates Topics.
Credibility is the affects of Society.
Topics is the affects of Society.
Topics includes Subcultures.
Subcultures is the involves of Editors.
Subcultures is the involves of Creators.
Editability is the depends on of Psychological_Barriers.
Editability is the depends on of Desires.
Psychological_Barriers is the affects of Knowledge.
Desires is the affects of Knowledge.
Desires is the influences of Topics.
Knowledge is the guides of Social_Movements.
Effort represents Editors.
Attachment represents Editors.
Information is the affects of Editors.
Information is the affects of Psychological_Barriers.
Agents connects Articles.
Agents haves Opinion.
Agents connects Network.
Opinion haves Conservatism.
Opinion haves Progressivism.
Agents follows Media.
Agents is the relies on of References.
Media represents Society.
References represents Society.
Network is the indicates of Relationships.
Edit is the attempts of Agents.
Edit is the modifies of Articles.
Update_Rules is the describes of Agents.
Conflicts is the resolves of Agents.
Simulation is the involves of Agents.
Length haves Parameters.
Parameters is the affects of Agents.
Parameters is the affects of Length.
Parameters is the affects of Edit.
Parameters is the affects of Update.
Parameters is the affects of Append.
Parameters is the affects of Replace.
Arguments is the affects of Update.
Ratio is the relates to of Length.
Page_View_Statistics is the compares of Google_Ngram_Data_Set.
2014 mentions Google 1-Gram.
Google 1-Gram mentions 2008.
Xmath75 is the describes of Xmath76.
Xmath77 is the versus of Xmath78.
Xmath78 is the versus of Xmath79.
Xmath80 classifys Xmath46.
Xmath46 is the crucial for of Agent_Agent_Dynamics.
Xmath46 is the crucial for of Agent_Wiki_Dynamics.
Agent_Wiki_Dynamics is the indispensable for of Bimodality.
Xmath57 is the essential for of Bimodality.
Bimodality is the yields of Modelresults.
Modelresults is the suggests of Modelverify.
Modelverify is the estimator of of Dataset.
Dataset is the contains of 2008.
Dataset is the contains of Xmath76.
Xmath76 filters Xmath0.
Xmath46 is the estimator of of Xmath7-Gram.
Xmath46 is the estimator of of Agent_Wiki_Dynamics.
Xmath86 is the ratio of of Xmath87.
Xmath86 is the heterogeneity for of Gini.
Gini is the trend of of Xmath88.
Gini is the trend of of Xmath89.
Gini is the analysis of of Bimodality.
Gini is the analysis of of Xmath57.
Xmath57 is the induces of Gini.
Gini is the induces of Xmath57.
Xmath57 is the limited effect on of Xmath87.
Bimodality is the supports of Gini.
Xmath57 is the limited effect on of Bimodality.
Bimodality is the supports of Gini.
Open-Source Movement extends Dataset.
H. Hasan is the developed of Corporate Wiki.
C. Pfaff is the developed of Corporate Wiki.
Corporate Wiki presents Information Systems Foundations.