Superconductors haves Phase Diagram.
Phase Diagram determines Nematic Order.
Phase Diagram includes Copper-Oxide Superconductors.
Phase Diagram includes Iron-Based Superconductors.
Nematic Order is the accompanies of Vortex Cores.
Clean Fese Films studys Scanning Tunneling Microscopy.
Scanning Tunneling Microscopy studys Vortex Cores.
Vortex Cores studys Landau-Ginzburg Theory.
Landau-Ginzburg Theory describes Order Parameters.
Order Parameters includes Complex Field.
Order Parameters includes Real Field.
Order Parameters controls Free Energy.
Free Energy is the affects of Anisotropy.
Free Energy couples Electromagnetic Field.
Free Energy is the affects of Coherence Length.
Free Energy is the affects of Healing Length.
Free Energy describes Lg Functional.
Lg Functional is the affects of London Penetration Depth.
Lg Functional is the affects of Finite Grid.
Uniform Ground State is the affects of Critical Point.
Vortex Solution describes Mean-Field Phase Diagram.
Mean-Field Phase Diagram is the determines of Eigenvalue Problem.
Eigenvalue Problem is the leads to of Phase I.
Eigenvalue Problem is the leads to of Phase Ii.
Eigenvalue Problem is the leads to of Phase Iii.
Phase I favors Eigenvalue.
Phase Ii favors Eigenvalue.
Phase Iii favors Eigenvalue.
Eigenvalue is the determines of Critical Line.
Critical Line is the divides of Disk Geometry.
Lvsg is the shows of Gam2L0P1.
Lvsg is the shows of Gam0P5L0P5.
Lvsg is the shows of Gam1L3.
Phis obtains Lvsg.
Appasym describes Boundary.
Phases is the analyzes of Lvsg.
Coex is the analyzes of Lvsg.
Lingl analyzes Mod.
Mod is the relates to of Lvsg.
Boundary imposes Lvsg.
Bogoliubov - De Gennes Equations is the complementary to of Phenomenological Ginzburg - Landau Approach.
Research supports National Science Foundation.
Research supports Dmr-1103860.
Research supports Dmr-0705472.
Research supports Muri Grant From Afosr.
D.C. is the acknowledgement to of Gilad Ben-Shach.
D.C. is the acknowledgement to of Physics Department At Harvard University.
D.C. is the acknowledgement to of E.M. Purcell Fellowship.
Lg Functional associates Instability.
Lg Functional associates Free Energy.
Energy Gain is the dominates over of Instability.
Instability Prevention Term allows Symmetry.
Boundary Term is the arises from of Superconducting Order Parameter.
Boundary Term plays Finite System.
Superconducting Order Parameter is the contains of Gradient Term.
Nematic Order is the in the presence of of Boundary Condition.
Disk Geometry finds Boundary Effects.
Disk Geometry considers Non-Circularly Symmetric Solution.
Disk Geometry is the small in the solution close to the vortex core of Boundary Effects.
Asymptotics is the analyze in the case of of Field.
Field is the far away from of Vortex Core.
Field is the in the case of of Nematic Order.
Landau-Ginzburg Equation derives Non-Linear Equation.
Initial Conditions determines Solution.
Solution is the subject to of Boundary Conditions.
Numerical Solution follows Power Law.
Power Law is the crosses over to of Logarithmic Region.
Logarithmic Region is the expectation of of Equilibrium Value.
Small System is the ignores in the limit of of Surface Term.
Surface Term is the arises from of Gradient Term.
Current is the zero perpendicular to of Perpendicular.
Polar Coordinates writes Boundary Condition.
Equilibrium is the corresponds to of Equations.
Magnetic Field is the induces in of Antiferromagnetic Order.
Cuprate Superconductors references Nature.
Cuprate Superconductors references Science.
Nature cites Pnas.