Vector Meson is the property change of Strongly Interacting Matter.
Vector Meson is the property change of Finite Baryon Density.
Vector Meson is the property change of Temperature.
Vector Meson is the focus of Heavy-Ion Experiments.
Heavy-Ion Experiments is the utilizes of Detector Hades.
Heavy-Ion Experiments is the conducts at of Heavy-Ion Synchrotron Sis18.
Heavy-Ion Synchrotron Sis18 locates Gsi.
Heavy-Ion Synchrotron Sis18 locates Darmstadt.
Heavy-Ion Experiments is the measures modifications via of Light Vector Meson.
Light Vector Meson measures Decay Channel.
Future Experiments plans Sis100/200.
Future Experiments is the study of Baryon Matter.
Baryon Matter relates Expected Strong Changes Of The In-Medium Hadrons.
Light Mesons relates Chiral Symmetry Restoration.
Light Mesons relates Finite Temperature.
Light Mesons relates Baryon Density.
Vector Meson Correlators relates Mixed In Accordance With In-Medium Weinberg Sum Rules.
Vector Meson Correlators is the causes of Increasing Degeneracy Of Vector And Axial-Vector Spectral Functions.
Vector Meson Correlators is the results in of Decrease Of The @Xmath0 And @Xmath7 Meson Mass Splitting.
Scalar Correlators is the leads to of Degeneracy With Pseudo-Scalar Correlators.
Scalar Correlators is the results in of Considerable Enhancement Of The @Xmath8 Meson Spectral Function.
Scalar Correlators relates Finite Temperature And Density.
Model Calculations is the results in of Predict Rather Moderate And Different Mass Shifts For @Xmath0 And @Xmath1 Mesons In A Dense Medium.
Model Calculations requires To Match Both Sets Of Predictions.
Model Calculations governs In-Medium Vector Meson Modification Governed By @Xmath11 And Condensates Of Higher Order.
Model Calculations is the deals with of Scattering Amplitudes In Free Space.
Model Calculations includes Effects Related To The In-Medium Change Of The Qcd Condensates Should Be Included.
Qcd Sum Rules develops First Developed In.
Qcd Sum Rules achieves Agreement With The Brown-Rho Scaling In Nuclear Matter.
Qcd Sum Rules is the indicates of No Inevitable Necessity For In-Medium Dropping Of The Vector Meson Masses.
Qcd Sum Rules correlates Global Changes Of Mesons Like Mass Shift And Width Broadening Correlated In Nuclear Matter.
Qcd Sum Rules is the incorporates of Incorporate In-Medium Qcd Condensates Through Qcd Sum Rules.
Qcd Sum Rules is the highlights of Important Role Of The 4-Quark Condensate For Spectral Modifications Of The @Xmath0 And @Xmath1 Mesons In Baryon Matter.
Qcd Sum Rules is the presents of Systematic Evaluation Of The Sum Rule For @Xmath0 And @Xmath1 Mesons.
Qcd Sum Rules is the considers of Case Of The @Xmath2 Meson.
Qcd Sum Rules includes Summary And A Discussion.
Qcd Sum Rules is the summarizes of Vacuum @Xmath0 Self-Energy.
Qcd Sum Rules is the summarizes of @Xmath15 Meson-Nucleon Scattering Amplitudes.
Qcd Sum Rules is the reports of Technical Details.
Qcd Sum Rules is the lists of Relevant Equations For The Borel Qcd Sum Rule.
Qcd Sum Rules is the considers of In-Medium Vector Mesons @Xmath16 Considered As Resonances In The Current-Current Correlation Function.
Qcd Sum Rules is the focuses on of Focus On The Ground State Of Low-Density Baryon Matter.
Qcd Sum Rules is the approximates by of Fermi Gas With Nucleon Density.
Qcd Sum Rules is the considers of Isospin Symmetric Nuclear Matter.
Qcd Sum Rules is the defines of Quark Field Operators For Vector Meson Currents.
Qcd Sum Rules is the reduces to of Correlator Reduced To @Xmath24 For A Vector Meson At Rest.
Qcd Sum Rules is the satisfies of Correlator @Xmath26 Satisfies The Twice Subtracted Dispersion Relation.
Qcd Sum Rules is the uses of Operator Product Expansion Used To Evaluate The Correlation Function.
Qcd Sum Rules is the applies of Borel Transformation Of The Dispersion Relation.
Qcd Sum Rules is the derives of Basic Qsr Equation Derived.
Qcd Sum Rules provides Advantages Of The Borel Transformation.
Qcd Sum Rules is the calculates of Density Dependence Of The Condensates Calculated.
Qcd Sum Rules is the employs of Standard Linear Density Approximation Employed For The Chiral Quark Condensate.
Qcd Sum Rules is the obtains of Gluon Condensate Obtained Using The Qcd Trace Anomaly.
Qcd Sum Rules is the calculates of Vacuum Gluon Condensate.
Qcd Sum Rules includes Mass Dimension-6 4-Quark Condensates Included In The Coefficient.
Qcd Sum Rules is the estimates of 4-Quark Condensates Density Dependence Estimated Using The Mean-Field Approximation.
Qcd Sum Rules is the introduces of Parameterization For The In-Medium 4-Quark Condensate Introduced.
Qcd Sum Rules is the controls of Parameter @Xmath56 Used To Control The Deviation Of The In-Medium 4-Quark Condensate.
Qcd Sum Rules is the varied of Parameter @Xmath3 Poorly Constrained And Varied To Estimate Contribution Of 4-Quark Condensates To The Qsr.