Hadronic Matter is the phase transition of Quarks.
Hadronic Matter is the phase transition of Gluons.
Hadronic Matter is the restores of Chiral Symmetry.
Neutron Stars is the study of Supernuclear Densities.
Neutron Stars is the study of Neutron Star Properties.
Quark Matter Phase models Mit Bag Model.
Quark Matter Phase models Fermi Gas.
Quark Matter Phase introduces Bag Constant.
Nuclear Matter composes Strange Stars.
Nuclear Matter is the ground state of Neutron Star Matter.
Nuclear Matter is the stable of Neutron Star Matter.
Neutron Star Matter is the possibility of Strange Stars.
Nambu Jona-Lasinio Model investigates Neutron Star Matter.
Nambu Jona-Lasinio Model applys Neutron Star Matter.
Nambu Jona-Lasinio Model is the describes quark phase of Neutron Star Matter.
Nambu Jona-Lasinio Model is the describes quark phase of Neutron Star Matter.
Nambu Jona-Lasinio Model applys Neutron Star Matter.
Nambu Jona-Lasinio Model applys Neutron Star Matter.
Equation Of State investigates Neutron Star Structure.
Relativistic Mean Field Model parametrizes Neutron Star Structure.
Relativistic Mean Field Model is the use for confined phase of Neutron Star Structure.
Relativistic Mean Field Model is the use for high densities of Neutron Star Structure.
Relativistic Mean Field Model is the use for low densities of Neutron Star Structure.
Relativistic Mean Field Model is the use for mixed phase of Neutron Star Structure.
Relativistic Mean Field Model is the use for hadronic phase of Neutron Star Structure.
Relativistic Mean Field Model is the use for quark phase of Neutron Star Structure.
Relativistic Mean Field Model is the use for both phases of Neutron Star Structure.
Equation Of State is the apply to internal structure of Neutron Star Structure.
Neutron Stars is the range of densities of Densities.
Neutron Stars is the range of properties of Neutron Star Properties.
Neutron Stars is the predictions of Neutron Star Properties.
Fermi Energy is the relation of Chemical Potential.
Gap Equation is the relation of Flavor Species.
Gap Equation is the relation of Constituent Quark Mass.
Effective Bag Pressure is the relation of Quark Density.
Neutrinos is the relation of Neutron Star.
Neutron is the relation of Quark Particle.
Electron is the relation of Quark Particle.
Quark Particle is the relation of Charge Neutral System.
Quark Particle is the relation of Quark Matter.
Quark Particle is the relation of Quark Condensate.
Quark Particle is the relation of Effective Quark Mass.
Quark Particle is the relation of Bag Pressure.
Quark Particle is the relation of Energy Density.
Quark Particle is the relation of Total Energy Density.
Quark Particle is the relation of Pressure.
Quark Particle is the relation of Energy Per Baryon.
Quark Particle is the relation of Total Pressure.
Quark Particle is the relation of Baryon Chemical Potential.
Energy Density Relation is the relation of Tolman-Oppenheimer-Volkoff Equation.
Mass-Radius Relation is the relation of Neutron Star.
Phase Transition is the relation of Quark Matter.
Quark haves Momenta.
Quark relates Cut-Off Schemes.
Quark relates Pauli Principle.
Quark relates Njl Model.
Density is the causes of Fermi Momenta.
Density is the causes of Medium Effects.
Density is the leads to of Perturbation Theory.
Chiral Symmetry is the affects of Eos.
Neutron Star is the contains of Goldstone Bosons.
Neutron Star is the contains of Mesons.
Goldstone Bosons is the transforms into of Quark-Antiquark Pairs.
Constituent Quark Masses is the affects of Quark-Antiquark Pairs.
Charge Neutrality requires Chemical Equilibrium.
Chemical Equilibrium requires Gibbs Condition.
Energy Density is the affects of Phase Transition.
Hybrid Star is the contains of Neutron Star Matter.
Hybrid Star requires Charge Neutrality.
Hybrid Star is the consists of of Two-Component System.
Tov Equations is the relates to of Central Energy Density.
Central Energy Density is the leads to of Critical Energy Density.
Central Energy Density is the causes of Instability.
Strange Quark Mass is the affects of Nuclear Density.
Relativistic Mean Field Models includes Hyperons.
Relativistic Mean Field Models is the affects of Confinement Forces.
Nambu Jona-Lasinio Model includes Chiral Symmetry Breaking.
Nambu Jona-Lasinio Model includes Low Lying Mesons.
Nambu Jona-Lasinio Model is the affects of Restoration Of Chiral Symmetry.
Nambu Jona-Lasinio Model is the affects of Effective Bag Pressure.
Neutron Star is the phase structure of Quark Matter.
Njl Model is the description of Quark Matter.
Mit Bag Model is the description of Quark Matter.
Mit Bag Model includes One-Gluon Exchange.
Njl Model is the feature of Constituent Strange Quark Mass.
Njl Model is the comparison of Effective Strange Quark Mass.
Qcd is the finite temperature of Lattice Calculations.
Qcd is the description of Perturbation Theory.
Njl Model is the nonperturbative effects of Perturbation Theory.
Njl Model is the presence of Phase Transition.
Njl Model is the crucial of Effective Strange Quark Mass.
Njl Model is the comparison of Mit Bag Model.
Neutron Star is the existence of Quark Matter.
Neutron Star is the exclusion of Deconfined Quark Matter.
Njl Model is the delay of Deconfined Quark Matter.
Njl Model models Hadronic Phase.
Njl Model is the influence of Strange Quark Mass.
Njl Model is the usage of Parameter Set.
Njl Model is the treatment of Hartree Approximation.
Njl Model is the influence of Mean Field Approximation.
Njl Model is the order change of Chiral Phase Transition.
Effective Strange Quark Mass favors Quark Matter.