Cross-Correlation Techniques is the measure of Velocity Shifts.
Cross-Correlation Techniques mentions Simkin 1972.
Cross-Correlation Techniques mentions Lacy 1977.
Cross-Correlation Techniques mentions Tonry & Davis 1979.
Cross-Correlation Techniques mentions Massive Digital Spectroscopic Surveys.
Massive Digital Spectroscopic Surveys includes Galaxies.
Massive Digital Spectroscopic Surveys includes Stars.
Massive Digital Spectroscopic Surveys mentions Sloan Digital Sky Survey (Sdss).
Sloan Digital Sky Survey (Sdss) mentions Adelman-Mccarthy Et Al. 2007.
Sloan Digital Sky Survey (Sdss) mentions York Et Al. 2000.
Sloan Digital Sky Survey (Sdss) includes Galactic Stars.
Sloan Digital Sky Survey (Sdss) extends Segue.
Segue mentions Rockosi 2005.
Segue mentions Yanny 2005.
Galactic Stars mentions Rave.
Rave mentions Steinmetz Et Al. 2006.
Galactic Stars mentions Gaia Satellite.
Gaia Satellite mentions Katz Et Al. 2004.
Cross-Correlation Techniques is the involves of Templates.
Cross-Correlation Function is the involves of Data Filtering.
Cross-Correlation Function is the involves of Error Determination.
Cross-Correlation Function mentions Zucker & Mazeh 2006.
Spectroscopic Survey is the measures of Doppler Shifts.
Spectroscopic Survey is the collects of Spectra.
Spectra is the measures of Relative Velocity.
Spectra is the measures of Radial Velocities.
Spectra includes Spectral Range.
Spectra is the involves of Interpolation.
Spectra is the involves of Grating Spectroscopy.
Spectra is the affects of Refraction Index.
Spectra is the affects of Wavelength Scale.
Spectra is the affects of Pixel.
Spectra is the affects of Uniform Uncertainties.
Spectra is the affects of Primed Values.
Spectra is the affects of Systematic Errors.
Spectra is the affects of Random Errors.
Spectra is the affects of Signal-To-Noise Ratios.
Spectra is the affects of Resolving Power.
Spectra is the affects of Flux.
Spectra is the affects of Magnitude.
Spectra is the uses of Noise Model.
Noise Model is the uses of Monte-Carlo Simulations.
Noise Model is the uses of Gaussians.
Noise Model is the uses of Polynomials.
Noise Model is the uses of Covariance Matrix.
Spectra is the uses of Digital Cross-Correlation.
Digital Cross-Correlation is the involves of Statistical Improvement.
Digital Cross-Correlation is the involves of Weighted Average.
Spectra is the affects of Spectral Resolution.
Sdss Spectrographs locates Apache Point Observatory.
Apache Point Observatory mentions Gunn Et Al..
Sdss Spectrographs is the obtains of Fluxes.
Fluxes is the affects of Uncertainties.
Fluxes is the involves of Least-Squares Fitting.
Fluxes is the uses of Polynomial Approximation.
Fluxes is the uses of Erg.
Fluxes is the uses of Sdss Data Base.
Fluxes is the affects of Photon Noise.
Fluxes is the affects of Flat-Fielding.
Fluxes is the affects of Scattered Light Corrections.
Elodie.3 Database mentions Moultaka Et Al. 2004.
Elodie.3 Database mentions Prugniel & Soubiran 2001.
Elodie.3 Database is the uses of Elodie Spectrograph.
Elodie.3 Database locates Haute Provence.
Elodie.3 Database is the measures of Radial Velocity.
Elodie.3 Database includes F- And G-Type Stellar Spectra.
Elodie.3 Database includes Thick-Disk Turn-Off Star.
Elodie.3 Database is the affects of Wavelength Scale.
Elodie.3 Database is the affects of Vacuum.
Elodie.3 Database is the affects of Pixel.
Elodie.3 Database includes Test Spectra.
Test Spectra mentions Xcf.
Xcf is the mentions of Cross-Correlation Function.
Cross-Correlation Function is the measures of Velocity.
Polynomial is the performance of Poorest Performance.
Polynomial uses Cross-Correlation.
Fourier Space is the computation method of Cross-Correlation.
Correlation Theorem uses Fourier Space.
Fast Fourier Transforms is the calculation method of Fourier Space.
Galactic Stars limits Velocity Offsets.
Galactic Escape Velocity limits Velocity Offsets.
Pixels is the correspond to of Velocity Offsets.
Array is the center of of C.
Self-Improvement Technique tests Datasets.
Datasets includes Spectra.
Spectra uses Matrix.
Wavelengths is the common to of Spectra.
Velocity Measurements derives Radial Velocities.
Templates uses Radial Velocities.
Signal-To-Noise Ratio is the affects accuracy of of Radial Velocities.
Absolute Scale links Radial Velocities.
Segue Survey is the involves of G-Type Turn-Off Stars.
Radial Velocity Standards uses Radial Velocities.
Zucker & Mazeh Algorithm compares Radial Velocities.
Error Determination is the impacts of Radial Velocities.