Anderson predicts Anderson Localization.
Electron is the moves in of Anderson Localization.
Quantum States localizes Anderson Localization.
Two Interacting Particles is the leads to of Delocalization.
Cooper Pair is the plays role in of Superconductivity.
Superconductor-Insulator Transitions observes Superconductivity.
Superfluid Density is the affects of Superconductivity.
Hamiltonian is the describes of Bcs Theory.
Excitation Energy is the considers of Bcs Theory.
Block-Scaling Picture is the explains of Interactions.
Eigenstates is the extends to of Block-Scaling Picture.
Band Width is the defines of Block-Scaling Picture.
Fermi Sea is the simulates of Block-Scaling Picture.
Lattice Spacing is the measures of Block-Scaling Picture.
Ground State is the considers of Block-Scaling Picture.
Fermi Level is the above of Block-Scaling Picture.
Excitation Energy is the relates to of Block-Scaling Picture.
Numerical Calculations is the uses of Lanczos Algorithm.
Disorder Potential is the applies to of Numerical Calculations.
Participation Ratio is the measures of Localization Length.
Dirty Superconductors discusss Superfluid Density.
Superfluid Density reduces Disorder.
Superfluid Density expects Energy Of The Wave Function.
Energy Of The Wave Function is the sensitive to of Boundary Conditions.
Energy Of The Wave Function is the less sensitive to of Clean System.
Disorder is the stronger effect on of Boundary Conditions.
Interaction is the increase of Binding Energy.
Interaction is the increase of Effective Mass.
Pair is the increase of Binding Energy.
Pair is the increase of Localization Length.
Interaction is the increase of Disorder.
Binding Energy obtains Density Of States.
Density Of States is the where of Average Density Of States.
Density Of States is the where of Noise Due To Disorder.
Binding Energy derives Average Density Of States.
Average Density Of States is the where of Binding Energy.
Average Density Of States is the where of Noise Due To Disorder.
Average Density Of States is the where of Noise Due To Disorder.
Noise Due To Disorder is the about of Moments.
Moments is the expresses over of Correlation.
Correlation is the of the order of of Single-Particle Level Spacing.
Moments averages R. A. Rmer.
Moments averages M. Schreiber.
R. A. Rmer publishs Phys. Lett * 78 * , 515 ( 1997 ).
M. Schreiber publishs Phys. Lett. * 78 * , 4890 ( 1997 ).
K. Frahm publishs Lett. * 78 * , 4889 ( 1997 ).
T. Vojta publishs R. A. Rmer And M. Schreiber , Cond-Mat/9702241.