Magnetic Fields is the contribute to of Ionized Astrophysical Fluids.
Ionized Astrophysical Fluids is the exist in of Solar And Stellar Atmospheres.
Ionized Astrophysical Fluids is the exist in of Interstellar Medium.
Ionized Astrophysical Fluids is the exist in of Star-Forming Regions.
Magnetic Fields is the contribute to of Hydromagnetic Waves.
Hydromagnetic Waves is the propagate through of Ambipolar Diffusion.
Ambipolar Diffusion is the affect of Interstellar Medium.
Neutrals couples Ions.
Ions ties Magnetic Fields.
Neutrals is the imperfectly coupled to of Ions.
Neutrals is the drag on of Ions.
Ambipolar Filamentation is the cause of Magnetic Fields.
Magnetized Plasma stirs Hydromagnetic Turbulence.
Ambipolar Filamentation is the occur in of Magnetized Plasma.
Magnetized Plasma is the convert into of Turbulent Energy.
Turbulent Energy associates Magnetic Energy.
Ionization Fraction is the affect of Turbulent Velocity.
Molecular Clouds is the comparable with of Mean Field Velocities.
Magnetohydrodynamics (Mhd) Equations is the describe of Two Fluid Gas.
Two Fluid Gas assumes Isothermal Equation Of State.
Ion-Neutral Collision Frequencies damps Neutral-Ion Collision Frequencies.
Two-Dimensional is the apply to of Spatial Dimensions.
Flux Function is the describe of Induction Equation.
Finite Differences associates Time Step.
Gravitational And Magnetic Terms is the affect of Hydrostatic Equilibrium.
Vertical Density is the affect of Vertical Magnetic Flux.
Alfvén Wave damps Ambipolar Diffusion.
Reflective Boundary Conditions imposes Boundary Conditions.
Numerical Constraints imposes Time Step.
Ion-Neutral Interaction is the require of Mean Free Path.
Von Neumann Stability Analysis is the apply to of Courant-Friedrichs-Lewy (Cfl) Stability Condition.
Ambipolar Filamentation associates Time Scales.
Time Scales haves Wave Period.
Time Scales haves Wave Pressure Response.
Wave Pressure Response is the involves of Neutrals.
Neutrals feels Turbulent Pressure.
Turbulent Pressure is the results in pressure perturbation of Pressure Perturbation.
Pressure Perturbation associates Horizontal Ionization Inhomogeneity.
Horizontal Ionization Inhomogeneity associates Numerical Resistivity.
Numerical Resistivity is the results in diffusion of magnetic flux of Magnetic Flux.
Numerical Model follows 2-D System.
2-D System is the starts from initial equilibrium of Initial Equilibrium.
2-D System is the involves vertical stratification of Vertical Stratification.
Vertical Stratification supports Gravity.
Numerical Model is the uses sound velocity of Sound Velocity.
Numerical Model is the uses collisional coefficient of Collisional Coefficient.
Numerical Model is the uses wave amplitude of Wave Amplitude.
Numerical Model is the uses wave frequency of Wave Frequency.
Numerical Model is the uses profiles of Profiles.
Numerical Model is the explains scaling and units of Scaling And Units.
Scaling And Units normalizes Alfvn Velocity.
Scaling And Units normalizes Alfvn Time.
Numerical Model is the uses numerical grid of Numerical Grid.
Numerical Model is the uses initial magnetic field of Initial Magnetic Field.
Initial Magnetic Field is the adjusts magnetic field for ionization fraction of Ionization Fraction.
Initial Magnetic Field is the initially threaded by vertical constant magnetic field of Vertical Constant Magnetic Field.
Initial Magnetic Field perturbs Horizontal Waves.
Vertical Damping is the allows complete damping of the wave of Neutral Density.
Neutral Density compares Ion Density.
Neutral Density associates Perturbed Velocities.
Perturbed Velocities is the results in spatial profile of Spatial Profile.
Spatial Profile is the shows ionization fraction profile of Ionization Fraction Profile.
Ionization Fraction Profile associates Neutral Expulsion Mechanism.
Ionization Fraction Profile compares Density Profile.
Density Profile compares Ion And Neutral Velocity.
Ion And Neutral Velocity compares Magnetic Field Lines.
Magnetic Field Lines is the causes magnetic tension of Magnetic Tension.
Magnetic Tension is the results in compression of field lines of Compression Of Field Lines.
Compression Of Field Lines is the causes vertical transport of Vertical Transport.
Vertical Transport is the influences filamentation process of Filamentation Process.
Filamentation Process limits Boundary Conditions.
Supersonic Motions compares Solar Spicules.
Ionization And Recombination is the involves equation of state of Equation Of State.
Star Formation Process is the involves molecular clouds of Molecular Clouds.
Molecular Clouds supports Turbulent Magnetic Pressure.
Molecular Clouds supports Ambipolar Flow.
Molecular Clouds is the toward dense cores of Dense Cores.
Dense Cores is the results in gravitational collapse of Gravitational Collapse.
Jeans is the occur during of Parker.
Molecular Cloud is the feed of Large Scale Waves.
Outflow Lobes associates Outflows.
Outflows is the heats of Energy.
Energy is the by of Ambipolar Drift.
Localized Sources is the propagate in of Stratified Medium.
Physics studys Stratified Medium.
Pseudo-Spectral Technique allows Excitation.
Role bes Future Studies.
Authors involves F. Masset.
Authors involves A. Hetem.
Authors is the constructive discussions with of N. Hulamo.
Mf is the by of Ministerio De Educacin Y Cultura.
Mf is the by of C.I.E.S..
Mec is the through of Projects Pb93-491.
Mec is the through of Projects Pb97-269.