Frustrated Spin Systems is the study of of Phase Transition.
Frustrated Spin Systems is the study of of 2D Lattices.
Frustrated Spin Systems is the study of of Modern Condensed Matter Physics.
Exchange Interaction is the can lead to of Frustration.
Magnetic Ions is the spatial arrangement in of Crystal.
Crystal is the simultaneous antiparallel ordering is impossible in of Antiparallel Ordering.
2D Models is the one of the most discussed is of Quantum Spin-0 Heisenberg Antiferromagnet.
Quantum Spin-0 Heisenberg Antiferromagnet is the on a of Square Lattice.
Square Lattice is the with competing nearest-neighbor antiferromagnetic exchange interactions of Nearest-Neighbor Antiferromagnetic Exchange Interactions.
Square Lattice is the with competing next-nearest-neighbor antiferromagnetic exchange interactions of Next-Nearest-Neighbor Antiferromagnetic Exchange Interactions.
Quantum Spin-0 Heisenberg Antiferromagnet is the criticality at of Criticality.
Quantum Spin-0 Heisenberg Antiferromagnet is the two long-range ordered phases at small and large values of of Long-Range Ordered Phases.
Quantum Spin-0 Heisenberg Antiferromagnet is the an intermediate quantum paramagnetic phase between of Quantum Paramagnetic Phase.
Quantum Paramagnetic Phase is the without magnetic long-range order in the region between of Magnetic Long-Range Order.
Quantum Paramagnetic Phase is the properties are still under intensive debate of Properties.
Quantum Spin-0 Heisenberg Antiferromagnet staggers Magnetization.
Magnetization vanishs Vanishing.
Quantum Spin-0 Heisenberg Antiferromagnet is the two degenerate collinear states at of Collinear States.
Collinear States characterizes Spin Orientation.
Collinear States is the magnetization jumps from a nonzero to a zero value at of Magnetization.
Quantum Paramagnetic Phase is the second order transition from nel to the quantum paramagnetic state of Phase Transition.
Collinear States is the first order transition from the collinear to the quantum paramagnetic state of Phase Transition.
Quantum Paramagnetic Phase shows Singlet Plaquette Crystal.
Singlet Plaquette Crystal is the ground and first excited states separated by a finite gap of Ground State.
Quantum Spin-0 Heisenberg Antiferromagnet is the experimental realization in vanadium phosphates compounds such as li-vosio , li-vogeo , and vomoo of Experimental Realization.
Vanadium Phosphates Compounds characterizes Layered Structure.
Vanadium Phosphates Compounds is the superexchange is similar in these compounds of Superexchange.
Vanadium Phosphates Compounds is the second order phase transition to a long-range ordered magnetic phase observed of Phase Transition.
Vanadium Phosphates Compounds is the nmr spin-lattice relaxation measurements below shows collinear order of Nmr Spin-Lattice Relaxation Measurements.
Nmr Spin-Lattice Relaxation Measurements is the due to the two-fold degeneracy of the ground state , it is not possible to determine the magnetic wave vector below of Ground State.
Ground State is the spin-lattice coupling can lift the degeneracy of the ground state and lower its energy of Spin-Lattice Coupling.
Frustrated Magnetic Materials competes Competing Interactions.
Ground State is the ground state phase diagram of frustrated compounds can be explored by applying high pressures of Phase Diagram.
Ground State is the x-ray diffraction measurements on li-vosio compound show a decrease in ratio by about when pressure increases of X-Ray Diffraction Measurements.
Frustrated Spin Systems is the generalization of the quantum spin-0 heisenberg antiferromagnetic model introduced by nersesyan and tsvelik of Generalization.
Generalization is the extensive band structure calculations for vanadium phosphates compounds indicate four inequivalent exchange couplings of Extensive Band Structure Calculations.
Extensive Band Structure Calculations is the spatial anisotropy causes a distortion of the spin lattice of Spatial Anisotropy.
Spatial Anisotropy is the spatial anisotropy tends to narrow the critical region and destroy it completely at a certain value of the interchain parameter of Critical Region.
Generalization is the continuum limit of the spin-0 model splits the transition into two with an intermediate quantum paramagnetic phase of Continuum Limit.
Continuum Limit is the bishop et al . found a quantum triple point with coordinates at of Bishop.
Bishop is the second-order phase transition between af and caf phases below the quantum triple point of Phase Transition.
Bishop is the first-order phase transition between caf and intermediate phases above the quantum triple point of Phase Transition.
Quantum Spin-0 Heisenberg Antiferromagnet is the exact diagonalization obtained intermediate quantum paramagnetic phase for all intervals of of Exact Diagonalization.
Exact Diagonalization is the ground-state phase diagram obtained by exact diagonalization matches predictions by starykh and balents of Ground-State Phase Diagram.
Ground State is the ground state phase diagram studied using a variational approximation method by oliveira of Variational Approximation.
Variational Approximation is the plaquettes of four spins treated exactly in the variational method of Plaquettes.
Variational Approximation is the variational method generalized to treat the anisotropic square lattice of Anisotropic Square Lattice.
Quantum Spin-0 Heisenberg Antiferromagnet is the critical behavior studied for many years of Critical Behavior.
Quantum Spin-0 Heisenberg Antiferromagnet is the very little study done in the anisotropic square lattice case of Anisotropic Square Lattice.
Anisotropic Square Lattice describes Hamiltonian.
Hamiltonian haves Ordered Ground States.
Ordered Ground States is the quantum fluctuations play a significant role in the magnetic phase diagram at zero temperature of Quantum Fluctuations.
Quantum Fluctuations investigates Investigation.
Quantum Fluctuations is the line splits into two phase transitions in the quantum limit of Quantum Paramagnetic Phase.
Quantum Fluctuations is the exact diagonalization estimates critical lines for transitions between caf and qp states and af and qp states of Exact Diagonalization.
Quantum Fluctuations is the phase diagram obtained in accordance with starykh and balents but contradictory to bishop et al . of Phase Diagram.
Quantum Fluctuations is the quantum triple point not present in obtained phase diagram of Quantum Triple Point.
Quantum Fluctuations is the presence of a quantum critical endpoint observed of Critical Endpoint.
Critical Endpoint is the new singularity predicted at the critical endpoint of Singularity.
Critical Endpoint is the new singularity in the curvature of the first-order phase transition line arises at the critical endpoint of Curvature.
Ground State is the variational method used to obtain quantum critical endpoint of Variational Method.
Lagrange Multiplier Method is the corresponds to of Stationary Solutions.
Stationary Solutions obtains Nonlinear Equations.
Variational Parameters determines Quantum Paramagnetic Phase.
Order Parameters obtains Af Ordered Phase.
Order Parameters obtains Caf Phase.
Frustration Parameter affects Quantum Paramagnetic Phase.
Frustration Parameter is the contributes significantly to the existence of of Af Ordered Phase.
Frustration Parameter is the contributes significantly to the existence of of Caf Phase.
Af Ordered Phase separates Caf Phase.
Quantum Paramagnetic Phase separates Caf Phase.
Interchain Parameter suppresss Quantum Paramagnetic Phase.
Quantum Paramagnetic Phase is the disappears by presenting a direct first-order transition between of Caf Phase.
Phase Transition is the of second-order of Af Ordered Phase.
Phase Transition is the of first-order of Caf Phase.
Authors is the speculate that by using of Quantum Monte Carlo Simulations.