Positron Source is the source of Helical Undulator.
Positron Source is the passes through of Electron Beam.
Electron Beam is the accelerates of Helical Undulator.
Electron Beam is the creates of Photon Beam.
Photon Beam is the hits of Positron Target.
Positron Target is the creates of Positrons.
Positron Target is the creates of Electrons.
Balakin suggests Mikhailichenko.
Balakin tests Mikhailichenko.
Ilc Positron Source is the affords of Positron Polarization.
Photon Beam is the depends on of Positron Polarization.
Photon Beam is the increases of Positron Polarization.
Collimator Material is the causes of Thermal Load.
Photon Collimator Design discusss Photon Collimator System.
Ilc Positron Source is the describes of Ilc Technical Design Report.
Electron-Positron Collisions is the at of International Linear Collider.
Bunches repeats Electron-Positron Collisions.
Positron Production shows Scheme.
Helical Undulator haves Period.
Helical Undulator locates Positron Target.
Helical Undulator is the varies from of Undulator K Values.
Undulator is the determines of Positron Production.
Ilc Positron Source bases Photon Collimator.
Undulator K Values illustrates Collimator Aperture.
Undulator K Values illustrates Active Length Of The Undulator.
Undulator K Values illustrates Degree Of Positron Beam Polarization.
Undulator K Values illustrates Collimator Iris Radii.
Degree Of Positron Beam Polarization is the achieves of Positron Polarization.
Multistage Collimator Design is the collimates of Photon Beam.
Multistage Collimator Design is the increases of Positron Polarization.
Multistage Collimator Design is the decreases of Positron Yield.
Multistage Collimator Design is the recovers of Positron Yield.
Multistage Collimator Design adjusts Active Length Of The Undulator.
Undulator Period is the depends on of Undulator K Values.
Photon Polarization is the depends on of Angular Distribution Of The Photons.
Undulator Radiation haves Beam Axis.
Photon Beam is the increases by decreasing of Collimator.
Yield is the recovers of Active Length Of The Undulator.
Positron Polarization is the approaches of Electron Beam.
Positron Polarization is the approaches of K Value.
Positron Polarization is the approaches of Collimator Iris Radii.
Multistage Collimator Design represents Photon Collimator System.
Photon Collimator System is the collimates of Photon Beam.
Photon Collimator System is the flexible of Photon Beam.
Photon Collimator System is the withstands of Heat Loads.
Photon Collimator System is the during of Long Operation Time.
Multistage Collimator Design is the stays within of Material Loads.
Material Loads takes Acceptable Limits.
Material Loads is the against failure of Safety Margin.
Multistage Collimator Design uses Stages.
System bes Cooling System.
Solution recommends Simulation Studies.
Simulation Studies optimizes Design.
Simulation Studies takes Material Properties.
Design improves Reliability.