Ising-Type Simulation applys Schelling.
Ising-Type Simulation develops Sznajd.
Ising-Type Simulation develops Deffuant.
Ising-Type Simulation develops Hegselmann And Krause.
Sznajd combines Meyer-Ortmanns.
Aydiner combines Meyer-Ortmanns.
Meyer-Ortmanns generalizes Schulze.
Separation is the causes of System.
System is the involves of Opinion.
System is the decreases of Social Tolerance.
Social Tolerance is the leads to of Ghetto Formation.
Social Tolerance is the leads to of Polarization.
Soldier is the interacts maximally of Host People.
Soldier distributes Community.
Social Temperature is the decreases of Phase Separation.
Ghetto Formation dos Crossover Transition.
Ghetto Formation is the destroys of Configuration Effect.
Ghetto Formation is the not responsible for of Crossover Transition.
Polarization is the occurs at of Low Temperature.
Polarization is the leads to of Phase Separation.
Polarization is the leads to of Crossover Transition.
Stretched Exponential Behavior is the corresponds to of Mathematical Behavior.
Occupation follows Hot War.
Community is the reacts not of Occupation.
Community is the occurs as result of of Defeat.
People affects Propaganda.
Resistance Probability is the decreases rapidly of Short Times.
Reaction is the begins against of Occupation.
Community is the after of Shock.
Community is the begins by of Regaining Consciousness.
Community is the displays difficulties for of Organized Resistance.
Resistance Probability is the decreases slowly of Long Times.
Resistance Probability is the extends to of Occupation.
Number Of Soldiers is the determines speed of decay of Density Of Soldiers.
Regimes observes Decay.
Regimes is the appear at of Low Temperatures.
Social Temperature bes Low Temperature.
@Xmath51 is the indicates of @Xmath52.
@Xmath51 is the decay slower for long time of Survival Probability.
Resistance is the may be broken spontaneously of Host People.
Mechanism considers Work.
Work is the understands of Time Evolution.
Social Rules is the lead to of Social Results.
Obtained Results applys Real Social Phenomena.
Obtained Results applys Societies.
Authors is the acknowledges of Dietrich Stauffer.
Authors is the acknowledges of G. Deffuant.
Authors is the acknowledges of D. Neau.
Authors is the acknowledges of F. Amblard.
Authors is the acknowledges of G. Weisbuch.
Authors is the acknowledges of T. Faure.