Superwinds is the occur in of Galaxies.
Supernovae is the cause of Nuclear Starburst Regions.
Supernovae is the cause of Active Galactic Nuclei (Agns).
Galactic Winds is the blow out of Interstellar Matter.
Galactic Winds is the reach of Intergalactic Medium.
Galactic Winds is the reach of Group Medium.
Galactic Winds is the impact on of Quench Star-Formation Activity.
Galactic Winds is the impact on of Enrich External Medium With New Metals.
M82 is the example of of Superwinds.
M82 is the study on of Large-Scale Galactic Winds.
M82 is the contain of Gas Cloud.
M82 is the contain of Cap.
M82 is the impact on of Metal Abundances.
M82 is the impact on of Ionization Source.
M82 is the impact on of Evolution History.
Cap is the emit of X-Ray Emission.
Cap is the emit of Uv Emission.
Cap is the impact on of Metal Abundances.
Cap is the impact on of Ionization Source.
Cap observes Fabry-Perot Observations.
Cap observes Subaru Telescope.
Cap observes Spectral Resolution.
Cap observes Flux Calibration.
Cap observes Distortion Correction.
Cap estimates Electron Density.
Cap estimates Mass.
Cap estimates Filling Factor.
Cap estimates Emission Measure.
Cap estimates Stellar Mass.
Cap assumes Spherical Symmetry.
Cap is the not detected of Continuum Emission.
Cap detects H-Alpha Emission.
Cap determines Velocity Center.
Cap fixs Velocity Dispersion.
Cap performs Line Decomposition.
Cap measures Emission Line Fluxes.
Cap measures Surface Brightness.
Cap measures Pixel Scale.
Cap adjusts Spatial Resolution.
Cap improves Wavelength Sampling.
Cap excludes Dwarf Galaxy.
Cap estimates Electron Density.
Cap estimates Mass.
Cap measures Flux.
Cap measures Luminosity.
M82 Cap is the larger [ ] /h @ xmath0 ratios of Star-Forming Galaxies.
M82 Cap ionizes Eigs.
Star-Forming Galaxies is the ionization source of Uv Photons.
Star-Forming Galaxies is the ionization source of Massive Stars.
Diffuse Ionized Gas is the possible sources of Photoionization.
Diffuse Ionized Gas is the possible sources of Shock.
Diffuse Ionized Gas is the possible sources of Turbulent Mixing Layers.
Turbulent Mixing Layers is the exist at the boundary of the hot gas of H@Xmath0 Emitting Ionized Gas.
Cloudy Photoionization Model uses M82 Cap.
Cloudy Photoionization Model uses M82 Center.
Nitrogen Abundance is the scales with of Metallicity.
Stellar Metallicity assumes Metallicity.
M82 Nuclear Starburst Region suggests Ionizing Photons.
M82 Nuclear Starburst Region provides M82 Cap.
M82 Cap compares Electron Densities.
M82 Cap compares Metallicity.
M82 Cap is the explains difference in line ratios of Electron Density.
M82 Cap is the explains difference in line ratios of Metallicity.
M82 Cap compares Fast Shock Model.
M82 Cap compares Slow Shock Model.
Superwinds is the ionizes cap clouds of M82 Cap.
Superwinds is the drives slow shock of M82 Cap.
Superwinds is the drives fast shock of Hot Gas.
Uv Radiation is the produces of Gaseous Medium.
Cores is the collapse of Supernova Explosions.
Supernova Explosions is the leads to of Mechanical Energy.
Mechanical Energy is the heats of Diffuse Medium.
Diffuse Medium is the heats to of Temperatures.
Temperatures is the forms of Superwind.
Superwind is the entrains of Gas.
Gas entrains Disk.
Disk is the rotates about of Filaments.
Cloud Complex is the engulfs of Material.
Material accretes Dwarf.
Dwarf supplys Cap Material.
Cap Material interacts Infalling Gas.
Cap Material is the arises from of Ionization.
Ionization interacts Superwind.
Quasars uses Medium.
Medium is the reveals of Details.
Details is the reveals about of Nature.
Subaru Telescope operates National Astronomical Observatory Of Japan.
M. Yoshida thanks Japan Society For The Promotion Of Science.
Abazajian collaborates Adelman-Mccarthy.
Adelman-Mccarthy collaborates Ageros.
Allen collaborates Groves.
Groves collaborates Dopita.
Dopita collaborates Sutherland.
Sutherland collaborates Kewley.
Barger collaborates Haffner.
Bland-Hawthorn collaborates Tully.
Tully collaborates Bland-Hawthorn.
Bland-Hawthorn collaborates Maloney.
Maloney collaborates Bland-Hawthorn.
Bland-Hawthorn collaborates Sutherland.
Sutherland collaborates Agertz.
Agertz collaborates Moore.
Bruzual collaborates Charlot.
Cappi collaborates Persic.
Persic collaborates Bassani.
Chevalier collaborates Clegg.
Chynoweth collaborates Langston.
Cooper collaborates Bicknell.
Bicknell collaborates Sutherland.
Sutherland collaborates Bland-Hawthorn.
Bland-Hawthorn collaborates Maloney.
Maloney collaborates Cooper.
Cooper collaborates Bicknell.
Devine collaborates Bally.
Ellis collaborates Bland-Hawthorn.
Ferland collaborates Korista.
Korista collaborates Verner.
Field collaborates Gnat.
Gnat collaborates Sternberg.
Greve collaborates Ho.
Ho collaborates Filippenko.
Filippenko collaborates Sargent.
Sargent collaborates Peng.
Heckman collaborates Armus.
Armus collaborates Miley.
Hoopes collaborates Heckman.
Heckman collaborates Strickland.
Strickland collaborates Heckman.
Tsuru collaborates Ozawa.
Ozawa collaborates Hyodo.
Walter collaborates Weiss.
Weiss collaborates Scoville.
Westmoquette collaborates Smith.
Smith collaborates Gallagher.
Gallagher collaborates Sternberg.
Sternberg collaborates Mckee.
Mckee collaborates Begelman.
Smith collaborates Westmoquette.
Westmoquette collaborates Gallagher.
Westmoquette collaborates Smith.
Yajima collaborates Umemura.
Mori collaborates Nakamoto.
Yoshida collaborates Kawabata.
Kawabata collaborates Ohyama.
Yoshida collaborates Yagi.
Yagi collaborates Komiyama.
Zastrow collaborates Oey.
Oey collaborates Veilleux.
Veilleux collaborates Mcdonald.
Mcdonald collaborates Martin.