Mesa provides Surface Heating.
Mesa is the implements of Outer Boundary Condition.
Mesa is the implements of Module.
Module is the creates of Planetary Mass Range.
Mesa is the presents of Evolutionary Calculations.
Mesa is the discusses of Surface Irradiation.
Mesa includes Inert Core.
Mesa is the yields of Star.
Star is the constructs of Pre-Main-Sequence Models.
Mesa is the introduces of Create_Initial_Model.
Create_Initial_Model is the builds of Adiabatic Temperature Profile.
Adiabatic Temperature Profile is the integrates of Hydrostatic Balance.
Hydrostatic Balance is the determines of Luminosity Profile.
Luminosity Profile is the derives of Fully Convective Planet.
Fully Convective Planet is the estimates of Equatorial Radius.
Mesa is the allows of Evolution.
Evolution is the shows of Low Mass Extension.
Mesa is the defines of Electron Fermi Energy.
Electron Fermi Energy is the relates of Electron Degeneracy Parameter.
Mesa is the models of Core Accretion Model.
Core Accretion Model is the assembles of Rock/Ice Core.
Rock/Ice Core is the decreases of Solar Mixture.
Mesa is the utilizes of Atmosphere Model.
Mesa is the applies of Energy Generation Rate.
Mesa is the implements of Grey_Irradiated Atmosphere Model.
Grey_Irradiated Atmosphere Model is the assumes of Transfer Equation.
Transfer Equation is the uses of Eddington Approximation.
Grey_Irradiated Atmosphere Model is the determines of Pressure.
Mesa is the enhances of Relax_Irradiation Routine.
Mesa is the supports of Other_Energy Module.
Mesa is the displays of Radius Versus Age.
Mesa is the illustrates of Deep Heating.
Mesa is the compares of Shallow Heating.
Mesa is the affects of Stellar Irradiation.
Stellar Irradiation represents Angle-Averaged Flux.
Stellar Irradiation is the approximates of Angle-Averaged Temperature Profile.
Angle-Averaged Temperature Profile is the uses of Transfer Equation.
Angle-Averaged Temperature Profile is the utilizes of Pressure.
Mesa is the applies of Asteroseismology.
Asteroseismology is the investigates of Helium Core Flashing Stars.
Asteroseismology is the discovers of Instability.
Instability is the identifies of Onset Of Burning.
Mesa is the models of Low-Mass Stars.
Mesa is the produces of Mass-Radius Relation.
Mass-Radius Relation is the considers of Solar Composition.
Mesa is the depicts of Mass-Radius Diagram.
Mass-Radius Diagram is the compares of Observational Data.
Mesa is the utilizes of Equation Of State.
Equation Of State is the uses of Freeeos.
Equation Of State is the combines of Opal.
Equation Of State is the employs of Scvh Eos.
Mesa is the calculates of Asteroseismic Variables.
Mesa is the extends of Star.
Mesa is the produces output in format of Fgong.
Mesa is the produces output in format of Osc.
Mesa is the extends of Astero.
Mesa is the supports of Adipls.
Joe mentions John Doe.
Mesa is the fitting to of Hd49385.
Semiconvection mixs Schwarzschild.
Semiconvection mixs Ledoux.
Semiconvection mixs Mlt.
Thermohaline Mixing mixs Diffusion Coefficient.
Thermohaline Mixing mixs Radiative Conductivity.
Thermohaline Mixing mixs Specific Heat At Constant Pressure.
Thermohaline Mixing mixs Efficiency Parameter.
Salt Fingers is the characteristic of Aspect Ratio.
Salt Fingers is the characteristic of Blobs/Fingers.
Salt Fingers is the characteristic of Instability.
Salt Fingers is the characteristic of Convection.
Overshooting mixs Convection.
Overshooting mixs Rotation-Induced Mixing.
Convective Core affects Lifetime.
Convective Core affects Mass Loss.
Opacity Tables is the characteristic of Carbon- And Oxygen-Enhanced Opacities.
Thermal Pulse is the effect of Compressional Heating.
White Dwarf Cooling Sequence is the process of Bloecker.
White Dwarf Cooling Sequence is the process of Rgb Mass Loss.
White Dwarf Cooling Sequence is the process of Agb Mass Loss.
White Dwarf Cooling Sequence is the process of Helium Shell.
White Dwarf Cooling Sequence is the process of Hydrogen Envelope.
White Dwarf Cooling Sequence is the process of Helium Core.
White Dwarf Cooling Sequence is the process of Helium Shell Flash.
White Dwarf Cooling Sequence is the process of Thermal Pulses.
White Dwarf Cooling Sequence is the process of Radiation-Dominated Envelopes.
White Dwarf Cooling Sequence is the process of Mlt++.
White Dwarf Cooling Sequence is the process of Gravitational Settling.
White Dwarf Cooling Sequence is the process of Chemical Diffusion.
Fig:357_Cool_L_Tc is the illustrates of Wd_Diffusion.
Wd_Diffusion describes Paper_I.
Paper_I uses Mesa.
Paper_I uses Mlt.
Paper_I uses Bhm & Cassinelli.
Paper_I is the illustrates of Wdconv.
Mesa calculates Brunt - Visl Frequency.
Mesa is the uses of Warsaw Envelope Code.
Mesa includes Atmospheric Tables.
Atmospheric Tables bases Hydrogen-Atmosphere Wds.
Mesa is the treats with of Eos.
Eos is the employs of Pc Eos.
Pc Eos is the for of C/O.
Pc Eos is the determines of Phase Transition.
Pc Eos includes Crystallization.
Wd produces He-Core Wds.
Wd produces Rgb Winds.
Make_He_Wd is the evolve from of Pms.
Make_He_Wd is the evolve into of Wd.
Pms uses Mesa.
Mesa is the utilizes of Relax_Mass.
Mesa is the uses of Eos.
Eos is the undergoes of Nova.
Eos is the undergoes of Cn.
Eos haves Solar-Like Composition.
Eos is the calculates with of Thin-Shell Radiative Calculation.
Eos includes Rotation.
Rotation is the induces of Magnetic Fields.
Rotation is the compares with of Kepler.
Rotation is the compares with of Stern.
Rotation relates Asteroseismology.