Research Interest is the focuses on of Unidirectional Motion.
Research Interest is the focuses on of Periodic System.
Research Interest requires Equilibrium.
Research Interest is the consistent with of Second Law Of Thermodynamics.
Research Interest is the proposes of Physical Models.
Physical Models is the involves of Noise.
Physical Models is the proposes of Asymmetric Periodic Potential System.
Asymmetric Periodic Potential System is the involves of Adiabatic Rocking.
Adiabatic Rocking is the applies of Constant Forces.
Adiabatic Rocking is the results in of Current.
Adiabatic Rocking is the affects of Temperature.
Adiabatic Rocking is the leads to of Current Reversal.
Adiabatic Rocking is the influences of Potential Barriers.
Adiabatic Rocking is the influences of Temporally Asymmetric Forces.
Adiabatic Rocking is the facilitates of Thermal Noise.
Adiabatic Rocking is the affects of Energy Conversion.
Adiabatic Rocking is the involves of Ratchet System.
Ratchet System haves Friction Coefficient.
Ratchet System is the considers of Nonuniform Friction Coefficient.
Ratchet System is the studies of Space Dependent Friction.
Ratchet System is the influences of Phase Difference.
Ratchet System is the impacts of Load.
Ratchet System is the analyzes of Efficiency.
Ratchet System is the compares to of External Periodic Input Signal.
Ratchet System is the achieves of Unidirectional Motion.
Ratchet System is the considers of Quasi-Static Limit.
Ratchet System is the considers of Space-Dependent Diffusion Coefficient.
Ratchet System is the studies of Inhomogeneous Medium.
Ratchet System is the involves of Space Variable.
Ratchet System is the applies of External Force Field.
Ratchet System is the applies of Adiabatic Limit.
Ratchet System is the utilizes of Stochastic Energetics.
Ratchet System is the calculates of Particle Current.
Ratchet System is the stores of Useful Form.
Ratchet System is the applies of Dimensionless Variables.
Ratchet System is the considers of Potential.
Ratchet System is the analyzes of Frictional Profile.
Ratchet System is the affects of Mobility.
Ratchet System is the compares to of Asymptotic Limits.
Ratchet System is the observes of Stochastic Resonance.
Ratchet System is the determines of Critical Value.
Ratchet System is the compares to of Ratchet Systems.
Ratchet System is the considers of External Drive.
Ratchet System is the analyzes of Net Current.
Ratchet System is the studies of Efficiency.
Ratchet System is the analyzes of Energy Conversion.
Ratchet System is the contrasts of Uniform Friction.
Ratchet System is the applies of Load.
Ratchet System is the stores of Useful Energy.
Ratchet System is the utilizes of Parameter Values.
Ratchet System is the calculates of Input Energy.
Ratchet System is the calculates of Work Done.
Ratchet System is the analyzes of Efficiency.
Temperature is the maximizes of Efficiency.
Temperature is the increases monotonically of Energy.
Energy is the saturates at high temperature limit of Temperature.
Potential is the facilitates energy conversion of Temperature.
Friction is the affects sensitivity of Efficiency.
Asymmetry is the affects monotonic decrease of Efficiency.
Potential is the affects efficiency of Efficiency.
Load is the exhibits maximum of Efficiency.
Load is the affects current of Current.
Load is the exhibits maximum of Current.
Load is the decreases monotonically of Current.
Load is the varies non-monotonically of Energy.
Asymmetry is the affects efficiency of Efficiency.
Adiabatic Forcing is the saturates in large amplitude limit of Efficiency.
Friction is the causes current reversals of Current.
Asymmetry is the causes current reversals of Current.
Thermal Noise is the causes current reversals of Current.
Friction is the causes current reversals of Current.
Friction is the essential for current reversals of Asymmetry.
Load is the affects efficiency of Efficiency.