Simple Fluids makes Atomic Particles.
Atomic Particles provides Lennard-Jones Formula.
Lennard-Jones Formula is the consequence of nature of Classic States Of Matter.
Classic States Of Matter is the occurs when density is low of Gas.
Classic States Of Matter is the occurs when density is high of Liquid.
Classic States Of Matter is the occurs when density is very high of Crystalline Structure.
Simple Fluids is the contrast to of Colloids.
Colloids is the consist of of Suspensions.
Colloids is the contain elements like ions and polymers of Solvent.
Colloids is the differ in shape , size , charge , etc . of Particles.
Particles is the aggregate to form of Colloidal Particle.
Colloidal Science is the laboratory of of Liquid Theory.
Colloidal Science is the study of of Polydispersity.
Polydispersity is the impacts of Phase Behaviour.
Polydispersity is the matter of of Active Research.
Polydispersity regains Liquid Theorists.
Polydispersity is the focus of theoretical studies of Demixing.
Polydispersity is the transitions between of Homogeneous Phases.
Polydispersity uses Density Functional Theory.
Polydispersity is the successfully addressed with density functional theory of Interfaces.
Polydispersity is the successfully addressed with density functional theory of Wetting.
Polydispersity receives Liquid-Crystalline Spatially Ordered Phases.
Hard Rods knows Nematic-Smectic Transition.
Hard Rods is the occurs for parallel rods of Continuous Transition.
Hard Rods is the occurs for freely rotating rods of First-Order Transition.
Hard Rods is the less stable than smectic phase of Columnar Phase.
Hard Rods is the destabilizes smectic phase of Second Species Of Rods.
Grand-Canonical Simulations simulates Freely Rotating Rods.
Freely Rotating Rods is the affects stability of columnar ordering of Polydispersity.
Density-Functional Theory uses Density-Functional Theory.
Density-Functional Theory proposes Functional Theory.
Density-Functional Theory estimates Phase Diagram.
Bifurcation Analysis performs Instabilities.
Functional Theory analyzes Smectic Instabilities.
Length-Polydisperse Mixture characterizes Density Profiles.
Density Profiles uses Helmholtz Free-Energy Functional.
Helmholtz Free-Energy Functional is the contains of Ideal Bit.
Helmholtz Free-Energy Functional is the contains of Excess.
Ideal Bit relates Chemical Potential.
Ideal Bit uses Euler-Lagrange Equation.
Euler-Lagrange Equation specializes Uniform Phase.
Uniform Phase relates Probability Density.
Length-Polydisperse Mixture is the consists of of Aligned Hard Cylinders.
Aligned Hard Cylinders assumes Nematic Fluid.
Nematic Fluid is the emerges at instability onset of Inhomogeneous Profile.
Inhomogeneous Profile uses Direct Correlation Function.
Direct Correlation Function specifys Virial Approximation.
Virial Approximation uses Spinodal.
Nematic Phase is the bifurcation to of Columnar Phase.
Hard Rods is the affects nematic-smectic transition of Aspect Ratio.
Direct Correlation Function bases Fundamental-Measure Density Functional.
Direct Correlation Function uses Bessel Functions.
Direct Correlation Function relates Packing Fraction.
Direct Correlation Function relates Mean Cylinder Length.
Density Functional proposes Mixtures.
Density Functional estimates Phase Diagram.
Bifurcation Analysis analyzes Instabilities.
Fourier Transform writes Cuatro.
Fourier Transform gives Omegas.
Fourier Transform is the becomes of Det.
Det obtains Xmath108.
Det obtains Psinew.
Psinew replaces Xmath109.
Psinew is the thus of Xmath110.
Psinew takes Xmath111.
Uu is the in of Xmath111.
Uu calculates Xmath112.
B3 obtains Psinew.
B3 takes Xmath111.
B3 is the yields of Xmath113.
B3 is the where of Xmath114.
Xmath114 bes Xmath115.
Xmath116 sets B3A.
B3A is the transforms into of Xmath117.
Xmath14 is the independent of of Xmath115.
Xmath14 is the independent of of Xmath117.
Xmath14 is the depends on of Xmath118.
Xmath118 is the distribution function of Gauss.
Gauss is the for this choice of Xmath119.
Xmath119 is the therefore of Xmath120.
Xmath120 is the comparison of of Xmath121.
Xmath121 obtains Xmath122.
Xmath14 gives Xmath122.
Xmath123 is the with of Xmath122.
Xmath60 is the values of packing fraction of Xmath122.
Psi01 depicts Fig2.
Psi11 depicts Fig2.
Det0 depicts Fig2.
Det depicts Fig2.
B3 depicts Fig2.