Pomwig is the treatment of Valence Partons.
Pomwig is the treatment of Gluons.
Pomwig is the normalization of H1 Data.
Pomwig is the not account for of Soft Survival Factor.
Hard Double Pomeron Events is the treatment of Pomwig.
Pomwig is the generation of Sub-Leading Exchanges.
Cross Section is the estimation of Scatters.
Cross Section is the comparison of Kinematic Region.
System is the via of Double Pomeron Exchange.
Overlap Events is the definition of Coincidence.
Central System is the production of Protons.
Instantaneous Luminosity is the per bunch crossing of Interaction.
Interaction is the at low luminosity of Bunch Crossing.
Interaction is the at high luminosity of Bunch Crossing.
Overlap Events is the investigation of Interaction.
Overlap Events is the types of Interaction.
Overlap Events is the specification of Interaction.
Cross Section For The Overlap Background is the estimation of Overlap Events.
Inclusive Di-Jet Cross Section is the comparison of Average Number Of Interactions.
Average Number Of Interactions is the summation of Actual Number Of Interactions.
Poisson Distribution weights Actual Number Of Interactions.
Probability is the calculation of Outgoing Proton.
Probability is the calculation of Detector Acceptance.
Probability is the utilization of Event Fraction.
Probability is the calculation of Outgoing Proton.
Probability is the calculation of Detector Acceptance.
Probability is the utilization of Event Fraction.
Cross Section is the dominance of Proton Momentum Losses.
Cross Section is the comparison of Total Cross Section.
Cross Section is the calculation of Soft-Survival Factor For Soft Single Diffraction.
Soft-Survival Factor For Soft Single Diffraction is the calculation of Pomeron Trajectory.
Soft-Survival Factor For Soft Single Diffraction is the calculation of Squared 4-Momentum Transfer.
Soft-Survival Factor For Soft Single Diffraction is the calculation of Pomeron Nucleon Coupling.
Soft-Survival Factor For Soft Single Diffraction is the calculation of Triple Pomeron Vertex.
Event Fraction is the utilization of Acceptance Range In.
Di-Jet Events is the event of Parton.
Parton is the measurement of Gev.
Luminosity is the comparison of Non-Diffractive Events.
Event Generators is the comparison of Diffractive Contributions.
Diffractive Contributions is the comparison of Table.
Signal is the requirement of Proton Tagging Detectors.
Predictions is the demonstration of Exclusivity Variables.
B-Jet Events is the retention of Trigger Hardware.
Discussion is the consideration of Parameters.
Parameters is the generalization of Conclusions.
Cep Cross Section is the production of Higgs Boson.
Higgs Boson is the decay of B-Quarks.
Analysis is the application of Decay Width.
Analysis is the application of New Particle.
Analysis is the application of Decay Width.
Analysis is the application of New Particle.
Experimental Strategy is the discovery of Higgs Sector.
Experimental Strategy is the observation of Cep Channel.
Loss is the largest of Signal Events.
Proton Detectors is the limitation of Acceptance.
Trigger Efficiency is the inclusion of Detector Signals.
Mass Fit is the assumption of Data.
Data takes High Luminosity.
Data takes Detector Signals.
Data is the assumption of Trigger Efficiency.
Data is the significance of Signal.
Fast Timing Detector Improvements is the reduction of Overlap Backgrounds.
Sm Higgs is the observation of B-Jet Channel.
Discussion is the mention of Acknowledgments.
Funding is the acknowledgment of References.
Eur.J.C publishs Arxiv:Hep-Ex/0606004.
Arxiv:Hep-Ex/0606004 is the author of V.A.Khoze.
Arxiv:Hep-Ex/0606004 is the author of A.D.Martin.
Arxiv:Hep-Ex/0606004 is the author of M.G.Ryskin.
Phys.B publishs Arxiv:Hep-Ph/0609312.
Arxiv:Hep-Ph/0609312 is the author of T.Sjostrand.
Arxiv:Hep-Ph/0609312 is the author of L.Lonnblad.
Arxiv:Hep-Ph/0609312 is the author of S.Mrenna.
R.Engel collaborates J.Ranft.
Phys.D publishs Arxiv:Hep-Ph/9509373.
Arxiv:Hep-Ph/9509373 is the author of V.A.Khoze.
Arxiv:Hep-Ph/9509373 is the author of M.G.Ryskin.
V.A.Khoze communicates M.G.Ryskin.
G.Corcella is the author of Arxiv:Hep-Ph/0210213.
J.M.Butterworth collaborates J.R.Forshaw.
J.M.Butterworth collaborates M.H.Seymour.
Z.Phys.C publishs Arxiv:Hep-Ph/9601371.
Arxiv:Hep-Ph/9601371 is the author of R.Engel.
Arxiv:Hep-Ph/9601371 is the author of J.Ranft.
M.Grothe is the author of Arxiv:Hep-Ph/9601371.
K.Terashi affiliates Cdf Collaboration.
K.Terashi is the author of Arxiv:0705.3804.
B.E.Cox collaborates A.Pilkington.
B.E.Cox is the author of Arxiv:Hep-Ph/0508249.
V.A.Khoze collaborates A.D.Martin.
V.A.Khoze collaborates M.G.Ryskin.
V.A.Khoze communicates M.G.Ryskin.
G.C.Blazey is the author of Arxiv:Hep-Ex/0005012.
J.M.Butterworth collaborates J.P.Couchman.
J.M.Butterworth collaborates B.E.Cox.
J.M.Butterworth collaborates B.M.Waugh.
Comput.Phys.Commun. publishs Arxiv:Hep-Ph/0210022.
Atlas:Detector And Physics Performance Technical Design Report cites Cern-Lhcc-99-14.
A.D.Martin collaborates M.G.Ryskin.
A.D.Martin collaborates G.Watt.
C.M.Buttar is the author of Arxiv:Hep-Ph/0601013.