Adaptive Control relates Recursive Parameter Estimation.
Recursive Parameter Estimation is the involves of Estimate.
Estimate is the comprises of Vector.
Vector is the consists of of Parameters.
Parameters is the unknown of Constant.
Measurements is the uses of Quantity.
Quantity measures Regressor.
Regressor is the comprises of Known Data.
Regressor affects Measurement Error Signal.
Tuning is the aims to minimize of Estimation Error.
Tuning is the aims to minimize of Parameter Error.
Methods is the popular method for of Least-Squares.
Methods is the popular method for of Gradient-Type Algorithms.
Differential Equations analyzes Nonnegative Function.
Nonnegative Function haves Time Derivative.
Time limits Time Derivative.
Normalized Algorithms is the can be used for of Time-Varying.
Time-Varying is the utilizes of Least-Squares Tuning.
Acceleration is the sets of Second Derivative.
Covariance is the affects of White Noise.
Stability Analysis is the analyzes of Detectable Adaptive System.
Detectable Adaptive System is the analyzes of Output-Injection Argument.
Generalization obtains Positive-Definite Function.
Covariance is the affects of Measurement Error.
Covariance analyzes Expected Value.
Persistency Of Excitation Conditions is the conditions for convergence of Parameter Error.
State Transition Matrix uses Covariance Of Parameters.
Gain is the utilizes of Time-Varying Gains.
Gain is the affects of Transient Performance.
Lyapunovian Inspiration inspires Derivative.
Derivative takes Trajectory.
Trajectory is the leads to of Integration.
Error uses Stability Properties.
Approximate Analysis provides Upper Bound.
Schur Complement is the utilizes of Approximation.
Approximation is the results in of Positive-Semidefinite.
Covariance Of Parameter Error analyzes Simulation Studies.
Positive-Real Transfer Function is the replaces in of High-Order Tuning.
High-Order Tuning compares Accelerating Tuners.
Accelerating Tuners applys Nonlinear Systems.
Accelerating Tuners is the deals with of Topological Incompatibility.
Stochastic Analysis indicates Covariance Of Parameter Error.
Convergence Properties studys Accelerating Tuners.