Rotation Curves is the tool to investigate of Disk Galaxies.
Rotation Curves is the investigate nature of of Dark Matter.
Rotation Curves is the good candidates for investigation of Dwarf Galaxies.
Dwarf Galaxies dominates Dark Matter.
Orion Dwarf is the investigation of dm content of Dark Matter.
Orion Dwarf provides Extended Disk.
Orion Dwarf is the points towards cored profile of Kinematics.
Orion Dwarf determines Gravitational Potential.
Mond is the inconsistent with luminous matter distribution of Spiral Galaxies.
Mond is the successful in reproducing rotation curves of Spiral Galaxies.
Mond is the cases of tension with data of Tension.
Gravitational Force is the leaves newtonian regime of Accelerations.
Gravitational Force is the enters different regime of Mond.
Gas Kinematics is the necessary for deriving dm density profile of Ordinary Baryonic Components.
Orion Dwarf is the high quality and resolution rotation curve of Gas Kinematics.
Orion Dwarf corrects Asymmetric Drift.
Orion Dwarf is the large mass discrepancy at all radii of Mass Discrepancy.
Orion Dwarf is the efficiently modeled with exponential profile of Stellar Disk.
Orion Dwarf is the attractive candidate for determining gravitational potential of Gravitational Potential.
Stellar Mass estimates Orion Dwarf.
Stellar Mass is the estimated mass of stellar component of Stellar Component.
Stellar Mass fits Exponential Profile.
Channel Maps is the rich morphological and kinematic structure of Neutral Gas Disk.
Channel Maps is the total flux integral proportional to disk mass of Gas Mass.
Channel Maps finds Total Mass.
Channel Maps fits Surface Density.
Harmonic Decomposition decomposes Line-Of-Sight Velocities.
Harmonic Decomposition is the search for significant components of Non-Circular Motions.
Orion Dwarf is the consists of of Stellar Component.
Orion Dwarf is the consists of of Gaseous Disk.
Orion Dwarf is the consists of of Dark Halo.
Orion Dwarf is the considers mass distribution profile of Nfw Profile.
Orion Dwarf is the considers mass distribution profile of Cored Profile.
Orion Dwarf is the considers mass distribution profile of Urc Profile.
Newtonian Gravity proposes Mond.
Orion Dwarf is the minor mass component of Baryons.