Partonic Interpretations is the interpretation of Diffractive Processes.
Diffractive Processes is the occurs in of Collisions.
Studies performs Diffractive Processes.
Diffractive Processes characterizes Rapidity Gap.
Uncertainty relates Dissociated Proton Background Events.
Diffraction studys Diffracted Proton.
Diffracted Proton measures Momentum.
Proton Spectrometer uses H1 Collaboration.
Proton Spectrometer uses Zeus Collaboration.
Proton Spectrometer affects Acceptances.
Proton Spectrometer limits Statistics.
Proton Spectrometer affects Systematic Errors.
Luminosity Upgrade is the affects of Hera.
Hera instals Very Forward Proton Spectrometer (Vfps).
Vfps is the reports of Tagging Performance.
Vfps collects Diffractive Events.
Vfps is the consists of of Roman Pots.
Roman Pots equips Tracking Detectors.
Roman Pots equips Scintillating Fibres.
Roman Pots bases Design.
Design adapts Fps Proton Spectrometer.
Detectors is the consists of of Planes.
Detectors orients Scintillating Fibres.
Position places Detectors.
Position connects Scintillating Planes.
Position delivers Trigger Signal.
Vfps occurs Installed.
Vfps affects Radiation Damage.
Data Taking starts Physics Analysis.
Vfps modifys Beam Orbit.
Energy Loss is the affects of Beam Orbit.
Beam Orbit increases Rate Of Events.
Simulation compares Vfps Tagged Events.
Vfps Tagged Events compares Full Sample Of Diffractive Events.
Full Sample Of Diffractive Events compares Monte Carlo.
Agreement is the found between of Full Data Sample.
Trend describes Vfps Tagged Sample.
Understanding is the leads to of Vfps Acceptance.
Description improves Vfps Acceptance.
Analysis bases Dijets.
Dijets applys Selection.
Dijets determines Transverse Momentum.
Jets determines Transverse Momentum.
Jets contains Main Detector.
Transverse Momentum requires Jets.
Luminosity collects Trigger.
Trigger lowers Transverse Momentum.
Luminosity collects Vfps.
Acceptance observes Region.
Trend describes Diffractive Events.
Statistics bases Proton Momentum Reconstruction.
Favart is the author of of Experimental Review Of Diffractive Phenomena.