Trihydrogen Dication is the consists of of Protons.
Trihydrogen Dication is the consists of of Electron.
Trihydrogen Dication is the belongs to of Coulomb Systems.
Stability studys Sixties.
Stability studys Seventies.
Articles investigates Conroy.
Potential Energy Surfaces studys Electronic Ground State.
Potential Energy Surfaces studys Lowest Excited States.
Potential Energy Surfaces studys Linear Configurations.
Potential Energy Surfaces studys Isosceles Triangular Configurations.
Conroy employs Variational Approach.
Variational Approach expands Electronic Trial Wavefunction.
Variational Approach is the around of Nuclear Charges.
Conroy analyzes Contour Plots.
Conroy concludes Stability.
Schwartz reports Schad.
Schwartz reports Somorjai.
Schwartz reports Yue.
Schwartz dos Single-Point Calculations.
Schwartz reports Equilibrium Equilateral Triangular Configuration.
Berkowitz searchs Stocker.
Berkowitz is the could not find evidence of stable of Trihydrogen Dication.
Ackermann revisits Finite Element Method.
Finite Element Method uses Trihydrogen Dication.
Finite Element Method provides Higher Accuracy.
Finite Element Method treats Problem.
Finite Element Method is the as a continuous parameter of Nuclear Charge.
Finite Element Method obtains Critical Values.
Finite Element Method excludes Authors.
Finite Element Method is the of stable of Possibility.
Finite Element Method excludes Trihydrogen Dication.
Finite Element Method is the in of Electronic Ground State.
Finite Element Method reports Explicit Electronic Energy Data.
Finite Element Method is the at the triangle size of Particular Equilateral Triangular Configuration.
Finite Element Method is the scarce and not that convincing of Results.
Finite Element Method addresss Question.
Finite Element Method relates Motivations.
Finite Element Method is the may exist as of Equilateral Triangular Configuration.
Finite Element Method is the in a magnetic field of Metastable State.
Finite Element Method is the of one electron and three protons of Coulomb System.
Finite Element Method is the of size of Interproton Distance.
Finite Element Method writes Schrdinger Equation.
Finite Element Method uses Atomic Units.
Finite Element Method expresss Energies.
Finite Element Method is the to study of Goal.
Finite Element Method studys Molecular Ion.
Molecular Ion is the implies the existence of the ground state of the system of Existence.
Symmetry Arguments is the of of Optimal Geometry.
Methods uses System.
Methods is the lead to of Variational Approach.
Methods is the for total energy versus the size of the triangle of Quantitative Results.
Methods takes Trial Functions.
Methods builds Basis Functions.
Methods performs Calculations.
Methods implements Hartree-Fock Code.
Methods uses Basis Sets.
Methods carrys Equilateral Triangular Configurations.
Methods is the in of Point Group.
Methods bes Lowest Electronic State.
Methods is the of this symmetry of Contracted Gaussians.
Methods makes Numerical Computations.
Methods obtains Total Energy.
Methods is the as a function of of Internuclear Distance.
Methods dos Adiabatic Irregularities.
Methods dos Molecular Ion.
Hmc is the expresses gratitude to of J.C. Lpez Vieyra.
Hmc is the for of Comments.
Hmc is the for of Interest.
Hmc is the thanks for of Work.
Work completes Universite Libre De Bruxelles.
Work bes Support.
Support is the partially supported by of Fenomec.
Support is the partially supported by of Papiit Grant * In121106 * (Mexico).
Turbiner publishs J.C. Lpez Vieyra.
Werner publishs Knowles.
Lindh publishs Manby.
Schtz publishs Celani.
Korona publishs Rauhut.
Amos publishs Bernhardsson.
Berning publishs Cooper.
Deegan publishs Dobbyn.
Eckert publishs Hampel.
Hetzer publishs Lloyd.
Mcnicholas publishs Meyer.
Mura publishs Nicklass.
Palmieri publishs Pitzer.
Schumann publishs Stoll.
Stone publishs Tarroni.
Thorsteinsson publishs Molpro.