Wireless Data Traffic is the increase of Demand For Wireless Data Traffic.
Global Mobile Data Traffic is the increase of Mobile Network Operators.
Mobile Network Operators is the purchase of Spectrum.
Technological Progress is the provide of Capacity.
Technological Progress is the provide of Quality Of Service.
Mobile Telecommunications Industry is the significance of Spectrum Allocation.
South Korea is the plan of Korea Communications Commission.
Korea Communications Commission is the auction off of Spectrum Auction.
Korea Telecom acquires Spectrum Block.
Korea Telecom is the double of Lte Network Capacity.
Lte Release 8/9 is the support of Handsets.
Spectrum Block is the achieve of Market.
Government ensures Competitiveness.
Spectrum Auctions utilizes Bidders.
Bidders maximizes Profit.
Bidders considers Competitors.
Spectrum Constraints is the impact of Bidders.
Spectrum Blocks is the involve of Spectrum Allocation Issue.
Price Competition considers Mnos Heterogeneity.
Price Competition considers Users Heterogeneity.
Spectrum Leasing is the analyze of Mnos Heterogeneity.
Spectrum Leasing is the study of Pricing Competition.
Spectrum Leasing considers Social Welfare.
Spectrum Rights is the allocate of Spectrum Blocks.
User Responses is the influence of Pricing Competition.
Market Share is the affect of Revenues.
Nash Equilibrium is the describe of Service Prices.
Service Prices maximizes Utility Maximization.
Market Competition is the affects of Switching Costs.
Switching Costs is the affects of Market Competition.
Market Competition is the affects of Price Strategy.
Mnos is the affects of Market Share.
Mnos is the affects of Price Strategy.
Mnos is the affects of Nash Equilibrium.
Mnos is the affects of Price War.
Mnos is the affects of Spectrum Allocation.
Mnos is the affects of Revenue Maximization.
Lemma 1 is the characterizes of Price Strategy.
Lemma 2 is the characterizes of Deployment Time.
Emma 1 is the characterizes of Nash Equilibrium.
Emma 2 is the characterizes of Revenue Decrease.
Proposition 1 is the characterizes of Nash Equilibrium.
Proposition 2 is the characterizes of Equilibrium Prices.
User Churn is the affects of Market Share.
Nash Equilibrium is the characterizes of Bidding Strategies.
First-Price Sealed-Bid Auction is the characterizes of Bidding Strategies.
Spiteful Mnos is the characterizes of Bidding Strategies.
Objective Function is the characterizes of Bidding Strategies.
Reserve Prices is the affects of Auction Fairness.
Xmath2 is the coefficient of of Xmath134.
Xmath3 is the coefficient of of Xmath134.
Xmath2 haves Xmath122.
Xmath2 haves Xmath123.
Xmath135 sets Xmath123.
Xmath135 sets Xmath124.
Xmath136 sets Xmath122.
Xcite is the reduces by of Xmath6.
Xmath6 is the coefficient of of Xmath126.
Xmath6 is the coefficient of of Xmath127.