Metamaterials haves Electric.
Metamaterials haves Magnetic.
Metamaterials haves Wave Vector.
Metamaterials haves Electromagnetic Field.
Metamaterials haves Nonlinear Optical Phenomena.
Left-Handed Materials haves Experimental Realization.
Left-Handed Materials haves Negative Refractive Index.
Balk Material observes Negative Refractive Index.
Double Resonance Materials haves Electromagnetic Pulse Propagation.
Computer Simulation requires Double Resonance Materials.
Double Resonance Materials haves Multilevel Atoms.
Homogeneous Medium haves Electromagnetic Pulse Propagation.
Maxwell-Lorentz Model is the describes of Electrodynamics.
Maxwell-Lorentz Model is the describes of Harmonic Oscillators.
Maxwell-Lorentz Model is the describes of Plasma Oscillation.
Maxwell-Lorentz Model is the describes of Anharmonisity.
Magnetic Resonances is the uses of Maxwell-Lorentz Model.
Dimensionless Form is the applies to of Maxwell-Lorentz Model.
Solitary-Wave Solutions is the applies to of Dimensionless Form.
Traveling Wave Solution bes Solitary-Wave Solutions.
Homoclinic Solutions bes Traveling Wave Solution.
Potential Energy Landscape is the affects of Homoclinic Solutions.
Newtonian Particle Trajectory is the affects of Homoclinic Solutions.
Critical Point bes Equilibrium Solution.
Pulse Solutions is the affects of Homoclinic Solutions.
Hamiltonian Structure is the affects of Pulse Solutions.
Time Reversal Symmetry is the affects of Homoclinic Solutions.
Optimization Problem requires Solitary-Wave Solutions.
Simulated Annealing is the uses of Optimization Problem.
Fig2 is the illustrates of Fig3.
Fig2 is the illustrates of Fig4.
Fig3 is the illustrates of Fig6.
Fig6 is the illustrates of Fig7.
Profiles:1 - 4 is the collects of Energy : Per : Single : Hump.
Fig : Ev6Prop is the depicts of Fig : Energy.
Fig : Goldgauss3D is the depicts of Fig : Energy.
Fig : Sharpgauss3D is the depicts of Fig : Energy.
Fig : Widegauss3D is the depicts of Fig : Energy.
Energyic provides Fig : Energy.
Dimensionless : System is the solves of Num_Waves.
Params is the uses of Dimensionless : System.
Dimensionless : System is the utilizes of Mesh Intervals Per Unit Length.
Thehumpdistribution is the illustrates of Profiles:1 - 4.
Solitary Wave Solutions haves Stability.
Solitary Wave Solutions haves Perturbations.
Stability studys Collisions.
Collisions is the utilized method of Computer Simulations.
Computer Simulations indicates Scattering.
Computer Simulations follows Radiation.
Computer Simulations follows Phase Shift.
Solitary Wave Solutions is the co-exist with of Nonlinear Oscillatory Solutions.
Frenkel supports Nsf Emsw21-Rtg Grant.
Frenkel bases Ph.D. Thesis.
Frenkel is the partially supported by of Nsf Grant Dms-0509589.
Frenkel is the partially supported by of Aro - Muri Award 50342-Ph - Mur.
Frenkel is the partially supported by of State Of Arizona Proposition 301.
Frenkel is the partially supported by of Russian Foundation For Basic Research Grant 06 - 02 - 16406.
Roytburd is the partially supported by of National Science Foundation.
Roytburd performs Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory.
Roytburd is the performed work during of Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory.
M. Stepanov acknowledges Frenkel.