Magnetic Field is the permeates of Solar Corona.
Magnetic Field infers Photosphere.
Satellite Mission is the observes of Photosphere.
Satellite Mission is the observes of Magnetic Flux Concentrations.
Magnetic Flux Concentrations observes Photosphere.
Magnetic Flux Concentrations is the exhibits of Power-Law Distribution.
Magnetic Field Extrapolations bases Photospheric Polarity Distributions.
Magnetic Field Extrapolations is the exhibits of Complexity.
Evolution understands Coronal Magnetic Field.
Tools is the characterise of Coronal Magnetic Field.
Photosphere segregates Flux Patches.
Flux Patches is the defines of Coronal Flux Domains.
Coronal Flux Domains is the between of Separatrix Surfaces.
Separatrix Surfaces is the emanate from of Magnetic Null Points.
Separatrix Surfaces is the forms of Separator Field Line.
Separator Field Line is the connects of Magnetic Null Points.
Separator Field Line is the intersection of of Flux Domains.
Magnetic Field Extrapolations is the reveal of Web Of Null Points.
Web Of Null Points is the forms of Separatrix Surfaces.
Separatrix Surfaces is the mapping between of Boundary Points.
Separatrix Surfaces is the exhibits of Discontinuities.
Separatrix Surfaces associates Quasi-Separatrix Layers (Qsls).
Magnetic Null Points is the formation of of Current Layers.
Current Layers is the occurs at of Magnetic Reconnection.
Magnetic Reconnection is the releases stored of Magnetic Energy.
Current Layers associates Solar Flares.
Current Layers is the properties explain of Solar Wind.
Solar Wind characterises Slow Solar Wind.
Solar Wind is the generation of of Impulsive Solar Energetic Particle (Sep) Events.
Solar Wind is the explains properties of of Open-Closed Flux Boundary.
Global Magnetic Field is the excludes outflowing plasma of Solar Wind.
Global Magnetic Field characterises Coronal Field.
Coronal Field is the contains of Polar Coronal Holes.
Coronal Field is the contains of Closed Flux.
Coronal Field is the separates of Separatrix Surfaces.
Separatrix Surfaces is the meets at of Heliospheric Current Sheet (Hcs).
Global Magnetic Field is the nature of of Open-Closed Flux Boundary.
Open-Closed Flux Boundary mediates Interchange Reconnection.
Interchange Reconnection is the acceleration of of Solar Wind.
Interchange Reconnection is the addresses of Magnetic Field Structure.
Magnetic Field Structure is the questions of Topological Admissibility.
Magnetic Field Structure observes Latitudinal Extension.
Global Magnetic Field is the models of Coronal Field.
Coronal Field distributes Open Flux.
Coronal Field requires Current Sheets.
Coronal Field is the formation of of Null Points.
Coronal Field is the forms of Spiral Nulls.
Flux Ring is the simulates of Magnetic Reconnection.
Flux Ring is the simulates of Location.
Flux Ring is the simulates of Volume.
Method is the describes of Flux Ring.
Method is the describes of Magnetic Reconnection.
Field haves Flux Ring Field.
Flux Ring is the superimposes of Equation.
Flux Ring is the collapses towards of Spine.
Flux Ring is the collapses towards of Fan.
Flux Ring centres Null Point.
Flux Ring is the describes of Flux Ring Size.
Flux Ring locates Plane.
Flux Ring is the describes of Effect.
Flux Ring is the generates of Flux Ropes.
Flux Ring is the leads to of Bifurcation.
Flux Ring is the contains of Parameters.
Magnetic Field is the describes of State 1B.
Connectivity Map is the plots of Field Lines.
Footpoints is the traces of Boundary.
Closed Field Lines is the return to of Boundary.
Open Field Lines is the exit through of Boundary.
Spiral Structures is the appear in of Connectivity Map.
Spiral Structures is the reproduce in of Connectivity Map.
Polar Coordinate System is the reproduce in of Connectivity Map.
Dynamic Mhd Simulations is the compare to of Connectivity Map.
Squashing Factor is the visualises of Field Line Mapping.
Field Line Mapping is the traces of Footpoints.
Field Line Mapping is the distinguish of Boundary.
Spine-Fan Collapse is the occurs during of Separatrix.
Separatrix is the extends to of Boundary.
Separatrix bounds Boundary.
Flux Rope Pair locates Outflow Region.
Nulls haves Topological Degree.
Nulls is the with topological degree of Topological Degree.
Separators is the connects of Nulls.
Current Sheet is the forms at of Separators.
Current Sheet is the undergoes of Magnetic Reconnection.
Flux Ring is the simulates of Current Layer.
Flux Ring is the around of Separator.
Flux Ring is the superimposes of Flux Ring.
Flux Ring adds Flux Ring.
Flux Ring is the simulates of Flux Ring.
Flux Ring is the models of Flux Ring.
Flux Ring is the describes of Flux Ring.
Flux Ring is the presents of Flux Ring.