X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the applies to of Science.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the applies to of Atomic Length.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the applies to of Ultrafast Time Scales.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers locates Hamburg.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers locates Flash.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers locates Linac Coherent Light Source.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers locates Spring-8 Angstrom Compact Free Electron Laser.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Collective Effects.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Microbunching Instabilities.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Coherent Synchrotron Radiation.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Transverse Beam Brightness.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Fel Performance.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Coherent Radiation Effects.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Coherent Optical Transition Radiation.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Optical Wavelength Range.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Beam Profile Imaging.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Transverse Charge Distribution.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Electron Beam Diagnostics.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Emittance.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Bunch Length Diagnostics.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Laser Heater System.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Microbunching Gain Suppression.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Cotr.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Ultrashort Spikes.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Laser-Plasma Accelerators.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Ultra-Low Charge Operation.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Transition Radiation.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Charged Particle Beam.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Dielectric Properties.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Imaging Screen.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Scintillation Screens.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Scintillation Screens.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Electron Beam Profile Imaging.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Dispersive Beamlines.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Scintillation Imaging Screens.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Separation Techniques.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Experimental Setup.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Observations.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Self-Amplified Spontaneous Emission.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Extreme-Ultraviolet.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Soft X-Ray Radiation.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Superconducting Radio-Frequency Linear Accelerator.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Schematic Layout.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Injector.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Laser-Driven Normal Conducting Rf Gun.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Superconducting Accelerating Structures.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Magnetic Bunch Compressor Chicanes.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Undulator Magnet System.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Experimental Setups.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Third-Harmonic Rf System.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Linearization.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Longitudinal Phase Space.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Transverse Deflecting Rf Structure.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Time-Domain Electron Bunch Diagnostics.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Vertical Betatron Motion.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Vertical Shear Function.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Electron Bunch Current.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Bunch Length.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Screen Stations.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Magnetic Energy Spectrometer.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Fast Kicker Magnet.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Charge-Coupled Device.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Microbunching Instabilities.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Density Modulations.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Optical Wavelength Range.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Spectral Measurements.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Ring-Shaped Light Patterns.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Electron Beam Profile Diagnostics.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Collimator.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Achromatic Bending System.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Single-Shot Light Patterns.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Imaging Screens.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Non-Dispersive Main Beamline.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Longitudinal Phase Space Measurements.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Horizontal Betatron Motion.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Momentum Dispersion.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Relative Momentum Deviation.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Relativistic Electron Beams.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Electron Beam Energy.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Longitudinal Particle Motion.
X-Ray Free-Electron Lasers is the affects of Transfer Matrix Elements.
Angular Intensity Distribution denotes Three-Dimensional Wave Vector.
Transition Radiation emits Electron Bunch.
Electron Bunch is the with electrons and charge of Charge.
Intensity Distribution is the describes of Single Electron.
Form Factor is the normalized charge density of Charge Density.
Form Factor is the three-dimensional form factor of Three-Dimensional Wave Vector.
Density Modulations is the existence of of Charge Concentrations.
Density Modulations defines Cutoff Wavelength.
Density Modulations is the analytical treatment of of Density Modulations.
Density Modulations is the describes of Suppression Factor.
Density Modulations is the depends on of Cutoff Wavelength.
Density Modulations is the amount of of Density Modulations.
Density Modulations quantifys Bunching Factor.
Bunching Factor is the with the wavenumber of the modulation of Wavenumber.
Bunching Factor is the evolution of of Bunching Factor.
Bunching Factor induces Bunching Factor.
Bunching Factor neglects Bunching Factor.
Bunching Factor is the suppression of initial bunching of Suppression Factor.
Bunching Factor is the suppression factor defined as of Suppression Factor.
Bunching Factor expresss Suppression Factor.
Bunching Factor defines Cutoff Wavelength.
Cutoff Wavelength gives Suppression Factor.
Cutoff Wavelength is the suppression for ultrashort electron bunches of Suppression Factor.
Cutoff Wavelength lengthens Transverse Phase Space Parameters.
Cutoff Wavelength is the act like a low-pass filter of Transverse Phase Space Parameters.
Beam Energy is the consists of of Lorentz Factor.
Beam Energy is the with of Electron Bunch Charge.
Beam Energy normalizes Horizontal Emittance.
Beam Energy is the relative of Slice Energy Spread.
Beam Energy is the initial of Beta Function.
Beam Energy is the initial of Alpha Function.
Beam Energy is the depends on of Momentum Compaction Factor.
Initial Density Modulation defines Cutoff Wavelength.
Initial Density Modulation is the describes of Suppression Factor.
Initial Density Modulation is the depends on of Cutoff Wavelength.
Initial Density Modulation expresss Suppression Factor.
Initial Density Modulation is the general suppression of coherent emission of Suppression Factor.
Initial Density Modulation gives Cutoff Wavelength.
Initial Density Modulation is the act like a low-pass filter of Transverse Phase Space Parameters.
Cotr Emission impedes Electron Beam Diagnostics.
Cotr Emission generates Cotr Emission.
Cotr Emission localizes Cotr Emission.
Cotr Emission generates Cotr Emission.
Cotr Emission seems Cotr Emission.
Cotr Emission is the partially contains of Cotr Emission.
Cotr Emission is the suppression of of Cotr Emission.
Cotr Emission is the strong suppression of of Cotr Emission.
Cotr Emission dos Cotr Emission.
Cotr Emission is the incorrect representation in beam profile imaging of Transverse Charge Distribution.
Transverse Charge Distribution describes Intensity Distribution.
Transverse Charge Distribution is the convolution with of Point Spread Function.
Transverse Charge Distribution is the related term of of Point Spread Function.
Longitudinal Form Factor is the contributes to of Transverse Charge Distribution.
Longitudinal Form Factor is the describes actual field distribution of Transverse Charge Distribution.
Longitudinal Form Factor is the significant deviations can occur due to of Transverse Charge Distribution.
Longitudinal Form Factor is the suppression of of Longitudinal Form Factor.
Longitudinal Form Factor is the suppression factor defined as of Longitudinal Form Factor.
Longitudinal Form Factor defines Cutoff Wavelength.
Numerical Simulations uses Tracking Code.
Numerical Simulations uses Parameters.
Numerical Simulations summarizes Parameters.
Coherent Radiation is the suppression of Incoherent Radiation.
Incoherent Radiation is the indication of Spectral Intensity.
Transition Radiation is the composition of Spectral Intensity.
Electron Bunch is the restriction of Wavelengths.
Wavelengths is the dominance of Incoherent Radiation.
Spectra is the requirement of Optics.
Scintillators is the emission of Light.
Detector is the requirement of Optical Transition Radiation.
Temporal Responses is the comparison of Decay Times.
Common Scintillators is the emission of Excited States.
Ot is the emission of Light.
Iccd Cameras is the utilization of Control Voltage.
Control Voltage is the regulation of Photocathode.
Photocathode is the activation of Micro-Channel Plate.
Decay Time is the utilization of Iccd Cameras.
Wire - Scanner is the verification of Electron Bunch Charge.
Integrated Image Intensities is the measurement of Electron Bunch Charge.
Electron Bunch Profiles is the comparison of Energy Spectrometer.
Transverse Beam Profiles is the variation of Twiss Parameters.
Twiss Parameters is the influence of Dispersion.
Electron Bunch Length is the effect of Energy Chirp.
Rf Phase is the adjustment of Electron Bunch Length.
Electron Beam is the implies of Time Information.
Electron Beam is the may be assigned to of Microbunching.
Electron Beam is the shows contributions of of Coherent Optical Radiation.
K-Iccd takes Luag Screen.
K-Iccd is the for an of Acc1 Rf Phase.
Electron Bunch Length Measurements is the in perfect agreement with of Energy Spectrometer.
Electron Bunch Durations is the for fel operation at of Flash.
Coherent Optical Radiation Effects is the suppresses by performing beam profile imaging in of Iccd Camera.
Magnetic Energy Spectrometer is the precludes measuring of Transverse Beam Profiles.
Iccd Camera haves Standard Ccd Cameras.
Iccd Camera is the suppresses without knowledge of the longitudinal form factor of Coherent Optical Radiation.
Iccd Camera is the suppresses of Coherent Optical Transition Radiation.
Iccd Camera demonstrates Reliable Measurements Of Longitudinal Electron Beam Profiles.
Iccd Camera is the measurements in excellent agreement with reference measurements in a magnetic energy spectrometer of R.M.S. Electron Bunch Lengths.
Iccd Camera promises Beam Profile Diagnostics.
Beam Profile Diagnostics is the for of High-Brightness Electron Beams.