Decay Rate is the depends on of Function.
Decay Rate causes Outgrowth.
Outgrowth is the at of Momentum.
Outgrowth is the opening for of Plasmon Decay Channel.
Plasmon Decay Channel is the for of Transitions.
Transitions is the between of Subbands.
Subbands reflects Spin Components.
Spin Components is the in of Direction.
Direction is the of of Exciting Energy.
Direction is the in of Imfp.
Imfp is the basis of of Spin Asymmetry.
Spin Asymmetry is the drives by of Spin Filter Effect.
Spin Filter Effect is the through of Electron Transport.
Quantum Well is the with of Spin - Orbit Interaction.
Spin - Orbit Interaction includes Rashba.
Spin - Orbit Interaction includes Dresselhaus.
Electron Gas characterizes Material Parameters.
Material Parameters is the for of Quantum Well.
Quantum Well considers Cases.
Cases is the of of Influence.
Cases is the for of Subbands.
Cases is the on of Momentum Scale.
Cases is the smoothing of of Sharp Forms.
Sharp Forms concerns Peak.
Peak is the opening for of Plasmon Decay Channel.
Cases is the on of Energy Scale.
Energy Scale is the between of Decay Rates.
Decay Rates is the for of Subbands.
Subbands is the depend on of Polar Angle.
Polar Angle is the to be of Mean Free Path.
Mean Free Path bes Angle- And Subband - Dependent.
Energy Scale is the between of Distinctions.
Distinctions is the for of Decay Rates.
Decay Rates is the for of Subbands.
Subbands is the depend on of Polar Angle.
Polar Angle is the to be of Mean Free Path.
Mean Free Path bes Angle- And Subband - Dependent.
Cases is the on of Energy Scale.
Energy Scale is the behave in of Decay Rate.
Decay Rate is the in of Hypothetical Case.
Hypothetical Case is the demonstrates of Decay Rate.
Decay Rate is the with of Anisotropy.
Anisotropy is the within of Subband Dependence.
Subband Dependence is the of of Spin Asymmetry.
Spin Asymmetry is the in of Decay Rate.
Decay Rate is the can decay into of Holes.
Holes is the into of Plasmons.
Holes is the in of Impossible.
Holes is the without of Electron Gas.
Electron Gas is the without of Spin - Orbit Interaction.
Spin - Orbit Interaction is the impossible in of Holes.
University performs Supercomputer.
References is the from of Literature.
Literature is the evident from of Figure.