Surface Brightness Fluctuation Signal is the signal of Unresolved Stars.
Surface Brightness Fluctuation Signal is the signal of Distant Galaxies.
Surface Brightness Fluctuation Signal is the signal of Early-Type Dwarf Galaxies.
Surface Brightness Fluctuation Signal is the signal of Extragalactic Distance Indicators.
Extragalactic Distance Indicators is the indicator of Trgb.
Extragalactic Distance Indicators is the indicator of Rr Lyrae Stars.
Surface Brightness Fluctuation Signal is the quantifies of Fourier Analysis Techniques.
Fourier Analysis Techniques is the quantifies of Mean Stellar Flux.
Fourier Analysis Techniques is the quantifies of Ccd Pixel.
Fourier Analysis Techniques is the quantifies of Rms Variation.
Rms Variation is the due to of Poisson Noise.
Surface Brightness Fluctuation Signal applys Dwarf Galaxy.
Surface Brightness Fluctuation Signal applys Giant Ellipticals.
Surface Brightness Fluctuation Signal applys Mw Globular Clusters.
Tonry applys Surface Brightness Fluctuation Signal.
Jerjen applys Surface Brightness Fluctuation Signal.
Rekola applys Surface Brightness Fluctuation Signal.
Surface Brightness Fluctuation Signal finds De Galaxies.
De Galaxies is the most numerous at of Cosmological Epoch.
Surface Brightness Fluctuation Signal is the offers of Wide-Field Ccd Imaging.
Surface Brightness Fluctuation Signal publishs Sbf Distances.
Sbf Distances is the as distant as of Early-Type Dwarf Galaxies.
Sbf Distances is the require for of Minimal Requirements.
Minimal Requirements is the include of Galaxy Morphology.
Stellar System is the light distribution of of Galaxy Morphology.
Galaxy Morphology is the crucial as of Elliptical Shape.
Galaxy Morphology is the part of of Sbf Analysis.
Minimal Requirements is the require calibrated of Photometry.
Photometry requires Ccd Images.
Photometry is the in two of Photometric Bands.
Photometry shows Fluctuation Magnitude.
Minimal Requirements is the require of Image Quality.
Image Quality is the where of Fwhm.
Fwhm bes Half-Light Radius.
Minimal Requirements is the require of Integration Time.
Integration Time is the mean of of Surface Brightness.
Integration Time is the of the of Sky Background.
Integration Time is the estimates of Distance Modulus.
Integration Time is the of the underlying of Fluctuation Luminosity.
Integration Time is the of a star providing of Magnitude.
Surface Brightness Fluctuation Signal is the for the analysis of of Minimal Requirements.
Surface Brightness Fluctuation Signal requires Exposure Time.
Exposure Time is the above of Shot Noise Level.
Shot Noise Level is the in of Power Spectrum.
Power Spectrum determines Sbf Distance.
Sbf Distance is the approximately of Signal-To-Noise.
Signal-To-Noise sees Rekola Et Al..
Rekola Et Al. is the in of Figure 8.
Rekola Et Al. is the depends on of Image Quality.
Rekola Et Al. requires Exposure Time.
Rekola Et Al. is the with a mean surface brightness of of Galaxy.
Rekola Et Al. requires Exposure Time.
Rekola Et Al. is the to achieve a of Exposure Time.
Rekola Et Al. bes Exposure Time.
Rekola Et Al. is the by a factor of of Exposure Time.
Rekola Et Al. spends Hst.
Rekola Et Al. is the to measure of Trgb Distance.
Rekola Et Al. is the at a similar distance of Dwarf Elliptical.
Rekola Et Al. is the previous of Sbf Work.
Rekola Et Al. entails Individuals.
Rekola Et Al. selects Galaxy Images.
Rekola Et Al. is the make as impartial as possible of Results.
Rekola Et Al. is the more efficient of Data Reduction.
Rekola Et Al. develops Sapac.
Sapac carrys Sbf Analysis.
Sapac is the of any of Early-Type Galaxy.
Ccd Data is the meets of Requirements.
Reduction Steps is the include of Fluctuation Magnitude Calibration.
Reduction Steps is the of the of Galaxy Modelling.
Reduction Steps is the of of Foreground Star Removal.
Reduction Steps is the selection of of Sbf Fields.
Jerjen (2003) is the description of of Fluctuation Magnitude Calibration.
Sapac is the consists of of Perl Scripts.
Sapac is the uses of Iraf Module.
Sapac writes Graphical User Interface.
Galaxy Images is the selecting in of Regions.
Sapac is the potential of Users.
Users is the contact of Laura Dunn.