Neutron Stars powers Accretion.
Black Holes powers Accretion.
X-Ray Binaries attributes Variability.
Variability associates Time Scales.
Accretion Flow is the around of Black Holes.
Accretion Flow is the around of Neutron Stars.
Lmxbs feeds Accretion Disk.
Accretion Disk is the produces of Qpo.
Power Spectra observes Qpo.
Neutron Stars is the possess of Magnetic Field.
Neutron Stars is the possess of Hard Surface.
Black Holes is the possess of Isco.
Qpo bases Magnetic Field.
Qpo bases Hard Surface.
Qpo bases Isco.
X-Ray Power Density Spectrum detects Black Holes.
X-Ray Power Density Spectrum detects Neutron Stars.
Black Holes observes High-Frequency Qpos.
Neutron Stars observes Khz Qpos.
Khz Qpos correlates Low Frequency Power Spectral Components.
Khz Qpos correlates High-Frequency Qpos.
Black Holes is the weak features of High-Frequency Qpos.
Black Holes is the strongest at of Photon Energies Above 6 Kev.
Black Holes is the when dominates of Disk Component.
Black Holes is the no significant correlation with of Luminosity.
Neutron Stars correlates Luminosity.
Black Holes is the negligible compared to neutron stars of Frequency Shifts.
Neutron Stars is the variations in frequencies of Frequency Shifts.
Black Holes is the low-quality of Quality Factors.
Khz Qpos is the strongest at of Photon Energies Above 6 Kev.
Black Holes detects Qpo Pairs.
Neutron Stars detects Qpo Pairs.
Black Holes bases High-Frequency Qpos.
Neutron Stars bases Khz Qpos.
Black Holes is the different effects from neutron stars of Boundary Conditions.
Neutron Stars is the different effects from black holes of Boundary Conditions.
High-Frequency Qpos observes Black Holes.
High-Frequency Qpos bases Spectral State.
High-Frequency Qpos observes Luminous States.
Accretion Disk Truncation expects Black Holes.
Mhd Simulations produces Inner Regions.
Disk Modes interprets Disk Oscillations.
X-Ray Power Spectra explores Disk Modes.
General Relativistic Test-Particle Frequencies employs Neutron Stars.
General Relativistic Test-Particle Frequencies employs Black Holes.
Disk Oscillations is the variability in of X-Ray Power Spectra.
Psaltis & Norman reveals Hydrodynamic Corrections.
Psaltis & Norman is the effect on of Hydrodynamic Disk Parameters.
Alpar & Psaltis is the highest dynamical frequency of Radial Epicyclic Frequency.
Boundary Regions studys Global Hydrodynamic Modes.
Pseudo-Newtonian Potential incorporates Relativistic Effects.
Pseudo-Newtonian Potential affects Accretion Flows.
Dynamical Frequencies is the ratio with of Radial Epicyclic Frequency.
Dynamical Frequencies is the ratio with of Orbital Frequency.
Radial Epicyclic Frequency is the highest dynamical frequency of Neutron Stars.
Radial Epicyclic Frequency is the highest dynamical frequency of Black Holes.
Orbital Frequency is the highest dynamical frequency of Neutron Stars.
Orbital Frequency is the highest dynamical frequency of Black Holes.
Equations is the perturbed for of Geometrically Thin Disk.
Equations is the perturbed for of Vertical Hydrostatic Equilibrium.
Equations is the leads to identification of of Fourier Decomposition.
Fourier Decomposition is the leads to identification of of Complex Mode Frequencies.
Complex Mode Frequencies is the correspond to real parts of of Axisymmetric Mode Frequencies.
Complex Mode Frequencies is the correspond to real parts of of Nonaxisymmetric Mode Frequencies.
Axisymmetric Mode Frequencies is the correspond to real parts of of Frequency Bands Of Qpos.
Nonaxisymmetric Mode Frequencies is the correspond to real parts of of Frequency Bands Of Qpos.
Axisymmetric Mode Frequencies is the determine of Growth Rates Of Oscillations.
Nonaxisymmetric Mode Frequencies is the determine of Growth Rates Of Oscillations.
Global Mode Analysis is the depend on of Frequency Bands.
Global Mode Analysis is the depend on of Growth Rates.
Global Mode Analysis is the depend on of Key Parameters.
Mass Accretion Rates is the accrete matter through of Black Holes In Lmxbs.
Black Holes In Lmxbs haves Radiatively Efficient Accretion Disks.
Radiatively Efficient Accretion Disks estimates Innermost Truncation Radius.
Innermost Truncation Radius estimates Isco.
Isco is the solution of of Equation.
Isco is the determines of Radial Profile Of The Surface Density.
Isco is the determines of Growth Rates Of The Modes.
Unperturbed Steady Structure describes Radiation Pressure Dominated Inner Disk.
Radiation Pressure Dominated Inner Disk satisfys Vertical Hydrostatic Equilibrium In The Disk.
Radiation Pressure Dominated Inner Disk describes Average Mass Density.
Average Mass Density expresss Surface Mass Density.
Vertical Energy Balance satisfys Inner Disk.
Vertical Energy Balance satisfys Electron Scattering Opacity.
Vertical Energy Balance satisfys Energy Dissipation Rate.
Energy Flux Due To Viscous Energy Dissipation is the depends on of Kinematic Viscosity.
Kinematic Viscosity is the can be written as of Prescription.
Geometrically Thin Disk writes Radial Momentum Balance.
Radial Momentum Balance is the mimics gravitational field of of Pseudo-Newtonian Potential.
Radial Momentum Balance is the source of acceleration of Pseudo-Newtonian Force.
Pseudo-Newtonian Force is the source of acceleration of Radial Drift Velocity.
Conservation Of Mass satisfys Radial Drift Velocity.
Conservation Of Angular Momentum satisfys Radial Drift Velocity.
Conservation Of Angular Momentum is the involves of Arbitrary Constant Of Integration.
Conservation Of Angular Momentum is the solve using of Solution.
Solution is the at innermost disk radius of Torque-Free Boundary Condition.
Solution is the determine to satisfy of Constant Of Integration.
Solution follows Equations.
Equations follows Radial Momentum Balance.
Equations follows Conservation Of Angular Momentum.
Equations bes Typical Value For The Radiation Flux.
Typical Value For The Radiation Flux is the depends on of Function.
Typical Value For The Radiation Flux is the depends on of Spin Parameter.
Typical Value For The Radiation Flux is the for of Prograde Accretion Disks Around Rotating Black Holes.
Prograde Accretion Disks Around Rotating Black Holes is the arise from of Dimensionless Factors.
Dimensionless Factors is the arise from of Boundary Conditions.
Dimensionless Factors is the arise from of Pseudo-Newtonian Corrections.
Dimensionless Factors is the for of Illustrative Purposes.
Illustrative Purposes is the display in of Radial Distributions Of The Outgoing Radiation Flux.
Radial Distributions Of The Outgoing Radiation Flux is the throughout of Inner Disk.
Inner Disk is the for of Putative Black Holes.
Putative Black Holes is the with of Spin Parameters.
Putative Black Holes identifys Radial Zone.
Radial Zone is the where modes grow of Inner Disk.
Radial Zone is the maximum at of Radiation Flux.
Radial Zone is the with spin parameters of Black Holes.
Radial Zone is the close to of Frequency Ratio.
Radial Zone is the maximum at of Disk Flux.
Radial Zone is the grow throughout an extended region of Modes.
Modes is the distinguish among of Pairs Of Growing Modes.
Pairs Of Growing Modes considers Plausible Candidates.
Plausible Candidates is the for black hole systems of High-Frequency Qpo Pairs.
High-Frequency Qpo Pairs is the estimation for of Frequency Ratio.
High-Frequency Qpo Pairs is the involves of Two Highest Frequency Modes.
Two Highest Frequency Modes is the examples for of Surface Density Perturbations.
Xmath151 is the illustration of Xmath162.
Xmath163 is the perturbations of Xmath162.
Xmath164 is the amplitude comparison of Xmath163.
Xmath165 is the amplitude comparison of Xmath166.
Xmath166 is the comparable amplitude of Xmath164.
Xmath167 is the amplitude comparison of Xmath151.
Xmath168 is the radial distances of Xmath169.
Xmath169 is the radial distances of Xmath168.
Xmath169 is the around isco of Xmath170.
Xmath168 is the radial distances of Xmath171.
Xmath172 is the range for rotating black hole of Xmath173.
Xmath173 is the range for rotating black hole of Xmath172.
Xmath3 is the higher growth rates of Xmath103.
Xmath104 is the lower growth rates of Xmath0.
Xmath88 is the comparison of Xmath89.
Xmath54 is the effect on growth rates of Xmath178.
Xmath174 is the highest values of Xmath172.
Xmath2 is the frequency ratio of Xmath3.
Xmath2 is the frequency ratio of Xmath177.
Xmath137 is the spin parameter of Xmath2.
Xmath138 is the frequency ratio estimation of Xmath6.