Supersolidity Phenomenon is the realization of Solid Helium.
Crystalline Order is the combination of Superfluidity.
Experimental Investigations is the attainment of Consensus.
Observing Effects is the dependency of Growing Conditions.
Observing Effects is the dependency of Annealing Degree.
Special Modeling is the appearance of Hcp Crystal.
Hcp Crystal is the non-appearance of Supersolidity Phenomenon.
Authors is the connection of Effects.
Effects is the association of Solid Helium.
Possible Kinds Of Disorder is the inclusion of Defects.
Possible Kinds Of Disorder is the inclusion of Grain Boundaries.
Possible Kinds Of Disorder is the inclusion of Glass Phase.
Possible Kinds Of Disorder is the inclusion of Liquid Inclusions.
Interpretation Of Experiments is the relevance of Flow Of Superfluid Helium.
Liquid Channels is the existence of Ultralow Temperatures.
Nuclear Magnetic Resonance (Nmr) is the requirement of Nuclei Of Helium.
Nuclei Of Helium is the transformation of Dilute Helium-Helium Mixture.
Nuclear Magnetic Resonance (Nmr) is the measurement of Diffusion Coefficient.
Diffusion Coefficient is the comparison of Coexisting Phases.
Diffusion Coefficient is the relation of Spin Diffusion Coefficient.
Pulsed Nmr Technique is the measurement of Spin Diffusion Coefficient.
Carr-Purcell Spin-Echo Method is the measurement of Spin Diffusion Coefficient.
Stimulated Echo Method is the measurement of Spin Diffusion Coefficient.
Phase Transition Processes is the impact of Spin Diffusion Coefficient.
Spin Diffusion Coefficient is the identification of Thermal Phases.
Liquid Phase is the influence of Crystal Quality.
Pressure Variations is the control of Temperature Variations.
Capillary Blocking Method is the application of Crystal Cooling.
Copper Cell is the connection of Nmr Coil.
Copper Cell is the connection of Pressure Gauges.
Copper Cell is the connection of Resistance Thermometers.
Crystal Cooling is the control of Pressure Variations.
Crystal Cooling is the control of Temperature Variations.
Thermal Treatment is the improvement of Crystal Quality.
Thermal Treatment is the application of Annealing.
Thermal Treatment is the application of Thermocycling.
Thermal Treatment is the application of Hcp Single Phase Region.
Spin Diffusion Coefficient Measurement is the determination of Echo Amplitude.
Echo Amplitude is the dependency of Magnetic Field Gradient.
Echo Amplitude is the dependency of Gyromagnetic Ratio.
Echo Amplitude is the numeration of Coexisting Phases.
Echo Amplitude is the calculation of Diffusion Coefficients.
Echo Amplitude is the calculation of Relative Content.
Duration Parameters is the adjustment of Echo Amplitude.
Data Analysis is the application of Curve Piece.
Curve Piece is the correspondence of Diffusion In Liquid Phase.
Curve Piece is the correspondence of Diffusion In Hcp Phase.
Diffusion In Liquid Phase is the association of Liquid Phase.
Diffusion In Hcp Phase is the association of Hcp Phase.
Diffusion In Liquid Phase is the indication of Phase Ratio.
Quenched Sample is the presence of Liquid-Like Inclusions.
Liquid-Like Inclusions is the formation of Bcc Phase.
Liquid-Like Inclusions is the formation of Hcp Phase.
Liquid-Like Inclusions is the connection of Phase Transition Processes.
Liquid-Like Inclusions is the connection of Dynamics Of Phase Ratio.
Pressure Relaxation is the confirmation of Quenched Sample.
Rapid Cooling is the formation of Liquid-Like Inclusions.
Crystallization is the transformation of Liquid-Like Inclusions.
Defects is the connection of Pressure Relaxation.
B.Cowan is the acknowledgment of Nmr Spectrometer.
Work is the support of Grant Stcu # 3718.
Work is the support of Program Of Cooperation In Research And Education In Science And Technology.
Work is the support of Ministry Of Education And Science Of Ukraine.