Optomechanical System is the consists of of Microdisk Resonator.
Optomechanical System is the consists of of Waveguide.
Optomechanical System is the enables study of of Reactive Effects.
Reactive Effects is the explains origin in of Optomechanical Coupling.
Microdisk Resonator is the depends on of Extrinsic Losses.
Waveguide is the lead to of Gradient Forces.
Optomechanical System is the more effective in achieving of Cooling.
Cooling is the desirable for studying of Quantum Effects.
Optomechanical System is the examines of Nonlinear Response.
Microdisk Resonator is the responds to of Pump Probe Fields.
Optomechanical System is the reports on of Normal Mode Splitting.
Normal Mode Splitting is the discusses in of Output Fields.
Output Fields is the with or without of Dispersive Coupling.
Output Fields is the with or without of Reactive Coupling.
Output Fields is the occurs in of Normal Mode Splitting.
Optomechanical System describes Hamiltonian.
Cavity Field couples Waveguide Energy.
Waveguide is the interact with of Interaction Terms.
Waveguide is the affects of Cavity Decay Rate.
Waveguide affects Damping Terms.
Optomechanical System is the discusses of Time Evolutions.
Time Evolutions is the calculates of Expectation Values.
Time Evolutions is the calculates of Output Fields.
Output Fields is the discusses in of Normal Mode Splitting.
Optomechanical System is the utilizes of Input-Output Relation.
Response At Pump Frequency is the affects of Output Fields.
Response At Stokes Frequency is the affects of Output Fields.
Field At Anti-Stokes Frequency is the generates of Output Fields.
Output Fields is the determines of Roots Of The Denominator.
Output Fields is the depends on of Detuning.
Output Fields is the measures of Quadratures.
Optomechanical System is the determines of Gain.
Optomechanical System is the generates of Anti-Stokes Radiation.
Optomechanical System is the causes of Four-Wave Mixing.
Design is the occurs of Dispersive Optomechanical Coupling.
Design is the exclusively of Dispersive Optomechanical Coupling.
Design is the optomechanical coupling of Dispersive Optomechanical Coupling.