Quantum Information Processing requires Pure State.
Quantum Information Processing is the example of Shor'S Prime Factorizing Algorithm.
Quantum Information Processing is the example of Grover Search Algorithm.
Pseudo Pure State (Pps) is the method of creation of Spatial Averaging.
Pseudo Pure State (Pps) is the method of creation of Logical Labeling.
Pseudo Pure State (Pps) is the method of creation of Temporal Averaging.
Pseudo Pure State (Pps) is the method of creation of Spatially Averaged Logical Labeling Technique (Sallt).
Quantum Information Processing is the alternate strategy of Quantum Error Correction.
Quantum Information Processing is the alternate strategy of Noiseless Subspace.
Relaxation Of Pseudo Pure States is the study of of Pseudo Pure State (Pps).
Von Neumann-Liouville Equation is the describes of Time Dependent Dipole-Dipole Interaction.
Von Neumann-Liouville Equation is the describes of Chemical Shift Anisotropy (Csa).
Von Neumann-Liouville Equation is the describes of Quadrupolar Interaction.
Von Neumann-Liouville Equation is the describes of Spin Rotation Interaction.
Decoherence Of Quantum Coherence is the study of of Off-Diagonal Elements In Density Matrix.
Magnetization Modes is the describes of Equilibrium Density Matrix.
Magnetization Modes is the describes of Two Spin System.
Density Matrix is the describes of Pseudo Pure States Of A Two-Qubit System.
Density Matrix is the describes of Relaxation Matrix.
Relaxation Matrix is the describes of Mutual Dipolar Interaction.
Relaxation Matrix is the describes of Csa Relaxation.
Relaxation Matrix is the describes of Nuclear Overhauser Effect (Noe).
Relaxation Matrix is the describes of Cross-Correlation Term.
Auto-Correlation Rates is the relates to of Pps.
Pps haves Relaxation Of Pseudo Pure State.
Pps haves Decay Of Pps.
Pps haves Growth Of Coefficients.
Pps haves Decay Rate.
Pps haves Relaxation Measurement.
Pps haves Memory Qubits.
Pps haves Fidelity Of Computation.
Pps haves Simulation.
Pps haves Data Processing.
Pps haves Spectrometer.
Pps haves Quantum Information And Computation.
Pps haves Quantum Computation And Quantum Information.
Pps haves Polynomial-Time Algorithms.
Pps haves Ensemble Quantum Computing.
Pps haves Nuclear Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy.
Pps haves Bulk Spin-Resonance Quantum Computation.
Pps haves Bulk Quantum Computation.
Pps haves Quantum-Logic Operations.
Pps haves Deutsch-Jozsa Algorithm.
Pps haves Noncommuting Selective Pulses.
Pps haves Quantum Computations By Nmr.
Pps haves Effective Pure States.
Pps haves Ensemble Quantum-Information Processing By Nmr.
Pps haves Universal Quantum Computation.
Pps haves Teleportation.
Pps haves Quantum Error Correcting Codes.
Pps haves Noiseless Subsystems.
J. C. C. Freitas publishs Phys . A. 68 ( 2003 ) 022311.
F. Bloch publishs Phys . 70 ( 1946 ) 460.
A. G. Redfield publishs Adv . Res . 1 ( 1966 ) 1.
J. Von Neumann authors Mathematische Grund Lagen Der Quantenmechanik.
R. T. Beyer translates Mathematical Foundations Of Quantum Mechanics.
A. Abragam authors Principles Of Nuclear Magnetic Resonance.
Anil Kumar publishs Prog . In Nucl . Res . Spec . 37 ( 2000 ) 191 - 319.
H. Schneider publishs Ann . ( 1964 ) 313.
H. Schneider publishs Ann . ( 1965 ) 135.
J. S. Blicharski publishs Phys . ( 1967 ) 608.
P. S. Hubbard publishs Phys . 180 ( 1969 ) 319.
W. H. Zurek publishs Phys . D. 26 ( 1982 ) 1862.
G. Teklemariam publishs Phys . A. 67 ( 2003 ) 062316.
Ersnt authors Principles Of Nuclear Magnetic Resonance In One And Two Dimensions.
J. A. Jones authors Quantum Logic Gates And Nuclear Magnetic Resonance Pulse Sequences.
M. Carravetta publishs J. Am . ( 2004 ) 6228.
M. Carravetta publishs Phys . 92 ( 2004 ) 153003.