Modulational Instability is the refers to of Periodic Perturbation.
Periodic Perturbation is the perturbs of Intense Continuous Wave.
Periodic Perturbation is the interplay with of Dispersion.
Periodic Perturbation is the interplay with of Nonlinearity.
Modulational Instability studys Physics.
Modulational Instability studys Water Waves.
Modulational Instability studys Plasmas.
Modulational Instability studys Optical Devices.
Cubic Nonlinearity uses Nonlinear Schrdinger Equation.
Nonlinear Schrdinger Equation uses Optical Fibers.
Nonlinear Schrdinger Equation is the explains physical mechanism of of Four-Wave Mixing.
Pump involves Four-Wave Mixing.
Signal involves Four-Wave Mixing.
Idler Waves involves Four-Wave Mixing.
Dispersion is the regulates of Group-Velocity Dispersion.
Detuned Cavities is the occur in of Modulational Instability.
External Driving is the interferes with of Detuned Cavities.
Recirculating Pulse is the interferes with of Detuned Cavities.
Modulational Instability is the occur in of Dispersion Oscillating Fibers.
Dispersion Oscillating Fibers is the attract renewed attention in of Detuned Cavities.
Dispersion Oscillating Fibers is the generate of Solitons.
Parametric Resonance is the explains occurrence of of Unstable Frequency Bands.
Linearized Systems realizes Parametric Resonance.
Optical Fibers is the investigations performed with of Sinusoidal Modulation.
Optical Fibers is the investigations performed with of Amplitude Modulated.
Optical Fibers is the investigations performed with of Periodic Modulation.
Modulational Instability studys Dirac Delta Spikes.
Dirac Delta Spikes exploits Fiber Optic Transmission Systems.
Dirac Delta Spikes exploits Soliton Based Fiber Lasers.
Dispersion-Profiled Fibers is the generate of Solitons.
Kicked Systems investigates Chaos.
Delta-Kicked Rotor is the most renowned example in of Kicked Systems.
Delta-Kicked Rotor describes Schrdinger Equation.
Delta-Kicked Rotor analyzes Chaos In Quantum Systems.
Fiber Loops uses Quantum Kicked Rotor.
Quantum Version forces Schrdinger Equation.
Fiber Loops uses Chaos.
Fiber Loops uses Anderson Localization.
Fiber Loops uses Optical System.
Fiber Loops is the study phenomena in presence of of Nonlinearities.
Fiber With Delta-Kicked Gvd is the allows to analyze of Parametric Resonance Features.
Fiber With Delta-Kicked Gvd is the compare and contrast with of Delta-Kicked Profile.
Linear Terms inserts Fourier Transform.
Fourier Transform takes Hamiltonian Dynamical System.
Hamiltonian Dynamical System is the leads to of Phase Plane.
Phase Plane is the in a two-dimensional of Canonical Coordinates.
Floquet Theory is the applies to of Linearized Evolution.
Linearized Evolution is the obtains of Floquet Map.
Floquet Map defines Real Matrix.
Real Matrix haves Eigenvalues.
Modulational Instability is the analyzes of Gain.
Gain relates Arnold Tongues.
Perturbation Theory is the applies to of Fixed Points.
Resonant Frequencies is the determine positions of of Arnold Tongues.
Momentum Conservation is the ensures of Four-Wave Mixing Interaction.
Four-Wave Mixing Interaction is the contributes to of Gain Bandwidth.
Arnoldtongues is the approximation of maximum gain of Gmax.
Arnoldtongues is the special case with dirac delta comb of Gvd.
Linearized Dynamics is the compute eigenvalues of Eigenvalues.
Linearized Floquet Map is the explicitly given by of Characteristic Polynomial.
Characteristic Polynomial is the determine eigenvalues of Eigenvalues.
Taylor Expansion is the taylor expansion about kick of Kick.
Saddle Point is the saddle point for instability of Instability.
Parametric Resonance is the threshold value for instability of Instability.
Fiber is the modulate gvd by modulating diameter of Diameter.
Fiber fibers Fiber A.
Fiber is the fiber b modulated by gaussian pulses of Fiber B.
Fiber fibers Fiber C.
Fiber A is the diameter variations in fiber a of Diameter.
Fiber B is the diameter variations in fiber b of Diameter.
Fiber C is the diameter variations in fiber c of Diameter.
Fiber A fibers Fiber Diameter.
Fiber B is the fiber b with gaussian pulses of Fiber Diameter.
Fiber C fibers Fiber Diameter.
Fiber A is the impact of diameter variations on nonlinear coefficient of Nonlinear Coefficient.
Fiber B is the impact of diameter variations on nonlinear coefficient of Nonlinear Coefficient.
Fiber C is the impact of diameter variations on nonlinear coefficient of Nonlinear Coefficient.
Experimental Setup is the setup with pump system of Pump System.
Pump System is the tunable laser diode in pump system of Laser.
Pump System is the shape square pulses of Intensity Modulator.
Pump System is the amplify pulses with fiber amplifiers of Fiber Amplifiers.
Fiber Amplifiers removes Tunable Filters.
Experimental Setup is the compare experimental results with simulations of Numerical Simulations.
Numerical Simulations is the integrate equation with variations of Generalized Nonlinear Schrdinger Equation.
Parametric Gain is the larger gain for first mi side lobe of Dirac Delta Function.
Dirac Delta Function approximates Experiments.
Fibers B is the larger areas of gaussian pulses of Fiber A.
Experiments is the average gvd value modification of Dispersion.
Mi Side Lobes generates Frequency Shifts.
Dispersion is the position adjustment for mi side lobes of Mi Side Lobes.
Fibers B tunes Fiber A.
Fibers B is the larger amplitudes of mi side lobes of Fiber A.
Fibers B is the additional mi side lobes generated of Fiber A.
Fibers B is the symmetric side lobes generated of Fiber A.
Fibers B is the non-phase matched four-wave mixing process of Fiber A.
Fibers B is the spurious side lobes generation of Fiber A.
Fibers B is the periodic modulation of gvd of Fiber A.
Fibers B is the additional mi side lobes generated due to gvd modulation of Fiber A.
Fibers B is the side lobe positions predicted by numerical simulations of Fiber A.
Fibers B is the side lobe positions scale as side lobe order of Fiber A.
Fibers B is the symmetric side lobes prediction of Fiber A.
Fibers B is the frequency shift prediction for fourth wave of Fiber A.
Parametric Gain Behavior is the illustration using optical fibers of Fundamental Physical Phenomena.
Fundamental Physical Phenomena is the platform for experimental investigations of Optical Fibers.
Research Support is the financial support of Agence Nationale De La Recherche.
Research Support is the support framework of Labex Cempi.
Research Support is the support framework of Equipex Flux.
Research Support is the project support of Topwave Project.
Research Support is the project support of Fopafe Project.
Research Support is the project support of Noawe Project.