Authors investigates Neutron Stars.
Numerical Simulations is the account for of Neutron Stars.
Spherical Symmetry assumes Neutron Stars.
Rapid Rotation is the important for cooling of Neutron Stars.
Slow Rotation is the negligible for cooling of Neutron Stars.
Millisecond Pulsars is the yield different cooling behavior of Neutron Stars.
Millisecond Pulsars is the generally located in of Binary Systems.
Supernova Remnant is the candidate for hidden neutron star of Neutron Stars.
Neutrino Burst indicates Neutron Stars.
Neutron Star hides Surrounding Matter.
Neutron Star is the no evidence for of Continued Existence.
Neutron Star is the might reveal rapid rotation of Continued Observations.
Non-Spherical Geometry studys Neutron Stars.
Rotating Neutron Star studys Neutron Stars.
Rotating Neutron Star is the significant for thermal evolution of Rotational Effects.
Rotating Neutron Star rotates Early Epoch.
Rotating Neutron Star is the cause azimuthal temperature gradients of Angular Dependent Radial And Transverse Heat Flow.
Rotating Neutron Star is the angular dependent of Surface Temperature.
Thermal Processes is the involve only thermal processes of Neutron Stars.
Thermal Processes dos Space-Time Geometry.
Rotational Energy is the transformation into thermal energy of Thermal Energy.
Thermal Equilibrium describes Neutron Stars.
Heat Flux is the determines surface temperature of Neutron Stars.
Heat Flux is the determines heat conductivity of Heat Capacity.
Heat Flux is the determines heat conductivity of Neutrino Emissivity.
Heat Flux is the determines surface temperature of Heat Conductivity.
Photosphere Model is the determines heat flux of Neutron Stars.
Thermal Diffusion Time lengthens Neutron Stars.
Superfluid Neutron Star Model considers Neutron Stars.
Superfluid Neutron Star Model is the accounts for of Hyperonic Degrees Of Freedom.
Angular Velocity is the depends on rotational velocity of Neutron Stars.
Gravitational Mass fixs Angular Velocity.
Gravitational Mass fixs Rest Mass.
Gravitational Mass reduces Neutrino Luminosity.
Surface Temperature is the sensitive to microphysical parameters of Neutron Stars.
Soft X-Ray Spectra is the reveal angular dependency of Surface Temperature.
Differential Rotation includes Neutron Stars.
Loss Of Angular Momentum addresss Neutron Stars.
Strong Magnetic Fields investigates Neutron Stars.
Referee thanks Ch. S..
Ch. S. is the acknowledges financial support of Bavarian State.