New Physics Models is the beyond of Standard Model.
New Physics Models motivates Hierarchy Problem.
New Physics Models motivates Fine-Tuning Problem.
New Physics Models proposes Np States.
New Physics Models is the example model of Susy Models.
New Physics Models is the example model of Extra Gauge Bosons Models.
New Physics Models is the example model of Extra Dimensions Models.
Np States measures Collider.
Np States is the effects can be measured indirectly of Total Cross Section.
Np States is the effects can be measured indirectly of Asymmetries.
Scattering Processes is the determine deviations from standard model of Np States.
Np States is the determine deviations from standard model of Spin.
Np States is the determine deviations from standard model of Coupling Strength.
Sub-Tev Collider is the question arises about distinguishing new states with different spins and couplings of Np States.
Cern Large Hadron Collider is the probe np models with tev-scale masses of Np Models.
Precision Measurements is the need for distinguishing signature of one model from others of Np Models.
Four-Fermion Scattering expects Np Models.
Four-Fermion Scattering is the provide information of spin and coupling of Angular Distributions.
International Linear Collider is the could not be observed directly of Tev-Scale Masses.
Low Energy Taylor Expansion is the good approximation for signals induced from np models of Np Models.
Four-Fermion Scattering is the np signals appear as dimension-6 contact interaction at low energies of Spin-0 Mediator.
Four-Fermion Scattering is the np signals appear as dimension-6 contact interaction at low energies of Spin-1 Mediator.
Four-Fermion Scattering is the interaction induced by gravitons characterized by dimension-8 operator of Spin-2 Mediator.
Effective Field Theory is the effective interaction does not need to be originated from exchanges of massive graviton states of Effective Interaction.
Effective Field Theory haves Effective Interaction.
Effective Field Theory interprets Effective Interaction.
Braneworld Scenario identifys Sm Particles.
Braneworld Scenario is the closed-string states propagating freely in bulk spacetime of Gravitons.
Table-Top Experiments is the allow quantum gravity scale to be as low as tevs of Quantum Gravity Scale.
String Scale strings Quantum Gravity Scale.
String Scale is the stringy excitations appear as string resonances in processes at lhc of String Resonances.
String Resonances identifys Gauge Bosons.
String Resonances is the naturally inherit chiral couplings of gauge bosons of Chiral Couplings.
String Resonances is the couplings inherited from chiral coupling of zeroth mode of Chiral Couplings.
Four-Fermion Scattering is the chiral spin-1 contribution contrasting to dimension-6 contributions from other models at low energies of Spin-1 Mediator.
Four-Fermion Scattering is the chiral spin-2 interactions contrasting to dimension-6 contributions from other models at low energies of Spin-2 Mediator.
Four-Fermion Scattering is the interaction can not be described by non-chiral effective interaction of Effective Interaction.
Four-Fermion Scattering is the interaction induced by worldsheet stringy spin excitations of Effective Interaction.
Four-Fermion Scattering is the models addressing chiral weak interaction of Models With Chiral Weak Interaction.
Four-Fermion Scattering is the interaction can never be non-chiral of Effective Interaction.
Four-Fermion Scattering is the interaction induced by worldsheet stringy spin excitations of Effective Interaction.
Four-Fermion Scattering is the interaction can not be described by effective interaction of form mentioned above of Effective Interaction.
Four-Fermion Scattering is the contributions represented by wigner functions of Kk Gravitons.
Four-Fermion Scattering is the lead to unique phenomenological signatures in 4-fermion scattering of Chiral Spin-1 Stringy Interaction.
Four-Fermion Scattering is the lead to unique phenomenological signatures in 4-fermion scattering of Chiral Spin-2 Stringy Interaction.
Four-Fermion Scattering quantifys Left-Right Asymmetry.
Four-Fermion Scattering quantifys Forward-Backward Asymmetry.
Four-Fermion Scattering quantifys Center-Edge Asymmetry.
Four-Fermion Scattering is the use center-edge asymmetry to distinguish np models with spin-2 mediator of Spin-2 Mediator.
Four-Fermion Scattering is the use center-edge asymmetry to distinguish one model from another of Models With Spin-2 Interactions.
Xmath100 represents Xmath101.
Xmath102 is the involves of Xmath103.
Xmath102 is the defines asymmetry of Xmath104.
Xmath105 bes Xmath106.
Xmath105 is the becomes of Xmath108.
Xmath106 bes Xmath107.
Xmath110 induces Xmath111.
Xmath110 induces Xmath112.
Xmath113 is the implies of Xmath114.
Xmath113 is the implies of Xmath115.
Xmath114 is the exchanges of Xmath116.
Xmath117 gives Xmath118.
Xmath117 gives Xmath119.
Xmath68 leads Xmath92.
Xmath111 is the in numerator of Xmath122.
Xmath111 is the in denominator of Xmath124.
Xmath125 induces Xmath126.
Xmath125 gives Xmath127.
Xmath129 dos Xmath139.
Xmath129 is the involves of Xmath140.
Xmath141 is the depends on of Xmath142.
Xmath141 is the depends on of Xmath143.
Xmath144 assumes Xmath145.
Xmath146 is the section of Xmath147.
Xmath148 is the section of Xmath149.
Xmath150 is the section of Xmath151.
Xmath152 is the section of Xmath153.