Newtonian Theory is the shape of of Maclaurin Ellipsoid.
Higher Rotation Rate is the figure of equilibrium of Jacobi Ellipsoid.
Jacobi Ellipsoid is the preferred figure of equilibrium of Maclaurin Ellipsoid.
Angular Momentum decreases Kinetic Energy.
Angular Momentum fixs Kinetic Energy.
Maclaurin Ellipsoid is the migration towards of Jacobi Ellipsoid.
Maclaurin Spheroids is the subject to of Instability.
Maclaurin Spheroids is the instability growth rate controlled by of Instability.
Jacobi-Like Bar Mode Instability is the dependent on of Fluid Circulation.
Fluid Circulation studys Christodoulou.
Fluid Circulation is the effect on of Jacobi-Like Bar Mode Instability.
Fluid Circulation is the effect on of Dedekind-Like Instability.
Chandrasekhar-Friedman-Schutz (Cfs) Instability applys Neutron Stars.
Jacobi Ellipsoid emits Gravitational Radiation.
Maclaurin Spheroid is the not emitting of Gravitational Radiation.
Neutron Stars is the relevance to of Gravitational Wave Astrophysics.
Neutron Stars is the frequency of of Gravitational Radiation.
Neutron Stars is the detectors for of Ligo.
Neutron Stars is the detectors for of Virgo.
Neutron Stars is the effect of of General Relativity.
Bonazzola, Frieben & Gourgoulhon investigates Compressible Stars.
Bonazzola, Frieben & Gourgoulhon stabilizes General Relativity.
Shapiro & Zane stabilizes General Relativity.
Di Girolamo & Vietri stabilizes General Relativity.
Bonazzola, Frieben & Gourgoulhon improves Numerical Technique.
Bonazzola, Frieben & Gourgoulhon introduces Surface Fitted Coordinates.
Bonazzola, Frieben & Gourgoulhon is the treatment of of Density Discontinuity.
Bonazzola, Frieben & Gourgoulhon is the inability to compute of Incompressible Model.
Bonazzola, Frieben & Gourgoulhon is the comparison with classical bifurcation point of Numerical Results.
Bonazzola, Frieben & Gourgoulhon is the strong support for method of Agreement.
Bonazzola, Frieben & Gourgoulhon is the location of bifurcation point of Method.
Einstein Equation is the leads to of Partial Differential Equations.
Covariant Derivative is the denotes of Laplacian.
Laplacian is the laplacian in of 2-Dimensional Space.
Enthalpy measures Energy Density.
Enthalpy is the integral of motion in of Einstein Equation.
Triangular Perturbation is the modifies of Metric Potential.
Triangular Perturbation is the monitors of Evolution.
Viscosity simulates Fluid Flow.
Numerical Code constructs C++ Library Lorene.
Numerical Code is the implements of Spectral Method.
Spectral Method is the introduces of Surface-Fitted Coordinates.
Spectral Method is the avoids spurious oscillations in of Density Discontinuity.
Spectral Method is the results in of High Precision.
Compaction Parameter is the affects of Instability Points.
Compaction Parameter compares Proper Compaction Parameter.
Proper Compaction Parameter defines Circumferential Radius.
Eccentricity is the dependence of Compaction Parameter.
Xmath149 is the larger than of Xmath5.
Xmath150 is the dependence of Gravitational Potential Energy.
Xmath151 is the larger than of Newtonian Value.
Xmath1 is the dependence of Xmath152.
Xmath153 is the dependence of Eccentricity.
Xmath144 is the dependence of Xmath154.
Xmath154 is the definition of Xmath155.
Xmath154 is the definition of Xmath156.
Xmath154 is the definition of Xmath157.
Xmath154 is the definition of Xmath158.
Xmath144 is the calculation of Xmath159.
Xmath159 is the definition of Xmath160.
Xmath161 is the dependence of Xmath153.
Xmath162 is the dependence of Xmath163.
Xmath6 is the dependence of Compaction Parameter.
Xmath164 is the larger than of Newtonian Value.
Xmath165 is the larger than of Newtonian Value.
Xmath166 is the larger than of Newtonian Value.
Nick Stergioulas involves Helpful Discussions.
Tristano Di Girolamo involves Helpful Discussions.
Brandon Carter involves Reading The Manuscript.
Stuart Shapiro involves Providing Tables Of Results.
Silvia Zane involves Providing Tables Of Results.
Mario Vietri involves Providing Results.