Wave Dynamics affects Symmetries.
Wave Dynamics affects Topologies.
Wave Dynamics affects Periodic Potentials.
Periodic Potentials affects Symmetries.
Periodic Potentials affects Topologies.
Symmetries affects Excitations.
Flatband Lattices defines Local Symmetries.
Flatband Lattices is the supports of Dispersionless Bands.
Flatband Lattices defines Compact Localized States.
Compact Localized States affects Perturbations.
Compact Localized States is the similar to of Fano Resonances.
Compact Localized States affects Nonlinear Localized Modes.
Nonlinear Localized Modes defines Pseudospinor.
Nonlinear Localized Modes defines Diamond Chain.
Nonlinear Localized Modes defines Linearly Mixed Components.
Nonlinear Localized Modes affects Spin-Orbit Coupling.
Nonlinear Localized Modes defines Binary Bose-Einstein Condensate.
Nonlinear Localized Modes defines Optically Imprinted Potential.
Nonlinear Localized Modes defines Discrete Dynamics.
Nonlinear Localized Modes defines Deep Optical-Lattice Potential.
Nonlinear Localized Modes defines Localized Complexes.
Nonlinear Localized Modes affects Minigap.
Nonlinear Localized Modes affects Spectrum.
Nonlinear Localized Modes affects Localized Modes.
Interactions is the destroy of Band Structure.
Interactions is the preserve of Clss.
Clss is the de-tune of Frequencies.
Detuning is the destroy of Interactions.
Fb is the affect of Clss.
Fb is the affect of Properties.
Perturbation is the lend of System.
System is the affect of Fb.
Analysis interests Two-Dimensional Version.
Modes is the exist of Vortices.
Lattice is the not found of Modes.
Lattice is the not found of Modes.
G.G. is the acknowledge support of Ministry Of Education And Science Of Serbia.
A.M. is the acknowledge support of Ministry Of Education And Science Of Serbia.
Lj.H. is the acknowledge support of Ministry Of Education And Science Of Serbia.
B.A.M. supports Joint Program In Physics.
D. L. Campbell is the appreciate hospitality of Vina Institute Of Nuclear Sciences At University Of Belgrade.
G. Juzelinas is the appreciate hospitality of Vina Institute Of Nuclear Sciences At University Of Belgrade.
I. B. Spielman is the appreciate hospitality of Vina Institute Of Nuclear Sciences At University Of Belgrade.
B.A.M. supports Institute For Basic Science, South Korea.
D. L. Campbell publishs Phys.
G. Juzelinas publishs Phys.
I. B. Spielman publishs Phys.
Y. J. Lin publishs Nature.
K. Jimenez-Garcia publishs Nature.
I. B. Spielman publishs Nature.
V. Galitski publishs Nature.
I. B. Spielman publishs Nature.
H. Zhai publishs Rep. Phys..