Electron Transfer involves Molecular Adsorbates.
Electron Transfer involves Semiconductor Nanomaterials.
Electron Transfer involves Surfaces.
Injection Of An Electron is the prototype reaction for of Conduction Band.
Injection Of An Electron is the prototype reaction for of Electrochemical Processes.
Injection Of An Electron is the prototype reaction for of Photoelectrochemical Processes.
Injection Of An Electron is the prototype reaction for of Interfacial Processes.
Injection Of An Electron is the prototype reaction for of Photography.
Injection Of An Electron is the prototype reaction for of Solar Energy Conversion.
Injection Of An Electron is the prototype reaction for of Quantum Dot Devices.
Molecular Levels involves Conducting Surface.
Surface Reactions is the involves of Exchange Of An Electron.
Charge Injection is the involves of Adsorbed Molecules.
Experiments is the demands of Theoretical Description.
Theoretical Description is the adequate treatment for of Et Dynamics.
Et Dynamics is the describes of Short Time-Scale Phenomena.
Contributions uses Rdm Theory.
Chromophore describes Semiconductor Conduction Band.
Time-Dependent Schrödinger Equation is the neglects of Relaxation Processes.
Perylene-Tio@Xmath0 System is the relaxes within of Relaxation.
Rdm Theory divides Total Hamiltonian.
Total Hamiltonian is the consists of of Relevant System Part.
Total Hamiltonian is the consists of of Heat Bath.
Total Hamiltonian is the consists of of System-Bath Interaction.
Rdm Theory obtains Reduced Density Matrix (Rdm).
Reduced Density Matrix (Rdm) obtains Density Matrix.
Reduced Density Matrix (Rdm) traces Environment.
Reduced Density Matrix (Rdm) is the together with of Second-Order Perturbative Treatment.
Reduced Density Matrix (Rdm) is the together with of Markov Approximation.
Markov Approximation is the leads to of Redfield Equation.
Bilinear System-Bath Coupling is the assumes of System Part.
Bilinear System-Bath Coupling is the assumes of Bath Part.
Decomposition is the advantage of of Operator.
Operator writes Interaction Representation.
System-Bath Interaction is the linear in of Reaction Coordinate.
System-Bath Interaction is the linear in of Bath Coordinates.
Diabatic Damping Approximation is the not used in of Effects Of Dissipation.
Excited Molecular State is the et between of Conduction Band.
Ground State models Quasi-Continuum.
Vibrational Coordinate is the equal to of Frequency.
Excitation assumes Pulse.
Excitation shifts Excited State Potential Energy Surface.
Excitation is the results in of Vibrational Wave Packet.
Excited State Potential Energy Surface is the results in of Vibrational Wave Packet.
Excited State Potential Energy Surface is the significant population in of Vibrational States.
Excited State Potential Energy Surface is the shift between of Continuum Parabola.
Thermal Bath characterizes Spectral Density.
Thermal Bath haves System Oscillators.
Thermal Bath is the strength of chosen as of Damping.
Damping denotes Effective Mass.
Damping chooses Strength.
Density Matrix Propagation is the use for of Monte Carlo Wave Function Scheme.
Conduction Band is the participate in of Electronic States.
Conduction Band is the look at of Probability Distributions.
Probability Distributions calculates Electronic Population.
Probability Distributions is the look at of Vibrational Levels.
Probability Distribution is the probability of of Injected Electron.
Probability Distribution is the versus of Energy.
Vibrational States populates Upper Panel.
Upper Panel explains Ramakrishna.
Upper Panel estimates Golden Rule.
Upper Panel gives Electronic Probabilities.
Electronic Probabilities is the denotes of Vibronic Distribution.
Electronic Probabilities is the parts of of Wave Packet.
Electronic Probabilities is the denotes of Energy.
Effects Of Dissipation is the relax within of Vibrational Populations.
Effects Of Dissipation becomes Recurrences.
Effects Of Dissipation is the parts of of Wave Packet.
Effects Of Dissipation extends Effects Of Dissipation.