Quantum Many-Body System is the subject of of Equilibrium.
Quantum Many-Body System is the subject of of Interest.
Studies is the result in of Findings.
Studies is the result in of Questions.
Findings is the result in of Dynamics.
Current is the leads to of Quantity.
System is the involves of Transport.
Transport is the involves of Properties.
Magnetization Transport is the involves of Spin Systems.
Experimentalists is the study on of Spintronics.
Spin Systems is the application in of Nano-Device Applications.
Theoretical Studies is the study on of Hamiltonian.
Relaxation Dynamics is the study on of Current-Carrying States.
Current-Carrying States generates Inhomogeneous Initial State.
Magnetization Current is the results in of Oscillatory Nature.
Oscillatory Nature is the results in of Power-Law Decay.
Power-Law Decay is the results in of Correlations.
Initial State is the induces of Transport.
Transport is the involves of Magnetization.
Magnetization is the affects of Space.
Theoretical Studies is the study on of Open Quantum Spin Chain.
Open Quantum Spin Chain is the study on of Response Functions.
Integrability relates Local Conserved Quantities.
Local Conserved Quantities is the affects of Dynamics.
Integrability relates Thermalization.
Thermalization is the comparison with of Non-Integrable Systems.
Non-Integrable Systems is the show of Evidences.
Role is the influences of Behavior.
Quantities relates Thermalization.
Relation investigates Efforts.
Efforts investigates Relation.
Investigation is the motivation for of Relaxation Dynamics.
Relaxation Dynamics is the study on of Quench.
Model is the describes of State.
State is the involves of Treatment.
Treatment is the analyzes of Transverse Magnetization.
Transverse Magnetization is the describes of Description.
Description provides Exact Analytical Treatment.
Exact Analytical Treatment is the analyzes of Transverse Magnetization.
Transverse Magnetization is the affects of Dynamics.
Dynamics is the leads to of Conclusions.
Spin Quantum Ising Chain is the describes of Hamiltonian.
Hamiltonian is the enables transformation into of Jordan-Wigner Transformation.
Jordan-Wigner Transformation is the transforms into of Hamiltonians.
Hamiltonians is the consists of of Free Fermions.
Free Fermions associates Momenta.
Momenta relates Eigenstates.
Eigenstates relates Basis States.
Basis States is the affects of Wave Function.
Wave Function is the calculates of Magnetization.
Magnetization is the involves of Fermionic Hamiltonian.
Fermionic Hamiltonian is the describes of Jump.
Jump is the occurs at of Site.
Site is the calculates of Expression.
Expression is the dependent on of Time.
Time is the affects of Dynamics.
Wave Function is the dependent on of Time.
Coefficients is the affects of Magnetization.
Magnetization is the dependent on of Time.
Amplitudes relates Phases.
Parameters is the valid for of Class.
Dynamics is the dependent on of Parameters.
Initial Configurations is the affects of Features.
Hamiltonian is the affects of Characteristics.
Dynamics is the manifests in of Quantum Phase Transition.
Quantum Phase Transition relates Frequency.
Frequency is the dependent on of External Field.
Ordered Phase is the shows behavior in of Transverse Magnetization.
Disordered Phase is the shows behavior in of Transverse Magnetization.
Transverse Magnetization is the differs in of Functional Behavior.
Critical Point is the shows behavior at of Transverse Magnetization.
Parameters is the dependent on of Hamiltonian.
Characteristics is the affects of Dynamics.
Initial Configuration is the dependent on of Parameters.
Parameters is the dependent on of Hamiltonian.
Characteristics is the affects of Dynamics.
Initial State is the calculates of Magnetization.
Magnetization is the affects of Site.
Time is the dependent on of Magnetization.
Magnetization is the affects of Site.
External Fields is the affects of Behavior.
Oscillatory Behavior is the results in of Magnetization.
Eq.([M_Int ] ) is the relatedto of Eq.([K0 ] ).
Eq.([M_Int ] ) is the describes of Mz - Tau.
Eq.([M_Int ] ) is the describes of Def_Psi.
Mzvst is the illustrates of Eq.([M_Int ] ).
Fig. is the illustrates of Eq.([K0 ] ).