Qcd is the traditional subject of of Nuclear Physics.
Qcd is the central for of Behavior.
Qcd is the central for of Astrophysics.
Astrophysics is the structure of of Compact Stars.
Astrophysics is the conditions near of Core.
Core is the near of Collapsing Stars.
Collapsing Stars is the conditions near of Supernovae.
Collapsing Stars is the conditions near of Hypernovae.
Color Superconducting Phase proposes Frautschi.
Color Superconducting Phase proposes Barrois.
Gluon Exchange is the attractive in of Color Antitriplet Channel.
Bcs Theory is the unstable with respect to of Cold Fermi Sea.
Cold Fermi Sea is the formation of of Particle-Particle Cooper-Pair Condensate.
Studies finds Color Superconducting Phase.
1980S is the can be found in of Studies.
Recent Years stirs Studies.
Reviews is the on of Recent Progress.
Color Superconducting Phase is the may exist in the central region of of Compact Stars.
Compact Stars is the form inside of Bulk Matter.
Compact Stars requires Charge Neutrality Condition.
Compact Stars requires Equilibrium.
Charge Neutrality Condition is the induces of Mismatch.
Color Superconducting Phase is the to normal phase when mismatch increases of First Order Phase Transition.
System is the may exhibit a first order phase transition of Charge Neutrality Condition.
System is the can experience in a certain window of moderate mismatch of Spatial Non-Uniform Loff State.
Charge Neutrality Condition determines Ground State.
Charge Neutrality Condition favors Mixed Phase.
Charge Neutrality Condition is the difficult to calculate in the mixed phase of Surface Tension.
Charge Neutrality Condition is the focus on when locally required of Homogeneous Phase.
Homogeneous Phase is the can be in of Gapless 2Sc (G2Sc) Phase.
Homogeneous Phase is the can be in of Gapless Cfl (Gcfl) Phase.
Homogeneous Phase is the depends on of Flavor Structure.
Gapless State resembles Sarma State.
Charge Neutrality Condition bes Gapless Phase.
Thermal Stable Gapless Color Superconducting Phases confirms Existence.
Thermal Stable Gapless Color Superconducting Phases generalizes Finite Temperatures.
Recent Results is the show that g2sc and gcfl phases can exist at moderate baryon density of Color Superconducting Phase Diagram.
Superconductor expects Meissner Effect.
Ideal Color Superconducting Phases obtains Gauge Bosons.
Meissner Effect is the understood using the standard of Anderson-Higgs Mechanism.
G2Sc Phase is the experiences a type of of Chromomagnetic Instability.
Gcfl Phase shows Chromomagnetic Instability.
Superfluidity Density Instability is the discovery of of Interior-Gap State.
Instability is the inherent property of of Gapless Phases.
Chromomagnetic Instability is the remains as a puzzle of Gapless Phase.
Chromomagnetic Instability relates 8-Th Gluon.
Giannakis suggests Ren.
Giannakis is the further calculations show that there is no chromomagnetic instability in a narrow loff window of Ren.
Charge Neutral Loff State is the can not cure the instability of off-diagonal 4-7th gluons of Instability.
Gluon Condensate State is the can cure the instability of off-diagonal 4-7th gluons of Instability.
Charge Neutral Loff State exists Instability.
Charge Neutral Loff State is the diagonal 8-th gluon can not avoid the magnetic instability of Instability.
Minimal Model is the shows that the mismatch can induce a spontaneous nambu-goldstone current generation of Gapless Color Superconductor.
Hong extends Nambu-Goldstone Current Generation.
Nambu-Goldstone Current Generation is the covers as well as the one-plane wave loff state of Gluon Phase.
Nambu-Goldstone Current Generation is the covers as well as the one-plane wave loff state of Gluon Phase.
Article is the as follows of Organization.
Gauged Su(2) Nambu Jona-Lasinio Model describes Framework.
Chromomagnetic Instabilities is the in of Review.
Neutral Baryon Current Instability is the and the of Loff State.
Nambu-Goldstone Current Generation gives Description.
Discussion is the and of Summary.
8-Th Gluon is the property of Baryon Number Density.
8-Th Gluon is the property of Baryon Current.
8-Th Gluon is the property of Meissner Mass Square.
Quark is the property of Spatial Vector Condensate.
Quark is the property of Quark Propagator.
Quark is the property of Quark Self-Energy.
Quark is the property of Superfluid Velocity.
Quark is the property of Order Parameter.
Quark is the property of Phase Fluctuation.
Quark is the property of Ground State.
Quark is the property of Spin-1 Condensate.
Quark is the property of Free Energy.
Quark is the property of Dynamical Stability Condition.
Quark is the property of Magnetic Instability.
Quark is the property of Topological Defects.
Quark is the property of Quark Field.
Quark is the property of Charge-Conjugate Fields.
Quark is the property of Nambu-Gorkov Spinors.
Color Superconducting Phases is the probe of External Vector Current.
Fermi Pairing Systems is the property of Baryon Number Density.
Fermi Pairing Systems is the property of Baryon Current.
Fermi Pairing Systems is the property of Magnetic Instability.
Fermi Pairing Systems is the property of Quark.
Fermi Pairing Systems is the property of Quark Propagator.
Fermi Pairing Systems is the property of Quark Self-Energy.
Fermi Pairing Systems is the property of Superfluid Velocity.
Fermi Pairing Systems is the property of Order Parameter.
Fermi Pairing Systems is the property of Phase Fluctuation.
Fermi Pairing Systems is the property of Ground State.
Fermi Pairing Systems is the property of Spin-1 Condensate.
Fermi Pairing Systems is the property of Free Energy.
Fermi Pairing Systems is the property of Dynamical Stability Condition.
Fermi Pairing Systems is the property of Topological Defects.
Fermi Pairing Systems is the property of Quark Field.
Fermi Pairing Systems is the property of Charge-Conjugate Fields.
Fermi Pairing Systems is the property of Nambu-Gorkov Spinors.
Color Superconducting Phases is the probe of External Vector Current.
Color Superconducting Phases is the probe of External Vector Current.
Lagr-2Sc is the realization of Xmath170.
Xmath171 is the inverse of G^-_{0,Nl}.
Xmath171 is the inverse of Xmath173.
Lagr-Nl is the comparison of Xmath174.
Lagr-Nl is the comparison of Xmath175.
Lagr-Nl is the comparison of Xmath176.
Lagr-Nl is the comparison of Xmath177.
Xmath179 is the evaluation of Xmath180.
Xmath179 is the evaluation of Xmath181.
Xmath179 is the evaluation of Xmath182.
Xmath179 is the evaluation of Xmath183.
Xmath181 is the generation of Xmath184.
Xmath181 is the generation of Xmath185.
Xmath183 is the comparison of Xmath186.