Star-Composition is the defines of Star-Function.
Star-Function is the functional of of Functional.
Star-Product is the not associative in general of Antisymmetrized-Products.
Antisymmetrized-Products symmetrizes Canonical-Variables.
Phase-Space-Transformations is the preserve of Moyal-Bracket.
Phase-Space-Transformations dos Poisson-Bracket.
Evolution-Map is the preserve of Moyal-Bracket.
Evolution-Map dos Poisson-Bracket.
Quantum-Phase-Flow is the quantum deformation of classical phase flow of Canonical-Variables.
Quantum-Trajectories is the not related to specific states of Quantum-States.
Classical-Trajectories is the satisfy of Classical-Hamiltons-Equations.
Energy-Conservation is the implies of Hamiltonian-Function.
Canonical-Transformations provides Canonical-Variables.
Constraint-Submanifold is the equivalent if describe the same submanifold of Constraint-Functions.
Geometric-Objects is the express relations through composition of Star-Composition.
Quantum-Dynamics contains Quantum-Characteristics.
Method Of Characteristics is the applies to of Groenewold - Moyal Star - Product Technique.
Classical Method Of Characteristics is the consists of of Classical Phase-Space Trajectories.
Quantum Method Of Characteristics is the consists of of Quantum Phase-Space Trajectories.
Quantum Deformation Of Canonical Transformations represents Unitary Transformation.
Skew-Gradient Projection Formalism is the projects onto of Constraint Submanifold.
Quantum Dynamics is the contains information on of Constraint Submanifold.
Classical Functions associates Classical Variables.
Star-Product Geometry is the defines of Quantum Trajectories.
Constraint Functions is the restricts of Quantum Trajectories.
Quantum Phase Flow is the allows to reconstruct of Quantum Dynamics.
Quantum Integrable Systems is the admit equivalent treatment of Canonical Transformation.
Canonical Transformation is the depends on of Canonical Momenta.
Canonical Coordinates And Momenta obtains Unitary Transformation.
Canonical Coordinates And Momenta is the consists of of Canonical Coordinates.
Canonical Coordinates And Momenta is the consists of of Canonical Momenta.
Canonical Momenta is the refer to as of Canonical Angles.
Quantum Corrections To Phase-Space Trajectories appears Quantum Phase-Space Trajectories.