Organic Semiconductors revolutionizes Display And Lighting Technology.
Engineering Challenges tackles Products.
Products is the guarantee of Market Entry.
Organic Semiconductors is the affect performance of Trap States.
Organic Thin-Film Transistors is the affect of Key Device Parameters.
Trap States is the affect of Gate Dielectric.
Trap States is the affect of Semiconductor.
Small Molecule Organic Semiconductors is the consist of of Molecules.
Molecules is the source of of Charge Conduction.
Small Molecule Organic Semiconductors tends Crystalline.
Small Molecule Organic Semiconductors obtains Purity.
Small Molecule Organic Semiconductors is the include of Oligomers.
Oligomers is the include of Pentacene.
Oligomers is the include of Tetracene.
Oligomers is the include of Sexithiophene.
Oligomers is the include of Rubrene.
Oligomers is the include of Tips Pentacene.
Trap Densities is the compare of Trap Dos.
Trap Dos is the compare of Samples.
Samples is the include of Thin Films.
Thin Films is the consist of of Polycrystalline.
Thin Films is the limit of Grain Boundaries.
Thin Films is the limit of Charge Transport.
Thin Films is the include of Sexithiophene.
Thin Films is the include of Sio Gate Dielectric.
Thin Films is the consist of of Active Channel.
Active Channel is the consist of of Grains.
Active Channel is the limit of Grain Boundary.
Grain Boundary is the exist of Traps.
Grain Boundary is the high of Density Of Traps.
Trap States is the cause of Structural Defects.
Structural Defects is the cause of Chemical Impurities.
Chemical Impurities is the cause of Structural Defects.
Chemical Impurities is the cause of Distorting The Host Lattice.
Trap States is the cause of Gate Dielectric.
Trap States is the cause of Thermal Fluctuations.
Trap States is the cause of Vacancies.
Vacancies is the cause of Point Defect.
Vacancies is the due to of Concentrated Close To Other Structural Defects.
Structural Defects is the consist of of Extended Structural Defects.
Extended Structural Defects is the include of Edge Dislocations.
Extended Structural Defects is the include of Screw Dislocations.
Extended Structural Defects is the include of Low-Angle Grain Boundaries.
Extended Structural Defects is the source of of Traps.
Thin Films haves Structural Defects.
Thin Films haves Single Crystals.
Thin Films is the consist of of Polycrystalline.
Thin Films is the limit of Grain Boundaries.
Thin Films is the limit of Charge Transport.
Pentacene Films is the focus on of Structural Defects.
Pentacene Films is the include of Polycrystalline.
Pentacene Films is the produce of Large Angle Grain Boundaries.
Pentacene Films is the produce of Grain Boundaries.
Grain Boundaries is the exist of Traps.
Grain Boundaries is the high of Density Of Traps.
Pentacene Films is the cause of Polymorphism.
Pentacene Films is the consist of of Phases.
Phases is the include of Coexist.
Pentacene Films is the focus on of In-Grain Defects.
Pentacene Films is the include of Growth.
Growth adds Defective Molecules.
Defective Molecules is the distort of Crystal Structure.
Defective Molecules is the resist of Relaxation.
Defective Molecules is the not exceed of Grain Boundaries.
Defective Molecules is the influence of In-Grain Defects.
In-Grain Defects is the influence of Electronic Levels.
In-Grain Defects is the cause of Grain Boundaries.
Pentacene Films is the use of High Impedance Scanning Tunneling Microscopy.
High Impedance Scanning Tunneling Microscopy is the detect of Defect Islands.
Defect Islands is the include of Displaced Molecules.
Displaced Molecules is the lead to of Trap Depth.
Zone Refinement is the produce of Crystals.
Crystals haves Impurity Content.
Impurity Content is the include of Anthracene.
Fast Traps is the main cause of Vacuum-Evaporated Pentacene.
Fast Traps is the main cause of Related Materials.
Dipolar Disorder is the main cause of Gate Dielectric.
Water is the main cause of Gate Dielectric.
Dipolar Disorder is the main cause of Sc-Fets.
Rubrene is the main cause of Sc-Fets.
Bulk Trap Densities is the can be reached in of Organic Field-Effect Transistors.
Organic Semiconductor is the main cause of Bulk Trap Densities.
Structural Defects is the main cause of Organic Semiconductor.
Single Crystals is the main cause of Organic Semiconductor.
Highly Hydrophobic Gate Dielectric is the leads to of Organic Field-Effect Transistors.
Cytop@Xmath24 Fluoropolymer Gate Dielectric is the leads to of Organic Field-Effect Transistors.
Trap Dos is the similar to of Small Molecule Semiconductors.
Trap Dos is the similar to of Hydrogenated Amorphous Silicon.
Polycrystalline Thin Films is the very different nature of Small Molecule Semiconductors.
Polycrystalline Thin Films is the very different nature of Hydrogenated Amorphous Silicon.