Dielectric Resonators haves Microwave Frequency Ranges.
Dielectric Resonators haves Optical Frequency Ranges.
Dielectric Resonators haves Antennas.
Dielectric Resonators haves Building Blocks.
Dielectric Resonators haves Impedance-Matched Huygens Metasurfaces.
Approximate Methods finds Modes.
Approximate Methods finds Dielectric Resonators.
Approximate Methods finds Permittivity.
Approximate Methods finds Optical Frequencies.
Approximate Methods finds Radiation Effects.
Nanophotonic Resonators bes Radiative Systems.
Nanophotonic Resonators bes Loss.
Nanophotonic Resonators bes Radiative Systems.
Nanophotonic Resonators bes Material Dispersion.
Radiating Systems haves Modes With Complex Frequencies.
Radiating Systems haves Damped Oscillations.
Radiating Systems haves Modal Fields.
Modal Fields dos Orthogonality.
Modal Fields bes Quasi-Normal Modes.
Quasi-Normal Modes bes Dipole Emission Problems.
Quasi-Normal Modes allows Open Cavities.
Microwave Engineering Literature motivates Time-Domain Radar Scattering Problems.
Integral Methods is the to solve of Maxwell'S Equation.
Integral Methods is the to solve for of Currents.
Scatterer is the on the scatterer need to be solved for of Diverging Far-Fields.
Scatterer is the avoid having to explicitly handle of Diverging Far-Fields.
Singularity Expansion Method (Sem) is the correspond to of Dyadic Green'S Function.
Singularity Expansion Method (Sem) bes Quasi-Normal Modes.
Singularity Expansion Method (Sem) is the at the complex frequencies of of Complex Frequencies.
Singularity Expansion Method (Sem) is the can be applied to of Meta-Atoms And Plasmonic Resonators.
Spectral Features is the between non-orthogonal modes of Interference.
Spectral Features corresponds Suppression Of Back-Scattering.
Integral Equation Methods is the to solve of Boundary Element Method.
Integral Equation Methods is the also known as of Method Of Moments.
Integral Equation Methods is the to solve for of Basis Functions.
Integral Equation Methods is the to solve for of Testing Functions.
Integral Equation Methods is the to solve for of Operator Equation.
Integral Equation Methods is the contains all information regarding the response of of Impedance Matrix.
Impedance Matrix bes Unknown Current Vector.
Impedance Matrix dominates Singularities.
Impedance Matrix is the may be expanded in terms of of Mittag-Leffler'S Theorem.
Impedance Matrix is the correspond to of Quasi-Normal Modes Of The System.
Impedance Matrix is the may usually be assumed that all poles are of of First Order Poles.
Impedance Matrix bes Left And Right Eigenvectors.
Impedance Matrix bes Contour Integration Procedure.
Impedance Matrix bes Matrix Integrals.
Impedance Matrix bes Radiating Modes.
Impedance Matrix bes Spurious Internal Solutions.
Impedance Matrix is the can be found by symmetry of Conjugate Modes.
Impedance Matrix is the correspond to of Poles.
Impedance Matrix bes Contour Integration Procedure.
Impedance Matrix is the contains all modes of interest of Contour.
Impedance Matrix eliminates Modes.
Impedance Matrix bes Modes.
Impedance Matrix bes Modes.
Impedance Matrix bes Modes.
Impedance Matrix bes Modes.
Impedance Matrix bes Singular Value Decomposition.
Impedance Matrix is the yields the projectors of Left Eigenvalue Problem.
Impedance Matrix falls Modes.
Impedance Matrix bes Poles.
Impedance Matrix bes Poles.
Impedance Matrix is the matches the pole residue of Dyadic Product.
Impedance Matrix dos Orthogonality Relation.
Incident Fields bes Scalar Weighting.
Dyadic Green'S Function is the can be used to find the fields anywhere in space of Fields.
Quantities is the can be calculated directly from of Currents.
Quantities is the can be calculated directly from of Extinction Cross-Section.
Silicon Disk Meta-Atom is the as a first step is modelled directly without considering the modes of Multipole Expansion.
Silicon Disk Meta-Atom bes Extinction Cross-Section.
Silicon Disk Meta-Atom bes Incident Wave-Vector.
Silicon Disk Meta-Atom is the as a first attempt to explain the spectral features is shown of Multipole Expansion.
Silicon Disk Meta-Atom is the accurately reproduces the total extinction of Multipole Moments.
Silicon Disk Meta-Atom is the show peaks and dips at similar locations of Multipole Moments.
Silicon Disk Meta-Atom bes Multipole Decomposition.
Silicon Disk Meta-Atom bes Modes.
Silicon Disk Meta-Atom bes Doubly Degenerate Poles.
Silicon Disk Meta-Atom bes Currents.
Mode is the describes of Spherical Multipoles.
Disk is the topologically equivalent of Sphere.
Sphere finds Poles.
Coefficients relates Mie Theory.
Mie Theory is the involves of Spherical Bessel Functions.
Mie Theory is the involves of Spherical Hankel Functions.
Poles is the corresponds to of Vector Spherical Harmonic.
Vector Spherical Harmonic haves Radial Index.
Vector Spherical Harmonic is the corresponds to of Radial Oscillations.
Dielectric Disk transforms Sphere.
Poles is the corresponds to of Current.
Disk relates Sphere.
Mode relates Spherical Multipoles.
Mode uses Multipole Decomposition.
Mode is the contributes to of Extinction.
Mode is the contributes to of Scattering.
Mode is the contributes to of Directional Scattering.
Mode is the affects of Overlap.
Mode is the overlap with of Modes.
Mode is the interfere with of Modes.
Mode is the contribute to of Modes.
Mode is the cancel with of Modes.
Mode is the radiate with of Modes.
Mode is the optimize for of Modes.
Mode is the place within of Modes.
Mode is the introduce coupling between of Modes.
Mode is the degrade of Modes.
Mode finds Modes.
Mode is the construct models of of Scatterers.
Open-Source Code implements Modes.
Electric Multipole Coefficients computes Surface Currents.
Magnetic Multipole Coefficients computes Surface Currents.
Duality generalizes Magnetic Currents.
Surface Currents uses Electric Multipole Coefficients.
Surface Currents uses Magnetic Multipole Coefficients.
Azimuthal Index includes Multipole Coefficients.
Plane Wave is the affects of Extinction Cross Section.
Incident Electric Field is the affects of Extinction Cross Section.
Extinction Cross Section relates Forward Scattering.
Extinction Cross Section relates Back-Scattering.
Extinction Cross Section is the approximately equal of Scattering Cross Section.
Quasi-Normal Modes dos Orthogonality Relationship.
Quasi-Normal Modes is the obey of Unconjugated Orthgonality Relationship.
Quasi-Normal Modes requires Normalisation Of Modes.
Quasi-Normal Modes requires Projection Of External Fields.
Current Vectors obtains Scatterer.
Scatterer dos Orthogonal Decompositions.
Scatterer works Modal Currents.
Modal Currents normalises Residue Of The Pole.
Modal Currents is the yields of Current Vector.
Modal Currents is the yields of Projector.
Orthogonal Decompositions Of The Impedance Matrix presents Characteristic Mode Analysis.
Characteristic Mode Analysis is the exhibit of Mode Vectors.
Mode Vectors conjugates Orthogonal Decompositions.
Orthogonal Decompositions is the suffer from of Problems.
Problems requires Eigenvalue Problem.
Eigenvalue Problem solves Frequency.
Frequency is the yields different set of Current Vectors.
Frequency requires Algorithm.
Mode Vectors is the enforce on of Mode Orthogonality.
Mode Orthogonality is the results in of Basis Vectors.
Basis Vectors is the contain mixture of Eigenvectors.
Basis Vectors is the manifests as of Avoided Crossings.
Avoided Crossings swaps Pair Of Modes.
Orthogonal Decompositions Of The Impedance Matrix utilises Singular Value Decomposition.
Singular Value Decomposition observes Behaviour.
Orthogonal Decompositions Of The Impedance Matrix is the reproduce of Interference Phenomena.
Interference Phenomena is the use non-orthogonal of Orthogonal Modes.
Orthogonal Modes obtains Singularity Expansion Method.
Orthogonal Modes obtains Quasi-Normal Modes Approaches.
Mode Expansion is the confirm accuracy of Extinction Curve.
Extinction Curve calculates Extinction_Modes.
Extinction_Modes is the sum of of Contributions.
Contributions plots Extinction_Modes.
Contributions plots Extinction_Modes.
Contributions is the good for of Agreement.
Agreement is the below 250thz of Frequencies.
Agreement is the poor at high frequencies of Frequencies.
Number Of Poles increases Agreement.
Number Of Poles is the achieve better agreement of Agreement.
Number Of Poles is the shows of Blue Dashed Curve.
Model involves Parameters.
Model is the less useful as of Design Tool.
Model is the inevitable of Trade-Off.
Trade-Off is the between of Accuracy.
Trade-Off provides Level Of Insight.
Approaches bases Point Dipole.
Approaches bases Equivalent Circuit Models.
Approaches is the control by of Level Of Detail.
Work includes Dispersion.
Work includes Dissipative Losses.
Impedance Matrix is the exhibit of Branch Point Singularities.
Green S Function is the calculate of Elements.
Impedance Matrix uses Complex Wave-Number.
Complex Wave-Number haves Branch Points.
Complex Wave-Number connects Branch Cuts.
Material Data is the occur at frequencies above 800thz of Branch Points.
Branch Points neglects Contribution.
Results is the no significant contribution missing of Branch Points.
Branch Points is the occur in of Frequency Range.
Frequency Range illustrates Contour.
Contour dos Branch Cuts.
Contour is the encircles of Branch Points.