Soft Glassy Systems is the consists of of Foams.
Soft Glassy Systems is the consists of of Colloidal Suspensions.
Soft Glassy Systems is the consists of of Emulsions.
Soft Glassy Systems is the consists of of Polymers.
Soft Glassy Systems is the consists of of Glasses.
Soft Glassy Systems is the consists of of Granular Materials.
Soft Glassy Systems is the relates to of Stress.
Soft Glassy Systems is the relates to of Strain Rate.
Soft Glassy Systems is the involves of Relation.
Granular Materials is the mentions of Authors.
Granular Materials is the mentions of Hatano.
Granular Materials haves Diameter.
Granular Materials haves Mass.
Granular Materials haves Exponent.
Granular Materials haves Young Modulus.
Granular Materials haves Shear Rate.
Granular Materials haves Pressure.
Hatano is the discovers of Relation.
Hatano is the uses of Diameter.
Diameter is the defines of Granular Materials.
Diameter haves Particles.
Mass haves Particles.
Rectangle Box is the consists of of Model.
Rectangle Box is the uses of Lees-Edwards Boundary Conditions.
Interaction Force is the acts on of Particles.
Interaction Force haves Elastic Repulsion Force.
Interaction Force haves Viscous Dissipation Force.
Elastic Repulsion Force is the acts on of Particles.
Viscous Dissipation Force is the acts on of Particles.
Rectangle Box haves Volume Fraction.
Rectangle Box haves Particle Diameter.
Rectangle Box haves Dimensionless Shear Rate.
Rectangle Box haves Dimensionless Shear Stress.
Rectangle Box haves Dimensionless Pressure.
Rectangle Box haves Young Modulus Of Particles.
Kinematic Temperature is the defines of Velocity.
Energy Dissipation haves Time Scale.
Energy Balance Equation is the describes of Energy Dissipation.
Energy Balance Equation is the describes of Time Scale.
Dimensionless Constants haves Energy Dissipation Ratio.
Shear Stress is the acts on of Particles.
Shear Stress is the relates to of Normal Stress.
Order Parameter Equation is the describes of Magnetization.
Order Parameter Equation is the describes of Magnetic Field.
Order Parameter Equation is the describes of Shear Stress.
Order Parameter Equation is the describes of Critical Volume Fraction.
Exponents is the calculates of Scaling Relation.
System is the occurs in of Shear Flow.
System is the occurs in of Spatially Homogeneous Shear Flow.
Rotating Coutte-Flow System is the occurs in of System.
Thermal Activation Process is the leads to of Logarithmic Dependence.
Logarithmic Dependence is the occurs in of Shear Flow.
Logarithmic Dependence is the occurs in of Sliding Friction.
Experimental Studies relates Model.
Model describes Herzian Type Interaction.
Model haves Parameter Values.
Parameter Values is the include of Constant Pressure Data.
Critical State is the exhibit of Rheological Properties.
Rheological Properties is the exhibit of Power-Laws.
Model is the dependent on of Herzian Type Interaction.
Dimensionless Shear Rate describes Model.
Dimensionless Shear Rate haves Parameter Values.
Pair-Distribution Function is the investigate of Granular Systems.
Granular Systems is the derive of Order Parameter Equation.
Microscopic Model derives Scaling Relations.
Time Scale determines Collision Interval.
Theory is the essential for of Equation.
Dense Colloidal Suspensions is the investigate of Pair-Distribution Function.
Authors thanks H. Hayakawa.
Authors thanks N. Mitarai.
Authors thanks S. Tatsumi.
Authors supports Ministry Of Education, Science, Sports And Culture Of Japan.