21-Cm Emission Line Observations is the observes of Neutral Gas Disks.
Neutral Gas Disks observes Nearby Galaxies.
Damped Lyman-Alpha Systems is the characterize of Hi Gas.
21-Cm Emission is the causes of Hi Gas.
Hi Gas is the maps of Gas Disks.
Dynamics is the measures of Total Gas Mass.
Damped Lyman-Alpha Systems is the link to of Local Galaxies.
Technology is the impossible with of 21-Cm Emission.
Transition Probability is the causes of Hyperfine Splitting.
Hyperfine Splitting is the results in of Weak Line.
Weak Line observes Local Universe.
Detection Efficiency is the depends on of Brightness.
Redshift is the dependent on of Absorber.
Atmosphere is the opaque to of Uv Wavelength Range.
Expansion Of The Universe is the affects of Redshift Number Density.
Redshift Number Density is the decreases toward of Damped Lyman-Alpha Systems.
Radio Telescopes is the reach of of Damped Lyman-Alpha Systems.
Cold Gas Properties is the information on of Local Galaxies.
Half Century collects Cold Gas Properties.
Absorption Profiles aims Redshifts.
Redshifts associates Galaxies.
Association is the determines of Optically Identified Galaxies.
Optically Identified Galaxies identifys Damped Lyman-Alpha Systems.
Spectroscopic Follow-Up is the determines of Optically Identified Galaxies.
Photometric Redshifts is the determines of Optically Identified Galaxies.
Dla Galaxies is the agree with of Galaxy Properties.
Radio Telescopes uses Galaxy Properties.
Measurement results Reference Point.
Hi Mass Function measures Surveys.
Beam Widths is the limit resolution of of Surveys.
Radio Telescope uses Surveys.
Sample is the consists of of Galaxies.
Galaxies weights Hi Mass Function.
Data Volume is the equals of Equivalent.
Galaxy is the converts to of Hi Mass Function.
Optical Luminosity is the agrees with of Column Density Distribution Function.
Area Function is the describes for of Galaxies.
Systems is the converts to of Area Function.
Mild Evolution is the determines of Redshift Number Density.
Redshift Number Density is the agrees with of Gas.
Metallicity is the agrees with of Gas.
Luminosity is the agrees with of Galaxies.
Impact Parameters is the implies of Galaxies.
Absolute Magnitude Distribution is the agrees with of Galaxies.
Oxygen Abundance assigns 21-Cm Maps.
21-Cm Maps bases Oxygen Abundance.
Galaxies follows Metallicity.
Galaxies is the shows of Abundance Gradient.
Abundance Gradient haves Galaxies.
Metallicity Distribution is the peaks around of Hi Column Densities.
Hi Column Densities is the lower than of Mean Value.
Mean Value is the agrees with of Galaxy.
Mean Mass-Weighted Metallicity is the arise in of Hi Gas.