Heun Equations is the describes of Monodromy Eigenfunctions.
Heun Equations relates Nonlinear Equations.
Nonlinear Equations is the models of Josephson Effect.
Theorems [Noncom] And [Xi=0] states Eigenfunctions.
Theorems [Noncom] And [Xi=0] states Eigenvalues.
Heun Equations is the equivalent to of Recurrence Relations.
Recurrence Relations bases Laurent Coefficients.
Recurrence Relations bases Hyperbolic Dynamics.
Recurrence Relations bases Contracting Mapping.
Family Of Double Confluent Heun Equations is the study of Eigenfunctions.
Eigenfunctions is the dependent on of Eigenvalues.
Eigenfunctions is the existence in of Neighborhood Of Zero.
Sign Index corresponds Holomorphic Functions.
Holomorphic Functions defines Neighborhood Of Zero.
Vector is the dependent on of Scalar Factor.
Constant Factors is the dependent on of Holomorphic Functions.
Constant Factors is the dependent on of Real-Valued.
Corollary is the implies of Holomorphic Solution.
Holomorphic Solution is the existence in of Neighborhood Of Zero.
Polynomial Solutions is the excludes of Holomorphic Solution.
Polynomial Solutions is the excludes of Entire Solution.
Conjectures bases Polynomial Solutions.
Series Of Conjectures bases Modified Bessel Functions.
Analytic Functional Equations is the describes of Adjacency Points.
Symmetries relates Solution Space.
Solution Space relates Symmetries.
Linear Recurrence Relation is the satisfies of Complex Numbers.
Power Series is the convergence on of Annulus.
Heun is the satisfies of Rhonon.
Heun is the implies of Cboun.
Heun2 is the correspondsto of Poteig0.
V.M.Buchstaber proves Heun2.
S.I.Tertychnyi proves Heun2.
Rec is the satisfies of Run.
Metric is the implies of Limxk.
Cons is the implies of Pkconv.
Pkconv is the implies of Metric.
Lemkp is the implies of Metric.
Clem is the addendum of Lemkp.
Lemma is the direct application of Clem.
Lemma is the direct application of Addendum 1.
Addendum 1 is the proof of Coral.
Coral is the consideration of Rec.
Rec is the proof of Th24.
Rec is the proof of Th25.
Rec is the proof of Thko-.
Heun is the consideration of Eight.