Cosmic Rays is the responsible for of Supernova Remnants.
Cosmic Rays is the contribute to of Pulsars.
Cosmic Rays is the contribute to of Distributed Acceleration.
Fine Structure is the distinguish between of Cosmic Rays.
Fine Structure is the present in of Knee.
Fine Structure is the present in of Nuclear Groups.
Nuclear Groups is the include of P.
Nuclear Groups is the include of He.
Nuclear Groups is the include of Cno.
Nuclear Groups is the include of Fe.
Type Ii Sn regards Cosmic Rays.
Type Ii Sn haves Galactic Frequency.
Type Ii Sn haves Total Energy.
Type Ii Sn is the emit with form of Differential Energy Spectrum.
Type Ii Sn associates Iron Peak.
Pulsars is the predominate as sources at higher energies of Energy Range.
Pulsars is the contribute to of Iron Peak.
Pulsars involves Charged Particles.
Pulsars is the responsible for some fine structure of Iron Peak.
Rotational Energy relates Pulsars.
Birth Periods is the depend on of Pulsars.
Birth Periods gives Pulsars.
Birth Periods gives Pulsars.
Ism Density is the determine of Plural Sources.
Magnetic Field is the determine of Plural Sources.
Field Compression is the determine of Plural Sources.
Plural Sources is the contribute to of Sharp Discontinuities.
Plural Sources is the affect sharpness of of Knee.
S2 is the relation of S1.
S1 is the describes of Figure 3.
Figure 3 is the next of Figure 4.
Pamela Instrument is the measures of Protons.
Pamela Instrument is the measures of Helium Nuclei.
Protons observes Cream.
Helium Nuclei observes Cream.
Helium Nuclei observes Atic.
Ter-Antonyan And Haroyan develops Protons.
Erlykin mentions Pamela Instrument.
Erlykin is the co-author of Wolfendale.
Biermann is the co-author of Bhadra.
Snr is the source of of Cr.
Snr is the source of of Monogem Ring.
Snr is the source of of Loop 1.
Snr is the source of of Pulsars.
Pulsars is the generate of Iron Nuclei.
Cno Group includes Iron.
Erlykin is the co-author of Wolfendale.
Zatsepin And Sokolskaya mentions Cream.
Berezhko is the co-author of Elshin.
Berezhko is the co-author of Ksenofontov.