Double-Damped Absorption represents Quasar Spectra.
Quasar Spectra is the contains of Quasar.
Hubble Space Telescope uses Quasar Spectra.
Neutral Hydrogen Gas Filament is the comprises of Neutral Hydrogen Gas.
Neutral Hydrogen Gas Filament represents Cosmological Extent.
Neutral Gas Phase Metal Abundances is the determines of Metallicity.
Galaxies associates Spectrum.
Quasar haves Z.
Sdss derives Quasar.
Atoms measures Metal Absorption Lines.
Mmt uses Metal Abundances.
Metal Abundances is the relative to of Solar Measurements.
Dwarfs is the progenitors of of Galaxies.
Interaction associates Quasar.
Clustering investigates Lbgs.
Structure associates Redshift Systems.
Mock Redshift Surveys observes Structure.
Cold Dark Matter Simulations simulates Structure.
Cluster Orientations aligns Galaxy Clusters.
Large Scale Structure Simulations is the show similar alignments of Cluster Orientations.
Lyman Break Galaxies investigates Clustering.
Qso Distribution analyzes Structure.
Neutral Hydrogen Gas Filament haves Size.
Double-Damped Absorption haves Properties.
Cosmological Model relates Large-Scale Structures.
Cosmological Model relates Cosmological Parameters.
Surveys provides Evidence.
Distribution Of Dlas provides Evidence.
Sdss Collaboration makes Sdss Project.
Sdss Collaboration makes Edr Spectra.
Nasa-Stsci makes Hst-Uv Spectroscopy.
Nasa-Ltsa is the aims at of Metal Abundance Measurements.
Nasa-Ltsa is the aims at of Imaging.
Nsf provides Funding.
Sdss Archive provides Funding.
Alfred P. Sloan Foundation provides Sdss Archive.
Alfred P. Sloan Foundation provides Participating Institutions.
Participating Institutions provides Sdss Archive.
Participating Institutions is the manages of Astrophysical Research Consortium.
Participating Institutions is the part of of University Of Chicago.
Participating Institutions is the part of of Fermilab.
Participating Institutions is the part of of Institute For Advanced Study.
Participating Institutions is the part of of Japan Participation Group.
Participating Institutions is the part of of Johns Hopkins University.
Participating Institutions is the part of of Los Alamos National Laboratory.
Participating Institutions is the part of of Max-Planck-Institute For Astronomy.
Participating Institutions is the part of of Max-Planck-Institute For Astrophysics.
Participating Institutions is the part of of New Mexico State University.
Participating Institutions is the part of of University Of Pittsburgh.
Participating Institutions is the part of of Princeton University.
Participating Institutions is the part of of United States Naval Observatory.
Participating Institutions is the part of of University Of Washington.