Silicon uses Atomic-Scale Electronic Devices.
Silicon uses Single Electron Transistors.
Silicon uses Ultra-Dense Memories.
Silicon uses Quantum Computers.
Si(001) Surface is the contains of Crystalline Defects.
Si(001) Surface establishs Dimer Model.
Si(001) Surface observes Scanning Tunneling Microscopy (Stm).
Si(001) Surface is the contains of Single Dimer Vacancy Defect (1-Dv).
Si(001) Surface is the contains of Double Dimer Vacancy Defect (2-Dv).
Si(001) Surface is the contains of Triple Dimer Vacancy Defect (3-Dv).
Si(001) Surface is the contains of 1 + 2-Dv.
Si(001) Surface is the contains of 1 + 1-Dv.
Si(001) Surface is the contains of Split-Off Dimer.
Si(001) Surface is the induces of Metal Contamination.
Metal Contamination is the causes of Ni.
Metal Contamination is the causes of W.
Stm Tip is the causes of Metal Contamination.
Sample Holders is the affects of Surface Defect Densities.
Sample Holders is the prevents of Split-Off Dimer.
Sample Holders is the avoids of Metal Contamination.
Sample Holders uses Wafers.
Wafers prepares Si(001) Surface.
Wafers mounts Sample Holders.
Wafers transfers Vacuum Chamber.
Wafers is the affects of Surface Defect Densities.
Wafers is the induces of Split-Off Dimer.
Wafers is the causes of Metal Contamination.
Wafers is the contains of Ni.
Wafers is the contains of W.
Wafers is the induces of Surface Strain.
Wafers is the affects of Surface Strain.
Owen uses Car-Parrinello.
Owen mentions Goedecker.
Owen mentions Wang.
Owen mentions Hata.
Owen mentions Pollman.
Owen mentions Swartzentruber.
Dimer is the present of Monomer Lobe.
Monomer Lobe lessens Intensity.
Results gives First-Principles Calculations.
Proposed Structure is the match of Observed Defect.
Split-Off Dimer is the responsible for of Reversal.
Filled-State Monomer Characteristics is the reversal of of Empty-State Monomer Characteristics.
Monomers is the bound to of Rebonded S@Xmath2-Type Step Edges.
Si(001)2@Xmath261 Surface uses High Resolution Stm.
Split-Off Dimer is the form @ xmath1-bonds with of Second Layer Atoms.
Second Layer Atoms gives Double-Lobed Appearance.
Double-Lobed Appearance sees Low Bias Filled-State Stm Images.
Method Of Owen _ Et. uses Local Areas.
Dimer Vacancy Defect Complexes associates Increased Surface Strain.
Increased Surface Strain confirms Experimental Confirmation.
Predicted Strain Relief offers 1 + 2-Dv.
Triangular-Shaped Defect finds Si(001 ) Surface.
Triangular-Shaped Defect is the involves of Proposed Model.