Clusters is the contains of Dynamical Complexity.
Clusters is the contains of Gas Cooling.
Clusters is the contains of Relativistic Plasma Ejection.
Clusters is the contains of Magnetic Fields.
Clusters is the contains of Thermal Conduction.
Clusters is the contains of Local Star-Formation.
Clusters is the contains of Substantial Masses Of Cold Molecular Gas.
Chandra is the observes of Zwicky Cluster Zw 0335.1 + 0956.
X-Ray Source detects Ariel-V.
Zwicky Cluster Zw 0335.1 + 0956 is the same as of 2A 0335 + 096.
2A 0335 + 096 is the contains of Cooling Flow.
2A 0335 + 096 studys Optical Properties.
2A 0335 + 096 is the shows of Radio Study.
2A 0335 + 096 is the tentatively detected of Hi Absorption.
2A 0335 + 096 detects Co Emission.
2A 0335 + 096 highlights Iras 60M Continuum.
Co Emission is the implicates of Mass Deposition Rate.
Acis is the uses of Back-Illuminated Chip S3.
Back-Illuminated Chip S3 haves Exposure Time.
Back-Illuminated Chip S3 is the contains of Flare Cleaning.
X-Ray Surface Brightness is the shows of Spatial Resolution.
Double Beta-Model uses Sherpa Fitting Program.
Sherpa Fitting Program is the uses of Cash Statistics.
Cash Statistics is the applies of Poisson Scatter.
Density Jump describes Gas Density Model.
X-Ray Blobs is the shows of Spatial And Spectral Properties.
John Doe mentions Joe.
John Doe mentions Molecular Contamination.
John Doe mentions Acisabs Absorption Model.
John Doe mentions Ciao Tool Csmooth.
John Doe mentions X-Ray Blobs.
John Doe mentions Ellipsoid.
John Doe mentions Electron Density.
John Doe mentions Emission Measure.
John Doe mentions Gas Density.
John Doe mentions Unabsorbed Luminosity.
John Doe mentions Cooling Time.
John Doe mentions X-Ray Hole.
John Doe mentions Statistical Significance.
John Doe mentions Absorbed Flux.
John Doe mentions Spectra.
John Doe mentions Xspec Package.
John Doe mentions Acis Response.
John Doe mentions Mirror Ir Edge.
John Doe mentions Spectral Properties.
John Doe mentions Thermal Model.
John Doe mentions Cooling Flow.
John Doe mentions Temperature Map.
John Doe mentions Spatial Resolution.
John Doe mentions Temperature Gradient.
John Doe mentions Gas Density Profile.
John Doe mentions Metallicity Profile.
John Doe mentions Equivalent Column Density.
North Sector is the consistent within of South Sector.
Temperatures Profiles is the different of Temperature Gradient.
Temperature Gradient is the shallower than of North Sector.
Temperature Gradient is the steeper than of South Sector.
Region Of Constant Temperature is the hotter than of South Sector.
Region Of Constant Temperature is the factor 1.3 hotter than of North Sector.
Front is the study of Thermal Properties.
Front is the study of X-Ray Front.
3D Temperature Profile is the estimate of Front.
3D Temperature Profile is the estimate of Temperature Profile.
Temperature Profile deprojectings Front.
Temperature Profile is the from 150 to 210 of Cluster Sector.
Temperature Profile shows Lower Panel Of Fig.
Temperature Profile is the unlike other clusters of Cold Fronts.
Temperature Profile is the not clear of Temperature Discontinuity.
Temperature Profile uses Fit.
Fit provides Temperature Profile.
Fit is the consistent with small temperature jump of Data.
Data uses Fit.
Fit is the at the position of the front of Jump.
Fit reports Result.
Density Models is the calculate of Pressure Profile.
Density Models is the result in pressure discontinuity of Pressure Discontinuity.
Pressure Profile is the near the front region of Front Region.
Pressure Profile reports Best Fit Model.
Pressure Profile is the result in pressure discontinuity of Observed Density.
Pressure Profile gives Two Filled Triangles.
Pressure Profile is the from holes of Western And Eastern Holes.
Pressure Profile is the at confidence level of Error Bars.
Pressure Profile is the measurement on deprojected temperature of Dashed Lines.
Thermal Pressure associates Blobs.
Thermal Pressure is the of the ambient gas of Ambient Gas.
Thermal Pressure is the together with 90 % errors of Model.
Thermal Pressure is the add as dashed lines of Ambient Pressure.
Blobs is the estimate of Cooling Time.
Cooling Time associates Blobs.
Cooling Time is the together with 90 % error of Error Bar.
Cooling Time sees Region 6.
Cooling Time is the report in table of Blob Cooling Times.
Luminosities is the in ( 0.6-9.0 ) kev of Source Rest Frame.
Narrow Component is the of narrow component of Position.
Holes is the of holes of Position.
Radio Image superposes Percentile.
Variation is the of the cluster x-ray surface brightness of Radio Image.
Variation is the with respect to of Best Fit Double Model.
Radio Halo compares Radio Power.
Radio Emission is the around pgc 013424 of Mini-Halo.
Radio Observations is the future high resolution of Radio Mini-Halo.
Radio Mini-Halo links Radio Structure.
Radio Bubbles observes Bubbles.
Radio Bubbles confirms Existence.
Core Region is the very dynamic of Dynamic.
Core Region is the at kpc from the x-ray peak of Edge-Like Feature.
Core Region is the with x-ray filaments or blobs of Complex Structure.
Core Region is the presence of two x-ray cavities of X-Ray Cavities.
Temperature Distribution is the on large scales of Not Azimuthally Symmetric.
Temperature Distribution is the at kpc from the x-ray peak of Maximum.
X-Ray Filaments is the but different pressures of Similar Temperatures.
Density Profile is the with density jump of Density Jump.
Chandra observes A2142.
Chandra observes A3667.
Chandra observes Rx J1720 + 26.
Chandra observes A1795.
Vikhlinin discusss A2142.
Vikhlinin discusss A3667.
Vikhlinin discusss Rx J1720 + 26.
Vikhlinin discusss A1795.
Markevitch collaborates Vikhlinin.
Markevitch collaborates Forman.
Agn is the present of A2142.
Agn is the present of A3667.
Agn is the present of Rx J1720 + 26.
Agn is the present of A1795.
Dense Gas Blobs is the avoidance of Magnetic Field.
Electrons is the contribution of Non-Thermal Pressure Component.
Electrons is the contribution of Ambient Gas.
Cool Gas is the presence of Co.
Cool Gas is the presence of H@Xmath6[Nii].
Relativistic Electrons is the contribution of Mini Radio Halo.
Agn is the contribution of Mini Radio Halo.
Agn is the connection of Sloshing.
X-Ray Bubbles is the presence of Cold Fronts.
X-Ray Bubbles is the disruption of Cooling Flow.
Sub-Cluster Merger is the disruption of Cooling Flow.
Agn Activity is the explanation of Gas Bubbling.
X-Ray Cavities is the association of Radio Emission.
Radio Activity is the indication of Radio Emission.