Semiconductor Devices downscaleds Transistor.
Transistor is the size reached of Building Component.
Device Modeling Methodology is the quantum mechanical treatment of Carriers.
Device Modeling Methodology is the conceptual change of Multi-Band Models.
Multi-Band Models needs Atomic Effects.
Single-Band Effective Mass Approximation (Ema) is the accuracy loss of Subband Quantization.
Single-Band Effective Mass Approximation (Ema) is the prediction failure of Indirect Gaps.
Nearest-Neighbor Empirical Tight-Binding (Tb) is the widely used of Next Nearest-Neighbor.
Nearest-Neighbor Empirical Tight-Binding (Tb) uses Localized Orbital Bases.
Localized Orbital Bases incorporates Atomic Effects.
Atomic Effects is the critical of Resonance Tunneling Diodes (Rtds).
Atomic Effects is the critical of Quantum Dots.
Atomic Effects is the critical of Disordered Sige/Si Quantum Wells.
Atomic Effects is the critical of Impurity Device In Si Bulk.
Kp Model is the failure of Indirect Gap Prediction.
Kp Model is the success of Inter-Band Physics Explanation.
Kp Model is the success of Valence Band Physics Explanation.
Modeling Of Nanoscale Devices solves Quantum Transport Problem.
Quantum Transport Problem is the consideration of 3-D Device Geometries.
Non-Equilibrium Green S Function (Negf) is the widely used of Carrier Transport Simulation.
Non-Equilibrium Green S Function (Negf) is the critical problem of Computational Burden.
Recursive Green S Function (Rgf) is the method of Computing Load Reduction.
Recursive Green S Function (Rgf) is the critical problem of Computing Load.
Wavefunction (Wf) is the method of Computing Load Reduction.
Wavefunction (Wf) is the dependency of Computing Load.
Wavefunction (Wf) is the sufficient prediction of Linear System Solutions.
Wavefunction (Wf) is the load dependency of System Matrix Size.
Contact Block Reduction (Cbr) is the method of Computing Load Reduction.
Contact Block Reduction (Cbr) is the expense saving of Retarded Green S Function Evaluation.
Contact Block Reduction (Cbr) solves 3-D Open Systems.
Contact Block Reduction (Cbr) is the load reduction of Linear System Solving.
Contact Block Reduction (Cbr) is the load reduction of Matrix Inversion.
Contact Block Reduction (Cbr) is the examination of Numerical Utilities.
Contact Block Reduction (Cbr) is the focus of Multi-Band Ballistic Quantum Transport Simulations.
Contact Block Reduction (Cbr) is the comparison of Numerical Practicality.
Contact Block Reduction (Cbr) is the comparison of Rgf And Wf Algorithms.
Contact Block Reduction (Cbr) is the comparison of Accuracy.
Contact Block Reduction (Cbr) is the comparison of Speed.
Contact Block Reduction (Cbr) is the comparison of Scalability.
Device couples External Contacts.
Non-Equilibrium Green S Function (Negf) is the description of Open System.
Open System is the computation of Retarded Green S Function.
Retarded Green S Function is the expensive evaluation of Matrix Inversions.
Contact Block Reduction (Cbr) is the reduction of Dyson Equation.
Boundary Region is the decomposition of Inner Region.
Boundary Region is the non-zero of Self-Energy Term.
Boundary Region is the evaluation of Dyson Equation.
Boundary Region is the evaluation of Hamiltonian Matrix.
Boundary Region solves Eigenvalue Problem.
Boundary Region reduces Matrix Inversion.
Boundary Region is the avoidance of Linear-System Problem.
Boundary Region is the numerical issue of Normal Eigenvalue Problem.
Boundary Region is the critical choice of Prescription Matrix.
Inter-Slab Coupling Matrix is the discussion of Toy Si Device.
Toy Si Device is the illustration of Device Geometry.
Toy Si Device builds Hamiltonian Matrix.
Toy Si Device is the representation of Kp Model.
Toy Si Device is the representation of Tb Systems.