Graphene composes Carbon Atoms.
Graphene is the determines of Lattice Structure.
Graphene is the combines with of Carbon Nanotubes.
Carbon Nanotubes is the combines with of Armchair Nanotubes.
Carbon Nanotubes is the combines with of Junctions.
Junctions is the contains of Heptagonal Carbon Rings.
Junctions is the contains of Pentagonal Carbon Rings.
Junctions is the utilizes of Dirac Fermion Fields.
Heptagonal Carbon Rings is the induces of Gauge Field.
Ring is the equals of Flux Quantum.
Heptagons is the provide flux of Junctions.
Junctions is the provide flux of Heptagons.
Nanotube conserves Angular Momentum.
Nanotube is the induce of Effective Gauge Field.
Topological Defects is the induce of Effective Gauge Field.
Topological Defects is the match of Wavefunctions.
Heptagons is the operate of Non-Abelian Gauge Field.
Non-Abelian Gauge Field is the proportional to of Sigma Matrix.
Heptagons is the describe of Abelian Field.
Abelian Field is the describe of Dirac Equations.
Dirac Equations is the opposite sign of Effective Magnetic Fluxes.
Dirac Equations is the denote of Dirac Spinors.
Nanotube is the use of Radial Coordinates.
Dirac Equations is the define of Fermi Velocity.
Electron is the amplitutes of Fermi Velocity.
Nanotube is the use of Cylindrical Coordinates.
Nanotube is the solve of Dirac Equation.
Nanotube localizes Curvature.
Nanotube is the connect of Circle.
Nanotube is the match of Solutions.
Solutions is the calculate of Energy.
Solutions is the write of Propagating And Evanescent Waves.
Propagating And Evanescent Waves is the calculate of Energy.
Propagating And Evanescent Waves is the determine of Phase Factor.
Evanescent States is the arise of Longitudinal Decay.
Nanotube is the determine of Energy Threshold.
Local Density Of States is the correspond of Depletion.
Local Density Of States is the determine of Peaks.
Local Density Of States is the scale of Angular Momentum.
Local Density Of States is the inversely proportional of Nanotube Radius.
Local Density Of States is the match of Estimate.
Local Density Of States is the capture of Features.
Local Density Of States is the base of Continuum Limit.
Heptagonal Ring is the cause of Effective Magnetic Flux.
Pairs Of Heptagons is the combine of Effective Flux.
Distance Between Heptagons is the depend of Effective Flux.
Total Flux is the sum of Fluxes Provided By Individual Heptagons.
Total Flux is the correspond of Value.
Flux Quanta is the correspondence of Zero Modes.
Localized States is the occur of Junction.
Localized States is the observe of Reflection.
Localized States is the explain of Peak.
Localized States finds Opposite Chirality.
Localized States is the no localized states of Junctions.
Zero-Energy Solutions is the absence of Decaying Simultaneously.
Low-Energy Peak is the no occurrence of Depleted Region.
Tight-Binding Approach is the correspondence of Continuum Limit.
Scattering is the analyze of Wave.
Scattering is the define of Transmission Coefficient.
Scattering is the determine of Reflection Coefficient.
Scattering is the calculate of Scattering Cross Section.
Particles is the propagate of Flux.
Low Energy Limit is the scatter of Electrons.
Continuum Equations is the analyze of Systems.
Electronic Green'S Functions is the calculate of Numerically.
Dirac Equation discretizes Radial Coordinates.
Radial Equation is the approximate of Tight Binding Model.
Tight Binding Model is the define of Hoppings.
Tight Binding Model is the include of Energy Scale.
Tight Binding Model is the set of Fermi Velocity.
Dirac Equation is the write of Discretized.
Green'S Function is the calculate of Site.
Site is the satisfy of Boundary Conditions.
Boundary Conditions is the attach of Nanotube.
Boundary Conditions is the approximate of Plane.
Green'S Function is the calculate of Deep Inside The Nanotube.
Density Of States obtains Calculated Numerically.
Density Of States is the sum of Angular Momenta.
Density Of States is the analyze of Cluster.
Density Of States is the show of Green'S Function.
Density Of States is the calculate of Nanotube.
Density Of States is the depletion of Junction.
Strains is the induce of Junction.
Strains is the act of Intravalley Gauge Field.
Strains is the localize of Bending.
Strains is the cause of Deformation.
Strains is the decay of Strain.
Strains is the calculate of Distance.
Xmath143 associates Xmath144.
Xmath144 gives Xmath145.
Xmath145 is the affects of Xmath9.
Xmath9 is the with of Xmath65.
Xmath146 is the near of Xmath147.
Xmath146 is the near of Xmath148.
Xmath149 makes Xmath150.
Xmath1 haves Xmath2.
Xmath24 degenerates Xmath151.
Xmath153 reachs Xmath154.
Xmath153 is the depletion of of Xmath155.
Xmath1 is the equal to multiple of of Xmath2.
Xmath1 is the supports low-energy standing waves of Xmath2.
Xmath24 degenerates Xmath151.
Xmath21 regards Xmath3.
Xmath21 is the same quantum number of Xmath12.