Quantum Fluctuation is the suppresses of Chaotic Motion.
Wave Packet is the exhibits of Phase Space.
Quantum Fluctuation is the enhances of Chaotic Motion.
Wave Packet is the exhibits of Tunneling Effect.
Chaotic Behavior bes Tunneling Phenomenon.
Classically Chaotic Systems bes Tunneling Phenomena.
Semiclassical Description is the describes of Tunneling Phenomena.
Double-Well Potential bes Oscillatory Driving Force.
Quantum Coherence is the influences of Classical Chaos.
Classical Chaos bes Degrees Of Freedom.
Degrees Of Freedom bes Environment.
Environment is the causes of Decoherence.
Environment is the causes of Dissipation.
Quantum Physics bes Decoherence.
Quantum Dissipation bes Dissipation.
Hamiltonian is the can be mapped to of Tight-Binding Form.
Tight-Binding Form bes Solid-State Physics.
Frequency Components is the corresponds to of Dimensionality.
Dimensionality is the affects of Localization Problem.
Double-Well System bes Polychromatic Perturbation.
Delocalization Phenomenon bes Kicked Rotator Model.
Tight-Binding System bes Double-Well System.
Double-Well System is the increases of Effective Degrees Of Freedom.
Numerical Work is the investigates of Model.
Time-Dependence is the shows of Transition Probability.
Quantum Dynamics bes Summary And Discussion.
Summary And Discussion is the refers to of Appendix A.
Appendix A is the contains of Classical Phase Space Portraits.
Appendix A provides Polychromatic Perturbation.
Appendix B is the explains of Perturbed Instanton Tunneling Picture.
System bes Hamiltonian.
Ammonia Molecule bes Doublets.
Time-Dependent Schrödinger Equation is the solves of Numerical Work.
Transition Probability is the measures of Left Well.
Transition Probability represents Tunneling Probability.
Stochasticity is the increases of Total System.
Coherent Motion is the describes of Semiquantal Picture.
Semiquantal Picture is the decomposes into of Wave Packet.
Semiquantal Picture is the describes of Evolution Of The Centroid Motion.
Semiquantal Picture is the describes of Spreading And Squeezing.
Barrier Crossing Probability bes Activation-Transition.
Delocalized States bes Chaos-Induced Delocalization.
Classical Chaos is the causes of Parametric Instability.
Parameter Space is the divides into of Irregular Motion.
Amplitude is the affects of Oscillatory Driving Force.
Parametrically Perturbed Double-Well System is the affects of Degree Of Coherence.
Tunneling Oscillation bes Reduction Of The Tunneling Period.
Reduction Of The Tunneling Period is the applies to of Floquet Theorem.
Wave Packet is the absorb of Energy.
Quantum State is the describe of Doublet.
Initial State is the prepare of Evolution.
State is the approximation of Eigenvalues Dynamics.
State expects State.
Quasi-Energies is the denote of State.
Quasi-Energy Splitting is the mean of Tunneling.
Stochastic Layer is the contribute of Tunneling Period.
Frequency Components is the increase of Tunneling Period.
Width is the contribute of Tunneling Period.
Stochastic Perturbation is the model of Stochastic Perturbation.
Stochastic Perturbation is the break of Stochastic Perturbation.
Time Dependence comes Stochastic Fluctuation.
Frequency Component is the correspond of Stochastic Perturbation.
Motion is the approach of Motion.
Energy is the break of Quantum Interference.
Energy is the suppress of Quantum Interference.
Polychromatic Perturbation identifys Stochastic Perturbation.
Stochastic Perturbation is the break of Quantum Interference.
Quantum Fluctuation is the enhance of Chaotic Behavior.
Quantum Fluctuation is the dominant of Chaotic Behavior.
Semiquantal Motion is the enhance of Chaotic Behavior.
Semiquantal Motion is the enhance of Chaotic Behavior.
Quantum Fluctuation is the suppress of Quantum Interference.
Semiquantal Motion applys Quantum Interference.
Semiquantal Motion is the break of Quantum Interference.
Classical Trajectories is the compare of Chaotic Motion.
Classical Dynamics is the observe of Classical Dynamics.
Classical Trajectories is the causes of Chaotic Behavior.
Polychromatically Perturbed Cases is the grows faster than of Chaotic Layer.
Color is the increases width of of Stochastic Layer.
Phase Space bes Classical Trajectories.
Finite-Time Lyapunov Exponent measures Extent Of Chaotic Behavior.
Initial Points prepares Phase Space.
Quantum Dynamics is the corresponds to of Classical Dynamics.
Kam System is the transitions to of Chaotic Motion.
Number Of Color is the reduces value of of Critical Perturbation Strength.
Classical Dynamics observes Quantum Dynamics.
Polychromatic Perturbation is the changes of Qualitative Nature Of Dynamics.
Dof is the diffuse along of Classical Trajectories.
Resonances is the covers of Whole Phase Space.
Arnold Diffusion is the occurs in of Nonlinear Hamiltonian System.
Arnold Diffusion is the effects on of Quantum System.
Double-Well System couples Harmonic Oscillators.
Harmonic Oscillators haves Incommensurate Frequencies.
Quantum System is the occurs in of Dissipative Behavior.
Light Absorption interprets Energy Transport.
Delocalized State is the couples with of Irregular Motion Phase.
Tunneling Time bes Given.
Double-Well System haves Dipole-Type Interaction.
Energetical Barrier Tunneling explains Three-State Model.
Chaotic Dynamics models Multi-Level Hamiltonian.
Chaotic Dynamics uses Random Matrix Model.
Tunneling Amplitude describes Chaos-Assisted Instanton Tunneling.
Whisker Map is the estimates of Stochastic Layer Width.
Perturbation is the destroys of Stochastic Layer.
Stochastic Layer is the enhances of Tunneling Rate.
Tunneling Amplitude relates Energy Splitting.
Ground Floquet States is the between of Energy Splitting.
Uncertainty Product measures Quantum Fluctuation.