Relativistic Heavy-Ion Collisions is the generation of Hot And Dense Matter.
Low Energy Collisions is the production of Dense Nuclear Matter.
Low Energy Collisions is the production of Moderate Temperature.
Low Energy Collisions is the production of Large Baryon Chemical Potential.
Ultra-Relativistic Collisions is the production of Hot Matter.
Ultra-Relativistic Collisions is the production of Small Baryon Chemical Potential.
Phase Diagram is the exploration of Strongly Interacting Matter.
Phase Diagram is the exploration of Relativistic Heavy-Ion Collisions.
Lattice Calculations bases Quantum Chromodynamics.
Phase Transition is the transition of Hadronic Degrees Of Freedom.
Phase Transition is the transition of Partonic Degrees Of Freedom.
Phase Transition expects Crossover.
Crossover is the behavior change of Critical Point.
Critical Point is the increase of Baryon Chemical Potential.
Beam Energy Scan Program is the objective of Critical Point.
Beam Energy Scan Program is the objective of Phase Boundary.
Beam Energy Scan Program is the gradual decrease of Collision Energy.
Heavy Flavor Mesons considers Probes.
Heavy Flavor Mesons is the requirement of Energy-Momentum Transfer.
Heavy Flavor Mesons is the description of Perturbative Quantum Chromodynamics.
Heavy Flavor Mesons is the interaction of Interactions.
Suppression is the effect on of Transverse Momentum.
Interactions is the occur in of Noncentral Heavy-Ion Collisions.
Experimental Data is the comparison of Suppression.
Experimental Data is the comparison of Elliptic Flow.
Suppression is the impact on of Heavy-Flavor Production.
Elliptic Flow is the generation of Interactions.
Experimental Data is the comparison of Suppression.
Experimental Data is the comparison of Elliptic Flow.
Experimental Data is the comparison of Heavy-Flavor Production.
Groups points Heavy-Flavor Production.
Parton-Hadron-String Dynamics Approach is the comparison of Conventional Boltzmann-Type Models.
Quasi-Particles is the generation of Mean-Field Potential.
Dynamical Quarks is the distribution of Spectral Functions.
Spectral Functions defines Pole Positions.
Spectral Functions defines Widths.
Spectral Functions defines Self-Energies.
Quasiparticle Model fits Strong Coupling.
Quasiparticle Model fits Self-Energies.
Quasiparticle Model is the comparison of Lattice Qcd Results.
Charm Production is the description of Experimental Data.
Charm Production performs Star Collaboration.
Charm Production performs Alice Collaboration.
Charm Production includes Shadowing Effect.
Charm Production applys Phsd Approach.
Bottom Production is the extension to of Phsd Approach.
Bottom Production is the comparison of Charm Production.
Scattering Cross Sections is the calculation of Bottom Quarks.
Scattering Cross Sections is the calculation of Off-Shell Partons.
Scattering Cross Sections is the calculation of Dqpm.
Scattering Cross Sections is the comparison of Lattice Qcd Results.
Effective Lagrangian uses Bottom Quarks.
Experimental Results is the comparison of Phsd Approach.
Heavy Mesons is the hadronization of Mesons.
Semileptonic Decay is the production of Single Electrons.
Single Electrons is the comparison of Experimental Data.
Azimuthal Angle is the modification of Heavy-Flavor Pair.
Azimuthal Angle is the interaction of Interactions.
Phenix Collaboration is the contributor of John Doe.
Intersecting Storage Rings is the contributor of John Doe.
John Doe is the user of of Eps09 Package.
Eps09 Package is the employs of Phsd.
Phsd bases Dqpm.
Dqpm bases Lqcd.
Monte Carlo uses John Doe.
Initial Heavy - Quark Pairs is the interactions of Medium.
Initial Heavy - Quark Pairs produces Back - To - Back.
Initial Correlations locates @Xmath199.
Charm Pairs is the after interactions with medium of Disappear.
Bottom Quark is the to change direction of motion of Too Heavy.
Azimuthal Angular Correlation is the remarkably near @ xmath202 of Enhanced.
@Xmath107 And @Xmath193 Mesons is the in similar transverse directions at freeze out of Move.
Transverse Flow is the on the position of the particles of Depend.
Scattering Cross Sections is the quarks are stuck in the medium of Large.
Transverse Flows is the collective flows of quarks will be independent of Independent.
Heavy Antiquark is the to that of the heavy quark of Opposite.
Flow Effect is the on the angular correlation of Angular Correlation.
Transverse Position is the of the initial heavy antiquark with respect to the origin of Reflection.
Initial Azimuthal Angular Correlation dos Change.
Final @Xmath107 And @Xmath193 Mesons is the to that without the reflection of Opposite.
Charm And Anticharm Quarks gets Strong Interactions.
Charm And Anticharm Quarks is the similar flows depending on position of Exhibit.
Single Electron Production is the through the semileptonic decay of heavy mesons of Studied.
Ratio is the at these collision energies of Less Than 1 %.
@Xmath18 Spectrum is the than that of charm quarks of Harder.
Single Electrons is the than that from @ xmath0meson decay of More Energetic.
Parton - Hadron - String Dynamics ( Phsd ) Approach is the since it successfully describes @ xmath0meson production of Employed.
Phsd Approach is the to @ xmath1meson production of Extended.
Single Electron Production is the with the experimental data from the phenix collaboration of Compared.
Experimental Data is the for @ xmath1mesons at the rhic energies of No Data.
Bottom Pairs is the by using the pythia event generator of Produced.
@Xmath18 Spectrum is the to reproduce the @ xmath18 spectrum and rapidity distribution of bottom quark pairs of Tuned.
( Anti)Shadowing Effect is the by means of the eps09 package of Implemented.
Scattering Cross Sections is the in the dynamical quasi - particle model ( dqpm ) of Calculated.
Heavy - Quark Diffusion Coefficients is the from lattice qcd calculations at temperatures above the deconfinement transition of Reproduces.
Critical Energy Density is the for the phase transition from above of Approaching.
Heavy ( Anti)Quarks is the into @ xmath0 and @ xmath1mesons through the coalescence with light ( anti ) quarks of Hadronized.
Heavy Quarks is the by fragmentation as in p+p collisions of Hadronize.
Hadronized @Xmath0 And @Xmath1Mesons is the with light hadrons in the hadronic phase of Interact.
Freeze - Out is the single electrons through semileptonic decays of Produce.
Branching Ratios is the by the particle data group ( pdg ) of Given.
Coalescence Probability is the for bottom quarks is still large at high @ xmath18 compared to charm quarks of Large.
Coalescence Probability is the as a function of the transverse velocity of the heavy quark of Expressed.
Phsd Approach is the the experimental data on single electron production in au+au collisions at @ xmath2200 and the elliptic flow of electrons at @ xmath262.4 gev from the phenix collaboration of Reproduces.
@Xmath6 is the at @ xmath262.4 gev is clearly underestimated of Underestimated.
Predictions is the for @ xmath0meson and single electron production in au+au collisions at @ xmath819.2 gev of Made.
Medium Modifications is the of the azimuthal angular correlation of heavy - flavor pairs in central au+au collisions at @ xmath2200 gev of Studied.
Romanets collaborates L. L. Salcedo.
Romanets collaborates L. Tolos.
L. L. Salcedo collaborates L. Tolos.
L. L. Salcedo collaborates C. Garcia-Recio.
L. L. Salcedo collaborates J. Nieves.
L. L. Salcedo collaborates J. M. Torres-Rincon.
L. Tolos collaborates J. M. Torres-Rincon.
L. Tolos collaborates O. Romanets.
J. M. Torres-Rincon collaborates O. Romanets.