Neptune is the influences of Rayleigh Scattering.
Neptune is the influences of Raman Scattering.
Neptune is the influences of Molecular Hydrogen.
Rayleigh Scattering is the induces of Polarization.
Rayleigh Scattering is the influences of Vector Radiation Transfer Equation.
Raman Scattering is the influences of Raman Source Function.
Raman Scattering is the influences of Approximations.
Approximations is the utilizes of Baines And Smith.
Approximations is the utilizes of Wallace.
Approximations is the utilizes of Pollack.
Approximations is the utilizes of Karkoschka.
Approximations is the utilizes of Cochran And Trafton.
Approximations is the utilizes of Courtin.
Courtin is the utilizes of Toon.
Courtin is the utilizes of Btremieux And Yelle.
Btremieux And Yelle is the utilizes of Stamnes.
Molecular Hydrogen is the studies of Farkas.
Molecular Hydrogen is the studies of Massie And Hunten.
Ford And Browne is the studies of Hollas.
Placzek is the studies of Soris And Evans.
Bhagavantam 1942 is the citation of Cabannes And Rousset 1936.
Bhagavantam 1942 is the citation of Bhagavantam 1931.
Evans And Stephens 1991 is the citation of Hansen And Travis 1974.
Sromovsky 2004 is the validation of Sweigart 1970.
Sromovsky 2004 is the validation of Dlugach And Yanovitskij 1974.
Sromovsky 2004 is the validation of Kattawar And Adams 1971.
Goody And Yung 1989 is the citation of Evans And Stephens 1991.
Hovenier 1969 is the mention of Hovenier 1969.
Hu 2000 is the citation of Hovenier 1969.
Radiance is the proportional to of Atmosphere.
Radiance is the proportional to of Incident Irradiance.
Radiance is the proportional to of Properties.
Radiance is the proportional to of Top Layer.
Radiance is the proportional to of Bottom Layer.
Source Vector haves Top Layer.
Source Vector haves Raman Transitions.
Source Vector haves Wavelength.
Source Vector haves Source Direction.
Source Vector haves Source Addition Equations.
Source Vector haves Source Matrices.
Source Vector haves Solar Irradiance.
Source Vector haves Radiance Field.
Radiance Field measures Energy Per Unit Wavenumber.
Radiance Field measures Photons Per Unit Wavenumber.
Radiance Field haves Source Function.
Radiation Transfer Problem is the involves of Incident Flux.
Radiation Transfer Problem is the involves of Pseudo Reflection Matrix.
Pseudo Reflection Matrix is the computes of Spatially Resolved Intensity Profiles.
Pseudo Reflection Matrix is the computes of Azimuthal Expansion.
Azimuthal Expansion is the involves of Legendre Polynomial Interpolation.
Test Calculations is the involves of Radiation Transfer Problem.
Test Calculations is the involves of Conservation Of Photons.
Thermal Structure obtains Radio Occultation Observations.
Thermal Structure is the assumes of Gas Composition.
Thermal Structure limits Vertical Optical Depth.
Vertical Optical Depth is the contributes to of Rayleigh Scattering.
Vertical Optical Depth is the contributes to of Collision-Induced Absorption.
Vertical Optical Depth is the contributes to of Ch4 Mixing Ratio.
Vertical Optical Depth is the contributes to of Clouds.
Vertical Optical Depth is the contributes to of Depolarization Factor.
Vertical Optical Depth is the contributes to of Refractive Index.
Vertical Optical Depth is the contributes to of Ammonia'S Refractive Index.
Vertical Optical Depth is the contributes to of Aerosols.
Aerosols includes Stratospheric Haze.
Aerosols includes Cloud Aerosols.
Aerosols includes Mie-Scattering Spherical Particles.
Mie-Scattering Spherical Particles haves Gamma Size Distribution.
Neptune researchs Pryor.
Neptune researchs Courtin.
Neptune researchs Moses.
Neptune researchs Baines.
Neptune researchs Kurucz.
Neptune researchs Neckel And Labs.
Neptune researchs Woods.
Neptune researchs Sromovsky.
Raman Scattering is the affects of Neptune.
Photons is the raman shifted of Wavelength.
Sharp Absorption Features is the partially filled in of Reflected Flux.
Reflected Flux divides Albedo.
Solar Absorption Features is the prominent in of Outer Planets.
Ghost Features produces Irradiance Spectrum.
Ghost Features is the amplitude comparison with of Geometric Albedo.
Ghost Features displaces Wavelength.
Geometric Albedo measures Neptune.
Raman Scattering is the reduces of Geometric Albedo.
Raman Scattering is the produces effects on of Neptune.
Raman Scattering is the produces effects throughout of Uv Spectrum.
Raman Scattering is the produces effects throughout of Visible Spectrum.
Raman Scattering is the reduces by nearly 25 % of Baseline Geometric Albedo.
Raman Scattering is the affects of Clear Atmosphere.
Raman Scattering is the fill-in of of Reflectivity Minima.
Raman Scattering is the raman scattered photons in of Strong Ch4 Bands.
Raman Scattering leaves Atmosphere.
Raman Scattering is the absorption by of Methane.
Raman Scattering is the collision-induced absorption by of Hydrogen.
Raman Scattering dilutes Helium.
Raman Scattering is the effect on geometric albedo of Polarization.
Raman Scattering is the small difference between calculations with and without polarization of Net Result.
Raman Scattering is the calculations for of He-Free Atmosphere.
Raman Scattering is the only conservative with of Rayleigh Scattering.
Aerosol Opacity needs 1-3 Bar Level.
Spectral Resolution is the difference in of Observations.
Particulate Scattering is the occurs at of High Altitudes.
Bright Features sees Voyager, Hst, Groundbased Images.
Pressure Estimates estimates 23 Mb To 60 Mb At 30-40N, 100-230 Mb At 30-50S, 170 Mb To 270 Mb Near 70S.
Fractional Coverage requires Bright High Altitude Clouds.
Cloud Aerosols is the contribution to of Window Regions At 0.825M And 0.935M.
Collision-Induced Absorption is the less in observations than calculations of 0.8-0.83M Region.
Ortho/Para Ratio is the affects raman features in neptune 's reflection spectrum of Equilibrium And Normal H0.
Vibrational Coefficient is the about twice the size of of Rotational Contribution.
Multiple Scattering is the effect not accounted for of Significant.
Spatially Resolved Observations is the depends on of Amplitude Of Raman Effects.
Rayleigh Scattering Cross Section uses Total Cross Section For Absorption By Ch4 And Cia By H0.
Raman Scattering is the occurs in of Neptune.
Validation Of The Code is the demonstrates of Photon Conservation.
Validation Of The Code compares Low-Resolution Calculations.
Validation Of The Code compares Hst.
Validation Of The Code compares Groundbased Observations.
Rayleigh Scattering is the affects of Neptune.
High-Altitude Absorbing Haze is the reduces effect of of Raman Scattering.
Solar Spectrum is the affects of Neptune.
Methane Bands is the affects of Neptune.
Aerosol-Free Models is the correlate with of Neptune.
Geometric Albedo is the reduces of Neptune.
Uv Absorbing Haze is the affects of Neptune.
Cloud Layers is the present in of Neptune.
Uranus is the similar to of Neptune.
Vertical Temperature Structure is the similar to of Neptune.
Gas Composition is the similar to of Neptune.
Aerosol Loading is the similar to of Neptune.
Sromovsky collaborates F. J. Evans.
Sromovsky collaborates L. A..
Sromovsky collaborates P. M. Fry.
Sromovsky collaborates S. S. Limaye.
Sromovsky collaborates K. H. Baines.
Sromovsky collaborates T. Dowling.
Stamnes collaborates S .- C . Tsay.
Stamnes collaborates W. Wiscombe.
Stamnes collaborates K. Jayaweera.
Sweigart collaborates A. V..
Toon collaborates C. P. Mckay.
Toon collaborates T. P. Ackerman.
Toon collaborates K. Santhanam.
Wagener collaborates J. Caldwell.
Wagener collaborates K - H . Fricke.
Wallace collaborates L..
Woods collaborates G. J. Ucker.
Woods collaborates G. J. Rottman.