Self-Gravitating Fluid haves Axially Symmetric Solutions.
Einstein Field Equations is the model of Axially Symmetric Solutions.
Exact Axial Symmetric Solutions uses Galactic Models.
Static Thin Disk Solutions studys Disks Without Radial Pressure.
Static Thin Disk Solutions studys Disks With Radial Pressure.
Static Thin Disk Solutions studys Disks With Radial Tension.
Static Thin Disk Solutions studys Self-Similar Static Disks.
Static Thin Disk Solutions studys Superpositions Of Black Holes With Static Disks.
Relativistic Counter-Rotating Thin Disks finds Kerr Type Metrics.
Counter-Rotating Models studys Dust Disks Without Radial Pressure.
Counter-Rotating Models studys Rotating Disks With Heat Flow.
Static Thin Disks uses Known Vacuum Spacetimes.
Static Thin Disks uses Chazy-Curzon Metric.
Static Thin Disks uses Zipoy-Voorhees Metric.
Static Thin Disks is the correspond to of Classical Galactic Disk Potentials.
Stationary Disk Models is the include of Electric Fields.
Stationary Disk Models is the include of Magnetic Fields.
Stationary Disk Models is the include of Electric And Magnetic Fields.
Exact Solutions For Thin Disks finds Disks Made With Single And Composite Halos Of Matter.
Exact Solutions For Thin Disks finds Charged Dust.
Exact Solutions For Thin Disks finds Charged Perfect Fluid.
Survey On Relativistic Gravitating Disks is the for of Perturbations.
Models Constructed Above uses Energy Momentum Tensor.
Exact Disk Solutions finds Direct Method.
Thickness Of The Disks is the must consider of Galaxies.
Exact Axially Symmetric Relativistic Thick Disks studys Different Coordinate Systems.
Schwarzschild Metric obtains Different Thick Disks.
Thickness Of The Disks is the depends on of Stability.
Stability is the might give insight on of Formation Of Bars.
Stability is the might give insight on of Formation Of Rings.
Stability is the might give insight on of Formation Of Stellar Patterns.
Perturbation is the can cause of Collapse Of A Stable Object.
Newtonian Theory develops Models For Globular Clusters.
Newtonian Theory develops Models For Spherical Galaxies.
Disk Galaxies obtains Important Thick Disk Models.
Miyamoto And Nagai obtains Three-Dimensional Axisymmetric Mass Distribution.
Miyamoto And Nagai develops Triaxial Generalization.
Miyamoto And Nagai develops Relativistic Version.
General Relativistic Physical Model For Galaxies is the must consider of Thickness Of The Disks.
Thickness Of The Disks is the depends on of Stability.
Perturbations perturbs Fluid Quantities.
General Thick Disk Case is the larger than of Unknowns.
Perturbed Quantities treats Test Matter.
Conservation Equations relates Energy Momentum Tensor.
Energy Density relates Pressures.
Thermodynamic Quantities is the must satisfy of Strong Energy Conditions.
Thermodynamic Quantities is the must satisfy of Weak Energy Conditions.
Thermodynamic Quantities is the must satisfy of Dominant Energy Conditions.
Perturbation Equations compares Newtonian Gravity.
Fokker-Planck Equation obtains Particle Distribution Function.
Second Order Partial Differential Equation is the reduces to of Perturbations.
General Isotropic Line Element is the correspondence of Cylindrical Coordinates.
General Relativistic Disks obtains Metric.
General Relativistic Disks obtains Specializations.
Mass Of The Disk is the control shape of density curves of Constants.
Metric provides Energy Density.
Metric provides Pressures.
General Relativistic Disks calculates Energy Density.
General Relativistic Disks calculates Pressures.
Effective Newtonian Density relates Energy Density.
Weak Energy Condition requires Energy Density.
Dominant Energy Condition requires Energy Density.
Parameters is the satisfy of Energy Conditions.
Level Curves is the show of Physically Acceptable.
Parameters is the satisfy of Physically Acceptable.
Finite Disk is the study stability of Radial Cutoff.
Finite Disk is the study stability of Axial Cutoff.
Radial Cutoff is the define of Energy Density Within The Disk.
Radial Cutoff sets Cutoff Parameters.
Axial Cutoff is the define of Energy Density Within The Disk.
Axial Cutoff sets Cutoff Parameters.
Perturbations is the apply to of Four Velocity.
Perturbations is the expect variations in of Thermodynamic Quantities.
Perturbations reduces Second Order Ordinary Differential Equation.
Perturbation is the study of Perturbation Amplitude Profile.
Perturbation is the perturb of Radial Pressure Perturbation.
Perturbation is the perturb of Physical Radial Velocity Perturbation.
Perturbation is the perturb of Physical Azimuthal Velocity Perturbation.
Perturbation is the compare with of Perturbation Values.
Perturbation is the compare with of Escape Velocity.
Perturbation is the assess of Perturbation Stability.
Perturbation is the analyze of Perturbation Modes.
Perturbation is the form of Complex Structures.
Perturbation Frequency is the affect of Perturbation.
Perturbation Analysis is the perform of Perturbation.
Perturbation Profiles is the show of Perturbation Behavior.
Perturbation Behavior is the indicate of Perturbation Stability.
Perturbation Solutions finds Perturbation.