Work is the probability distribution of System.
System is the fluctuations of Macroscopic Quantities.
Macroscopic Quantities is the negligible fluctuation of Particles.
System is the fluctuation ratio of Canonical Ensemble.
Fluctuation is the negligible fluctuation of Average.
Canonical Ensemble is the negligible fluctuation of Fluctuation.
System is the describe of Work Function.
Work Function is the definition of Classical Mechanics.
Classical Mechanics is the solve of Trajectory.
Trajectory is the fluctuation condition of System.
Fluctuation Condition is the initial condition of Classical Ensemble.
Classical Ensemble is the initial condition of Probability Distribution.
Probability Distribution is the satisfies of Work.
Probability Distribution is the satisfies of Dirac-Delta Function.
Dirac-Delta Function is the integration of Phase Space.
System is the different case of Quantum Ensemble.
Quantum Ensemble is the system states of Eigenenergies.
Quantum Ensemble is the initial state of Pure State.
Pure State is the transition probability of Final States.
Transition Probability is the calculation of Work Done.
Pure State discretizeds Work Function.
Work Function is the different case of Quantum Ensemble.
Quantum Ensemble is the measurement of Mixed State.
Mixed State is the measurement of System Energy.
Mixed State is the projection of Instantaneous Energy Eigenstates.
Instantaneous Energy Eigenstates discretizeds Work Function.
Work Function is the relation of Jarzynski Equality.
Jarzynski Equality is the relates of Non-Equilibrium Process.
Jarzynski Equality is the relates of Equilibrium Process.
Equilibrium Process fixs Temperature.
Jarzynski Equality is the measurement of Free Energy.
Free Energy is the measurement of Equilibrium Quantity.
Free Energy is the change of Parameter.
Parameter is the measurement of Equilibrium Quantity.
Parameter is the independent of Work Function.
Work Function is the estimate of Measurement.
Measurement is the example of Protein.
Protein is the change of Parameter.
Parameter is the measure of Work.
Work is the estimate of Average.
Work is the large of Fluctuation.
Average is the infinitely long duration of Conventional Adiabatic Process.
Fluctuation is the slow convergence of Expectation.
Fast-Forward Adiabatic Process is the comparison of Conventional Adiabatic Process.
Conventional Adiabatic Process is the suppression of Work Fluctuation.
Work Fluctuation is the comparison of Fast-Forward Adiabatic Process.
Work Fluctuation is the convergence of Speed.
Adiabatic Process is the suppression of Work Fluctuation.
Adiabatic Process is the longer of Time.
Control Field is the suppression of Work Fluctuation.
Classical Theory is the explanation of Work Function.
Work Function is the suppression of Control Field.
Control Field is the comparison of Work Fluctuation.
Control Field is the suppression of Gibbs Canonical Ensemble.
Simulation Results is the show of End.
Type-Ii Generating Function gets Relation.
Relation is the calculate of Action.
Action follows Cyclic.
Cyclic finds Type-Ii Generating Function.
Type-Ii Generating Function is the relation of Work Function.
Work Function is the specify of Ensemble.
Ensemble is the measurement of Partition Function.
Partition Function is the distribution of Momentum.
Partition Function is the distribution of Position.
Position is the calculation of Work Function.
Simulation Results is the show of End.
Type-Ii Generating Function is the calculate of Action.
Action follows Cyclic.
Cyclic finds Type-Ii Generating Function.
Type-Ii Generating Function is the relation of Work Function.
Work Function is the specify of Ensemble.
Ensemble is the measurement of Partition Function.
Partition Function is the distribution of Momentum.
Partition Function is the distribution of Position.
Position is the calculation of Work Function.
Xmath306 is the average energy of Xmath307.
Xmath307 is the average work of Xmath308.
Xmath295 is the average energy of Xmath309.
Xmath310 is the heat received of Xmath311.
Xmath311 is the heat received of Xmath312.
Xmath312 is the work done of Xmath313.
Xmath314 is the total time of Xmath315.
Xmath315 is the output process of Xmath316.
Xmath316 is the dominant process of Xmath317.
Xmath317 is the efficiency at maximum output of Xmath318.
Xmath316 is the sudden limit work of Xmath319.
Xmath319 is the sudden limit work of Xmath320.
Xmath320 is the sudden limit work of Xmath321.
Xmath321 is the sudden limit work of Xmath322.
Xmath323 is the total time of Xmath324.
Xmath324 is the time assumption of Xmath325.
Xmath325 is the total work of Xmath326.
Xmath326 is the total work power of Xmath327.
Xmath327 is the efficiency at maximum output of Xmath328.
Xmath316 is the output improvement of Xmath330.