Nonignorable Dropouts is the lead to of Covariate Effects.
Nonignorable Dropouts is the result in of Failure To Detect Important Covariate Effects.
Nonidentifiability is the common problem in of Modeling Nonignorable Missing Data.
Sensitivity Analysis examines Inference.
Bayesian Sensitivity Analysis is the assume informative normal prior distributions for of Normal Prior Distributions.
Bayesian Sensitivity Analysis is the show of Parameter Estimates.
Bayesian Sensitivity Analysis is the estimate of the measurement models of Measurement Models.
Bayesian Sensitivity Analysis is the estimate of cancer stage in the measurement model of patient of Cancer Stage.
Bayesian Sensitivity Analysis is the estimate of spouse s mpi in the measurement model of spouse of Spouse S Mpi.
Bayesian Sensitivity Analysis is the vary from of Prior Means.
Bayesian Sensitivity Analysis is the sensitivity analysis on the prior distributions of of Prior Distributions.
Bayesian Sensitivity Analysis suggests Proposed Method.
Selection-Model-Based Approach is the analyze of Longitudinal Dyadic Data.
Selection-Model-Based Approach is the account for of Nonignorable Dropouts.
Selection-Model-Based Approach is the result in of Actor Effects.
Selection-Model-Based Approach is the result in of Partner Effects.
Selection-Model-Based Approach facilitates Interdependence.
Selection-Model-Based Approach haves Parameters.
Selection-Model-Based Approach links Dropout Process.
Selection-Model-Based Approach is the address the complex missing data problem caused by dropout and interdependence within dyads of Data Augment Method.
Simulation Study is the show that the proposed method yields consistent estimates with correct coverage rates of Proposed Method.
Simulation Study applys Breast Cancer Study.
Simulation Study provides Interdependence Of The Dyads.
Spouse S Cesd is the design more efficient depression prevention programs for of Depression Prevention Programs.
Time-Dependent Covariates is the influence dropout of Important Time-Dependent Factors.
Time-Dependent Random Effect is the influence dropout of Unmeasured Time-Variant Factors.
Hierarchical Structure is the shrink toward of Dyad-Level Time-Invariant Random Effect.
Hierarchical Structure puts Common Random Effect.
Hierarchical Structure puts Coefficients Of Common Covariates.
Referees is the thank for very helpful comments of Associate Editor.
Referees is the thank for very helpful comments of Editor.
Referees is the thank for very helpful comments of Professor Susan Paddock.