Gold records Probe Power.
Probe Power records 250-Khz System.
Probe Power records 95-Mhz System.
Photoemission Count Rate measures Fermi Level.
250-Khz System records Space-Charge Effects.
95-Mhz System records Space-Charge Effects.
Valence-Band Maximum is the bound near of Photoelectrons.
Photon Energy probes Photoelectrons.
Work Function is the causes cutoff in of Valence-Band Maximum.
Energy Resolution estimates Apparatus.
Apparatus is the describes of Time Resolution.
Highly Oriented Pyrolytic Graphite (Hopg) estimates Time Resolution.
Bi relates Solid-State Physics.
Bi is the first matter with experimentally revealed of Fermi Surface.
Bi induces Ultrafast Phenomena.
Bi studys Angle-Resolved Photoemission Spectroscopy (Arpes).
Bi subjects Spin-Orbit Interaction.
Bi is the exhibits of Rashba-Type Spin Splittings.
Bi is the candidate of of Topological Insulator.
Bi alloys Antimony.
Energy induces Carrier Dynamics.
Delay is the arrival of of Pump Pulse.
Spectral Intensity maps Carrier Dynamics.
Pump Fluence induces Carrier Dynamics.
Surface States is the response of of Carrier Dynamics.
Energy Window is the variation at of Carrier Dynamics.
Spectra records Carrier Dynamics.
Multi-Channel Plate is the monitoring of of Carrier Dynamics.
Pump Power is the corresponds to of Carrier Dynamics.
Fiber Laser implements Carrier Dynamics.
Sample is the suffers from of Heatings.
Sample is the suffers from of Ablations.
Superconductors is the oscillations in of Oscillations.
Cuprates is the oscillations in of Oscillations.
Yb : Fiber Laser System is the compatibility of Ti : Sapphire.
All-Solid Yb : Fiber Laser System shares Optics Components.
Photon Energies is the similar energies of Optics Components.
Methods is the applicable methods of Ti : Sapphire.
Pin-Hole Method directs Sample Position.
Infrared Pump is the visualization method of Ultraviolet Probe Beams.
Laser is the stabilization of Temperature.
Temperature is the stabilization of Sample Position.
Sample Position is the stabilization of Laser.
Repetitive Delay Scanning is the during scanning of Data Acquisition.
Short Pulses is the resolution of Energy.
Bi(111)/Hopg is the unique method of Reference Sample.
Surface States is the response of Bi(111).
Pump Fluence is the cross-correlate of Bi(111).
Photoelectrons is the formation of Bunch.
Pulse Length is the shift cause of Mirror Charge.
Probe Beam is the affects of Size And Shape.
Energy Distribution is the depends on of Valence Band Structure.
Valence Band Structure is the structure dependency of Sample.
Conductivity is the effects of Sample.
Space- And Mirror-Charge Effects is the shift cause of Spectrum.
Fermi Cutoff is the shift cause of Kinetic Energy.
Photoelectron Bunch is the attraction of Mirror Charge.
Low-Flux Region is the dominance of Mirror Charge.
Femtoseconds is the observation of Mirror Charge Effects.
Photon Energy is the contribution of Photoelectrons.
Energy Resolution is the discernability of Downward Shift.
S/N facilitates Downward Shift.
Multi-Photon Photoelectron Spectroscopy is the dominance of Mirror Charge Effects.
Density Of States is the depends on of Photon Energy.
Spectral Cutoff is the occurrence of Work Function.
Work Function is the cutoff condition of Valence-Band Region.
Number Of Valence Electrons is the contribution of Photoelectron Bunch.
Width Of Valence Band is the contribution of Photoelectron Bunch.
Angular Distributions is the emission of Photoelectrons.
Debye-Ring-Like Distribution is the observation of Micro-Crystals.
Micro-Crystals is the orientation of 111 Faces.
111 Faces is the normal orientation of Surface.
Oriented Structure is the stability of Stability.
Tarpes Signal is the utilization of Spatio-Temporal Overlap.