X-Ray Spectra is the show evidence for of Bhxbs.
Bhxbs is the show structure to of Two-Phase Structure.
Two-Phase Structure is the consist of of Accretion Flow.
Accretion Flow is the lead to of Accretion Disc.
Accretion Disc is the result in of Blackbody Component.
Accretion Disc is the result in of Hot Optically-Thin Component.
Hot Optically-Thin Component is the model as of Power Law.
Power Law is the define appearance of of States.
States is the focus on of Hard State.
Power Law is the produce by of Inner Optically-Thin Advection Dominated Accretion Flow (Adaf).
Inner Optically-Thin Advection Dominated Accretion Flow (Adaf) replaces Inner Optically Thick Disc.
Inner Optically-Thick Disc is the truncate at of Low Accretion Rates.
Optically Thick Disc is the truncate at of Transition Radius.
Optically Thick Disc is the co-exist with of Optically Thin Components.
Optically Thin Components sandwichs Thin Disc.
Thin Disc is the co-exist with of Hot Flow Or Corona.
Hot Flow Or Corona is the evaporate of Corona.
Corona is the separate from of Innermost Regions.
Corona is the interact with of Optically Thick Disc.
Optically Thick Disc heats Thermal Reprocessing.
Optically Thick Disc sees Solid Angle.
Thermal Reprocessing is the significant in of Hard State.
Thermal Reprocessing reprocesss Disc Blackbody Emission.
Disc Blackbody Emission correlates Power Law Continuum.
Disc Blackbody Emission is the track variations of of Variability Spectra.
Variability Spectra is the show components of of Rms Spectrum.
Power Law appears Blackbody Components.
Variability Spectra is the analyze using of Fourier-Resolved Spectroscopy.
Fourier-Resolved Spectroscopy is the determine origin of of Low-Frequency Part.
Low-Frequency Part is the drive by of Psd.
Psd is the predict stronger in of Blackbody Component.
Blackbody Component is the stronger in of Variability Spectrum.
Swift J1753.5-0127 observes Xmm-Newton.
Swift J1753.5-0127 observes Epic-Pn.
Gx 339-4 observes Xmm-Newton.
Gx 339-4 observes Epic-Pn.
Perl Script Xmmcleankaa/Xselect/Xmmclean uses Sas Version 7.0.
Sas Version 7.0 is the generate of Arf.
Sas Version 7.0 is the generate of Rmf.
Pile-Up is the avoid with of Epic-Pn.
Epic-Pn is the free of of Pile-Up.
Epic-Pn is the perform with of Spectral Fits.
Epic-Pn is the difference in of Flux Calibration.
Epic-Pn assumes Systematic Error.
Pca Event Mode Data is the extract with of Epic-Pn.
Pca Event Mode Data is the extract and make of Mean Spectra.
Pca Event Mode Data is the make using of Rms And Covariance Spectra.
Pca Event Mode Data is the use same as of Time Binning.
Timing Properties is the examine using of Power-Spectral Density Function (Psd).
Power-Spectral Density Function (Psd) is the generate with of Light Curves.
Light Curves is the subtract from of Poisson-Noise.
Poisson-Noise is the subtract from of Power-Spectral Density Function (Psd).