Deuterium produces Primordial Big Bang Nucleosynthesis.
Deuterium destroys Stellar Interiors.
Deuterium is the key element in of Cosmology.
Deuterium is the key element in of Galactic Chemical Evolution.
Deuterium is the best tracer of of Baryonic Density Parameter.
Baryonic Density Parameter traces Universe.
Deuterium is the trace amount of of Star Formation.
Deuterium is the vary in of Galactic Ism.
D/H Measurements makes Hot Stars.
Hot Stars suggests G191B2B.
Hot Stars is the evaluation toward of Capella.
G191B2B detects Heliospheric Absorption.
Capella detects Heliospheric Absorption.
Heliospheric Absorption models Local Ism.
Heliospheric Absorption sees Neutral Hydrogen Atoms.
Heliospheric Absorption simulates Lyman Lines.
Heliospheric Absorption affects Lyman-Alpha Analyses.
Heliospheric Absorption detects Gas.
Gas is the state of of Warm Gas.
Referee stresss Hi.
Referee emphasizes Report.
Referee estimates Evaluation.
Lyman is the sensitiveto of Hi.
Component is the generatedby of Velocity.
Component is the identifiedin of Absorption.
Shock is the producedat of Velocity.
Shock is the originatedin of Region.
Supernova is the associatedwith of Signature.
Supernova is the enteringphase of Event.
Supernova is the near of Region.
Star generates Gas.
Star is the detectedat of Activity.
Survey is the completedover of Velocity.
Survey is the scannedwith of Instrument.
Survey is the limitedby of Sensitivity.
Observation is the performedat of Lyman.
Observation relativelylimiteds Sensitivity.
Defense is the invokedby of Observation.
Defense is the invokedby of Observer.
Defense is the differentiatedby of Epoch.
Finding is the indicates of Evaluation.
Finding is the suggests of Effect.
Concern is the sourceof of Hi.
Concern is the affects of Profile.
Concern is the impacts of Order.
Bar is the causes of Evaluation.
Ratio is the evaluatedas of Ratio.
Ratio is the largerthan of Ratio.
Tracer is the traces of Variation.
Tracer is the confirmedby of Verification.
Path is the relatedto of Source.
System is the derivedfrom of Value.
System is the evaluatedfrom of Line.
System is the estimatedfrom of Density.
Collaboration is the providedfor of Profile.
Collaboration is the receivedfrom of Comment.