Atoms composes Bose-Einstein Condensates.
Atoms is the can be of Benchmark Tests.
Atoms is the can be of Quantum-Mechanical Models.
Atoms is the involves of Collision.
Counter-Propagating Condensates is the involves of Collision.
Collision takes Super-Sonic Velocity.
Collision is the leads to of Atoms Scattering.
Atoms Scattering is the involves of Empty Modes.
Atoms Scattering requires Quantum Treatment.
Quantum Treatment is the can be done semi-analytically of Bogoliubov Approximation.
Quantum Treatment is the can be done numerically of Numerical Treatment.
Atoms Scattering is the reveals of Correlations.
Correlations haves Scattered Atoms.
Correlations haves Sub-Poissonian Fluctuations.
Correlations is the creates of Atomic States.
Collision is the can have of Collisions.
Atomic States is the can have of Potential Application.
Potential Application is the for of Atomic Interferometry.
Spin-1 Condensate haves Matter-Wave.
Matter-Wave is the can change into of Two-Body Interaction.
Two-Body Interaction is the changes into of Spin Projection.
Spin Projection is the produces of Entangled Atomic Pairs.
Entangled Atomic Pairs is the useful for of Atom-Interferometry.
Collision is the can have of Raman Scattering.
Raman Scattering takes Ultra-Cold Atomic Cloud.
Ultra-Cold Atomic Cloud is the leads to of Inter-Atomic Transition.
Inter-Atomic Transition is the creates of Correlated Stokes Photon.
Inter-Atomic Transition is the creates of Atomic Excitation.
Raman Scattering haves Correlated Stokes Photon.
Correlated Stokes Photon haves Stokes Photons.
Raman Scattering is the similar to of Elastic Rayleigh Process.
Stokes Photons haves Energy Difference.
Raman Scattering haves Theoretical Studies.
Raman Scattering haves Experimental Observations.
Experimental Observations observes Ultra-Cold Samples.
Raman Scattering is the can have of Quasi-Condensate.
Quasi-Condensate is the forms in of Elongated Traps.
Quasi-Condensate haves Non-Zero Temperature.
Non-Zero Temperature is the causes of Phase Fluctuations.
Phase Fluctuations is the limits of Spatial Coherence.
Quasi-Condensate is the determines of Temperature Determination.
Temperature Determination is the determines of Density.
Temperature Determination is the determines of Second Order Correlation Function.
Detuned Pump Photon haves Wave-Vector.
Detuned Pump Photon accompanys Absorption.
Absorption is the accompanies of Spontaneous Emission.
Absorption is the accompanies of Transition.
3-Dimensional Problem is the introduces of Hamiltonian.
Hamiltonian is the derives of Heisenberg Equations.
Heisenberg Equations is the calculates of One-Body Density Matrix.
One-Body Density Matrix is the calculates in of Momentum Representation.
Quasi-Condensate includes Phase Fluctuations Incorporation.
Phase Fluctuations Incorporation is the affects of Far-Field Regime.
Far-Field Regime is the analyzes of Correlation Function Analysis.
Correlation Function Analysis is the analyzes of Momentum Distribution.
Momentum Distribution is the determines of Scattered Atom-Photon Pairs.
Scattered Atom-Photon Pairs is the uses of Perturbative Solution.
Perturbative Solution is the calculates in of Position Representation.
Interaction Times is the interacts with of Wave-Packet.
Wave-Packet is the interacts with of Mother Cloud.
Mother Cloud follows Free Expansion.
Free Expansion is the relates to of Wave-Vectors.
Free Expansion is the occurs in of Experimental Situations.
Experimental Situations is the occurs in of Far-Field Regime.
Far-Field Regime is the calculates in of Momentum-Dependent Density Matrix.
Momentum-Dependent Density Matrix is the derives of Atomic Density.
Atomic Density is the affects of Phase Noise.
Phase Noise is the uses of Numerical Simulation.
Numerical Simulation is the simulates of Ultra-Cold Bosonic Gas.
Ultra-Cold Bosonic Gas haves Atomic Mass.
Ultra-Cold Bosonic Gas haves Scattering Length.
Ultra-Cold Bosonic Gas is the confines of Harmonic Potential.
Harmonic Potential haves Radial Frequency.
Harmonic Potential haves Axial Frequency.
Ultra-Cold Bosonic Gas is the accounts for of Quasi-Condensate Fluctuations.
Quasi-Condensate Fluctuations is the evaluates of Density Profile.