Clusters Of Galaxies predicts Scaling Relations.
Observable Quantities is the relation of Luminosity.
Observable Quantities is the relation of Temperature.
Observable Quantities is the relation of Mass.
X-Ray Properties dos Clusters Of Galaxies.
Relationship observes Markevitch.
Relationship observes Allen & Fabian.
Relationship observes Arnaud & Evrard.
Effort directs Tozzi & Norman.
Effort directs Dav Et Al..
Effort directs Babul Et Al..
Babul Et Al. refers Bblp02.
Gas Mass Relation suggests Neumann & Arnaud.
Self-Similar Scaling is the explains of Gas Density Profile.
Galaxy Formation claims Bryan.
Hot Clusters observes Balogh Et Al..
Balogh Et Al. observes Roussel, Sadat, & Blanchard.
Roussel, Sadat, & Blanchard observes Grego Et Al..
Sunyaev-Zeldovich Effect observes Grego Et Al..
Total Cluster Mass observes Horner Et Al..
Total Cluster Mass observes Ettori & Fabian.
Total Cluster Mass observes Nevalainen Et Al..
Total Cluster Mass observes Finoguenov Et Al..
Radiative Cooling neglects Star Formation.
Radiative Cooling neglects Feedback.
Radiative Cooling neglects Lewis Et Al..
Radiative Cooling neglects Pearce Et Al..
Radiative Cooling neglects Muanwong Et Al..
Cooling Crisis discusss Lewis Et Al..
Cooling Crisis discusss Pearce Et Al..
Preheating refers Bblp02.
Preheating initiates Kaiser.
Preheating investigates Evrard & Henry.
Preheating investigates Bower.
Preheating investigates Cavaliere Et Al..
Preheating investigates Wu, Fabian, & Nulsen.
Preheating investigates Loewenstein.
Preheating investigates Borgani Et Al..
Preheating investigates Thomas Et Al..
Icm proposes Galactic Winds.
Icm proposes Active Galactic Nuclei.
Bblp02 refers Bialek Et Al..
Chandra provides Xmm-Newton.
Cdm Cosmology bases Nucleosynthesis.
Nucleosynthesis refers Burles & Tytler.
Preheating Levels uses Ponman Et Al..
Preheating Levels uses Lloyd-Davies Et Al..
Preheating Levels uses Moore Et Al..
Preheating Levels uses Klypin Et Al..
Dark Matter describes Ultra-High Resolution Numerical Simulations.
Dark Matter unaffecteds Entropy Floor.
Dark Matter describes Adiabatic Bondi Accretion Rate.
Dark Matter describes Entropy Profile.
Dark Matter assumes Hydrostatic Equilibrium.
Low Mass Cluster is the reduction of Gas Mass.
High Mass Cluster is the reduction of Gas Mass.
Low Mass Cluster is the undergoes of Preheating.
High Mass Cluster is the undergoes of Preheating.
Low Mass Cluster is the affects of Emission-Weighted Gas Temperature.
High Mass Cluster is the affects of Emission-Weighted Gas Temperature.
Radius evaluates Gas Mass.
Radius is the probed of Temperature Regime.
Gas Density Profiles is the affects of Gas Mass.
Observational Data compares Gas Mass.
Emission is the mentions of Literature.
Literature is the prediction of Isothermal Self-Similar Model.
Literature is the prediction of Preheated Models.
Linear Regression Fit is the yields of White Et Al. (1997).
Linear Regression Fit is the consistent with of Preheated Models.
Isothermal Self-Similar Model rules Preheated Models.
Entropy Injection is the affects of Icm.
Loewenstein (2000) is the compares to of Mme99.
Loewenstein (2000) is the compares to of Bialek Et Al..
Bialek Et Al. is the compares to of Mme99.
Bialek Et Al. is the compares to of S6.
Bialek Et Al. is the compares to of S3.
Quasar Absorption Spectra is the mentions of Bialek Et Al..