M Dwarfs is the parameter dependency of Mass.
M Dwarfs is the parameter dependency of Metallicity.
M Dwarfs is the parameter dependency of Age.
M Dwarfs is the parameter dependency of Stellar Luminosities.
M Dwarfs is the parameter dependency of Radii.
Stellar Luminosities is the factor affecting of Selection Effect.
Binaries is the parameter determination of Mass.
Binaries is the parameter determination of Radii.
Binaries is the parameter determination of Luminosities.
Binaries is the parameter determination of Temperatures.
Mass is the relation determination of Mass-Luminosity Relation.
Models is the concept relation of Cool Dense Atmospheres.
Models is the issue with models of Radii Underestimation.
Models is the issue with models of Temperatures Overestimation.
Northern Sky Variability Survey (Nsvs) is the data collection of Photometric Data.
Photometric Data is the data analysis of Variable Stars.
Variable Stars is the parameter determination of Periods.
Variable Stars is the parameter determination of Types Of Variability.
Variable Stars is the discovery of Eclipsing Stars.
Variable Stars is the parameter determination of Ephemeris.
Ephemeris is the data creation of Light Curve.
Swasp J022050.85 + 332047.6 is the identification of Rosat X-Ray Source 1Rxs J022050.7 + 332049.
Orbital Period is the characteristic of Short-Period Systems.
Orbital Period is the parameter determination of Orbital Angular Momentum.
X-Ray Emission is the relation of Magnetic Fields.
Magnetic Fields is the relation of Stellar Dynamo.
X-Ray Emission is the parameter determination of X-Ray Luminosity.
X-Ray Luminosity is the parameter determination of Activity Measure.
Activity Measure is the relation of Optical Indicators.
Activity Measure is the relation of X-Ray Flares.
Activity Measure is the parameter determination of X-Ray Flux.
X-Ray Flux is the relation of X-Ray Luminosity.
X-Ray Flux is the relation of Transit Depths.
Bulgarian Scientific Foundation is the funding of Authors.
Simbad is the data source of Publications.
Vizier is the data source of Publications.
Nasa'S Astrophysics Data System is the data source of Publications.
Referee is the reviewer of Authors.