Astrophysical Objects characterizes Spherical Symmetry.
Astrophysical Objects characterizes Rotation.
Ordinary Planets is the neglect deviations from of Spherical Symmetry.
Satellites is the neglect deviations from of Spherical Symmetry.
Gravitational Field describes Schwarzschild Solution.
General Relativity is the utilizes of Schwarzschild Solution.
Schwarzschild Solution utilizes General Relativity.
Strong Gravitational Fields is the deviation from of Spherical Symmetry.
Strong Gravitational Fields is the importance in of Rotation.
Hartle collaborates Thorne.
Hartle publishs 1968.
Fock proposes Abdildin.
Sedrakyan proposes Chubaryan.
Metric is the describes motion in of Equatorial Plane.
Kerr Metric derives Hartle.
Kerr Metric is the important for of Rotation.
Accretion Disks relates Black Holes.
Accretion Disks relates Energy Extraction.
Accretion Disks is the influences radius of Rotation.
White Dwarfs is the involves of Quadrupole Parameter.
Neutron Stars is the involves of Quadrupole Parameter.
Quark Stars is the involves of Quadrupole Parameter.
Strong Field is the combination plays pivotal role of Quadrupolar Deformation.
Test Particles is the motion influenced by of Quadrupole Parameter.
Quadrupole Parameter emphasizes Importance.
Hartle defines Thorne.
Geodesics studys Hartle.
Geodesics analyzes Timelike Geodesic Equations.
Geodesics analyzes Lightlike Geodesics.
Timelike Geodesic Equations performs Analytical Analysis.
Timelike Geodesic Equations performs Numerical Analysis.
Timelike Geodesic Equations relates Angular Momentum.
Lightlike Geodesics relates Specific Energy.
Marginally Bound Orbits is the determines radius of of Specific Energy.
Stable Region is the determines radius of of Specific Energy.
Accretion Disks is the essential for formation of of Stable Region.
Specific Angular Momentum is the determines stable orbits of of Specific Energy.
Photon Orbit is the determines upper frequency of of Specific Energy.
Four-Momentum associates Photon Orbit.
Circular Orbits is the determines mass shedding limit of of Specific Energy.
Perturbation Theory uses Geodesics.
Theoretical Results is the applies to of Astrophysical Context.
Paper is the presents of Physics.
Paper is the applies to of Accretion Disks.
Paper is the applies to of Test Particles.
Paper is the applies to of Epicyclic Frequencies.
Epicyclic Frequencies And Quasiperiodic Oscillation Data is the tests of Strong Field Regime Of General Relativity.
Epicyclic Frequencies And Quasiperiodic Oscillation Data is the determines of Parameters Of The Gravitational Source.
Epicyclic Frequencies And Quasiperiodic Oscillation Data is the tests of Equations Of State Of Compact Objects.
Future Work is the applies to of Analytic Expressions.
Future Work is the applies to of Observational Astrophysics.
Investigation is the crucial to of Stability Of The Geodesics.
Investigation is the crucial to of Structure Of The Accretion Disks.
Investigation is the crucial to of Physical Properties Of The Hartle-Thorne Spacetime.
Future Work is the performs of Investigation.
Future Work is the applies to of Procedure.
Work supports Ministry Of Education And Science Of The Republic Of Kazakhstan Grants No. 3101/Gf4 Ipc-11/2015.
Work supports Ministry Of Education And Science Of The Republic Of Kazakhstan Grants No. 1597/Gf3 Ipc-30.