Electron scatters Nuclei.
Electron is the relies on of Quantum Electrodynamics.
Response Functions is the contains information of Charge Distribution.
Response Functions is the contains information of Current Distribution.
Quenching reports Nuclear Physics.
Nucleon Momentum Distribution is the stimulates of Experimental Work.
Electron Facilities includes Thomas Jefferson National Accelerator Facility.
Electron Facilities includes Mainz.
Mainz locates Mainz Microton (Mami) Facility.
Mainz Microton (Mami) Facility is the conducts of A1-Collaboration.
A1-Collaboration is the conducts of Relativistic Plane-Wave-Impulse-Approximation (Rpwia).
Relativistic Plane-Wave-Impulse-Approximation (Rpwia) is the applies to of Quasifree Processes.
Relativistic Plane-Wave-Impulse-Approximation (Rpwia) is the applies to of Walecka Model.
Feynman Propagator is the uses of Feyncalc 1.0.
Feyncalc 1.0 is the uses of Mathematica 2.0.
Electromagnetic Current derives Gordon Decomposition.
Electromagnetic Current derives Vector-Meson-Dominance.
Nuclear Responses is the focuses on of Electromagnetic Current.
Gauge Invariance relates Physics.
Absorption is the involves of Outgoing Channel.
Calculations is the incorporates of Phenomenological Optical Potential.
Calculations is the violates of Current Conservation.
Proton adjusts Effective Nucleon Mass.
Proton is the restores of Gauge Invariance.
Spectral Function bases Experimental Extraction.
Spectral Function is the proportional to of Nucleon Spectral Function.
Hadronic Tensor is the proportional to of Nucleon Spectral Function.
Hadronic Tensor is the extracts of Momentum Distribution.
Xcite supplements Urbana Ix.
Xcite is the shows of Nikhef.
Xcite collaborates Van Den Brand.
Xcite collaborates Florizone.
Xcite is the shows of Mainz.
Xcite compares Kozlov.
Gardner introduces Piekarewicz.
Gardner develops Piekarewicz.
Sarty provides Gilad.
Sarty provides Kozlov.
Sarty provides Van Den Brand.
Sarty provides Schiavilla.
Sarty provides Wiringa.
Zghiche acknowledges Gilad.
Zghiche acknowledges Kozlov.
Zghiche acknowledges Sarty.
Zghiche acknowledges Van Den Brand.
Horowitz acknowledges Neuhausen.
Amir-Azimi-Nili acknowledges Udias.
Picklesimer acknowledges Van Orden.
Udias acknowledges Caballero.
Johansson acknowledges Sherif.
Meucci acknowledges Giusti.
Weise acknowledges Van Der Steenhoven.
Lapikas acknowledges Piekarewicz.