Topological Phase characterizes Condensed Matter Systems.
Topological Phase characterizes Quantum Many-Body State.
Topological Phase characterizes Momentum Topology.
Topological Phase characterizes Real Space Topology.
Topological Phase characterizes Hilbert Spaces.
Topological Superconductor is the supports of Majorana Fermion.
Majorana Fermion bes Fault-Tolerant Topological Quantum Computation.
Proposals For Hosting Majorana Fermions is the include of Chiral-Wave Superconductor.
Proposals For Hosting Majorana Fermions is the include of Cu-Doped Topological Insulator.
Proposals For Hosting Majorana Fermions is the include of Superconducting Proximity Devices.
Proposals For Hosting Majorana Fermions is the include of Noncentrosymmetric Superconductor (Ncs).
Signatures Of Majorana Fermions reports Superconducting Insb Nanowire.
Signatures Of Majorana Fermions reports Topological Insulator Josephson Junction.
Majorana Platform For Tqc requires Experimental Confirmations.
Majorana Platform For Tqc requires Theoretical Proposals.
Dresselhaus (110) Spin-Orbit Coupled Ncs plays Asymmetric Spin-Orbit Interaction.
Rashba Spin-Orbit Coupled Ncs compares Dresselhaus (110) Spin-Orbit Coupled Ncs.
Dresselhaus (110) Spin-Orbit Coupled Ncs haves Semimetal Phase.
Semimetal Phase is the closes in the whole region of Energy Gap.
Semimetal Phase is the emergence of of Flat Andreev Bound States (Abss).
Chern Number is the not a well-defined topological invariant in the gapless region of Semimetal Phase.
Semimetal Phase distinguishs Topologically Different Semimetal Phases.
Topological Invariants obtains Flat Andreev Bound States (Abss).
Topological Invariants uses Edge States.
Gapless Edge State discusss Phase Diagrams.
Phase Diagrams discusss Topological Invariants.
Phase Diagrams shows Numerical Solutions.
Phase Diagrams demonstrates Analytical Solutions.
Phase Diagrams shows Vortex Core.
Modeling The Hamiltonian is the in of Square Lattice.
Modeling The Hamiltonian is the for of Two-Dimensional Ncs.
Modeling The Hamiltonian is the with of In-Plane Magnetic Field.
Creation Operator is the at of Electron.
Annihilation Operator is the at of Electron.
Hopping Term is the with of Site.
Hopping Term is the with of Hopping Amplitude.
Hopping Term is the with of Chemical Potential.
Zeeman Field induces In-Plane Magnetic Field.
Dresselhaus (110) So Coupling is the with of Superconducting Term.
Topological Order characterizes Gapless Edge State.
Topological Order characterizes Majorana Fermion.
Chemical Compound Insb haves Dresselhaus (110) So Coupling.
Chemical Compound Insb promises Majorana Fermion.
Chemical Compound Insb is the can fabricate of Quantum Well.
Quantum Well is the in contact with of Aluminum Superconducting Material.
Quantum Well is the couple to of In-Plane Magnetic Field.
Tunneling Conductance Measurements haves Zero-Bias Conductance Peak.
Zero-Bias Conductance Peak is the due to of Flat Andreev Bound States (Abss).