Qcd is the relates to of Symmetry.
Symmetry is the relates to of Hadrons.
Hadrons is the relates to of Heavy Quarks.
Heavy Quarks is the relates to of Anti-Quarks.
Symmetry is the relates to of Doubly Heavy Diquark Antiquark (Dhda) Symmetry.
Charm Quarks is the relates to of Doubly Bottomed Hadrons.
Charm Quarks is the relates to of Doubly Charmed Baryons.
Selex Collaboration is the reports of Doubly Charmed Baryons.
States is the consist of of Iso-Doublets.
States identifys Weak Decay Products.
Babar is the reports no evidence of Doubly Charmed Baryons.
Doubly Charmed Baryons is the relates to of Doubly Charmed Tetraquarks.
Doubly Heavy Baryons is the relates to of Heavy Mesons.
Doubly Heavy Baryons is the relates to of Spin Excited States.
Nrqcd develops Bodwin, Braaten, And Lepage.
Nrqcd is the similar to of Qed.
Nrqcd simplifys Pnrqcd.
Nrqcd simplifys Vnrqcd.
Pnrqcd is the integrates out of Heavy Diquarks.
Vnrqcd is the matches at hard scale of Heavy Quarks.
Nrqcd is the interactions between of Heavy Quarks.
Nrqcd is the perturbative expansions of Heavy Quarks.
Nrqcd is the non perturbative interactions of Heavy Quarks.
Effective Field Theories bases Nrqcd.
Nrqcd is the relates to of Heavy Tetraquarks.
Exotic States is the relates to of Doubly Heavy Tetraquarks.
Doubly Heavy Tetraquarks is the relates to of Exotic Hadrons.
Pentaquark is the relates to of Exotic Hadrons.
Diquark is the interacts with of Color Coulombic Interactions.
Excited State is the interacts with of Color Coulombic Interactions.
Excitation Energy is the interacts with of Color Coulombic Interactions.
Excitation Energy calculates Charm Quark.
Excitation Energy calculates Velocity.
Excitation Energy invalidates Diquark.
Corrections To Dhda Symmetry calculates Charm Quark.
Rms Radius is the characterizes of Diquark.
Rms Radius is the indicates of Excited State.
Bottom Quark observes Doubly Heavy Baryon.
Bottom Quark is the not observed as of Doubly Heavy Baryon.
Nrqcd is the not included in of Diquark.
Nrqcd is the not included in of Linear Confining Potential.
Hqet is the not included in of Linear Confining Potential.
Linear Confining Potential haves String Tension.
Linear Confining Potential is the reduces size of of Diquark.
Linear Confining Potential is the satisfies conditions of Diquark.
Linear Confining Potential calculates Radial Excitation Energy.
Radial Excitation Energy is the indicates of Spin Excitations.
Parity is the affects of Spin Excitations.