Classical Novae observes Galaxy.
Classical Novae mentions Liller & Mayer 1987.
Classical Novae mentions Shafter 1997.
Classical Novae studys External Galaxies.
Amateur Astronomers uses Spectroscopic And Photometric Equipment.
Sky Coverage affects Classification Attempts.
Global Rate is the involves of Distribution.
Limiting Apparent Magnitude is the obtainable with of Amateur Apparatus.
Expanding-Photosphere Method yields Absolute Magnitude.
Absolute Magnitude relates Speed Class.
Speed Class is the affects of Distance.
Distance detects Galactic Bulge.
Distance detects Galactic Disk.
Galactic Disk associates Galactic Bulge.
Galactic Disk is the poorly sampled of Galactic Bulge.
Galactic Disk associates Galactic Bulge.
Galactic Disk is the new population present of Galactic Bulge.
Galactic Disk associates Galactic Bulge.
Galactic Disk is the deficiency of discoveries of Galactic Bulge.
Galactic Disk is the relevant to work of Galactic Bulge.
Galactic Disk detects Galactic Bulge.
Galactic Disk is the evidence detected by of Galactic Bulge.
Galactic Disk postulates Galactic Bulge.
External Galaxies Monitoring monitors Magellanic Clouds.
External Galaxies Monitoring monitors M31.
External Galaxies Monitoring monitors M33.
External Galaxies Monitoring extrapolates Galaxy.
External Galaxies Monitoring is the produces lower rates of Galaxy.
External Galaxies Monitoring corrects Galaxy.
External Galaxies Monitoring is the explanation provided by of Galaxy.
External Galaxies Monitoring postulates Galaxy.
External Galaxies Monitoring is the relevant to search method of Galaxy.
External Galaxies Monitoring predicts Galaxy.
External Galaxies Monitoring predicts Galaxy.
External Galaxies Monitoring combines Galaxy.
External Galaxies Monitoring is the yields discordant results of Galaxy.
External Galaxies Monitoring adopts Galaxy.
External Galaxies Monitoring is the search method of Galaxy.
External Galaxies Monitoring is the detection method of Galaxy.
External Galaxies Monitoring determines Galaxy.
External Galaxies Monitoring establishs Galaxy.
External Galaxies Monitoring is the key to method of Galaxy.
External Galaxies Monitoring is the arises in nova material of Galaxy.
External Galaxies Monitoring shifts Galaxy.
External Galaxies Monitoring describes Galaxy.
External Galaxies Monitoring is the well suited to search of Galaxy.
External Galaxies Monitoring is the accumulated count rates of Galaxy.
External Galaxies Monitoring is the fit to model of Galaxy.
External Galaxies Monitoring divides Galaxy.
External Galaxies Monitoring determines Galaxy.
External Galaxies Monitoring remains Galaxy.
External Galaxies Monitoring fells Galaxy.
Tgrs uses Hernanz Et Al..
Tgrs is the comparison of Gomez-Gomar Et Al..
Warner is the comparison of Truran & Livio.
Bahcall & Soneira is the observation of Jean Et Al..
Winkler Et Al. is the estimation of Bahcall & Soneira.
Peter Kurczynski is the assistance of Tgrs.
Theresa Sheets is the assistance of Tgrs.
Sandhia Bansal is the assistance of Tgrs.