2D Electron Systems is the research field of Physics.
2D Electron Systems is the physical effect of Fractional Quantum Hall Effects.
2D Electron Systems is the physical effect of Integer Quantum Hall Effects.
2D Electron Systems is the physical effect of Cuprate Superconductivity.
2D Electron Systems is the occur near of Semiconductor Heterojunctions.
Semiconductor Heterojunctions describes Fermi Liquid Theory.
2D Electron Systems is the foreshadows of Complex Transition-Metal Oxides.
Complex Transition-Metal Oxides is the create of 2D Strongly-Correlated Electron Systems.
2D Electron Systems is the occur near of Mott Insulators.
2D Electron Systems is the occur near of Band Insulators.
2D Electron Systems is the reflect balance of Electronic Correlations.
2D Electron Systems suggests Spin-Liquid Insulator.
2D Electron Systems is the role in of Oxygen Vacancies.
2D Electron Systems is the compare to of Polarity Discontinuities.
Semiconductor Heterojunctions screens Electric Fields.
Complex Transition-Metal Oxides is the change valence of Transition Metal Ions.
2D Electron Systems composes Thin Film.
Thin Film is the contain of Perovskite Structures.
Thin Film assumes Charge Density.
Thin Film is the describe by of Valence Electrons.
Thin Film is the describe realistically of Coulomb Interactions.
Thin Film is the use for of Hartree Approximation.
Hartree Approximation is the neglect of Exchange Term.
Hartree Approximation is the determine of Mean-Field Hamiltonian.
Thin Film is the use to describe of Hubbard Model.
Thin Film is the associate with of Orbital Degeneracy.
Thin Film is the not account for of Hybridization.
Thin Film is the examine of Model Heterostructure.
Thin Film is the determine of Band Lineups.
Thin Film is the average over of Electron Density.
Thin Film is the use for of Hartree Mean-Field Hamiltonian.
Hartree Mean-Field Hamiltonian is the represent by of Antiferromagnetic Order.
Hartree Mean-Field Hamiltonian is the represent by of Ferromagnetic Order.
Hartree Mean-Field Hamiltonian is the calculate for of Electron Charge Distributions.
Hartree Mean-Field Hamiltonian is the illustrate of Band Bending Diagrams.
Band Bending Diagrams is the force outside of Chemical Potential.
Band Bending Diagrams is the indicate of Spectral Weight.
Band Bending Diagrams is the satisfy of Poisson Equation.
Electronic Structure investigates Polar - Non - Polar Mott Insulator Heterojunctions.
Polar - Non - Polar Mott Insulator Heterojunctions investigates Hartree - Fock Theory.
Polar - Non - Polar Mott Insulator Heterojunctions investigates Thomas - Fermi Theory.
Polar - Non - Polar Mott Insulator Heterojunctions investigates Dynamical Mean-Field Theory.
Thomas - Fermi Theory is the able to derive of Analytical Expression.
Analytical Expression is the dependence on of Model Parameters.
Model Parameters is the useful in selecting of Materials.
Polar is the for of Hubbard Interaction Parameters.
Non-Polar is the for of Hubbard Interaction Parameters.
Hubbard Interaction Parameters is the stronger will reduce of Coulomb Interaction Parameter.
Hubbard Interaction Parameters is the larger will increase of Coulomb Interaction Parameter.
On-Site Correlations is the enhance of Quantum Confinement.
Quantum Confinement is the accompany of Interface States.
Interface States results 2D Systems.
2D Systems confines Atomic Plane.
Mott Insulator Barrier Materials haves Antiferromagnetic Order.
Mott Insulator Barrier Materials is the demonstrate of Hartree-Fock Calculations.
Hartree-Fock Calculations is the emergence to of 2D Electron Systems.
2D Electron Systems is the depend on of Fermi Surface Areas.
2D Electron Systems is the differ from of Quasiparticles.
2D Electron Systems is the strongly interact with of 3D Spin Excitations.
Antiferromagnetic Mott Insulators suggests Non-Fermi Liquid States.
Material Combinations is the lead to of Materials.
Material Combinations is the role of of Alignment Of D-Orbital Energies.
Perovskites is the features of of Orbital Degeneracy.
Perovskites is the features of of Lattice Distortions.
Long-Ranged Coulomb Interaction neglects Exchange Term.
Exchange Term is the enhance of Correlation Gap.
Correlation Gap is the somewhat different if of Charge Distribution.
Charge Distribution is the alter of Charge Transfer.
Charge Transfer discusss Chemical Bonding.
Oxide Interfaces is the description of of Ab Initio Theory.
Oxide Interfaces is the description of of Tight-Binding Models.
Oxide Interfaces is the description of of Experiment.
Ab Initio Theory is the likely to play a role in of Phenomenological Models.
Tight-Binding Models is the likely to play a role in of Phenomenological Models.
Experiment is the likely to play a role in of Phenomenological Models.
Phenomenological Models intenteds Establish The Correct Form Of Useful Phenomenologies.
Authors supports National Science Foundation.
Authors supports Welch Foundation.
Authors is the acknowledge helpful interactions with of Harold Hwang.
Authors is the acknowledge helpful interactions with of George Sawatzky.
Authors is the acknowledge helpful interactions with of Charles Ahn.