Cdm Type Cosmologies is the prediction of Mergers.
Predictions is the prediction of Merger Rates.
Merger Rates is the prediction of Dark Matter Halos.
Dark Matter Halos is the prediction of Galaxies.
Dark Matter Halos is the requirement of Theory Of Galaxy Formation.
Theory Of Galaxy Formation is the requirement of Model Of Galaxies In Dark Matter Halos.
Galaxies is the observation of Close Galaxy Pairs.
Galaxies is the observation of Disturbed Galaxies.
Galaxies is the observation of Morphological Differences Between Galaxies.
Theory Of Galaxy Formation is the challenge of Difficulties In Connecting Theory To Observations.
Halo Merger Rate As An Indicator Of Galaxy Merger Rates is the implication of Differences In Galaxy Stellar Mass And Halo Mass Functions.
Differences In Galaxy Stellar Mass And Halo Mass Functions is the implication of Efficiency Of Galaxy Formation In Low And High Mass Halos.
Theoretical Studies Of Merger Rates is the method of N-Body Simulations.
N-Body Simulations is the result of Comparison Of Different Analysis Results.
Comparison Of Different Analysis Results is the observation of Qualitative Agreement In Differing Treatments.
Results From Studies For Halos Associated With Galaxies is the observation of Major Mergers In Halos.
Results From Studies For Halos Associated With Galaxies is the observation of Minor Mergers In Halos.
Results From Studies For Halos Associated With Galaxies is the observation of Weak Dependence Of Merger Rate On Halo Mass.
Fraction Of Halos With Accreted Objects Over Time is the observation of Major Merger Events In Halos.
Fraction Of Halos With Accreted Objects Over Time is the observation of Merger With Objects Of One Tenth The Halo'S Final Mass.
Dark Matter Halo Merger Rates To Galaxy Merger Rates is the requirement of Theory Of Galaxy Formation.
Theory Of Galaxy Formation is the method of Hydrodynamical Simulations.
Hydrodynamical Simulations is the challenge of Observed Galaxy Stellar Mass Function.
Kinematics Of Galaxies Compared To Dark Matter Halos is the observation of Dynamical Friction Time Scales.
Mass Ratio Of Galaxy Mergers Compared To Halos is the implication of Hubble Type As A Function Of Galaxy Mass.
Galaxies Inhabiting Dark Matter Halos is the observation of Galaxy Formation Efficiency With Halo Mass.
Fraction Of Halo Mass In The Central Galaxy is the observation of Sdss Galaxy Group Catalogue.
Galaxy Morphology Dependence On Mass is the implication of Measurements Of Galaxy Merger Statistics As Tests For Galaxy Formation Models.
Major Mergers Between Halos is the implication of Commonality Of Major Mergers Between Galaxies Of Certain Masses.