Cosmic Crystallography develops Lehoucq.
Cosmic Crystallography develops Lachize-Rey.
Cosmic Crystallography develops Luminet.
Cosmic Crystallography is the consists of of Clusters Of Galaxies.
Cosmic Crystallography is the consists of of Euclidean Spaces.
Euclidean Spaces is the involves of Clusters Of Galaxies.
Friedmann-Lematre-Robertson-Walker (Flrw) Cosmological Models haves Constant Curvature.
Friedmann-Lematre-Robertson-Walker (Flrw) Cosmological Models haves Simply Connected Spatial Sections.
Compact, Orientable, Multiply Connected Spatial Sections represents Quotient Manifolds.
Compact, Orientable, Multiply Connected Spatial Sections represents Discrete Group Of Isometries.
Compact, Orientable, Multiply Connected Spatial Sections describes Fundamental Polyhedron (Fp).
Compact, Orientable, Multiply Connected Spatial Sections connects Clifford Translations.
Compact, Orientable, Multiply Connected Spatial Sections is the carry information about of Type Ii Pairs.
Type Ii Pairs is the due to of Clifford Translations.
Type Ii Pairs gives Sharp Peaks.
Type Ii Pairs is the put in evidence of Distance Distributions.
Hyperbolic Space dos Type Ii Pairs.
Topological Signatures obtains Collect Correlated Pairs Method.
Collect Correlated Pairs Method is the plot them based on of Density Parameters.
Collect Correlated Pairs Method is the plot them based on of Matter.
Collect Correlated Pairs Method is the plot them based on of Dark Energy.
Second Order Crystallographic Method is the look for signals in of Statistical Parameters.
Statistical Parameters is the of their of Distance Distributions.
Expansion Factor writes Curvature Radius.
Expansion Factor bes Standard Metric Of Hyperbolic Space.
Cosmological Density Parameter assumes Expansion Factor.
Cosmological Density Parameter assumes Hubble'S Constant.
Cosmological Density Parameter assumes Curvature Radius.
Cosmological Density Parameter assumes Standard Metric Of Hyperbolic Space.
Simulated Catalogues generates Pseudorandom Source Distributions.
Manifolds obtains Snappea Program.
Manifolds is the corresponds to of Redshift.
Manifolds lists Volume.
Manifolds lists Circumscribing And Inscribing Radii.
Manifolds lists Number Of Cells.
Manifolds calculates Distance Distributions.
Manifolds plots Volume.
Manifolds plots Density Parameters.
Functional Dependence On Volume is the premature to think of of Observable Universe.
Observable Universe is the encloses of Volume.
Observable Universe is the indistinguishable from of Distribution Of Sources.
Observable Universe sees Fagundes.
Observable Universe is the note of Tendency.
Observable Universe haves Compact Universes.
Observable Universe is the lie above of Compact Universes.
Observable Universe gives Signal Of Nontrivial Topology.
Observable Universe is the set of of Statistical Parameters.
Observable Universe is the provide of Multiply Connectedness.
Post-Doctoral Scholarship is the grateful to of Lehoucq.
Partial Financial Support is the thanks to of Luminet.