Sunspot Penumbral Filaments is the evidence for of Convection.
Twisting Motion is the signature of of Overturning Convection.
Overturning Convection is the source of of Heat Transport.
Overturning Convection is the feature in of Mhd Simulations.
Mhd Simulations is the indicate of Convective Structures.
Convective Structures restricts Subsurface Layers.
Convective Structures restricts Surface Layers.
Spectral Lines is the sample at of Mid-Photospheric Heights.
Downflows measures Penumbra.
Direct Evidence misss Downflows.
Deep Layers is the probe in of Photosphere.
Spectropolarimetric Observations is the analyze of Spectral Lines.
Liquid Crystal Variable Retarders is the modulate of Light Beam.
Liquid Crystal Variable Retarders uses Sarnoff Ccd Cameras.
Sarnoff Ccd Cameras is the record of Stokes Vectors.
Spectral Position is the at each of Stokes Vectors.
Doppler Velocities affects Cavity Errors.
Cavity Errors causes Flat Fields.
Flat Fields uses Cavity Errors.
Wavelength Shifts is the correct for of Flat Fields.
Calibration Data applys Flat Fields.
Straylight affects Ground-Based Observations.
Straylight reduces Velocity.
Point Spread Function approximates Straylight.
Wiener Filter uses Point Spread Function.
Modulation Transfer Function defines Wiener Filter.
Spatial Wavenumber uses Modulation Transfer Function.
Rms Image Contrast is the increase with of Spatial Wavenumber.
Multi-Object Multi-Frame Blind Deconvolution uses Images.
Hot Gas is the upflows of Filaments.
Filaments is the interpretation of Rimmele & Marino.
Filaments is the formation of Evershed Flow.
Gas is the movement of Filaments.
Filaments is the prediction of Models Of Penumbral Convection.
Models Of Penumbral Convection is the support of Remple Et Al.
Ichimoto Et Al is the indirect evidence of Zakharov Et Al.
Zakharov Et Al is the indirect evidence of Bharti Et Al.
Bharti Et Al is the indirect evidence of Spruit Et Al.
Filaments is the velocity of Hirzberger & Kneer.
Filaments is the velocity of Hirzberger Et Al.
Filaments is the prediction of Schlichenmaier Et Al.
Schlichenmaier Et Al is the model of Filaments.
Filaments is the simulation of Remple.
Filaments is the straylight removal of Mathew Et Al.
Filaments is the straylight removal of Martnez Pillet Et Al.
Filaments is the angle of Sunspot.
Filaments is the geometry of Zakharov Et Al.