Thermal Plasma mentions Mahadevan & Narayan 1996.
Bremsstrahlung Peak is the occurs at of Thermal Frequency.
Core Data compares Advection Dominated Disk Model.
Accretion Rate is the comparable to of Bondi Rate.
Accretion Rate represents Physically Plausible Accretion Rate.
Vlbi Core Flux is the originates from of Advection Dominated Disk.
Vlbi Core Flux is the reproduces of Self-Absorbed Cyclo-Synchrotron Spectrum.
Radio Observations is the show rising or flat spectra of Early-Type Galaxy Cores.
Early-Type Galaxy Cores accounts Add.
100Ghz Vlbi Data requires Hst Data.
100Ghz Vlbi Data requires Rosat Hri X-Ray Data.
Synchrotron Jet requires Magnetic Field.
Viscosity Parameter assumes Mhd Disk Simulations.
Black Hole haves Angular Momentum.
Black Hole haves Mass Of The Black Hole.
Black Hole haves Magnetic Field In The Vicinity Of The Hole.
Black Hole is the extracts energy of Energy Extracted From A Kerr Black Hole.
Energy Extracted From A Kerr Black Hole is the depends on of Angular Momentum Of The Black Hole.
Energy Extracted From A Kerr Black Hole is the depends on of Mass Of The Black Hole.
Energy Extracted From A Kerr Black Hole is the depends on of Magnetic Field In The Vicinity Of The Hole.
Energy Extracted From A Kerr Black Hole is the consistent with of Kinetic Luminosity Of M87 Jet.
Radio-Loud Agn is the relevant to of Add.
Fr-I Radio Source is the possesses of Add.
Fr-Ii Sources is the possesses of Standard Cold Accretion Disks.
Ion-Supported Tori is the power relativistic jets of Relativistic Jets In Radio Galaxies.
Blandford-Znajek Mechanism is the applies to of Energy Extracted From A Kerr Black Hole.
Blandford-Znajek Mechanism is the applies to of Angular Momentum Of The Black Hole.
Blandford-Znajek Mechanism is the applies to of Mass Of The Black Hole.
Blandford-Znajek Mechanism is the applies to of Magnetic Field In The Vicinity Of The Hole.
Mass Accretion Rate is the depends on of Thermal State Of The Inflowing Material.
Hot Ism is the favors add mode of Mass Accretion Rate.
History Dependent Mode Of Accretion is the remains intact if of Thin Disk.
History Dependent Mode Of Accretion is the transition from thin disk to add of Add.
Quasars is the important for of Adds.
Galactic Systems is the compatible with of Adds.
Compton Cooling is the cools material of Thin Disk.
Transition From A Thin Disk To An Add is the transition to of Thin Disk.
Transition From A Thin Disk To An Add is the transition to of Add.
Black Hole Mass is the affects demise of quasars of Quasars.
Black Hole Mass doubles Black Holes.
Black Hole Mass is the parameters of of M87.
Black Hole Mass considers Weakly Active Object.
Black Hole Mass is the estimates of Agn.
Mass Accretion Rate is the depends on of Radio-Loud Objects.
Mass Accretion Rate is the mode of accretion of Add.
Mass Accretion Rate is the explains lower power than fr-ii of Fr-I Sources.
Mass Accretion Rate explains Fr-Ii Sources.
Mass Accretion Rate is the depends on of Thermal State Of The Inflowing Material.
Mass Accretion Rate is the favors add mode of Hot Ism.
Mass Accretion Rate is the transition to of Thin Disk.
Mass Accretion Rate is the transition to of Add.
Mass Accretion Rate is the favors add mode of Galactic Systems.
Mass Accretion Rate is the depends on of History Dependent Mode Of Accretion.
Mass Accretion Rate is the affects demise of quasars of Quasars.
Mass Accretion Rate doubles Black Holes.
Mass Accretion Rate is the estimates of Agn.
Mass Accretion Rate is the depends on of Radio-Loud Objects.
Mass Accretion Rate is the undergo bursts of Radio-Loud Objects.
Mass Accretion Rate is the transition to of Add.
Csr And Tdm is the acknowledge of Pparc And Trinity College, Cambridge.
Acf is the acknowledge of Royal Society.
Uh is the acknowledge of Nrc.
Crc is the acknowledge of Nasa Ltsa Grant Nagw 2681.
Crc is the acknowledge of Smithsonian Grant Sv2-62002.
Crc is the acknowledge of Contract Nas8-38249.