Gauge / Gravity Duality is the tool used for of Quark-Gluon Plasma.
Quark-Gluon Plasma creates Rhic Collider.
Gauge / Gravity Duality is the involves of Ads/Cft Correspondence.
Ads/Cft Correspondence is the duality with of (3+1)-Dimensional Super-Yang-Mills Gauge Theory.
Ads/Cft Correspondence is the duality with of Type Iib String Theory.
Ads/Cft Correspondence is the information encoded in of Spacetime.
Gravity Duals relates Nonconformal Gauge Theories.
Jet Quenching studys Heavy Quarks.
Quarks represents D7-Brane.
Quarks is the dual to of Strings.
Quarks relates Energy Loss.
Light Quarks fills D7-Brane.
D7-Brane locates Worldsheet.
Worldsheet describes Polyakov Action.
Polyakov Action is the equivalent to of Nambu-Goto Action.
Polyakov Action is the equations of motion for of Momentum Densities.
Momentum Densities describes Conservation Law.
Conservation Law is the defines of Charge.
Charge is the passes through of Hypersurface.
Worldsheet Currents relates Energy Loss Formula.
Constant-Xmath46 Curves is the valid for of Coordinate Transformation.
Worldsheet is the on of Coordinate Transformation.
Static Gauge is the on of Coordinate Transformation.
String Parametrization is the change using of Coordinate Transformation.
Energy Loss is the analyze in of Coordinate Transformation.
String Endpoint is the part of of Jet.
Falling Strings is the in of Spacetime.
Sym is the dual to of Falling Strings.
Bh Geometry is the in of Coordinate Transformation.
Conformal Boundary locates Bh Geometry.
Radial Position is the of of Horizon.
Worldsheet Metric is the choose in of Coordinate Transformation.
Stretching Function is the determine using of Worldsheet Metric.
Embedding Functions is the change according to of Coordinate Transformation.
Pointlike Initial Conditions is the choose for of Falling Strings.
Initial Velocity Profile is the determine using of Pointlike Initial Conditions.
Amplitude is the determines of Initial Velocity Profile.
Initial Conditions sets Pointlike Initial Conditions.
Boundary Conditions is the satisfy of Pointlike Initial Conditions.
Energy Density Profile haves Boundary Conditions.
Jet defines Energy Density Profile.
Quark-Antiquark Pair is the resemble of Pointlike Initial Conditions.
Baryon Density localizes Jet.
Momentum Fluxes is the transformation on of Classical String.
Classical String is the on of Worldsheet.
Time-Dependent String Configurations is the valid in of Worldsheet Parametrization.
Worldsheet Parametrization is the choose in of Coordinate Transformation.
Bragg-Like Peak is the affect magnitude of of Energy Loss.
Drag Force is the not affected by of Classical String.
Light Quarks is the loss of of Energy Loss.
Pqcd is the in of Light Quarks.
Lpm Regime is the in of Energy Loss.
Medium is the in of Light Quarks.
Nuclear Initial Conditions is the with of Worldsheet Parametrization.
Nuclear Science Grant acknowledges Support.
Bulk Viscosity is the of of Medium.
Black Hole Duals is the to of Finite Temperature Quantum Chromodynamics.
Star Collaboration is the study on of Quark Gluon Plasma.
Quark Gluon Plasma is the from of Rhic Collisions.
Nucl is the with of Nuclear Initial Conditions.
Phenix Collaboration is the by of Nuclear Initial Conditions.
M. Gyulassy is the author of of Nucl.
I. Vitev is the author of of Nucl.
X. N. Wang is the author of of Nucl.
B. W. Zhang is the author of of Nucl.
Quark Gluon Plasma 3 is the mentions of Nucl.
World Scientific publishs Quark Gluon Plasma 3.
C. P. Herzog is the author of of Jhep.
A. Karch is the author of of Jhep.
P. Kovtun is the author of of Jhep.
C. Kozcaz is the author of of Jhep.
L. G. Yaffe is the author of of Jhep.
K. Aamodt is the author of of Phys. B.
Alice Collaboration is the member of of K. Aamodt.
Phys. B publishs Nucl.
P. M. Chesler is the author of of Phys..
K. Jensen is the author of of Phys..
A. Karch is the author of of Phys..
L. G. Yaffe is the author of of Phys..
K. Skenderis is the author of of Int. J. Mod. A.