Conformal Field Theory finds Spectrum.
Conformal Field Theory finds 3-Point Correlation Functions.
Conformal Field Theory obtains Operator Product Expansion.
Spectrum obtains Higher Point Functions.
Operator Product Expansion obtains Higher Point Functions.
Anomalous Dimensions finds Operators.
Operators diagonalises Anomalous Dimensions.
Operators diagonalises Couplings.
3-Point Correlation Functions fixs Space-Time Dependence.
3-Point Correlation Functions fixs Conformal Invariance.
Scalar Primary Operators haves 3-Point Function.
3-Point Function haves Dimension.
3-Point Function haves Operators.
Operators diagonalises Anomalous Dimensions.
Operators requires Normalisation.
Single Trace Operators is the compute of Couplings.
Sym is the explore of Integrability.
Sym finds Spectrum.
Sym is the compute of Couplings.
Perturbation Theory uses Feynman Diagrams.
Perturbation Theory obtains Exact Results.
General Operators is the verify of Exact Results.
Deformation is the introduce of Fixed Point.
Marginal Or Irrelevant Operator is the introduce of Divergences.
Renormalised Operators is the analyse of Divergences.
Divergences is the determine of Couplings.
Renormalization Scheme ensures Correlation Functions.
Correlation Functions is the compute of Fixed Point.
Correlation Functions is the compute of Couplings.
2-Point Functions is the compute of Operators.
Ads/Cft Duality is the use of String Partition Function.
Ads/Cft Duality is the relate of Generating Functional.
Chiral Operators is the dual to of Supergravity Fields.
Path Integral Approach develops String Theory Partition Function.
String Theory Partition Function is the compute of Heavy String State.
String Theory Partition Function is the extend to of 2-Point Functions.
Witten Diagram is the compute of Dilaton Field.
Dilaton Field obtains Couplings.
Renormalisation Group Arguments is the predict of Couplings.
Callan-Symanzik Equation is the verify of Correlation Functions.
Renormalization Matrix is the compute of Eigenvalues.
Renormalization Matrix is the compute of Eigenvectors.
Basis is the define of Bare Operators.
Basis is the diagonalise of Eigenvalues.
Bare Operators is the diagonalise of Eigenvalues.
Coupling requires Conformal Invariance.
Coupling is the agrees with of Expectation.
Angular Momentum fixs Giant Magnon.
Angular Momentum fixs Virasoro Constraints.
Angular Momentum fixs Energy.
String is the rotates on of Worldsheet.
Operator is the contribution to of Magnon.
Operator involves Dilute Limit.
Poincaré Coordinates writes Solution.
Virasoro Constraints is the determines of Saddle Point.
Energy is the changes into of Action.
Boundary Propagator is the varies along of Worldsheet.
Spinning String Solution haves Angular Momenta.
Spinning String Solution uses Embedding Coordinates.
Embedding Coordinates starts Polyakov Action.
Spinning String Solution obtains Conserved Charges.
Boundary Conditions requires Boundary Conditions.
Correlation Functions is the compute in of Cft.
Single Trace Operators is the compute in of Cft.
Anomalous Dimension Matrix is the determines of Matrix Element.
Spin Chain represents Operator.
Deformation deforms Action.
Supersymmetry Algebra acts Basis.
String Theory Partition Function bases Saddle Point Approximation.
Sources is the act as of Equations Of Motion.
Minimal Surface fixs Boundary Points.
Acknowledgements is the grateful to of Authors.
Acknowledgements is the overlaps with of Work.
Xmath21 couples Xmath2.
Xmath2 is the involves of Xmath280.
Xmath2 accords Xmath282.
Xmath282 renormalizes Xmath283.
Xmath283 is the two point function of Xmath284.
Xmath44 is the remains same of Xmath284.
Xmath282 is the guarantees of Xmath44.
Xmath44 remains Xmath284.
Xmath44 is the same normalization of Xmath284.
Xmath282 is the corresponds to of Xmath68.
Xmath68 is the same as of Xmath58.
Xmath58 is the same as of Xmath80.
Xmath80 is the relates to of Xmath1.