Positron Physics reviews Experimental Measurements.
Positron Physics reviews Noble Gas Targets.
Experimental Measurements involves Noble Gas Targets.
Positron Physics reviews Antihydrogen Formation.
Positron Physics discusss Resonances.
Positron Physics discusss Bound States.
Positron Physics concentrates Scattering Processes.
Scattering Processes involves Few-Body System.
Positron Physics uses Positron Emission Tomography (Pet) Scanners.
Positron Emission Tomography (Pet) Scanners uses Cancer Detection.
Positron Emission Tomography (Pet) Scanners uses Brain Function Disorders.
Positron Physics uses Positron Annihilation Lifetime Spectroscopy (Pals).
Positron Annihilation Lifetime Spectroscopy (Pals) analyzes Positronium (Ps).
Positron Annihilation Lifetime Spectroscopy (Pals) uses Design Specific Materials.
Positron Annihilation Lifetime Spectroscopy (Pals) uses Positronium (Ps).
Positron Physics is the developed of Positron Beams.
Positron Beams is the developed of Trap-Based Positron Beams.
Trap-Based Positron Beams uses Atomic Targets.
Positron Physics is the described of Electron-Impact Ionisation.
Electron-Impact Ionisation mentions Exterior Complex Scaling (Ecs).
Electron-Impact Ionisation mentions R-Matrix With Pseudo-States (Rmps).
Electron-Impact Ionisation mentions Time-Dependent Close-Coupling (Tdcc).
Electron-Impact Ionisation mentions Convergent Close Coupling (Ccc).
Positron Physics reviews Electron-Induced Ionisation Theory.
Positron Physics discusss Atomic Collision Systems.
Atomic Collision Systems involves Proton-Atom Scattering.
Proton-Atom Scattering requires Charge-Exchange Processes.
Proton-Atom Scattering haves Ionisation Threshold.
Positron Physics mentions Excitation.
Positron Physics mentions Dissociation.
Positron Physics mentions Positron-Electron Pair Annihilation.
Positron-Electron Pair Annihilation is the produces of Gamma Rays.
Positron Physics mentions Elastic Scattering.
Positron Physics focuss Primary Interest Channels.
Positron Physics uses First Born Approximation (Fba).
First Born Approximation (Fba) describes Positronium Formation.
Positron Physics uses Kohn Variational Method.
Kohn Variational Method extends Positron Physics.
Positron Physics is the utilizes of Many-Body Theory.
Many-Body Theory bases Quantum Field Theory.
Quantum Field Theory uses Feynman-Diagram Technique.
Positron Physics uses Many-Body Perturbation Theory.
Many-Body Perturbation Theory applys Positron Physics.
Many-Body Perturbation Theory develops Positron Physics.
Positron Physics uses Momentum-Space Coupled-Channel Optical (Cco) Potential Method.
Momentum-Space Coupled-Channel Optical (Cco) Potential Method applys Positron Physics.
Momentum-Space Coupled-Channel Optical (Cco) Potential Method gives Positron Physics.
Positron Physics uses Two-Center Two-Channel Eikonal Final State-Continuum Initial Distorted-Wave Model.
Two-Center Two-Channel Eikonal Final State-Continuum Initial Distorted-Wave Model calculates Positronium Formation.
Two-Center Two-Channel Eikonal Final State-Continuum Initial Distorted-Wave Model presents Positronium Formation.
Two-Center Two-Channel Eikonal Final State-Continuum Initial Distorted-Wave Model presents Positronium Formation.
Two-Center Two-Channel Eikonal Final State-Continuum Initial Distorted-Wave Model presents Positronium Formation.
Positron Physics applys Hyperspherical Hidden Crossing (Hhc) Method.
Hyperspherical Hidden Crossing (Hhc) Method calculates Positron Physics.
Hyperspherical Hidden Crossing (Hhc) Method calculates Positron Physics.
Positron Physics uses Close-Coupling (Cc) Formalism.
Close-Coupling (Cc) Formalism applys Positron Physics.
Close-Coupling (Cc) Formalism applys Positron Physics.
Close-Coupling (Cc) Formalism applys Positron Physics.
Close-Coupling (Cc) Formalism demonstrates Positron Physics.
Xcite is the studies of Positron.
Xcite is the studies of Helium.
Xcite is the utilizes of Fba.
Xcite is the utilizes of Dwba.
Xcite is the utilizes of Rpa.
Xcite is the utilizes of Kohn Variational Method.
Xcite is the utilizes of Cco Method.
Xcite is the utilizes of Ctmc.
Xcite is the utilizes of Close-Coupling Method.
Xcite is the utilizes of Hyper-Spherical Cc Approach.
Xcite is the utilizes of Single-Centre Ccc Method.
Xcite is the utilizes of Two-Centre Ccc Approach.
Xcite is the studies of Alkali Atoms.
Xcite is the studies of Lithium.
Xcite is the studies of Sodium.
Calculations is the comparison of Experimental Results.
Experimental Results is the observation of Ps.
Theoretical Calculations is the utilization of Solution Methods.
Discrepancy Resolution is the confirmation of Experimental Results.
Positron Collisions is the study of Li And Na Atoms.
Li And Na Atoms is the comparison of Sodium.
Li And Na Atoms is the comparison of Lithium.
Xcite is the application of Optical-Potential Approach.
Optical-Potential Approach is the effect of Impact Energies.
Xcite is the application of Hyper-Spherical Close-Coupling Method.
Hyper-Spherical Close-Coupling Method is the support of Previous Theoretical Data.
Xcite is the reporting of Two-Center Ccc Calculations.
Two-Center Ccc Calculations is the comparison of Atomic Sodium.
Alkali Atoms models Frozen-Core Hartree-Fock Approximation.
Alkali Atoms is the impact of Ionisation Threshold.
Alkali Atoms is the challenge of Electron Scattering.
Xcite is the analysis of Elastic And Ps-Cross Sections.
Xcite is the study of Magnesium.
Magnesium is the identification of Resonance Phenomena.
Magnesium is the complexity of Multi-Electron Hartree-Fock Core.
Inert Gases is the challenge of Electron Scattering.
Inert Gases is the formation of Ps.
Xcite is the development of Adiabatic Method.
Molecular Hydrogen is the study of Ps.
Molecular Hydrogen is the complexity of Non-Spherical Nature.
Xcite is the utilization of First-Born Approximation.
Density Functional Theory is the calculation of Total Cross Section.
Density Functional Theory is the comparison of Single-Center Ccc Calculations.
Xcite is the analysis of Effective Range Theory.
Many-Body Theory is the capability of Ps.
Xcite is the description of Impulse Approximation.
Xcite is the development of Model-Potential Approach.
Coupled-Channel Formalism is the discussion of Close Coupling Approach.
Momentum-Space Integral Equations is the application of Three-Particle System.
Ls1 is the transformation of Ls2.
Ls2 is the formal solution of Xmath67.
Ls2 is the addition of Xmath68.
Ls2 is the singularity point of Xmath69.
Ls2 outgos Xmath70.
F-Eq2 is the demonstration of Xcite.
F-Eq2 is the dipole polarizability of Xmath223.
F-Eq2 is the adjustable parameters of Xmath224.
F-Eq2 is the fit of Xmath225.
Mg models Xcite.
Mg is the active electrons of Electron.
Mg is the frozen core of Hartree-Fock Core.
Ion is the calculations of Orbitals.
Ne is the calculations of Orbitals.
Ne diagonalizes Laguerre.
Ne is the excitations of Laguerre.
Ne is the shell of Laguerre.
Ne is the states of Laguerre.
Ne is the neutral atom of Laguerre.
Ne is the description of Ci.
Ne is the coefficients of Ci.
Ne is the diagonalization of Ci.
Ne is the symmetry of Ci.
Ne is the orbital angular momentum of Ci.
Ne is the spin of Ci.
Ne is the parity of Ci.
Ne is the target hamiltonian of Ci.
Ne is the target states of Ci.
Ne is the configurations of Ci.
Ne is the basis of Ci.
Ne is the electrons of Ci.
Ne is the description of Ci.
Ne is the interaction of Ci.
Ne is the states of Ci.
Ne is the orbitals of Ci.
Ne is the coefficients of Ci.
Ne is the angular momentum of Ci.
Ne is the diagonalization of Ci.
Ne is the symmetry of Ci.
Ne is the details of Ci.
Ne is the description of Xcite.
Ar is the description of Orbitals.
Kr is the description of Orbitals.
Xe is the description of Orbitals.
Orbitals diagonalizes Laguerre.
Orbitals is the description of Laguerre.
Orbitals is the excitations of Laguerre.
Orbitals is the shell of Laguerre.
Orbitals is the states of Laguerre.
Orbitals is the neutral atom of Laguerre.
Orbitals is the description of Ci.
Orbitals is the coefficients of Ci.
Orbitals is the diagonalization of Ci.
Orbitals is the symmetry of Ci.
Orbitals is the orbital angular momentum of Ci.
Orbitals is the spin of Ci.
Orbitals is the parity of Ci.
Orbitals is the target hamiltonian of Ci.
Orbitals is the target states of Ci.
Orbitals is the configurations of Ci.
Orbitals is the basis of Ci.
Orbitals is the electrons of Ci.
Orbitals is the description of Ci.
Orbitals is the interaction of Ci.
Orbitals is the states of Ci.
Orbitals is the orbitals of Ci.
Orbitals is the coefficients of Ci.
Orbitals is the angular momentum of Ci.
Orbitals is the diagonalization of Ci.
Orbitals is the symmetry of Ci.
Orbitals is the details of Ci.
Orbitals is the description of Xcite.
Ar is the description of Xcite.
Kr is the description of Xcite.
Xe is the description of Xcite.
Ion is the description of Xcite.
Orbitals is the description of Xcite.
Laguerre is the description of Xcite.
Ci is the description of Xcite.
Hamiltonian is the description of Xcite.
Angular Momentum is the description of Xcite.
Spin is the description of Xcite.
Parity is the description of Xcite.
Ccc is the description of Xcite.
Positron is the description of Xcite.
He is the description of Xcite.
Proton is the description of Xcite.
Electron is the description of Xcite.
Target is the description of Xcite.
Ps is the description of Xcite.
H is the description of Xcite.
Internuclear Distance is the description of Xcite.
Wavefunction is the description of Xcite.
Cross Section is the description of Xcite.
Eloss is the description of Xcite.
Partial Wave is the description of Xcite.
Orbital Angular Momentum is the description of Xcite.
Breakup is the description of Xcite.
Transition is the description of Xcite.
Ore Gap is the description of Xcite.
Matrix Elements is the description of Xcite.
Radial Integrals is the description of Xcite.
Close-Coupling Theory is the suggests of Eq. (Eloss).
Eq. (Eloss) is the leads to of Eq. (Disc).
One- And Two-Centre Ccc Calculations describes Text.
Ps-Formation relates Breakup.
Ps Pseudostates relates Ionisation Threshold.
Pseudoresonances eliminates One- And Two-Centre Ccc Calculations.
Positron-Hydrogen S-Wave Scattering investigates Higgins-Burke Pseudoresonance.
Cross Sections measures Positron-Atom Scattering.
Helium involves Positron-Helium Scattering.
Experimental Data obtains Ground State.
Excitation is the leads to of Ionization.
Threshold Law derives Partial Wave.
Threshold is the affects of Partial Wave.
Electron-Loss Cross Section sums Helium Ground State.
Integrated Cross Sections is the available for of Positron-Atom Scattering.
Energy is the varies with of Excitation Cross Sections.
Energy is the varies with of Ionization Cross Sections.
Ccc Method is the utilizes of Mc Treatment.
Ccc Method is the utilizes of Fc Treatment.
Ps-Formation Cross Section is the dependent on of Excess Energy.
Threshold Law derives Partial Wave.
Metastable State involves Positron-Alkali Scattering.
Alkali-Metal Atoms is the occurs in of Elastic Scattering.
Alkali-Metal Atoms involves Ps(1S) Formation.
Laguerre Exponential Fall-Off Parameter is the dependent on of Laguerre Basis Size.
Laguerre Basis Size is the varies with of Target Orbital Angular Momentum.
Positronium-Formation Cross Section calculates Sodium.
Total Cross Section measures Positron-Sodium Scattering.
Fig:4Na presents Xcite.
Fig:4Li presents Xcite.
Fig:4Na presents Xcite.
Fig:4Li presents Xcite.
Fig:4Na presents Xcite.
Fig:4Na presents Xcite.
Fig:4Na presents Xcite.
Fig:4Li presents Xcite.
Fig:4Na presents Xcite.
Fig:4Li presents Xcite.
Fig:4Na presents Xcite.
Fig:4Na presents Xcite.
Fig:4Na presents Xcite.
Fig:4Li presents Xcite.
Fig:4Na presents Xcite.
Fig:4Li presents Xcite.
Fig:4Na presents Xcite.
Figure3 Mg presents Xcite.
Figure4 Mg presents Xcite.
Figure5 Mg presents Xcite.
Figure5 Mg presents Xcite.
Figure3H2 presents Xcite.
Figure4H2 presents Xcite.
Figure4H2 presents Xcite.
Figure5H2 presents Xcite.
Figure6H2 presents Xcite.
Figure6H2 presents Xcite.
P - H presents Xcite.
Ps is the formation of Antihydrogen.
H is the formation of Antihydrogen.
Laguerre Bases is the requirement of Ps.
Laguerre Bases is the requirement of H.
Laguerre Bases is the requirement of Energies.
Close-Coupling Equations limits Laguerre Bases.
Positive Energies is the correspondence of Breakup.
Antiproton is the incident of Ps.
Green S Function is the numerical treatment of Close-Coupling Equations.
Green S Function is the treatment of Lippmann-Schwinger Equations.
Green S Function is the analytical treatment of Lippmann-Schwinger Equations.
Green S Function is the improvement of Lippmann-Schwinger Equations.
Green S Function is the improvement of Basis.
Green S Function is the consideration of Transitions.
Green S Function is the study of Threshold Phenomena.
Green S Function is the advantageous study of Positronium-(Anti)Proton Scattering.
Green S Function is the investigation of Threshold Phenomena.
Australian Research Council is the support of National Facility Of The Australian Partnership For Advanced Computing.
Pawsey Supercomputing Centre is the funding of Australian Government.
Pawsey Supercomputing Centre is the funding of Government Of Western Australia.
U.S. National Science Foundation is the support of Phy-1415656.
Natexlab is the publication of Cern.