White Dwarfs is the provide tracer of early galaxy evolution of Galaxy.
White Dwarfs is the progenitors of Main Sequence Stars.
White Dwarfs is the indicate ages of Colors.
Halo Wds is the contribute negligible fraction of galaxy mass of Galaxy.
Halo Wds is the release gas enriched in cno elements of Gas.
Local Stars is the contain elements by mass of Interstellar Gas.
Compact Objects is the contribute to halo mass of Dark Matter.
Brown Dwarfs comprises Galaxy.
Microlensing Events is the suggestive of halo mass in compact objects of Lmc.
High Proper-Motion Objects finds Hdf.
Old Wds finds Galactic Halo.
Cool Wds is the contribute to halo mass of Halo.
Velocity Selection performs White Dwarfs.
Radial Velocity is the unknown of Line-Of-Sight.
Velocity Distribution Function transforms White Dwarfs.
Solar Motion is the relative motion of Local Standard Of Rest.
Angular Momentum is the affects of Effective Potential.
Tangential Velocity is the affects of Effective Potential.
Particle is the at rest of Effective Potential.
Particle is the equals of Tangential Velocity.
Particle is the moves on circular orbit of Angular Velocity.
Epicyclic Motion is the occurs in tangential and radial directions of Angular Velocity.
Epicyclic Motion is the occurs of Guiding Centre.
Oort'S Constants is the depends on of Effective Potential.
Velocity Ellipsoid is the maintains dispersion ratios of Velocity Dispersion.
Asymmetric Drift is the contributes to mean tangential velocity of Velocity Dispersion.
Asymmetric Drift is the contributes to velocity lag of Velocity Dispersion.
Asymmetric Drift is the contributes to velocity drift of Velocity Dispersion.
Thin Disc haves Velocity Dispersion.
Thick Disc haves Velocity Dispersion.
Thick Disc haves Asymmetric Drift.
Thin Disc haves Asymmetric Drift.
Thin Disc haves Velocity Dispersion.
Thick Disc haves Velocity Dispersion.
Phase-Space Density is the depends on of Position.
Phase-Space Density is the depends on of Velocity.
Velocity Distribution Function is the describes of Phase-Space Density.
Schwarzschild Distribution Function bes Velocity Distribution Function.
Bimodal Schwarzschild Velocity Distribution Function bes Velocity Distribution Function.
Iben & Tutukov researchs Binary Systems.
Iben & Tutukov researchs Triple Stars.
Iben & Tutukov researchs Analytical Models.
Iben & Tutukov researchs Numerical Simulations.
Close Binary is the consists of of Companion.
Close Binary is the affects of Proto Wd.
Companion is the affects of Orbital Radius.
Galaxy is the consists of of Halo.
Galaxy is the consists of of Disc.
Galaxy is the consists of of Bulge.
Galaxy is the defines of Rotation Curve.
Galaxy is the affects of Angular Momentum.
Trajectory follows Wd.
Microlensing Events is the explains of Optical Depth.
Velocity Dispersion is the affects of Wd.
Stellar Distribution is the relates to of Wd.
Galactic Synthesis Model is the models of Galaxy.
Velocity Ellipsoid is the defines of Wd.
Luminosity is the affects of Wd.
White-Dwarf measures Distribution-Function.
White-Dwarf finds Halo.
White-Dwarf is the part of of Thick-Disc.
White-Dwarf is the part of of Flattened-Halo-Population.
White-Dwarf identifys Kinematically-Distinct-Populations.
White-Dwarf haves Luminosity.
White-Dwarf haves Color.
White-Dwarf haves Age-Distribution.
White-Dwarf haves Local-Halo-Density.
White-Dwarf haves Galactic-Density-Profile.
White-Dwarf haves Microlensing-Optical-Depth.
White-Dwarf relates Velocity-Distribution-Function.
White-Dwarf relates Stellar-Populations.
White-Dwarf relates Velocity-Ellipsoid.
White-Dwarf haves Metal-Abundances.
White-Dwarf haves Photometric-Parallaxes.
White-Dwarf relates Binary-Systems.
White-Dwarf relates Galactic-Starformation-Models.
White-Dwarf relates Galactic-Potential.
White-Dwarf haves Scale-Height.
White-Dwarf relates Thin-Disc.
White-Dwarf haves Atmospheres.
White-Dwarf haves Colors.
White-Dwarf relates Sample.