Star is the formation of Disk.
Planet is the formation of Disk.
Disk is the connection of Magnetic Fields.
Dense Cores is the observation of Magnetic Fields.
Dense Cores is the formation of Rotationally Supported Disk (Rsd).
Magnetic Fields is the affect of Rotationally Supported Disk (Rsd).
Magnetic Fields is the affect of Angular Momentum.
Magnetic Fields is the affect of Disk.
Magnetic Fields is the affect of Misalignment Between Magnetic And Rotation Axes.
Magnetic Braking Catastrophe is the suppression of Rotationally Supported Disk (Rsd).
Rotationally Supported Disk (Rsd) is the observation of Star.
Rotationally Supported Disk (Rsd) is the observation of Planet.
Turbulence is the enable of Rotationally Supported Disk (Rsd).
Ambipolar Diffusion is the insufficient of Rotationally Supported Disk (Rsd).
Ohmic Dissipation is the enable of Rotationally Supported Disk (Rsd).
Ohmic Dissipation is the produce of Rotationally Supported Disk (Rsd).
Misalignment Between Magnetic And Rotation Axes is the enable of Rotationally Supported Disk (Rsd).
Misalignment Between Magnetic And Rotation Axes is the generation of Dense Cores.
Misalignment Between Magnetic And Rotation Axes is the formation of Disk.
Angular Momentum is the generation of Dense Cores.
Magnetic Pressure Gradient is the drives of Bipolar Outflow.
Dense Core Material is the forms of Dense Sheet.
Dense Sheet is the forms of Dense Curtain.
Dense Curtain is the produces of Spirals.
Spirals is the indicates change of Field Line Kink.
Angular Momentum is the compares change of Magnetic Torque.
Magnetic Torque is the compares change of Advective Torque.
Dense Rotationally Supported Disk is the suppresses formation of Outflow.
Dense Rotationally Supported Disk is the displays signs of Rotation Speed.
Dense Rotationally Supported Disk is the drops significantly of Specific Angular Momentum.
Field Lines Of Opposite Polarity is the facilitates of Reconnection.
Resistivity is the affects of Magnetic Field.
Magnetic Field plots Plasma.
Protostellar Accretion Flow is the dominates of Dense Rotationally Supported Disk.
Protostellar Accretion Flow is the dominates of Magnetically Dominated Dems.
Dense Rotationally Supported Disk is the suppresses formation of Outflow.
Dense Rotationally Supported Disk is the displays signs of Rotation Speed.
Dense Rotationally Supported Disk is the drops significantly of Specific Angular Momentum.
Field Lines Of Opposite Polarity is the facilitates of Reconnection.
Resistivity is the affects of Magnetic Field.
Magnetic Field plots Plasma.
Dense Cores is the weaker than of Magnetic Fields.
Dense Cores is the produce of Keplerian Disk.
Dense Cores is the large tilt angle of Rotation Axis.
Dense Cores is the unclear of Disk Formation.
Millimeter Interferometer Carma measures Dense Cores.
Outflow Axis aligns Core Rotation Axis.
Outflow Axis is the reflect of Dense Cores.
Dense Cores is the rare of Large Tilt Angle.
Dense Cores is the rare of Disk Formation.
Class Ii Ysos observes Rotationally Supported Disks.
Class I Sources observes Rotationally Supported Disks.
Class 0 Sources observes Rotationally Supported Disks.
Mhd Effects is the affect of Magnetic Braking.
Turbulence is the conducive to of Disk Formation.
Dense Cores weakens Magnetic Braking.
Protostellar Envelope is the depletion of Magnetic Braking.
Star Formation carrys Mhd Simulations.
Magnetic Field is the misalignment of Rotation Axis.
Magnetic Braking weakens Disk Formation.