Complexity roots Systems.
Systems roots Infrastructures.
Systems roots Cell.
Systems roots Networks.
Networks is the involves of Interactions.
Networks is the involves of Robustness.
Robustness is the involves of Challenges.
Robustness is the involves of Biology.
Robustness is the involves of Policy Making.
Robustness is the involves of Risk Assessment.
Structure is the involves of Attention.
Networks is the involves of Interdependent Networks.
Networks is the involves of Multiplex Networks.
Multiplex Networks is the involves of Social Networks.
Multiplex Networks is the involves of Transportation Networks.
Multiplex Networks is the involves of Datasets.
Datasets is the involves of Modeling Framework.
Datasets is the involves of Dynamical Processes.
Interconnected Networks is the involves of Interlinks.
Interconnected Networks is the involves of Interdependencies.
Interdependent Networks is the involves of Mutually Connected Giant Component.
Mutually Connected Giant Component is the involves of Cascade Of Failure Events.
Mutually Connected Giant Component is the involves of Cascading Failures.
Mutually Connected Giant Component is the involves of Discontinuous Transition.
Discontinuous Transition is the leads to of Continuous Transition.
Mutually Connected Giant Component is the involves of Giant Viable Cluster.
Giant Viable Cluster is the involves of Local Supernetworks.
Giant Viable Cluster is the involves of Configuration Model.
Configuration Model is the involves of Percolation Transition.
Configuration Model is the involves of Order Parameter.
Order Parameter is the involves of Singularity.
Mutually Connected Giant Component is the involves of Replica Nodes.
Replica Nodes is the involves of Superdegree.
Mutually Connected Giant Component is the involves of Finite Connected Components.
Finite Connected Components is the involves of Superdegree Sequence.
Finite Network is the involves of Superdegree Sequence.
Finite Network is the involves of Super - Adjacency Matrix.
Super - Adjacency Matrix is the involves of Local Supernetwork.
Local Supernetwork is the involves of Message Passing Algorithm.
Avalanche Of Failures is the involves of Message Passing Algorithm.
Xmath0 is the indicates of Xmath48.
Xmath48 is the indicates of Xmath31.
Xmath31 is the interdependent on of Xmath28.
Xmath28 is the interdependent on of Xmath14.
Xmath49 is the indicates of Xmath14.
Xmath49 is the indicates of Xmath50.
Xmath51 is the of the local supernetwork of Xmath10.
Xmath38 parametrizeds Xmath10.
Xmath49 bes Xmath14.
Xmath49 expresss Xmath14.
Xmath51 is the of the local supernetwork of Xmath10.
Xmath51 is the when we consider only interdependencies of Xmath10.