Galaxies is the involves of Nuclear Activity.
Galaxies is the involves of Mass.
Galaxies is the feeds of Supermassive Black Hole.
Theoretical Studies is the promote of Non-Axisymmetric Potentials.
Non-Axisymmetric Potentials is the promote of Gas Inflow.
Gas Inflow is the towards of Inner Regions.
Galaxies is the reveal of Structures.
Structures associates Small-Scale Disks.
Structures associates Nuclear Bars.
Structures associates Spiral Arms.
Observations is the reveal of Nuclear Dust Structures.
Nuclear Dust Structures is the correlation with of Activity.
Nuclear Dust Structures is the correlation with of Filaments.
Nuclear Dust Structures is the correlation with of Spirals.
Nuclear Dust Structures is the correlation with of Disks.
Galaxies is the presence in of Nuclear Spirals.
Nuclear Spirals fuels Active Galaxies.
Nuclear Spirals is the shocks in of Gas Disks.
Central Smbh is the generate of Spiral Shocks.
Spiral Shocks is the consistent with of Gas Inflow.
Spiral Shocks is the consistent with of Accretion Rates.
Above Studies is the support hypothesis of Nuclear Spirals.
Nuclear Spirals fuels Supermassive Black Hole.
Nuclear Spirals transports Gas.
Kiloparsec Scales is the down to of Parsecs.
Active Nucleus maps Gemini Telescope.
Gemini Telescope maps Velocity Field.
Gemini Telescope maps Ionized Gas.
Ionized Gas detects Streaming Motions.
Ngc1097 maps Streaming Motions.
Ngc1097 detects Streaming Motions.
Streaming Motions is the along arms of Nucleus.
Ngc1097 maps Streaming Motions.
Ngc1097 detects Streaming Motions.
Streaming Motions is the along arms of Nucleus.
Nuclear Spirals associates Inward Streaming Motions.
Gas Kinematics maps More Galaxies.
More Galaxies maps Gas Kinematics.
Gemini Integral Field Spectroscopy is the observations of of Ngc6951.
Ngc6951 haves Hubble Type Sab(Rs)Bc.
Ngc6951 is the at of Distance.
Distance measures Tully 1988.
Ngc6951 is the originally argued as of Liner Type Nucleus.
Liner Type Nucleus classifys Activity.
Liner Type Nucleus is the intermediate between of Activity.
Ngc6951 is the hosts of Star-Forming Ring.
Star-Forming Ring is the emits of Co.
Star-Forming Ring is the emits of Hcn.
Star-Forming Ring is the emits of Radio Emission.
Radio Emission observes Nucleus.
Radio Emission observes Star-Forming Ring.
Radio Emission observes Saikia Et Al . 1994.
Radio Emission observes Ho & Ulvestad 2001.
If uses Measurements.
Gmos - Ifu uses Gemini North Telescope.
Observations is the present in of Flux.
Observations is the present in of Kinematic Measurements.
Observations is the present in of Reductions.
Data Cubes covers Wavelength Range.
Wavelength Range is the covers of Emission Lines.
Emission Lines observes Grating Gmos R400-G5325.
Grating Gmos R400-G5325 provides Spectral Resolution.
Data Reduction uses Gemini.Gmos Package.
Data Reduction uses Iraf.
Data Reduction applys Baseline Calibrations.
Baseline Calibrations normalizes Flux.
Acquisition Image is the shows location of of Ifu Fields.
Acquisition Image obtains Continuum.
Spectra is the larger than of Signal-To-Noise Ratios.
Star-Forming Ring comprises Hii Regions.
Line Ratios relates Gas Density.
Radial Velocities derives Velocity Dispersions.
Radial Velocities measures Accuracy.
Radial Velocities uses Radial Velocity Field.
Radial Velocities fits Disk.
Radial Velocities is the isolated of Deviations.
Deviations explains Thin Disk Kinematic Model.
Thin Disk Kinematic Model is the corresponds to of Velocity Field.
Thin Disk Kinematic Model obtains Best Fit.
Best Fit provides Systemic Velocity.
Best Fit provides Maximum Velocity Amplitude.
Best Fit provides Disk Scale Length.
Best Fit provides Position Angle.
Best Fit provides Disk Inclination.
Photometry derives Disk Inclination.
Deviations observes Star-Forming Ring.
Deviations observes Features.
Features resembles Spiral Arms.
Features marks White Curved Lines.
Structure Map constructs Hst Image.
Structure Map is the enhances contrast in of Dark Structures Regions.
Structure Map is the shows bright regions like of Hii Regions.
Structure Map is the shows bright regions like of Bright Nucleus.
Structure Map is the shows bright regions like of Star Clusters.
Structure Map shows Velocity Residual Map.
Ifu Data is the poorer than of Angular Resolution.
Radio Jet relates Vla Observations.
Radio Jet is the presence suggested by of Radio Source.
Radio Source presents Angular Size.
Radio Source resolves Radio Emission.
Radio Source is the resolving as of Radio Structure.
Molecular Co Radio Images obtains Molecular Gas.
Molecular Co Radio Images is the shows mass of of Molecular Gas Mass.
Molecular Co Radio Images is the shows winding arms ending as a pseudo-ring at of Nuclear Spiral Arms.
Molecular Co Radio Images concentrates Molecular Gas Mass.
Molecular Co Radio Images is the shows unresolved complex within of Nuclear Complex.
Molecular Co Radio Images is the estimates mass of of Molecular Gas Mass.
Molecular Co Radio Images is the supports inflow of of Molecular Gas Mass.
Molecular Co Radio Images supports Mm-Interferometric Observations.
Jh Color Map is the similar to of Structure Map.
Jh Color Map is the partially coincides with of Spiral Arm.
Rotation Pattern interprets Spiral Arms.
Rotation Pattern interprets Outflows.
Rotation Pattern is the interaction with of Radio Source.
Kinematic Data is the covers of Radial Extent.
Radial Extent is the explains difference of Major Axis Orientation.
Velocity Field is the shows structure of Minor Axis.
Minor Axis relates Nuclear Outflow.
Nuclear Outflow relates Inner Lindblad Resonance.
Inner Lindblad Resonance relates Inner Disk.
Nuclear Spirals relates Torques.
Gas Angular Momentum is the drains to of Nuclear Region.
Stellar Bar relates Nuclear Gaseous Spirals.
Smbh relates Nuclear Gaseous Spirals.
Smbh is the allows extension of Spiral Shocks.
Nuclear Spirals is the contributes to of Mass Flowing.
Mass Flowing is the compares to of Accretion Rate.
Bolometric Luminosity is the estimates from of Accretion Rate.
Accretion Disk relates Riaf.
Starburst associates Dust Structures.
Agreement is the acknowledges of Kinematic Data.