Ultra-Low Temperature Trapped Bose Gases is the investigates of Off-Diagonal Long-Range Order.
Off-Diagonal Long-Range Order relates Bose-Einstein Condensation.
Bose-Einstein Condensation is the investigates of Two Dimensions.
Finite-Temperature Bec is the contradicts of Homogeneous 2D Bose Gas.
Ideal Trapped Bose Gas is the leads to of Bose-Einstein Condensation.
2D Isotropic Harmonic Trap shows Bagnato And Kleppner.
Bagnato And Kleppner extends Shevchenko.
Thermodynamic Limit is the leads to of Bose-Einstein Condensation.
Repulsive Interactions is the affects of Finite Temperature Bec In Interacting Trapped 2D Bose Gas.
Lieb And Seiringer proves Finite Number Of Atoms Confined In A Trap.
Petrov Et Al. suggests Finite Trapped (Quasi)-2D Systems.
Finite Trapped (Quasi)-2D Systems provides Phase Correlations.
Bogliubov Et Al. obtains Finite Trapped (Quasi)-2D Systems.
Bhaduri Et Al. suggests Finite Temperature Bec In Interacting Finite 2D System.
Hartree-Fock-Bogoliubov Mean-Field Theory uses Bhaduri Et Al..
Condensate relates Phase Transition.
Superfluid State requires Interactions.
Finite Temperature Bec In Interacting Trapped 2D Bose Gas is the contradicts of Rigorous Proof.
Finite Number Of Atoms Confined In A Trap proves Lieb And Seiringer.
Spatial Redistribution Of Atoms is the affects of Bose Gas Degeneracy.
Revival Of Odlro relates Off-Diagonal One-Particle Density Matrix.
Off-Diagonal One-Particle Density Matrix is the investigates of Noninteracting 2D Gas.
Noninteracting 2D Gas is the calculates of Exact Expression For Finite Temperature Correlation Function.
Exact Expression For Finite Temperature Correlation Function is the compares of Interacting System Within Semiclassical Hfb Approximation.
Interacting System Within Semiclassical Hfb Approximation is the analyzes of Temperature Dependence.
Temperature Dependence is the summarizes of Concluding Remarks.
Bagnato is the collaborator of Kleppner.
Kleppner is the requirement of Condensate Order Parameter.
Condensate Order Parameter is the requirement of Macroscopic Occupation Of Ground State.
Macroscopic Occupation Of Ground State is the introduction of One-Particle Density Matrix.
One-Particle Density Matrix is the definition of Ground-State Eigenfunction.
Ground-State Eigenfunction is the calculation of 2D Density.
2D Density is the calculation of Exact Densities.
Exact Densities is the comparison of Semiclassical Densities.
Semiclassical Densities is the comparison of Correlation Function.
Correlation Function is the comparison of Critical Temperature.
Critical Temperature is the comparison of Condensate Order Parameter.
Condensate Order Parameter is the description of Self-Consistent Mean-Field Hfb Equations.
Self-Consistent Mean-Field Hfb Equations is the application of Semiclassical Hfb Theory.
Semiclassical Hfb Theory is the comparison of 2D Version.
2D Version is the comparison of 3D Version.
3D Version is the researcher of Mullin.
Mullin is the presentation of Essentials Of The Model.
Essentials Of The Model is the description of Condensed And Uncondensed Atoms.
Condensed And Uncondensed Atoms is the description of Condensate Wavefunction.
Condensate Wavefunction is the definition of Gross-Pitaevskii Equation.
Gross-Pitaevskii Equation is the calculation of Total Density.
Total Density is the composition of Condensate.
Total Density is the composition of Noncondensate Density.
Noncondensate Density is the equivalence of Self-Consistent Thomas-Fermi Approximation.
Self-Consistent Thomas-Fermi Approximation is the comparison of Exact Diagonal Density Matrix.
Exact Diagonal Density Matrix is the equivalence of Semiclassical Approximation.
Semiclassical Approximation is the limitation of Critical Temperature.
Critical Temperature is the achievement of Self-Consistent Solutions.
Self-Consistent Solutions is the result of Hfb Equations.
Hfb Equations is the calculation of Density And Chemical Potential.
Density And Chemical Potential is the description of Gas.
Gas is the comparison of Temperature.
Temperature is the comparison of Density Of Atoms.
Density Of Atoms is the association of Odlro.
Odlro is the investigation of Off-Diagonal Density Matrix.
Off-Diagonal Density Matrix is the calculation of Wigner-Kirkwood Semiclassical Expansion.
Wigner-Kirkwood Semiclassical Expansion is the description of Noncondensed Particles.
Noncondensed Particles is the assumption of Bosons.
Bosons is the definition of Effective Potential.
Effective Potential is the calculation of Off-Diagonal Density Matrix.
Off-Diagonal Density Matrix is the calculation of Normalized Correlation Function.
Normalized Correlation Function is the investigation of Temperature Dependence.
Temperature Dependence is the comparison of Correlation Function.
Correlation Function is the comparison of Interacting System.
Interacting System is the observation of Phase Fluctuations.
Phase Fluctuations is the association of Odlro.
Odlro is the conjecture of Order-Parameter.
Order-Parameter is the nature of Correlations.
Correlations is the investigation of Homogeneous 2D Bose Gas.
Homogeneous 2D Bose Gas is the researcher of Popov.
Popov is the calculation of Low Temperature Correlation Function.
Low Temperature Correlation Function is the implication of Algebraic Odlro.
Algebraic Odlro is the comparison of Superfluid State.
Superfluid State is the attainment of True Condensate.
True Condensate is the condition of Finite System.
Finite System is the researcher of Bogoliubov.
Bogoliubov is the agreement of Power Law Dependence.
Power Law Dependence is the comparison of Uniform Gas.
Uniform Gas is the observation of Low Temperatures.
Low Temperatures is the similarity of Algebraic Odlro.
Algebraic Odlro is the comparison of Superfluid State.
Superfluid State is the attainment of True Condensate.
True Condensate is the condition of Finite System.
Finite System is the application of Coherence Properties Of Trapped Gases.
Coherence Properties Of Trapped Gases is the observation of Re-Entrant Odlro.
Re-Entrant Odlro is the investigation of Superfluid State.
Superfluid State is the researcher of Margo And Ceperley.
Margo And Ceperley is the comparison of 2D Charged Bose Fluid (Cbf).