Hetnet is the boosts of Spectral Efficiency.
Hetnet arouses Academia.
Hetnet arouses Industry.
Hetnet is the consists of of Macro Base Stations.
Hetnet is the consists of of Pico Bss.
Hetnet is the critical of Interference Problem.
Hetnet is the critical of Rrm.
Research conducts Rrm.
Research conducts Game Theoretical Approaches.
Research conducts Fractional Frequency Reuse Scheme.
Research conducts Comp.
Research conducts Uplink-Downlink Duality.
Research conducts Wmmse Algorithm.
Research conducts Channel State Information.
Research conducts Signaling Overhead.
Research conducts Signaling Latency.
Research conducts Csit.
Research conducts Complexity Of The Algorithm.
Research conducts Eicic Techniques.
Research conducts Abs Control.
Research conducts Cell Range Extension Biases.
Research conducts Victim Pico User Partition.
Research conducts Optimal Synchronous Abs Rate Selection.
Research is the focus on of Resource Optimization.
Research is the focus on of Dynamic Abrb.
Research is the focus on of Multi-User Diversity.
Research is the focus on of Rrm Architecture.
Research is the focus on of Two Timescale Control Structure.
Research is the focus on of Sparsity.
Research is the focus on of Interference Graph.
Research is the focus on of Optimal Abrb Control.
Research is the focus on of Two Timescale Alternative Optimization Solution.
Research is the focus on of Notations.
Research is the focus on of Downlink.
Research is the focus on of Hetnet Topology.
Research is the focus on of Bipartite Graph.
Research is the focus on of Wireless Link.
Research is the focus on of Channel Coefficient.
Research is the focus on of Neighbor Macro Bss.
Research is the focus on of Neighbor Pico Bss.
Research is the focus on of Channel Fading Process.
Research is the focus on of Biased Cell Selection Mechanism.
Research is the focus on of Noise Limited User.
Research is the focus on of Interference Limited User.
Research is the focus on of Hierarchical Rrm Control Structure.
Research is the focus on of Control Variables.
Research is the focus on of Abs.
Research is the focus on of Co-Tier Interference.
Research is the focus on of Cross-Tier Interference.
Research is the focus on of Dynamic Abrb Control.
Research is the focus on of Fine-Grained Resource Allocation.
Research is the focus on of Abrb Pattern.
Research is the focus on of Abrb Transmission.
Research is the focus on of Abrb Control Policy.
Research is the focus on of User Set Partition.
Average Mutual Information Region defines Subband.
Xmath332 haves K.
K is the belongs to of U_B.
X_K bes I_M.
I_M is the depends on of Q_M.
I_M is the depends on of Pi_M.
Xmath334 bes Xmath335.
Xmath336 bes Xmath337.
Statistical Symmetry is the affects of Subbands.
Xmath338 is the exists for of Abrb Control Policy.
Xmath339 is the exists for of Xmath340.
Xmath341 bes Pareto Boundary Point.
Xmath343 is the belongs to of U_A.
Xmath344 bes Xmath345.
Xmath346 is the belongs to of U_B.
Xmath346 bes Xmath347.
Subbands is the exists for of Abrb Control Policy.
Subbands is the exists for of User Scheduling Policy.
Xmath350 is the can be achieved for all of Xmath351.
Xmath352 is the can be achieved using of Symmetric Policy.
Xmath352 completes Xmath353.