Dielectric Resonators is the application of Microlasers.
Dielectric Resonators is the application of Sensors.
Dielectric Resonators is the paradigm of Open Wave-Chaotic Systems.
Dielectric Microcavities is the ranges from of Size.
Semiclassical Methods treats Wave-Dynamical Systems.
Dielectric Cavities corresponds Classical System.
Classical System bes Open Dielectric Billiard.
Open Dielectric Billiard is the travel freely while of Rays.
Open Dielectric Billiard impinges Boundary.
Boundary is the partially reflected and refracted to the outside according to of Rays.
Boundary accords Snell'S Law.
Boundary accords Fresnel Formulas.
Resonance States localizes Dielectric Cavities.
Far-Field Characteristics predicts Microlasers.
Rays is the connections between of Ray Dynamics.
Goos-Hänchen Shift is the semiclassical corrections to of Ray Picture.
Fresnel Filtering is the semiclassical corrections to of Ray Picture.
Curved Boundaries is the semiclassical corrections to of Ray Picture.
Trace Formulas is the relate of Density Of States.
Trace Formulas is the relate of Wave-Dynamical System.
Trace Formulas is the relate of Periodic Orbits (Pos).
2D Dielectric Resonators is the developed of Trace Formula.
Trace Formula tests Resonator Shapes.
Typical Microlasers is the like those used in are of 3D Systems.
Trace Formulas is the no investigation of of 3D Dielectric Resonators.
3D Maxwell Equations is the numerical solution of of Real Dielectric Cavities.
Flat Microlasers treats 2D Systems.
Flat Microlasers introduces Effective Index Of Refraction.
Effective Index Of Refraction is the approximation has been of Used In.
Effective Index Of Refraction is the introduces certain uncontrolled errors of Known.
Effective Index Of Refraction is the not strictly speaking valid for of Separation.
Authors Knowledge is the no a priori of such errors are known of Estimates.
Present Work is the comparison of of Experimental Length Spectra.
Present Work is the comparison of of Trace Formula.
Present Work investigates Dispersion Of Effective Index Of Refraction.
Present Work investigates Higher-Order Corrections.
Experimental Length Spectra performs Dielectric Microwave Resonators.
Experimental Length Spectra performs Polymer Microlasers.
Trace Formula is the successfully tested for of 2D Dielectric Resonators.
Trace Formula is the successfully tested for of Resonator Shapes.
Trace Formula is the no investigation of of 3D Dielectric Resonators.
Flat Microlasers is the not exact for of 3D Systems.
Flat Microlasers is the defines the 2d approximation of 2D Systems.
Flat Microlasers is the accuracy is unknown of Accuracy.
Flat Microlasers is the which has been of Experimentally Determined.
Present Work is the investigate of Precision.
Present Work is the investigate of Length Spectra.
Effective Index Of Refraction is the depends strongly on of Tm Modes.
Effective Index Of Refraction plays Dispersion.
Density Of States (Dos) gives Dielectric Resonator.
Density Of States (Dos) describes Smooth Part.
Density Of States (Dos) relates Fluctuating Part.
Fluctuating Part relates Periodic Orbits (Pos).
2D Dielectric Resonators applys Trace Formula.
Flat 3D Resonators considers Frequency-Dependent Effective Index Of Refraction.
Trace Formula computes Fourier Transform.
Dispersion is the essential of Frequency-Dependent Effective Index Of Refraction.
Geometrical Length defines Length Spectrum.
Length Spectrum compares Experimental Length Spectrum.
Disk A evaluates Experimental Length Spectrum.
Disk A computes Exact Trace Formula.
Disk B shows Experimental Length Spectrum.
Disk B computes Exact Trace Formula.
Fresnel Coefficients is the dependent of Fresnel Phase.
Fresnel Phase is the dependent of Fresnel Coefficients.
Fresnel Phase is the vanishes of Frequency.
Wave Number evaluates Frequency.
Quantization Condition derives Exact Trace Formula.
Fresnel Reflection Coefficients is the product of Exact Trace Formula.
Fresnel Reflection Coefficients is the product of Oscillating Term.
Fresnel Reflection Coefficients is the contributes of Amplitude.
Fresnel Reflection Coefficients includes Curvature Corrections.
Fresnel Reflection Coefficients is the dependent of Fresnel Phase.
Fresnel Reflection Coefficients is the contributions of Pos.
Fresnel Reflection Coefficients is the interferences of Side Lobes.
Interference Effects compares Ft Of The Semiclassical Trace Formula.
Dispersive Material makes Dispersion.
Dispersion plays Dispersive Material.
Semiclassical Trace Formula is the imprecise of Pos.
Semiclassical Trace Formula is the close to critical angle of Pos.
Semiclassical Trace Formula is the necessity of Modifications.
Experimental Length Spectrum compares Exact Trace Formula.
Exact Trace Formula derives Quantization Condition.
Exact Trace Formula is the contains of Fresnel Reflection Coefficients.
Exact Trace Formula is the contains of Oscillating Term.
Exact Trace Formula is the contributes of Amplitude.
Exact Trace Formula is the contributions of Pos.
Exact Trace Formula includes Curvature Corrections.
Exact Trace Formula is the dependent of Fresnel Phase.
Exact Trace Formula is the contains of Systematic Error.
Resonance Frequencies calculates Helmholtz Equation.