Quantum Chromodynamics is the fundamental theory of of Strong Interaction.
Quantum Chromodynamics is the research topic of Color Confinement.
Quantum Chromodynamics is the research topic of Spontaneous Chiral-Symmetry Breaking.
Color Confinement is the research topic of Spontaneous Chiral-Symmetry Breaking.
Dynamical Chiral-Symmetry Breaking is the category of Spontaneous Symmetry Breaking.
Dynamical Chiral-Symmetry Breaking is the category of Quark Condensate.
Quark Condensate relates Low-Lying Dirac Modes.
Low-Lying Dirac Modes is the indicates of Banks-Casher Relation.
Dirac Modes appears Dirac Operator.
Qcd Lagrangian appears Dirac Operator.
Color Confinement characterizes Wilson Loop.
Wilson Loop is the indicates of String Tension.
Wilson Loop relates Polyakov Loop.
Polyakov Loop characterizes Quark Confinement.
Polyakov Loop is the order parameter of of Center Symmetry.
Quark Confinement relates Qcd Monopoles.
Qcd Monopoles relates Color Confinement.
Qcd Monopoles relates Spontaneous Chiral-Symmetry Breaking.
Dirac-Mode Expansion explores Dirac Operator.
Dirac-Mode Expansion explores Quark Confinement.
Bosons requires Euclidean Temporal Direction.
Fermions requires Euclidean Temporal Direction.
Temporally-(Anti)Periodic Lattice is the belongs to of Thermal System.
Fermion Field is the obeys of Dirac Operator.
Quarks reflects Dirac Operator.
Matrix is the acts on of Quarks.
Matrix expresss Quarks.
Link-Variable Operator defines Temporal Boundary.
Link-Variable Operator is the convenient to add a minus sign at of Temporal Boundary.
Link-Variable Operator is the satisfied of Temporal Boundary.
Thermal Qcd defines Link-Variable Operator.
Dirac Operator expresss Covariant Derivative.
Polyakov Loop writes Functional Trace.
Polyakov Loop is the proportional to of Functional Trace.
Dirac-Mode Basis uses Functional Trace.
Dirac-Mode Basis satisfys Functional Trace.
Dirac Eigenvalues relates Polyakov Loop.
Dirac Eigenvalues obtains Polyakov Loop.
Dirac Eigenvalues is the direct relation to of Polyakov Loop.
Dirac Eigenvalues is the mathematically valid in lattice qcd with odd-number temporal size in both confinement and deconfinement phases of Polyakov Loop.
Dirac Eigenvalues is the dirac spectral representation of of Polyakov Loop.
Dirac Eigenvalues investigates Polyakov Loop.
Dirac Eigenvalues is the numerically calculable in lattice qcd of Polyakov Loop.
Dirac Eigenvalues is the contribution from low-lying dirac-modes is negligibly small of Polyakov Loop.
Dirac Eigenvalues is the almost unchanged by removing low-lying dirac modes of Polyakov Loop.
Dirac Eigenvalues is the dirac spectral representation of of Polyakov Loop.
Dirac Eigenvalues is the physical meaning of of Polyakov Loop.
Dirac Eigenvalues is the contribution from low-lying dirac modes to of Polyakov Loop.
Dirac Eigenvalues is the numerical confirmation with lattice qcd monte carlo calculations of Polyakov Loop.