X-Ray Emission is the component of Diffuse Gas.
X-Ray Emission is the component of Accreting Stellar X-Ray Binaries.
Lmxb Component is the component of Lmxbs.
Lmxbs is the analogous detections of Ellipticals.
Lmxbs is the formation site of Globular Clusters.
Lmxbs is the ejection of Supernovae.
Lmxbs In Early-Type Galaxies haves Properties.
Properties haves Color.
Properties haves Magnitude.
Properties haves Globulars.
Globular Affects The Lmxb Population is the affects of Star Formation.
Chandra Observations is the observes of Ngc 1399.
Ngc 1399 haves Redder Globular Clusters.
Evidence is the supports of Lmxbs.
Evidence is the supports of Brighter Globulars.
Brighter Globulars is the affects of Probability Per Star.
Field Lmxbs locates Ellipticals.
Field Lmxbs causes Ejected.
Field Lmxbs is the result of of Kick Velocities.
Kick Velocities causes Supernovae.
Kick Velocities is the result of of Stellar Dynamical Processes.
Stellar Dynamical Processes is the include of Superelastic Encounters.
Superelastic Encounters converts Internal Binding Energy.
Superelastic Encounters converts Kinetic Energy.
Kinetic Energy is the leads to of Motion.
Binary is the result of of Dissolution Of The Globular.
Dissolution Of The Globular causes Tidal Effects.
Lmxbs is the emit of X-Rays.
Lmxbs is the include of Luminous Lmxbs.
Ellipticals locates Luminous Lmxbs.
Luminous Lmxbs locates Field.
Luminous Lmxbs causes Ejected.
Luminous Lmxbs is the supports of Evidence.
Luminous Lmxbs locates Massive Clusters.
Luminous Lmxbs is the not include of Binary Black Hole Systems.
Luminous Lmxbs is the include of Super-Eddington Sources.
Super-Eddington Sources is the include of Multiple X-Ray Sources.
Fraction Of Globulars is the affects of Luminosity Function.
Luminosity Function haves High End.
Fraction Of Globulars is the affects of Relevant Subset Of Globulars.
Luminous Super-Eddington X-Ray Sources locates Elliptical Galaxies.
Luminous Super-Eddington X-Ray Sources is the not include of Bulges.
Luminous Super-Eddington X-Ray Sources is the not include of Central 5 Of The Bulge.
Luminous Super-Eddington X-Ray Sources locates Large Spiral Bulge Ngc 1291.
Large Spiral Bulge Ngc 1291 haves Luminosity.
Large Spiral Bulge Ngc 1291 is the result of of Statistical Fluctuations.
Large Spiral Bulge Ngc 1291 is the include of Populations Of Globular Clusters.
Specific Frequency Of Globular Clusters is the affects of Hubble Sequence.
Specific Frequency Of Lmxbs is the affects of Hubble Sequence.
Specific Frequency Of Lmxbs is the affects of X-Ray To Optical Ratio.
Central Dominant Ellipticals haves Specific Globular Cluster Frequencies.
Specific Globular Cluster Frequencies is the affects of Lmxbs.
Specific Globular Cluster Frequencies is the affects of X-Ray To Optical Ratio.
Central Dominant Galaxies haves Enormous Populations Of Lmxbs.
Chandra Observations is the observes of Ngc 1399.
Ngc 1399 haves Globular Cluster List.
Globular Cluster List bases Hst Observations.
Globular Cluster List locates 70% Of The Lmxbs.