Supernova Remnants is the primary site for of Cosmic Ray Acceleration.
Supernova Remnants is the primary site for of Cosmic Rays Spectrum.
X-Ray Observations reveals Young Supernova Remnants.
Young Supernova Remnants is the acceleration site of of Synchrotron X-Ray Emitters.
Synchrotron X-Ray Emitters is the imply of Particles.
Young Supernova Remnants reveals High Energy Gamma-Ray Observations.
High Energy Gamma-Ray Observations is the reveal as site for of H.E.S.S..
High Energy Gamma-Ray Observations is the reveal as site for of Magic.
High Energy Gamma-Ray Observations is the reveal as site for of Veritas.
High Energy Gamma-Ray Observations accelerates Energetic Particles.
Fermi Observations is the show that of Middle-Aged Supernova Remnants.
Middle-Aged Supernova Remnants bes Gev Gamma-Ray Emitters.
X-Ray Studied Supernova Remnants is the need larger sample to understand of Gev Gamma-Ray Emitters.
G32.8@Xmath00.1 (Kes 78) discovers Radio Band.
G32.8@Xmath00.1 (Kes 78) detects Oh Masers.
Oh Masers is the suggest interaction with of Molecular Cloud.
G32.8@Xmath00.1 (Kes 78) derives Kinematic Distance.
G32.8@Xmath00.1 (Kes 78) finds Gev Emission.
Gev Emission suggests 2Fgl J1850.7@Xmath00014.
G32.8@Xmath00.1 (Kes 78) studys 52 Months Of Data.
52 Months Of Data is the show that of Uncertainties.
52 Months Of Data is the confirm source again of 3Rd Fermi Source Catalog.
3Rd Fermi Source Catalog finds Vhe Extended Gamma-Ray Source.
Vhe Extended Gamma-Ray Source finds H.E.S.S. Team.
Vhe Extended Gamma-Ray Source associates Pulsar Wind Nebula.
Pulsar Wind Nebula associates Psr J18530004.
Supernova Remnants is the imply that of Gamma-Ray Emission.
Supernova Remnants is the imply that of High-Energy Activity.
Supernova Remnants is the lack of of X-Ray Detection.
Supernova Remnants is the report on of X-Ray Imaging.
G32.8@Xmath00.1 (Kes 78) observes Suzaku.
Suzaku performs Pointings.
Suzaku operates X-Ray Imaging Spectrometers.
Suzaku operates X-Ray Telescope.
Suzaku operates Hard X-Ray Detector.
X-Ray Imaging Spectrometers operates Spaced-Row Charge Injection.
Suzaku makes Data Reduction.
Data Reduction reprocesss Calibration Database.
Calibration Database follows Standard Screening Criteria.
Standard Screening Criteria is the show remaining of Exposure Time.
Calibration Database uses Background Model.
Background Model estimates Cosmic X-Ray Background.
Cosmic X-Ray Background estimates Heao1 Results.
Calibration Database corrects Xis 0.52-0.2 Kev.
Calibration Database corrects Vignetting.
Vignetting is the affects of Clumpy Shell-Like Structure.
Vignetting is the affects of Bright Point Source.
Bright Point Source is the coincident with of 2Xmm J185114.3@Xmath0000004.
2Xmm J185114.3@Xmath0000004 catalogs 3Xmm J1851@Xmath0000002.
Multi-Band is the show together with of Vgps Continuum Data.
Multi-Band is the highlight of X-Ray Imaging.
X-Ray Imaging is the trace of Radio Shell Emission.
X-Ray Imaging follows Suzaku Emission.
Multi-Band is the show together with of Co (J=10) Image.
Co (J=10) Image is the reveals of Molecular Cloud Emission.
Co (J=10) Image is the likely caused by of Interaction.
Co (J=10) Image is the likely caused by of Elongation.
Co (J=10) Image is the no overlap with of Position.
Spectroscopic Study is the study of of Diffuse Emission.
Diffuse Emission is the contains of Thermal Component.
Diffuse Emission is the fit with of Absorbed Thermal Model.
Absorbed Thermal Model applys Phabs Model.
Absorbed Thermal Model rejects Reduced @Xmath20/D.O.F..
Diffuse Emission is the fit with of Non-Equilibrium Ionization Model.
Non-Equilibrium Ionization Model applys Vnei.
Non-Equilibrium Ionization Model rejects Reduced @Xmath20/D.O.F..
Diffuse Emission is the fit with of Two-Temperature Model.
Two-Temperature Model returns Nei+Nei.
Two-Temperature Model returns Reduced @Xmath20.
Two-Temperature Model returns Nei+Power-Law.
Nei+Power-Law yields Reduced @Xmath20.
Nei+Power-Law yields Parameters.
Vpshock is the same as of Results.
Diffuse Emission remains Residuals.
Residuals accumulates Background Photons.
Background Photons accumulates Background Region.
Background Region is the introduce of Systematic Uncertainty.
Systematic Uncertainty dos Results.
Systematic Uncertainty is the underestimation of of Nxb Component.
Nxb Component is the cause of Residual Emission.
Residual Emission is the contamination from of Point Source.
Point Source is the unlikely since of Diffuse Emission.
Diffuse Emission is the originate from of Hard-Tail Component.
Diffuse Emission is the most likely of Hard-Tail Component.
Diffuse Emission conducts Spatially Resolved Spectroscopy.
Zhang B. collaborates Huang X..
Zhang B. collaborates Liu S..
Zhang B. collaborates Zhang H.-B..
Yuasa T. collaborates Tamura K. I..
Yuasa T. collaborates Nakazawa K..
Zirakashvili V. N. collaborates Aharonian F..
Zhou J.-J. collaborates Zhang X.-Z..
Zhou J.-J. collaborates Zhang H.-B..
Zhou J.-J. collaborates Zhou P..
Zhou J.-J. collaborates Chen Y..
Zhang X.-Z. collaborates Zhou P..
Zhang X.-Z. collaborates Chen Y..