Advection-Dominated Accretion Flows studys Adafs.
Adafs is the exist in of Black Hole X-Ray Binaries.
Adafs is the exist in of Low-Luminosity Active Galactic Nuclei.
Adafs is the exist below of Critical Mass Accretion Rate.
Viscous Heating balances Radiative Cooling.
Adafs is the natural extension of of Luminous Hot Accretion Flows.
Adafs is the exist of Outflows.
Magnetic Field governs Toroidal Component.
Magnetic Field governs Poloidal Component.
Outflows is the affect dynamics of Angular Momentum Transfer.
Outflows is the affect dynamics of Turbulence Mechanism.
Magnetorotational Instability associates Angular Momentum Transfer.
Magnetic Braking Effects is the transfer angular momentum of Large-Scale Magnetic Field.
Outflows is the affect dynamics of Specific Internal Energy.
Specific Internal Energy is the different from of Specific Internal Energy.
Specific Angular Momentum is the different from of Specific Angular Momentum.
Self-Similar Approximation adopts Global Solution.
Mhd Equations is the include of Ordered Magnetic Fields.
Mhd Equations is the investigate of Steady-State.
Steady-State assumes Axisymmetric.
Magnetic Flux is the decreases of Magnetic Pressure.
Magnetic Pressure is the increases of Large-Scale Field.
Large-Scale Field is the forms of Magnetically-Dominated Accretion Flow.
Initially Weak Large-Scale Field amplifys Outer Region.
Outer Region is the due to of Compression Of The Flow.
Compression Of The Flow accretes Accreted Inward.
Large-Scale Magnetic Field is the dominant mechanism of Angular Momentum Transfer.
Angular Momentum Transfer is the angular momentum transport of Large-Scale Magnetic Field.
Large-Scale Magnetic Field is the more important of Angular Momentum Transport.
Large-Scale Magnetic Field transports Angular Momentum Transport.
Large-Scale Magnetic Field is the moderately strong of Angular Momentum Transport.
Large-Scale Magnetic Field transfers Angular Momentum Transport.
Large-Scale Magnetic Field is the decreases of Temperature.
Large-Scale Magnetic Field is the increase of Radial Velocities.
Large-Scale Magnetic Field is the increase of Angular Velocities.
Large-Scale Magnetic Field is the decrease of Temperature.
Large-Scale Magnetic Field is the decrease of Turbulent-Viscosity Contribution.
Magnetic Pressure Gradient Force bes Centrifugal Force.
Magnetic Stress Force bes Centripetal Force.
Total Pressure is the serves as of Centrifugal Force.
Total Pressure is the exceeds of Magnetic Centripetal Force.
Total Pressure is the proportional to of Sound Speed.
Radial Velocities is the decrease of Temperature.
Temperature is the decreases of Effective Centrifugal Force.
Effective Centrifugal Force is the increase of Infalling Velocity.
Energy Equation is the increase of Angular Velocity.
Ordered Magnetic Field is the decrease of Temperature.
Temperature is the decreases of Effective Centrifugal Force.
Effective Centrifugal Force is the increase of Infalling Velocity.
Energy Equation is the increase of Angular Velocity.
Ordered Magnetic Field is the decrease of Temperature.
Temperature is the decreases of Effective Centrifugal Force.
Effective Centrifugal Force is the increase of Infalling Velocity.
Toroidal Magnetic Field is the decrease of Temperature.
Temperature is the decreases of Effective Centrifugal Force.
Effective Centrifugal Force is the increase of Infalling Velocity.
Magnetic Field is the stronger of Accretion Flow.
Accretion Flow is the faster of Rotates.
Accretion Flow is the faster of Falls Into Central Object.
Accretion Flow is the lower of Temperature.
Temperature determines X-Ray Spectra.
X-Ray Spectra is the originates from of Thermal Comptonization Process.
Thermal Comptonization Process is the region of of Hot Plasma.
Hot Plasma is the originates from of Radiation.
Radiation describes X-Ray Spectrum.
X-Ray Spectrum is the widely accepted as of Power-Law Form.
Power-Law Form determines Slope.
Slope determines Product Of Temperature And Optical Depth.
X-Ray Spectrum obtains Fitting.
Fitting is the constrain of Optical Depth.
Fitting is the constrain of Temperature.
Temperature is the calculate of Hot Accretion Flow Model.
Hot Accretion Flow Model is the solve of Discrepancy.
Discrepancy includes Large-Scale Magnetic Field.
Discrepancy includes Outflow.
Effects is the influences of Dynamics.
Magnetic Field is the exist in of Inner Regions.
Inner Regions is the of of Adafs.
Paper haves Investigated.
Magnetic Field haves Ordered Component.
Magnetic Pressure is the affect of Stress Forces.
Conventional Description is the mimic of Angular Momentum.
Large-Scale Magnetic Fields obtains Outflows.
Outflow is the change of Radial Profile.
Outflow takes Angular Momentum.
Outflow takes Energy.
Physical Properties is the parameterize of Outflow.
Specific Angular Momentum is the decrease of Temperature.
Specific Angular Momentum is the increase of Radial Velocities.
Specific Angular Momentum is the decrease of Angular Velocities.
Specific Internal Energy is the decrease of Temperature.
Specific Internal Energy is the decrease of Radial Velocity.
Specific Internal Energy is the increase of Angular Velocity.
Magnetic Fields is the present of Outflows.
Inflow is the could be of Super-Keplerian.
Krolik collaborates De Villiers.
Krolik collaborates Stone.
Hirose collaborates Krolik.
Stone collaborates Hirose.
Henriksen collaborates Valls - Gabaud.
Ho collaborates Abramowicz.
Kato collaborates Fukue.
Kato collaborates Mineshige.
Lovelace collaborates Romanova.
Lovelace collaborates Newman.
Machida collaborates Hayashi.
Machida collaborates Matsumoto.
Machida collaborates Nakamura.
Mouschovias collaborates Paleologou.
Narayan collaborates Mahadevan.
Narayan collaborates Quataert.
Narayan collaborates Lasota.
Lasota collaborates Bjornsson.
Oda collaborates Machida.
Oda collaborates Nakamura.
Oda collaborates Matsumoto.
Stone collaborates Norman.
Stone collaborates Pringle.
Stone collaborates Pringle.
Stone collaborates Pringle.
Xie collaborates Yuan.
Yuan collaborates Quataert.
Yuan collaborates Zdziarski.
Zdziarski collaborates Gierliski.
Zhang collaborates Dai.