Geodesics relates Kerr Metric.
Geodesics relates Classical Books.
Geodesics relates General Relativity.
Recent Papers relates Geodesics On Kerr'S Black Hole.
Recent Papers relates Mechanism Of Jet Formation.
Recent Papers relates Particle Acceleration.
Analytic Solutions relates Geodesic Equation.
Analytic Solutions relates Axially Symmetric Space-Time.
Geodesic Equation is the describes of Spinless Particle.
Spinning Test Particle is the describes of Mathisson-Papapetrou-Dixon Equations.
Mathisson-Papapetrou-Dixon Equations is the describes of Particle'S 4-Velocity.
Mathisson-Papapetrou-Dixon Equations is the describes of Tensor Of Spin.
Mathisson-Papapetrou-Dixon Equations is the describes of Mass.
Mathisson-Papapetrou-Dixon Equations is the describes of Covariant Derivative.
Mathisson-Papapetrou-Dixon Equations is the describes of Riemann Curvature Tensor.
Supplementary Condition is the describes of Trajectory.
Supplementary Condition is the describes of Center Of Mass.
Spinning Test Particle Condition is the describes of Absolute Value Of Spin.
Spinning Test Particle Condition is the describes of Coordinate Distance.
Spinning Test Particle Condition is the describes of Spin Effects.
Linear Spin Approximation is the describes of Spin On Particle'S Motion.
Kerr'S Field is the describes of Chaotic Motions.
Kerr'S Field is the describes of Nongeodesic Synchrotron Electromagnetic Radiation.
Kerr'S Field is the describes of Highly Relativistic Protons.
Kerr'S Field is the describes of Highly Relativistic Electrons.
Kerr'S Field is the describes of Highly Relativistic Circular Orbits.
Highly Relativistic Circular Orbits is the describes of Classification Of Geodesic Orbits.
Highly Relativistic Circular Orbits is the describes of Classification Of Significantly Nongeodesic Orbits.
Highly Relativistic Circular Orbits is the describes of Analytical Solutions Of Mpd Equations.
Highly Relativistic Circular Orbits is the describes of Spin-Gravity Interaction.
Spin-Gravity Interaction is the describes of General Relativistic Dirac Equation.
General Relativistic Dirac Equation is the describes of Fermion'S Interaction.
Fermion'S Interaction is the describes of Strong Gravitational Field.
Sec. 2 is the describes of Mpd Equations.
Sec. 4 is the describes of Computer Integration.
Computer Integration is the describes of Nongeodesic Motions.
Nongeodesic Motions is the describes of Radial Coordinate.
Radial Coordinate is the describes of Photon Circular Orbits.
Photon Circular Orbits is the describes of Counter-Rotation.
Mpd Equations is the describes of Spin 3-Vector.
Spin 3-Vector is the describes of 4-Tensor.
4-Tensor is the describes of Determinant.
4-Tensor is the describes of Levi-Civita Symbol.
Spin 3-Vector Component is the describes of Constant Of Integration.
Equatorial Motions is the describes of Motion Plane.
Equatorial Orbits is the describes of Geodesic Equations.
Geodesic Equations is the describes of Algebraic Relationship.
Algebraic Relationship is the describes of Velocity.
Algebraic Relationship is the describes of Radial Coordinate.
Velocity is the describes of Energy.
Radial Coordinate is the describes of Energy.
Energy is the describes of Angular Momentum.
Circular Orbits is the describes of Conserved Values.
Conserved Values is the describes of Energy.
Conserved Values is the describes of Angular Momentum.
Circular Orbits is the describes of Analytic Perturbation Approach.
Analytic Perturbation Approach is the describes of Rigorous Mpd Equations.
Rigorous Mpd Equations is the describes of Schwarzschild'S Field.
Spinning Particle is the field of Schwarzschild S Field.
Spinning Particle is the spacetime of Kerr Spacetime.
Computer is the utilization of Spinning Particle.
Relativistic Lorentz-Factor corresponds Spinning Particle Motion.
Spinning Particle Motion is the within the framework of of Test-Particle Approximation.
Test-Particle Approximation moves Macroscopic Test Particle.
Macroscopic Test Particle is the with of Massive Body.
Relativistic Lorentz-Factor is the usual in of Astrophysics.
Electron is the equal to of Black Hole.
Electron is the of order of Relativistic Lorentz-Factor.
Neutrino is the with of Mass.
Neutrino expects Effect.
Highly Relativistic Particles is the significant of Space Separation.
Highly Relativistic Particles is the with of Different Orientation Of Spin.
Effects is the exhibit the of Spin-Gravity Interaction.
Spin is the of of Gravity.
Spin is the correlation of signs of of Particle'S Orbital Velocity.
Spin is the acts as an of Interaction.
Last Case is the beyond the validity of of Linear Spin Approximation.
Nonlinear Spin Effects is the will be of Investigated.
Mpd Equations accords Nongeodesic Orbits.
Spinning Particle is the exist for of Relativistic Lorentz-Factor.
Spinning Particle is the wider than of Space Region.
Spinning Particle is the of the particle 's coordinates in of Initial Values.
Spinning Particle is the a kerr spacetime than of Kerr Spacetime.
Corresponding Calculations bes Complicated.