Feshbach Resonance tunes Two-Body Scattering Length.
Two-Body Scattering Length is the leads to of Unitary Regime.
Unitary Regime characterizes Simple Universal Laws.
Weakly Interacting Dilute Bose Gas is the becomes of Unstable Gas-Like State.
Two-Body Scattering Length is the leads to of Efimov Effect.
Efimov Effect appears Quantum Three-Body System.
Quantum Three-Body System appears Series Of Weakly Bound And Spatially Extended States.
Helium Trimer claims First Excited State.
Helium Trimer is the theoretically claimed as of Efimov State.
Ultracold Gases observes Efimov Phenomena.
Efimov Phenomena is the draws interest in of Study Of Universality In Few-Body Quantum Systems.
Study Of Universality In Few-Body Quantum Systems is the predicts of Prediction Of Universality Of The System.
Bosonic Cluster State haves Efimov Character.
Bosonic Cluster State is the study of of Universal Properties.
Bosonic Cluster State is the exhaustive study of of Large Scattering Length.
Bosonic Cluster State is the necessitates further study of Large Scattering Length.
Bosonic Cluster State interacts Van Der Waals Interaction.
Bosonic Cluster State creates Weakly Bound Molecules.
Weakly Interacting Dilute Systems appears Efimov State.
Many-Body Hamiltonian discusss Numerical Calculation.
Numerical Calculation is the considers of Results.
Results is the exhibits of Signature Of Universal Cluster States With Efimov Character.
Results is the concludes with of Summary.
Numerical Calculation solves Many-Body Schrödinger Equation.
Numerical Calculation applys Potential Harmonic Expansion Method (Phem).
Potential Harmonic Expansion Method (Phem) uses Properties Of Bose-Einstein Condensate.
Potential Harmonic Expansion Method (Phem) uses Atomic Clusters.
Potential Harmonic Expansion Method (Phem) describes Described In Detail In Earlier Works.
Numerical Calculation is the considers of System Of Atoms.
System Of Atoms interacts Two-Body Potential.
Two-Body Potential gives Hamiltonian Of The System.
System Of Atoms is the eliminates of Center Of Mass Motion.
Center Of Mass Motion is the decomposes into of Relative Motion Of The Particles.
System Of Atoms defines Jacobi Coordinates.
Jacobi Coordinates obtains Hamiltonian For The Relative Motion Of The Atoms.
Jacobi Coordinates constitutes Hyperspherical Harmonic Expansion Method (Hhem).
Hyperspherical Harmonic Expansion Method (Hhem) includes Ab-Initio Complete Many-Body Approach.
Hyperspherical Harmonic Expansion Method (Hhem) is the not suitable for of Not Suitable For Large Diffuse Atomic Clusters.
System Of Atoms includes Two-Body Correlation.
Two-Body Correlation comes Two-Body Interaction.
Two-Body Correlation is the function of of Two-Body Separation.
Two-Body Correlation is the function of of Global Variable.
Two-Body Correlation is the satisfies of Faddeev Equation.
Faddeev Equation is the leads to of Original Schrödinger Equation.
Two-Body Correlation is the symmetric under of Exchange Operator.
Two-Body Correlation expands Faddeev Component.
Faddeev Component expands Potential Harmonics.
Potential Harmonics is the subset of of Hyperspherical Harmonic Basis.
Potential Harmonics solves Hyperradial Motion.
Hyperradial Motion obtains Effective Potential.
Hyperradial Motion obtains Energy And Wave Function.
Pair-Correlation Function analyzes Cluster States.
Pair-Correlation Function calculates Pair Of Particles.
Pair-Correlation Function determines Relative Separation.
Pair-Correlation Function presents Unitarity.
Pair-Correlation Function plays Interatomic Interaction.
Pair-Correlation Function is the effect of repulsion of Hard Core Repulsion.
Pair-Correlation Function is the zero for smaller than of Hard Core Radius.
Pair-Correlation Function calculates Many-Body Wave Function.
Pair-Correlation Function is the excludes integration over of Hypervolume.
Position shifts Pair-Correlation Function.
Position is the with increase in of Increase.
Position is the reduces of Peak Height.
Correlation Function is the not observing of Structure.
Trimer is the well understood of Universal Behaviours.
Larger Systems requires Investigation.
Tjon Line is the linearly correlated of Energies.
Tjon Line maintains Two-Parameter Relation.
Tjon Line is the approximate linear fitting of Energy Ratio.
Tjon Line is the decreases gradually of Values.
Tjon Line summarizes Fitting Parameters.
Tjon Line relates Universal Properties.
Bc is the acknowledges of University Of South Africa.
Bc is the acknowledges of Financial Support.
Bc is the acknowledges of Dst (India).