Universe is the contains of Dark Energy.
Cosmologists is the study of Dark Energy.
Universe is the enters of Accelerated Expansion.
Dark Energy is the simplest form of of Cosmological Constant.
Theorists looks Late-Time Inflationary Period.
Late-Time Inflationary Period is the responsible for of Quintessence.
Quintessence is the unify of Inflation.
Quintessence reheats Curvaton Field.
String Theories is the contain of Moduli Fields.
Moduli Fields is the provide of Curvaton Field.
Kination is the scales as of Density.
Kination is the oblivious of of Scalar Field.
Scalar Field is the determines of Potential.
Kination is the dominates of Decay Products.
Decay Products is the determines of Curvaton Field.
Kination is the corresponds to of Reheating.
Reheating is the occurs at of Reheating Temperature.
Reheating is the at of Hubble Parameter.
Rolling Scalar Field is the subject to of Cosmological Friction.
Rolling Scalar Field is the freezes at of Value.
Value is the depends on of Density.
Density is the determines of Curvaton Physics.
Modulus is the plays role of of Quintessence.
Modulus is the remains frozen at of Density.
Density approachs Density.
Density is the asymptotically freezes at of Kinetic Domination.
Density is the larger than of Value.
Modulus is the around of Oscillates.
Oscillates is the results in of Attractor Solution.
Attractor Solution dos Acceleration.
Attractor Solution dos Acceleration.
Attractor Solution is the causes of Brief Accelerated Expansion Period.
Attractor Solution is the corresponds to of Range.
Range is the confirms of Brief Acceleration.
Range is the explains of Observations.
Observations is the at least up to of Range.
Observations interprets Data.
Data believes Priors.
Data bes Case.
Quintessential Inflation bes Inflaton.
Inflaton is the as of String Modulus.
String Modulus is the rolls down of Runaway Potential.
String Modulus is the causes of Inflation.
String Modulus is the due to of Enhanced Symmetry Point.
Enhanced Symmetry Point is the traps of Modulus.
Modulus is the creates of Locally Flat Region.
Locally Flat Region is the can slow-roll of Modulus.
Modulus provides Parameter Space.
Parameter Space is the for of Successful Inflation.
Trapping is the assimilates of Initial Conditions.
Initial Conditions is the avoids of Overshooting.
Modulus is the causes of Kinetically Dominated.
Kinetically Dominated is the results in of Period.
Reheating is the due to of Universe.
Universe is the domination by of Decay Products.
Decay Products is the accounts for of Curvaton Field.
Curvaton Field is the corrects of Amplitude.
Curvaton Field is the in of Curvature Perturbations.
Hot Big Bang is the freezes and remains constant until of Modulus.
Modulus is the begins to dominate today of Frozen.
Frozen bes Potential.
Potential is the begins to dominate today of Uplift Term.
Uplift Term is the leads to of Density.
Density is the results in of Late Inflation.
Curvaton Physics is the fixes of Reheating Temperature.
Curvaton Physics is the determines of Frozen Modulus.
Curvaton Physics is the determines of Density Scale.
Coincidence requires Bbn.
Bbn is the on of Constraints.
Constraints is the allow realistic values of Density.
Density is the less than of Fine-Tunned.
Cosmological Constant is the in of Cdm Model.
Juan C. Bueno Sánchez supports Eu Marie Curie Research And Training Network Universenet.
Eu Marie Curie Research And Training Network Universenet supports Mrtn-Ct-2006-035863.
Pparc supports Pp/D000394/1.
Royal Society supports Idm2006 Conference.