Galaxies is the building blocks of Ionizing Sources.
Galaxies is the building blocks of Local Galaxies.
Galaxies is the building blocks of Leading Candidate Of Ionizing Sources.
Galaxies is the characteristics of Distant Objects.
Galaxies is the characteristics of Less Massive Systems.
Ultra Deep Surveys is the requirement of Necessary For Observing Galaxies.
Wfc3 is the detection technique of Detected Many Galaxy Candidates.
Gravitational Lensing is the detection technique of Discovered Intrinsically Fainter Galaxy Candidates.
Spectroscopic Surveys is the purpose of Confirm Spectroscopic Redshift Of Galaxies.
Spectroscopic Surveys is the observational result of Revealed Fraction Of Galaxies With Detectable Emission.
Neutral Hydrogen is the effect of Significant Lyman Alpha Attenuation.
Neutral Hydrogen is the characteristic of High Neutral Fraction Before Cosmic Reionization.
[C Ii] Line is the characteristic of Brightest Line In The Far-Infrared Region.
[C Ii] Line is the observational result of Detected In Many Qsos And Submm Galaxies.
[C Ii] Line is the observational result of Discovered In High-@Xmath11 Lbgs.
[C Ii] Line is the observational result of Failed To Detect In High-@Xmath11 Laes.
[C Ii] Line is the characteristic of Thought To Be Originated From Photo-Dissociation Regions.
[O Iii] Line is the characteristic of Potentially The Best Line To Measure Redshifts.
[O Iii] Line is the comparison of Simpler To Model Than [C Ii] Line.
[O Iii] Line is the observational result of Covered By Alma Band 7.
[O Ii] Line is the observational result of Discovered In Uv To Optical Region Emitters.
[C Iii] Line is the observational result of Detected In High-@Xmath11 Galaxies.
[C Iv] Line is the observational result of Detected In Galaxy Confirmed By Lyman Alpha Emission.
[He Ii] Line is the observational result of Found In Laes.
[He Ii] Line is the discussion topic of Source Of Debate.
Pop Iii Stars is the hypothesis of Suggested As Source Of He Ii Emission.
Pop Iii Stars is the hypothesis of Suggested As Source Of Metal-Free Stars.
Direct Collapse Black Hole is the hypothesis of Suggested As Source Of He Ii Emission.
Gas Metallicity is the purpose of Studied For Understanding Metal Enrichment.
Radiation Field Strength is the purpose of Studied For Understanding Physical Properties.
Gas Density is the purpose of Studied For Understanding Physical Properties.
Spectral Energy Distribution (Sed) is the calculation method of Calculated With Photo-Ionisation Code Cloudy.
Cosmological Hydrodynamical Simulation is the purpose of Used For Studying High-@Xmath11 Galaxies.
Tree-Pm Smoothed Particle Hydrodynamics (Sph) Code Gadget-3 is the relation of Successor Of Gadget-2.
Star Formation is the implementation of Implemented In Galaxy Formation Processes.
Supernova (Sn) Feedback is the implementation of Implemented In Galaxy Formation Processes.
Chemical Enrichment is the implementation of Implemented In Galaxy Formation Processes.
Radiation Pressure is the implementation of Implemented In Galaxy Formation Processes.
Agn Feedback is the implementation of Implemented In Galaxy Formation Processes.
Stellar Mass Functions (Smfs) is the result of Reproduced In Simulation.
Cosmic Star Formation History is the result of Reproduced In Simulation.
Galaxy Downsizing is the result of Reproduced In Simulation.
Stellar Mass And Metallicity Relation is the result of Reproduced In Simulation.
Friends-Of-Friends (Fof) Group Finder is the method of Used For Identifying Simulated Galaxies.
Subfind Algorithm is the method of Used For Identifying Substructures In Fof Groups.
Dark Matter is the characteristic of Particle Type In Simulation.
Gas Particles is the characteristic of Particle Type In Simulation.
Stellar Mass Function (Smf) is the comparison of Compared With Observational Data.
Population Synthesis Code Pgase2 is the method of Used For Calculating Seds.
Nebular Continuum is the inclusion of Included In Sed Calculations.
Hydrogen Recombination Lines is the inclusion of Included In Sed Calculations.
H Ii Regions is the characteristic of Source Of Metal Lines.
Photo-Ionization Code Cloudy is the method of Used For Calculating Line Luminosity.
Stellar Population Synthesis Model is the correlation of Lyman Continuum Photon Production Efficiency.
Stellar Population Synthesis Model is the comparison of Pgase2.
Stellar Population Synthesis Model is the comparison of Starburst99.
Stellar Population Synthesis Model is the comparison of Maraston.
Stellar Population Synthesis Model is the comparison of Bc03.
Stellar Population Synthesis Model is the comparison of Bpass/Binary.
Dust Attenuation is the adoption of Calzetti Law.
Dust Attenuation is the calculation of Escape Probability Of Uv Photons.
Dust Attenuation is the application of Sandwich Model.
Optical Depth is the calculation of Dust Grains.
Dust Surface Density is the proportionality of Dust Mass.
Dust Surface Density is the proportionality of Effective Radius.
Dust Surface Density is the proportionality of Metal Mass.
Dust Surface Density is the proportionality of Stellar Mass Radius.
Dust Surface Density is the proportionality of Dust Mass.
Uv Luminosity Function is the application of Band Magnitudes.
Band Magnitudes is the application of Igm Absorption.
Dust Thermal Emission is the conversion of Monochromatic Luminosity.
Dust Thermal Emission is the description of Absorption Coefficient.
Dust Thermal Emission is the description of Dust Grain Temperature.
Metal Enrichment is the conversion of Dust Mass.
Absorption Coefficient is the description of Dust Grain Temperature.
Uv Slope is the inclusion of Radiation Pressure.
Uv Slope is the inclusion of Agn Feedback.
Uv Slope is the inclusion of Sn Feedback.
Line Emissivities is the proportionality of Gas Metallicity.
Line Emissivities is the proportionality of Solar Metallicity.
Nebular Metallicity is the proportionality of Stellar Mass.
Nebular Metallicity is the definition of Metallicity.
Hydrogen Recombination Lines is the description of H-Index.
Hydrogen Recombination Lines is the description of N2 Index.
Hydrogen Recombination Lines is the description of O3N2 Index.
Ne Iii is the comparison of O Ii.
Ne Iii is the description of R23-Index.
N2 is the comparison of O3N2.
Vlt/X-Shooter is the detection of Emission Lines.
Keck/Mosfire is the detection of Emission Lines.
Galaxies haves Band Magnitude.
Band Magnitude is the detectable by of Telescopes.
Telescopes is the currently used by of Vlt/X-Shooter.
Telescopes is the currently used by of Keck/Mosfire.
Xcite detects Lines.
Lines is the from of Galaxies.
Detections is the consistent with of Predictions.
Important Lines is the detectable with of Jwst/Nirspec.
Important Lines is the detectable with of Jwst/Miri.
Important Lines is the detectable with of Tmt/Irms.
Band Magnitude is the brighter than of Jwst/Nirspec.
Band Magnitude is the brighter than of 28 Mag.
C Iv is the detectable by of Jwst/Nirspec.
C Iii is the detectable by of Jwst/Nirspec.
C Iv is the detectable by of Tmt/Irms.
C Iii is the detectable by of Tmt/Irms.
Galaxies satisfys Band Magnitude.
Galaxies satisfys K Band Magnitude.
Redshift Evolution is the weak of Line Flux K Band Magnitude Relation.
C Iv is the detectable by of Jwst/Nirspec.
C Iii is the detectable by of Jwst/Nirspec.
C Iv is the detectable by of Tmt/Irms.
C Iii is the detectable by of Tmt/Irms.
Few Galaxies is the exceed of Detection Limit.
Future Telescopes is the limit of Small Fov Simulation.
Jwst is the detect of Emission Lines.
Tmt is the detect of Emission Lines.
Galaxies is the with of Ab Mag.
Redshift is the any of Galaxies.
Survey is the combination with of Gravitational Lensing.
Survey is the combination with of Gmt.
Survey is the combination with of Tmt.
Survey is the combination with of Jwst.
Survey is the study of Higher-K.
Higher-K is the way to study of Line Emitting Galaxies.
Referee is the provide of Constructive Comments.
Tohru Nagao is the provide of Helpful Discussion.
Numerical Simulations is the perform with of Cray Xc30.
Numerical Simulations is the perform with of Cfca At Naoj.
Numerical Simulations is the perform with of Coma Cluster.
Coma Cluster is the at of Centre For Computational Sciences In University Of Tsukuba.
Is is the acknowledge of Financial Support.
To is the acknowledge of Financial Support.
Aki is the acknowledge of Financial Support.
Grant-In-Aid For Young Scientists is the provide of Mext.
Japan is the acknowledge of Grant-In-Aid For Young Scientists (A: 23684007).
Aki is the acknowledge of Grant-In-Aid For Scientific Research (B: 26287034).