Light-Front Coordinates is the applies to of Field-Theoretic Problems.
Field-Theoretic Problems is the occurs in of 1 + 1 Dimensions.
Field-Theoretic Problems requires Regularization.
Field-Theoretic Problems requires Renormalization.
Regularization is the uses of Pauli Villars (Pv) Regularization.
Pauli Villars (Pv) Regularization adds Massive Negative-Metric Particles.
Massive Negative-Metric Particles provides Cancellations.
Field-Theoretic Problems requires Supersymmetry.
Field-Theoretic Problems is the mentions of Transverse Lattice Technique.
Field-Theoretic Problems is the mentions of Similarity Transformations.
Field-Theoretic Problems is the uses of Discrete Light-Cone Quantization (Dlcq).
Discrete Light-Cone Quantization (Dlcq) is the imposes of Discrete Momentum Grid.
Discrete Light-Cone Quantization (Dlcq) is the defines of Length Scales.
Discrete Light-Cone Quantization (Dlcq) is the approximates of Integrals.
Discrete Light-Cone Quantization (Dlcq) is the solves of Mass-Squared Eigenvalue Problem.
Discrete Light-Cone Quantization (Dlcq) is the uses of Trapezoidal Sums.
Discrete Light-Cone Quantization (Dlcq) is the exchanges for of Continuum Limit.
Continuum Limit is the exchanges for of Integer Resolution.
Integer Resolution is the measures in of Light-Cone Momentum Fractions.
Supersymmetry haves Supersymmetric Version Of Dlcq (Sdlcq).
Supersymmetric Version Of Dlcq (Sdlcq) is the discretizes of Supercharge.
Supersymmetric Version Of Dlcq (Sdlcq) is the constructs of Hamiltonian.
Supercharge is the derives of Hamiltonian.
Hamiltonian is the equivalent in of Discrete Light-Cone Quantization (Dlcq).
Discrete Light-Cone Quantization (Dlcq) is the generates of Matrix Eigenvalue Problems.
Matrix Eigenvalue Problems is the describes of Large But Sparse.
Matrix Eigenvalue Problems is the uses of Lanczos Algorithm.
Lanczos Algorithm is the causes of Round-Off Error.
Round-Off Error is the results in of Spurious Copies.
Spurious Copies is the affects of Spectrum.
Pv-Regulated Yukawa Theory is the models of Deuteron.
Pv-Regulated Yukawa Theory is the applies to of Quantum Electrodynamics.
Quantum Electrodynamics is the computes of Anomalous Magnetic Moment Of The Electron.
(2 + 1)-Dimensional Sqcd-Cs Theory includes Gauge Boson (Gluons).
(2 + 1)-Dimensional Sqcd-Cs Theory includes Majorana Fermion (Gluinos).
(2 + 1)-Dimensional Sqcd-Cs Theory includes Dirac Fermion (Quarks).
(2 + 1)-Dimensional Sqcd-Cs Theory includes Complex Scalar (Squarks).
(2 + 1)-Dimensional Sqcd-Cs Theory includes Chern-Simons Coupling.
Chern-Simons Coupling is the induces mass of Gauge Boson (Gluons).
Gauge Boson (Gluons) is the reduces formation of Long Strings.
Covariant Derivatives is the defines of Supersymmetry Transformations.
Supersymmetry Transformations is the imposes of Constraints.
Constraints is the applies to of Light-Cone Gauge.
Mode Expansions is the define relation of Creation And Annihilation Operators.
Creation And Annihilation Operators is the obey of Commutation Relations.
Mode Expansions is the obtains of Meson-Like States.
Mode Expansions is the obtains of Glueball States.
Meson-Like States is the can be of Boson Or Fermion.
Glueball States is the can be of Boson Or Fermion.
Meson-Like States is the no mixing of Mixing.
Glueball States is the no mixing of Mixing.
Meson-Like States composes Single Traces.
Glueball States composes Single Traces.
Additional Symmetry is the divides of Even And Odd Numbers Of Gluons.
Even And Odd Numbers Of Gluons is the diagonalizes in of Sector.
Collaboration is the involves of S.J. Brodsky.
Collaboration is the involves of G. Mccartor.
Collaboration is the involves of S.S. Pinsky.
Collaboration is the involves of U. Trittmann.