Instrumentation is the modification of Code Modification.
Instrumentation is the application of Profiling.
Instrumentation is the application of Coverage Analysis.
Instrumentation is the application of Cache Simulations.
Instrumentation is the feature of Automatic Debugging.
Instrumentation is the challenge of Debugging Complex Programs.
Instrumentation is the challenge of Data Race Detection.
Instrumentation is the challenge of Memory Management Checking.
Instrumentation is the property of Static Instrumentation.
Instrumentation is the property of Dynamic Instrumentation.
Static Instrumentation is the tool of Static Instrumentation Tool.
Dynamic Instrumentation is the technique of Dynamic Optimization Techniques.
Dynamic Optimization Techniques is the tool of Dynamic Optimizing Compilers.
Instrumentation is the feature of Hardware Page Protection Facilities.
Hardware Page Protection Facilities is the feature of Processor.
Diota is the platform of Linux/X86 Platform.
Diota is the benchmarks of Javagrande Benchmarks.
Diota is the environment of Java Virtual Machine.
Dynamic Linker is the variable of Ld_Preload Environment Variable.
Shared Library is the instructions of Control-Flow Instructions.
Shared Library is the addresses of Absolute Target Addresses.
Shared Library is the accesses of Data Accesses.
Shared Library is the accesses of Pc-Relative Data Accesses.
Shared Library is the blocks of Instruction Blocks.
Shared Library is the table of Translation Table.
Shared Library is the data structure of Avl Tree.
Shared Library is the data structure of Hash Table.
Shared Library handles Exception Handling.
Elf Binary Format uses Linux Applications.
Elf Binary Format is the permits of Page.
Page is the contains of Code Fragment.
Page is the contains of Data.
Code Fragment is the causes of Page Faults.
Code Fragment requires Comparisons.
Solution is the relates to of Page.
Page marks Read-Only.
Page is the belongs to of Elf Binary Format.
Elf Binary Format loads Standard Libraries.
Execution Speed is the affects of Solution.
Code Fragment instruments Page Faults.
Page Faults is the occurs on of Page.
Data modifys Page Faults.
Table is the shows of Timings.
Tests measures Timings.
Benchmark is the part of of Timings.
Timings measures Cpu Time.
Timings is the part of of Execution.
Timings sorts Slowdown Factor.
Timings divides Protection Faults.
Timings is the number of of Lookups.
Lookups is the higher than of Overhead.
Overhead is the nine times higher than of Protection Faults.
Overhead correlates Page Compares.
Page Compares is the occurs after of Protection Faults.
Page is the unprotected due to of Faults.
Signals is the disable before of Lock.
Lock is the might occur of Deadlock.
Signals requires System Call.
Program is the uses of Signals.
Program is the contains of Self-Modifying Code.
Diota is the disables of Signals.
Diota is the acquires before of Lock.
Diota haves Version.
Version is the disables of Signals.
Method describes Program.
Method is the class of of Programs.
Programs is the uses of Self-Modifying Code.
Programs is the specifically of Java Programs.
Technique is the uses of Page Protection Mechanism.
Optimizations is the limits of Protection Faults.
Optimizations is the reduces of Comparisons.
Optimizations is the reduces of Modifications.
Optimizations is the specifies of Code Regions.
Framework adapts Thread.
Thread gets Clone.