Type Ia Supernovae is the evidence for of Dark Energy.
Cosmic Microwave Background Radiation is the evidence for of Dark Energy.
Large Scale Structure is the evidence for of Dark Energy.
Dark Energy is the simple candidate of Cosmological Constant.
Dark Energy is the model proposed of Quintessence.
Dark Energy is the model proposed of Phantom.
Dark Energy is the model proposed of K-Essence.
Dark Energy is the model proposed of Tachyon.
Dark Energy is the model proposed of Quintom.
Dark Energy is the model proposed of Chaplygin Gas.
Dark Energy is the model proposed of Generalized Chaplygin Gas (Gcg).
Dark Energy is the model proposed of Holographic De.
Dark Energy is the model proposed of New Agegraphic De.
Dark Energy is the model proposed of Ricci De.
Dark Energy is the model proposed of Gravity With Higher Curvature Invariants.
Dark Energy is the explanation of Teleparallel Approach.
Teleparallel Approach is the equivalent theory of Teleparallel Equivalent Of General Relativity (Tegr).
Teleparallel Equivalent Of General Relativity (Tegr) is the model proposed of Power-Law Model By Bengochea And Ferraro.
Teleparallel Equivalent Of General Relativity (Tegr) is the model proposed of Linder Model.
Teleparallel Equivalent Of General Relativity (Tegr) is the model proposed of Exponential Gravity Model By Bamba Et. Al..
Power-Law Model By Bengochea And Ferraro is the not considered of Logarithmic Model.
Power-Law Model By Bengochea And Ferraro is the not considered of Hyperbolic-Tangent Model.
Linder Model is the not considered of Logarithmic Model.
Linder Model is the not considered of Hyperbolic-Tangent Model.
Exponential Gravity Model By Bamba Et. Al. is the not considered of Logarithmic Model.
Exponential Gravity Model By Bamba Et. Al. is the not considered of Hyperbolic-Tangent Model.
Power-Law Model By Bengochea And Ferraro is the implication of Big Bang Nucleosynthesis (Bbn).
Linder Model is the implication of Big Bang Nucleosynthesis (Bbn).
Exponential Gravity Model By Bamba Et. Al. is the implication of Big Bang Nucleosynthesis (Bbn).
General Relativity is the describes of Universe.
General Relativity is the derives of Freeze-Out Temperature.
Freeze-Out Temperature follows Mev.
Freeze-Out Temperature is the leads to of Bounds.
Bounds is the determines of Bbn Constraints.
Bbn Constraints is the impacts of Models.
Models is the uses of Observational Data.
Cmb Temperature is the present value of Cdm Model.
Cdm Model is the investigates of Power Law.
Cdm Model is the investigates of Exponential.
Cdm Model is the investigates of Square-Root Exponential.
Cdm Model is the relates to of Gravity.
Light Elements forms Early Universe.
Bbn bases Primordial Abundance.
Protons is the converts to of Neutrons.
Protons is the interacts with of Leptons.
Neutrons is the interacts with of Leptons.
Leptons is the maintains equilibrium with of Photons.
Weak Interaction Rates is the determines of Neutron Decay.
Neutron Decay is the neglects interaction rate of Bbn.
Neutron Decay is the considers stable of Neutrons.