Semiconductor Devices bases Spintronics.
Spintronics is the proposes to use of Electron Spin.
Spintronics is the proposes to use of Charge Degree Of Freedom.
Semiconductors Devices adds Spintronics.
Semiconductors Devices is the relies on of Spin Coherence.
Spin Coherence is the relies on of Spin Dephasing Mechanisms.
Spin Dephasing Mechanisms proposes Elliot-Yafet Mechanism.
Spin Dephasing Mechanisms proposes Dyakonov-Perel Mechanism.
Spin Dephasing Mechanisms proposes Bir-Aronov-Pikus Mechanism.
Spin Dephasing Mechanisms proposes Many-Body Spin Dephasing Mechanism.
Many-Body Spin Dephasing Mechanism causes Inhomogeneous Broadening.
Inhomogeneous Broadening causes Electron-Phonon Scattering.
Inhomogeneous Broadening causes Electron-Nonmagnetic Impurity.
Inhomogeneous Broadening causes Electron-Electron Coulomb Scattering.
Gaas Quantum Wells is the under of Magnetic Fields.
Gaas Quantum Wells is the under of Voigt Configuration.
Inas Quantum Wells is the under of Magnetic Fields.
Inas Quantum Wells composes Rashba Term.
Inas Quantum Wells composes Dresselhaus Term.
Dresselhaus Term is the also known as of Bulk Inversion Asymmetry Term.
Rashba Term is the also known as of Structure Inversion Asymmetry Contribution.
Inas Quantum Wells is the affects of Electric Field.
Kinetic Bloch Equations is the include of Electron Density.
Kinetic Bloch Equations is the include of Spin Polarization.
Kinetic Bloch Equations is the include of Spin Coherence.
Kinetic Bloch Equations is the include of Electron-Phonon Scattering.
Kinetic Bloch Equations is the include of Electron-Impurity Scattering.
Kinetic Bloch Equations is the describe of Spin Precession.
Spin Precession is the between of Spin-Up And -Down Bands.
Spin Precession is the affects of Spin Dephasing Rate.
Inas Quantum Wells is the affects of Interface Electric Field.
Material Parameters is the for calculation of Inas Quantum Wells.
Spin Polarization is the relationship of Effective Magnetic Field.
Spin Polarization is the relationship of Resonance Condition.
Spin Polarization is the relationship of Anomalous Peak.
Impurities is the relationship of Impurity Level.
Temperature is the relationship of Hf Term.
Impurities is the relationship of Anomalous Peak.
Magnetic Field is the relationship of Spin Dephasing.
Magnetic Field is the relationship of Larmor Precession.
Magnetic Field is the relationship of Momentum Space.
Magnetic Field is the relationship of Anisotropic.
Magnetic Field is the relationship of Hf Term.
Magnetic Field is the relationship of Coulomb Scattering.
Impurity Level is the affects of Temperature Region.
Magnetic Field is the enhances of Hf Term.
Magnetic Field is the enhances of Sdt.
Magnetic Field is the precession suppression of Effective Magnetic Field.
Hf Term is the larger polarization requirement of Polarization.
Interface Electric Field is the reduces of Hf Term.
Interface Electric Field is the decreases of Sdt.
Temperature Region is the increases of Sdt.
Temperature Region is the contrary result of Sdt.
Many-Body Spin Dephasing Channel is the spin dephasing cause of Inhomogeneous Broadening.
Rashba Term is the contributes to spin dephasing of Many-Body Spin Dephasing Channel.
Sc Scattering is the contributes to spin dephasing of Many-Body Spin Dephasing Channel.
Temperature Region is the reduces of Inhomogeneous Broadening.
Spin Polarization is the consideration requirement of Hf Term.
Impurity Concentration is the temperature sensitivity of Sdt.
Magnetic Field is the precession cause of Electron Spins.
Magnetic Field is the enhances of Hf Term.
Magnetic Field is the suppression of Rashba Term.
Interface Electric Field is the decreases of Sdt.
Interface Electric Field strengthens Rashba Term.