Gamma-Ray Burst Lightcurves is the contain of Energy Bands.
Gamma-Ray Burst Lightcurves is the contain of Temporal Signatures.
Gamma-Ray Burst Lightcurves is the contain of Spectral Signatures.
Energy Bands is the contain of Temporal Signatures.
Energy Bands is the contain of Spectral Signatures.
Techniques is the involve of Auto- And Crosscorrelations.
Techniques is the involve of Fourier Transforms.
Techniques is the involve of Lightcurve Averaging.
Techniques is the involve of Cross-Fourier Transforms.
Techniques is the involve of Pulse Fitting.
Gamma-Ray Burst Lightcurves is the propose of Linear State Space Models (Lssm).
Linear State Space Models (Lssm) is the study of Autoregressive (Ar) Process.
Autoregressive (Ar) Process is the involve of Observational Noise.
Autoregressive (Ar) Process is the involve of Moving Average.
Autoregressive (Ar) Process is the involve of Arma (Autoregressive, Moving Average) Processes.
Burst Phenomenology is the explore of Physical Processes.
Decay Constants is the compare of Energy Bands.
Decay Constants is the involve of Hard-To-Soft Spectral Evolution.
Time Series is the estimate of Autoregressive (Ar) Process.
Time Series is the estimate of Innovation.
Kolmogorov-Smirnov Test is the determine of Autoregressive (Ar) Process.
Autoregressive (Ar) Process identifys Decay Constants.
Autoregressive (Ar) Process is the involve of Noise.
Autoregressive (Ar) Process is the use of Expectation-Maximization Algorithm.
Gamma-Ray Bursts is the extract of Batse Lad Discriminator Lightcurves.
Batse Lad Discriminator Lightcurves is the extract of Discsc.
Batse Lad Discriminator Lightcurves is the extract of Preb.
Batse Lad Discriminator Lightcurves is the extract of Discla.
Batse Lad Discriminator Lightcurves haves Resolution.
Energy Ranges is the define of Batse Lad Discriminator Lightcurves.
Batse Lad Discriminator Lightcurves is the result in of Lightcurves.
Lightcurves is the model with of Autoregressive (Ar) Process.
Lightcurves is the model with of Decay Constants.
Lightcurves is the show of Preference.
Chernenko is the found of Exponential Response.
Relaxation Time Constants is the present of Gamma-Ray Bursts.
Relaxation Time Constants is the present of Average.
Relaxation Time Constants is the compare of Energy.
Residuals is the smaller than of Model.
Residuals is the consistent with of Fluctuations.
Residuals is the increase with of Count Rate.
Amplitude is the increase with of Residuals.
Band S Gamma-Ray Burst Research supports Cgro Guest Investigator Program.
Band S Gamma-Ray Burst Research supports Nasa Contract Nas8-36081.
References is the cite of Chernenko.
References is the cite of Shaviv.
References is the cite of Mitrofanov.
References is the cite of Kouveliotou.
References is the cite of Norris.
References is the cite of Scargle.
References is the cite of Ford.
References is the cite of Fenimore.
References is the cite of Honerkamp.
References is the cite of Knig.
References is the cite of Timmer.
References is the cite of Hurley.