Accretion Disks is the exist in of Kerr Black Holes.
Accretion Disks is the exist in of Active Galactic Nuclei.
Accretion Disks is the exist in of Stellar Binary Systems.
Particles is the balance with of Centrifugal Force.
Particles is the balance with of Gravity.
Particles attracts Kerr Black Holes.
Particles is the affects of Torque.
Magnetic Fields is the affects of Viscous Torque.
Magnetic Fields is the transports of Angular Momentum.
Plasma Fluid is the frozen to of Magnetic Field.
Magnetic Field is the frozen to of Plasma Fluid.
Magnetic Field is the affects of Evolution.
Magnetohydrodynamics (Mhd) is the improves understanding of Simulation.
Fluid is the causes of Shear Rotation.
Fluid is the results in of Radial Velocity.
Amplification Effect is the manifestation of of Small Values.
Amplification Effect is the causes of Shear Rotation.
Fluid is the obtains of Radial Velocity.
Boundary Conditions satisfys Black Hole.
Non-Stationary Solutions is the specify of Boundary Conditions.
Magnetic Field is the evolution in of Plunging Region.
Magnetic Field is the depends on of Boundary Condition.
Magnetic Field determines Mhd Processes.
Magnetic Field solves Disk Region.
Magnetic Field Lines winds Fluid.
Magnetic Field is the parallel to of Velocity Field.
Magnetic Field is the choose sensible of Boundary Condition.
Magnetic Field is the affects dynamical effects of Boundary Condition.
Magnetic Field determines Boundary Condition.
Electric Field measures Observer.
Kinematic Approximation adopts Magnetic Fields.
Kinematic Approximation justifys Stationary State.
Stationary State studys Magnetic Fields.
Magnetic Fields is the affects motion of of Fluid Particles.
Maxwell'S Equations is the solutions used in dynamical equations of Fluid Particles.
Fluid Particles is the move on of Geodesics.
Mass Density appears Fluid Particles.
Magnetic Fields is the orientation affects motion of Fluid Particles.
Boundary Condition is the boundary condition affects calculations of Fluid Particles.
Boundary Condition is the allows smooth transition of Plunging Region.
Viscosity is the plays role in dynamics of Disk Particles.
Disk Particles is the move on non-geodesic worldlines of Viscosity.
Gravity balances Disk Particles.
Pressure is the balances gravity in disk of Disk Particles.
Cylindrical Coordinates is the suitable for motion description of Disk Particles.
Kerr Metric writes Cylindrical Coordinates.
Kerr Black Hole is the corresponds to of Marginally Stable Circular Orbit.
Kerr Black Hole is the corresponds to of Horizon Of The Black Hole.
Mass Density is the in units of of Marginally Stable Circular Orbit.
Ratio is the in units of of Marginally Stable Circular Orbit.
Specific Angular Momentum is the approaches of Event Horizon.
Magnetic Field is the parallel to of Velocity Field.
Specific Energy is the equal to of Marginally Stable Circular Orbit.
Magnetic Field specifys Horizon Of The Black Hole.