Disk Galaxies is the essential for of Interstellar Dust.
Disk Galaxies is the reason for of Modeling Difficulty.
Interstellar Dust is the affects of Radiative Transfer Models.
Radiative Transfer Models is the enables recovery of of Three-Dimensional Light And Dust Distribution.
Kinematics affects Dust Obscuration.
Baes Et Al. is the outlines of Investigation Technique.
Baes Et Al. is the investigates of Effects Of Dust Extinction On Projected Velocity And Velocity Dispersion.
Galaxy Model is the consists of of Double Exponential Disk And De Vaucouleurs Bulge.
Galaxy Model is the constructs of Dynamical Model.
Galaxy Model adds Dust Disk.
Potential gives Flat Rotation Curve And Halo-Disk Structure.
Potential uses Quadratic Programming Modelling Procedure.
Quadratic Programming Modelling Procedure is the constructs of Two-Integral Distribution Function.
Two-Integral Distribution Function bes Consistent With Light Density.
Dust Disk is the calculates for of Affects Projected Velocity And Velocity Dispersion.
Dust Disk is the calculates for of Various Values Of Inclination And Optical Depth.
Inclination is the dependent on of Effects Of Dust Extinction On Velocity And Velocity Dispersion.
Solid Body Rotation is the tends to of Apparent In Edge-On Galaxies.
Velocity Ellipsoid is the shows different of Projections In Intermediately Inclined Disks.
Deprojection Techniques is the uses to determine of Three-Dimensional Light Distribution.
Fit is the input for of Light Density And Projected Kinematics.
Fit is the compares of Different Models.
Fit uses Goodness Of Fit.
Velocity Field is the analyzes of Behaviour Of Velocity Ellipsoid.
Mechanism is the responsible for of Dynamical History Of The Disk.
Jenkins & Binney studys Mechanism Responsible For Dynamical History Of The Disk.
Gerssen Et Al. studys Mechanism Responsible For Dynamical History Of The Disk.
Alton P.B. is the compares with of Fir/Submm Emission.
Bianchi S. is the compares with of Galactic Extinction Curve.
Davies J. is the compares with of Galactic Extinction Curve.
Baes M. is the consistent with of Light Distribution.
Dejonghe H. is the determines potentials for of Fit.
Dejonghe H. is the constructs for of Three-Integral Model.
Dejonghe H. is the constrains of Set Of Possible Potentials.
Dejonghe H. is the reveals of Mass Distribution In The Galaxy.
Gerssen J. is the analyzes of Velocity Field.
Gerssen J. is the studies of Behaviour Of Velocity Ellipsoid.