Electron is the interaction of Phonon.
Superconductivity is the interaction of Phonon.
Oxygen Isotope Effect is the discovery of Bisrcacuo.
Bisrcacuo is the observation of Angle-Resolved Photoemission Spectra.
Electronic Band shifts Oxygen Isotope Effect.
Cuprates is the interplay of Phonon.
Experimental Data is the show shift of Electronic Band.
Two Groups is the report inconsistent shifts of Refs.
Path-Integral Theory is the calculate of Photoemission Spectra.
Path-Integral Theory is the applicable of Cuprate Superconductors.
Path-Integral Theory is the study of Boron-Doped Diamond.
Boron-Doped Diamond is the undergoes of Semiconductor-Metal Phase Transition.
Cuo Plane modulates Electronic Transfer.
Oxygen Atoms is the vibration between of Cu Sites.
Hamiltonian is the include of Electron-Electron Repulsion.
Hamiltonian is the include of Off-Diagonal Coupling.
Hamiltonian is the include of Oxygen Phonon.
Hamiltonian is the include of Mass Change Factor.
Hamiltonian is the include of Coordinate Operator.
Hopping Integral is the expand to second order terms of Phonon Displacements.
Hopping Integral is the include of Off-Diagonal Coupling Constant.
Path-Integral Theory develops Electron-Electron Interactions.
Path-Integral Theory develops Electron-Phonon Interactions.
Path-Integral Theory applys Trotter'S Decoupling Formula.
Boltzmann Operator is the rewrite into of Path-Integral Form.
Hubbard-Stratonovitch Transformation is the decouple of Two-Body Parts.
Green'S Function is the evaluate by quantum monte carlo of Path-Integral.
Momentum is the calculate fourier component of Outgoing Photo-Electron.
Band Gap Insulator is the show transition of Superconductivity.
Impurity applys Holstein Model.
Disorder is the include of Impurity.
Phonon Energy is the include of Holstein Model.
Hamiltonian is the include of Electron-Phonon Coupling Constant.
Hamiltonian is the include of Electron Number.
Many-Impurity-Holstein Model is the include of Disorder.
Many-Impurity-Holstein Model is the include of Electron-Phonon Coupling Constant.
Many-Impurity-Holstein Model is the derive of Spectral Density.
Fermi Level is the close activation gap of Many-Impurity-Holstein Model.
Fermi Edge is the observe of Many-Impurity-Holstein Model.
Many-Impurity-Holstein Model is the co-existence of Fermi Edge.
Many-Impurity-Holstein Model applys Path-Integral Theory.
Green'S Function is the evaluate of Qmc Simulation Method.
Green'S Function is the average over all sites of Site-Dependent.
Photoemission Spectral Function is the reproduce of Fermi Level.
Fermi-Dirac Function imposes Photoemission Spectral Function.
Pes Intensity is the compare of Experimental Data.
Impurity Band is the contributes to of Doped Sites.
Fermi Edge observes Whole System Pes.
Phonon Side Peak arouses Multi-Phonon Processes.
Step-Like Structure affirms Whole System Pes.
Path-Integral Theory develops Calculate The Pes.
Correlated Many-Electron Systems investigates Arpes.
Isotopic Shift investigates Bi2212.
Arpes includes Off-Diagonal Quadratic Interactions.
Off-Diagonal Quadratic Interactions includes Isotopic Shift.
Path-Integral Theory applys Mih Model.
Doped Cubic Lattice is the clarifies of Spectral Properties.
Semiconductor-Metal Phase Transition takes Increases Of @Xmath2-Ph Coupling.
Fermi Edge is the indicates of Bdd.
Phonon Step-Like Structure is the indicates of Bdd.
Electron Itineracy is the co-existence in of Bdd.
Electron Localization is the co-existence in of Bdd.