Stars is the formation of Gas.
Gas is the formation of Molecular Clouds.
Molecular Clouds is the structure of Clumps.
Clumps is the occurrence of Emission.
Molecular Clouds is the governance of Turbulence.
Molecular Clouds is the structure of Consensus.
Population is the spectrum of Mass.
Mass is the distribution of Cloud.
Cloud is the impact of Gravitational Collapse.
Compact Continuum Clumps is the comparison of Initial Mass Function Of Stars.
Initial Mass Function Of Stars is the comparison of Imf.
Imf is the comparison of Salpeter Power Law.
Salpeter Power Law is the comparison of Co Clumps.
Co Clumps is the impact of Incompleteness.
Mass is the exclusion of Dynamical Interactions.
Source-Finding Techniques is the utilization of Automated Algorithms.
Automated Algorithms is the comparison of Clfind.
Automated Algorithms is the comparison of Gaussclumps.
Clumps is the containment of Protostellar.
Clumps is the containment of Starless.
Starless is the formation of Prestellar.
Sub-Set Of The Scuba Data is the investigation of Kinematics.
Scuba 850 Data is the comparison of Harp Spectral-Line Data.
Regions is the variation of Noise Level.
Beam Size is the comparison of Rms Noise Level.
Continuum Mapping is the selection of Young Stellar Objects.
Young Stellar Objects traces Thermal Emission.
Thermal Emission is the accuracy of Density.
Clumpfind is the comparison of Clean Algorithms.
Clean Algorithms is the control of Tuning Parameters.
Tuning Parameters is the rejection of Spurious Detections.
Populations Of Clumps is the comparison of Parameters.
Parameters is the definition of Contour Level.
Parameters is the definition of Clump Peak Threshold.
Clump Peak Threshold is the comparison of Beamsize.
Pixels is the allocation of Friend-Of-Friends Algorithm.
Gaussclumps is the utilization of Least-Squares Fitting Procedure.
Algorithm Selection is the decision of True Underlying Clump Population.
True Underlying Clump Population is the evaluation of Monte-Carlo Simulations.
Clfind'S Output tunes Value.
Value is the comparison of Beam Size.
Model Fit is the application of Idl Implementation Of Clfind.
Idl Implementation Of Clfind is the utilization of Unsharp Mask.
Clump Flux Position is the measurement of Clump Effective Radius.
Clump Effective Radius is the measurement of Clump Peak Flux.
Clump Peak Flux is the measurement of Clump Total Flux.
Clump Total Flux is the calculation of Clump Mass.