Intriguing Discrepancy is the discrepancy of Categorical Logic.
Categorical Logic couples Conjunction.
Categorical Logic couples Implication.
Cartesian Closed Categories couples Conjunction.
Cartesian Closed Categories couples Implication.
Cartesian Closed Categories is the induces of Adjunction.
Cartesian Closed Categories is the contrast with of Existential Quantification.
Cartesian Closed Categories is the contrast with of Universal Quantification.
Hyperdoctrines couples Existential Quantification.
Hyperdoctrines couples Universal Quantification.
Hyperdoctrines is the induces of Adjunction.
Hyperdoctrines is the in of Base Category.
Hyperdoctrines is the in of Small Categories.
Hyperdoctrines is the in of Functors.
Subset Hyperdoctrine is the in of Sets.
Subset Hyperdoctrine equips Powerset Functor.
Subset Hyperdoctrine is the in of Presheaf Category.
Presheaves Over Groupoids is the example of of Presheaf Hyperdoctrine.
Presheaves Over Groupoids describes Equality.
Presheaves Over Groupoids relys Frobenius Reciprocity.
Presheaves Over Groupoids relys Beck-Chevalley Conditions.
Linear Logic inspires Cartesian Closed Categories.
Linear Logic is the shift to of Symmetric Monoidal Closed Category.
Linear Logic is the shift to of Compact Closed Category.
Linear Logic is the usage of of Embedding Functors.
Bifibration is the instance of of Type Refinement System.
Bifibration is the refines of Object.
Bifibration is the derivation of of Typing Judgment.
Bifibration defines Binary Relations.
Subset Bifibration sees Pointed Objects.
Subset Bifibration defines Morphisms.
Subset Bifibration is the construction of of Hyperdoctrine Decomposed Into Two Bifibrations.
Hyperdoctrine Decomposed Into Two Bifibrations decomposes Subset Hyperdoctrine.
Hyperdoctrine Decomposed Into Two Bifibrations decomposes Bifibration.
Canonical is the derivation of Push.
Canonical is the derivation of Pull.
Identity-Type is the definition of Canonical.
Canonical is the interpretation of Geometric Interpretation.
Xmath314 is the relationship of Natural Transformations.
Xmath316 is the yield of Rule.
Xmath317 directs Doublesep.
Xmath318 directs Doublesep.
Xmath319 is the reduction of Doublesep.
Xmath320 is the reduction of Doublesep.
Xmath321 is the recovery of Dualities.
Subset Hyperdoctrine is the traditionally seen as of Intuitionistic.
Presheaf Hyperdoctrine is the traditionally seen as of Intuitionistic.
Xmath321 is the explanation of Six Principles.
Xmath322 is the possess of Finite Products.
Xmath322 is the possess of Coproducts.
Xmath322 is the construct of Categories.
Xmath322 is the construct of Categories.
Xmath324 is the objects of Finite Sets.
Xmath324 defines Functors.
Xmath324 defines Composition.
Xmath325 defines Functors.
Xmath325 defines Composition.
Xmath330 is the objects of Matrices.
Xmath330 is the objects of Matrices.
Xmath330 is the objects of Matrices.
Xmath330 is the objects of Matrices.
Xmath330 is the objects of Matrices.
Xmath330 is the objects of Matrices.
Xmath330 is the objects of Matrices.
Xmath330 is the objects of Matrices.
Xmath331 is the alternatively seen as of Matrices.
Xmath331 is the alternatively seen as of Matrices.
Xmath332 is the alternatively seen as of Matrices.
Xmath332 is the alternatively seen as of Matrices.
Xmath17 is the consisting of of Matrix.
Xmath17 is the consisting of of Natural Transformation.
Xmath218 is the consisting of of Matrix.
Xmath218 is the consisting of of Natural Transformation.
Xmath335 indexs Morphisms.
Xmath335 indexs Morphisms.
Xmath336 is the objects of Matrices.
Xmath336 is the objects of Matrices.
Xmath174 is the consisting of of Matrix.
Xmath174 is the consisting of of Natural Transformation.
Xmath335 indexs Morphisms.
Xmath335 indexs Morphisms.
Xmath339 is the define of Bifibration Chirality.
Xmath340 is the define of Bifibration Chirality.
Xmath341 is the transport of Matrices.
Xmath343 transports Finite Set.
Xmath344 transports Morphism.
Xmath345 transports Morphism.
Xmath346 applys Pointwise Negation.
Xmath348 is the define of Pointwise Negation.
Xmath162 is the existence of Natural Bijection.
Xmath37 is the existential of Quantification.
Xmath352 is the universal of Quantification.
Xmath52 is the enable of Formulas.
Xmath52 is the enable of Formulas.
Xmath162 is the recover of Principles.
Jean Bnabou takes Notes.
Jean Bnabou is the at of Tu Darmstadt.
Lars Birkedal publishs Linear Abadi & Plotkin Logic.
Geraldine Brady is the calculus for of Predicate Logic.
Masahito Hasegawa is the for of Logical Predicates.
Paul-Andr Mellis bes Type Refinement Systems.
Paul-Andr Mellis is the for of Type Refinement Systems.