Dense Strongly Interacting Matter produces Ultrarelativistic Heavy Ion Collisions.
Experimental Data is the from of Rhic.
Experimental Data is the from of Lhc.
Primordial Quark-Gluon Matter describes Hydrodynamical Expansion.
Primordial Quark-Gluon Matter is the reaches of Local Equilibration.
Primordial Quark-Gluon Matter is the features suggest of Elliptic Flow.
Primordial Quark-Gluon Matter is the anomalously low viscosity of Shear Viscosity.
Primordial Quark-Gluon Matter describes Plasma.
Plasma composes Quasiparticles.
Plasma considers Turbulent Plasma.
Shear Viscosity Of Turbulent Qgp demonstrates Turbulent Plasma.
Polarization Properties Of Turbulent Relativistic Plasma studys Turbulent Plasma.
Abelian Case is the consideration restricted to of Turbulent Plasma.
Collisionless Vlasov Approximation is the properties defined by of Plasma.
Stochastic Ensemble Of Turbulent Fields assumes Plasma.
Polarization Tensor is the arises as response to of Turbulent Plasma.
Induced Current induces Polarization Tensor.
Regular Gauge Potential averages Polarization Tensor.
Distribution Function characterizes Plasma.
Hard Thermal Loops (Htl) is the contributions to of Polarization Tensor.
Gradient Expansion is the second order in of Polarization Tensor.
Imaginary Part Of The Polarization Function corresponds Polarization Tensor.
Timelike Domain is the in of Imaginary Part Of The Polarization Function.
Spacelike Domain is the in of Imaginary Part Of The Polarization Function.
Landau Damping is the modification of of Imaginary Part Of The Polarization Function.
Instability is the leads to of Imaginary Part Of The Polarization Function.
Perturbative Expansion obtains Imaginary Part Of The Polarization Function.
Particle Interaction With Turbulent Fields is the due to of Imaginary Part Of The Polarization Function.
Turbulent Instability is the onset of of Imaginary Part Of The Polarization Function.
Stochastic Inhomogeneity is the origin of of Imaginary Part Of The Polarization Function.
Stochastic Transition Radiation is the similar to of Imaginary Part Of The Polarization Function.
Non-Abelian Generalization Of The Imaginary Part Of The Polarization Tensor is the leads to of Imaginary Part Of The Polarization Function.