Dark Matter is the unsolved problem of Physics.
Astronomical Observations is the indicate of Dark Matter.
Dark Matter is the exceeds energy density of Ordinary Matter.
Weakly Interacting Massive Particle (Wimp) is the search method of Dark Matter.
Extensive Laboratory Searches fails Weakly Interacting Massive Particle (Wimp).
Fundamental Constants Of Nature traces Large Numbers Hypothesis.
Large Numbers Hypothesis is the hypothesis of Gravitational Constant.
Contemporary Theories is the predict variation of Fundamental Constants Of Nature.
Contemporary Theories is the invoke field of Dark Energy-Type Field.
New Model proposes Fundamental Constants Of Nature.
Oscillating Classical Scalar Dark Matter Field is the produces drifts and variations of Ordinary Matter.
Topological Defects is the produces variations of Fundamental Constants Of Nature.
Oscillating Classical Scalar Dark Matter Field is the seek variations of High-Precision Measurements.
Topological Defects is the seek variations of High-Precision Measurements.
Laser Interferometer Measurements is the search variation of Electromagnetic Fine-Structure Constant.
Laser Interferometer Measurements is the search variation of Particle Masses.
Laser Interferometer Measurements is the search variation of Non-Zero Photon Mass.
Strontium Optical Lattice Clock Silicon Single-Crystal Cavity Interferometer is the platform of Laser Interferometer Measurements.
Hydrogen Maser Cryogenic Sapphire Oscillator System is the platform of Laser Interferometer Measurements.
Gravitational-Wave Detectors is the platform of Laser Interferometer Measurements.
Natural Units employs Laser Interferometer Measurements.
Dimensionful Parameters is the alteration cause of Dark Matter Interactions With Ordinary Matter.
Sensitivity Coefficients derives Single-Arm Interferometers.
Sensitivity Coefficients derives Two-Arm Michelson-Type Interferometers.
Multiple Reflections is the enhance effects of Light Beam.
Light Beam is the contains phase of Accumulated Phase.
Accumulated Phase expresss Sensitivity Coefficients.
Fundamental Constants is the dependent parameters of Dimensionful Parameters.
Dark Matter Interactions With Ordinary Matter is the define coefficients of Sensitivity Coefficients.
Relativistic Corrections is the estimate effects of Sensitivity Coefficients.
Atomic Clock Comparison Experiments is the comparison method of Sensitivity Coefficients.
Resonator Mode is the determine effects of Sensitivity Coefficients.
Transient Effects is the produce effects of Sensitivity Coefficients.
Atomic Species is the impact effects of Sensitivity Coefficients.
Atomic Transition Frequencies is the search variation of Sensitivity Coefficients.
Gravitational-Wave Detector Operation is the determine effects of Sensitivity Coefficients.
Non-Zero Photon Mass is the alter phase of Accumulated Phase.
E. R. Hudson bases Xmath148Th Nucleus.
J. P. Turneaure is the limit on time variation of S. R. Stein.
M. E. Tobar tests P. Wolf.
M. E. Tobar tests S. Bize.
M. E. Tobar tests G. Santarelli.
M. E. Tobar tests V. Flambaum.
S. Schiller is the experimental limits of C. Laemmerzahl.
S. Schiller is the experimental limits of H. Mueller.
S. Schiller is the experimental limits of C. Braxmaier.
S. Schiller is the experimental limits of S. Herrmann.
S. Schiller is the experimental limits of A. Peters.
V. Flambaum is the limits on temporal variation of D. B. Leinweber.
V. Flambaum is the limits on temporal variation of A. W. Thomas.
V. Flambaum is the limits on temporal variation of R. D. Young.
P. Schwerdtfeger is the table of dipolar polarizabilities of J. H. Sanders.
P. Schwerdtfeger is the table of dipolar polarizabilities of A. H. Wapstra.