Quantum Theory includes Gravity.
Quantum Theory requires Prescription.
Quantum Theory requires Nonlinearities.
Quantum Theory requires Ctcs.
Prescription is the modifies of Dynamical Equations.
Dynamical Equations is the modifies of Quantum Mechanics.
Deutsch is the proposes of Self-Consistency Condition.
Deutsch is the critiques of Authors.
Authors is the criticizes of Deutsch.
Ctcs requires Novikov Principle.
Pegg is the points out of Post-Selection.
Post-Selection is the explains of Destructive Interference.
Post-Selection is the consistent with of Path-Integral Formulation.
General Relativity includes Ctcs.
General Relativity is the elaborates of Wheeler.
Electron bes Positron.
Teleportation is the involves of Qubits.
Qubits is the involves of Pauli Matrices.
Action is the describes of Particle.
Particle is the occurs in of Spacetime.
Spacetime is the divides into of Boundary Conditions.
Boundary Conditions is the affects of Transition Amplitude.
Post-Selected Teleportation is the uses of Epr State.
Epr State is the acts on of Hamiltonian.
Mixed States is the extends to of Path-Integral Formulation.
Two-State Vector Formalism is the resembles of Post-Selection.
Two-State Vector Formalism is the shares properties with of Post-Selection.
Two-State Vector Formalism is the implies of Post-Selection.
Two-State Vector Formalism requires Post-Selection.
Two-State Vector Formalism is the renormalizes of Post-Selection.
Two-State Vector Formalism is the implies of Post-Selection.
Two-State Vector Formalism is the resembles of Post-Selection.
Two-State Vector Formalism is the resembles of Post-Selection.
Two-State Vector Formalism is the relates to of Weak Values.
Kraus Decomposition is the describes of Nonlinear Evolution.
Hartle is the collaborator of Politzer.
Wheeler is the collaborator of Hartle.
Politzer is the collaborator of Aaronson.
Bennett is the collaborator of Schumacher.
Gödel is the collaborator of Boulware.
Van Stockum is the collaborator of Politzer.
Einstein is the collaborator of Lanczos.
Hawking is the collaborator of Deser.
Carroll is the collaborator of Farhi.
Guth is the collaborator of Olum.
Feinman is the collaborator of Lloyd.
Maccone is the collaborator of Garica-Patron.
Giovannetti is the collaborator of Shikano.
Pirandola is the collaborator of Rozema.
Darabi is the collaborator of Soudagar.
Shalm is the collaborator of Steinberg.
Horowitz is the collaborator of Maldacena.
Pegg is the collaborator of Bennett.
Birrell is the collaborator of Davies.
Friedman is the collaborator of Morris.
Novikov is the collaborator of Echeverria.
Klinkhammer is the collaborator of Thorne.
Gonzalez-Diaz is the collaborator of Ralph.
Milburn is the collaborator of Downes.
Brassard is the collaborator of Crépeau.
Jozsa is the collaborator of Peres.
Wootters is the collaborator of Kimble.
Bacon is the collaborator of Brun.
Feynman collaborates Hibbs.
Feynman collaborates Echeverria.
Echeverria collaborates Klinkhammer.
Echeverria collaborates Thorne.
Einstein collaborates Podolsky.
Einstein collaborates Rosen.
Aharonov collaborates Vaidman.
Shikano collaborates Hosoya.
Chiribella collaborates Dariano.
Chiribella collaborates Perinotti.
Aharonov collaborates Bergmann.
Bergmann collaborates Lebowitz.
Aharonov collaborates Albert.
Cassidy collaborates Cassidy.
Anderson collaborates Anderson.
Fewster collaborates Wells.
Abrams collaborates Lloyd.
Yurtsever collaborates Yurtsever.