Energy Spectra is the study of Neutron-Star Low-Mass X-Ray Binaries.
Colour-Colour Diagrams is the study of Neutron-Star Low-Mass X-Ray Binaries.
Mass Accretion Rate is the drive evolution of Energy Spectra.
Mass Accretion Rate is the drive evolution of Colour-Colour Diagrams.
Configuration Of The Accretion Flow is the reflect changes of Energy Spectra.
Configuration Of The Accretion Flow is the reflect changes of Colour-Colour Diagrams.
Low-Hard State dominates Energy Spectra.
Low-Hard State dominates Energy Spectra.
Disc Truncation Radius is the decreases of Low-Hard State.
High-Soft State dominates Energy Spectra.
Quasi-Periodic Oscillations is the change with of Power Density Spectra.
Khz Qpos detects Neutron-Star Low-Mass X-Ray Binaries.
Khz Qpos interprets Keplerian Frequency.
Khz Qpos is the reflect changes of Inner Disc Radius.
Khz Qpos correlates Hard Colour.
4U 163653 is the study of Spectral And Timing Properties.
Rossi X-Ray Timing Explorer is the observe of 4U 163653.
Proportional Counter Array uses Rossi X-Ray Timing Explorer.
High-Energy X-Ray Timing Experiment uses Rossi X-Ray Timing Explorer.
Spectral Analysis is the perform on of 4U 163653.
Temporal Analysis is the perform on of 4U 163653.
Data Reduction is the perform on of 4U 163653.
Spectral States is the observe of 4U 163653.
X-Ray Colours is the calculate for of 4U 163653.
X-Ray Spectrum is the analyze of 4U 163653.
Accreting Ns-Lmxbs is the fit with of X-Ray Spectrum.
Thermal Component is the include in of X-Ray Spectrum.
Comptonised Component is the include in of X-Ray Spectrum.
Iron Line is the fit with of X-Ray Spectrum.
Xmm-Newton is the use for of Spectral Fitting.
Er is the support of Conselho Nacional De Desenvolvimento Cientfico E Tecnolgico ( Cnpq - Brazil ).
Er comments Yu.
Er acknowledges M. Van Der Klis.
Er acknowledges Van Paradijs J..
Er acknowledges Lewin W. H. G..
Er acknowledges Lamb F..
Er acknowledges Vaughan B..
Er acknowledges Kuulkers E..
Er acknowledges Augusteijn T..
Er acknowledges Zhang W..
Er acknowledges Marshall F. E..
Er acknowledges Swank J. H..
Er acknowledges Lapidus I..
Er acknowledges Lochner J. C..
Er acknowledges Strohmayer T. E..