Manifolds Of Exceptional Holonomy haves 7-Dimensional Manifolds.
Manifolds Of Exceptional Holonomy haves 8-Dimensional Manifolds.
Manifolds Of Exceptional Holonomy considers String Theory Compactifications.
Superconformal Chiral Algebras describes Conformal Field Theories.
Superconformal Chiral Algebras haves Central Charge.
Superconformal Chiral Algebras haves Coupling Constant.
Unitary Representation Theory studys Superconformal Chiral Algebras.
Unitary Representation Theory is the corresponds to of Quantized Toda Theory.
Minimal Models describes Virasoro Algebra.
Minimal Models describes Diagonal Coset.
Minimal Models describes Fusion Rules.
Superconformal Minimal Models describes Virasoro Algebra.
Superconformal Minimal Models describes Diagonal Coset.
Superconformal Minimal Models describes G2 Algebra.
Structure Of The Algebra describes Superconformal Chiral Algebras.
Coset Constr is the contains of Structure Of The Algebra.
Coset Constr describes N=1 Superconformal Subalgebras.
N=1 Superconformal Subalgebras describes Highest Weight Representations.
Algebra haves Minimal Models.
Minimal Models haves Unitary Highest Weight Representations.
Unitary Highest Weight Representations decomposes Third Subalgebra.
Third Subalgebra is the generates of Fusion Rule.
Unitary Highest Weight Representations decomposes Highest Weight State.
Highest Weight State haves Descendants.
Highest Weight State haves Conformal Dimension.
Unitary Highest Weight Representations haves Twisted Representations.
Minimal Models is the uses of Coset Construction.
Minimal Models haves Unitary Spectrum.
Unitary Spectrum haves Unitary Representations.
Unitary Representations haves Descendants.
Minimal Models haves Fusion Rules.
Minimal Models haves Subalgebras.
Subalgebras haves Null State.
Tricritical Ising Model haves Ideal.
Ideal haves Conformal Algebra.
Conformal Algebra haves Manifolds.
Manifolds haves Holonomy.
Manifolds haves Free Field Representation.
Free Field Representation haves Basis.
Basis haves Generators.
Unitary Representations haves Descendants.
Algebra is the extended version of of Extended Version.
Algebra associates Superconformal Algebra.
Superconformal Algebra associates Manifolds.
Manifolds haves Holonomy.
Unitary Representations finds Unitary Models.
Unitary Representations finds Model Spectrum.
Field identifys Unitary Representations.
Field identifys Superpartner.
Supermultiplet is the purely internal with of Field.
Supermultiplet is the knows fusion rules with of Fusion Rules.
Unitary Representations combines Twisted Representations.
Unitary Representations is the knows fusion rules of Fusion Rules Selection.
Unitary Representations describes Highest Weight Representations.
Coset is the contains of Superconformal Algebra.
Parameters divides Unitary Models.
Unitary Models is the lie on of Unitary Curves.
Unitary Models is the coincide with of Model Spectrum.
Unitary Models associates Manifolds.
Unitary Models is the extended version of of Extended Version.
Unitary Models haves Central Charge.
Superprimary Fields is the generate of Superconformal Algebra.
Superprimary Fields haves Superconformal Algebra.
Superprimary Fields is the describes fusion rules of Fusion Rules Selection.
Twisted Representations haves Tw1 Sector.
Twisted Representations haves Tw2 Sector.
Twisted Representations labels Highest Weight Representations.
Tw1 Sector bes Tw2 Sector.
Tw1 Sector bes Tw2 Sector.
Normal Ordered Product defines Zero Order Term.
Normal Ordered Product defines Mode Expansion.
Mode Expansion is the valid if of Formula.
Formula requires Modding.
Modding is the runs on of Integer.
Modding is the runs on of Half Integer.
Ns Sector is the works in of Expansion.
Ramond Sector requires Formula.
Calculation is the calculate of Integral.
Integral is the equal to of Mode.
Mode integrates Expanding.
Expanding gets Operator.