Nambu-Jona-Lasinio Model is the explains of Chiral Symmetry Breaking.
Quark is the attracts of Antiquark.
Quark is the attracts of Ground State.
Quark is the creates of Condensation.
Symmetry Breaking is the leads to of Quarks.
Quarks is the leads to of Constituent Mass.
Constituent Mass is the binds into of Hadrons.
Residual Interactions is the create of Hadrons.
Residual Interactions is the create of Pions.
Pions is the create of Goldstone Bosons.
Current Quark Mass is the explicitly breaks of Chiral Symmetry Breaking.
Pion is the obtains of Small Physical Mass.
Nambu-Jona-Lasinio Model regards Applicable Model.
Nambu-Jona-Lasinio Model deals Low Momentum Processes.
Schwinger-Dyson Equations represents Constituent Quark Propagator.
Schwinger-Dyson Equations represents Composite Meson Propagator.
Constituent Quark Propagator is the couples to of Composite Meson Propagator.
Schwinger-Dyson Equations is the keeps of Chiral Symmetry.
Meson Modes is the refer to of Pseudoscalar Mesons.
Meson Modes is the refer to of Scalar Mesons.
Large N Expansion is the scales like of Coupling Constant.
Quark is the bound states of of Mesons.
Meson is the satisfies of Meson Mass.
Meson is the pole condition of Pole Condition.
Meson determines Coupling Constant.
Feynman Diagrams is the leads to of Quark Mass.
Feynman Diagrams is the leads to of Pion Polarization Fluctuations.
Pion calculates Pion Decay Constant.
Pion replaces Axial-Vector Matrix Element.
Subleading Axial-Vector Matrix Element is the derivation of Pion Polarization Fluctuation.
Pion Polarization Fluctuation is the expansion of First Coefficient.
Rpa Meson Propagator is the order relation of Quark Self-Energy.
Current Quark Mass is the introduction of Mean-Field Approximation.
Chiral Limit is the order relation of Meson Polarization Function.
Rpa Pion Propagator is the expression substitution of Meson Propagator.
Meson Cloud Effect is the effect of Meson Propagator.
Quark Condensate is the effect of Meson Cloud Effect.
Gap Equation is the introduction of Quark Momentum Cut-Off.
Pion Pole Condition is the deduction of Quark Condensate.
Quark Momentum Cut-Off is the regularization of Meson Momentum Cut-Off.
Current Quark Mass is the satisfaction of Goldberger-Treiman Relation.
Empirical Range is the comparison of Quark Condensate.
Plateau is the definition of Quark Condensate.
Constituent Quark Mass is the relation of Quark Condensate.
Njl Model is the inclusion of Current Quark Mass.
Su(2) Njl Model is the consideration of Meson Cloud Effect.
Feynman Diagrams is the calculation of Constituent Quark Propagator.