Chemical Peculiar Stars is the display of Upper Main Sequence.
Chemical Peculiar Stars is the deviate significantly from of Abundances.
Chemical Peculiar Stars is the deviate significantly from of Standard Abundance Distribution.
Chemical Peculiar Stars is the specifies a subset of of Global Magnetic Field.
Chemical Peculiar Stars is the subset of of Magnetic Chemically Peculiar Stars.
Magnetic Chemically Peculiar Stars explains Oblique Rotator Model.
Magnetic Chemically Peculiar Stars explains Periodic Variability.
Magnetic Chemically Peculiar Stars is the due to of Photometric Changes.
Photometric Changes causes Global Flux Redistribution.
Photometric Changes is the phase-dependent of Line Blanketing.
Photometric Changes is the phase-dependent of Continuum Opacity.
Photometric Changes is the namely in of Ultraviolet Part Of Stellar Spectra.
Magnetic Chemically Peculiar Stars determines Passband.
Magnetic Chemically Peculiar Stars determines Line Of Sight.
Magnetic Chemically Peculiar Stars deduces Rotational Periods.
Rotational Periods is the variability studies of Photometric Observations.
Magnetic Chemically Peculiar Stars finds Extragalactic Mcp Stars.
Chemical Peculiar Stars is the first in the large magellanic cloud of Photometric Detection.
Photometric Detection is the spent to increase the sample of Long Term Effort.
Long Term Effort is the verify findings with of Spectroscopic Observations.
Time Series Analysis is the present of Tools.
Time Series Analysis develops Periodic Light Variations.
Tools is the display of Periodograms.
Periodograms is the models of periodic variations of Harmonic Polynomials.
Harmonic Polynomials is the best fit of model function of Harmonic Coefficients.
Harmonic Coefficients determines Least Square Method.
Tools is the construct of Spectral Periodogram.
Spectral Periodogram is the uses as a criterion of Signal-To-Noise Criterion.
Spectral Periodogram scatters Sine Signals.
Spectral Periodogram is the results from bad time distribution of Observational Noise.
Spectral Periodogram is the originate from of Aliases.
Effective Magnetic Field confirms Light Curves.
Effective Magnetic Field is the sufficient for of Period Determination.
Aliases is the can suppress by of Continuation Observations.
Continuation Observations adds New Magnetic Measurements.
New Magnetic Measurements indicates New Periodogram.
New Periodogram plots Phase Diagram.
Phase Diagram is the displays of Sinusoidal Variations.
Sinusoidal Variations is the search for of Relic Periods.
Relic Periods uses Periodogram Technique.
Periodogram Technique is the search for of Periodic Signal.
Periodic Signal is the no in of Remaining Data.
Remaining Data is the correspond to of Pure Noise.
Pure Noise is the originate from of Aliases.
Aliases is the results from of Observational Data.
Aliases determines Periodogram.
Periodogram is the use for of Photometric Data.
Photometric Data obtains Individual Observations.
Photometric Data is the analyze of Period Analysis.
Period Analysis is the competes with of Stochastic Scatter.
Period Analysis samples Sidereal Day.
Period Analysis determines Sampling Frequency.
Period Analysis is the test with of Heuristic Shuffling Method.