Wormholes is the induce of Lensing Effects.
Wormholes is the induce of Luminous Sources.
Wormholes is the induce of Frequency Shifting.
Wormholes is the induce of Background Temperature.
Wormholes is the induce of Spectral Lines.
Wormholes is the induce of Luminosity.
Ringholes is the induce of Lensing Effects.
Ringholes is the induce of Frequency Shifting.
Ringholes is the induce of Background Temperature.
Ringholes is the induce of Spectral Lines.
Ringholes is the induce of Luminosity.
Ringholes is the consist of of Lensing Signature.
Wormholes is the consist of of Lensing Signature.
Wormholes is the connect to of Other Universes.
Ringholes is the connect to of Other Universes.
Wormholes is the convert into of Time Machines.
Ringholes is the convert into of Time Machines.
Wormholes is the convert into of Space-Time Tunnels.
Ringholes is the convert into of Space-Time Tunnels.
Wormholes makes Observable.
Ringholes makes Observable.
Wormholes is the provide of Direct Evidence.
Ringholes is the provide of Direct Evidence.
Wormholes identifys Direct Evidence.
Ringholes identifys Direct Evidence.
Wormholes is the connect to of Universes.
Ringholes is the connect to of Universes.
Wormholes is the use of Orientable Space-Time Tunnels.
Ringholes is the use of Non-Orientable Klein Bottle Holes.
Wormholes confines Experimental Observation.
Ringholes confines Experimental Observation.
Wormholes is the observe of Properties.
Ringholes is the observe of Properties.
Wormholes makes Directly Observable.
Ringholes makes Directly Observable.
Wormholes is the search for of Lensing Signature.
Ringholes is the search for of Lensing Signature.
Wormholes is the note of Shatskiy Rings.
Wormholes is the exist of Exotic Matter.
Wormholes is the differentiate from of Einstein Rings.
Wormholes is the differentiate from of Galaxies.
Wormholes is the differentiate from of Black Holes.
Wormholes is the differentiate from of Quasars.
Ringholes is the differentiate from of Luminous Massive Objects.
Ringholes is the affect of Symmetry.
Ringholes haves Toroidal Symmetry.
Ringholes is the specify of Geometrical Parameters.
Ringholes is the derive of Metric.
Ringholes is the affect of World Lines.
Ringholes is the act like of Diverging Lens.
Ringholes is the act like of Converging Lens.
Ringholes is the differentiate from of Implausible Set Of Three Luminous Massive Objects.
Hubble Space Telescope is the reveal of Double Einstein Ring.
Hubble Space Telescope is the offer insight into of Dark Matter.
Hubble Space Telescope is the offer insight into of Dark Energy.
Hubble Space Telescope is the offer insight into of Curvature Of The Universe.
Xmath130 is the corresponding average velocity of Xmath131.
Xmath132 is the average on the fuzzy relativistic factor of Xmath133.
Xmath134 is the surface embedding of Xmath133.