Waveguide Optical Amplifiers bases Rare Earth Doped Silicon.
Rare Earth Doped Silicon is the interest of Semiconductor Research Community.
Erbium Ions interests Optical Transition.
Optical Transition is the coincides with of Optical Glass Fiber.
Erbium Ions is the involves of Ground Level.
Ground Level is the limits achievable gain of Reabsorption Mechanisms.
Neodymium Ion is the recently of Proposed.
Neodymium Ion makes Emission Scheme.
Amplification achieves Re Level Population Inversion.
Re Ions is the drawback of of Low Absorption Cross Section.
Sensitizers overcomes Larger Absorption Cross Section.
Sensitizers shows Efficient Transfer Of Energy.
Sensitizers is the in literature of Proposed.
Sensitizers is the sensitization of of Ytterbium Ions.
Sensitizers is the sensitization of of Metal Ions.
Sensitizers is the sensitization of of Silicon Nanograins.
Macdonald is the presents of Sensitization.
Waveguides is the comparative study of of Active Layer.
Active Layer constitutes Silicon Rich Silicon Oxide.
Active Layer stacks Pure Silica.
Active Layer is the chosen greater than of Refractive Index.
Active Layer ensures Guiding Conditions.
Waveguides pumps Pump Mode.
Waveguides is the co-propagated with of Signal Mode.
Signal Mode is the corresponds to of Transition.
Waveguides is the identical for of Dimensions.
Waveguides propagates Fundamental Transverse Electric Mode.
Electromagnetic Fields calculates Poynting Vector.
Rate Equation describes Excitation Mechanism.
Excitation Mechanism governs Energy Transfer.
Excitation Mechanism is the matches with of Energy Gap.
Excitation Mechanism is the leads to of Possible Emission.
Lifetime is the chosen at of Excited Level.
Energy Transfer Coefficient is the between si-ng and both re of Assumed Identical.
Concentration is the for both active layers of Equal.
Absorption Cross Section is the to simulate of Simulated.
Linewidth accords Fixed.
Polarisation Densities is the depends on of Transition.
Resonance Frequency is the depends on of Used.
Transition Lifetime is the on the optical index of Depends.
Characteristic Time is the characteristic time of of Has.
Iterations is the to reduce calculation time of Reduced.
Neodymium Levels Equations is the hardly solvable of Analytically Solvable.
Steady State is the by finite difference method of Reached.
Population Inversion is the from population levels of Deduced.
Optical Gain is the from population levels of Deduced.
Population Inversion is the for pump power of Computed.
Population Inversion is the in results of Presented.
Comparison is the of two waveguides doped either with erbium or neodymium ions of Optical Gain.
Population Inversion is the with direction of propagation of Decrease.
Coupling attributes Between Rare Earth Ions And Silicon Nanograins.
Population Inversion is the for a length of of Remains Positive.
Population Inversion witnesss Becomes Negative.
Population Inversion is the along the whole structure of Remains Positive.
Level 1 is the to the ground level of Depopulated Quickly.
Population Inversion is the an identical behaviour of Shows.
Decrease is the of population inversion of With Direction Of Propagation.
Strong Absorption causes Due To The Presence Of The Nanograins.
Population Inversion is the from fig of Extracted.
Population Inversion is the along the whole length of Observed.
Population Inversion is the with erbium than with neodymium of Larger.
Population Inversion is the due to specific si-ng / re interaction of Difference.
Interaction is the by the transfer coefficient of Governed.
Population Inversion is the for erbium than for neodymium ions of Observed.
Transfer is the in the case of neodymium than in the case of erbium ions of More Efficient.
Time Dynamics is the in different re of Of Transitions.