Physics Of Ultracold Atoms is the study of Systems.
Systems is the manipulation of Magnetic Traps.
Systems is the manipulation of Optical Traps.
Systems is the realization and study of Physical Effects.
Experimental Techniques is the manipulation of Atomic Gases.
Atomic Gases is the realization of Superfluids.
Atomic Gases is the realization of Superconductors.
Solid State Physics is the utilization of Physics Of Ultracold Atoms.
Physics Of Ultracold Atoms is the study of Bose-Einstein Condensation (Bec).
Physics Of Ultracold Atoms is the study of Fermi Condensates (Bcs).
Ultracold Gas is the study of Bosonic Atoms.
Ultracold Gas is the study of Fermionic Atoms.
Ultracold Gas is the variation of Magnetic Field.
Ultracold Gas is the variation of Electromagnetic Field.
Ultracold Gas is the variation of Scattering Length.
Scattering Length is the control of Feshbach Resonance.
Fermionic System models Isotopic Spin Pairing.
Fermionic System is the manipulation of Hyperfine Levels.
Nonuniform Superfluidity is the study of Oscillating Order Parameter.
Nonuniform Superfluidity is the analogous effect of Larkin-Ovchinnikov-Fulde-Ferrell Phase.
Josephson Junction is the formation of Superfluid Gases.
Internal Degrees Of Freedom is the generalization of Nuclear Matter.
Internal Degrees Of Freedom is the generalization of Quark Matter.
Internal Degrees Of Freedom is the generalization of Layered Superconductors.
Internal Degrees Of Freedom is the generalization of Multiband Superconductors.
Pairing Mechanism is the utilization of Mismatch Effect.
Zeeman Field is the compensation of Paramagnetic Field.
Paramagnetic Field is the induction of Reentrant Superconductivity.
Intralayer Pairing is the role assignment of Interplane Hopping.
Bi-Layer Superconductivity is the study of Intralayer Pairing.
Bi-Layer Superconductivity is the utilization of Mismatch Effect.
Quasiparticle Spectrum is the study of Color Superconductivity.
Color Superconductivity is the characteristics of Matrix Coupling Constant.
Color Superconductivity is the requirement of Strong Interactions.
Superconducting Gap is the dependence of Hamiltonian.
Hamiltonian is the definition of Order Parameter.
Order Parameter is the relation of Spin States.
Spin States is the creation of Vortices.
Vortices is the condition of Rotation Frequency.
Nonmagnetic Analogue is the analogous effect of Larkin-Ovchinnikov-Fulde-Ferrell Phase.
Modulation Vector is the influence of Crystalline Structure.
Phase Diagram is the location of Tricritical Lifshitz Point.
Tricritical Lifshitz Point is the application of Ginzburg-Landau Expansion.
Free-Energy Functional is the definition of Ginzburg-Landau Expansion.