Quantum Hall Effect observes Two-Dimensional Electron Gases.
Two-Dimensional Electron Gases is the forms of Incompressible Liquid.
Two-Dimensional Electron Gases is the leads to formation of of Bulk Energy Gap.
Two-Dimensional Electron Gases is the exist at edge of of Gapless Chiral Modes.
Two-Dimensional Electron Gases is the describe quasi-particles with of Fractional Charges.
Two-Dimensional Electron Gases is the describe quasi-particles with of Fractional Statistics.
Two-Dimensional Electron Gases confirms Laughlin Quasi-Particle Excitations.
Shot Noise infers Fano Factor Of Noise.
Charge Fractionalization is the reduces at relatively high frequencies of Fano Factor Of Noise.
Aharonov-Bohm Effect is the rely on of Quasi-Particle Charge.
Fabry-Prot Interferometers involves Aharonov-Bohm Effect.
Mach-Zehnder Interferometer is the implementation of of Aharonov-Bohm Effect.
Mach-Zehnder Interferometer is the tool for experimental investigations of of Scaling Dimensions Of Quasi-Particles.
Master Equation is the describes relaxation to of Mach-Zehnder Interferometer.
Wave Function describes Interferometer.
Wave Function is the overlap at point of Wave Function Overlap.
Wave Function Overlap is the at of Point.
Quasi-Particle Tunneling Operator is the matrix element at of Point.
Quasi-Particle Tunneling Operator is the single valued function of of Quasi-Particle Tunneling Operator.
Singular Magnetic Flux is the contains flux dependent factor of Laughlin Wave Function.
Singular Magnetic Flux is the cancels ab phase of Laughlin Wave Function.
Singular Magnetic Flux is the cancels relative ab phase of Tunneling Amplitudes.
Modulation Gate acquires Wave Function.
Modulation Gate acquires Tunneling Amplitudes.
Modulation Gate deforms Wave Function.
Modulation Gate multiplys Wave Function.
Modulation Gate deforms Wave Function.
Modulation Gate replaces Wave Function.
Wave-Functions is the describes of Quasi-Particles.
Wave-Functions constrains Quasi-Particle-Operator.
Electron defines Electron-Operator.
Electron-Operator is the leads to of Matrix-Elements.
Quasi-Particles describes Wave-Functions.
Quasi-Particle-Operator is the satisfies of Low-Energy-Subspace.
Matrix-Elements evaluates Tunneling-Amplitudes.
Quasi-Particles is the describes of Charge-Density-Operators.
Qh-System describes Charge-Density-Operators.
Flux-Tube is the equivalent to of Singular-Flux.
Singular-Flux is the leads to of Point-Like-Charges.
Electron-Operator is the projection of of Edge-Hamiltonian.
Modulation-Gate-Voltage is the affects of Edge-Hamiltonian.
Modulation-Gate-Voltage is the projection of of Tunneling-Amplitudes.
Magnetic-Flux is the affects of Edge-Hamiltonian.
Magnetic-Flux is the projection of of Tunneling-Amplitudes.
Chern-Simons-Theory derives Effective-Theory.
Conserved-Current is the describes of Gauge-Invariant-Action.
Vector-Potential is the describes of External-Electromagnetic-Field.
External-Electromagnetic-Field is the interaction with of Gauge-Invariant-Action.
Vector-Potential is the interaction with of Gauge-Invariant-Action.
Finite-Region is the describes of Effective-Theory.
Finite-Region confines Boundary-Action.
Boundary-Action is the cancels of Gauge-Invariant-Action.
Boundary-Field is the transforms as of Boundary-Action.
Boundary-Field determines Covariant-Derivative.
Boundary-Hamiltonian-Density fixs Effective-Theory.
Charge-Density finds Effective-Theory.
Qh Interferometers is the explains of Topological Screening.
Topological Screening is the stems from of Many Electrons.
Single-Particle Picture is the consistent with of Microscopic Description.
Single-Particle Picture is the consistent with of Laughlin Wave Function.
Single-Particle Picture is the consistent with of Axially Symmetric Corbino Disk.
Axially Symmetric Corbino Disk is the cancels locally with of Ab Phase Shift.
Ab Phase Shift is the cancels locally with of Physical Displacement.
Physical Displacement is the agrees with of Topological Screening Effect.
Asymmetric Corbino Disk is the violates of Pauli Principle.
Non-Interacting Hamiltonian is the eigenstates of of Single-Particle Orbits.
Single-Particle Orbits is the not affected by of Adiabatic Insertion.
Adiabatic Insertion dos Singular Flux.
Adiabatic Insertion is the affects of Charge Density.
Singular Flux is the leads to of Compressible Deformations.
Compressible Deformations is the in bulk of of 2Deg.
Single-Particle Basis is the corresponds to of Unconfined Orbits.
Single-Particle Basis is the equivalent to of Unitary Transformation.
Unitary Transformation is the leads to of Wave Function.
Magnetic Field varys Mz Interferometer.
Mz Interferometer bases Filling Factor.
Mz Interferometer attachs Modulation Gate Voltage.
Mz Interferometer varys Homogeneous Magnetic Field.
Filling Factor is the at different value than of Long-Range Disorder.
Filling Factor is the corresponds to of Hall Conductivity.
Hall Conductivity is the implies of Localized States.
Localized States is the contains of Incompressible Qh Liquid.
Incompressible Qh Liquid is the result from of Holes.
Holes is the fluctuations of of Disorder Potential.
Disorder Potential is the leads to of Compressible Deformations.
Average Current is the oscillates with of Quasi-Particle Periods.
Byers-Yang Theorem is the oscillates with of Steady-State Current.
Steady-State Current haves Exact Wave Function.
Exact Wave Function projects Low-Energy Theory.
Low-Energy Theory derives Chern-Simons Theory.
Chern-Simons Theory develops Kinetic Theory.
Gapless Incompressible Deformations is the result in of Charge Quantization.
Charge Redistribution is the between of Edge States.
Edge States is the leads to of Charge Quantization.
Charge Quantization is the leads to of Coulomb Blockade Effect.
Local Quasi-Particle Charge is the equal to of Global Charge.
Global Charge is the leads to of Topological Screening Effect.
Magnetic Flux is the couples to of Tunneling Hamiltonians.
Quasi-Particle Operators projects Wilson Lines.
Wilson Lines exchanges Klein Factors.
Klein Factors winds Hole Of The Corbino Disk.
Tunneling Hamiltonians explains Fabry-Prot Interferometer.
Fabry-Prot Interferometer is the present in of Klein Factors.
Quasi-Particle Operators constructs Tunneling Operators.
Tunneling Operators is the connect end points of Wilson Lines.
Wilson Lines is the describe of Tunneling Paths.
Tunneling Operators is the commute with of Klein Factors.
Quasi-Particle Operators is the definition of Operator.
Operator haves Charge.
Operator is the creates of Local Excitation.
Local Excitation is the with property of Charge.
Operator is the contributes to of Homogeneous Density.
Homogeneous Density is the along of Edge.
Edge haves Total Charge.
Low-Energy Projection multiplys Quasi-Particle Operators.
Quasi-Particle Operators multiplys Factor.
Factor is the contributes to of Homogeneous Density.
Resulting Operators is the create of Quasi-Particle Operators.
Equations is the agree with of Fields.
Fields is the agree with of Derived Fields.
Fields is the at of Effective Theory Level.
Fields is the similar to of Adjoint Operators.
Outer Edge is the shift of Quantum Numbers.
Inner Edge is the shift of Quantum Numbers.
Quantum Numbers is the leads to of Topological Effect.
Topological Effect is the reconstructs of Wave Function.
Topological Effect is the changes of Chern-Simons Field.
Commutation Relations is the show that of Quasi-Particles.
Quasi-Particles is the with property of Anyons.
Quasi-Particles haves Statistical Phase.
Phase Factors is the on of Circle.
Quasi-Particle Operators bes Multi-Valued.
Opposite Edges is the feel of Quasi-Particles.
Quasi-Particles is the shift of Quantum Numbers.
Quasi-Particles dos Commute.
Quasi-Particles is the feels the presence of of Inner Edge.
Quasi-Particles is the shifts of Inner Edge.
Quasi-Particles is the change of Quantum Numbers.
Quantum Numbers is the leads to of Topological Effect.
Topological Effect is the reconstructs of Wave Function.
Topological Effect is the changes of Chern-Simons Field.
Focus is the on of Commutation Relations.
Operators is the of of Quasi-Particle Tunneling.
Tunneling Operators dos Commute.
Microscopical Level is the commute of Tunneling Operators.
Tunneling Operators bes Polynomials.
Tunneling Operators projects Low-Energy Subspace.
Tunneling Operators takes Spatial Points.
Calculation is the for of Operators.
Operators is the leads to of Expression.
Thermodynamic Limit is the describes of Expression.
Expression is the of of Interferometer.
Interferometer is the leads to of Simpler Expression.
Fabry-Prot Interferometer is the commute of Tunneling Operators.
Tunneling Operators is the contributes to of Commutator.
Zero Modes is the contributes to of Commutator.
Zero Modes relates Bulk Chern-Simons Field.
Zero Modes takes Topology.
Results is the provide of Justification.
Justification is the of of Model.
Model is the microscopic of Interferometer.
Operators is the in terms of of Quasi-Particle Operators.
Quasi-Particle Operators is the absent of Klein Factors.
Values determines Quasi-Particle Charges.
Values is the in of Shot Noise Measurements.
Results is the indicate of Values.
Charge Fractionalization is the classical of Process.
Process is the completely of Nature.
Process is the to of Similar.
Current is the like of Displacement Current.
References is the include of References.