Liquid Crystals is the constituent of of Molecules.
Molecules describes Ordering Matrix.
Molecules requires Intermolecular Potential.
Molecules is the influence of Deviations.
System is the capable of existing as of Biaxial Liquid Crystal.
System is the consisting of of Hard Rectangular Plates.
System uses Landau Approach.
System uses Molecular Field Approximation.
System is the consists of of Ensemble Of Hard Rectangular Particles.
System is the indicate contribution from of Dispersion Forces.
Molecules considers Non-Cylindrically Symmetric Molecules.
Liquid Crystals applys Tsallis Thermostatistics.
Liquid Crystals investigates Nematic-Isotropic Transition.
Liquid Crystals generalizes Maier-Saupe Mean Field Theory.
Maier-Saupe Mean Field Theory calculates Order Parameters.
Maier-Saupe Mean Field Theory is the defines orientation of of Director.
Maier-Saupe Mean Field Theory uses Partition Function.
Maier-Saupe Mean Field Theory calculates Molar Potential Energy.
Maier-Saupe Mean Field Theory calculates Molar Entropy.
Maier-Saupe Mean Field Theory calculates Molar Free Energy.
Maier-Saupe Mean Field Theory satisfys Consistency Equations.
Tsallis Thermostatistics bases Tsallis Thermostatistics Axioms.
Pseudo-Additivity Entropy Rule reflects Entropic Index.
Pseudo-Additivity Entropy Rule reflects Nonextensivity.
Equation is the describes of Independent Systems.
Energy Constraint is the corresponds to of Superadditivity.
Energy Constraint is the corresponds to of Additivity.
Energy Constraint is the corresponds to of Subadditivity.
Tsallis-Mendes-Plastino (Tmp) Choice denotes Energy Constraint.
Tsallis Entropy is the optimization of of Energy Constraint.
Observable is the defines of Tsallis Entropy.
Observable is the commutes with of Hamiltonian.
Dynamics Of The System establishs Entropic Index.
Long Range Interactions is the exist in of Fractality.
Manganites interprets Experimental Results.
Micro-Clusters is the formation of of Competing Phases.
Micro-Clusters haves Fractal Shapes.
Micro-Clusters is the randomly distributed in of Material.
Long Range Interactions is the contribute to of Phase Segregation.
Navier-Stokes Equation studys Boltzmann Lattice Models.
Logistic Map Universality Class studys Edge Of Chaos.
Order Parameters calculates Tsallis Entropy.
Order Parameters is the instead of of Tsallis Entropy.
Order Parameters follows Tsallis Entropy.
Transition Temperature is the transition from of Uniaxial Nematic Phase.
Transition Temperature is the transition to of Isotropic Phase.
Transition Temperature is the vanishes at of Orientational Free Energy.
Critical Values lists Order Parameters.
Entropy Changes is the at the of Transition.
Secondary Order Parameter plots Transition.
Maier-Saupe Theory gives Universal Value.
Molecular Theory develops Ensemble Of Particles.
Molecular Theory bases Pairwise Intermolecular Potential.
Molecular Theory bases Molecular Field Approximation.
Liquid Crystals assumes Rod-Like Shape.
Liquid Crystals assumes Cylindrical Symmetry.
Liquid Crystals dos Lath-Like Molecules.
Long Range Order Parameter is the dependence on of Reduced Temperature.
Long Range Order Parameter is the variation with of Critical Values.
Long Range Order Parameter is the variation with of Entropy Change.