Recognition is the determines of Object.
Recognition is the key for successful of Delineation.
Method is the introduces of Object.
Method is the assists in segmentation of Object.
Method is the exploits of Ball Scale.
Training Objects encodes Images.
Organ Model is the estimates position of Liver.
Generalized Hough Transform extends Shape Model.
Shape Model is the determines initial position of Knee Cartilage.
Particle Filtering Algorithm uses Models.
Image is the investigates automatic recognition of Method.
Image is the avoids elaborate searches of Method.
Model Assembly constructs Landmarks.
Ball Scale uses Images.
Principal Component System builds Training Objects.
Principal Component System finds Training Objects.
Principal Component System finds Intensity Weighted B-Scale Images.
Principal Component System is the maps to determine pose of Intensity Weighted B-Scale Images.
Image is the uses transformation for pose determination of Method.
Image is the facilitates quick placement of Method.
Image is the determines pose of Method.
Image is the refines recognition of Method.
Skin Boundary Object uses Models.
Gc-Asm is the hybrid delineation method of Delineation.
Gc-Asm requires Delineation.
Model is the encodes prior information of Information.
Shape Models uses Biological Structures.
Active Shape Model is the estimates from training set of Population Statistics.
Statistical Shape Model requires Point Correspondence.
Statistical Shape Model is the combines semi-automatic methods of Point Correspondence.
Landmark Correspondence establishs Point Correspondence.
Equal Space Landmarking uses Landmarks.
Equal Space Landmarking is the annotates 3d objects slice by slice of Landmarks.
Equal Space Landmarking is the tags landmarks automatically of Landmarks.
Ct Data Sets is the part of clinical pet/ct data of Hospital.
Ct Data Sets is the poor spatial and contrast compared to other studies of Resolution.
Ct Data Sets expects Resolution.
Spie Medical Imaging Conference-2010 publishs Paper.