Collimated Outflows / Jets produces Active Galactic Nuclei.
Collimated Outflows / Jets produces Compact Stars.
Collimated Outflows / Jets produces Young Stellar Objects (Ysos).
Active Galactic Nuclei is the indirect evidence for jet precession is seen in of Morphology Of The Radio Hot Spots.
Compact Stars is the shows jet precession with a period of 3 days of Black Hole Binary Gro J1655-40.
Young Stellar Objects (Ysos) interprets Changes In The Flow Directions Of Several Yso Jets.
Compact Stars observes Super-Orbital Variabilities.
Compact Stars is the could play a role in driving the precession of Tidal Force From The Companion Star.
Compact Stars excites Disk Tilt.
Compact Stars expects Disk Plane.
Compact Stars is the combined effects tend to damp the disk tilt of Differential Precession.
Compact Stars is the tend to damp the disk tilt of Internal Disk Stress/Dissipation.
Compact Stars is the several proposed mechanisms of Driving Mechanisms For Disk Tilt/Warp.
Compact Stars shows Schandl & Meyer 1994.
Compact Stars shows Pringle 1996.
Compact Stars indicates Maloney, Begelman & Nowak 1998.
Compact Stars shows Quillen 2001.
Compact Stars is the can induce disk warping and precession of Disk Accretion Onto Magnetic Stars.
Disk Accretion Onto Magnetic Stars is the can induce disk warping and precession of Neutron Stars.
Disk Accretion Onto Magnetic Stars is the can induce disk warping and precession of White Dwarfs.
Disk Accretion Onto Magnetic Stars is the can induce disk warping and precession of T Tauri Stars.
Disk Accretion Onto Magnetic Stars explains Lai 1999.
Disk Accretion Onto Magnetic Stars explains Shirakawa & Lai 2002A.
Disk Accretion Onto Magnetic Stars is the explained variabilities of t tauri stars of Agapitou Et Al. 1997.
Magnetic Field threads Accretion Disk.
Magnetic Field is the origin not completely clear , could be advected inwards by accretion or generated locally by dynamo processes of Accretion Disk Threading.
Protostellar Outflows is the plays an important role of Stellar Magnetic Field.
Lovelace Et Al. 1999 devotes Understanding Magnetically Driven Outflows/Jets From Accretion Disks.
Knigl & Pudritz 2000 devotes Understanding Magnetically Driven Outflows/Jets From Accretion Disks.
Meier Et Al. 2001 devotes Understanding Magnetically Driven Outflows/Jets From Accretion Disks.
Magnetic Field threads Disk Configuration.
Disk Configuration produces Hydromagnetic Outflows.
Disk Configuration produces Electromagnetic Outflows.
Disk Configuration involves Blandford & Payne 1982.
Disk Configuration involves Blandford 1976.
Disk Configuration involves Lovelace 1976.
Disk Configuration involves Accretion Disk Threading.
Accretion Disk Threading is the can generate magnetic field locally of Dynamo Processes.
Shu Et Al. 1994, 2000 plays Protostellar Outflows.
Shu Et Al. 1994, 2000 plays Stellar Magnetic Field.