Dark Matter couples Electromagnetic Field.
Dark Matter decouples Baryon-Photon Fluid.
Dark Matter is the limits of Direct Dark Matter Detection Experiments.
Dark Matter is the phenomenological possibilities of Charged Dark Matter Species.
Dark Matter is the phenomenological possibilities of Milli-Charged Dark Matter Species.
Dark Matter is the phenomenological possibilities of Dark Matter With Electric Or Magnetic Dipole Moment.
Charged Dark Matter Species is the suppression of coupling of Photons.
Resonant Scattering scatters Photon.
Resonant Scattering is the absorption features of Distant Sources.
Resonant Scattering is the peculiar absorption features of Spectrum Of Distant Sources.
Neutral Dark Matter Particle Candidate is the extension of standard model of Second Neutral Particle.
Neutral Dark Matter Particle Candidate is the extension of standard model of Electric And/Or Magnetic Transition Dipole Moment.
Neutral Dark Matter Particle Candidate is the assumption of Fermionic Fields.
Photon Energy is the enhancement of Resonant Scattering.
Photon Energy is the absorption lines of Spectrum Of Distant Sources.
Photon Energy corresponds Dm Halos.
Absorption Features is the evidence of Particle Nature Of Dark Matter.
Absorption Features is the information of Distribution Of Dark Matter In The Universe.
Model-Independent Setting is the consideration of Interaction Lagrangian.
Interaction Lagrangian is the mediation of Photon-Dm Scattering.
Photon-Dm Scattering is the approximation of Relativistic Breit-Wigner Formula.
Relativistic Breit-Wigner Formula is the modulus of Center-Of-Mass Momentum.
Relativistic Breit-Wigner Formula is the decay of Total Decay Width.
Total Decay Width is the into photon of Decay Width.
Total Decay Width is the saturates of Unitarity Limit.
Astrophysical Constraint is the constraint of Energy Losses In Stars.
Energy Losses In Stars is the limit of Helium Ignition In Low-Mass Red Giants.
Energy Losses In Stars is the energy scale of Plasma Frequency.
Large Scale Structure Constraints is the constraint of Lyman-Alpha Forest Data.
Thermal Equilibrium In The Early Universe is the contribution of Energy Density Contribution.
Thermal Equilibrium In The Early Universe is the impact of Expansion Rate.
Big Bang Nucleosynthesis Constraints is the constraint of Energy Density Contribution.
Dm Magnetic Or Electric Dipole Moments is the constraint of Photon Transverse Vacuum-Polarization Tensor.
Photon Transverse Vacuum-Polarization Tensor is the constraint of Running Of The Fine-Structure Constant.
Running Of The Fine-Structure Constant is the relationship of Electroweak Precision Observables.
High Energy Accelerator Experiments is the constraints of Particles With Effective Coupling To Photons.
Particles With Effective Coupling To Photons is the constraints of Free Quark Searches.
Particles With Effective Coupling To Photons is the constraints of Anomalous Single Photon Detector.
Particles With Effective Coupling To Photons is the constraints of Beam-Dump Experiments.
Beam-Dump Experiments is the constraints of Vector-Meson Decays.
Beam-Dump Experiments is the constraints of Drell-Yan Production.
Velocity Dispersion Of Dark Matter Halos follows Momentum Distribution Of Dark Matter Particles.
Momentum Distribution Of Dark Matter Particles follows Maxwell-Boltzmann Distribution.
Background Source Spectrum is the effects of Resonant Scattering.
Power-Law Spectrum is the assumption of Background Source Spectrum.
Cluster Features is the association of Dm Surface Density.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath105.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath106Km/S.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath107.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath13.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath2.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath108.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath109.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath110.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath111.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath112.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath113.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath114.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath115.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath116.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath117.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath118.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath119.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath120.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath121.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath122.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath123.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath124.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath77.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath48.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath38.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath39.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath125.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath126.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath127.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath128.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath129.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath130.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath131.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath132.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath133.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath134.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath135.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath136.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath137.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath138.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath139.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath140.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath141.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath142.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath143.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath144.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath145.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath146.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath147.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath148.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath149.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath150.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath151.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath152.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath153.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath154.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath155.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath156.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath157.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath158.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath159.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath161Msm.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath162(10).
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath163.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath164.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath165.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath166.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath167.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath168.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath169.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath170.
Xcite is the mentions of Xmath171.
Profumo publishs Astron. & Astrophys.
P. Ullio publishs Astron. & Astrophys.
J. Diemand publishs Mon. Not..
M. Zemp publishs Mon. Not..
B. Moore publishs Mon. Not. Soc..
J. Stadel publishs Mon. Not..
M. Carollo publishs Mon. Not..
S. Profumo publishs Phys..
K. Sigurdson publishs Phys..
M. Kamionkowski publishs Phys..
P. Bode publishs Astrophys. J..
J. P. Ostriker publishs Astrophys. J..
N. Turok publishs Astrophys. J..
T. Quinn publishs Mon. Not. Soc..
F. Governato publishs Mon. Not. Soc..
G. Lake publishs Mon. Not. Soc..
V. Avila-Reese publishs Astrophys. J..
P. Colin publishs Astrophys. J..
O. Valenzuela publishs Astrophys. J..
E. Donghia publishs Astrophys. J..
C. Firmani publishs Astrophys. J..
A. W. Strong publishs Arxiv: Astro-Ph/9811211.
A. W. Strong publishs Astrophys. J..
I. V. Moskalenko publishs Astrophys. J..
O. Reimer publishs Astrophys. J..