Studies Of Angular And Energy Dependence Of Muon Flux At The Earth S Surface is the study of Muon Flux.
Studies Of Angular And Energy Dependence Of Muon Flux At The Earth S Surface is the study of Energy Dependence.
Studies Of Angular And Energy Dependence Of Muon Flux At The Earth S Surface is the study of Angular Dependence.
Studies Of Angular And Energy Dependence Of Muon Flux At The Earth S Surface is the occurs at of Earth'S Surface.
Studies Of Angular And Energy Dependence Of Muon Flux At The Earth S Surface provides Processes Of Muon Generation.
Studies Of Angular And Energy Dependence Of Muon Flux At The Earth S Surface provides Propagation In The Atmosphere.
Studies Of Angular And Energy Dependence Of Muon Flux At The Earth S Surface provides Primary Cosmic Rays.
Measurements Of Muon Flux At Large Zenith Angles Up To 90 Degrees is the measurement of Muon Flux.
Measurements Of Muon Flux At Large Zenith Angles Up To 90 Degrees is the involves of Zenith Angles.
Measurements Of Muon Flux At Large Zenith Angles Up To 90 Degrees provides Primary Particles.
Measurements Of Muon Flux At Large Zenith Angles Up To 90 Degrees provides Higher Energies.
Experimental Studies Of Muon Intensity At Large Zenith Angles At The Ground Level is the study of Experimental Studies.
Experimental Studies Of Muon Intensity At Large Zenith Angles At The Ground Level is the occurs at of Muon Intensity.
Experimental Studies Of Muon Intensity At Large Zenith Angles At The Ground Level is the occurs at of Ground Level.
Experimental Studies Of Muon Intensity At Large Zenith Angles At The Ground Level is the involves of Threshold Energies.
Experimental Studies Of Muon Intensity At Large Zenith Angles At The Ground Level provides Investigations.
Experimental Studies Of Muon Intensity At Large Zenith Angles At The Ground Level provides Differential Muon Spectra.
Experimental Complex Nevod is the contains of Experimental Complex Nevod.
Experimental Complex Nevod is the contains of Water Cherenkov Calorimeter Nevod.
Experimental Complex Nevod is the contains of Coordinate Detector Decor.
Water Cherenkov Calorimeter Nevod haves Sensitive Volume.
Water Cherenkov Calorimeter Nevod haves Quasispherical Modules.
Water Cherenkov Calorimeter Nevod haves Pmts.
Coordinate Detector Decor is the contains of Supermodules.
Coordinate Detector Decor is the contains of Planes.
Planes is the contains of Chambers.
Chambers is the contains of Tubes.
Chambers haves Streamer Mode.
Chambers haves External Strip Read-Out System.
Supermodules haves Trigger.
Trigger is the triggers of Particles.
Data is the occurs at of Registration.
Data is the consists of of Events.
Range-Energy Tables provides Data Array.
Data Array is the contains of Threshold Energy.
Data Array is the contains of Zenith Angle.
Data Array is the contains of Azimuth Angle.
Data Array is the contains of Threshold Energy.
Muon Intensity Calculation is the uses of Data Array.
Muon Intensity Calculation is the uses of Live Time.
Muon Intensity Calculation is the uses of Efficiency.
Muon Intensity Calculation is the uses of Event Rejection.
Simulations provides Additional Experimental Data Analysis.
Values provides Setup Acceptance.
Values provides Absolute Muon Intensity.
Values provides Table.
Errors provides Table.
Approximation is the uses of Formula.
Formula is the contains of Parameters.
Formula is the uses of Fitting.
Fitting is the contains of Free Parameters.
Experimental Data provides Values.
Extrapolation is the uses of Experimental Data.
Research is the occurs at of Experimental Complex Nevod.
Research is the receives support of Support.
Support provides Federal Agency Of Education.
Support provides Federal Agency For Science And Innovations.
Support provides Contracts.
Support provides Program Of Support Of Leading Scientific Schools.
Authors is the author of Karmakar.
Authors is the author of A. Paul.
Authors is the author of N. Chaudhuri.
Journal publishs Nuovo Cimento B.
Conference presents 27Th Intern. Cosmic Ray Conf..