Jaynes-Cummings Model is the describes of Two-State Atom.
Jaynes-Cummings Model is the describes of Quantized Cavity Mode.
Hamiltonian is the describes of Jaynes-Cummings Model.
Magnetic Dipole is the in of Magnetic Field.
Rabi Oscillations is the leads to of Collapse.
Rabi Oscillations is the leads to of Revival.
Jaynes-Cummings Model relates Quantum Optics.
Researchers is the study of Jaynes-Cummings Model.
Photon is the in of Thermal Equilibrium.
Thermal Fluctuation is the results in of Infinite Series.
Trigonometric Function is the depends on of Time.
Coupling Constant is the affects of Angular Frequency.
Average Photon Number is the affects of Rabi Oscillations.
Fractional Revivals observes Quantum Wave Packets.
Hidden-Variable Model is the contrast to of Quantum Theory.
Quantum Theory is the contrast to of Hidden-Variable Model.
Entanglement removes Hidden-Variable Model.
Density Matrix represents Entanglement.
Quantum Correlations relates Quantum Logic.
Degrees Of Freedom is the number of of Hidden-Variable Model.
Compressible Fluid is the equivalent to of Trajectory.
Hamiltonian is the yields of Dynamics.
Numerical Calculation is the causes of Numerical Errors.
Angular Momenta relates Degrees Of Freedom.
External-Force-Dash is the causes of Xmath24.
External-Force-Dash is the affects of Velocity.
Bloch-Vector is the equivalent to of Compressible-Inviscid-Fluid.
Bloch-Vector is the equivalent to of Thermal-Jcm.
Thermal-Jcm is the causes of Compressible-Inviscid-Fluid.
Sphere-Container is the contains of Gas.
Gas is the movement caused by of Fictitious-Fluid-0.
Appendix-A holds Xmath167.
Xmath167 bes Conservative-Body-Force.
Gas is the under of Barotropic-Ideal-Fluid.
Barotropic-Ideal-Fluid is the applies to of Kelvins-Theorem.
Gas describes Navier-Stokes-Equations.
Hamiltonian provides Navier-Stokes-Equations.
Phase-Space constructs Hamiltonian.
Field-Of-The-Flow represents Lagrangian.
Field-Of-The-Density represents Lagrangian.
Hamiltons-Principle describes Lagrangian.
Non-Linear Dynamics Of The Fermion-Boson Model is the author of J.J. Sanchez-Mondragon.
Fractional Revivals: Universality In The Long-Term Evolution Of Quantum Wave Packets Beyond The Correspondence Principle Dynamics is the author of Averbukh, N.F. Perelman.
Coherence And Decay Of Rydberg Wave Packets is the author of J. Parker, C.R. Stroud, Jr..
On An Approach To The Study Of The Jaynes-Cummings Sum In Quantum Optics is the author of Karatsuba.
Application Of Ats In A Quantum-Optical Model is the author of Karatsuba, E.A. Karatsuba.
A Resummation Formula For Collapse And Revival In The Jaynes-Cummings Model is the author of Karatsuba, E.A. Karatsuba.
On Application Of The Functional Equation Of The Jacobi Theta Function To Approximation Of Atomic Inversion In The Jaynes-Cummings Model is the author of Karatsuba, E.A. Karatsuba.
Quasiperiodicity In Time Evolution Of The Bloch Vector Under The Thermal Jaynes-Cummings Model is the author of H. Azuma, M. Ban.
Speakable And Unspeakable In Quantum Mechanics is the author of Bell.
The Classical Theory Of Fields is the author of Landau, E.M. Lifshitz.
Fluid Mechanics is the author of L.D. Landau, E.M. Lifshitz.
Quantum Theory: Concepts And Methods is the author of A. Peres.
Quantum States With Einstein-Podolsky-Rosen Correlations Admitting A Hidden-Variable Model is the author of Werner.
Hydrodynamics is the author of H. Lamb.
An Introduction To Theoretical Fluid Mechanics is the author of S. Childress.
Hamiltonian Fluid Mechanics is the author of R. Salmon.