Dielectric Cavities attracts Applications.
Dielectric Cavities is the difference of Spectrum.
Dielectric Cavities is the interest of Resonances.
Dielectric Cavities is the poles of Scattering.
Wavelength is the smaller than of Cavities.
Wavelength is the useful of Semiclassical Techniques.
Trace Formulas is the powerful tool of Semiclassical Description.
2D Dielectric Cavities is the developed of Resonances.
2D Dielectric Cavities is the agreement of Experiments.
2D Dielectric Cavities is the agreement of Numerical Calculations.
2D Dielectric Cavities is the construction of Trace Formula.
Transverse Electric (Te) Polarization is the differs of Boundary Conditions.
Resonances requires Brewster'S Angle.
Resonances is the vanishes of Fresnel Reflection Coefficient.
Resonances is the developed of Asymptotic Formula.
Resonances determines Average Number Of Te Resonances.
Circular Dielectric Cavity is the permits of Analytical Solution.
Circular Dielectric Cavity is the fulfillment of Boundary Conditions.
Effective Index Approximation reduces Maxwell Equations.
Scalar Problems uses Helmholtz Equations.
Krein'S Spectral Shift Formula derives Weyl Series.
Asymptotic Formula provides Average Number Of Te Resonances.
Fresnel Reflection Coefficient is the reflection of Scattering.
Brewster'S Angle is the related of Resonances.
Boundary States calculates Resonances.
Symmetry Representations is the split of Resonances.
Reflection Symmetries is the equivalent to of Smaller Cavity.
Smaller Cavity is the imposes of Dirichlet Boundary Conditions.
Smaller Cavity is the imposes of Neumann Boundary Conditions.
Average Counting Function is the contributes to of Boundary Parts.
Average Counting Function is the contributes to of General Formula.
Boundary Parts haves Neumann Boundary Conditions.
Boundary Parts haves Dirichlet Boundary Conditions.
Dielectric Interface is the contributes to of General Formula.
Numerics is the applies to of Dielectric Cavities.
Numerics is the applies to of Square.
Numerics is the applies to of Stadium.
Resonance Eigen-Momenta is the defines of Density Of Resonances.
Zeros is the defines of Density Of Resonances.
Saddle Point Solutions is the corresponds to of Periodic Orbit.
Periodic Orbit is the determines of Classical Length.
Classical Length is the contributes to of Trace Formula.
Resonances is the contributes to of Trace Formula.
Refraction Index is the affects of Resonance Spectrum.
Fit Function is the contributes to of Resonance Spectrum.
Fitting Parameters is the defines of Fit Function.
Resonance Density is the contributes to of Resonance Spectrum.
Resonance Energy is the contributes to of Resonance Spectrum.
Resonance Width is the contributes to of Resonance Spectrum.
Krein Spectral Shift Formula is the contributes to of Resonance Spectrum.
Scattering is the applies to of Krein Spectral Shift Formula.
Bessel Functions is the applies to of Krein Spectral Shift Formula.
Hankel Function is the applies to of Krein Spectral Shift Formula.
Fresnel Reflection Coefficient is the applies to of Krein Spectral Shift Formula.
Polar Coordinates is the uses of Scattering On A Circular Dielectric Cavity.
Asymptotic is the uses of Scattering On A Circular Dielectric Cavity.
Krein Formula is the applies to of Scattering On A Circular Dielectric Cavity.
Wave is the applies to of Scattering On A Circular Dielectric Cavity.
Reflection Coefficient is the applies to of Scattering On A Circular Dielectric Cavity.
Current Conservation is the explains of Reflection Coefficient.
Refraction Index is the affects of Reflection Coefficient.
Reflection Coefficient is the sign of Expression.
Expression is the rewrite of Matrix.
Matrix is the on of Scattering.
Scattering is the on of Cavity.
Cavity is the with of Boundary Condition.
Phase relates Density Of States.
Density Of States is the calculation of Matrix.
Density Of States is the change of Resonances.
Resonances is the difference of Density Of Resonances.
Weyl Formula is the include of Brewster'S Angle.
Optical Microcavities discusss Microresonators.
Chaos is the in of Classical Mechanics.
Chaos is the in of Quantum Mechanics.
Quantum Signatures is the of of Chaos.
Scattering Theory is the of of Waves.
Scattering Theory is the of of Particles.
Finite Systems is the of of Spectra.
Transcendental Functions is the of of Higher Transcendental Functions.
Europhys Lett is the from of Krein.
Krein is the and of J. Phys. Gen..