Hadronic Final State is the final state of of Collisions.
Collisions is the energy level of 200 Gev.
Collisions provides Reference.
Collisions relates High-Energy Nuclear Collisions.
High-Energy Nuclear Collisions is the occurs at of Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider.
High-Energy Nuclear Collisions is the occurs at of Large Hadron Collider.
Claims bases Novel Physics.
Claims is the should be based on of Higher Energies.
Claims is the should be based on of Collision Systems.
Claims is the should be based on of Accurate Phenomenology.
Theoretical Descriptions bases 200 Gev.
Experimental Descriptions bases 200 Gev.
Theoretical Descriptions is the describe of Incomplete Aspects.
Experimental Descriptions is the describe of Incomplete Aspects.
Incomplete Aspects relates Role Of Collision Centrality.
Role Of Collision Centrality is the in relation to of Low-@Xmath3 Gluon Transverse Structure.
Nature Of Underlying Event defines Complementary Contributions.
Nature Of Underlying Event defines Event-Wise-Triggered High-Energy Dijet.
Systematics Of Minimum-Bias Dijet Production manifests Spectra.
Systematics Of Minimum-Bias Dijet Production manifests Angular Correlations.
Possible Existence And Phenomenology Of Nonjet Azimuth Quadrupole Component relates 2D Angular Correlations.
Possible Existence And Phenomenology Of Nonjet Azimuth Quadrupole Component relates Nonjet Azimuth Quadrupole Component.
Nonjet Azimuth Quadrupole Component observes 2D Angular Correlations.
Nonjet Azimuth Quadrupole Component studys 2D Angular Correlations.
Nonjet Azimuth Quadrupole Component relates Same-Side Ridge.
Mathematical Model bases Phenomenology.
Phenomenology is the offers context for of Connection.
Phenomenology is the offers context for of Manifestations.
Single-Particle Spectra is the dependent on of 200 Gev.
Single-Particle Spectra is the dependent on of Integral Densities.
Single-Particle Spectra is the dependent on of 2D Angular Correlations.
Connection relates Centrality.
Connection relates Nonjet Quadrupole Component.
Three-Component Model is the explores of Systematics.
Three-Component Model is the explores of Possible Correspondence.
Three-Component Model is the explores of Centrality.
Three-Component Model is the explores of Underlying Event Structure.
Three-Component Model is the explores of Dijet Production.
Three-Component Model is the explores of Partonic Structure.
Three-Component Model is the explores of Projectile Protons.
Three-Component Model is the explores of Hadron Densities.
Three-Component Model is the explores of Pseudorapidity.
Systematic Uncertainties is the discusses of Discussion.
Ridge Properties relates Same-Side Ridge.
Ridge Properties relates Proposed Mechanism.
Two-Particle Angular Correlation Analysis Methods applys Collisions.
Two-Particle Angular Correlation Analysis Methods is the describes of Technical Aspects.
Two-Particle Angular Correlation Analysis Methods analyzes Final-State Hadrons.
Two-Particle Angular Correlation Analysis Methods analyzes Cylindrical 3D Momentum Space.
Xmath121 is the maximum of of Xmath122.
Xmath122 is the consistent with of Xcite.
Xcite is the results from of Xmath122.
Xcite is the results from of Xmath122.
Xcite is the quantitatively consistent with of Xmath123.
Xcite is the correspondence between of Xmath150.
Xcite is the correspondence between of Xmath150.
Xcite is the correspondence between of Xmath150.
Xcite is the correspondence between of Xmath150.
Nj Quadrupole is the synonymous of Collectivity.
Collectivity is the synonymous of Flow.
Introducing The Term `` Collectivity '' is the synonymous of Flow.
Dijet Production follows Trends.
Nj Quadrupole Amplitude follows Trends.
Particle Density is the vary of Collision System.
Hydrodynamic Flow is the unlikely role of Unlikely.
Fluid Motion results Particle Rescattering.
Dijet Production characterizes Trends.
Nj Quadrupole Amplitude characterizes Trends.
Particle Density is the supports of Collision System.
Collision System is the vary of Particle Density.
Collision System is the unlikely role of Hydrodynamic Flow.
Centrality is the principle of Ambiguity.
Centrality is the relevant of Geometry.
Centrality correlates Total.
Centrality correlates Triggered Dijets.
Centrality correlates Transverse Low-Parton Density.
Centrality correlates Correlated.
Centrality correlates Measured Ensemble-Mean Pdfs.
Centrality correlates Event-Wise Participant-Parton Distributions.
Centrality correlates Initial Momentum Transfer.
Centrality correlates Event-Wise Fluctuations.
Centrality correlates Soft-Hadron Production.
Centrality correlates Transverse Geometry.
Centrality correlates Collision Aspect.
Centrality correlates Angular Correlations.
Centrality correlates Eikonal Approximation.
Centrality correlates Binary-Collision Scaling.
Centrality correlates Encounters.
Centrality correlates Participant-Gluon Pairs.
Centrality correlates Jet-Triggered Collisions.
Centrality correlates Tr Yield.
Centrality correlates Soft Background.
Centrality correlates Simulations.
Centrality correlates Tcm.
Centrality correlates Hadron Production.
Centrality correlates Dijets.
Centrality correlates Multiplicity Collisions.
Centrality correlates Jet Fragments.
Centrality correlates Angular Correlations Data.
Centrality correlates Jet Formation.
Centrality correlates Constituent-Quark Model.
Centrality correlates Data.
Centrality correlates Tcm Agreement.
Centrality correlates Constituent-Quark Model.
Centrality correlates Physical Mechanisms.
Centrality correlates 200 Gev Densities.
Centrality correlates Charge-Multiplicity Dependence.
Centrality correlates Single-Particle Densities.
Centrality correlates Transverse Rapidity.
Centrality correlates Pseudorapidity.
Centrality correlates 2D Angular Correlations.
Centrality correlates Model Parameters.
Centrality correlates Mean Density.
Centrality correlates Nj Quadrupole Amplitude.
Collision Energy is the determines of Collision Aspects.
Collision Aspects is the modifies of Radial Flow.
Collision Aspects is the modifies of Sp Spectra.
Collision Aspects relates T.A. Trainor.
Collision Aspects relates D.T. Kettler.
Collision Aspects relates D.J. Prindle.
Collision Aspects relates R.L. Ray.
Collision Aspects relates G. Agakishiev.
Collision Aspects relates S. Gavin.
Collision Aspects relates L. Mclerran.
Collision Aspects relates G. Moschelli.
Collision Aspects relates B.Z. Kopeliovich.
Collision Aspects relates A.H. Rezaeian.
Collision Aspects relates I. Schmidt.
Collision Aspects relates Cms Collaboration.
Collision Aspects relates J. Adams.
Collision Aspects relates R.J. Porter.
Collision Aspects relates M.B. De Kock.
Collision Aspects relates H.C. Eggers.
Collision Aspects relates M. Gyulassy.
Collision Aspects relates B.B. Back.
Collision Aspects relates D. Kharzeev.
S. S. Adler is the member of of Phenix Collaboration.
Levin is the collaborator of S. S. Adler.