Quantum Mechanics plays Principle Of Quantum Superposition.
Quantum Superposition recognizes Quantum States.
Quantum States relates Quantum-To-Classical Transition.
Quantum States relates Technological Applications.
Environment is the causes of Loss Of Coherence In Quantum Systems.
Environment is the receives of Mathematical Treatment.
Mathematical Treatment is the leads to of Master Equations.
Master Equations is the satisfy of Markov Approximation.
Master Equations is the can be put into of Lindblad Form.
Stochastic Methods uses Master Equations.
Stochastic Methods uses Operator Techniques.
Operator Techniques is the commonly used with of Random Evolution Operators.
Random Evolution Operators is the contains of Decohering Effect.
Density Operator deduces Master Equations.
Jaynes-Cummings Model is the describes of Resonant Multiphoton Jc Hamiltonian.
Jaynes-Cummings Model is the studies of Atomic Inversion.
Jaynes-Cummings Model is the studies of Photon Number Distribution.
Jaynes-Cummings Model is the introduces of Phase Damping Term.
Stochastic Term adds Density Operator.
Heisenberg Picture is the changes to of Schrdinger Picture.
White Noise defines Standard Real Brownian Motion.
Standard Real Brownian Motion uses Expectation Value.
Lindbladian Master Equation obtains Stochastic Average.
Lindbladian Master Equation obtains Random Unitary Evolution.
Markovian is the necessary in of Stochastic Term.
Nonmarkovian is the not necessary in of Stochastic Term.
Nonmarkovian is the may add term like of Arbitrary Real-Valued Function.
Arbitrary Real-Valued Function is the encodes of Time Response.
Lindbladian Master Equation is the with selfadjoint of Lindblad Operators.
Lindbladian Nonmarkovian Master Equation is the with selfadjoint of Lindblad Operators.
Lindbladian Nonmarkovian Master Equation is the trivial extension to more than one of Extension.
Decoherence Process is the irreversible process , no coherence recovery of Coherence.
Decoherence Process is the time dependence suggests classification of environments of Time Response.
Decoherence Process is the time-dependent factor of Decoherence Factor.
Decoherence Models is the generalization of of Intrinsic Decoherence Models.
Decoherence Models is the drive to evolution equation of Evolution Equation.
Evolution Equation is the arrives at of Lindbladian Master Equation.
Evolution Equation is the arrives at of Lindbladian Nonmarkovian Master Equation.
Evolution Operator modifys Lindbladian Master Equation.
Evolution Operator derives Physical Predictions.
Quantum System Parameter is the random parameter in of Evolution Operator.
Physical Systems is the focus on of Rydberg Atom.
Physical Systems is the focus on of Linear Rf Ion Trap.
Rydberg Atom is the in of Optical Cavity.
Rydberg Atom is the describes interaction with electromagnetic field of Jcm Model.
Jcm Model is the inclusion of of Dissipation.
Jcm Model is the inclusion of of Damping.
Jcm Model is the generalization to of Multi-Atom System.
Jcm Model is the generalization to of Multi-Level Atom.
Jcm Model is the generalization to of Generalized-Interaction System.
Jcm Model is the generalization to of Multiple-Mode System.
Jcm Model is the stochastic part in of Coupling Constant.
Jcm Model is the effects of in stochastic part of Approximations.
Jcm Model is the drive to evolution equation of Evolution Equation.
Physical Predictions derives Evolution Operator.
Physical Predictions derives Quantum System.
Physical Predictions derives Quantum System Parameter.
Physical Predictions is the kept untouched of Quantum Principles.
Decoherence Sources is the not needed , departure from ideality within jcm assumptions of Environment.
Decoherence Sources is the not affected , departure from ideality within jcm assumptions of Quantum Principles.
Experimental Evidence is the direct evidence of of Field Quantization.
Rydberg Atom is the in of High-Q Optical Cavity.
Rydberg Atom is the describes interaction with electromagnetic field of Jcm Model.
Jcm Model is the inclusion of of Dissipation.
Jcm Model is the inclusion of of Damping.
Jcm Model is the generalization to of Multi-Atom System.
Jcm Model is the generalization to of Multi-Level Atom.
Jcm Model is the generalization to of Generalized-Interaction System.
Jcm Model is the generalization to of Multiple-Mode System.
Jcm Model is the stochastic part in of Coupling Constant.
Jcm Model is the effects of in stochastic part of Approximations.
Jcm Model is the drive to evolution equation of Evolution Equation.
Physical Predictions derives Evolution Operator.
Physical Predictions derives Quantum System.
Physical Predictions derives Quantum System Parameter.
Physical Predictions is the kept untouched of Quantum Principles.
Experimental Data is the better fit of Com.
Experimental Data is the better fit of Ion.
Math135 is the dependent quantity of Math141.
Math113 is the dependent quantity of Com.
Math142 is the rate of Phenomenologically Decoherence Rate.
Peculiar Exponent is the insufficient explanation of Physical Explanation.
Peculiar Exponent is the physical explanation of Literature.
New Proposal bases Random Evolution Schemes.
Argument is the dependency of Exponential Decaying Function.
Stochastic Calculus is the combination of Spectral Theorem.
Physical Realization affects Energy Levels.
Com Mode affects Stochastic Perturbation.
Trap couples Boson Reservoir.
Decoherence is the attention paid of Detected Decoherence.
Density Operator gives Interaction Picture.
Expectation Value calculates Techniques.
Ion Trap sets Fock State.
Ion Trap sets Ground State.
Ion Trap is the scheme of Probability.
Physical Assumptions is the dependent on of Brownian Motions.
Density Operator is the expression for of Density Matrix Elements.
Density Operator is the structure similar to of Experimental Ones.
Stochastic Methods uses Hilbert Space.
Stochastic Methods uses Quantum Optics.
Stochastic Methods uses Foundations Of Quantum Mechanics.
Stochastic Methods uses Quantum Systems.
Stochastic Methods uses Quantum Informational Systems.
Stochastic Methods uses Quantum Computational Systems.
Scalability is the relationship with of Quantum Informational Tasks.
Scalability is the relationship with of Quantum Computational Tasks.
Stochastic Processes is the utility for of Intrinsic Decohering Effects.
Quantum Principles is the modification of of Quantum Mechanics.
Environmental Effect is the effect on of Quantum Computational Systems.
Mathematical Remark is the comparison with of Commuting Case.
Mathematical Remark is the comparison with of Noncommuting Case.
Ito'S Formula is the application in of Stochastic Term.
Lindblad Operators is the structure of of Master Equations.
Jaynes-Cummings Model is the comparison with of Cavity Qed.
Jaynes-Cummings Model is the comparison with of Ion Traps.
Dynamical Collapse Models is the comparison with of Stochastic Processes.
Madrid Education Council is the acknowledgment of Grant.
Moments is the calculation of of Stochastic Process.