Sodium Cobalt Oxide is the discovery of Superconductivity.
Sodium Cobalt Oxide is the intercalation of Water Molecules.
Planer Structure is the similarity of Cuo.
Cuo is the similarity of Cuprates.
Triangular Lattice is the difference of Square Lattice.
Triangular Lattice is the frustration of Antiferromagnetic Interactions.
Sodium Cobalt Oxide tunes Carrier Density.
Sodium Doping is the affects of Sodium Cobalt Oxide.
Sodium Doping is the appearance of Phase Diagram.
Superconductivity is the occurrence of Doping Regime.
Sodium Cobalt Oxide is the confirmation of Superconducting Gap.
Superconducting Gap is the confirmation of Specific-Heat Measurements.
Superconducting Gap is the confirmation of Muon Spin Relaxation Experiments.
Cooper Pairs is the unknown of Symmetry.
Pairing Symmetry is the measurement of Spin Susceptibility.
Spin Susceptibility is the decrease of Knight Shift.
Knight Shift is the possibility of Spin-Triplet Superconducting State.
Knight Shift is the suggestion of Spin-Singlet Pairing.
Fermi Surface Topology is the support of Angle-Resolved Photoemission Spectroscopy.
Fermi Surface Topology is the support of Mn Doping Effects.
Pairing Symmetry is the controversial of Superconductivity.
Triangular Lattice hosts Rvb State.
Rvb State is the association of Unconventional Superconductor.
Triangular Lattice is the theoretical investigation of Hubbard Model.
Hubbard Model finds Repulsive On-Site Interaction.
Spin Susceptibility is the measurement of Knight Shift.
Knight Shift is the possibility of Spin-Triplet Superconducting State.
Knight Shift is the suggestion of Spin-Singlet Pairing.
Pairing Symmetry is the challenge of Microscopic Perspective.
Pairing Symmetry is the development of Phenomenological Theories.
Andreev Bound States is the connection of Edge States.
Edge States is the association of Pairing Symmetry.
Ft-Sts Experiments is the insight of Momentum Resolutions.
Ft-Sts Experiments is the observation of Edge States.
Momentum-Resolved Ldos is the indicator of Pairing Symmetry.
Bogoliubov-De Gennes Hamiltonian is the inclusion of Nearest-Neighbor Hopping.
Bogoliubov-De Gennes Hamiltonian is the absence of Particle-Hole Symmetry.
Band Maximum is the implication of Pairing Amplitudes.
Pairing Amplitudes is the dependence of Symmetric Pairing.
Pairing Amplitudes is the dependence of Antisymmetric Pairing.
Pairing Symmetry is the consideration of Boundary Topologies.
Boundary Topologies is the discussion of Zigzag Edge.
Boundary Topologies is the discussion of Flat Edge.
Zigzag Edge is the orientation of Spatial Coordinates.
Zigzag Edge is the introduction of Nambu Basis.
Zigzag Edge is the application of Tight-Binding Approximation.
Zigzag Edge is the identification of Nodal Lines.
Zigzag Edge is the transformation of Susy Form.
Susy Form is the classification of Zero-Energy States.
Zero-Energy States is the association of Susy Parity.
Harper Equations is the construction of Edge State.
Generalized Bloch Theorem is the construction of Edge State.
Susy Algebra is the relates to of Energy.
Energy is the relates to of Susy Hamiltonian.
Susy Hamiltonian haves Eigenstates.
Eigenstates is the relates to of Witten Parities.
Witten Parities is the transforms to of Energy Spectrum.
Energy Spectrum bes Symmetric.
Eigenstates is the lives in of Null Space.
Null Space haves Complex Supercharge.
Null Space bes Good Susy.
Null Space bes Bad Susy.
Good Susy carrys Ground State.
Bad Susy carrys Ground State.
Condensed Matter Systems gives Good Susy.
Good Susy is the causes of Zero-Energy Anomaly.
Bad Susy bes Energy Spectrum.