Extended Hubbard Model is the describes of Anisotropic Spin Exchange Interactions.
Extended Hubbard Model is the describes of Magnetism.
Extended Hubbard Model is the describes of Electron Orderings.
Extended Hubbard Model is the describes of Narrow Band Systems.
Anisotropic Spin Exchange Interactions is the describes of Easy-Plane Magnetic Anisotropy.
Anisotropic Spin Exchange Interactions is the describes of Easy-Axis Magnetic Anisotropy.
Extended Hubbard Model is the describes of Zero-Bandwidth Limit.
Zero-Bandwidth Limit is the describes of Hamiltonian.
Hamiltonian is the describes of On-Site Density Interaction.
Hamiltonian is the describes of Intersite Magnetic Exchange Interaction.
Intersite Magnetic Exchange Interaction is the describes of Site.
Site is the describes of Creation Operator.
Creation Operator is the describes of Electron.
Electron is the describes of Spin.
Creation Operator is the describes of Site.
Hamiltonian is the describes of Chemical Potential.
Chemical Potential is the describes of Electron Density.
Electron Density is the describes of Lattice Sites.
Extended Hubbard Model is the describes of Magnetic Interactions.
On-Site Density Interaction is the describes of Magnetic Interactions.
Magnetic Interactions is the describes of Magnetic Ordered Insulators.
On-Site Density Interaction is the describes of Electron-Phonon Coupling.
On-Site Density Interaction is the describes of Electron-Electronic Subsystems Coupling.
On-Site Density Interaction is the describes of Positive Interactions.
Positive Interactions is the describes of Ferromagnetic Case.
Positive Interactions is the describes of Antiferromagnetic Case.
Ferromagnetic Case is the describes of Interpenetrating Sublattices.
Antiferromagnetic Case is the describes of Interpenetrating Sublattices.
Extended Hubbard Model is the describes of Phase Diagram.
Phase Diagram is the describes of Variational Approach.
Variational Approach is the describes of Mean-Field Approximation.
Mean-Field Approximation is the describes of Collective Excitations.
Phase Diagram is the describes of Self-Consistent Equations.
Self-Consistent Equations is the describes of Homogeneous Phases.
Homogeneous Phases is the describes of Order Parameter.
Order Parameter is the describes of Magnetization.
Phase Diagram is the describes of Phase Separation.
Phase Separation is the describes of Free Energy.
Phase Separation is the describes of Transition.
Transition is the describes of Tricritical Point.
Particle-Hole Symmetry is the describes of Hamiltonian.
Transition is the describes of Transition Temperature.
Transition is the describes of Metastable States.
Transition is the describes of Unstable States.
Perturbation Expansion is the describes of Hopping.
Perturbation Expansion is the describes of Finite Bandwidth Models.