Bose-Einstein Condensates is the realization of Ultracold Atomic Gases.
Ultracold Atomic Gases is the advancement of Traditional Atomic, Molecular, And Optical Physics.
Ultracold Atomic Gases is the advancement of Quantum Information Science.
Atom-Molecule Dark State is the observation of Coherent Two-Color Photoassociation.
Coherent Two-Color Photoassociation is the production of Molecules.
Ultracold Atomic Gases is the pursuit of Heteronuclear Molecules.
Heteronuclear Molecules is the application of Polar Molecular Quantum Computer.
Atom-Molecule Dark State is the manipulation of Quantum Optical State.
Atom-Molecule Dark State is the manipulation of Quantum Superchemistry.
Atom-Molecule Dark State is the design of Hybrid Atom-Molecule Device.
Atom-Molecule Dark State is the design of Quantum Control Of Photonic Information.
Associating Light is the study of Atom-Heteronuclear Molecule Dark State.
Atom-Heteronuclear Molecule Dark State is the effect of Optical Storage Process.
Atom-Heteronuclear Molecule Dark State is the effect of Initial Populations Imbalance.
Atom-Heteronuclear Molecule Dark State is the comparison of Optical Storage.
Atom-Heteronuclear Molecule Dark State is the comparison of Processing.
Atom-Heteronuclear Molecule Dark State is the comparison of Retrieval.
Atom-Heteronuclear Molecule Dark State is the study of Quantum State Transfer Process.
Closed-Channel Molecular Field is the description of Quantized Length.
Closed-Channel Molecular Field is the description of Coupling Coefficient.
Signal Light is the description of Atom-Molecule Hybrid System.
Atom-Molecule Hybrid System is the indication of Quantum Memory Device.
Atom-Molecule Hybrid System is the indication of Optical Storage Process.
Atom-Molecule Hybrid System is the indication of Processing.
Atom-Molecule Hybrid System is the indication of Retrieval.
Atom-Molecule Hybrid System is the indication of Quantum State Transfer Process.
Quantum State Transfer Process is the observation of Closed-Channel Molecular Field.
Quantum State Transfer Process is the observation of Quantized Length.
Quantum State Transfer Process is the observation of Coupling Coefficient.
Quantum State Transfer Process is the observation of Velocity.
Quantum State Transfer Process is the observation of Time.
Quantum State Transfer Process is the observation of Slow Light Propagation.
Quantum State Transfer Process is the observation of Matter-Wave Mediums.
Quantum State Transfer Process is the observation of Atomic Ensemble.
Quantum State Transfer Process is the observation of Homonuclear Diatomic Molecules.
Quantum State Transfer Process is the observation of Heteronuclear Diatomic Molecules.
Quantum State Transfer Process is the observation of Heteronuclear Triatomic Molecules.
Quantum State Transfer Process is the observation of Group Velocity.
Quantum State Transfer Process is the observation of Decay Of Molecular States.
Decay Of Molecular States is the effect of Group Velocity Of The Signal Light.
Decay Of Molecular States is the effect of Group Velocity Of The Signal Light.
Molecular Matter-Wave Soliton Laser is the realization of Coherent Atom-Molecule Conversion Process.
Coherent Atom-Molecule Conversion Process is the description of Total Hamiltonian.
Coherent Atom-Molecule Conversion Process is the consideration of Particle Collisions.
Coherent Atom-Molecule Conversion Process is the description of Molecular Matter-Wave Field.
Molecular Matter-Wave Field is the approach of Mean-Field Approach.
Mean-Field Approach is the approach of Closed-Channel Molecules.
Closed-Channel Molecules is the derivation of Nonlinear Mean-Field Gross-Pitaevskii Equation.
Nonlinear Mean-Field Gross-Pitaevskii Equation is the support of Gray Soliton Solution.
Gray Soliton Solution is the support of Dark Soliton.
Dark Soliton is the observation of Molecular Grey Soliton.
Molecular Grey Soliton is the observation of Counter-Propagating Control Fields.
Molecular Grey Soliton is the observation of Molecular Matter-Wave Solitons.
Molecular Matter-Wave Solitons is the consideration of Light-Molecule Entanglement.
Light-Molecule Entanglement is the application of Non-Classical Pa Light.
Light-Molecule Entanglement is the application of Quantum Switch.
Quantum Switch is the consideration of Multi-Level Atom-Molecule System.
Quantum Switch is the consideration of Quantum Memory Device.
Light is the relates to of Bec - Bcs Crossover.
Bec - Bcs Crossover is the relates to of Fermionic Atomic Sample.
Polarization Rotation is the relates to of Slow Light.
Slow Light is the relates to of Laguerre - Gaussian Signal Modes.
Weiping Zhang supports National Science Foundation Of China.
Weiping Zhang supports Grant No . 10588402.
Weiping Zhang supports Grant No . 10474055.
Weiping Zhang supports National Basic Research Program Of China.
Weiping Zhang supports Grant No . 2006Cb921104.
Weiping Zhang supports Science And Technology Commission Of Shanghai Municipality.
Weiping Zhang supports Grant No . 06Jc14026.
Weiping Zhang supports Grant No . 05Pj14038.
Weiping Zhang supports Program Of Shanghai Subject Chief Scientist.
Weiping Zhang supports Grant No . 08Xd14017.
Weiping Zhang supports Program For Changjiang Scholars And Innovative Research Team.
Weiping Zhang supports Shanghai Leading Academic Discipline Project.
Weiping Zhang supports Grant No . B480.
Weiping Zhang supports Research Fund For The Doctoral Program Of Higher Education.
Weiping Zhang supports Grant No . 20040003101.
H. Y. Ling publishs Phys . 93 * , 250403 ( 2004 ).
H. Pu publishs A.Nunnenkamp , D. Meiser , And P. Meystre , New J. Phys . * 8 * , 88 ( 2006 ).
B. Seaman publishs H. Jing , Y. J. Jiang , Weiping Zhang , And P. Meystre , _ Ibid . _ * 10 * , 123005 ( 2008 ).
R. Zhao , Y. O. Dudin , S. D. Jenkins , C. J. Campbell , D. N. Matsukevich , T. A. B. Kennedy , And A.Kuzmich , Nature Phys . * 5 * , 100 ( 2009 ) is the citation of B. Zhao , Y. A. Chen , X. H. Bao , T. Strassel , C. S. Chuu , X. M. Jin , J. Schmiedmayer , Z. S. Yuan , S. Chen , And J. W. Pan , Nature Phys . * 5 * , 95 ( 2009 ).
J. Denschlag , J. E. Simsarian , D. L. Feder , C. W. Clark , L. A. Collins , J. Cubizolles , L. Deng , E. W. Hagley , K. Helmerson , W. P. Reinhardt , S. L. Rolston , B. I. Schneider , And W. D. Phillips , Science , * 287 * , 97 ( 2000 ) is the citation of R. Zhao , Y. O. Dudin , S. D. Jenkins , C. J. Campbell , D. N. Matsukevich , T. A. B. Kennedy , And A.Kuzmich , Nature Phys . * 5 * , 100 ( 2009 ).