Inas / Gaas Qds grows Molecular-Beam Epitaxy.
Inas / Gaas Qds grows Gaas Substrates.
Inas / Gaas Qds is the thermally annealed of In, Ga)As / Gaas Qds.
Inas / Gaas Qds is the effective volume of Localization Volumes.
Inas / Gaas Qds is the contains of Layers.
Layers is the contains of Qds.
Qds is the weakly doped of P-Type.
Qds dopes Carbon Doping.
Qds is the contains of Resident Hole.
Qds is the shows of Photoluminescence Spectrum.
Spin Noise Spectroscopy performs Qds.
Qds mounts Optical Cryostat.
Qds tunes Probe Laser.
Probe Laser is the detects of Faraday Rotation Fluctuations.
Probe Laser is the transmits of Stochastic Fluctuations.
Probe Laser is the detects of Balanced Photodiodes.
Balanced Photodiodes is the outputs of Amplified Output Voltage.
Amplified Output Voltage is the measures of Noise Power.
Qds affects Magnetic Fields.
Magnetic Fields is the eliminates of Photon Shot Noise.
Magnetic Fields is the eliminates of Amplifier Noise.
Magnetic Fields is the shifts of Spin Noise Signals.
Probe Laser is the minimizes of Heating.
Probe Laser is the minimizes of Self-Pumping.
Probe Laser is the detects of Spin Noise Signals.
Probe Laser is the recovers of Spin Noise Signals.
Probe Laser is the measures of Spin Noise Signals.
Probe Laser is the detects of Spin Noise Signals.
Probe Laser is the arises from of Spin Noise Signals.
Probe Laser is the excludes of Buffer Layers.
Probe Laser is the excludes of Wetting Layers.
Probe Laser is the excludes of Semiconductor Wafer.
Probe Laser is the sensitive to of Resident Holes.
Probe Laser is the maximizes of Spin Noise Signals.
Probe Laser is the pumps of Resonant Qds.
Probe Laser is the not sensitive to of Resonant Qds.
Probe Laser is the sensitive to of Resident Holes.
Probe Laser is the functions as of Faraday Rotation Measurement.
Probe Laser is the probes of Spin Polarization.
Probe Laser is the measures of Spin Noise Measurement.
Probe Laser is the detects of Spin Noise Signals.
Probe Laser dos Spin Noise Signals.
Probe Laser is the measures of Spin Lifetime.
Probe Laser is the avoids of Photogenerated Particles.
Probe Laser is the reduces of Probe Laser Intensities.
Probe Laser is the increases of Spot Sizes.
Probe Laser is the maintains of Spin Correlation Times.
Probe Laser is the broadens of Spin Noise Peak.
Probe Laser dos Spin Noise Signals.
Probe Laser is the avoids of Photoexcited Carriers.
Probe Laser is the detects of Total Spin Noise Signal.
Probe Laser is the increases with of Total Spin Noise Signal.
Probe Laser dos Total Spin Noise Signal.
Magnetic Fields is the leads to of Spin Noise.
Electron-Doped Bulk Gaas is the contains of Conduction Band Electrons.
Electron-Doped Bulk Gaas dopes N-Type Bulk Gaas.
Conduction Band Electrons is the interacts with of Lattice Nuclei.
Lattice Nuclei is the affects of Nuclear Spin Bath.
Conduction Band Electrons affects Magnetic Fields.
Magnetic Fields is the shifts of Transverse Applied Magnetic Field.
Transverse Applied Magnetic Field is the shifts to of Larmor Frequency.
Qd Holes is the spectra of Spin Noise.
Figure 2 mentions Qd Holes.
Spin Noise is the remains of Transverse.
Transverse is the affects of Effective Nuclear Field.
Probe Laser uses Gaas Wafer.
Gaas Wafer is the part of of Sample A.
Sample A is the in of Applied Magnetic Field.
Electron Spin Noise Spectra demonstrates Applied Magnetic Field.
Toy Model constructs Hole Spin Noise.
Hole Spin Noise is the depends on of Hole G-Factors.
Hole G-Factors is the contains of Heavy Holes.
Hole G-Factors is the contains of Light Hole States.
P-Type Self-Assembled Iii-V Quantum Dots is the contains of Hole G-Factors.
Ensemble Dephasing is the dephases of Central Hole Spins.
Nuclear Spin Co-Flips is the reveals of Central Spin Relaxation.
Effective Hamiltonian is the interacts with of Central Hole Spins.
Xmath120 is the describes of Xmath160.
Xmath107 reflects Xmath161.
Xmath161 gives Xmath162.
Xmath163 is the agrees with of Xmath162.
Xmath156 is the accounts for of Xmath163.
Xmath120 is the exceeds of Xmath164.
Xmath164 is the suppresses flip-flop transition rate of Xmath164.
Xmath164 is the disagrees with assumption of single relaxation time of Xmath164.
Xmath165 is the contributes to nuclear spin dynamics of Xmath165.
Xmath165 estimates Xmath165.
Xmath165 is the introduces coupling terms of Xmath165.
Xmath165 is the allows dipole interactions of Xmath165.
Xmath165 is the induces fast intrinsic dynamics of Xmath165.
Xmath165 is the contributes to stir fluctuations of Xmath165.
Xmath165 is the induces relaxation of central spin of Xmath165.
Xmath165 is the involves quadrupole nuclear interactions of Xmath165.
Xmath165 is the broadens solid state nmr-lineshapes of Xmath165.
Xmath165 dos Xmath165.
Xmath23 is the corresponds to of Xmath166.
Xmath166 follows Xmath167.
Xmath168 is the decreases with of Xmath23.
Xmath168 is the agrees with experimental data of Xmath23.