Cocoon is the connection of Jet.
Cocoon is the determines of Numerical Simulations.
Cocoon is the elucidates of Analytical Estimates.
Cocoon relates Pressure.
Pressure relates Energy.
Pressure relates Cocoon Volume.
Cocoon is the expands at of Velocity.
Cocoon idealizes Cone.
Cocoon is the develops into of Blastwave.
Energy is the drives of Blastwave.
Energy is the drives of Observable Outflow.
Energy is the drives of Precursor.
Energy deposits Energy Emitted.
Energy Emitted relates Cocoon Volume.
Cocoon requires Gamma-Ray Emission.
Gamma-Ray Emission is the results in of Internal Shocks.
Gamma-Ray Emission is the produces of Gamma Rays.
Gamma-Ray Emission is the affects of Variable Jet.
Gamma-Ray Emission is the affects of Afterglow.
Gamma-Ray Emission requires Central Engine.
Central Engine is the produces of Gamma Rays.
Central Engine is the drives of Kinetic Luminosity.
Central Engine is the relates to of Gamma-Ray Energy.
Central Engine is the relates to of Luminosity.
Net Energy represents Counterjet.
Gamma-Ray Half Opening Angle is the equals of Jet.
Stellar Envelope is the within of Stellar Progenitors.
Stellar Envelope relates Redshift.
Stellar Envelope is the affects of Jet Opening Angle.
Stellar Envelope requires Isotropic Kinetic Luminosity.
Stellar Envelope requires Mass Per Unit Radius.
Stellar Envelope requires Gamma-Ray Efficiency.
Stellar Envelope haves Radial Average Value.
Radial Average Value relates Radial Average Value Of Energy.
Radial Average Value relates Radial Average Value Of Mass.
Radial Average Value relates Radial Average Value Of Gamma-Ray Efficiency.
Stellar Model is the relates to of Stellar Progenitors.
Burst relates Fluence.
Burst precedes Duration.
Burst relates Redshift.
Burst is the affects of Jet Opening Angle.
Burst requires Isotropic Kinetic Luminosity.
Burst requires Mass Per Unit Radius.
Burst requires Gamma-Ray Efficiency.
Burst haves Radial Average Value.
Radial Average Value relates Radial Average Value Of Energy.
Radial Average Value relates Radial Average Value Of Mass.
Radial Average Value relates Radial Average Value Of Gamma-Ray Efficiency.
Gamthetawind is the relation of Ltildewind.
Inside Star is the mentions of Xcite.
Toobs - Tgamma - Rstar is the condition of Inside Star.
Vhead is the mentions of Xwhip.
Eq98Bwbreakout is the relation of Ein - From - L - Tobs.
Pressureconf is the mentions of Selfconf.
Jet is the phenomenon of Breakout.
Breakout is the phenomenon of Sn 1998Bw.
Sn 1998Bw is the phenomenon of Grb 980425.
Jet is the concept of Kinetic Energy.
Kinetic Energy is the concept of Relativistic Envelope Ejecta.
Jet is the concept of Propagation Law.
Propagation Law is the concept of Terminal Shock.
Jet is the concept of Energy.
Energy is the concept of Relativistic Envelope Ejecta.
Jet is the concept of Gamma Rays.
Gamma Rays is the concept of Upscattering Of Photons.
Upscattering Of Photons is the concept of Stellar Progenitors.
Stellar Progenitors is the concept of Breakout Ejecta.
Breakout Ejecta is the concept of Short, Hard Bursts.
Gamma Rays is the concept of Stellar Wind.
Stellar Wind is the concept of Jet Lorentz Factor.
Jet Lorentz Factor is the concept of Internal Shock Model.
Internal Shock Model is the concept of External Shock.
External Shock is the concept of Distance.
Distance is the concept of Internal Shock Model.
Internal Shock Model is the concept of Uniform Ambient Media.
Uniform Ambient Media is the phenomenon of Grb 000418.
Grb 000418 is the concept of Ballistic Jet.
Ballistic Jet is the concept of Vmo Cores.
Grb 000418 is the concept of Opening Angle.
Grb 000418 is the concept of Jet-Cocoon Structure.
Jet-Cocoon Structure is the concept of Vmo Cores.
Grb 000418 is the concept of Wolf-Rayet Stars.
Wolf-Rayet Stars is the concept of Carbon-Oxygen Wolf-Rayet Star.
Carbon-Oxygen Wolf-Rayet Star is the concept of Supernova Origin.
Pressure Confinement Of Jets is the concept of Grb Hosts.
Grb Hosts is the concept of Stellar Envelopes.
Adiabatics is the concept of Environs.
Environs is the concept of Pressure Confinement Of Jets.
Adiabatics is the concept of Mixing Of Jet And Envelope.
Mixing Of Jet And Envelope is the concept of Mixing Attractor.
Mixing Attractor is the concept of Final Opening Angle.
Final Opening Angle is the concept of Lag-Luminosity.
Lag-Luminosity is the concept of Variability-Luminosity Correlations.
Variability-Luminosity Correlations is the concept of Burst Catalogs.
Rapid Fluctuations is the concept of Jets.
Uc Santa Cruz is the person of Stan Woosley.
Uc Santa Cruz is the person of Andrew Macfadyen.
Uc Santa Cruz is the person of Alex Heger.
Uc Santa Cruz is the person of Weiqun Zhang.
Stan Woosley is the person of Andrew Macfadyen.
Stan Woosley is the person of Roger Blandford.
Stan Woosley is the person of Andrew Macfadyen.
Stan Woosley is the person of Alex Heger.
Stan Woosley is the person of Weiqun Zhang.
Roger Blandford is the person of Reem Sari.
Roger Blandford is the person of Sterl Phinney.
Roger Blandford is the person of Josh Bloom.
Roger Blandford is the person of Nicole Lloyd-Ronning.
Roger Blandford is the person of Andrei Beloborodov.
Roger Blandford is the person of Chris Thompson.
Roger Blandford is the person of Chris Fryer.
Roger Blandford is the person of Charles Dermer.
Roger Blandford is the person of Jonathan Tan.
Roger Blandford is the person of Chris Mckee.
Roger Blandford is the person of John Monnier.
Roger Blandford is the person of Ralph Wijers.
Roger Blandford is the organization of Nserc.
Roger Blandford is the organization of Canada Research Chairs Program.
Diercks A. is the person of Frail D. A..
Diercks A. is the person of Kulkarni S. R..
Diercks A. is the person of Bloom J. S..
Diercks A. is the person of Halpern J..
Diercks A. is the person of Mirabal N..
Diercks A. is the person of Taylor G. B..
Diercks A. is the person of Hurley K..
Diercks A. is the person of Pooley G..
Diercks A. is the person of Becker K. M..
Diercks A. is the person of Wagner R. M..
Diercks A. is the person of Terndrup D. M..
Diercks A. is the person of Statler T..
Diercks A. is the person of Wik D. R..
Diercks A. is the person of Mazets E..
Diercks A. is the person of Cline T..
Diercks A. is the person of Djorgovski S. G..
Diercks A. is the person of Galama T. J..
Diercks A. is the person of Reichart D. E..
Diercks A. is the person of Berger E..
Diercks A. is the person of Harrison F. A..
Diercks A. is the person of Price P. A..
Diercks A. is the person of Yost S. A..
Diercks A. is the person of Goodrich R. W..
Diercks A. is the person of Chaffee F..