Cold Atoms is the share common features of Halo Nuclei.
Cold Atoms is the exhibit of Universal Behavior.
Halo Nuclei is the exhibit of Universal Behavior.
Universal Behavior characterizes Large Length Scale.
Large Length Scale is the determines of Scattering Length.
Scattering Length characterizes Two-Body Interactions.
Two-Body Interactions disentangles Physics At The Scale Of Scattering Length.
Three-Body Universality is the example of of Efimov Physics.
Efimov Physics is the emerge and accumulate at zero energy of Trimers.
Trimers is the satisfies of Geometric Spectrum.
Geometric Spectrum is the satisfies of Discrete Scaling Symmetry.
Efimov Physics finds Recombination Processes.
Recombination Processes is the occur in of Ultracold Atomic Gases.
Recombination Processes tunes Atom-Atom Scattering Length.
Ultracold Atomic Gases is the exist in of Molecular Clusters.
Molecular Clusters is the form shallow dimer of Helium Atoms.
Helium Atoms bes Atom-Atom Scattering Length.
Helium Atoms is the times the of Range Of Van Der Waals Potential.
Nuclear Systems is the times the range of nuclear forces of Nucleon-Nucleon S-Wave Scattering Length.
Nucleon-Nucleon S-Wave Scattering Length is the 15 times in of Singlet Channel.
Nucleon-Nucleon S-Wave Scattering Length is the 3 times in of Triplet Channel.
Nucleon-Nucleon S-Wave Scattering Length knows Phillips Line.
Nuclear Systems investigates Halo Nucleus.
Halo Nucleus is the connects with universal features of Clustering Mechanism.
Halo Nucleus describes Effective Field Theory (Eft).
Effective Field Theory (Eft) is the utilizes of Separation Of Scales.
Effective Field Theory (Eft) is the integrates out of Short-Range Dynamics.
Effective Field Theory (Eft) embeds Short-Range Effects.
Effective Field Theory (Eft) constructs Two-Body Effective Contact Interactions.
Two-Body Effective Contact Interactions is the expansion of the ratio between of Momentum Scales.
Two-Body Effective Contact Interactions determines Counterterms.
Nuclear Systems knows Pionless Eft.
Pionless Eft knows Applied To Cold Atomic And Halo Physics.
Pionless Eft dubs Short-Range Eft.
Pionless Eft knows Halo Eft.
Pionless Eft refers Effective Field Theories With Contact Interactions.
Efimov Physics studys Bedaque.
Bedaque is the constructs as a series of two- and three-body contact interactions of Effective Lagrangian.
Effective Lagrangian is the uses of Renormalization-Group Methods.
Renormalization-Group Methods is the equivalent to of Effective-Range Expansion.
Effective-Range Expansion is the expands around the singularity pole of Scattering Amplitude.
Effective-Range Expansion is the corresponds to parameterizing physical quantities in terms of of Leading Order (Lo) Eft.
Leading Order (Lo) Eft is the describes large scattering-length physics of Range Effects.
Range Effects is the describes at least up to of Next-To-Next-To-Leading-Order (N3Lo).
Range Effects evaluates Finite-Range Effects.
Range Effects expands Four-Momentum Dimer Propagator.
Four-Momentum Dimer Propagator defines Binding Momentum.
Binding Momentum studys Three-Body Problem.
Three-Body Problem calculates Atom-Dimer Scattering Amplitude.
Atom-Dimer Scattering Amplitude solves Modified Skorniakov-Ter-Martirosian (Stm) Equation.
Modified Skorniakov-Ter-Martirosian (Stm) Equation is the yields of S-Wave Projection.
S-Wave Projection defines Three-Body Coupling.
Three-Body Coupling is the denotes of Regulation Cutoff.
Three-Body Coupling ensures Tuned To Fit One Three-Body Observable.
Three-Body Coupling solves Bound-State Case.
Bound-State Case manifests Binding Energies.
Binding Energies is the of of Efimov Trimers.
Efimov Trimers plots Binding Momentum.
Efimov Trimers is the appear along the spectrum curve of Critical Phenomena.
Critical Phenomena relates Binding Momentum.
Critical Phenomena relates Efimov Features.
Efimov Features is the obey of Discrete Scaling Symmetry.
Discrete Scaling Symmetry is the result of of Limit Cycle.
Limit Cycle is the under of Renormalization-Group Flow.
Limit Cycle discusss Analyses.
Efimov Features haves Three-Body Running Coupling.
Three-Body Running Coupling is the in of Zero-Range Limit.
Zero-Range Limit determines Three-Body Parameter.
Three-Body Parameter is the relates to of Binding Momentum.
Three-Body Parameter is the displays of Discrete Scaling Symmetry.
Three-Body Observables is the display of Discrete Scaling Symmetry.
Three-Body Recombination Rate connects Density Of Trapped Atoms.
Three-Body Recombination Rate calculates Zero-Temperature Approximation.
Three-Body Recombination Rate is the affect of Deep Dimers.
Deep Dimers is the beyond the eft description of Recombination Rate.
Recombination Rate implements Deep-Dimer Effects.
Deep-Dimer Effects results Recombination Rate.
Recombination Rate is the confirm with of Experiments.
Deep Dimers is the open of Inelastic Channels.
Inelastic Channels names Dimer Relaxation.
Dimer Relaxation calculates Relaxation Rate.
Relaxation Rate is the agree with of Experiments.
Ultracold Atomic Gases makes Finite-Temperature Effects.
Xcite mentions Xmath81.
Xcite mentions Xmath82.
Xcite mentions Xmath83.
Xcite mentions Xmath30.
Xcite mentions Xmath84.
Xcite mentions Xmath85.
Xcite mentions Xmath86.
Xcite mentions Xmath87.
Xcite mentions Xmath88.
Xcite mentions Xmath89.
Xcite mentions Xmath90.
Xcite mentions Xmath91.
Xcite mentions Xmath65.
Xcite mentions Xmath93.
Xcite mentions Xmath94.
Xcite mentions Xmath95.
Xcite mentions Xmath96.
Xcite mentions Xmath97.
Xcite mentions Xmath98.
Xcite mentions Xmath99.
Xcite mentions Xmath100.
Xcite mentions Xmath101.
Xcite mentions Xmath102.
Xcite mentions Xmath103.
Xcite mentions Xmath104.
Xcite mentions Xmath105.
Xcite mentions Xmath106.
Xcite mentions Xmath107.
Xcite mentions Xmath108.
Xcite mentions Xmath109.
Xcite mentions Xmath110.
Xcite mentions Xmath111.
Xcite mentions Xmath112.
Xcite mentions Xmath113.
Xcite mentions Xmath114.
Xcite mentions Xmath115.
Xcite mentions Xmath116.
Xcite mentions Xmath117.
Xcite mentions Xmath118.
Xcite mentions Xmath119.
Xcite mentions Xmath121.
Xcite mentions Xmath122.
Xcite mentions Xmath123.
Xcite mentions Xmath124.
Xcite mentions Xmath125.
Xcite mentions Pic_T1.
Xcite mentions Pic_T2.
Author is the collaborator of Lucas Platter.
Author is the collaborator of Wolfram Weise.
Author is the collaborator of S. R. Beane.
Author is the collaborator of P. F. Bedaque.
Author is the collaborator of W. C. Haxton.
Author is the collaborator of D. R. Phillips.
Author is the collaborator of M. J. Savage.
M. Shifman is the editor of Author.