Iii-Nitrides is the basis of of Optoelectronic Devices.
Iii-Nitrides is the basis of of Laser Diodes.
Iii-Nitrides is the basis of of Blue Lasers.
Iii-Nitrides is the basis of of High-Power Devices.
Iii-Nitrides is the basis of of High-Electron-Mobility Transistors.
Iii-Nitrides dopes Transition Metals.
Iii-Nitrides is the focus of of Semiconductor Spintronic Functionalities.
Alloy is the self-assembling of of Multilayers.
Alloy is the improvement for of Reflectors.
Alloy incorporates Mn Atoms.
Metalorganic Vapor Phase Epitaxy grows Alloy.
Alloy investigates X-Ray Absorption Spectroscopy.
Alloy investigates X-Ray Emission Spectroscopy.
Alloy investigates Energy-Dispersive Spectrometry.
Alloy investigates X-Ray Diffraction.
Alloy investigates High-Resolution Transmission Electron Microscopy.
Alloy investigates Density Functional Theory Calculations.
Alloy characterizes Atomic Force Microscopy.
Alloy characterizes Secondary-Ion Mass Spectroscopy.
Alloy characterizes Photoluminescence.
Alloy characterizes Magnetooptical Response.
Alloy characterizes Squid Magnetometry.
Alloy is the provide information on of Bond Distances.
Alloy investigates Herfd-Xanes Spectra.
Herfd-Xanes Spectra relates Rixs Plane.
Muffin-Tin Potentials uses Herfd-Xanes Spectra.
Substitutional Model uses Herfd-Xanes Spectra.
Linear Combination Fit Analysis uses Herfd-Xanes Spectra.
X-Ray Linear Dichroism Spectra is the determine quality of of Mn Atoms.
Mn@Xmath22 is the shows of Xld Signal.
Mn@Xmath22 is the not in phase with of Xld Signal.
Mn@Xmath22 reduces Xld Amplitude.
Xld Signal is the results in of Xld Amplitude.
Xld Amplitude reduces Region Of Interest.
Xld Amplitude is the rescale of Experimental Xld Amplitudes.
Experimental Xld Amplitudes is the arbitrarily rescale of Ga K-Edge.
Experimental Xld Amplitudes reports Xld Amplitude.
Mn@Xmath12 increases Percentage.
Mn@Xmath12 is the percentage for of Al.
Normalization Procedure is the rescale to of Mn K-Edge Xld Amplitudes.
Mn K-Edge Xld Amplitudes is the rescale to of Ga K-Edge.
Mn K-Edge Xld Amplitudes is the rescale to of Al K-Edge.
Systematic Errors is the within bandwidth of Estimated.
Mn@Xmath12 is the low value for of Aln: Mn.
Aln: Mn is the safely attributed to of Mn@Xmath12.
Mn@Xmath12 takes Ga@Xmath1N: Mn Series.
Mn Valence State is the integral of the absolute difference of of Inferred From.
K@Xmath39 Xes Data determines Integrated Absolute Difference Iad Analysis.
Integrated Absolute Difference Iad Analysis gives Possibility.
Integrated Absolute Difference Iad Analysis is the evolution of of Quantitatively Follow.
Effective Spin Moment On Mn is the as a function of of Function Of.
Effective Spin Moment On Mn is the of a given parameter of Parameter.
Effective Spin Moment On Mn is the directly compare with of Compare.
Dft Calculations calculates Total Magnetic Moment Per Unit Cell.
Total Magnetic Moment Per Unit Cell is the corresponds to of 4@Xmath41.
Total Magnetic Moment Per Unit Cell finds @Xmath40@Xmath82.0.
Total Magnetic Moment Per Unit Cell is the in the frame of of Bader Partitioning Scheme.
Total Magnetic Moment Per Unit Cell reports Confirmed Experimentally.
Mn Valence State is the within error bar for of Constant.
Mn Valence State is the constant for of Whole Series.
Mn Valence State is the with the of Exception Of.
Aln: Mn supports Mn Valence State.
Xes Data is the over of Whole Series Of Samples.
Xes Data is the inset of Relative Iad Analysis.
Relative Iad Analysis is the guide to the eye of Vertical Dashed Line.
Extensive Study carrys Epitaxial Al@Xmath0Ga@Xmath1N: Mn.
Epitaxial Al@Xmath0Ga@Xmath1N: Mn is the with al concentration up to of Series Of Samples.
Xrd is the matches over the sample series of Al Content In The Layers.
Al Content In The Layers expects Expected From Growth Conditions.
Xrd obtains Lattice Parameters.
Dft Computations computes Formation Energy.
Formation Energy is the for of Incorporation Of Al In A Gan Matrix.
Incorporation Of Al In A Gan Matrix is the randomly distributed into of Al And Ga.
Incorporation Of Al In A Gan Matrix is the preferentially substitute for of Mn Ions.
Coherent Growth confirms Obtained For Al@Xmath0Ga@Xmath1N: Mn.
Synchrotron Radiation Xas is the probe the of Employed To Probe.
Employed To Probe is the of of Local Atomic And Electronic Structure Of Mn.
Local Atomic And Electronic Structure Of Mn finds Majority Of The Mn Ions.
Iad Analysis is the allows to of Determine The Valence State Of Mn.
Iad Analysis constants Constant Up To.
Reduced Lattice Parameters expects Enhanced Hybridization Of The Orbitals.
Al@Xmath0Ga@Xmath1N: Mn makes Material System Worth To Be Investigated.
Work is the to of Paves The Way To.
Understanding And Control is the of of Role Played By Mn.
Role Played By Mn is the on of Structure And Properties Of The Alloys Al@Xmath0Ga@Xmath1N: Tm.
Incorporation Of Mn promotes Found To Promote.
Incorporation Of Mn is the to of Defer The Relaxation Of The Layers.
Incorporation Of Mn is the to of Increase The Critical Thickness.
Incorporation Of Mn is the with remarkable potential effects on of Remarkable Potential Effects On.
Incorporation Of Mn is the for of Fabrication Of Distributed Bragg Mirrors For Iii-Nitride-Based Optoelectronic Devices.
Authors is the for providing of Gratefully Acknowledge.
Authors supports Work Was Supported By.
European Synchrotron Radiation Facility (Esrf) is the for of Providing Synchrotron Radiation Beam-Time.
Work supports Supported By The Esrf Trainee Program.
Work supports Supported By The Austrian Science Fundation (Fwf Projects 24471 And 26830).
Work supports Supported By The Nato Science For Peace Programme (Project 984735).
Work supports Supported By The Eu 7@Xmath42 Framework Programme.
Eu 7@Xmath42 Framework Programme is the through of Through The Capacities Project Regpot - Ct-2013 - 316014.
Work supports Supported By The European Research Council (Advanced Grant 22790).
Supplemental Information reports Quality Of The Fits Performed On The Exafs Data.
Quality Of The Fits Performed On The Exafs Data performs Exafs - Fits.
Quality Of The Simulated Xanes Spectra For Mn@Xmath12 shows Xanes - Subs.
Quality Of The Simulated Xanes For The Mn@Xmath22 And Mn@Xmath21 Interstitials In Al@Xmath0Ga@Xmath1N shows Xanes - Ints.