Alma relates Astronomy.
Alma uses Scientists.
Alma uses Students.
Alma uses Young Scientists.
Lecture Notes is the focuses on of Mm/Submm Extragalactic Astronomy.
Mm/Submm Extragalactic Astronomy is the focuses on of Agns.
Wavelengths is the part of of Radio-Astronomy Domain.
Wavelengths is the affects of Atmospheric Absorption.
Atmospheric Absorption is the causes of Water Vapor.
Molecules is the emit of Rotational Transitions.
Molecules relates Chemistry.
Molecules relates Physics.
Molecules relates Dynamics.
Stars is the heats of Dust.
Stars involves Star Formation.
Dust is the affects of Star Formation.
Gas involves Molecular Gas Transitions.
Molecular Hydrogen is the affects of Carbon Monoxide (Co).
Molecular Hydrogen finds Molecular Clouds.
Molecular Hydrogen finds Dense Regions.
Carbon Monoxide (Co) is the emits of Molecular Clouds.
Carbon Monoxide (Co) is the emits of Dense Regions.
Carbon Monoxide (Co) is the traces of Dense Regions.
Carbon Monoxide (Co) is the depends on of Dense Regions.
Carbon Monoxide (Co) is the penetrates of Dense Regions.
Dense Regions finds Molecular Clouds.
Dense Regions is the traces of Molecular Clouds.
Dense Regions is the better traced by of Molecular Clouds.
Dense Regions characterizes Molecular Clouds.
Dense Regions is the emits of Molecular Clouds.
Dense Regions observes Starburst Galaxies.
Star Formation Rate is the inversely proportional to of Gas Exhaustion Timescale.
Dense Gas Tracers is the traces of Star Formation.
Dense Molecular Clouds is the fuels of Agn.
Stellar Bar is the funnels into of Gas.
Agn is the heats of Dust.
Agn is the emits of Mid-Ir Emission.
Agn is the emits of Near-Ir Emission.
Agn is the emits of Far-Ir Emission.
Agn is the emits of Submillimeter Wavelengths.
Far-Ir Emission emits Host Galaxies.
Submillimeter Wavelengths emits Host Galaxies.
Far-Ir Emission emits Qsos.
Submillimeter Wavelengths emits Qsos.
Far-Ir Emission dominates Star Formation.
Submillimeter Wavelengths dominates Star Formation.
Far-Ir Emission debates Agn.
Submillimeter Wavelengths debates Agn.
Far-Ir Emission debates Host Galaxies.
Submillimeter Wavelengths debates Host Galaxies.
Far-Ir Emission debates Qsos.
Submillimeter Wavelengths debates Qsos.
Far-Ir Emission affects Angular Resolution.
Submillimeter Wavelengths affects Angular Resolution.
Far-Ir Emission is the models constrained by of Dusty Torus.
Submillimeter Wavelengths is the models constrained by of Dusty Torus.
Mechanism relates Stellar Bars.
Mechanism relates Galaxy Interactions.
Agns is the directly witness of Gas Fuelling.
Millimetric Interferometers is the investigate of Co Emission.
Co Emission is the emission in of Galaxies.
Galaxies is the different types of Nuclear Activity.
Nuclei Of Galaxies With Agns characterizes Seyfert Galaxies.
Seyfert Galaxies is the varied of Molecular Gas Distributions.
Molecular Gas Distributions is the along of Streaming Motions.
Streaming Motions is the along of Stellar Bars.
Streaming Motions is the along of Rings.
Streaming Motions is the along of Nuclear Concentrations.
Streaming Motions is the along of Nuclear Voids.
Streaming Motions is the along of Irregular Distributions.
Fuelling Phase is the not simultaneous of Agn Phase.
Local Agns characterizes Luminosities.
Luminosities is the about of Black Hole Accretion Rates.
Black Hole Accretion Rates keeps Molecular Cloud.
Molecular Cloud keeps Agn Phase.
Molecular Cloud keeps Fuelling Rates.
Fuelling Rates requires Host Galaxies.
Powerful Qsos is the exceed of Accretion Rates.
Accretion Rates requires Mechanism.
Mechanism funnels Molecular Gas.
Molecular Gas requires Host Galaxy.
Angular Resolution is the limits capability of Molecular Gas Distribution.
Molecular Gas Distribution is the mapping of Qso Hosts.
Qso Hosts is the easy with of Alma.
Ngc 1068 is the best studied of Agns.
Ngc 1068 studys Mm-Submm Wavelengths.
Resolution is the shows of Nuclear Co Distribution.
Nuclear Co Distribution is the shows of Ring-Like Structure.
Nuclear Co Distribution observes Little Co Emission.
Little Co Emission is the contrary to expectations of Molecular Gas Present.
Molecular Gas Present is the present in of Vicinity Of The Agn.
Vicinity Of The Agn is the feed and obscure of Gas.
Gas is the present in of Dense Molecular Gas.
Dense Molecular Gas is the present in of Dust.
Dense Molecular Gas is the present in of Radio.
Dense Molecular Gas is the present in of Mid-Ir Interferometric Observations.
Dense Molecular Gas is the present in of Molecular Species.
Molecular Species is the creates of X-Ray Dominated Region (Xdr).
X-Ray Dominated Region (Xdr) is the keeps high of Temperature.
X-Ray Dominated Region (Xdr) is the favors of Molecular Species Formation.
Molecular Species Formation is the favors of Temperature.
Molecular Species Formation is the traces of Hcn.
Photo Dissociation Regions (Pdr) is the less efficient than xdr of Temperature.
Diagnostic Diagram is the involves of Line Ratios.
Diagnostic Diagram is the usable with of Alma.
Alma identifys Obscured Agns.
Redshifts is the changes little of Flux.
Flux is the counteracts of Cosmological Dimming.
Flux is the increases of Intrinsic Luminosity.
Submm Continuum is the counteracts of K Correction.
Deep Field sees Galaxies.
Optical dominates Distribution Of Observed Fluxes.
Optical Deep Field dominates Galaxies.
Sub-Millimeter Galaxies (Smgs) discovers High-Z Dusty Starbursts.
Mm Band discovers Smgs.
Optical Counterparts is the low of Angular Resolution.
Single Dish Telescopes identifys Optical Counterparts.
Radio Vla Observations associates Smgs.
Far-Ir Thermal Emission correlates Radio Synchrotron Emission.
Radio Synchrotron Emission associates Smgs.
Radio Synchrotron Emission is the position slit for of Spectroscopic Identification.
Spectroscopic Identification provides Lyman-Alpha.
Lyman-Alpha provides Redshift.
Redshift is the determines of Smgs.
Smgs measures Redshift.
Smgs limits Submm Flux.
Submm Flux is the imply of Far-Ir Luminosities.
Far-Ir Luminosities is the represent of Ultra-Luminous Infrared Galaxies (Ulirgs).
Smgs is the contribute to of Density Of Star Formation (Sfrd).
Density Of Star Formation (Sfrd) infers Star Formation Rates.
Star Formation Rates infers Far-Ir Luminosity.
Star Formation Rates infers Pah Emission.
Pah Emission is the correlates with of Far-Ir Luminosity.
Pah Emission is the correlates with of Far-Ir Luminosity.
Mm - Bright Qso is the suggests of Xmath44.
Mm - Bright Qso witnesss Black Holes.
Optical And X-Ray Agn Emission traces Black Holes.
Stellar Mass traces Host Galaxy.
Far-Ir traces Stellar Mass.
Host Galaxy is the evolve into of Massive Ellipticals.
Bh-Galaxy Evolution aims Local Relation.
Spheroids is the relation between of Bh Mass.
Star Formation is the relation between of Black Hole Accretion.
High Luminosities is the saturate at of Bh Growth.
Host Growth is the proceeds more rapidly than of Bh Growth.
Epoch Of Re-Ionization is the close to of Dust.
Dust Production is the dominate of Dust.
Atmospheres Of Evolved Stars is the source of of Dust.
Agb Stars is the source of of Dust.
Dust Production Mechanisms is the dominate of Dust.
Core-Collapse Sne is the candidate sources of of Dust.
Sn Ejecta finds Dust.
Extinction Curve infers High-Z Qsos And Galaxies.
Sne is the source of of Dust.
Dust Yield observes Dust.
Dust Mass infers Dust.
Co Emission is the in of High-Z Objects.
Co Detections infers Molecular Gas Masses.
Molecular Gas is the available for of Co Detections.
Co Excitation Temperature is the higher in of Qsos.
Fir Luminosity observes Qso Host Galaxies.
Starburst Event experiences Qso Host Galaxies.
Molecular Gas is the available for of Qso Host Galaxies.
Optical Luminosity traces Qsos.
Co Luminosity traces Molecular Gas.
Formation Processes is the occur on different of Time Scales.
Molecular And Atomic Species is the tracers of of Co.
Fine Structure Line observes One Of The Most Distant Quasars.
Cii detects High-Z Qsos.
Photo-Dissociation Regions emits Star Forming Galaxies.
Pdrs is the in of Galaxy.
Galaxy enrichs Heavy Elements.
Heavy Elements enrichs Carbon.
Angular Resolution is the not good enough to trace of Co Rotational Curves.
Dynamical Mass is the constraints on of Co Rotational Curves.
Galaxy Structures is the resolve of Co Rotational Curves.
Co Map observes One Of The Most Distant Qsos.
Agn Population is the sample only the of High-Z Bright Agn.
X-Ray Observations investigates Agn Population.
Agn Luminosity is the account for of Far-Ir Emission.
Star Formation is the main source of of Far-Ir Emission.
Pahs detects Smgs.
Hot Dust is the trace the presence of of Smgs.
Smgs is the due to of Star Formation.
Smgs is the host of Agn.
Smgs infers Agn Luminosity.
Smgs is the account for of Far-Ir Emission.
Smgs is the due to of Star Formation.
Bolometers is the more sensitive to of Continuum Emission.
Bolometer Arrays discovers Mm-Submm Sources.
Observatories develops Bolometer Arrays.
Mm-Submm Sources observes Bolometer Arrays.
Bolometer Arrays uses Bolometers.
Alma is the location of Chajnantor Plateau.
Alma is the affiliation of European Southern Observatory.
Alma is the part of of Atacama Compact Array.
Atacama Compact Array is the alias of Aca.
Atacama Compact Array clusters Antennas.
Antennas moves Trucks.
Alma funds Receivers.
Alma is the maximum frequency coverage by of Correlator.
Alma tests Operations Support Facilities.
Operations Support Facilities moves Aos.
Alma observes Ngc 1068.
Alma observes Circinus.
Ngc 1068 is the measurement of mass by of Black Hole.
Maser H2O Disk is the measurement of mass by of Black Hole.
Agn is the detection by of Alma.
Sgra is the detection by of Alma.
Jwst is the complementary of Alma.
Alma is the investigation of Distant Galaxies.
Alma is the comparison of Observatories.
Alma is the identification of Optical/Near-Ir Counterpart.
Alma is the identification of Mm/Submm Sources.
Alma is the provision of Redshift.
Alma is the detection of Molecular Lines.
Alma is the detection of Fine Structure Atomic Lines.
Alma is the observation of Co Rotational Transitions.
Alma is the overlay of Frequency Bands.
Alma is the detection of Luminous Infrared Galaxies (Lirgs).
Alma is the detection of Ultraluminous Infrared Galaxies (Ulirgs).
Alma is the resolution of Galaxy Age.
Alma is the provision of Angular Resolution.
Alma is the delivery of Morphologies.
Alma is the information of Gas Dynamics.
Alma is the constraint of Dynamical Mass.
Alma is the comparison of Black Hole Mass.
Alma is the trace of Galaxy-Bh Co-Evolution.
Alma is the favor of Chemical Evolutionary Effects.
Alma is the comparison of Galaxy Dynamical Mass.
Alma is the trace of Black Hole Growth.
Alma is the comparison of Stellar Mass.
Alma is the comparison of Host Galaxies.
Alma is the information of Molecular Gas Morphologies.
Alma is the detection of Gaseous Torii.
Alma is the detection of Supermassive Black Holes.
Alma is the information of Chemical Evolutionary Status.
Alma is the measurement of C/O Abundance Ratio.
Alma is the measurement of Oxygen And Carbon Abundance.
Alma is the investigation of Galaxy Evolution.
Alma is the investigation of Dust Production.
Alma is the exploration of Early Universe.
Alma is the measurement of Dust Mass.