Half-Metallic Ferromagnets is the possess of Curie Temperatures.
Half-Metallic Ferromagnets uses Spintronics Applications.
Cr-Doped Dilute Magnetic Semiconductors (Dms) is the contains of Cr-Based Alloys.
Cr-Based Alloys is the contains of Cras.
Cr-Based Alloys is the contains of Crsb.
Cras haves Zinc Blende(Zb) Structure.
Cras is the exhibits of Ferromagnetic Behavior.
Cras is the possess of Magnetic Moments.
Cras is the involves of Theoretical Calculations.
Cras is the exhibits of Half-Metallic Character.
Crsb is the consists of of Thin Films.
Crsb uses Molecular Beam Epitaxy.
Crsb is the exhibits of Ferromagnetic Behavior.
Crsb is the possess of Curie Temperatures.
Crsb is the involves of Exchange Interactions.
Crsb is the affects of Lattice Parameter.
Crsb is the consists of of Zb-Crsb Films.
Crsb is the mentions of Galanakis And Mavropoulos.
Crsb is the exhibits of Half-Metallicity.
Crsb is the shows of Total Dos.
Crsb is the shows of Total Energy.
Crsb is the shows of Exchange Interactions.
Cr-Based Pnictides is the contains of Chalcogenides.
Cr-Based Pnictides is the affects of Lattice Parameter.
Cr-Based Pnictides is the contains of Mixed Alloys.
Mixed Alloys is the affects of Carrier Concentration.
Mixed Alloys is the affects of D-Disorder.
Mixed Alloys is the affects of Fermi Surface.
Mixed Alloys is the affects of Electronic Structure.
Mixed Alloys is the affects of Exchange-Correlation Potential.
Mixed Alloys uses Atomic Sphere Approximation.
Mixed Alloys haves Fcc Unit Cell.
Mixed Alloys haves Empty Spheres.
Mixed Alloys uses Coherent Potential Approximation (Cpa).
Mixed Alloys uses Collinear Magnetic Model.
Mixed Alloys is the possess of Local Moment.
Mixed Alloys is the transitions to of Nonmagnetic State.
Mixed Alloys uses Disordered Local Moment (Dlm) Model.
Mixed Alloys is the affects of Transversal Spin Fluctuations.
Mixed Alloys is the involves of Magnetic-Nonmagnetic Transition.
Mixed Alloys is the shows of Spin-Resolved Densities Of States (Dos).
Mixed Alloys is the affects of Bonding And Antibonding States.
Mixed Alloys is the affects of Hybridization Gap.
Mixed Alloys is the exhibits of Half-Metallicity.
Mixed Alloys is the shows of Total Dos.
Mixed Alloys is the shows of Total Energy.
Galanakis collaborates Mavropoulos.
Galanakis agrees Mavropoulos.
Galanakis discusss Mavropoulos.
Zhao agrees Zunger.
Sasaio studys Sasaio.
Sandratskii discusss Sandratskii.
Liechtenstein proposes Andersen.
Andersen proposes Liechtenstein.
Liechtenstein proposes Andersen.
Andersen proposes Liechtenstein.
Liechtenstein proposes Andersen.
Andersen proposes Liechtenstein.
Liechtenstein proposes Andersen.
Andersen proposes Liechtenstein.
Liechtenstein proposes Andersen.
Andersen proposes Liechtenstein.
Connolly develops Williams.
Generalized Bloch Theorem is the calculation of Spin Waves.
Inter-Atomic Exchange Interactions is the calculation of Fourier Transforms.
Frozen Magnon Approach is the similarity of Frozen Phonon Approach.
Liechtenstein Method is the implementation of Turek.
Liechtenstein Method is the prescription of Cpa.
Liechtenstein Method is the implementation of Tb-Lmto Method.
Exchange Integral is the representation of Complex Energy Variable.
Potential Functions is the difference of Up And Down Spin Electrons.
Matrix Elements is the representation of Green'S Function.
Disorder obtains Configurationally Averaged Green'S Function.
Complex Energy Plane is the inclusion of Fermi Energy.
Direct Exchange Interaction is the separation of Indirect Exchange Interaction.
Double Exchange Interaction is the separation of Superexchange Interaction.
Positive Values is the representation of Ferromagnetic Interactions.
Negative Values is the representation of Antiferromagnetic Interactions.
Mapping is the generation of Total Energy.
Heisenberg Hamiltonian follows Liechtenstein Method.
Induced Moments is the involvement of Exchange Interactions.
Curie Temperature is the calculation of Mean-Field Approximation.
Curie Temperature is the calculation of Random Phase Approximation.
Translational Group is the application of Lattice Fourier Transform.
Monte-Carlo Simulations is the comparison of Random Phase Approximation.
Curie Temperature is the enhancement of Mean-Field Approximation.
Secondary Interactions is the influence of Curie Temperature.
Secondary Interactions is the complexity of Curie Temperature.
Ground State is the study of Collinear Alignment.
Ground State is the study of Parallel Alignment.
Distance Dependence is the calculation of Inter-Atomic Distance.
Neighbor Shells is the observation of Antiferromagnetic Nature.
Neighbor Shells is the observation of Ferromagnetic Nature.
Spin Arrangement is the visualization of Wave-Vector.
Incommensurate Spin Spiral is the implication of Symmetry Points.
Bz is the reference of Symmetry Points.
Xmath36 derives Cr.
Xmath36 is the reveals tendencies of Fourier Transform.
Fourier Transform defines Xmath36.
Xmath36 is the for reference states of Fm.
Xmath36 is the for reference states of Dlm.
Cras studys Lattice Parameters.
Cras is the ferromagnetic of Ground State Magnetic Structure.
Crsb is the ferromagnetic of Ground State Magnetic Structure.
Cras is the ferromagnetic of Ground State Magnetic Structure.
Crsb is the ferromagnetic of Ground State Magnetic Structure.
Fm involves Additional Bands.
Crs is the antiferromagnetic of Ground State Magnetic Structure.
Crse is the antiferromagnetic of Ground State Magnetic Structure.
Crte is the ferromagnetic of Ground State Magnetic Structure.
Crs is the 5.44 and 5.55 of Lattice Parameters.
Crs is the afm [ 111 ] of Ground State Magnetic Structure.
Crs is the 5.66 of Lattice Parameters.
Crs is the dlm of Ground State Magnetic Structure.
Crse is the 5.66 of Lattice Parameters.
Crse is the afm [ 111 ] of Ground State Magnetic Structure.
Crte is the 5.44 of Lattice Parameters.
Crte is the ferromagnetic of Ground State Magnetic Structure.
Crte is the 5.65 and 5.76 of Lattice Parameters.
Crte is the fm of Ground State Magnetic Structure.
Cras determines Curie Temperature.
Dlm is the free from errors of Curie Temperature.
Cras is the ferromagnetic of Curie Temperature.
Crsb is the ferromagnetic of Curie Temperature.
Cras calculates Curie Temperature.
Crsb calculates Curie Temperature.
Cras is the correctly calculated values higher of Curie Temperature.
Cras is the somewhere between dlm results and fm results of Curie Temperature.
Cras is the values somewhat higher than 500 k of Curie Temperature.
Cras increases Curie Temperature.
Cras decreases Curie Temperature.
Crsb is the consistently higher than those for cras of Curie Temperature.
Cras is the similar to those provided by sasaiolglu of Curie Temperature.
Crs is the antiferromagnetic within limited search of Ground State.
Crte is the ferromagnetic of Ground State.
Crte is the considerable antiferromagnetic spin fluctuations of Ground State.
Crte is the fm estimates unreliable of Ground State.
Crs is the lowest energy state afm [ 111 ] of Total Energy.
Crse is the lowest energy state afm [ 111 ] of Total Energy.
Crs is the more thorough study of Antiferromagnetic Configurations.
Crse is the more thorough study of Antiferromagnetic Configurations.
Crte is the more thorough study of Antiferromagnetic Configurations.
Cras is the more thorough study of Antiferromagnetic Configurations.
Cras maintains Half-Metallicity.
Cras is the relatively high curie temperatures of Exchange Interactions.
Cras is the room temperature and above of Curie Temperature.
Cras is the significant at low values of lattice parameters of Antiferromagnetic Exchange Interactions.
Cras is the antiferromagnetic or complex magnetic nature of Ground States.
Cras achieves Half-Metallic State.
Cras is the large variation with lattice parameter of Curie Temperature.
Cras is the smaller for isoelectronic alloys cras , crsb , cras @ xmath0sb @ xmath0 of Curie Temperature.
Pnictides is the higher than chalcogenides of Curie Temperature.
Zb Crx maintains Half-Metallicity.
Zb Crx is the relatively high curie temperatures of Exchange Interactions.
Zb Crx is the room temperature and above of Curie Temperature.
Zb Crx is the significant at low values of lattice parameters of Antiferromagnetic Exchange Interactions.
Zb Crx is the antiferromagnetic or complex magnetic nature of Ground States.
Zb Crx achieves Half-Metallic State.
Zb Crx is the large variation with lattice parameter of Curie Temperature.
Zb Crx is the smaller for isoelectronic alloys cras , crsb , cras @ xmath0sb @ xmath0 of Curie Temperature.
Experimentalists is the guidance of Stability Analysis.