Elementary Particles is the determine of Forces.
Forces is the determine of Early Universe.
Early Universe is the determine of Structure Of Our World.
Quarks is the belong to of Leptons.
Fundamental Interactions is the involve of Exchange Bosons.
Fundamental Interactions is the involve of Particle Masses.
Quarks is the describe of Leptons.
Forces describes Quantum Field Theories.
Quantum Field Theories is the describe of Quantum Chromodynamics (Qcd).
Quantum Field Theories is the describe of Quantum Electrodynamics (Qed).
Forces describes Standard Model.
Forces is the relevant at large distances of Gravitation.
Strong Force is the short-ranged of Weak Force.
Strong Force limits Sub-Nuclear Distances.
Electromagnetic Force is the act between of Objects.
Objects is the different from zero of Net Electric Charge.
Neutrino is the not explicitly detected of Graviton.
Neutrino is the not explicitly detected of Higgs-Boson.
Precision Data provides Lep.
Annihilation Final States records Multi-Purpose Detectors.
Electron-Positron Collider is the operation of of Lep.
Electron-Positron Collider provides Precision Data.
Electron-Positron Collider is the produces of Annihilation Final States.
Lep provides Precision Data.
Lep is the produces of Annihilation Final States.
Lep uses Multi-Purpose Detectors.
Hadronic 3-Jet Event originates Quarks.
Hadronic 3-Jet Event originates Gluon(S).
Hadronic 3-Jet Event is the fragmentation of of Hadrons.
Hadronic 3-Jet Event records Multi-Purpose Detectors.
Fermion-Antifermion Production is the occurs in of Annihilation Final States.
Cross Sections is the dependent on of Annihilation Final States.
Cross Sections is the contain term from of Exchange Bosons.
Cross Sections is the contain term from of Photon Exchange.
Cross Sections is the contain term from of Interference Term.
Cross Sections is the provide results for of Mass Of The Z-Boson.
Cross Sections is the provide results for of Total Decay Widths.
Cross Sections is the provide results for of Partial Decay Widths.
Cross Sections is the provide results for of Fermion Pole Cross Sections.
Radiative Corrections considers Cross Sections.
Radiative Corrections absorbs Running Coupling Constants.
Running Coupling Constants makes Experimental Observables.
Experimental Observables is the depend on of Mass Of The Top Quark.
Experimental Observables is the depend on of Mass Of The Higgs Boson.
Experimental Observables allows Fermion Final State Cross Sections.
Experimental Observables allows Differential Cross Sections.
Experimental Observables allows Forward-Backward Asymmetries.
Experimental Observables allows Final State Polarisations Of Leptons.
Experimental Observables is the extract of Basic Electroweak Parameters.
Experimental Observables analyzes Lep Electroweak Working Group.
Lep Electroweak Working Group is the provide of Precision Results.
Lep Electroweak Working Group is the determine of Energy Calibration Of Lep.
Lep Electroweak Working Group is the determine of Light Neutrino Generations.
Lep Electroweak Working Group is the determine of Quark- And Lepton-Generations.
Lep Electroweak Working Group is the use for determination of Radiative Corrections.
Lep Electroweak Working Group is the determine of Coupling Strength Of The Strong Interactions.
Lep Electroweak Working Group is the determine of Effective Weak Mixing Angle.
Lep Electroweak Working Group is the determine of Mass Of The W-Boson.
Jet Algorithms is the predict of Jet Production Rates.
Jet Algorithms uses Determine.
Jet Production Rates is the determine of Quark-Antiquark Pair.
Jet Production Rates predicts Qcd Perturbation Theory.
Jet Production Rates is the suitable for of Determine.
Jet Production Rates is the prove of Determine.
Jet Production Rates is the demonstrate of Energy Dependence Of Alpha_S.
Jet Production Rates is the available in of Next-To-Next-To-Leading Order Qcd Perturbation Theory.
Hadronisation Effects is the significantly of Influence.
Hadronisation Effects is the affect of Reconstruction Of Jets.
Hadronisation Effects is the influence of Reconstruction Of Jets.
Hadronisation Effects sees Reconstruction Of Jets.
Hadronisation Effects analyzes Jet Production Rates.
Hadronisation Effects is the before and after of Jet Production Rates.
Jet Production Rates is the at of Parton-Level.
Jet Production Rates is the at of Hadron-Level.
Jet Production Rates classifys Number Of Events.
Jet Production Rates normalises Number Of Events.
Jet Production Rates displays Number Of Events.
Energy Dependence Of Hadronisation Corrections analyzes Production Rates.
Energy Dependence Of Hadronisation Corrections is the at of Fixed Jet Resolution.
Energy Dependence Of Hadronisation Corrections studys Jet Production Rates.
Energy Dependence Of Hadronisation Corrections analyses Jet Production Rates.
Energy Dependence Of Hadronisation Corrections is the emerge as of Jet Production Rates.
Energy Dependence Of Hadronisation Corrections is the test qcd in of Reliable Algorithms.
Energy Dependence Of Hadronisation Corrections is the test of Energy Dependence Of Alpha_S.
Hadronic Event Shapes uses Study.
Hadronic Event Shapes uses Determine.
Hadronic Event Shapes is the determine of Alpha_S.
Hadronic Event Shapes uses Observables.
Hadronic Event Shapes is the available for of Qcd Predictions.
Hadronic Event Shapes resummeds Leading And Next-To-Leading Logarithms.
Hadronic Event Shapes performs Study.
Hadronic Event Shapes uses Event Shapes.
High Energy Particle Processes obtains Significant Determinations Of Alpha_S.
World Summary Of Alpha_S is the as of Update.
World Summary Of Alpha_S summarises Current Status.
C. Quigg is the author of _ Gauge Theories Of The Strong , Weak And Electromagnetic Interactions _.
S. Myers is the collaborator of E. Picasso.
Aleph Collaboration is the contributor of D. Buskulic.
Delphi Collaboration is the contributor of P. Abreu.
L3 Collaboration is the contributor of O. Adriani.
Opal Collaboration is the contributor of K. Ahmet.
H. Burkhardt is the collaborator of J. Steinberger.
G. Quast is the author of _ Gauge Theories Of The Strong , Weak And Electromagnetic Interactions _.
J. Mnich is the author of _ Proc . Of Eps - Hep99 , Tampere , Finland , July 1999 _.
The Lep Electroweak Working Group is the contributor of _ Http://Www.Cern.Ch / Lepewwg/ _.
R. Assmann is the author of J. C6 ( 1999 ) 187.
A. Blondel is the author of _ Hep - Ex/9901002 _.
C. S. Eidelmann is the author of Z. Phys . C 67 ( 1995 ) 585.
F. Jegerlehner is the author of Z. Phys . C 67 ( 1995 ) 585.
M. Davier is the author of Phys . Lett . B419 ( 1998 ) 419.
A. Hcker is the author of Phys . Lett . B419 ( 1998 ) 419.
T. Sjstrand is the author of Hep - Ph/9508391.
G. Marchesini is the author of Hep - Ph/9607393.
Knowles is the author of J. Phys . G23 ( 1997 ) 731.
G.D . Lafferty is the author of J. Phys . G23 ( 1997 ) 731.
W.J . Stirlin is the author of _ Qcd And Collider Physics _.
B.R . Webber is the author of _ Qcd And Collider Physics _.
S. Bethke is the author of Ann . Nucl . Part . 42 ( 1992 ) 251.
T. Hebbeker is the author of Phys . Rep . 217 ( 1992 ) 217.
S. Bethke is the author of _ Proc . Of The @Xmath50 Scottish Universities Summer School In Physics , St . Andrews 1993 , In : _ High Energy Phenomenology _ , Edited By K. Peach And L. Vick , Sussp Publications And Iop Publishing ( 1994 ) _.
Gorishny is the author of Phys . B259 ( 1991 ) 144.
A.L . Kataev is the author of Phys . B259 ( 1991 ) 144.
S.A . Larin is the author of Phys . B259 ( 1991 ) 144.
L.R . Surguladze is the author of Phys . ( 1991 ) 560.
M.A . Samuel is the author of Phys . ( 1991 ) 560.
T. Hebbeker is the author of Phys . B331 ( 1994 ) 165.
M. Martinez is the author of Phys . B331 ( 1994 ) 165.
Jade Collab . is the contributor of W. Bartel.
Jade Collab . is the contributor of S. Bethke.
Dokshitzer is the contributor of J.Phys.G17 ( 1991 ).
Z. Kunszt is the author of _ Z Physics At Lep 1 _ ( Eds . G. Altarelli , R. Kleiss And C. Verzegnassi ) , Cern 89 - 08 ( 1989 ) _.
S. Bethke is the author of Nucl . B370 ( 1992 ) 310.
Dokshitzer is the author of Jhep 9708:001 , 1997.
S. Bentvelsen is the author of Eur . J C4 ( 1998 ) 623.
S. Bethke is the author of _ Proc . Qcd Euroconference 96 _ , Montpellier , France , July ( 1996 ) , Nucl . ( Proc.Suppl . ) 54A ( 1997 ) 314.
S. Catani is the author of Nucl . B407 ( 1993 ) 3.
L3 Collaboration is the contributor of M. Acciarri.
Movilla - Fernandez is the author of Hep - Ex/9906033.
S. Bethke is the author of _ Proc . @Xmath51 Int . Symp . On Radiative Corrections , Barcelona , Sept . 8 - 12 , 1998 _.
Chetyrkin is the author of Hep - Ph/9706430.
M. Schmelling is the author of Phys . Scripta 51 ( 1995 ) 676.