Plasma is the interaction of Electron.
Plasma is the interaction of Ions.
Plasma is the interaction of Radicals.
Surface is the interaction of Plasma.
Surface is the acquisition of Charge.
Surface triggers Depletion Layer.
Surface shields Sheath.
Materials Science is the unresolved aspect of Chemical Contamination.
Materials Science is the unresolved aspect of Mechanical Destruction.
Interaction is the interaction of Fusion Plasmas.
Interaction is the interaction of Dielectric Barrier Discharges.
Interaction is the interaction of Dusty Plasmas.
Interaction is the interaction of Hall Thrusters.
Interaction is the interaction of Electric Probe Measurements.
Energy Range is the relevant of Physical Processes.
Physical Processes involves Backscattering.
Physical Processes involves Secondary Electron Emission.
Bounded Plasmas is the important process of Probability.
Probability is the process of Absorption.
Probability is the process of Transmission.
Probability is the important process of Electron Sticking Probability.
Model Calculations bases Classical Considerations.
Quantum-Mechanical Approach proposes Electron Accumulation.
Plasma Walls applys Mgo.
Mgo obtains Electron-Beam Scattering Data.
Plasma Walls applys Sio.
Formalism is the describes of Results.
Results is the presents of Conclusions.
Electron Affinity is the determines of Potential Energy.
Potential Energy is the across of Plasma-Wall Interface.
Plasma-Wall Interface is the occupies of Conduction Band.
Conduction Band is the sees of Potential Barrier.
Electron Mass Mismatch is the determines of Potential Step.
Potential Step is the leads to of Scattering Trajectories.
Scattering Trajectories is the due to of Optical Phonons.
Optical Phonons is the yields of Energy Distribution.
Direction Cosines measures Momenta.
Momenta is the determines of Energy Distribution.
Energy Integrals is the essential for of Invariant Embedding Principle.
Electron Trajectories mimics Monte Carlo Trajectories.
Monte Carlo Trajectories is the solution of of Boltzmann Equation.
Convolution defines Integral Equation.
Scattering Rates derives Golden Rule Scattering Rate.
Optical Phonons Scattering is the dominates of Scattering Rates.
Phonon Emission is the emits of Electron.
Momentum Transfer is the affects of Electron.
Angle is the affects of Electron.
Electron is the enters of Wall.
Scattering Process is the involves of Electron.
Energy is the affects of Electron.
Direction Cosine is the affects of Electron.
Kernel is the affects of Electron.
Backscattering Kernel is the affects of Electron.
Electron Affinity bes Wall.
Electron is the hits of Wall.
Electron is the enters of Plasma.
Electron is the creates of Electron-Hole Pair.
Band Gap is the affects of Electron-Hole Pair.
Sticking Probability is the calculates of Electron.
Sticking Probability bes Plasma.
Elastic Interface Scattering is the involves of Electron.
Interfacial Scattering Center is the scatters of Electron.
Interfacial Disorder is the affects of Wall.