Ccsd(T) is the comparison of Ccsd.
Ccsd(T) performs Response Functions.
Ccsd performs Dalton Program.
Ccsd computes Energy.
Response Functions performs Dalton Program.
Mrci performs Molpro Suite Of Codes.
Separated Atoms sets Experimental Value.
Atomic Excitation Energies obtains Lrccsd Calculations.
Lrccsd Calculations calculates Deviation.
Potential Energy Curves computes Energy.
Potential Energy Curves confirms Dissociation Energy.
Potential Energy Curves reports Spectroscopic Parameters.
Vibrational States supports Electronic Ground State.
Vibrational States is the agrees with of Experimental Number.
Spectroscopic Parameters is the agrees with of Experimental Number.
Spectroscopic Parameters is the agrees with of Well Position.
Spectroscopic Parameters is the higher than of Binding Energy.
Root Mean Square Deviation computes Rovibrational Levels.
Root Mean Square Deviation is the percentage of of Potential Well Depth.
Excited Electronic States computes Potential Energy Curves.
Excited Electronic States is the range from of Dissociation Energies.
Excited Electronic States is the weakly bound with of Binding Energies.
Agreement is the relatively good with of Czuchaj And Collaborators.
Czuchaj And Collaborators is the agree within of Well Depths.
Czuchaj And Collaborators is the agree within of Equilibrium Distances.
Interaction shows Spectra.
Potential is the more accurate for of Spectra.
Radial Nonadiabatic Coupling computes Potential Energy Curves.
Potential Energy Curves confirms Resonant Interactions.
Potential Energy Curves confirms Crossings.
Potential Energy Curves confirms Spin-Orbit Coupling.
Matrix Elements computes Electric Transition Dipole Moments.
Transition Moment reports Electric Transition Dipole Moments.
Dynamic Stark Shift is the show resonances for of Resonances.
Adiabatic Elimination is the leads to of Dynamic Stark Shift.
Non-Resonant Transitions is the assumes only of Dynamic Stark Shift.
Hamiltonian represents Dynamic Stark Shift.
Thermal Ensemble gives Canonical Density Operator.
Time Evolution gives Partition Function.
Thermal is the for of Incoherent.
Liouville Von-Neumann Equation solves Density Operator.
Schrdinger Equation solves Basis Function.
Basis Function propagates Expectation Values.
Scattering States is the in distribution of of Rotational Quantum Numbers.
Thermal Ensemble describes Propagating.
Random Phases generates Random Wave Functions.
Expansion is the yields of Unity.
Vibrational Degree Of Freedom expands Expansion.
Partial Waves makes Spherical Symmetry.
Vibrational Motion conditions Partial Waves.
Rotational Coherence is the accounts for of Hamiltonian.
Bond Formation is the crucial for of Vibrational Coherence.
Density is the relates to of Interatomic Distances.
Dynamical Calculations is the involves of Thermal Density.
Bound Levels is the contributes to of Shape Resonances.
Scattering States is the at of Repulsive Barrier.
Potential haves Repulsive Barrier.
Thermal Density is the leads to of Rotational Barrier.
Probability Amplitude is the traps of Rotational Barrier.
Pair Density is the shows behavior of Thermal Density.
Pair Density is the shows behavior of Shape Resonances.
Excitation Yield is the depends on of Partial Waves.
Photoassociation is the observes of Shape Resonances.
Random Phase Wave Packets builds Thermal Density.
Random Phase Wave Packets builds Eigenfunctions.
Random Phase Wave Packets builds Kinetic Energy.
Eigenfunctions builds Random Phase Wave Packets.
Thermal Ensemble bes Initial State.
Thermal Ensemble bases Random Phase Wave Packets.
Thermal Ensemble bases Eigenfunctions.
Thermal Ensemble bases Kinetic Energy.
Thermal Ensemble requires Partial Waves.
Thermal Ensemble is the constructs of Random Phase Wave Functions.
Thermal Ensemble is the function of of Interatomic Separation.
Thermal Ensemble is the function of of Interatomic Separation.