Central Limit Theorem is the states of Averages.
Averages is the drawn from of Random Variables.
Random Variables bes Distributions.
Dynamical Effects is the produce changes compatible with of Koronis Family.
Time becomes Distributions.
Dynamics is the contribution increases of Koronis Family.
Koronis Family computes Members.
Nesvorn Et Al. (2015) takes Members.
Members is the values obtained of Leptokurtic.
Koronis Family is the values obtained of Leptokurtic.
Koronis Family dos Initial Distribution Of Inclinations.
Families selects Nesvorn Et Al. (2015).
Nesvorn Et Al. (2015) haves Members.
Nesvorn Et Al. (2015) haves Age Estimate.
Families is the should be considered of Conservative Estimates.
Skewness identifys Nesvorn Et Al. (2015).
Jarque-Bera Statistical Test is the confirms difference or not of Gaussian Distribution.
Jarque-Bera Statistical Test is the sensitive to normal distribution of Sample Data.
Jarque-Bera Statistical Test provides Error.
Skewness indicates Asymmetrical Ejection Velocity Field.
122 Families is the satisfied of Requirements.
Families is the not eliminated of Interlopers.
Families is the not considered of Local Dynamics.
Families is the should be considered of Conservative Estimates.
Values Of Kurtosis reports Families.
Karin Family is the cases of interest of Astrid Family.
Karin Family identifys Very Young Family.
Astrid Family locates Dynamically Quiet Region.
Astrid Family is the interacts with of Secular Resonance.
Secular Resonance is the produces large dispersion of Dispersion.
Astrid Family is the value of kurtosis drops of Revised Astrid Group.
Astrid Family is the skewness within range of Revised Astrid Group.
Karin Family is the very high skewness of Asymmetrical.
Astrid Family observes Very High Value Of Kurtosis.
Main Results is the developed of Model.
Model is the appear for newly created families of Velocities At Infinity.
Low Ratio peaks Velocities At Infinity.
Peaked Distribution is the positive values of Kurtosis.
Kurtosis confirms Leptokurtic Distribution.
Proper Inclination is the less affected than other parameters of Dynamical Evolution.
Proper Inclination concentrates Distribution In Proper Inclination.
Influence Of Dynamics studys Distribution Of Velocities.
Initial Distribution is the tend to become with time of More Normal.
Values Of Kurtosis computes Families.
Nesvorn Et Al. (2015) haves Members.
Nesvorn Et Al. (2015) haves Age Estimate.
Families is the between range of Values Of Skewness.
Eight Families is the satisfied of Criteria.
Eight Families is the could still bear of Traces Of Original Values.
Four Families identifys Younger Than 700 Myr.
Groups locates Not Strongly Affected.
Asymmetrical Families is the stand out of Cases Of Interest.
Astrid Family is the for partially pristine velocity field of Very Good Candidate.
Results is the could improve of Magnitude.
Magnitude is the constraints of Physical Mechanisms.
Magnitude is the for describing events of Simulations.
Magnitude is the for observing events of Size Frequency Distribution.
Southwest Research Institute (Swri) acknowledges Acknowledgment.
So Paulo State Science Foundation (Fapesp) supports Acknowledgment.
Brazilian National Research Council (Cnpq) supports Acknowledgment.
National Science Foundation (Nsf) supports Acknowledgment.
W. F. Bottke allows Acknowledgment.
S. Aljbaae revises Acknowledgment.
D. Durda improves Acknowledgment.
Michel acknowledges Acknowledgment.
Richardson acknowledges Acknowledgment.
Jutzi acknowledges Acknowledgment.
Asphaug acknowledges Acknowledgment.