Spectroscopic Observations is the involves of Far-Infrared Cooling Lines.
Spectroscopic Observations is the involves of Galaxies.
Spectroscopic Observations is the involves of Active Galactic Nuclei.
Spectroscopic Observations is the involves of Iso.
Galaxies is the dominates of Neutral Interstellar Medium.
Fine-Structure Line is the arises from of Singley Ionized Carbon Atoms.
Singley Ionized Carbon Atoms excites Neutral Hydrogen Atoms.
Singley Ionized Carbon Atoms excites Free Electrons.
Singley Ionized Carbon Atoms excites Protons.
Ultraviolet Photons is the release photo-electrons of Dust Grains.
Dust Grains is the source of photo-electrons of Polycyclic Aromatic Hydrocarbons.
Polycyclic Aromatic Hydrocarbons is the heats through kinetic energy transfer of Neutral Gas.
Neutral Gas is the cools down of Collision With C Atoms.
Neutral Gas is the cools down of Collision With Other Elements.
Neutral Gas is the decreases fir ratio of High Dust Temperatures.
Neutral Gas is the saturates line flux of High Density.
Neutral Gas is the ionizes dust grains of High Far-Uv Field.
Neutral Gas is the reduces fir ratio of High Dust-To-Gas Opacity.
Neutral Gas is the explains deficits in fir emission lines of High Ionization Parameter.
Luminous Infrared Galaxies is the dominate star-formation activity of Black Holes.
Luminous Infrared Galaxies is the dominate star-formation activity of Cosmic Infrared Background.
Luminous Infrared Galaxies is the dominate star-formation activity of Far-Infrared Selected Local Lirgs.
Herschel Space Observatory is the observes of Photodetector Array Camera And Spectrometer.
Herschel Space Observatory is the observes of Local Lirgs.
Herschel Space Observatory is the observes of Far-Infrared Cooling Lines.
Great Observatories All-Sky Lirg Survey is the encompasses of Local Lirgs.
Great Observatories All-Sky Lirg Survey is the encompasses of Ir Luminosities.
Great Observatories All-Sky Lirg Survey is the encompasses of Individual Galaxies.
Multi-Wavelength Data is the exploits potential of Local Lirgs.
Angular Resolution is the affects spatial disentanglement of Spitzer/Irs Spectroscopy.
Galactic Nuclei is the belong to of Individual Galaxies.
Mips24 is the measures flux density of Individual Galaxies.
Mips70 is the measures flux density of Individual Galaxies.
Mips160 is the measures flux density of Individual Galaxies.
Uniform Ir Luminosities is the derives of Individual Galaxies.
Far-Infrared Spectroscopic Observations is the obtains of Local Lirgs.
Image Slicer is the rearranges of Spectral Elements.
Line Maps is the obtains of Raster Positions.
Raster Positions is the obtains of Line Fluxes.
Chop-Nod Observations takes Individual Galaxies.
Signal-To-Noise Ratio is the depends on of Individual Galaxies.
Uncertainties provides Quantities.
Spitzer is the observation of Galaxies.
Herschel is the observation of Pacs.
Herschel is the observation of Irs.
Irs is the extraction of Aperture.
Aperture is the equivalence of Spaxel.
Spaxel is the equivalence of Ifs.
Irs is the derivation of Silicate Feature.
Irs is the derivation of Ew.
Hipe is the process of Data.
Data is the extraction of Line.
Line is the measurement of Source.
Source is the fitting of Continuum Emission.
Continuum Emission is the fitting of Gaussian Function.
Gaussian Function is the calculation of Flux.
Galaxies is the comparison of Lirgs.
Iso is the comparison of Dust Grains.
Uv Radiation is the heating of Dust Grains.
Agn is the contributes to of Galaxy.
Galaxy is the belongs to of Lirg.
Galaxy is the part of of Goals.
Dust is the responsible for of Galaxy.
Starburst is the drives of Galaxy.
Agn_Detection_Fraction is the predicts of Galaxy.
Far_Ir_Ratio correlates Galaxy.
Mid_Ir_Diagnostic requires Galaxy.
Spitzer_Irs combines Galaxy.
Alma observes Galaxy.
Ccat observes Galaxy.
Herschel_Pacs observes Galaxy.
Nasa makes Galaxy.