Polymers describes Quantum Mechanics.
Polymers describes Quantum Field Theory.
Polymers is the factor for of Chain Stiffness.
Polymer Molecules models Flexible Polymers.
Flexible Polymers develops Edwards.
Flexible Polymers is the model not applicable for of Edwards.
Flexible Polymers models Kratky And Porod.
Kratky And Porod proposes Wormlike Polymer.
Kratky And Porod is the penalty for of Bending Energy.
Kratky And Porod is the essential ingredient of of Local Inextensibility.
Semiflexible Polymers is the interest in for applications in of Biology.
Semiflexible Polymers is the interest in for applications in of Research On Semicrystalline Polymers.
Lattanzi is the numerically studied of Transverse Distribution Function.
Spakowitz And Wang is the exact calculations for of Transverse Distribution Function.
Three Dimensional Wormlike Chain is the representation of distribution function in terms of of Green S Function.
Three Dimensional Wormlike Chain computes Structure Factor.
Three Dimensional Wormlike Chain computes End-To-End Distribution Function.
Exact Formula bases Three Dimensional Wormlike Chain.
Exact Formula is the analytical results for of Short Chain Expansion.
Exact Formula is the analytical results for of Long Wormlike Chain.
Exact Formula is the comparison with for short polymer of Wkb Method.
Exact Formula is the comparison with for large chain of Perturbation Theory.
Formalism is the introduction to analytical considerations for of Short And Large Polymers.
Numerical Computation is the computation for with different number of of Monomers.
Fourier-Laplace Transform is the expression in compact form for of Distribution Function.
Fourier-Laplace Transform is the matrix element of in homogeneous external field of Quantum Rigid Rotator.
Short Chain Expansion is the expansion around the rod limit for of Stiff Rod.
Short Chain Expansion is the connection with of Plane Wave Expansion.
Arc Length is the equivalent for stiff rod in units of Chain End-To-End Distance.
Chain End-To-End Distance is the correspondence to of Plane Wave Expansion.
Stiff Rod is the distribution function of of Distribution Function.
Stiff Rod is the corrections to plane wave expansion for of Distribution Function.
Stiff Rod is the expansion of for large chain of Distribution Function.
Stiff Rod is the higher-order corrections for of Distribution Function.
Stiff Rod is the computation of for small of Distribution Function.
Stiff Rod is the computation of for large of Distribution Function.
Stiff Rod is the dependent on size of matrices and maximal summation of Accuracy Of The Calculations.
Legendre Polynomials is the expansion over for large chain of Distribution Function.
Inverse Laplace - Fourier Transform is the transformation of Term Xmath49.
Term Xmath49 is the inclusion of Eq . ( [ Gtkp ] ).
Term Xmath49 is the comparison of Monte Carlo Simulations.
Xmath103 is the comparison of Xmath104.
Xmath104 is the comparison of Xmath105.
Xmath105 is the comparison of Xmath106.
Xmath106 is the computation of Xmath107 Matrices.
Symbols is the extraction of Fig . 1.
Symbols is the extraction of Numerical Data.
Transverse Distribution Function is the study of Free End.
Three Dimensional Wormlike Chain is the study of Fixed Orientation.
Three Dimensional Wormlike Chain is the study of Position Of The Second End.
Exact Solution is the utilization of Green S Function.
Procedure Of Truncations is the application of Exact Solution.
Exact Solution is the truncation of Finite Order Matrices.
Distribution Function Xmath108 is the possession of Intermediate Chain Lengths.
Distribution Function Xmath108 is the characteristics of Interval Xmath0.
Distribution Function Xmath108 is the characteristics of Bimodal Shape.
Bimodal Shape is the characteristics of Transverse Displacement.
Recent Studies is the comparison of Two Dimensional Chain.
1D Distribution Function is the characteristics of Tiny Peak.
Tiny Peak is the characteristics of Onset Of Bimodality.
Onset Of Bimodality is the disappearance of Larger Xmath37.
Analytical Considerations is the agreement of Short And Large Polymers.
Analytical Considerations is the comparison of Classical Works.
Computation Of The Three Dimensional Distribution Function is the agreement of Monte Carlo Simulations.