Plasma is the motion of Electron.
Plasma is the motion of Ion.
Electron is the response of Laser Field.
Ion is the response of Laser Field.
Electron is the response of Spring.
Electron is the formation of Electron Jets.
Electron is the formation of Density Spike.
Ion is the induction of Charge Separation Fields.
Ion is the formation of Density Gradient.
Ion is the calculation of Momentum Flux Balance.
Plasma is the calculation of Energy Flux Balance.
Laser Field is the interaction of Plasma Particles.
Laser Field is the interaction of Source Plane.
Laser Field is the effect of Focusing Parameter.
Laser Field is the effect of Laser Radiation Pressure.
Laser Field is the effect of Temporal Variation.
Laser Field is the influence of Beam Properties.
Pic Simulations is the comparison of Experimental Investigation.
Harmonic Beam is the characterization of Far Field.
Intrinsic Phase describes Der Brgge.
Intrinsic Phase gives Electron Denting.
Electron Denting provides Plasma Surface.
Plasma Surface is the limit of of Ultra-Relativistic Intensities.
Source Size is the for normal incidence of Plasma Surface.
Plasma Surface increases Pm Curvature.
Pm Curvature optimizes Rom Conversion Efficiency.
Gradient Scale Length is the affects focusing of Pm Curvature.
Laser Pulse Duration is the little influence on pm curvature of Ion Motion.
Field Envelop is the leads to drift of Pm Surface.
Pm Surface is the combines with oscillation of Femtosecond Time Scale.
Femtosecond Time Scale is the responsible for hhg of Plasma Surface.
Doppler Shift is the linearly scales with of Harmonic Order.
Ion Motion is the affects doppler effect of Temporal Evolution.
Pic Simulations is the comparison performed of Ion Motion.
Pic Simulations is the moves inward and outward of Plasma Surface.
Ion Motion suppresss Doppler Blueshift.
Experiment is the shows zoom on of Spatio-Spectral Distribution.
Spatio-Spectral Distribution is the similar to of Pic Simulations.
Spatio-Spectral Distribution observes Red Shift.
Density Gradient Scale Length is the increases with of Doppler Shift.
Laser-Induced Pm Curvature mitigates Attosecond Beam Divergence.
Driving Laser-Beam is the compensates effect of of Pm Curvature.
Pm Curvature is the affects divergence of of Attosecond Beam.
Pm is the useful to focus of Reflected Beam.
Pm is the boosts of Peak Intensity.
Pm is the boosts of Fundamental Laser Frequency.
Pm is the boosts of Harmonics.
Curved Substrates achieves Reflected Beam.
Natural Light-Induced Pm Curvature is the leads to of Magnification Factors.
Natural Light-Induced Pm Curvature is the leads to of Fundamental Laser Frequency.
Natural Light-Induced Pm Curvature is the leads to of Harmonics.
Natural Light-Induced Pm Curvature describes Interaction Regime.