Barred Galaxies is the classification of Disc Galaxies.
Barred Galaxies classifys Optical.
Barred Galaxies classifys Infrared Images.
Non-Axisymmetric Potential is the impact on of Gas Dynamics.
Non-Axisymmetric Potential is the impact on of Star Formation.
Observations is the reveal correlation of Radial Abundance Gradient.
Observations is the reveal correlation of Strength Of The Bar.
Observations is the reveal correlation of Radial Gas Flow.
Observations is the reveal correlation of Radial Mixing Of Metals.
Observations is the reveal correlation of Efficiency Of Star Formation.
Observations is the concentrates gas at of Radial Mass Transfer.
Radial Mass Transfer is the at ends of the bar at corotation of Galactic Center.
Observations is the heats up of Stellar Velocity Dispersions.
Observations is the leads to of Radial Diffusion Of Stars.
Observations is the supports of Central Infall Of Gas.
Barred Galaxies is the more likely in of Active Galactic Nuclei (Agn).
Barred Galaxies is the fraction higher in of Central Radio Sources.
Barred Galaxies is the concentrates gas on scale of 41 kpc at the galactic center of Gas Concentration.
Barred Galaxies is the enhances central star formation of Starburst.
Barred Galaxies is the contributes to enhanced star formation of Starburst.
Barred Galaxies is the heats up outer disk parts of Stellar Velocity Dispersions.
Barred Galaxies is the leads to radial diffusion of stars of Stellar Velocity Dispersions.
Barred Galaxies is the probable companions are of Interaction Companions.
Barred Galaxies is the some parameters of of Basic Parameters.
Basic Parameters is the include of Spectral Models.
Spectral Models is the in units of of Column Density.
Spectral Models is the in units of of Plasma Temperature.
Spectral Models is the in units of of Photon Index.
Spectral Models is the in units of of Metallicity.
Spectral Models is the in units of of Scaling Factor.
Spectral Models is the in units of of Reduced.
Spectral Models is the in units of of Degrees Of Freedom.
Spectral Models is the in units of of Unabsorbed X-Ray Flux.
Spectral Models is the in units of of X-Ray Luminosity.
Spectral Models is the implies assumption that active nucleus dominates x-ray emission of Power-Law Model.
Spectral Models is the in single power-law model of Photon Index.
Spectral Models is the in agn emission model of Photon Index.
Spectral Models is the in hmxbs emission model of Photon Index.
Spectral Models is the of absorbing component of Column Density.
Spectral Models is the higher than galactic foreground column density of Column Density.
Spectral Models results X-Ray Luminosity.
Spectral Models is the from sources outside nuclear region of Flux Portion.
Spectral Models is the from disk sources of Flux Portion.
Spectral Models is the from hmxbs of Flux Portion.
Spectral Models is the from young star-forming regions of Flux Portion.
Spectral Models is the from disk sources of Flux Portion.
Spectral Models is the from hmxbs of Flux Portion.
Spectral Models is the from ob stars of Flux Portion.
Spectral Models is the from snii rate of Flux Portion.
Spectral Models is the achieve with low metallicity of Fit.
Spectral Models is the of highly ionized elements of Emission Lines.
Spectral Models is the play important role in x-ray spectrum of Emission Lines.
Spectral Models is the about 3 @ xmath7 of Column Density.
Spectral Models is the 0.6 kev of Plasma Temperature.
Spectral Models is the 4 erg s @ xmath3 of X-Ray Luminosity.
Spectral Models is the 3.5 erg s @ xmath3 of X-Ray Luminosity.
Spectral Models is the adequate fit with low metallicity of Fit.
Spectral Models expects Fit.
Spectral Models is the better with two-component model of Fit.
Spectral Models is the best explanation for observed soft x-ray emission of Fit.
Spectral Models is the within expected range of Hydrogen Column Density.
Spectral Models is the within expected range of Power-Law Spectral Index.
Spectral Models is the fits with observed values of other galaxies of Plasma Temperature.
Spectral Models is the 4.7 erg s @ xmath3 of X-Ray Luminosity.
Spectral Models is the comparison with residuals of Spectral Fit.
Spectral Models suggests Flux Ratio.
Spectral Models is the originates from disk sources of Thermal Rs Emission.
Spectral Models adds Thermal Component.
Spectral Models is the suggests disk sources contribute to thermal rs emission of Flux Ratio.
Forbes D.A . collaborates Polehampton E..
Forbes D.A . collaborates Stevens I.R ..
Forbes D.A . collaborates Brodie J.P ..
Forbes D.A . collaborates Ward M.J ..
Frei Z. collaborates Guhathakurta P..
Frei Z. collaborates Gunn J.E ..
Frei Z. collaborates Tyson J.A ..
Friedli D. collaborates Martinet L..
Friedli D. collaborates Benz W..
Friedli D. collaborates Kennicutt R..
Fukuda H. collaborates Wada K..
Fukuda H. collaborates Habe A..
Guhathakurta P. collaborates Van Gorkom J.H ..
Guhathakurta P. collaborates Kotanyi C.G ..
Guhathakurta P. collaborates Balkowski C..
Hasinger G. collaborates Boese G..
Hasinger G. collaborates Predehl P..
Ho L.C . collaborates Filippenko A.V ..
Ho L.C . collaborates Sargent W.L.W ..
Hodge P.W . collaborates Kennicutt R.C ..
Hummele. collaborates Van Der Hulst J.M ..
Junkes N. collaborates Zinnecker H..
Junkes N. collaborates Hensler G..
Junkes N. collaborates Dahlem M..
Junkes N. collaborates Pietsch W..
Keel W.C . collaborates Kennicutt R.C ..
Kennicutt R.C . collaborates Keel W.C ..
Kennicutt R.C . collaborates Blaha C.A ..
Koratkar A. collaborates Deustua S.E ..
Koratkar A. collaborates Heckman T..
Martin P. collaborates Roy J .-.
Martinet L. collaborates Friedli D..
Mavromatakis F. collaborates Mewe R..
Mewe R. collaborates Gronenschild E.H.B.M ..
Mewe R. collaborates Van Den Oord G.H.J ..
Mulchaey J.S . collaborates Colbert E..
Mulchaey J.S . collaborates Wilson A.S ..
Noguchi M. is the author of Noguchi M..
Norman C.A . collaborates Ikeuchi S..
Prez - Olea D.E . collaborates Colina L..
Raymond J.C . collaborates Smith B.W ..
Sellwood J.A . collaborates Wilkinson A..
Simkin S.M . collaborates Su H.J ..
Simkin S.M . collaborates Schwarz M.P ..
Suchkov A.A . collaborates Balsara D.S ..
Suchkov A.A . collaborates Heckman T.M ..
Suchkov A.A . collaborates Leitherer C..
Tully R.B . is the author of Tully R.B ..
Turner T.J . collaborates George I.M ..
Turner T.J . collaborates Mushotzky R.F ..
Van Dyk S.D . is the author of Van Dyk S.D ..
Warmels R.H . is the author of Warmels R.H ..
Watson M.G . is the author of Watson M.G ..
Woosley S.E . collaborates Weaver T.A ..
Mihalas D. collaborates Winkler K .- H ..