Red Supergiants is the require increased mass loss during the rsg phase of Mass Loss.
Red Supergiants is the discuss properties and excitations of radial and nonradial pulsations of Bsg Models.
Bsg Models is the start with 40 % of the critical rotation at the zero-age main-sequence stage of Rotational Mixing.
Bsg Models haves Rotational Mixing.
Bsg Models is the not include rotation effects in pulsation analyses of Pulsation Analyses.
Pulsation Analyses sets Complex Frequency.
Complex Frequency gives Pulsation Period.
Complex Frequency is the use symbol for normalized frequency of Normalized Frequency.
Normalized Frequency shows Radial Modes.
Radial Modes is the vary frequency of each mode regularly as a function of effective temperature of Radial Mode.
Radial Modes is the excite fundamental mode by fe-opacity bump in cephei instability region of Radial Mode.
Radial Modes is the damp other modes in the top panel of Radial Mode.
Radial Modes shows Thermal Modes.
Radial Modes is the use symbol for strongly damped modes of Thermal Modes.
Radial Modes is the show frequencies of thermal modes entering dynamical pulsation frequency range of Thermal Modes.
Radial Modes is the decrease frequency as damping time becomes longer of Thermal Modes.
Radial Modes makes Thermal Modes.
Radial Modes is the excite at least one mode throughout a range in models on the blue-loop of Thermal Modes.
Radial Modes is the show complex behavior with mode ordering rule lost and frequent mode crossings in models on the blue-loop of Thermal Modes.
Radial Modes is the define as modes not seen in adiabatic analyses of Strange Modes.
Strange Modes is the belong to strange modes but focus on another type excited by special instability of Thermal Damping Modes.
Strange Modes is the excite mainly by enhanced alpha-mechanism at fe-opacity bump of Thermal Damping Modes.
Strange Modes connects Thermal Damping Modes.
Strange Modes connects Thermal Damping Modes.
Strange Modes excites Thermal Damping Modes.
Radial Modes makes Mass-To-Luminosity Ratios.
Radial Modes generates Entropy Change.
Radial Modes is the enhance importance of radiation pressure with high mass-to-luminosity ratios of Radiation Pressure.
Radial Modes is the inward increase of gas pressure hampered or inverted with high mass-to-luminosity ratios of Gas Pressure.
Radial Modes is the form radiation pressure dominated zone around opacity peak with high mass-to-luminosity ratios of Opacity.
Radial Modes is the form density inversion with large second term on the right hand side of equation of Density Inversion.
Radial Modes is the show properties of pulsation modes in bsg models before and after rsg stage of Thermal Damping Modes.
Thermal Damping Modes is the relate with surface value of work for excited radial-pulsation mode of Amplitude Growth Rate.
Thermal Damping Modes is the assume amplitude of excited radial-pulsation mode to grow visible of Amplitude Growth Rate.
Thermal Damping Modes is the show structure variables in pulsation modes of Structure Variables.
Thermal Damping Modes is the define as specific heat per unit mass at constant pressure of Thermal Time.
Thermal Damping Modes is the show locally very non-adiabatic pulsations in outermost layers of Thermal Time.
Thermal Damping Modes is the occur around fe-opacity bump for longest period modes of Driving.
Thermal Damping Modes considers Driving.
Thermal Damping Modes is the affect driving mechanism in low temperature zone of Strange Mode Instability.
Thermal Damping Modes is the excite genuine strange-mode instability in heii ionization zone of Strange Mode Instability.
Strange Mode Instability is the work even in limit of nar approximation of Nar Approximation.
Strange Mode Instability is the introduce nonadiabatic reversible approximation of Nar Approximation.
Strange Mode Instability characterizes Three-Dimensional Property.
Strange Mode Instability performs Nonradial Pulsations.
Nonradial Pulsations is the possible only in frequency range below brunt-visl frequency of G-Mode Pulsations.
Nonradial Pulsations is the vary sensitively with pulsation frequency and interior structure of the star of Coupling Strength.
Nonradial Pulsations is the couple oscillations in envelope with g-mode oscillations in core through evanescent zones of Evanescent Zone.
Helium is the mass fraction of Cno.
Bsg is the evolution of Rsg.
Cno is the ratio of N/C.
Cno is the ratio of N/O.
Bsg is the evolution of Red Supergiant Branch.
Lagrangian Mass Coordinate is the location of Convective Core.
Lagrangian Mass Coordinate is the location of Stellar Surface.
Convective Core is the development of Convective Zone.
Convective Zone is the effect of C.
Convective Zone is the effect of N.
Convective Zone is the effect of O.
Blue Star is the evolution of Blue Supergiants.
Rsg is the evolution of Blue Star.
Blue Supergiants is the enrichment of N/O.
Type Ii-P Supernovae is the progenitor of Rsg.
Rsg is the evolution of Blue Star.
Blue Supergiants is the enrichment of Cno.
Blue Supergiants is the exploration of Circumstellar Environments.
Supergiant Models is the shows of Fig.[Fig : Rot ].
Fig.[Fig : Rot ] is the contains of Bsg Models.
Bsg Models is the similar to of Effective Temperatures.
Bsg Models evolves Blue Lines.
Bsg Models evolves Red Lines.
Fig.[Fig : Rot ] is the shows of Rotation Profile.
Rotation Profile normalizes @Xmath183.
Rotation Profile normalizes @Xmath184.
Rotation Profile normalizes @Xmath185.
Bsg Models is the indicate of Solid Lines.
Solid Lines is the affects of Mechanical Effect Of Rotation.
Mechanical Effect Of Rotation is the on of Stellar Structure.
Mechanical Effect Of Rotation is the smaller than of Local Gravity.
Local Gravity is the throughout of Interior.
Fig.[Fig : Rot ] is the indicate of Dashed Lines.
Dashed Lines normalizes Rotation Frequency.
Rotation Frequency is the in same way as of Global Parameters.
Fig.[Fig : Rot ] shows Pulsation Frequency.
Pulsation Frequency is the in same way as of Fig.[Fig : Omega ].
Core is the in of Supergiant Models.
Core is the high in of Rotation Frequency.
Envelope is the smaller than of Rotation Frequency.
Rotation Frequency is the much smaller than of Pulsation Frequency.
Radial Pulsations is the for of Pulsation Frequency.
Fig.[Fig : Omega ] shows Radial Pulsations.
Nonradial Oscillatory Convection Modes is the for of Pulsation Frequency.
Fig.[Fig : Omega ] shows Nonradial Oscillatory Convection Modes.
Pulsation Frequency confines Envelope.
Pulsation Frequency is the hardly influence of Rotation Frequency.
Supergiant Models is the justifies of Pulsation Property.
Pulsation Property is the without of Pulsation Analyses.
Pulsation Property is the without of Effect Of Rotation.