Condensed Matter Physics is the describes of Sharp Interfaces.
Materials Science is the describes of Sharp Interfaces.
Sharp Interfaces is the occurs in of Solidification.
Sharp Interfaces is the occurs in of Dendritic Growth.
Sharp Interfaces is the occurs in of Solid-Solid Transformations.
Sharp Interfaces is the occurs in of Grain Growth.
Sharp Interfaces is the utilizes of Diffuse Interface Technique.
Diffuse Interface Technique is the incorporates of Phase Field Models.
Phase Field Models is the studies of Fracture.
Fracture is the affects of Crack Propagation.
Crack Propagation is the influences of Interatomic Separation.
Fracture is the affects of Stress Field.
Crack Instabilities studys Phase Field Models.
Crack Instabilities relates Oscillations.
Crack Instabilities relates Bifurcation.
Strain Tensor is the comprises of Displacements.
Textures studys Ferroelastic Materials.
Textures studys Martensites.
Phase Field Models is the utilizes of Free Energy Density.
Free Energy Density is the describes of Elasticity.
Free Energy Density is the incorporates of Fracture Energy.
Free Energy Density is the incorporates of Regularization.
Regularization is the utilizes of Gradient Terms.
Fracture is the utilizes of Nonlinear Elasticity.
Fracture is the incorporates of Finite Regularization.
Finite Regularization is the dependent on of Stress.
Model is the use of Strain Tensor.
Model is the describe of Continuum Model.
Continuum Model is the describe of Cracks.
Continuum Model is the include of Regularization Terms.
Cracks is the smooth of Regularization Terms.
Model is the describe of Isotropic Material.
Isotropic Material is the fit of Griffith S Law.
Griffith S Law is the describe of Critical Stress.
Critical Stress is the function of of Crack Length.
Model is the include of Elastic Interactions.
Elastic Interactions is the predict of Propagation.
Propagation is the predict of Bending Of Cracks.
Model is the describe of Computational Power.
Computational Power is the wait for of Desktop Computer.
Model is the describe of Dynamical Effects.
Crack Propagation is the describe of Thermal Stresses.
Crack Propagation is the implement of Dynamical Equations.
Dynamical Equations is the occur of Crack Oscillation.
Dynamical Equations is the occur of Bifurcation.
Model is the determine of Minimum Energy Configuration.
Minimum Energy Configuration is the occur of Lateral Shifting Of Cracks.
Lateral Shifting Of Cracks is the drive of Energy Minimization.
Energy Minimization is the capture of Macroscopic Model.
Model is the describe of Fracture.
Fracture is the describe of Brittle Material.
Brittle Material is the describe of Non-Linear Elastic Process.
Model is the describe of Microscopic Details.
Microscopic Details is the describe of Interpolation Function.
Interpolation Function is the describe of Linear Elasticity.
Interpolation Function is the describe of Broken Material Regime.
Model is the describe of Phase Field.
Phase Field is the describe of Cleavage Planes.
Model is the describe of Finite Relative Rotations.
Model is the describe of Three Variables.
Three Variables is the enforce of Compatibility Condition.
Compatibility Condition is the use of Lagrange Multiplier.
Three Variables is the occur of Non-Local Interaction.
Non-Local Interaction is the occur of Long Range Interaction.
Quadratic Dependence is the capture of Macroscopic Model.
Macroscopic Model is the describe of Microscopic Scale.