Soft Gamma Repeaters is the may allow determining of Compact Stars.
Compact Stars observes Quasi-Periodic Oscillations.
Compact Stars is the frequency similar to torsional modes of Torsional Modes.
Soft Gamma Repeaters is the supports proposal of Magnetars.
Soft Gamma Repeaters excites Torsional Oscillations.
Torsional Oscillations is the observed frequencies in x-ray tail of Crust.
Crust is the crust-core coupling of Global Magnetic Field.
Global Magnetic Field is the stresses importance of Alfvn Continuum.
Alfvn Continuum is the edges yield long-lived qpos of Numerical Simulations.
Numerical Simulations amplifys Drifting Qpos.
Torsional Oscillations is the investigations in crust region of Neutron Stars.
Soft Gamma Repeaters is the produce with peak luminosities of Giant Flares.
Giant Flares detects Quasi-Periodic Oscillations.
Quasi-Periodic Oscillations is the originate from toroidal oscillations of Torsional Oscillations.
Torsional Oscillations is the investigations in crust region of Neutron Stars.
Linearized Alfvn Oscillations performs Magnetars.
Magnetars constructs Dipolar Magnetic Field.
Ideal Magnetofluid is the examine response to perturbation of Perturbation.
Spheroidal Oscillations is the two types of oscillations of Toroidal Oscillations.
Toroidal Oscillations observes Quasi-Periodic Oscillations.
Quasi-Periodic Oscillations identifys Alfvn Qpos.
Empirical Relations is the constrain magnetic field strength of Magnetic Field Strength.
26Hz is the due to of Crust Mode.
Crust Mode is the for of Weak Magnetic Field.
26Hz is the agree with of 1.4@Xmath5 Model.
1.4@Xmath5 Model constructs Eos.
1.4@Xmath5 Model is the obtains of 72Hz.
1.4@Xmath5 Model is the obtains of 73Hz.
1.4@Xmath5 Model is the obtains of 74Hz.
1.4@Xmath5 Model is the obtains of 75Hz.
1.4@Xmath5 Model is the obtains of 76Hz.
1.4@Xmath5 Model is the for of 77 G.
Qpo Frequencies is the agree with of Independent Numerical Code.
Qpo Frequencies is the could lead to of Results.
Qpo Frequencies is the constraints on of Magnetic Field Topologies.
Three-Dimensional Numerical Simulation includes Crust-Core Interaction.
Three-Dimensional Numerical Simulation couples Mhd Interior.
Three-Dimensional Numerical Simulation couples Exterior Magnetosphere.
Results is the provide starting point of Three-Dimensional Numerical Simulation.
Results presents Extensive Details.
Results is the thank to of Yuri Levin.
Results is the thank to of Pablo Crda-Duran.
Results is the thank to of Toni Font.
Results is the thank to of Demosthenes Kazanas.