Cosmic Microwave Background is the measures of Anisotropy.
Anisotropy is the tests/constrains of Models Of Cosmic Structure Formation.
Cobe discovers Large Angular Scale Anisotropy.
Systematic Effects is the affects of Foreground Contaminants.
Cosmic Structure Formation Models is the affects of Global Parameters Of The Universe.
South Pole is the location of Degree Scale Anisotropy Measurements.
Degree Scale Anisotropy Measurements provides Results.
Results bases Observations.
Observations uses Advanced Cosmic Microwave Explorer (Acme).
Advanced Cosmic Microwave Explorer (Acme) includes Gregorian Telescope.
Gregorian Telescope is the defines of Beam Profile.
Ka-Band Receiver is the incorporates of Hemt Amplifier.
Hemt Amplifier is the affects of Beam Profile.
Q-Band Receiver is the uses of Cryogenic Hemt Amplifier.
Cryogenic Hemt Amplifier is the affects of Beam Profile.
Radiometers uses Calibration.
Calibration is the affects of Data.
Data is the measures of Temperature.
Temperature is the affects of Beam Position.
Beam Position is the determines of Absolute Pointing.
Absolute Pointing is the affects of Relative Pointing.
Relative Pointing is the affects of Window Function.
Window Function is the defines of Beam Profile Function.
Radiometers uses Data Analysis.
Data Analysis is the involves of Weather Filters.
Weather Filters is the affects of Data.
Data bases Observations.
Observations is the affects of Astrophysical Foregrounds.
Astrophysical Foregrounds includes Synchrotron Emission.
Astrophysical Foregrounds includes Free-Free Emission.
Astrophysical Foregrounds includes Radio Sources.
Radio Sources includes Point Sources.
Point Sources is the affects of Likelihood Analysis.
Likelihood Analysis is the determines of Root Mean Square (Rms) Amplitude.
Likelihood Analysis is the determines of Cmb Power Spectrum.
Cmb Power Spectrum is the defines of Two Point Correlation Function.
Two Point Correlation Function is the defines of Radiation Temperature.
Two Point Correlation Function is the defines of Broad Band Power.
Broad Band Power is the estimates of Scale Invariant Radiation Power Spectrum.
Scale Invariant Radiation Power Spectrum is the affects of Covariance Matrix.
Table 1 is the lists of Band Power Estimates.
Table 1 is the lists of Observations.
Table 1 is the lists of Combined Observations.
Figure 2 is the shows of Band Power Estimates.
Figure 2 is the shows of Cobe Band Power Estimate.
Q-Band Broad Band Power is the consistent with of Standard Cdm.
Q-Band Broad Band Power is the consistent with of Spectral Index.
Q-Band Broad Band Power is the consistent with of Cmb Spectrum.
Ka-Band Observation is the consistent with of Standard Cdm.
Ka-Band Observation normalizes Cobe.
Ka-Band Observation dos Spectral Index.
Ka-Band Observation dos Radio Sources.
Ka-Band Observation combines Q-Band Data.
Ka-Band Observation is the consistent with of Broad Band Power.
Ka-Band Observation is the consistent with of Spectral Index.
Ka-Band Observation is the consistent with of Cmb Spectrum.
Ka-Band Observation combines Ka+Q Observations.
Ka+Q Observations is the consistent with of Standard Cdm.
Ka+Q Observations normalizes Cobe.
Ka+Q Observations is the consistent with of Broad Band Power.
Ka+Q Observations is the consistent with of Spectral Index.
Ka+Q Observations is the consistent with of Cmb Spectrum.
Ka+Q Observations is the corresponds to of Amplitude.
Ka+Q Observations is the shows improvement on of Ka+Q Data.
Ka+Q Data is the improvement on of Confidence Interval.
Ka+Q Data is the corresponds to of Best Fit.
Ka+Q Data is the excludes at level of Most Probable Spectra.
Ka+Q Data is the excludes at level of Spectra.
Sp94 Results compares Sp91 Results.
Sp94 Results compares Wollack Et Al. 1993 (Sk93).
Bond, 1994B is the reanalysis of of Sp91A.
Bond, 1994B is the reanalysis of of Sp91B.
Bond, 1994B is the assumes of Sp91 Analysis.
Bond, 1994B is the compares to of Ka-Band Sp94 Results.
Wollack Et Al. 1993 (Sk93) is the consistent with of Sp94 Results.
Wollack Et Al. 1993 (Sk93) is the consistent with of Sp91 Results.
Wollack Et Al. 1993 (Sk93) is the addresses of Differences.
Hemt Amplifier supplys Nrao - Cdl.
Hemt Amplifier provides Hughes Research Labs.
Hughes Research Labs incorporates Inp Hemts.
Project is the dependent on of Hemt Amplifier.
Project is the dependent on of Center For Particle Astrophysics.
Project is the dependent on of Antarctic Support Associates Staff.
Antarctic Support Associates Staff provides Amundsen-Scott South Pole Station.
Cdm Radiation Power Spectrum provides N. Sugiyama.
Cdm Radiation Power Spectrum provides R. Bond.
Cdm Radiation Power Spectrum provides M. Srednicki.
Cdm Radiation Power Spectrum provides P. Steinhardt.
Cdm Radiation Power Spectrum provides M. White.
Cdm Radiation Power Spectrum provides L. Page.
J. Schuster is the acknowledged contributions of of N. Figueiredo.
N. Figueiredo is the partially supported by of Conselho Nacional De Desenvolvimento Cientifico E Tecnologico.
Project supports Nsf Grant Opp 92-21468.
Project supports Ast 91-20005.
Bond, J. R. publishs 1991.
Bond, J. R. publishs 1994A.
Bond, J. R. publishs 1994B.
E publishs 1994.
Gaier , T. publishs 1992.
Gorski , K. M. publishs 1994.
Gundersen , J. O. publishs 1994.
Haslam , C. G. T. publishs 1982.
Lubin , P. M. publishs 1994.
Mather , J. publishs 1994.
Meinhold , P. publishs 1991.
Meinhold , P. publishs 1993.
Pospieszalski , M. W. publishs 1990.
Pospieszalski , M. W. publishs 1994.
Schuster , J. publishs 1993.
Smoot , G. F. publishs 1992.
Steinhardt , P. J. publishs 1994.
Sugiyama , N. publishs 1994.
White , M. publishs 1994.
Wilkinson , D. publishs 1994.
Wollack , E. J. publishs 1993.
Wright , A. E. publishs 1990.