Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Extragalactic Astronomy.
Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Distance Determinations.
Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Kinematic Tracers.
Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Dark Halos.
Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Galaxies.
Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Diffuse Stellar Population.
Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Narrow Line Emission.
Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Photometry.
Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Slitless Spectroscopy.
Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Elliptical Galaxies.
Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Spiral Galaxies.
Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Distance Determination.
Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Planetary Nebulae Luminosity Function.
Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Absolute Bright Magnitude Cutoff.
Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Metallicity.
Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Oxygen Abundance.
Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Interstellar Reddening.
Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Distance Modulus.
Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Population Gradients.
Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Morphologies.
Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Dark Matter Distribution.
Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Radial Velocities.
Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Mass Distribution.
Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Stellar Populations.
Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Dynamical Modelling.
Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Phase-Space Distributions.
Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Kinematics.
Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Stellar Population Effects.
Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Co-Rotating Velocities.
Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Counter-Rotating Velocities.
Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Absorption Line Spectroscopy.
Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Statistical Analysis.
Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Magnitude Completeness.
Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Systemic Velocity.
Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Filter Configuration.
Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Velocity Coverage.
Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Magnitude Differences.
Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Velocity Errors.
Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Kinematic Bias.
Planetary Nebulae is the importance in of Pearson'S R-Test.
Bright Pns is the part of of Ngc 4697.
Faint Pns is the part of of Ngc 4697.
Counter-Rotating Bright Pns is the part of of Ngc 4697.
Main Pn Population is the part of of Ngc 4697.
Secondary Pn Population is the part of of Ngc 4697.
Compact Hii Regions is the contamination of Bright Pns.
Intracluster Pns is the not contamination of Ngc 4697.
Foreground Objects is the not contamination of Ngc 4697.
Jacoby collaborates Ciardullo.
Ciardullo collaborates Collaborators.
M84 haves M84 Overluminous Pns.
M84 Overluminous Pns is the bound to of Halo.
M87 haves Overluminous Pns.
Ngc 4697 haves Bright Pn Subpopulation.
Ngc 4697 haves Secondary Stellar Population.
Ngc 4697 correlates Metallicity.
Ngc 4697 haves Blue Straggler Stars.
Ngc 4697 haves X-Ray Point Sources.
Ngc 4697 haves Tidal Structures.
Elliptical Galaxies is the may contain of Secondary Stellar Populations.