Infrared Telescope In Space reveals Space Observatory.
Space Observatory reveals Diffuse Spectra.
Diffuse Spectra is the indicates presence of dusts of Interstellar Medium.
Carina Nebula examines Sharpless 171 Region.
Sharpless 171 Region examines S174.
Carina Nebula investigates Long-Wavelength Spectrometer.
Long-Wavelength Spectrometer is the on board the iso of Lws.
Diffuse Emission observes Crystalline Silicates.
Crystalline Silicates is the possibility of existence of Universe.
Série investigates Central C.M..
Central C.M. scans Two-Dimensional Raster Scanning.
Two-Dimensional Raster Scanning scans Lws-Grating Scanning Mode.
Far-Wave Spectra is the possibility of carrier of Carbon-Wax Grains.
Carbon-Wax Grains is the possibility of carrier of Curved Graphite.
Scattering is the question of of Responsivity.
Scattering is the question of of Dark Current.
Scattering is the question of of Spatial Brightness.
Lws Handbook is the correction factors of Stitched Spectra.
Adjacent Channel Spectra is the affects appearance of Sw2.
Adjacent Channel Spectra is the affects appearance of Sw4.
Adjacent Channel Spectra is the affects appearance of Sw3.
Sw3 is the visible in spectrum of Individual Signals.
Sw3 is the visible in spectrum of Narrow Band Feature.
Narrow Band Feature is the visible in spectrum of S171.
Individual Signals is the calculation of troughs of Bands.
Bands is the consists of of Slits.
Slits is the example of calculations of Color-Corrected Spectrum.
Slits is the structure correction of Stitched Spectra.
Narrow Band Feature is the presence in spectrum of 65 M.
65 M is the observation of Crystalline Silicates.
Crystalline Silicates is the possibility of existence of Universe.
Diopside is the presence in space of Interstellar Medium.
Diopside is the presence in space of Ca-Containing Dust.
Diopside is the endures harsh conditions of High-Temperature Liquid.
Diopside is the utilized for model of Pes Data.
Pes Data is the data input of Rayleigh-Jeans-Class Model.
Rayleigh-Jeans-Class Model is the adjustment of Voltage-To-Voltage-Dependent Emissivity Model.
Rayleigh-Jeans-Class Model is the comparison of Power-Law Emissivity Model.
Rayleigh-Jeans-Class Model is the comparison of Dielectric Constant.
Intensity Distribution is the affects spectrum shape of Global Shape.
Gaps is the affects appearance of Temperature.
Kinetic Coefficients is the comparison of Graphite Sphere.
Kinetic Coefficients is the comparison of Carbon Onion Sphere.
Graphite Sphere is the visibility of Interband Transitions.
Carbon Onion Sphere is the visibility of Interband Transitions.
Dielectric Constants is the adjustment of Kinetic Coefficients.
Graphite Sphere is the comparison of Kinetic Coefficients.
Carbon Onion Sphere is the comparison of Kinetic Coefficients.
Carbon Onion Grains is the presence in spectrum of Broad 100 Kinetic Region.
Carbon Onion Grains is the visibility of Interband Transition.
Carbon Onion Grains is the adjustment of Dielectric Constants.
Carbon Onion Grains is the comparison of Kinetic Coefficients.
Carbon Onion Grains is the comparison of Optical Properties.
Carbon Onion Grains is the comparison of Continuum.
Carbon Onion Grains is the determination of Efficiency.
Carbon Onion Grains is the presence in region of Diffuse Infrared.
Quenched Carbonaceous Composite is the similarity of Interstellar 220 Nm Hump.
70 M Band is the attribution of Ca-Rich Silicate.
Ca-Rich Silicate is the observation of Crystalline Silicate.
Japanese Iso Group is the acknowledgement of Tsuji.
Japanese Iso Group is the acknowledgement of H. Shibai.
Japanese Iso Group is the acknowledgement of Chihara.
Japanese Iso Group is the acknowledgement of Koike.
Japanese Iso Group is the acknowledgement of Tsuchiyama.
De Graauw is the acknowledgement of Demyk.
De Graauw is the acknowledgement of Jones.
De Graauw is the acknowledgement of Dartois.
De Graauw is the acknowledgement of Cox.
De Graauw is the acknowledgement of Dhendecourt.
Molster is the acknowledgement of Barlow.
Molster is the acknowledgement of Sylvester.
Molster is the acknowledgement of Waters.
Molster is the acknowledgement of Beintema.
Molinari is the acknowledgement of Ceccarelli.
Molinari is the acknowledgement of White.
Molinari is the acknowledgement of Saraceno.
Molinari is the acknowledgement of Nisini.
Molinari is the acknowledgement of Giannini.
Venghaus is the acknowledgement of Hyland.
Venghaus is the acknowledgement of Iwa.
Venghaus is the acknowledgement of Kaito.
Venghaus is the acknowledgement of Kitamura.