Two-Particle Transfer Reactions is the study of Collective Pairing Modes.
Collective Pairing Modes is the study of Excitation Energies.
Collective Pairing Modes is the study of New Beam.
Collective Pairing Modes is the observation of Giant Pairing Resonance.
Giant Pairing Resonance is the mention of Papers.
Association Mode is the prediction of Vibrations.
Association Mode is the analysis of Giant Pairing Resonance.
Navet Rpa is the example of Lead.
Navet Rpa is the example of Bcs - Rpa.
Lead is the dominate of Cross-Section.
Lead is the dominate of Nuclei.
Tin is the dominate of Cross-Section.
Tin is the dominate of Nuclei.
Two-Particle Transfer Reactions is the reference of Review.
Hamiltonian is the calculate of Pair Transfer Strength.
Pair Transfer Strength is the associate of State.
State is the calculate of Energy.
Normal Nuclei applys Hamiltonian.
Normal Nuclei applys Monopole Strength.
Open Shell Nuclei applys Hamiltonian.
Open Shell Nuclei is the collectivity of Pair Of Particles.
Non-Normal Nuclei applys Hamiltonian.
Non-Normal Nuclei applys Monopole Strength.
Isotopes Of Calcium is the study of Closed Shelled.
Isotopes Of Calcium is the study of Structure.
Isotopes Of Calcium is the study of Nuclei.
Arguments is the compare of Foundation.
Calculation is the compare of Broglia And Bes Estimation.
Calculation is the reference of Common Targets.
Parallel Shells is the enhancement of Calculation.
Parallel Shells is the enhancement of Cis-Core.
Pcc is the calculate of Pc Sense.
Calculation is the position of Gpv.
Gpv is the compare of Broglia And Bes Estimation.
Radioactive Ion Beams is the permit of Calculations.
Calculations is the plan of Experiments.
Experiments is the study of Role Of The Two-Way Interaction.
Role Of The Two-Way Interaction is the study of Nucleus.
Role Of The Two-Way Interaction is the use of Weakly Bound Nuclei.
Xiu S R is the locate of A.
Xiu S R is the locate of B.
Author is the acknowledge of Andrey V. Vitturi.
Author is the acknowledge of Hugo Sofia.
Author is the acknowledge of Wolfram Von Oertzen.
Author is the acknowledge of C. H. Dasso.
Author is the acknowledge of G. Pollarolo.
Author is the acknowledge of A. Vitturi.