Inflation relates Spatial Hypersurfaces.
Inflation relates Models.
Cosmological Constant relates Dimensionless Parameter.
Dimensionless Parameter relates Mass Density.
Energy Spectrum relates Density Perturbations.
Fluctuations relates Bubble.
Bubble is the contains of Universe.
Bubble characterizes Symmetry.
Bubble is the initiates of Nucleation.
Observational Predictions bases Radiance.
Galactic Radiating Band relates Galactic Blowing.
Galactic Blowing is the affects of Angular Scales.
Ionosphere relates Galactic Plane.
Cmb Spatial Anisotropy relates Quadrupoles.
Quadrupoles combines Multipoles.
Tilt relates Gravity Waves.
Energy-Density Spectrum relates Density Perturbation Power Spectrum.
Density Perturbation Power Spectrum affects Spatial Curvature.
Spherical Harmonic Decomposition uses Angular Perturbation Spectrum.
Parameter Functions relates Ionization.
Ionization is the impacts of Reionization.
Angular Position utilizes Spherical Harmonic Decomposition.
Fig. 6 is the shows likelihood functions of Fig. 7.
Fig. 6 is the shows probability functions of Table 13.
Fig. 7 is the shows probability functions of Table 13.
Table 13 is the compares with columns of Table 16.
Fig. 12 is the compares ridges of Fig. 14.
Fig. 14 is the shows probability density points of Fig. 15.
Fig. 14 is the shows probability density points of Fig. 16.
Fig. 15 masks Fig. 17.
Fig. 16 masks Fig. 17.
Fig. 21 is the illustrates agreement of Fig. 23.
Table 8 is the lists normalization amplitudes of Table 16.
Table 12 is the compares rms values of Table 14.
Cdm is the compares of Cdm.
Cdm is the employs of Cdm.
Cdm is the prefers of Cdm.
Cdm is the describes of Cdm.
Cdm is the utilizes of Cdm.
Cdm is the supports of Cdm.
Probabilities is the describes of Angular Sphere.
Systematic Uncertainties is the affects of Angular Sphere.
Known Uncertainties is the affects of Cmb Anisotropy.
Decimal Uncertainty is the smaller than of Bw.
Decomposition Uncertainty is the of of Eq..
Effects is the contributes to of Fractional Uncertainty.
Fractional Uncertainty is the less than of Quadrupole Moment.
Dmr Data compares Large-Scale Structure Observations.
Light Element infers Nucleosynthesis.
Particle Physics-Based Theory bases Stress-Energy Disturbance.
Stress-Energy Disturbance includes Stress-Energy Disturbance Mechanisms.
Stress-Energy Disturbance includes Stress-Energy Disturbance Effects.
Spectral Shape is the consistent with of Dmr Normalized Model.
Observational Predictions dos Galaxy Number Fluctuations.
Quadrupole-Excluded Analysis is the favours of Model-Viability.