Electro-Magnetic Probes is the detection means of Real Or Virtual Photons.
Gluon-Fluid Plasma is the formation of Ultra-Relativistic Heavy Ion Collisions.
Plasma is the in equilibrium with of Thermal Equilibrium.
Plasma measures Temperature T.
Plasma is the exceeds of Rate Of Production.
Rate Of Decay dominates Hadrons.
Rate Of Decay dominates Decaying Processes.
Rate Of Decay dominates Hard Processes.
Pre-Factor gives Exponential Damping.
Thermal Deficit observes One-Circuit Re-Stack.
Thermal Deficit observes Inverse Re-Stack.
Thermal Deficit gives Moments.
Thermal Deficits is the higher order than of Thermal Disturbances.
Fermion Re-Stack simplifys Bare Theory.
Diagrams is the better than of Effective Theory.
Diagrams is the shows effectiveness of Propagators.
Diagrams is the shows effectiveness of Vertices.
Diagrams is the in perturbation theory of Observations.
Thermal Mass Of The Quark relates Thermal Mass Of The Quark.
Large Logarithmic Term is the dominates over of Constant Term.
One-Circuit Correction finds Inverse Propagator.
Fermion Propagator simplifys Bare Theory.
Enlargement is the first enlargement of of Graph.
Enlargement is the second enlargement of of Graph.
Graph is the corresponds to of Bremsstrahlung Production.
Bremsstrahlung Production is the production of of Photon.
Bremsstrahlung Production is the production of of Antiquark Annihilation Process.
Antiquark Annihilation Process is the destroys in of Quarks.
Kinematic Range increases Graph.
Graph is the compensates for of Gluon'S Admixture.
Calculation is the consists in of Integration.
Integration is the of type of Loops.
Loops indicates Dashed Lines.
Calculation is the in of Non-Coherent Regime.
Effects reduces Chemical Equilibrium.
Effects reduces Higher Order Corrections.
Convergence is the worry about of Expansion.
Enhancement Mechanism employs Ladder-Like Figuration.
Ladder-Like Figuration is the shows of Ladder-Like Diagram.
Ladder-Like Diagram is the presents of Extra Longitudinal Gluon.
Extra Longitudinal Gluon is the between of Lineage.
Extra Longitudinal Gluon is the acts as of Cut-Off.
Transverse Gluon is the of order of Regulators.
Transverse Gluon is the of order of Regulators.
Transverse Gluon is the of same order as of Three-Fold Diagram.
Kinematic Configuration is the falls in of Virtuality.
Virtuality is the of of Domain.
Virtuality is the sufficient at of Perturbative Calculation.