Magnetic Nanoparticles is the influences of Magnetic Properties.
Magnetic Nanoparticles is the influences of Surface Influences.
Magnetic Nanoparticles is the influences of Biomedical Researches.
Nanoparticles is the influences of Nanorods.
Nanoparticles is the influences of Nanostructures.
Nanostructures is the leads to of Magnetization.
Nanostructures is the leads to of Ferrimagnetic Materials.
Nanostructures Such As Nanowires Or Nanotubes is the capable of of Compensating.
Dynamic Symmetry indicates Order Parameter.
Core-Shell Magnetic Nanoparticle System studys Frequency Dispersion Of Dynamic Hysteresis.
Core-Shell Magnetic Nanoparticle System dos Exchange Coupling.
Core-Shell Magnetic Nanoparticle System studys External Field.
Antiferromagnetic Interaction is the affects of Core And Shell Layers.
Dynamic Phase Transition Properties is the determines of Amplitude.
Dynamic Phase Transition Properties is the determines of Frequency.
Dynamic Phase Transition Properties is the determines of Oscillating Magnetic Field.
Dynamic Phase Transition Properties is the investigates of Size-Dependent Magnetic Properties.
Core-Shell Magnetic Nanoparticle System studys Electro-Mechanical Properties.
Core-Shell Magnetic Nanoparticle System is the responds to of Dynamic Magnetization.
Core-Shell Magnetic Nanoparticle System is the less strong than of Ferromagnetic Chemistry.
Ferromagnetic Materials is the classifies into of Thermal Variation.
Ferromagnetic Materials arranges Total Magnetism.
Ferromagnetic Materials is the introduces into of Spin Inequality.
Core And Shell Layers is the belongs to of Dynamic Order Parameters.
Core And Shell Layers is the belongs to of Dynamic Heat Capacity.
Core-Shell Coupling is the less than of Antiferromagnetic Interaction.
Core-Shell Coupling is the less strong than of Ferromagnetic Chemistry.
Core-Shell Coupling is the affects of Dynamic Phase Transition Properties.
Core-Shell Coupling drives Hysteresis Loops.
Hysteresis Loops is the affects of Coercivity.
Hysteresis Loops is the affects of Remanent Magnetization.
Antiferromagnetic Interactions is the affects of Antiferromagnetic Aspect Of The Interface.
Antiferromagnetic Aspect Of The Interface is the reduces to zero of Coercivity.
Frequency is the affects of Coercivity.
Frequency is the increases of Magnetization Values.
Interfacial Strength is the not sufficient for of Compensating Force.
Particle is the determines of Dynamic Magnetization.
Particle is the determines of Total Magnetization.
Particle is the influences of Thermal Properties.
Particle is the influences of Magnetic Properties.
Particle is the influences of Coercivity.
Particle is the influences of Remanence.
Particle is the influences of Temperature.
Compensation is the occurs at of Compensating Force.
Dynamic Parameters is the determines of Dynamic Magnetization.
Exchange Bias Systems is the analyzes of Temperature-Dependent Properties.
Scientific And Technical Committee is the acknowledgment of Turkey Research Council.