Efar Project is the study of Early-Type Galaxies.
Efar Project is the study of Basic Plane.
Efar Project is the study of Clusters Of Galaxies.
Renzini & Ciotti is the show effect of Mass-To-Light Ratio.
Renzini & Ciotti is the show effect of Equator.
Renzini & Ciotti is the imply relation of Elliptical Galaxies.
Burstein results Scatter.
Magnesium Lines is the show effect of Gravitational Field.
Iron Lines is the show effect of Gravitational Field.
Trager is the assert of Ages.
Trager is the assert of Metallicity.
Trager is the assert of Population.
Trager is the imply relation of Stars.
Trager is the imply relation of Peculiar Motions.
Trager is the imply relation of Elliptical Galaxies.
Trager is the imply relation of Local Environment.
Trager is the imply relation of Interactions.
Redshift Samples is the assign to of Galaxies.
Ethereal Sample is the include of Early-Type Galaxies.
Bulges is the dominate of Elliptical Galaxies.
Spirals is the imply relation of Elliptical Galaxies.
Spirals is the imply relation of Elliptical Galaxies.
Coma is the observe of Galaxies.
Virgo is the observe of Galaxies.
Field is the observe of Galaxies.
Galaxy Spectrum is the measure of Fxcor.
Galaxy Spectrum is the measure of Lick System.
Lick System is the calculate of Atomic Index.
Gaussian Statistics is the estimate of Residuals.
Linear Relationships is the contain of Measurement Errors.
Linear Relationships is the contain of Censoring.
Linear Relationships is the contain of Sampling-Poll.
Maximum Likelihood Fitting Procedure is the base on of Saglia.
Slope is the estimate of Intrinsic Scatter.
Morphological Classification is the classify of Galaxies.
Ml Fits is the apply to of Galaxies.
Galaxies is the distribute of Zero Point.
Clusters is the distribute of Zero Point.
Redshifts is the assign to of Galaxies.
X-Ray Radii is the assign to of Galaxies.
Velocity is the imply relation of Cluster Mass.
Age is the affect of Galaxies.
Metallicity Effects is the affect of Galaxies.
Chemical Enrichment is the affect of Galaxies.
Colour is the affect of Galaxies.
Relational Properties is the affect of Galaxies.
Residuals is the correlate with of Radius.
Jrgensen is the study of Cluster.
Cluster is the correlation of Equator.
Cluster is the association of Mass.
Cluster is the association of Density.
Ratio is the weak correlation of Mass.
Simulation bases Model.
Model is the description of Atoms.
Galaxies is the comparison of Stellar Populations.
Stellar Populations is the sensitivity of Metallicity.
Stellar Populations is the sensitivity of Dispersion.
Dispersion is the fractional of Age.
Dispersion is the fractional of Metallicity.
Dispersion is the fractional of Galaxies.
Galaxies is the type of Elliptical Galaxies.
Elliptical Galaxies is the dependence of Cluster Mass.
German Research Council is the grant of Df 779.
Lorenz Centre is the acknowledgement of Prof. De Zeeuw.
Alexander Von Humboldt-Stiftung is the support of Ruhr-Universitt Bochum.
Nsf Grants is the partial support of Serc.
Serc is the acknowledgement of Wadham College.