Solar Corona heats Temperature.
Solar Corona is the key role in heating of Magneto-Hydrodynamic Waves.
Photosphere is the converts to of Convective Energy.
Photosphere is the through of Thermal Energy.
Convection Zone is the below of Solar Photosphere.
Energy Source is the lies in of Convection Zone.
Photosphere is the creates of Magnetic Disturbances.
Photosphere is the perturbation generates of Magnetic Flux Concentrations.
Granulation is the generates of Mhd Waves.
Magnetic Fields is the dissipate energy in of Mhd Waves.
Magnetic Fields is the dissipate energy in of Chromosphere.
Magnetic Fields is the dissipate energy in of Corona.
Magnetic Fields is the interaction with convective swells of Magnetic Disturbances.
Magnetic Fields interlocks Coronal Field.
Coronal Field is the radial alignment of of Fields.
Flares estimates Energy.
Flares is the total energy of Energy.
Coronal Structures is the positive and negative of Oscillations.
Observatory bes Lyot.
Lyot is the with of Cameras.
Lyot is the with of Electronics.
Lyot is the between of Optical System.
Occulting Disk orients Mirror.
Mirror is the transmits light to of Optical Axis.
Solar Disk is the through of Grating.
Grating bes Lens.
Lens is the obscures to of Diaphragm.
Field Lens connects Cctv Cameras.
Cctv Cameras uses Optomechanical Interface.
Optical System is the serves as of Optical Frame.
Optical System is the consists of of Fiber Optic Cables.
Fiber Optic Cables carrys Filter.
Filter reflects Mirror.
Mirror is the passes through of Lens.
Lens is the passes through of Filter.
Filter reflects Mirror.
Mirror reflects Lens.
Lens reflects Filter.
Filter reflects Beam Splitter.
Beam Splitter is the transmits to of Channels.
Beam Splitter reflects Channels.
Channels is the illumination of of Filter.
Optical System is the serves as of Dome-Shaped Black Aluminum Box.
Dome-Shaped Black Aluminum Box is the for of Optical Components.
Trigger Pulse presss Cameras.
Cameras is the capture at of Image.
Cameras is the at precise of Interval.
Cameras is the driven at up to of Frames Per Second.
Cameras is the operate in of Electronics.
Cameras captures Data.
Data is the on of Personal Computer.
Personal Computer is the captures of Data.
Data is the captures of Digital Video Streams.
Digital Video Streams is the captures and retains of Computer.
Secis uses Spectral Observation.
Solar Flare is the observation over of Profile.
Profile is the at of H–=.
Profile is the at 656 of Nm.
Profile is the in model of of Multi-Channel Dissipative Double Pass Spectrograph.
Coronagraph is the with of Topo.
Coronagraph is the of of Telescope.
Telescope tests Filters.
Filters compares Performance.
Filters measures Passbands.
Passband tunes Filter.
Passband is the proportional to of Wavelength.
Passband is the by of Passband Width.
Coronagraph bes Stable.
Filters heats Temperature.
Coronal Loops is the above of Solar Limb.
Coronal Loops is the under of Coronal Sky.
Coronal Sky is the by of Light Scattering.
Light Scattering is the of of Earth'S Atmosphere.
Sensing Instrument instals Lomnicky Mountain Observatory.
Data is the may yield understanding of of Mhd Waves.
Mhd Waves is the originate and dissipate in of Corona.
Mhd Waves involves Signatures.
Mhd Waves is the of of Cooling.
Observations is the improvement in knowledge of of Solar Physics.
J. A. supports Slovak Research And Development Department.
J. R. supports Slovak Research And Development Department.
J. A. is the owes support of of Astronomical Institute.
J. R. is the owes support of of Astronomical Institute.
K. Mank is the assistant of of Astronomical Institute.
R. Maura is the assistant of of Astronomical Institute.
P. is the assistant of of Astronomical Institute.