Photonic Crystal Fibers is the describes of Maxwell'S Equations.
Photonic Crystal Fibers is the utilizes of Plane-Wave-Expansion Method.
Plane-Wave-Expansion Method is the employs of Periodic Boundary Conditions.
Plane-Wave-Expansion Method is the employs of Multipole Method.
Multipole Method takes Guided Modes.
Multipole Method takes Circular Shape Of Air-Holes.
Dielectric Cross Section is the not associated with of Rotational Symmetry.
Photonic Crystal Fibers is the covers of Relative Air Holes.
Photonic Crystal Fibers is the covers of Normalized Wavelengths.
Photonic Crystal Fibers is the consists of of Single-Mode Fibers.
Photonic Crystal Fibers is the consists of of Multi-Mode Fibers.
Multi-Mode Fibers haves Large Mode Area.
Photonic Crystal Fibers is the consists of of Non-Linear Fibers.
Plane-Wave-Expansion Method is the utilizes of Chiral Mechanism.
Higher-Order Mode Boundary associates Fundamental Space-Filling Mode (Fsm).
Spectrum Of Modes is the cross-section of of Fundamental Space-Filling Mode (Fsm).
Infinite Periodic Structure is the cross-section of of Fundamental Space-Filling Mode (Fsm).
Higher-Order Mode Boundary is the same as of Single-Mode Boundary.
Structural Relationship is the unique of Fundamental Space-Filling Mode (Fsm).
Slip is the worse than of Error.
Loss Due To Longitudinal Non-Uniformity is the increases with of Scattering Loss.
Loss Due To Longitudinal Non-Uniformity is the due to of Scattering Loss.
Scattering Loss bes Leakage-Loss.
Photonic Crystal Fibers limits Cladding Structure.
Non-Linear Fibers is the advisable to run at of Leakage-Loss.
Practical Regime restricts Low-Light Side.
Numerical Method uses Structural Parameters.
Photonic Crystal Fibers is the dealt with of Endlessly Single (Esm) Pcf.
Endlessly Single (Esm) Pcf is the considers of Two Degenerate Polarization States.
Endlessly Single (Esm) Pcf is the considers of Fundamental Mode.
Endlessly Single (Esm) Pcf is the dealt with of Modes-Radius-Esm.
Endlessly Single (Esm) Pcf is the dealt with of Mode-Spacing.
Fundamental Mode is the bound by of Esm-Crime.
Fundamental Mode derives Esm-Crime.