Scalar Particle haves Mass.
Scalar Particle haves Gev.
Scalar Particle haves Atlas.
Scalar Particle haves Vti.
Scalar Particle originates Lhc.
Scalar Particle haves Higgs-Body.
Scalar Particle haves Standard Model.
Standard Model haves Landau Pole.
Landau Pole bes Quantum Gravity.
Quantum Gravity bes Vacuum.
Vacuum haves Universe.
Standard Model haves Neutrino Masses.
Standard Model haves Matter.
Standard Model haves Antimatter.
Standard Model haves Dark Matter.
Standard Model is the sensitive to of Hnls.
Hnls is the sensitive to of Weakly Interacting Exotic Particles.
Hnls is the sensitive to of Decay.
Type-Ii Seesaw Models haves Fermion Sector.
Fermion Sector is the similar to of Leptons.
Leptons is the similar to of Quark Sector.
Type-Ii Seesaw Models is the originates from of Baryon Asymmetry.
Baryon Asymmetry gives Cp-Rebounding Decays.
Cp-Rebounding Decays gives Lepton Asymmetry.
Cp-Rebounding Decays gives Sphalerons.
Standard Model haves Low-Energy Supersymmetry.
Standard Model haves Hierarchy Problem.
Gev Hnls haves Hierarchy Problem.
Gev Hnls haves Baryogenesis.
Baryogenesis is the originates from of Baryon Asymmetry.
Baryon Asymmetry is the originates from of Neutrinos.
Neutrinos is the mix with of Muons.
Muons is the enables of Electroweak.
Neutrinos is the produce of Fissions.
Fissions is the below of Branching Fractions.
Experiment is the below of Branching Fractions.
Experiment obtains Sensitivity.
Experiment obtains Flexibility.
Experiment is the employ of Proton.
Proton is the produce of Charms.
Experiment is the produce of Neutrinos.
Neutrinos is the suppress of Muon Shield.
Muon Shield is the accommodate of Detector.
Detector is the use of Interaction Length.
Detector is the suppress of Secondary Pions.
Detector is the suppress of Kaons.
Secondary Pions is the cause of Thermal Shock.
Neutrinos haves Transverse Momentum.
Transverse Momentum is the not required of Spot.
Spot is the build of Concrete Shield Wall.
Concrete Shield Wall is the stop of Pions.
Concrete Shield Wall is the stop of Kaons.
Pions is the produce of Muons.
Muons is the produce of Meson Resonances.
Meson Resonances is the produce of Charged Pions.
Meson Resonances is the produce of Charged Kaons.
Charged Pions is the compute of Muon Flux.
Muon Flux is the compute of Hadrons.
Hadrons is the compute of Lab Momentum.
Hadrons is the compute of Rest Mass.
Hadrons is the compute of Lifetime.
Lifetime is the compute of Decay Time.
Decay Time is the build of Vapor Wall.
Vapor Wall is the build of Shielding.
Shielding is the surround of Spectrometer.
Spectrometer is the construct of Beam Line.
Beam Line allows Detector.
Cern is the activate of Air.
Air is the construct of Water Activation.
Cern locates North.
North is the branch from of Tube.
Tube is the arrange of Lead Beam.
Lead Beam is the contain of Target Bunker.
Target Bunker minimizes Excavation.
Target Bunker is the design of Detector.
Detector is the compose of Cylindrical Vacuum Vessel.
Decay Chamber is the measurement of Pressure.
Pressure is the placement of Microwave Calorimeter.
Microwave Calorimeter is the reconstruction of Leptones.
Calorimeter is the length of Muon Detector.
Magnetic Spectrometer is the composition of Dipole Magnet.
Dipole Magnet is the position of Control Layers.
Neutrinos is the interaction of Air.
Air is the measurement of Pressure.
Field Integral is the increment of Wave-Field.
Angular Momentum is the distribution of Decay Products.
X-Ray Scyer is the composition of Iron.
Iron is the composition of Coils.
Muons is the measurement of Momenta.
Elec-Probe-Facility-Parity is the effect of Energy.
Shashlik Technology is the requirement of Time Resolution.
Data-Slices is the transfer of Farm.
Neutrino Generations couples Hnls.
Ip is the exclusion of Background.
Muon Shield is the identification of Neutrino Interactions.
Mass is the measurement of Signal.
Signal is the average of Mass.
Signal is the prediction of Events.
Area is the limit of Xmath142.
Xmath142 is the comparison of Charm Experiment.
Xmath142 is the limit of Xmath41.
Xmath142 is the limit of Xmath145.
Xmath146 is the limit of Xmath41.
Xmath146 is the limit of Xmath147.
Hnls is the observation of Mass.
Mass is the assumption of Xmath155.
Xmath155 is the observation of Xmath156.
Xmath155 is the observation of Xmath157.
Xmath155 is the observation of Xmath158.
Xmath155 is the observation of Xmath160.
Xmath155 is the observation of Xmath165.
Xmath155 is the calculation of Xmath152.
Galaxy is the consideration of Xmath161.
Galaxy is the consideration of Xmath162_Gev.
Xmath161 is the expectation of Xmath164.
Electromagnetic Calorimeter is the reconstruction of Decay Modes.
Decay Modes is the composition of Neutral Pion.
Neutral Pion is the enhancement of Signal.
Hnl Lifetime is the factor of Xmath142.
Electrons Channel is the investigation of Yields.
Yields is the exploration of Parameters.
Mass is the discovery of Xmath146.
Mass is the discovery of Xmath140.
Fixed Target Experiments is the performance of Fermilab.
Fixed Target Experiments is the performance of Kek Beams.
Beams is the interaction of Protons.
Protons is the comparison of Cross Section.
Cross Section is the comparison of Charm Cross Section.
Adaptation is the modification of Magnet.
New Particles is the limit of Fermi Scale.
Dark Matter is the comparison of Lhc Experiment.
Dark Matter is the comparison of Experiments.
Results is the relevance of Cosmological Data.
Results is the relevance of Astronomical Data.
Discovery is the significance of Dark Matter.
Discovery is the significance of Dark Matter.
Three-Dimensional Drawing is the representation of Experiment.
Modification is the adjustment of Magnet.
European Strategy Committee is the acknowledgment of Authors.
Authors is the acknowledgment of Collaboration.