Dna is the research of Charge Migration.
Dna is the structure of Nucleotides.
Dna is the structure of Environment.
Charge Migration is the transfer mechanism of Superexchange.
Charge Migration is the transfer mechanism of Incoherent Hopping.
Nucleotides is the composition of Nucleobases.
Nucleobases is the contribution of Charge Distribution.
Nucleobases is the contribution of Inner-Sphere Reorganization Energy.
Electronic Coupling is the calculation of Nucleobases.
Electron is the component of Donor-Acceptor Matrix Element.
Electron is the component of Franck-Condon Factor.
Quantum Chemistry is the tool of Jaguar 6.
Electron Transfer Coefficient is the indication of Dna.
Electro-Mechanical Connection is the connection of Sequence Number.
Sequence Number is the calculation of Rhf/6-31.
Rhf/6-31 is the requirement of Basis.
Circuit is the influence of Electro-Mechanical Connection.
Dna is the interaction of Solvent Environment.
Solvent Environment is the inclusion of Outer-Sphere Reorganization Energy.
Acceptor is the contribution of Inner-Sphere Reorganization Energy.
Acceptor is the influence of Bridge Geometry.
Reorganization Energy is the calculation of Neutral Geometry.
Reorganization Energy is the calculation of Hole-Doer.
Reorganization Energy is the calculation of Hole-Acceptor.
Vibronic Interaction is the effect of Charge.
Vibronic Interaction is the effect of Energy.
Free Energy is the calculation of Reaction.
Reaction is the calculation of Reorganization Energy.
Hf Method is the presentation of Table.
Dft Theory is the calculation of Vertical Ionization Potential.
Vertical Ionization Potential is the comparison of Becked-P86 Method.
Highest Occupied Base Orbital is the presentation of Table.
Oligomers is the composition of Pyrimidine.
Oligomers is the composition of Purine.
Pyrimidine is the relationship of Interstrand Coupling.
Purine is the relationship of Interstrand Coupling.
A-T is the dependency of Electric Potential.
G-C is the dependency of Electric Potential.
A-T is the contribution of Geometry.
A-T is the contribution of Deformation.
A-T is the acknowledgement of Authors.
Authors is the acknowledgement of Dr. E. B. Starikov.
Authors is the acknowledgement of K.B. Beckman.
Authors is the acknowledgement of B.N. Ames.
Authors is the acknowledgement of H.E. Poulsen.
Authors is the acknowledgement of A.P. Grollman.
Authors is the acknowledgement of M. Moriya.
Authors is the acknowledgement of A.M. Taniguchi.
Authors is the acknowledgement of T. Kawai.
Authors is the acknowledgement of C. Wan.
Authors is the acknowledgement of T. Fiebig.
Authors is the acknowledgement of S.O..
Authors is the acknowledgement of M. Apalkov.
Authors is the acknowledgement of T. Chakraborty.
Authors is the acknowledgement of B.B. Schuster.
Authors is the acknowledgement of A. Harriman.
Authors is the acknowledgement of A Ne.
Authors is the acknowledgement of Ed. Hush.
Authors is the acknowledgement of A. Cheung.
Authors is the acknowledgement of O. Rasmussen.
Authors is the acknowledgement of A.R. Bishop.