Xcite is the explains of Tensor Product.
Xcite is the focuses on of Category.
Xcite is the studies of Algebra.
Xcite is the utilizes of Monad.
Xcite is the relates to of Graph.
Xcite is the associates with of Multitensor.
Xcite is the employs of Functor.
Xcite is the discusses of Monoidal Category.
Xcite is the applies to of Operad.
Xcite is the defines of Topological Space.
Xcite is the considers of Path.
Category is the enriches of Graph.
Category is the constructs of Monad.
Category is the defines properties for of Monad.
Category is the considers of Monad.
Category is the lifts to of Monad.
Category is the associates with of Multitensor.
Category is the associates with of Multitensor.
Category is the associates with of Multitensor.
Category is the associates with of Multitensor.
Category is the associates with of Multitensor.
Category is the associates with of Multitensor.
Category is the associates with of Multitensor.
Category is the associates with of Multitensor.
Category is the associates with of Multitensor.
Category represents Functor.
Category is the uses in of Functor.
Category is the applies to of Functor.
Category is the enables of Functor.
Category is the reformulates as of Functor.
Category is the organizes of Functor.
Category is the computes of Functor.
Category is the relates to of Natural Transformation.
Category is the contains of 2-Category.
Category haves Initial Object.
Category is the defines of Hom.
Category haves Adjoint.
Theorem relates Mathematics.
Functor relates Category.
Monad relates Category.
Multitensor relates Category.
Coproduct relates Category.
Adjunction relates Category.
Limit relates Category.
Sketch relates Category.
Topos relates Category.
Operad relates Category.
Space relates Category.
Generator relates Category.
Cardinal relates Category.
Categories is the construction of Globular Sets.
Categories is the definition of Presheaves.
Monad is the preserves of Limits.
Monad is the preserves of Coproducts.
Functor applys Monad.
Xmath1225 follows Xmath1223.
Xmath1223 is the defines of Xmath1227.
Xmath1227 is the defines of Xmath1232.
Xmath1227 is the defines of Xmath1233.
Xmath1234 is the induces of Xmath1235.
Xmath1194 is the colimit of Xmath1237.