Adaptive Control is the technique of Recursive Parameter Estimation.
Recursive Parameter Estimation is the adjustment of Vector.
Vector is the consists of of Matrix.
Matrix is the consists of of Unknown Parameters.
Unknown Parameters is the adjustment of Regressor.
Regressor is the adjustment of Measurement Error Signal.
Enhanced is the means of Estimation Error.
Estimation Error is the reason of General Optimization.
General Optimization is the method of Symmetrical Gain Matrix.
Symmetrical Gain Matrix is the method of Normalized.
Normalized is the controversial of Merits.
Enhanced is the define of Differential Equations.
Differential Equations reduces Time Derivatives.
Time Derivatives reduces Enhanced.
Enhanced is the due to of Error.
Error defines Interval.
Formula is the if of Implementable.
Implementable is the absent of Measurement Error.
Measurement Error appears Unknown Variable.
Unknown Variable is the with of Scalar Product.
Implication is the evaluate of Modified Error.
Modified Error is the evaluate of Stability.
Stability is the evaluate of Detectable Adaptive System.
Detectable Adaptive System is the evaluate of Tunable Adaptive System.
Tunable Adaptive System sees Xcite.
Measurement Error assumes Modification.
Modification is the with of White Noise.
White Noise is the with of Zero Average.
Zero Average gives Covariance.
Covariance gives Data.
Data considers Effect.
Effect considers Expected Value.
Expected Value considers Covariance.
Covariance considers Value.
Accelerometer is the results in of Differential Equation.
Accelerometer applys Telemeter.
Telemeter is the results in of Differential Equation.
Differential Equation is the remains close to of Covariance.
Covariance is the of of Product.
Product is the by itself of Error.
Accelerated Tuner compares Gradient Tuner.
Accelerated Tuner compares Normalized Gradient Tuner.
Least Conservative Estimate keeps Value.
Value is the select of Bar M.
Bar M is the with of Phi.
Phi is the of of R.
R is the deterministic of Series.
Accelerated Tuner is the study of Properties.
Properties is the relation to of Persistence Of Excitation.
Persistence Of Excitation is the in presence of of Simulations.
Simulations is the in presence of of Measurement Noise.