Double-Confluent Heun Equations is the describes of Monodromy Eigenfunctions.
Double-Confluent Heun Equations is the describes of Eigenvalues.
Double-Confluent Heun Equations relates Non-Linear Equations.
Non-Linear Equations is the models of Josephson Effect.
Applications motivates Eigenfunctions.
Applications motivates Eigenvalues.
Existence relates Uniqueness.
Section 1 is the describes of Noncom.
Section 4 is the describes of Noncom.
Section 5 bases Recurrence Relations.
Xmath17 is the describes of Double-Confluent Heun Equations.
Xmath17 is the describes of Holomorphic Functions.
Xmath17 is the describes of Laurent Coefficients.
Subsection 1 is the describes of Noncom.
Subsection 2 is the describes of Noncom.
Subsection 2 bases Hyperbolic Concepts.
Subsection 2 bases Optimal Mapping.
Equation (Heun) is the describes of Monodromous Eigenfunction.
Equation (Heun) is the describes of Eigenvalue.
Monodromous Eigenfunction relates Eigenvalue.
Monodromous Eigenfunction is the implies of Corollary.
Explicit Formulas is the describes of Xmath29.
Explicit Formulas is the describes of Xmath33.
Explicit Formulas is the describes of Equation (Schivka).
Equation (Schivka) is the describes of Xmath43.
Xmath43 relates Xi.
Xmath43 is the implies of Solution.
Xmath43 relates Xmath35.
V. M.Buchstaber is the collaborates of S. I. Tertychnyi.
V. M.Buchstaber is the studies at of Xcite.
S. I. Tertychnyi is the studies at of Xcite.
Buchstaber And Tertychnyi is the develops of Symmetries.
Buchstaber And Tertychnyi is the conjectures of Functional Equations.
Buchstaber And Tertychnyi is the conjectures of Adjacencies.
Buchstaber And Tertychnyi is the conjectures of Heun2.
Buchstaber And Tertychnyi is the conjectures of Polynomial Solution.
Buchstaber And Tertychnyi is the conjectures of Integers.
Buchstaber And Tertychnyi is the studies at of Xcite.
Buchstaber And Tertychnyi is the conjectures of Functional Equation.
Buchstaber And Tertychnyi is the conjectures of Adjacency.
Buchstaber And Tertychnyi is the studies at of Manuscript.
Buchstaber And Tertychnyi is the conjectures of Recursive Detours.
Infinity is the exists for of Initial Condition.
Initial Condition is the leads to of Sequence.
Sequence relates Values.
Sequence is the satisfies of Recurrence Relations.
Sequence bases Remark.
Metric Spaces is the contains of Dynamical System.
Dynamical System is the contains of Invariant Stable Manifold.
Dynamical System is the contains of Unstable Manifold.
Classical Hadamard Perron Theorem is the analogous to of Unstable Manifold.
Projectivised Inverse Recursion is the corresponds to of Circular Rotation.
Circular Rotation is the corresponds to of Taylor Series.
Metric is the implies of Fixed Point.
Fixed Point is the exists in of Subspace.
Subspace is the contains of Complete Subspace.
Complete Subspace is the contains of Invariant Metric Subspace.
Asymptotics is the together imply of Formula.
Formula is the determines of Normalizing Constants.
Convergence is the implies of Operator Norm.
Closed Disk equips Euclidean Distance.
Euclidean Distance is the implies of Perfect Coordinate System.
Perfect Coordinate System is the describes of Explicit Formulas.
Explicit Formulas is the solves of Equalities.
Equalities relates Series.
Series is the converges to of Rank 1 Matrix.
Parameters is the depend on of Lemma [Lemkp].
Operators is the depend on of Holomorphically.
Holomorphically is the uniform on of Compact Sets.
Compact Sets is the converges to of Limit.
Limit is the disappears of Right Column.
Limit is the converges in of Xmath 319.
Xmath321 is the for all of Xmath64.
Xmath321 is the rank 1 for all of Limit Matrix.
Xmath321 is the for all of Xmath64.
Xmath321 is the rank 1 for all of Limit Matrix.
Xmath is the satisfies of Heun.
Xmath is the leadsto of B.
Heun is the hassolution of Xmath618.
Heun is the hasmonodromyoperator of Xmath627.
Xmath is the calculatesconditions of Xmath635.
Xmath is the definescoefficients of Xmath57.
Xmath is the definescoefficients of Xmath75.
Xmath is the definedby of Ak.
Xmath is the definedby of Conv.
Conv is the generalfactor of Xmath15.
Heun is the notjordancelltype of Xmath663.
Xmath is the eigenvalue of Xmath640.
Xmath is the satisfies of Xmath427.
Xmath is the satisfies of Xmath428.
Xmath is the satisfies of Xmath641.
Xmath is the proves of Xmath715.
Xmath is the proves of Xmath121.
Xmath is the proves of Xmath516.
Xmath is the proves of Xmath578.
Xmath is the proves of Xmath659.
Xmath is the proves of Xmath714.
Xmath is the proves of Xmath107.
Xmath is the satisfies of Xmath180.
Xmath is the satisfies of R0Eql.
Xmath is the satisfies of R1Eql.
Xmath is the satisfies of Xmath566.
Xmath is the satisfies of Xmath650.
Xmath is the satisfies of Xmath106.
Xmath is the satisfies of Xmath707.
Xmath is the satisfies of Xmath703.
Heun is the associatedequation of Heun2.
Xmath is the hasrotationnumber of Xmath142.
Xmath gives Xmath658.
Xmath gives Xmath516.
Xmath is the haseigenvalues of Xmath666.
Xmath is the satisfies of Xmath133.
Xmath is the hasrotationnumber of Xmath667.
Xmath is the satisfies of Xmath668.
Xmath is the satisfies of Xmath692.
Xmath is the satisfies of Xmath696.
Xmath is the satisfies of Xmath180.
Xmath is the satisfies of Xmath738.
Xmath is the satisfies of Xmath717.
Xmath is the satisfies of Xmath736.