Xcite introduces Propositional-Logical.
Xcite is the proves of Eleven Equational Axioms.
Xcite is the dependent upon of Constants Xmath8.
Xcite is the dependent upon of Constants Xmath9.
Xcite is the dependent upon of Truth Values Xmath10.
Xcite is the dependent upon of Truth Values 11.
Xcite is the common expression of Xmath4.
Xcite is the necessary for reasoning of Conditional-Logical Statements.
Xcite is the necessary for reasoning of Short-Circuit Evaluation.
Xcite names Xmath13.
Xcite introduces Ternary Connective.
Xcite introduces Conditional.
Xcite is the less than of Valuation Congruence.
Xcite is the less than of Equivalence Of Hoare’S Axioms.
Xcite is the not identical to of Atomic Proposition Xmath19.
Xcite is the not identical to of Conditional Statement @Xmath20.
Xcite is the characterizes of Static Valuation Congruence.
Xcite is the characterizes of Repetition-Proof Valuation Congruence.
Xcite is the defines of Transformation Of Evaluation Trees.
Xcite is the defines of Evaluation Tree.
Xcite is the defines of Replacement Operator.
Xcite is the defines of Evaluative Of A Conditional Statement.
Xcite is the describes of Basic Semantics Of Proposition Algebra.
Xcite is the defines of Signature Xmath24.
Xcite is the defines of Signature Xmath25.
Xcite is the defines of Signature Xmath9.
Xcite is the defines of Signature Xmath10.
Xcite is the defines of Signature Xmath11.
Xcite is the defines of Signature Xmath19.
Xcite is the defines of Double Xmath29.
Xcite is the defines of Axiometically Self-Diminal Axiomatization.
Xcite is the enumerates of Variable.
Xcite is the defines of Double Axiomization Of Xmath32.
Xcite is the uses of Static Valuation Congruences.
Xcite is the defines of Transformation.
Xcite mentions Short-Circuit Logic.
Xcite mentions Side Effects.
Xcite gives Derived Function.
Xcite gives Auxiliary Function.
Xcite is the axiom of of Relation Xmath149.
Xcite is the satisfies of Instance Of The Axiom.
Xcite is the satisfies of Arbitrary Instances Of Axioms.
Xcite is the exist of Fundamental Forms.
Xcite defines Rp-Basic Forms.
Xcite is the not equal to of Central Condition.
Xcite follows Equality For Xmath7.
Xcite is the yields of Unary Unary Unary Unary Function (Rpe).
Xcite assumes Tenets.
Xcite is the proves of Final Result Of The Section.
Xcite is the transforms into of Cr-Basic Forms.
Xcite is the comparable to of Function Xmath143.
Xcite defines Binary Relation Of Xmath264 On Xmath34.
Xcite defines Unary Function (Rpe).
Xcite uses Lemma.
Xcite is the trivial of Logical Case Of Xmath212.
Xcite follows Cb-Basic Forms.
Xcite derives Xmath371.
Xcite introduces Math379.
Xcite introduces Math5.
Xcite introduces Math319.
Xcite uses Math322.
Xcite uses Math309.
Xcite uses Math305.
Xcite uses Math306.
Xcite uses Math303.
Xcite uses Math143.
Xcite uses Math367.
Xcite uses Math372.
Xcite uses Math323.
Xcite uses Math334.
Xcite uses Math390.
Xcite uses Math388.