Quantum Physics is the study of of Universal Properties.
Universal Properties characterizes Many-Body Quantum Systems.
Many-Body Quantum Systems is the exhibit of Efimov Effect.
Ultracold Properties is the well understood of Fermi Gases.
Bosonic Systems is the difficult to study of Scattering.
Experiments is the observe of Efimov Phenomena.
Efimov Phenomena is the occur in of Atmosphere.
System is the interact with of Atoms.
Atoms interacts Van Der Waals.
Van Der Waals characterizes Cluster States.
Schrdinger Equation is the solutions of of Many-Body Quantum Systems.
Hamiltonian describes Relative Motion.
Relative Motion is the behaves like of Center Of Mass.
Potential Matrix Elements is the calculate for of Pairwise Potentials.
Hyperspherical Harmonic Expansion is the convergence rate becomes slow for of Hyperradial Motion.
Two-Body Correlation decomposes Two-Body Interaction.
Two-Body Interaction reduces Active Degrees Of Freedom.
Spherical Harmonics is the subset of of Potential Harmonics.
Hyperangles corresponds Interacting Pair.
Interatomic Bonding represents Inverse Equation.
Mean-Field Theory is the reaches of Stalemate.
Negative Energy Shedding is the plot in of Two-Body Wave Function.
Two-Body Wave Function is the creates of Bound State.
Hyperradial Motion is the less pronounced than of Hyperangular Motion.
Potential Matrix is the diagonalize with of Hypercentrifugal Repulsion.
Energy obtains Wave Function.
Wave Function is the satisfies of Boundary Conditions.
Spectrum obtains Bosonic Clusters.
Radii is the determine at of Efimov States.
Efimov States is the cease to be bound of Binding.
Binding shows Relative Distance.
Exponential Coefficient is the reproduce with of Radii.
Structural Properties relates Interaction.
Clusters is the occurs at of Repulsion.
Hard Core is the smaller than of Radius.
Inverse Correlation Function is the compute for of Three-Nucleon Systems.
Four-Nucleon Systems obtains Many-Body Wave Function.
Many-Body Wave Function is the integral over of Supervolume.
Spatial Range is the infinitely large for of Energy Spectrum.
Classic Van Der Waals Potential proves Physics.