Xmath0 is the developer of Heggie.
Xmath0 adopts Von Hoerner.
Xmath0 adopts Mcmillan.
Xmath0 adopts Hut.
Xmath0 adopts Makino.
Xmath0 adopts Baumgardt.
Xmath0 adopts Giersz.
Xmath0 adopts Vesperini.
Xmath0 adopts Zonoozi.
Xmath0 adopts Aarseth.
Xmath0 adopts Maki.
Xmath0 adopts Madrid.
Xmath0 adopts Eggleton.
Xmath0 adopts Fitchett.
Xmath0 adopts Tout.
Xmath0 adopts Kroupa.
Xmath0 adopts Gilmore.
Xmath0 adopts Mateos.
Xmath0 adopts Harris.
Xmath0 adopts King.
Xmath0 adopts Baker.
Xmath0 adopts Tremaine.
Xmath0 adopts Wilkinson.
Anisotropic is the describes of Xmath92.
Tangentially Anisotropic is the describes of Xmath93.
Radially Anisotropic is the describes of Xmath94.
Inner Region is the adjacent of Outer Region.
Outer Region is the develops over of Evolutionary Period.
Baumgardt & Makino is the contrary to of Radial Axis.
Giersz & Heggie is the contrary to of Radial Axis.
Wilkinson is the contrary to of Radial Axis.
Baumgardt & Makino is the confirms of Radial Axis.
Baumgardt & Makino is the in opposition to of Tangential Axis.
Giersz & Heggie is the in opposition to of Tangential Axis.
Wilkinson is the in opposition to of Tangential Axis.
Baumgardt & Makino is the not evident of Tangential Axis.
Inner Region locates 0.8 % Lagrangian Radius.
Davis Et Al. measures Binary Fraction.
Davis Et Al. measures Half-Mass Radius.
Davis Et Al. observes Ngc.
Hurley Et Al. observes Binary Fraction.
Hurley Et Al. increases Core.
Hurley Et Al. is the occurs during of Core Collapse.
Hurley Et Al. is the remains near of Total Binary Fraction.
Hurley Et Al. incorporates Wide Binaries.
Davis Et Al. is the representative of of Binary Fraction.
Hurley Et Al. is the good to identify of Binary Fraction.
Hurley Et Al. is the greater than of Binary Fraction.
Energy Per Binary is the increases towards of Center.
Energy Per Binary is the converges towards of 1 - 10 % Region.
Energy Per Binary is the converges towards of 1 - 50 % Region.
Energy Per Binary is the increases towards of Inner 1 % Region.
Energy Per Binary is the converges towards of 1 - 10 % Region.
Energy Per Binary is the converges towards of 1 - 50 % Region.
Bh-Binary is the influences of Energy Per Binary.
Bh-Binary is the increases concentration in of Center.
Primordial Binary is the induces evolution in of 50 - 100 % Lagrangian Region.
Primordial Binary is the not evident in of 70 - 100 % Lagrangian Region.
Primordial Binary is the increases energy per binary in of Energy Per Binary.
Primordial Binary is the tidally disrupts and swallows up of Star.
Star swallows Black Hole.
Star remains Brightest Stars.
Core Collapse calculates Xmath105.
Core-Compression Time compares Xmath-106.
Relaxation Time compares Xmath-106.
Body Models scales Xmath112.
Body Models is the appropriate scale for of Xmath110.
K200 is the fills of Tidal Radius.
K200 is the agrees with of Xmath110.
K100 is the fills of Tidal Radius.
K100 is the agrees with of Xmath110.
Stars forms Average Stars.
Xmath0 is the reaches deeper depth in of Sphere Radius.