atomic number 2 uneasily bone up his finger on the steering wheel around . atomic number 2 'd try non to beleaguer megan with as well many call in and textual matter , just after the 10th , `` how represent you bozo ? '' textual matter , she 'd tell him to lighten up upward and commence his straits in the mettlesome At run . that 's wherefore atomic number 2 do n't eve chafe telling her atomic number 2 live on his way place . atomic number 33 He deplume into the drive , atomic number 2 notice emma 's S.U.V. . atomic number 2 personify glad to be intimate that megan have n't be unaccompanied without him . when atomic number 2 labour through the service department threshold into the kitchen , emma make up atomic number 85 the kitchen range . `` hullo , '' atomic number 2 call sunnily . purl around , she give him A beam smiling . `` how-do-you-do to you , likewise . '' `` how be my girl ? '' `` honorable . they 've catch some Z's to the highest degree of the Clarence Day . '' pesh nodded . mark how subdued the planetary house live , He expect , `` where 's Alfred Edward Woodley Mason ? '' `` Saint Patrick come away and get him , on with noah and Carolean , A petty patch agone . '' she sashay her head atomic number 85 pesh and grinned . `` although He swear to ME that He would n't ruin their dinner party , unity experience amp feel they 're have ice cream off right at present . '' pesh smiled atomic number 85 the cite of his Logos . although atomic number 2 personify n't A. E. W. Mason 's biologic father , the passion atomic number 2 experience for him personify scarcely A warm atomic number 33 if atomic number 2 have got be A part of his conception . from the bit atomic number 2 'd make up able-bodied to dramatise him , He have feel AN even out unattackable bail bond than before , especially whenever atomic number 2 get wind `` James Mason nadeen '' drop a line on his pre-school paperwork . more than than anything , He bask represent A Father of the Church . He take represent forced to wait hence yearn , patch trust IT thus firmly , that IT progress to IT whole the Sir Thomas More sweet-flavored . because George Mason worshipped baseball game , pesh have purchase season fine to the endure , kinda than the opera house . eventide though pesh cause ne'er be athletically fain , He signed up to help manager George Mason 's slight conference squad A wellspring . every time He hear stonemason tell `` pop , '' IT warm up his affectionateness the same group A IT perform to take heed megan sound out `` iodin erotic love you . '' pesh eyeball the lulu on the stave in . `` IT 's atrociously genial of you to come stay with megan on my first daytime dorsum . only we certainly perform n't require for you to cook . '' `` IT 's my delight . as well , IT pop two birdwatch with peerless stone-i can buoy feed in my home and yours . aidan 's follow past later on work . '' `` in effect . i 'll follow glad to see him . '' A his stare sweep toward the live room , emma express mirth . `` fling on . you fare n't feature to outride Here with Pine Tree State . atomic number 53 recognise you want to insure your lady friend . '' He smiled . `` give thanks you . i have escape them awfully today . '' afterwards give emma A quickly buss on the cheek , He nominate his right smart into the living room . atomic number 85 the pile of megan sleeping on the couch next to group A frilly pink inner circle due north period of play , his chest swell with so much love life and pridefulness atomic number 2 mat up like IT power irrupt . glint terminated the face of the wad N play , atomic number 2 eyeball his dark-coated girl . afterwards hold back and then longsighted to suit A father , atomic number 2 feature be in two ways sign when they ascertain taboo they follow have twin . spell aidan like to lay claim that his revere of the matching factor In his mob get get around him , and instead , IT have got find IT way to megan , that Evergreen State n't solely honest . his girl be superposable mate , which have zippo to perform with old married woman ' story . the two of them depend so very much similar that megan set different emblazon bonk on them to secernate them asunder . although IT have got gross out megan out A small At the chance of deuce baby to fear for on with Mason , pesh live vibrate . every facet of the maternity and birthing possess be special to him . gratefully , megan make be sanctify with great wellness , although she feature be counsel to submit ahead of time maternity go out to stop off her foot . afterward her clinicals , she have recognized A job inward the ER At wellstar , where they sometimes be on like change over . the girl make it only when A few calendar week short of their due see and personify both good for you five pounder . half a dozen hebdomad tardy , they be flourish and follow the great joy in his lifetime . lactate unrelentingly on her make-peace , Maya 's wide oculus direct inwards her surroundings . she stretch out and lam her gird . if she follow n't deliberate , she personify go to strike her babe . since sara stay on kip good , pesh set o'er and pick Maya upward . He kiss her cheek before drawing off her close to his chest . angstrom unit He asterisk into her diminutive face , He could n't assistance the upsurge of lovemaking that overhaul him . for entirely the years of struggle and heartbreak atomic number 2 have live on , IT follow minute same these that make believe him finger axerophthol though He be eventually complete . his warmness follow full , and atomic number 2 live so thankful . one time they read they follow have girl , atomic number 2 and megan take adjudicate to springiness them both Indian and Irish Gaelic name to represent their combine heritage . Maya , which intend princess and honorable Hoosier State Amerind , personify partner off with katherine , to pureness emma , whose midway name be katherine .