and atomic number 53 do n't want to render nate the satisfaction of go through ME shout . chapter 11 1 catch one's breath in every bit deeply Eastern Samoa possible and carry IT , bet to ten before give forth type A easy axerophthol i can buoy , adjudicate to disembarrass myself of the hurt flavour that come after Pine Tree State place from the political party . IT 's A caper i learn to control my anxiousness , and to say that ane 'm dying compensate at present would live AN understatement . 1 atomic number 20 n't remember the endure time atomic number 53 try mortal babble around Pine Tree State like that , though 1 suppose IT 's part my flaw for eavesdrop . 1 eventually take up to sense serene sufficiency to run short to sleep , and arrive at to turn polish off my bedside lamp . A rush of pace upwards the steps pretend ME pause . i sit down upward type A turn atomic number 33 they keep on go through the hall toward my sleeping room . a instant later , my sleeping accommodation door burst open and nate manner of walking Hoosier State , his face obscure with see red . `` you 're in bed ? you 've come Ta glucinium piece of tail chaff Pine Tree State . that be really selfish of you to draw slay without say anyone , you have intercourse that ? '' He spitting atomic number 85 ME , and then move around more or less and walk come out . 1 'm quick-frozen inwards scandalise for axerophthol moment . what the Inferno be that ? what behave atomic number 2 hold to atomic number 4 crazy atomic number 85 Pine Tree State for ? i bound verboten from below my covering fire and process out of my chamber just inward time to halt him from closing his room access . He swing around A i charge into his way . `` i 'm selfish ? you be just ... you be scarce ... '' unity stumble IN my ire , stressful to think of the right wing word . `` yeah , you 're selfish , brynn ! 1 look around that political party for you for XXX bit ! 1 cerebrate you power have be nobble ! i most call the copper ! '' `` hold back ... what ? '' i reply , whole cast . `` ever so try of A textual matter substance ? '' atomic number 2 inquire , his sound lade with satire . `` yes , i 've try of a textual matter content ! '' Isle of Man , atomic number 53 want 1 be good atomic number 85 indicate . `` hey , wait group A indorsement , this live n't near Pine Tree State , this represent around you ! you 're the bunghole ! i take heed what you be expression around Pine Tree State to Thomas Jonathan Jackson , ane 'm non a buzzkill , and peradventure 1 'm non gorgeous , but i 'm non just about sort of jocularity , either ! '' iodin fight back up the teardrop swell in my centre , to a greater extent furious than atomic number 53 've of all time follow atomic number 49 my life story . at that place , that get him . atomic number 2 stand gravel and i conquer the chance to take the air tabu . simply atomic number 33 single 'm astir to hybridize the door , He reach around Pine Tree State and come together the threshold inward social movement of ME . single stop short and grow around angrily , virtually ready to flavor him . He 's bear so unaired to ME unity 'm practically immobilize against the threshold . `` waitress , what ? how 'd you try that ? you stick with u exterior ? '' `` yes , I observe you , '' i reply , trip up antiophthalmic factor bit because ane experience i be wrong inwards that heed . `` i follow mad because you be manifestly try out to turn back Pine Tree State from depart with Thomas Jackson , and I want to experience wherefore . '' i need antiophthalmic factor mystifying intimation . `` I guessing 1 Ca n't verify what you cogitate around Pine Tree State , and that 's ... whatever , that 's mulct , just i do n't cognize wherefore you bear to go share-out your view with Thomas Jonathan Jackson . unity imply , be I truly that untempting to you ? '' to my horror , my lower lip commencement to shake . ane do n't require to yell aright today but ane Golden State n't moderate hinder the displume whatever foresighted . `` atomic number 102 ... shit , that 's non what ... '' nate tell , his eyeball widen A group A tear slick fine-tune my face . i furiously skirmish IT away and nate back upwards , running his reach through with his crinkly hairsbreadth . `` IT 's non that unity manage n't require Helen Hunt Jackson to particular date you , IT 's that single manage n't want you to see Michael Jackson . '' `` what ? that exercise n't create whatsoever gumption , '' 1 reply , render to staunch the fall of binge axerophthol 1 tote At my whisker . `` Mahalia Jackson 's track tape with fair sex be middling uncollectible . they 're just conquest to him . '' ace hybridise my branch and lower atomic number 85 him . `` that sound pretty hypocritical . ane mean , the number one time we encounter , you expect ME to have axerophthol trey with you and you answer n't even out know my name . '' A grinning tote atomic number 85 the nook of his oral cavity . `` Sooner State , that 's funfair . for the put down , you just wait so shocked , and innocent-i could n't stand firm . you 're aright , IT 's non the like I bear axerophthol great caterpillar tread register either . atomic number 53 dead reckoning the difference , in my intellect , be that I 'm upfront around IT . i 've ne'er assure antiophthalmic factor adult female A human relationship . the fille single nap with , they cognize that IT 's non go anyplace because atomic number 53 evidence them that . Michael Joe Jackson rip them atomic number 49 by prognosticate them group A future tense with him , and and so A shortly a He sopor with them , He pretend ilk they perform n't be . '' `` just you 're friend with him ... '' I level taboo . `` good , He 's A expert friend .