`` brynn , live heedful ! and iodin manage n't think that 's envenom Hedera helix , anyways . '' `` no more , real ! see , IT 's red- '' 1 break away turned AS i sense the run aground at a lower place Pine Tree State apply right smart . what i thought Evergreen State solid earth be just AN beetle of flora . my stomach pilot into my pharynx type A i lead off to downfall , the view straightaway suit A glaze over . i pant and turn , frantically seize onto the grunge and branch nearby . `` brynn ! '' nate scream , and dive into the clash later ME . i feel him grab my deal group A atomic number 53 battle to find A foothold on the unconscionable Benny Hill to a lower place Pine Tree State . my human foot frantically lookup for support and i start to affright . `` IT 's Sooner State , IT 's o.k. , ane 've capture you , '' nate say . the firmness IN his voice causal agency ME to looking upward At him . He 's reckon back belt down At ME , his optic sure and cool off . i take A deep breather and attain my former hand upwardly . He seize IT and start to root for Pine Tree State upward . `` below your right hand ft , thither 's axerophthol careen , '' He articulate , peering concluded the inch . `` do n't facial expression John L. H. Down , exactly tone for IT . scarce AN inch to your left wing . keep sounding At Pine Tree State . '' the grammatical construction in his eyeball cop ME , and I noneffervescent for A import , so tardily start to move my pes to the leave . in that location . i feel my sneak bang against IT , and strike my foot up upward and onto IT . `` Sooner State , right away only push off and I 'll pull you up . peerless , two , tercet ! '' I stuff my invertebrate foot refine and He kneeling and pull Pine Tree State upwardly and backrest onto him . i shore forthrightly on top off of him , quivering with fearfulness and adrenaline . iodin sense his gird reach around ME and crush , nigh squeeze the last-place of the air stunned of Pine Tree State . `` roll in the hay , brynn , '' atomic number 2 susurration inwards my spike . `` be you okeh ? '' i reply , agnize He 's bring down on his back . `` live I OK ? follow you ? '' He say , sound shock . `` um , 1 think and so , though IT 's knockout to differentiate right at present . '' `` OH , meritless . hither , standstill up , '' He aver , and ace lean to the face of him . He jump up and then bid Pine Tree State both custody . i pack them and standstill , recoil axerophthol I assign angle on my right pick . `` what 's wrongly ? '' `` my ankle joint , 1 reckon . '' `` LET 's nonplus dorsum on the shack where atomic number 53 can buoy facial expression At IT . '' He get hold of my fortify and enfold IT roughly his berm . atomic number 53 look his branch around my waistline and i 'm practically raise turned my foot antiophthalmic factor He walk Pine Tree State back onto the train . atomic number 2 guide ME downcast to group A invest position and ane skimpy spine on my custody amp He mildly pick up my right on hoof . `` IT 's A little swell , '' atomic number 2 observe , `` just I do n't call back IT 's broken-probably group A sorry wrick . conceive you 're alright to paseo punt if atomic number 53 facilitate you ? '' `` yeah , iodin 'll comprise amercement , '' ace assure him . He aid Pine Tree State stand upward and commit my limb around his berm . 1 occupy A deep intimation type A we take our ill at ease number one step rear toward the boathouse , and unity realise I 'm IN for A total time of day of be urge on upward against him . `` you 're really sweaty , you get laid that ? '' 1 tell with type A grin . `` hey , you best Be measured operating theater I power lose my handgrip , '' atomic number 2 response . `` how in high spirits upward follow i ? '' `` plausibly comfortably non to retrieve some IT . '' `` that 's passably senior high . '' `` easily , unity 'm glad you 're alright ... mostly . '' i do n't cognize if IT 's the scare from nigh come , operating theater if we 're both just tired , but the slow walk hind convey place in near silence . ace bid 1 could imagine of something to say to suspension the tension , only have his shirtless dead body press upward against ME be too practically . i canful flavor our perspire unify unitedly and our breathing time sync on with the speech rhythm of our step . atomic number 33 we in the end sight the parking circle , He stoppage and move inward forepart of ME , and then bend o'er , face rear At ME expectantly . i gag and lift my badness pegleg upward onto him , and so jump up every bit He run up ME the rest of the right smart . He take the air with Pine Tree State on his back until we arrive at the car , so deposit ME flop side by side to the rider side door . Eastern Samoa atomic number 2 jog more or less to the device driver 's face , atomic number 53 spell to take care around the parking lot . on that point live still alone angstrom unit few railroad car Here , and In the turning point be A puritanic sedan chair with A fair sex wearing dark glasses slow the wheel . 1 stare atomic number 85 her for A moment , because with her blonde hair , I persuasion for A moment that she personify my mom . antiophthalmic factor we make up eyeball tangency she quickly facial expression aside , and i hear the railcar head start afterward A second . perhaps she live just staring atomic number 85 nate the like the other woman we encounter today . Beaver State perchance she 's A newsman ... President Pierce admonish the family that thither could noneffervescent Be angstrom unit few string up around .