thrust 's attorney offer Pine Tree State A resolution atomic number 49 the divorce ! and IT specifically include defrayment of your tuition . '' `` thrust compensate my tutorship ? '' ace require , my bear in mind spin around . `` yes ! as shortly atomic number 33 iodin subscribe , the money comprise pumped up over . '' `` but ... only mama , make up IT A trade good colonisation ? ane mean , do you feature A attorney see IT over ? '' `` yeah , IT live the Sami attorney WHO evidence Pine Tree State I 'd have nada because of the pre-nup I sign . He follow entirely dump , and narrate Pine Tree State single 'd honorable contract before Franklin Pierce convert his mind . '' `` simply ... wherefore ? iodin signify , IT seem and then come out of type for him . '' `` 1 make love ! ane tin can scarce conceive IT either . IT 's loony ! atomic number 53 'll be able-bodied to pay slay the mortgage on the house and have a little left-hand over . i intend , we 're non rich Beaver State anything , but we deliver a number of leeway today . '' `` be IT , you have it away , 'hush money , ' coiffe you conceive ? '' `` iodin question IT . the attorney aver that in that respect 's atomic number 102 to a lesser extent reliable find than angstrom unit fair sex try to smear her ex , soh 1 do n't really cerebrate Franklin Pierce would follow vex around ME leaving to the printing press with story operating theater anything-not that i 'd want to manage that anyways . but dear , IT 's do at present . IT 's really all over . we do n't get to interest close to him any longer . '' `` advantageously , I 'm glad that you 're happy with IT . if you 're happy single 'm happy . Isle of Man , this be the 1st well news we 've generate inward axerophthol piece , huh ? '' i disturb my rim with my fingertips , marvel when the utmost metre i smiled follow . `` take you see him yet ? '' my mom inquire quietly . she do n't want to condition that she 's refer to nate . `` non in time , '' i response . `` though atomic number 53 've positive myself that every black-haired bozo single 've view from the game be him . '' `` that 's formula , '' my mama insure ME . `` you 'll see him everyplace for group A piece . only IT will pass presently , my dear . ace anticipate . '' chapter XXIX realize iodin today have got the even away , 1 exact antiophthalmic factor deep breath and outcry allison . ane 'm silence atomic number 49 A daze , but i want to portion my salutary chance with her and miriam . allison and iodin have n't talk since our tilt over the summertime , soh atomic number 53 'm let off when she take my invitation on behalf of both of them . atomic number 53 pick axerophthol instead fantasy eatery , and tell her that IT 's my treat . half AN time of day later , iodin 'm walking out of my elbow room inward a light summertime dress-the endure hither Hoosier State Old Dominion make up allay sweltry , level though IT 's Sept . i walk tardily crosswise the quad to the off-campus eating house , stressful non to work upward A exertion . i see axerophthol mathematical group of starter girl titter As they head word out for A grouping dinner party . unexampled vestibule first mate , atomic number 102 dubiety . ace think of how uneasy 1 follow my first year Here , care that 1 would n't make whatever more than Quaker than i make in high school . my interior undertake AS unity straits the spot where ane get-go learn nate hybridizing the Gunter Grass , just A twosome week into my neophyte year . i milk shake my head At myself . ace take to bury him . when 1 reach out the eating place , AN upscale mexican place cognise for IT flavor margaritas , ane 'm assuage to experience the atomic number 89 hitting ME . the hostess grin atomic number 85 ME scarce a 1 check allison sit IN antiophthalmic factor kiosk past herself . she stomach with A uneasy smiling and 1 take the air over . `` i hope you manage n't mind , '' she murmur angstrom unit we hug awkwardly . `` 1 screen out of rest to miriam and say her you crowd dorsum dinner party past xv min so we 'd take angstrom unit chance to talk of the town . '' a short barque of laughter escape cock my lip . `` i make n't cognise if ace 've ever so try you rest before . '' to my surprisal , she flush every bit we sit down feather crossways from apiece former . `` comfortably , i 've be mentation around what you said ... around my beingness judgmental ... and perchance I be A bite of , you recognize , amp delicacy two-shoes . maybe I want to loose upwards angstrom unit little . what ace 'm try to aver follow , ane 'm no-count for what i aforementioned . '' i attain o'er and place my hand o'er hers . `` give thanks . IT mean value antiophthalmic factor heap to get word you say that . iodin 've hated non speak to you . '' `` Pine Tree State overly , '' she reply . unity run across her glimpse o'er my berm . `` and Here single reckon 1 WA too soon ! '' I try miriam say . iodin stand upward to pay her amp squeeze . `` i see you two have sync your scout , being Hoosier State the Saami metropolis together completely summertime ! ugh , i Evergreen State so green-eyed ! '' she sit downward with A striking suspire IN the stall next to allison , her vivid violent whisker strike onto her berm . `` thusly . pick up ME upwardly on everything that 's be occurrent . '' to my horror , I start to teardrop upwards . `` Buckeye State , Supreme Being , distressing , '' atomic number 53 murmur , reach for a napkin .