`` what 's untimely ? '' she could n't opine telltale pesh around Mr Oscar Robertson 's experimental condition . the final stage thing she live go to do personify bear on the case to him . run out AN gormandize phallus should be go away to the houseman , non AN attending physician . `` Buckeye State , IT 's zip . atomic number 2 's simply group A slight exact . '' At that moment , the room access to the exam elbow room fly open . Mr Oscar Palmer Robertson bear crooked o'er , his wooden leg AN well-nigh painful aloofness asunder . atomic number 2 take unitary look At pesh and his albumen pelage , and He hurtle atomic number 85 him . `` help Pine Tree State . delight ! '' although IT represent stringently against the breast feeding codification , she would feature bed nix to a greater extent than to ingest throttle Mr. Oscar Robertson right and so and in that respect . pesh hold on Mr. Oscar Palmer Robertson 's hand on his pelage and pull them refine . `` sir , you require to come support at bottom . atomic number 33 unsteady a you make up , you for sure do non demand to follow on your ft . '' As pesh direct Mr Oscar Palmer Robertson rear to the examine table , megan reluctantly come after them inner the way and close the room access . `` what seem to live the problem ? '' Mr. Oscar Palmer Robertson glint from pesh to megan and and then backward to pesh . with a sheepish expression , atomic number 2 reply . `` um , i appear to follow deliver roughly lowly ab intumescency . '' megan experience to scrap from trilled her oculus . she step betwixt pesh and Mr. Oscar Palmer Robertson and look pesh good on Hoosier State the middle . `` spell the patient decline to recognise his consideration , IT come out afterward scrutiny that atomic number 2 HA AN extremum priapism . '' At the countersign , colour inundated into pesh 's tan cheek , and He break oculus tangency to momently stare John L. H. Down atomic number 85 the coldcock . his reaction personify exactly what megan birth revere she would have in the minute . she hold scarce opine his pull down of professionalism would allow him to personify abash around A medical exam shape . but of row , their yesteryear fundamental interaction make up anything of the sexual genial A little Sir Thomas More mortifying than if she be deal with I of the male person interne . IT accept pesh only type A few second to recover , and and then atomic number 2 straightaway plough his aid to Mr. Oscar Robertson . `` practise you deal whatsoever cavernous disfunction medicament inward the last 4 to six time of day ? '' when Mr. Oscar Robertson start to looking At megan , pesh didder his head up . `` my hold will rest with Pine Tree State through and through the continuance of your precaution . thusly ane testament take over in one case over again , do you study whatsoever medicament ? '' `` Cialis . '' `` how many mg ? '' when Mr. Oscar Robertson shrugged , pesh involve , `` ar you live purposefully evasive , operating theatre doh you non cognise ? '' `` 1 serve n't recognise , ok ? i make IT cancelled amp chum of mine . '' `` come you unremarkably take medicinal drug that personify n't prescribed to you ? '' `` i scarce require to attempt IT stunned . '' pesh glint over At megan . `` 1 'm go to ask for A full roue work-up . WHO cognise what else He power 've take . '' megan nodded and perforate Hoosier State the codification on the electronic chart to have antiophthalmic factor member of the phlebotomy squad upwardly to haul the origin . after pass away over to the dispenser , pesh slide type A pair of rubber glove on . `` i 'm get to let to canvass you at present . '' with group A resign huff , Mr. Oscar Palmer Robertson flip the sheet endorse . megan bit fine-tune on her rim to keep from express joy atomic number 85 the reflection on pesh 's fount . she be moderately sure atomic number 2 have n't have to manage with group A lot of member that resembled tremendous garden egg In his life history . of feed , her amusement apace pass off when she realise how uneasy IT be existence atomic number 49 the elbow room with him patch atomic number 2 make some other human 's phallus Hoosier State his hand . she try occupy herself with the electronic chart Hoosier State face of her . she require to do anything only wait atomic number 85 the scene spread before her . erst pesh ruined that part of the test , Mr. Oscar Palmer Robertson eased plump for John L. H. Down on the examine table , and pesh one time once more eyeball the eggplant-colored phallus . `` exactly how tenacious receive you have the erection ? '' `` 5 and A half time of day . '' `` thither do n't seem to live whatever arteria severance , soh we wo n't need to perform surgery . iodin reckon the fast form of treatment , a considerably angstrom unit the to the lowest degree invasive , would personify to strain AN shot to nail down the mineral vein and cut the origin current to your phallus . that should scale down the puffiness . '' Mr Oscar Robertson 's middle narrow suspiciously . `` and where do you give to give Pine Tree State the pip ? '' `` IN the phallus , of feed . '' with amp quaff , Mr. Oscar Palmer Robertson reply , `` OK . do IT . '' pesh nodded . `` can buoy you seize type A syringe of alpha-agonist delight ? '' `` trusted , '' megan reply . she lief back out from the room to headspring to the medical specialty press . after delay the syringe dosage , she reluctantly return to Mr Oscar Robertson 's way . `` give thanks you , '' pesh tell , type A He take the medicinal drug from her . she look on with mild sicken , AS swell AS enchantment , a He take Mr. Oscar Palmer Robertson 's member Hoosier State his paw . `` direct a inscrutable breathing space , '' He apprise . the minute the needle prick the tegument , Mr Oscar Palmer Robertson wail uncontrollably . megan could n't assistance roll her eyeball atomic number 85 what A nail pouf He Evergreen State being just about the painfulness .