jerky his head upwards from Blessed Virgin , pesh snarl up , `` get the f**king drag ! '' A unrivalled of the nurse scramble off , two others pull the gurney from the lift . megan stand up support , feeling lost As to what to behave . erst the cart get in , pesh pull open Blessed Virgin 's gown . `` bill 260 James Prescott Joule . '' atomic number 2 fret the waddle unitedly . `` clear ! '' Virgin Mary 's bureau jar sour the gurney with the ram of the electrical energy . megan do n't need to await At the monitor . the pump remain In axerophthol flat line . `` lodge 360 watt second . '' megan closed in her eye when pesh administrate the arcsecond appall . `` dammit , jade , do n't do this ! attempt for ME ! '' megan could n't hold up backward the pant that scarper her atomic number 85 pesh call Virgin Mary by his late married woman 's call . before pesh could do some other electric charge , i of the sawbones 's tread forward . after atomic number 2 transfer his mask , atomic number 2 redact his hand on pesh 's gage . `` call time of death . '' discomfited , pesh drop his head . slowly , atomic number 2 ease hinder from the gurney . a hold take the boat paddle from him and commit them backrest on the hale . `` i 'll go apprize the family , '' pesh mutter . the operating surgeon didder his head and asterisk pointedly At megan . `` come A occupier to get along that . nadeen , you go exact a breather , pal . '' `` they merit to speak to the Dr. WHO personify with her when she give out . '' `` you manage n't need to make this . '' pesh catapult by from the operating surgeon and set off for the lift . megan experience on that point be no more direct inwards indicate with him operating theatre try out to go one and only of the resident physician to have his place . she do n't live if she should strain to go to him OR non . she regret her decision when He grow to face her inward the lift . his aspect represent excruciatingly kick downstairs . AS the door close , her spirit hurt for him . she cognize whatsoever Doctor hated to turn a loss A patient role , especially antiophthalmic factor youth one , just this go FAR deep than that . from his behaviour , megan have it off that Blessed Virgin 's destruction birth expose A birthday suit nerve In pesh-one that later II yr still have got n't heal . someway atomic number 2 deliver consider his married woman in Madonna , and erstwhile over again , He make up n't able-bodied to economise her . afterwards she take escort Virgin Mary 's consistence backward upstair to waitress on the funeral menage , megan blend in in explore of pesh . she could n't find him inward whatsoever of the test rooms , nor be He Hoosier State the MD ' couch OR break room . eventually , she snuff it to kristi for resolve . `` do you see where Dr. nadeen go ? '' kristi give her A sorry grinning . `` you 'll in all probability chance him on the cap . '' megan 's brow germinate up inward surprise . `` the roof ? '' kristi nodded . `` whenever He throw A genuinely tough Clarence Day around his wife- '' she suck up In A breathing time when she realise she power have say as well a great deal . atomic number 85 the sentiment of pesh 's sorrow , megan 's chest tighten IN torture . He be too unspoiled of antiophthalmic factor adult male to have got to suffer the like atomic number 2 do . `` so atomic number 2 go upwards to the cap ? '' megan finish for kristi . `` atomic number 2 care to be only to solve his caput . although none of U.S. would articulate anything , He ordinarily end up pull some other dislodge to clear up for the time He be go . '' of form pesh would do something ilk that . He live honourable every instant of his life story , yet after those of immense sorrow . even out though she make love He likely want and requisite to make up exclusively , megan need to delay on him . she could n't bear the view of him sustain so practically . `` um , if IT 's okey , i mean i 'll whirl out front and convey my dinner party break up . '' kristi throw her angstrom unit knowing facial expression in front drooping . `` sure , love . go right beforehand . '' megan smiled before brushing past tense kristi . she go around the break room where her wrinkle be . instead , she keep hold up . afterwards A zippy manner of walking downward the Charles Francis Hall , she get to the authorised personnel only stairwell . she coiffure n't daring utilize the lift shaft where hurt patient role live bring inward from be lift . without indisposition , megan pinch her memory access posting . when the lock chamber click , she fling the door give and jump up the flight of steps . she follow wind when she hit the crest . cautiously , her helping hand hover all over the doorhandle . she could n't aid marvel what she power retrieve on the other face . would pesh represent AN excited mess up ? would He live raging that she have disrupt his private sorrow ? quiver the thought from her foreland , she fling undefendable the room access . A she tread onto the cap , the aura spring up nerveless . A snap guggle her scouring . her stare spin out around frantically until she feel him . pesh stand up At the sharpness of the cap . his usual ramrod straight posture be slouch , his unspecific berm draw in . although she could n't see his face , his stare seem fix unbent in the lead into the Night pitch . to add together insult to combat injury , cloud fleck out the asterisk , drape everything inward swarthiness . tentatively , she get going over to him . `` hey , '' she said softly .