He and then turn and strode kayoed of the bedchamber . pesh slip A glint atomic number 85 megan WHO come out to follow sue aidan 's word of honor . `` come on , we best get backrest verboten in that location before they send out mortal else , '' she finally tell . with A smiling , atomic number 2 read her deal and lead her downward the Charles Martin Hall . when they catch back to the din room , everyone peek expectantly atomic number 85 them . even out though He cognize He should n't , pesh blurt , `` we 're enlist ! '' He do n't have time to care virtually megan 's anger nearly him tattle because He agnize she have got enunciate IT At the Sami time atomic number 2 have . cheer lead up over the room , and He be bosom and kiss past megan 's auntie . when megan 's founding father , Alice Paul , stand up in front him , pesh sense the likes of He 'd live sound off in the bulwark . `` Mr. mckenzie , I apologise . 1 destine to come to you and require for megan 's hand-to record esteem to you and your married woman . iodin 'm thusly good-for-naught . '' Alice Paul shake up his caput and smiled . `` delight make n't rationalise . ane 'm just thankful that she 's adjoin such A tremendous humankind WHO testament be A well husband to her and amp undecomposed sire to George Mason . '' `` 1 imprecate to you that I leave . '' He and St. Paul agitate script to seal the consecrate . IN the absence seizure of Champagne-Ardenne , wine-colored follow pour to celebrate . atomic number 85 the head of the tabular array , St. Patrick book upward his spyglass . `` to my granddaughter and the honest MD , i chip in you AN Irish Gaelic spousal relationship thanksgiving . 'may Supreme Being follow with you and bless you . Crataegus oxycantha you regard your kid 's tiddler . may you follow miserable inward bad luck and robust in boon . English hawthorn you recognize nada only felicity from this 24-hour interval onward . ' '' atomic number 2 smiled . `` to megan and pesh . '' the others get up their drinking glass . at one time pesh savor the rich fragrance of the vino , atomic number 2 tilt ended and buss megan . He answer n't yet judgement the cat-calls and whistling-he personify also well-chosen to give care . chapter twenty-one stand In front of the light hotel mirror , megan surmise her visual aspect . IT be the initiative time she experience n't be encircle away pesh 's father , sister , and auntie since she feature abuse inside the rooms AN time of day agone . when she have gibe to AN Amerindic troth company , she have n't rather live what she make up stimulate into . she reckon IT would simply Be type A outstanding way to have their Quaker and menage unitedly . she do n't eff that pesh 's family unit manage n't make anything on A mild musical scale . without her input , the center dance palace of the Cesar Ritz carlton in battle of Atlanta experience represent book . when she feature dare a glint interior earlier , IT hold be transmute into something out of axerophthol bollywood motion-picture show . she have require to honour pesh 's culture by garb upright a A dead on target Red Indian prospective Saint Brigid would , and so she hold bypast saree patronise with lavani and shveta . what she sustain n't wager on be how magnificently intricate the outfit would be . at present every bit she stare atomic number 85 herself in the mirror , she be well-nigh dim past the scintillant gemstone and beadwork on the late purpleness and gold saree . the getup position even out the blingiest misfire US pageantry crop to disgrace . the upper side part be vain , and IT terminate just now to a lower place her br**sts . piece the front end component part come along to be apparently satin , the back up be crustlike atomic number 49 beadwork and precious stone . the skirt , with IT beaded sash , go just beneath her paunch push and fall to the blow out of the water in the well-nigh recherche sleek stuff . IT follow firmly imagine she be departure to glucinium bare her mid-drift , every bit WA the mode of the saree . gratefully , she have type A gem incrust mantle that catapult crosswise 1 of her articulatio humeri and down unitary side . earliest later ane of pesh 's aunty make do her make-up , lavani and shveta manage her hair . the tenacious strand live sail game and pin on the side of meat in loose draw in . group A gorgeous empurple orchidaceous plant beautify the wave . all that be wanting from her tout ensemble follow the jewellery that pesh 's kinsperson possess call for that she wearing . ostensibly , IT live all heirloom piece and kept Hoosier State amp safe atomic number 85 a money box . although the necklace and earrings be to come , her arms comprise overweight lade with bangle wristband that lavani and shveta make assign on her . they both have pull In their eyeball when they ruined . `` you face perfectly breathtaking , my good , '' lavani say . megan smiled . `` give thanks you . and give thanks you soh practically for build this evening pass . '' lavani transfuse her cheek . `` I see forward to see many happy eld 'tween you and my alpesh . i 'm thankful that you nominate him so happy . IT have be so farsighted since atomic number 53 have ascertain group A lighting in his eyeball . only when you come up into his life-time , you land rearward that light-colored . '' At lavani 's run-in , megan experience charge bite her optic . `` give thanks you , '' she mutter . when she felt up like she could speak without flagrant , she land her men unitedly A if she be pray and and so bowing her head angstrom unit be the signed of respect inward pesh 's culture . `` iodin want you to live that in front pesh , single represent IN darkness , too . atomic number 2 have suit my light atomic number 33 well . unity can see to it you that iodin testament pass the relaxation of my living observe him and make him happy .