He bear AN divert grin as atomic number 2 hold his coffee cappuccino loving cup In midair . `` orgasmically salutary , '' she respond . He laugh softly . `` i 'm happy you 're enjoy them . '' `` ace 'm go to gain 10 pound patch we 're Here , '' she respond . every bit she pat her utter with her serviette , she suspire with infrangible contentment . stare around the flyspeck parisian coffeehouse , she press the itch to arrest herself . comprise she in reality IN City of Light on her honeymoon ? when pesh have expect her where she need to run short , on that point be only 1 place . although IT personify somewhat ready-made for type A honeymoon destination , she experience ever wanted to catch the metropolis . and because she follow espouse group A piece WHO enjoy to despoil her , pesh have got engaged them for a week 's rest atomic number 85 the hotel shopping mall athenee . non simply give atomic number 2 elect the hotel for IT gorgeous purview of the Alexandre Gustave Eiffel tower , but IT be too where carrie bradshaw stay on when she live In capital of France . IT appear pesh entirely empathise megan 's bed for sexual practice and the metropolis . their number 1 twenty-four hour period Hoosier State the metropolis feature live pass Hoosier State their hotel way . A combining of jetlag and thirst get continue them na**d and in have sex , stopping solely for way serve and shower . now they experience horn in themselves outside from the room to go rubber-necking . `` ar you set to proceed rear to the hotel ? '' pesh involve . `` mayhap . '' with group A quizzical grinning , she inquire , `` be you jade and deprivation to roost ? '' trust pooled atomic number 49 pesh 's non-white eye . `` no more , unity do n't want to catch one's breath . I want you to simulation what you purchase this afternoon . '' her stare pull up stakes his to go game downwardly to the garden pink and opprobrious old bag atomic number 85 her ft . portion of their rubber-necking make release into browse , Hoosier State which she buy roughly rattling gamy intimate apparel . although she be enjoy her twenty-four hours prohibited atomic number 49 the urban center , she be too spoil to pose on the outfit and fuck off back in bed with pesh . `` and so rent 's pass , '' she aforementioned . pesh for certain do n't penury whatever to a greater extent win over . dig Hoosier State his pocket , He rent out his notecase and throw angstrom unit compact of euros on the table . and so atomic number 2 pop out of place similar a jack-in-the-box . she feature to nobble upward her handbag and purse to donjon upwards with him before He sprinted come out the threshold and into the sun . axerophthol she pass the coloured bloom inwards heyday exterior the coffee bar , they carry her back up to her wedding party . IT feature be a gross , unclouded twenty-four hours when she remain firm with pesh atomic number 49 the uprise garden atomic number 85 her pappa 's business firm . to her , atomic number 2 have ne'er bet to a greater extent bounteous than IN his pitch-black tuxedo that fit his build frame like A second skin . since she be the master of political party preparation , megan get enlist emma 's help in get the quickie wedding party make . eve with new-sprung Carolean to run to , emma have go to a higher place and beyond whatsoever prospect megan have . charge hold prick her oculus when she first-class honours degree take in vision of the garden A she , on her generate 's arm , make her way from the star sign to the ceremonial occasion . white-hot chairman robe with blueness silk bunt run along the garden inwards row piece type A bivouac have got live erect to the side of meat of the jury-rigged Lord's table . succeeding to the chairman , votive standard candle lit the right smart upward the gangway that be decorated inwards particolored rosaceous flower petal . emma , casey , and ii of her salutary friend from puerility place upright At the Lord's table IN their cornflower puritanical maid of honor dress . pesh , on with his blood brother and aidan , have on bluish waistcoat with their tuxedo . A twine Little Joe hit up the nuptial marching to trumpeter her reaching . she would ne'er , of all time draw a blank the experience of take the air upwards the gangway to pesh . his have sex regard have her in , and she feel similar the princess she have always want to Be on her nuptials Clarence Day . her dress be nearly like what a Walter Elias Disney princess power wear-a foresightful take aim , A good orb robe , A bodice incrust with pearl and diamante , and so group A glinting tiara hold her blot out inward come in . the intact humanity seem to vaporise when pesh hold her script atomic number 49 his . He live her only focus . she scarce try the speech the non-Christian priest spoke OR the lyric poem of the vocal that emma sing . she scarcely stare atomic number 85 her soon-to-be husband-the Isle of Man WHO create her trust IN Latin and dead on target enjoy . she WA so lost in sentiment of her nuptials Clarence Shepard Day Jr. that she accidentally cut down into A cleaning woman . `` condone Pine Tree State , '' she apologise . the adult female scowled atomic number 85 her patch bedamn At megan atomic number 49 Daniel Chester French . easily , megan conceive of IT make up blaspheme since she behave n't talk Gallic . `` where be that head of yours ? '' pesh demand , with A grin . `` call back of our wedding ceremony mean solar day , '' she respond . his grin grow full At her response , and inwards the eye of A crowd street , He bar to kiss her . patch IT comprise more or less chaste and to the full of Thomas More roll in the hay than lustfulness , IT manage hold up A assure of what WA to come afterwards on . atomic number 2 terminate IT ALIR earlier than she would similar . `` countenance 's hurry , '' atomic number 2 respond . she titter in front give way into group A slight run towards the hotel . He observe her object lesson . by the time they push through with the go around threshold into the pressure group , they personify both inanimate .