Hellblazer is the main character of John Constantine.
John Constantine is the creator of Alan Moore.
John Constantine is the creator of Stephen R. Bissette.
Hellblazer publishs Dc Comics.
Hellblazer is the contributor of Jamie Delano.
Hellblazer is the contributor of Garth Ennis.
Hellblazer is the contributor of Paul Jenkins.
Hellblazer is the contributor of Warren Ellis.
Hellblazer is the contributor of Grant Morrison.
Hellblazer is the contributor of Neil Gaiman.
Hellblazer is the contributor of Mike Carey.
Hellblazer is the contributor of Andy Diggle.
Hellblazer is the contributor of Peter Milligan.
Hellblazer influences Clive Barker.
Hellblazer is the cover artist of Dave Mckean.
Hellblazer is the contributor of John Ridgway.
Hellblazer is the contributor of Simon Bisley.
Hellblazer is the contributor of Mark Buckingham.
Hellblazer is the contributor of Richard Corben.
Hellblazer is the contributor of Steve Dillon.
Hellblazer is the contributor of Marcelo Frusin.
Hellblazer is the contributor of Jock.
Hellblazer is the contributor of David Lloyd.
Hellblazer is the contributor of Leonardo Manco.
Hellblazer is the contributor of Sean Phillips.
Hellblazer is the contributor of Tim Bradstreet.
Hellblazer is the contributor of Glenn Fabry.
Hellblazer is the contributor of Rockwell Kent.
Hellblazer is the contributor of Bernard Williams.
Hellblazer influences Willoughby Kipling.
Phil Foglio influences Willoughby Kipling.
John Constantine is the possesses of Demon Blood.
John Constantine is the vulnerable to of Sun.
Sun is the causes death of Atomic Number 85.
Constantine is the travels to of States.
Constantine is the encounters of Daddy Midnite.
Constantine is the accompanies of Jack Kennedy.
Constantine disguises Abraham Lincoln.
Constantine is the visits of Irish Capital.
King John is the ends relationship with of Ryan.
Paul Jenkins is the editor of of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
Paul Jenkins is the works at of Mirage Studio.
Paul Jenkins is the editor of of Hellblazer.
Paul Jenkins succeeds Jamie Delano.
Paul Jenkins is the works with of Alan Moore.
Paul Jenkins is the works with of Garth Ennis.
Paul Jenkins is the works with of Warren Ellis.
Warren Ellis is the works on of Transmetropolitan.
Warren Ellis is the leaves due to of Helix Comic.
Haunted is the investigates murder of of Isabel.
Haunted is the encounters of Aleister Crowley.
Haunted is the features of Jack London.
Brian Azzarello is the confronts of Stanley W. Manor.
Mike Carey is the wins award for of Lucifer.
Mike Carey is the works on of Sandman.
Angie Spatchcock is the introduces to of Gemma Constantine.
Angie Spatchcock is the collaborates with of Chas Raymond Chandler.
Angie Spatchcock is the visits of Glasgow.
Andy Diggle is the confronts of Mako Shark.
Peter Milligan is the lives with of Phoebe.
John is the encounter of Babylonian Demon.
John is the encounter of Liverpool Dockers.
John is the seek help of Shade.
John is the protect of Phoebe.
John is the encounter of Julian.
John is the journey to of Republic Of India.
John is the fall in love with of Epiphany.
John is the marriage of Epiphany.
John is the conflict with of Gemma.
Gemma is the enmity of John.
Gemma is the ally with of Witches.
Gemma is the attempt to kill of John.
Gemma is the manipulate of John.
Gemma is the relationship with of Terry.
Gemma is the attempt to kill of John.
Gemma is the reconciliation of John.
Gemma is the disappear of John.
John is the resurrect of Epiphany.
John is the live happily with of Epiphany.
John is the visit of Ireland.
John is the return to of England.
John is the confrontation with of Gemma.
Gemma is the offer to kill of John.
Gemma is the disappear of John.
John is the appear in of Bar.
John surrounds People.
John surrounds Bottles.
John Constantine is the collaborator of Alan Moore.
John Constantine is the character reference of Flavius Valerius Constantinus.
John Constantine is the producer of Lorenzo Di Bonaventura.
John Constantine is the director of Guillermo Del Toro.
John Constantine is the co-star of Zatanna.
John Constantine portrays Matt Ryan.
John Constantine is the co-creator of David Goyer.
John Constantine is the co-creator of Daniel Cerone.
John Constantine is the director of Neil Marshall.
John Constantine is the novelist of John Shirley.