Moro River Campaign is the participant of British Eighth Army.
Moro River Campaign is the participant of 76 Panzer Corps.
Moro River Campaign is the participant of German 10Th U. S. Army.
Moro River Campaign is the participant of Sir Harold Alexander.
Moro River Campaign is the participant of Allied 15Th Army Group.
Moro River Campaign is the participant of V Corps.
Moro River Campaign is the participant of Xiii Army Corps.
Moro River Campaign occurs Orsogna.
Moro River Campaign occurs The Gully.
Moro River Campaign occurs Ortona.
Moro River Campaign is the target location of Rome.
British Eighth Army is the opponent of Albert Kesselring.
British Eighth Army is the commander of Bernard Montgomery.
British Eighth Army crosss Volturno.
British Eighth Army crosss Trigno.
British Eighth Army crosss Sangro River.
V Corps is the participant of 78Th Infantry Division.
V Corps is the participant of 8Th Indian Infantry Division.
V Corps is the participant of 2Nd New Zealand Division.
V Corps is the participant of Xiii Corps.
Moro River is the flow to of Adriatic Coast.
Moro River is the flow to of Ortona.
Moro River is the flow to of Pescara.
Canadian Infantry Division is the commander of Chris Vokes.
Canadian Infantry Division is the participant of 5Th Infantry Division.
Canadian Infantry Division is the participant of John Roy Major.
Canadian Infantry Division is the target location of Orsogna.
Canadian Infantry Division is the participant of 2Nd New Zealand Division.
Canadian Infantry Division is the participant of 8Th Indian Infantry Division.
1St Parachute Division is the commander of Traugott Herr.
1St Parachute Division is the commander of Joachim Lemelsen.
Canadian Infantry Division is the attack of Villa Rogatti.
Princess Patricia'S Canadian Light Infantry is the commander of Cameron Bethel Ware.
Princess Patricia'S Canadian Light Infantry is the opponent of German Panzergrenadier.
Princess Patricia'S Canadian Light Infantry is the participant of Ppcli.
San Leonardo is the attack of Seaforth Scottish Highlander.
San Leonardo is the commander of Thomas Hastings.
San Leonardo is the participant of Prince Edward Iv Regiment.
San Leonardo is the opponent of 26Th Panzer Regiment.
San Leonardo is the commander of Forin.
San Leonardo is the participant of Seaforth Scottish Highlander.
San Leonardo is the attack of San Leonardo.
San Leonardo is the withdrawal of San Leonardo.
San Donato is the commander of Kennedy.
San Donato is the commander of Thomas Hastings.
San Donato is the participant of Hastings & Prince Edward Regiment.
San Donato is the attack of San Donato.
San Donato is the withdrawal of San Donato.
San Donato is the opponent of German.
San Donato is the defender of German.
San Donato is the counterattack of German.
San Donato is the control of German.
San Donato is the withdrawal of Hastings And Prince Edward Viii Regiment.
Royal Canadian Regiment is the attack of San Leonardo.
Royal Canadian Regiment is the commander of Thomas Hastings.
Royal Canadian Regiment is the participant of Prince Edward Iv Regiment.
Royal Canadian Regiment is the opponent of 26Th Panzer Regiment.
Royal Canadian Regiment is the commander of Forin.
Royal Canadian Regiment is the participant of Seaforth Scottish Highlander.
Royal Canadian Regiment is the attack of San Leonardo.
Royal Canadian Regiment is the withdrawal of San Leonardo.
Canadian River Regiment stations San Leonardo.
Canadian River Regiment engages United States Of San Donato.
Canadian River Regiment is the fought against of German.
Canadian River Regiment engages 200Th Panzergrenadier Regiment.
Canadian River Regiment engages High German.
B Company flanks San Donato.
Seaforth Scottish Highlander crosss Moro River.
Seaforth Scottish Highlander moves San Leonardo.
The Calgary Regiment establishs Moro River.
48Th Highlanders is the joined forces with of San Leonardo.
Princess Patricia'S Canadian Light-Colored Infantry is the joined forces with of San Leonardo.
German defends San Leonardo.
New Seeland Division launchs Orsogna.
British 2Nd Independent Parachute Brigade is the under control of of New Seeland Division.
Traugott Herr is the commander of of Lxxvi Panzer Corps.
Bernard Freyberg is the commander of of New Seeland Division.
Casa Berardi outflanks The Gully.
Paul Triquet leads Casa Berardi.
Ontario Regiment provides C Company.
British 5Th Foot Division inserts Xiii Army Corps.
Lieutenant-General Miles Dempsey is the commander of of Xiii Army Corps.
Crecchio attacks Casa Berardi.
Point 198 seizes Crecchio.
Essex Regiment attacks Crecchio.
15Th Punjab Regiment secures Crecchio.
26Th Panzer Division is the sent troops to relieve defenders at of Orsogna.
6Th Parachute Regiment relieves 26Th Panzer Division.
Sherman Tanks attacks Orsogna.
The Carleton And York Regiment assaults The Gully.
Seaforth Highlanders moves The Gully.
Canadian River Regiment is the attack of C Company.
Canadian River Regiment is the attack of Royal Canadian Regiment.
Royal Canadian Regiment is the attack of Cyder Crossroads.
Vokes is the commander of Three Rivers Regiment.
Three Rivers Regiment is the move of Start Line.
Three Rivers Regiment is the move of 07:00.
Three Rivers Regiment postpones 14:15.
Three Rivers Regiment is the attack of Royal Canadian Regiment.
Royal Canadian Regiment is the control of Cider Crossroads.
B Company is the control of Cider Crossroads.
German Pressure evacuates The Gully.
German Pressure is the defence of Ortona.
1St Parachute Division is the attack of Villa Grande.
19Th Indian Brigade is the attack of Villa Grande.
19Th Indian Brigade is the exploit of Arielli River.
1/5Th Battalion is the capture of Vezzano.
3Rd Battalion is the launch of Doroteo Arango Grande.
3Rd Battalion is the clear of Villa Grande.
5Th Battalion is the clear of Villa Grande.
Royal West Kents is the task of Villa Grande.
Orsogna is the launch of Lieutenant-General Dempsey.
Orsogna is the attack of British 5Th Infantry Division.
British 5Th Infantry Division is the support of 2Nd New Zealand Division.
2Nd New Zealand Division is the advance of Orsogna.
Bernard Freyberg is the defence of 26Th Panzer Division.
13Th Corps is the launch of Orsogna.
13Th Corps is the support of British 5Th Infantry Division.
26Th Panzer Division is the defence of Orsogna.
1St Parachute Division is the defence of Ortona.
German Forces is the defence of Ortona.
Loyal Edmonton Regiment is the move of Ortona.
Seaforth Highlanders is the support of Ortona.
German Sniper is the resistance of Ortona.
D Company is the advance of Ortona.
German Sniper is the stall of Ortona.
Canadian Forces is the clear of Ortona.
Ortona is the capture of Canadian Forces.
Ortona is the approach of Canadian Casualties.
Ortona maims Canadian Casualties.
Ortona fights Canadian Casualties.
Ortona develops Canadian Forces.
Ortona is the innovate of Mouse-Holing.
German Countermove is the counterattack of Ortona.
V Army Corps is the advance of Pescara.
General Alexander is the halt of Eighth Army.
General Alexander is the contain of Lxxvi Panzer Corps.
General Alexander is the prevent of Kesselring.
General Alexander is the opposite of General Clark.
General Alexander is the continue of Allied Offensive.
5Th Army is the breakthrough of Liri Valley.
Alexander is the concentrate of Adriatic Front.
Alexander is the concentrate of Cassino Front.
Alexander is the launch of Combined Attack.
Kesselring is the lead of Allied Trance.