Ceratopsia includes Beaver State Ceratopia.
Ceratopsia includes Yinlong Downsi.
Ceratopsia includes Triceratops Prorsus.
Ceratopsia includes Psittacosaurus.
Ceratopsia includes Centrosaurus.
Othniel Charles Marsh recognizes Rostral Bone.
Othniel Charles Marsh recognizes Predentary Bone.
Othniel Charles Marsh recognizes Jugal Bones.
Othniel Charles Marsh recognizes Parietal Bone.
Othniel Charles Marsh recognizes Squamosal Bone.
Othniel Charles Marsh recognizes Epoccipital Bone.
Edward Cope identifys Agathaumas Sylvestris.
Edward Cope identifys Polyonax.
Edward Cope identifys Monoclonius.
Edward Cope classifys Agathaumidae.
Taxonomists coins Othniel Charles Marsh.
Iczn names Ceratopsia.
Thomas R. Holtz, Jr. reviews Ceratopsia.
Protoceratopsidae includes Protoceratops.
Protoceratopsidae includes Leptoceratopsidae.
Ceratopsidae includes Zuniceratops.
Ceratopsidae includes Triceratops.
Ceratopsidae includes Centrosaurinae.
Ceratopsidae includes Ceratopsinae.
Ceratopsidae includes Chasmosaurinae.
Aquilops Americanus is the related of Ajkaceratops.
Ajkaceratops is the belongs to of Protoceratopsidae.
Xuanhuaceratops is the related of Ivpp V12722.
Kulceratops is the belongs to of Ceratopsidae.
Turanoceratops is the belongs to of Ceratopsidae.
Lamaceratops is the same as of Bagaceratops.
Magnirostris is the same as of Bagaceratops.
Platyceratops is the same as of Bagaceratops.
Bainoceratops is the same as of Protoceratops.
Auroraceratops is the belongs to of Protoceratopsidae.
Auroraceratops is the belongs to of Leptoceratopsidae.
Chaoyangsaurus is the related of Psittacosauridae.
Asiaceratops is the belongs to of Protoceratopsidae.
Asiaceratops is the belongs to of Leptoceratopsidae.
Yinlong is the belongs to of Protoceratopsidae.
Ivpp V12722 is the related of Xuanhuaceratops.
Bagaceratops is the same as of Protoceratops.
Protoceratops is the same as of Bainoceratops.
Auroraceratops is the same as of Auroraceratops.
Auroraceratops is the belongs to of Leptoceratopsidae.
Udanoceratops is the belongs to of Leptoceratopsidae.