Elephanta Caves locates Elephanta Island.
Elephanta Island locates Arabian Sea.
Elephanta Island locates Gharapuri.
Elephanta Island locates Stupa Hill.
Elephanta Caves locates Mumbai.
Elephanta Caves locates Bombay.
Elephanta Island locates Apollo Bunder.
Elephanta Island locates Pir.
Elephanta Island locates Trombay.
Elephanta Island locates Gateway Of India.
Elephanta Island is the grows in of Rhizophora Mangle.
Elephanta Primary Cave dedicates Shiva.
Elephanta Primary Cave designates Unesco.
Elephanta Primary Cave maintains Archaeological Survey Of India (Asi).
Elephanta Island owns Charles Ii Of England.
Elephanta Island owns Catherine Of Braganza.
Parvati harasss Shiva.
Ravana obtains Parvati.
Ravana is the upset shiva of Shiva.
Ravana scars Parvati.
Ravana stamps Shiva.
Ravana praises Shiva.
Ravana turns Shiva.
Ravana restores Parvati.
Brahma officiates Shiva.
Vishnu is the witness to wedding of Shiva.
Indra is the witness to wedding of Shiva.
Anapurna weds Shiva.
Mena is the stands next to of Vishnu.
Chandra stands Anapurna.
Yogisvara is the resembles buddha of Shiva.
Yogisvara destroys Sati.
Nataraja performs Shiva.
Pradakshina is the track around of Itinerary.
Gigantic Statue is the depicts of Doorman.
Gigantic Statue is the depicts of Demons.
Standing Figure holds Trident.
Standing Figure is the rests on of Demon-Image.
West Wing is the part of of Main Cave.
West Wing is the contains of Small Chapel.
West Wing is the contains of Cistern.
West Wing is the belongs to of Buddhistic.
Shrine locates West Wing.
Shrine is the contains of Shiva.
Shrine is the depicts of Yogic Pose.
Shrine carrys Lotus.
Shrine is the depicts of Wigged Figures.
Shrine is the depicts of Bramha.
Shrine is the depicts of Statuette.
Shrine enshrines Shiva Linga.
Shrine is the depicts of Hall Porter.
Shrine is the standing over of Devil.
Shrine is the standing over of Flesh Figure.
Shrine locates Ensemble.
Shrine is the depicts of Shiva Carving.
Shiva Carving haves Arms.
Shiva Carving haves Third Eye.
Shiva Carving wears Ornamented Crown.
Shiva Carving is the interacts with of Cobra.
Shiva Carving locates Fig.
Shiva Carving locates Plantain Tree.
Shiva Carving is the depicts of Yogishvara.
Shiva Carving locates Manlike Figure.
Shiva Carving is the interacts with of Pig.
Shiva Carving holds Melville Bell.
Shiva Carving is the interacts with of Female Figure.
Shiva Carving is the depicts of Shivah.
Shiva Carving wears Jewel.
Shiva Carving locates Indra.
Shiva Carving is the interacts with of Elephant.
Shiva Carving locates Vishnu.
Shiva Carving holds Saucer.
Shiva Carving rids Garuda.
Shiva Carving locates Flying Forecast.
Shiva Carving locates Crescent-Shaped.
South Entry guards Tiger Sculpture.
Tiger Sculpture is the depicts of Vaghesheri.
Linga locates Small Pool.
Rock is the stabilization of of Supports.
Supports is the supports of Pillars.
Flooring integrates Pillars.
Flooring is the surrounds of Parapet Wall.
Visitor Facility includes Sewer Facility.
Visitor Facility includes Rail Construction.
Visitor Facility includes Footpath.
Visitor Facility includes Steps.
Museum establishs Preservation Project.
Visitors is the visit of Museum.
Visitors is the access of Information Brochure.
World Heritage Site designates Unesco.
Unesco provides Grant.
Unesco is the coordinates with of Communication.
Unesco is the supports of Awareness Programme.
Unesco is the monitors of Environmental Impact.
Water Leakages is the affects of Caves.
Structural Conservation is the maintains of Caves.
Chemical Conservation is the maintains of Caves.
Intach involves Cave Site.
Restoration is the aims to of Cave Site.