Devin Francis Everett Townsend is the member of of Young Cuss.
Devin Francis Everett Townsend is the member of of Townsend Mold.
Townsend Mold is the member of of Brian "Beav" Waddell.
Townsend Mold is the member of of Mike Young.
Townsend Mold is the member of of Ryan Van Poederooyen.
Townsend Mold is the member of of Dave Young.
Devin Francis Everett Townsend is the member of of Strapping Young Lad.
Mike G. is the reviewer of of Strapping Young Lad.
Devin Francis Everett Townsend is the contributor to soundtrack of of Fallout: Brotherhood Of Steel.
Devin Francis Everett Townsend is the artist of of Ziltoid The Omniscient.
Devin Francis Everett Townsend is the artist of of The Hummer.
Devin Francis Everett Townsend is the voice actor in of Metalocalypse.
Devin Francis Everett Townsend is the founder of of Devin Townsend Project.
Devin Townsend Project is the producer of of Ki.
Devin Townsend Project is the collaborator with of Anneke Van Giersbergen.
Devin Townsend Project is the producer of of Epicloud.
Devin Townsend Project is the performer at of The Retinal Circus.
Devin Townsend Project is the producer of of Casualties Of Cool.
Devin Townsend Project is the collaborator with of Morgan Ågren.
Devin Townsend Project is the producer of of Z².
Devin Townsend Project is the producer of of Sky Blue.
Devin Townsend Project is the producer of of Dark Matters.
Devin Townsend collaborates Brian Howes.
Devin Townsend collaborates Steve Vai.
Devin Townsend marrys Spencer Tracy Joseph Mallord William Turner.
Spencer Tracy Joseph Mallord William Turner is the parent of of Reyner Liam Johnstan Townsend.
Devin Townsend inspires Phil Spector.
Devin Townsend inspires Frank Zappa.
Devin Townsend inspires Rammstein.
Devin Townsend inspires August Burns Red.
Devin Townsend inspires Misery Signals.
Devin Townsend influences Judas Priest.
Devin Townsend influences W.A.S.P..
Devin Townsend influences Abba.
Devin Townsend influences Metallica.
Devin Townsend influences Meshuggah.
Devin Townsend influences Paul Horn.
Devin Townsend influences Ravi Shankar.
Devin Townsend influences Billie Jean King.
Devin Townsend influences John Williams.
Devin Townsend influences Trevor Jones.
Devin Townsend influences Igor Stravinsky.