Vitamin D is the part of of Glee.
Vitamin D is the writer of Ryan Murphy.
Vitamin D is the director of Elodie Keene.
Vitamin D is the character of Will Schuester.
Vitamin D is the actor of Matthew Morrison.
Vitamin D is the character of Terri.
Vitamin D is the actor of Jessalyn Gilsig.
Vitamin D is the character of Emma Pillsbury.
Vitamin D is the actor of Jayma Mays.
Vitamin D is the character of Sue Sylvester.
Vitamin D is the reviewer of Aly Semigran.
Vitamin D is the reviewer of Mandi Bierly.
Vitamin D is the critic of John Doe.
Vitamin D is the artist of Bon Jovi.
Vitamin D is the artist of Usher.
Vitamin D is the artist of Beyoncé Knowles.
Vitamin D is the artist of Katrina And The Waves.
Vitamin D is the character of Finn Hudson.
Vitamin D is the actor of Cory Monteith.
Vitamin D is the character of Kurt Hummel.
Vitamin D is the actor of Chris Colfer.
Vitamin D is the character of Rachel Berry.
Vitamin D is the actor of Lea Michele.
Vitamin D is the character of Santana Lopez.
Vitamin D is the actor of Naya Rivera.
Vitamin D is the character of Brittany Pierce.
Vitamin D is the actor of Heather Morris.
Vitamin D is the character of Mike Chang.
Vitamin D is the actor of Harry Shum Jr..
Vitamin D is the character of Matt Rutherford.
Vitamin D is the actor of Dijon Talton.
Vitamin D is the character of Sandy Ryerson.
Vitamin D is the actor of Stephen Tobolowsky.
Vitamin D is the character of Principal Figgins.
Vitamin D is the actor of Iqbal Theba.
Vitamin D is the character of Ken Tanaka.
Vitamin D is the actor of Patrick Gallagher.
Vitamin D is the character of Catherine Howard.
Vitamin D is the actor of Howard Bamboo.
Vitamin D is the actor of Rockwell Kent Avenido.
Vitamin D is the actor of Joe Hursley.
Vitamin D is the actor of Joe.
Vitamin D is the actor of Andrea Carmichael.
Vitamin D is the actor of Earlene Davis.
Vitamin D features Vitamin D / It'S My Life.
Vitamin D features Confessions Part Ii.
Vitamin D features Halo.
Vitamin D features Walking On Sunshine.