Participant is the participant of Chess.
White is the player of Chess.
Black is the player of Chess.
Wilhelm Steinitz is the player of Chess.
José Raúl Capablanca is the player of Chess.
Emanuel Lasker is the player of Chess.
Bobby Fischer is the player of Chess.
András Adorján is the player of Chess.
Mihai Suba is the player of Chess.
Jeff Sonas is the player of Chess.
Evgeny Sveshnikov is the player of Chess.
Jonathan Rowson is the player of Chess.
George Vi Walker is the player of Chess.
Reuben Fine is the player of Chess.
Joseph Bertin is the player of Chess.
Kiril Georgiev is the player of Chess.
Atanas Kolev is the player of Chess.
Francisco Vallejo Pons is the player of Chess.
Gary Kasparov is the player of Chess.
Weaver Finch Adams is the advocate of Robert Adam.
Weaver Finch Adams loses Im I.A. Vladimir Horowitz.
Vsevolod Rauzer is the quote of Vsevolod Rauzer.
Im Han Dynasty Berliner asserts Gm Larry George Simon Kaufman.
Adorján is the disagreed of Rowson.
Rowson is the disagreed of Adorján.
Rowson mentions Gm Lajos Portisch.
Rowson mentions Suba.
Rowson mentions Ľubomír Ftáčnik.
Gm Larry George Simon Kaufman discusss Rowson.
Rowson discusss Gm Larry George Simon Kaufman.
Rowson discusss Suba.
Suba discusss Rowson.
Rowson mentions Lev Polugaevsky.
Rowson mentions Ľubomír Ftáčnik.
Andrew Dickson White reverses Black.
Andrew Dickson White is the extra tempo of Black.
Mikhail Botvinnik is the agrees with idea of Andrew Dickson White.
Watson is the cites thesis of Suba.
Watson is the questions idea of Black.
Watson is the maintains viewpoint of Black.
Watson is the agrees with critique of Gm Alex Yermolinsky.
Vladimir Malaniuk is the impresses with response of Gm Alex Yermolinsky.
Alekhine is the critique of opening philosophies of White.
Leslie Howard Staunton is the considers defense playable of Black.
Leslie Howard Staunton is the considers defense inferior of White.
Owen is the defense slightly better of White.
Owen is the playable but less advantageous of White.
John Broadus Watson is the concludes disadvantages and advantages of Black.
John Broadus Watson is the opposes drawish simplification of Black.
John Broadus Watson is the favors drawish simplification of White.
Rowson outplays White.
Rowson is the outplays white of Black.
Thomas Augustus Watson is the avoids symmetrical posture of Black.
Suba is the avoids symmetrical posture of Black.
Herbert Mclean Evans is the avoids symmetrical posture of Black.
Aron Nimzowitsch is the avoids symmetrical posture of Black.
Larsen is the theoretical advantage in symmetrical openings of White.
Paul Keres is the unable to find advantage in symmetrical openings of White.
Robert James Fischer is the considers position equal of White.
M. Gurevich is the passive play of White.
Short is the outplays white of White.
Tatai is the victim to mate attack of White.
Korchnoi is the wins game of White.
Rowson is the compelling strategy of Black.
Director is the ensures of Player.
Director is the ensures of White.
Director is the ensures of Shirley Temple Black.
Player is the receives of John Doe.
Player is the receives of Surgery.
Endgame Tablebases is the resolves of Chess.
Endgame Tablebases is the determines of Chess.
Endgame Tablebases includes Chess.
Jonathan Rowson is the hypothesizes of Endgame Tablebases.
Claude Shannon is the indicates of Computer.
Claude Shannon is the writes of Computer.
Heuristic Rule Programming is the programs of Computer.
Checkers resolves Chess.
Jonathan Schaeffer leads Checkers.
Jonathan Schaeffer says Checkers.
Jonathan Schaeffer learns Checkers.
Jonathan Schaeffer is the underestimates of Checkers.
Isaac Kashdan quotes Player.