Oscar Wilde is the playwright of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
The Importance Of Being Earnest is the premiere venue of St James'S Theatre.
The Importance Of Being Earnest sets Victorian London.
The Importance Of Being Earnest is the actor of Dame Edith Evans.
The Importance Of Being Earnest is the director of Kurt Baker.
The Importance Of Being Earnest is the director of Oliver Parker.
Oscar Wilde is the discussion partner of George Alexander.
Oscar Wilde is the influence of W. S. Gilbert.
Oscar Wilde is the influence of Humphrey Gilbert.
Oscar Wilde is the reviewer of Richard Ellmann.
George Alexander is the producer of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Henry James is the agreement of George Alexander.
Allan Aynesworth is the actor of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Allan Aynesworth is the conversation partner of Hesketh Pearson.
William Faversham is the actor of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Viola Allen is the actor of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Ida Vernon is the actor of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Dion Boucicault is the presenter of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Henry Robert Brough is the presenter of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
George Bernard Shaw is the reviewer of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
William Archer is the reviewer of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
A. B. Walkley is the reviewer of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
H. G. Wells is the reviewer of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
W. H. Auden is the reviewer of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Madonna Mary Mccarthy is the reviewer of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Max Beerbohm is the reviewer of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Henry Robert Ross is the editor of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Smyrnium Olusatrum is the presenter of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Max Beerbohm is the reviewer of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Gerald Ames is the actor of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
A. E. Matthews is the actor of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
John Deverell is the actor of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Margaret Scudamore is the actor of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Sir Nigel Playfair is the director of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Mabel Terry-Lewis is the actor of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
John Gielgud is the actor of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Edith Evans is the actor of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
James Augustine Aloysius Joyce Carey is the actor of Gwendolen.
Angela Baddeley is the actor of Cecily.
Margaret First Baron Rutherford is the actor of Misfire Optical Prism.
Arthur John Gielgud is the actor of Coleman Hawkins.
Gwen Ffrangcon is the actor of Humphrey Davy.
Peggy Ashcroft is the actor of Cecily.
Billie Jean Moffitt King is the attendee of Gwendolen.
Billie Jean Moffitt King is the attendee of World-Beater.
Geoffrey Wheatcroft is the journalist of Play.
Oscar Fingal O'Flahertie Wills Wilde is the work of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Mark Lawson describes The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Shaft Residence is the actor of Judi Dench.
Shaft Residence is the actor of Mary Martin Jarvis.
Shaft Residence is the actor of Nigel Havers.
Shaft Residence is the actor of Zoë John Wanamaker.
Shaft Residence is the actor of Anna Massey.
Nicholas Hytner is the actor of Maggie Smith.
Nicholas Hytner is the actor of Maggie Smith.
Geoffrey Rush is the actor of Lady Bracknell.
Brian Bedford is the actor of Director.
Brian Bedford is the actor of Peeress Bracknell.
Dana Ivey is the actor of Misfire Optical Prism.
Paxton Whitehead is the actor of Canon Chasuble.
Santino Fontana is the actor of Algernon.
Paul O'Brien is the actor of Lane.
Charlotte Parry is the actor of Cecily.
David Furr is the actor of Jack.
Sara Topham is the actor of Gwendolen.
John Gambril Nicholson publishs Oscar Wilde.
Oscar Wilde corresponds Lord Alfred Douglas.
Sir Donald Sinden disputes Lady Bracknell.
Aleister Crowley suggests Oscar Wilde.
William Henry Shirley Bunbury is the possible origin of 'bunbury ' of Oscar Wilde.
Sir John Arthur John Gielgud consults Oscar Wilde.
Oscar Wilde creates Lady Bracknell.
Oscar Wilde creates Algernon.
Oscar Wilde creates Jack.
Oscar Wilde creates Dr. Chasuble.
Oscar Wilde creates Miss Prism.
Los Angeles Philharmonic commissions Barbican Centre.
Los Angeles Philharmonic is the premiere of Nancy.
Opéra National De Lorraine is the premiere followed by of Jacques Anatole Francois Thibault.
Bbc is the adaptation of Hesketh Pearson.
Bbc is the adaptation of Jack Worthing.
Bbc is the adaptation of Fabia Sir Francis Drake.
Bbc is the adaptation of Richard Pasco.
Bbc is the adaptation of Jeremy Clyde.
Bbc is the adaptation of Maurice Denham.
Bbc is the adaptation of Sylvia Coleridge.
Bbc is the adaptation of Barbara Leigh.
Bbc is the adaptation of Prunella.
Radio Tetrad is the adaptation of Glyn Dearman.
Radio Tetrad is the adaptation of Judi Dench.
Radio Tetrad is the adaptation of Michael Hordern.
Radio Tetrad is the adaptation of Dino Paul Crocetti Clunes.
Radio Tetrad is the adaptation of John Moffatt.
Radio Tetrad is the adaptation of Miriam Margolyes.
Radio Tetrad is the adaptation of Samantha Bond Paper.
Radio Tetrad is the adaptation of Amanda Root.
Radio Tetrad is the adaptation of Catherine Howard Sir Humphrey Davy.
Radio Tetrad is the adaptation of Geraldine Mcewan.
Radio Tetrad is the adaptation of Paul Simon Russell Beale.
Radio Tetrad is the adaptation of Julian The Apostate Wadham.
Radio Tetrad is the adaptation of Geoffrey Palmer.
Radio Tetrad is the adaptation of Celia Imrie.
Radio Tetrad is the adaptation of Victoria Hamilton.
Radio Tetrad is the adaptation of Emma Henry Fielding.
Radio Tetrad is the adaptation of Domingo De Guzman Muldowney.
Bbc is the adaptation of Ian Carmichael.
Bbc is the adaptation of St. Patrick Macnee.
Bbc is the adaptation of Susannah House Of York.
Bbc is the adaptation of Fenella Henry Fielding.
Bbc is the adaptation of Pamela Brownness.
Bbc is the adaptation of Irene Handl.
Bbc is the adaptation of Gilbert Charles Stuart Burge.
Bbc is the adaptation of Gemma Inigo Jones.
Bbc is the adaptation of Alec Mccowen.
Bbc is the adaptation of Paul Mcgann.
Bbc is the adaptation of Joan Plowright.
Bbc is the adaptation of Sir John Gielgud.
Bbc is the adaptation of Edith Herbert Mclean Evans.
Bbc is the adaptation of Roland Culver.
Bbc is the adaptation of Jean Cadell.
Bbc is the adaptation of Pamela Brownness.
Bbc is the adaptation of Celia Andrew Johnson.
Margaret Webster directs Maurice Arthur Evans.
Margaret Webster directs Lucile James Watson.
Margaret Webster directs Mildred Natwick.
California Creative Person Radio Dramatic Art features Dan O 'Herlihy.
California Creative Person Radio Dramatic Art features Jeanette Nolan.
California Creative Person Radio Dramatic Art features Le Tremayne.
California Creative Person Radio Dramatic Art features Richard Erdman.
L.A. Theatre Works features Charles Busch.
L.A. Theatre Works features Crush Marsters.
L.A. Theatre Works features Andrea Bowen.