= Daydream ( Mariah Carey album ) =


Daydream is the fifth studio album by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey , released on October 3 , 1995 , by Columbia Records . The follow @-@ up to her internationally successful album Music Box ( 1993 ) and holiday album Merry Christmas ( 1994 ) , Daydream differed from the two by leaning increasingly towards R & B and hip hop . Throughout the project , Carey collaborated with Walter Afanasieff , with whom she wrote and produced most of her two previous albums . With Daydream , Carey took more control over the musical direction as well as the album 's composition . Carey said she considered Daydream the beginning of her musical and vocal transformation , a change that became more apparent in her sixth album Butterfly ( 1997 ) . During the album 's production , Carey endured many creative differences with her label and husband Tommy Mottola .

On Daydream , Carey collaborated with Jermaine Dupri for the first time , and co @-@ wrote and produced a song with Kenneth " Babyface " Edmonds , with whom she had collaborated on Music Box . It was also the first time she had worked with Boyz II Men , an R & B group consisting of four male vocalists . Together , they wrote the concept and lyrics for " One Sweet Day , " a song that Carey co @-@ produced with Afanasieff . With his assistance and the addition of a few contemporary producers , she was able to make a subtle transition into the R & B market . Daydream was nominated for six Grammy Awards at the 38th annual ceremony , during which Carey performed live . Due to the album 's critical and commercial success , critics believed Carey would be one of the night 's big winners . However , to her dismay , she was completely shut out , causing the subject to become very public and controversial . She left the annual ceremony empty @-@ handed .

Six singles were released from the album . Its lead single " Fantasy " became the first single by a female artist to debut at number one on the US Billboard Hot 100 and went on to top the chart for eight weeks and became the second best @-@ selling single of 1995 in the country . The song topped the charts in Australia , Canada , and New Zealand and became a top @-@ five hit in Finland , France , and the United Kingdom . The second single " One Sweet Day " topped the Billboard Hot 100 for sixteen weeks and became the longest @-@ running number one single in American history , a record it still holds . It also topped the charts in Canada and New Zealand and peaked within the top five in Australia , France , Ireland and the Netherlands . Jointly , the singles from Daydream spent a combined six months at the top of the Hot 100 . To promote Daydream , Carey embarked on the short but successful , Daydream World Tour , visiting Japan and Europe .

At the time of its release , Daydream became Carey 's best @-@ reviewed album . Critics universally praised her matured lyrics and songwriting , as well as her musical direction . The album became an international success , debuting at number one in nine different countries , and in the top five in almost every major music market . Daydream became Carey 's second album to be certified diamond by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) , denoting shipments of ten million copies in the United States . Aside from its success in the United States , the album made the top five of the best @-@ selling albums in Japan by a non @-@ Asian artist , with 2 @.@ 1 million copies sold . Daydream remains one of the best @-@ selling albums of all time , with 25 million copies sold worldwide .


= = Background = =


Aside from being Carey 's second highest worldwide seller , Daydream served as her most personal and directly influenced album at the time . During the album 's recording , Carey grew as an artist , as well as a writer . For the first time in her career , Carey was able to make music that she truly related to , R & B and hip hop . While Columbia allowed Carey more leniency with the music she recorded , they became hesitant when she featured Ol ' Dirty # # # # # # # in the remix for " Fantasy . " They feared the sudden change was completely left field for her music , and worried it would jeopardize the album 's success . In an interview with Entertainment Weekly , Carey openly spoke of her issues with Columbia : " Everybody was like ' What , are you crazy ? ' They 're nervous about breaking the formula . It works to have me sing a ballad on stage in a long dress with my hair up . "

While Carey 's new musical direction caused tension between her and Columbia , it began to severely strain her relationship with her husband at the time , Tommy Mottola . Mottola had always been involved in Carey 's career , because he was the head of Sony Music , the parent company of her label . Since the time of Carey 's debut , Mottola had controlled nearly every aspect of her career , keeping her sound carefully regulated and insisting that she continue recording middle @-@ of @-@ the @-@ road pop music , despite her interest in hip hop .

Carey confessed that she never tried to change the situation because " [ she ] used to be insecure and cautious , and so [ she ] would listen to what the people said . " However , the control Mottola exerted over her career soon " spilled into her personal life " once they were married , increasing the amount of conflict between the two . Soon , it was obvious that their marriage was in shambles ; as stated in a Vanity Fair article , " the couple began to argue at the drop of a hat . " Carey was very involved in the project , more so than she had ever been on an album . " I went into this phase of recording , recording , recording and doing it really fast , " she told Time . " This time , I had more time , and I focused more on what I wanted to do . " As Carey 's career and work continued to reflect her views on how it should sound , her marriage to Mottola continued to " deteriorate . "


= = Conception and composition = =


One of the first songs that was recorded for the album was " Fantasy . " While Carey began developing new ideas for Daydream , she thought of the song " Genius of Love " by Tom Tom Club . She had always been a fan of the song , and presented Dave Hall with the idea of sampling the song 's hook . Hall incorporated a groove that he felt complimented Carey 's voice , while she composed some of the other beats and wrote the lyrics . Carey recorded a remix to the song as well , featuring hip @-@ hop verses from O.D.B of the Wu @-@ Tang Clan , as well as production from Puffy . She spoke highly of the remix , complimenting Puffy and O.D.B , " He 's so known in the street , and he 's one of the best people out there ... we kind of did what we both do and having O.D.B took it to another level . He was my ultimate choice , so I was really happy with the way it turned out . " " One Sweet Day " was a song that Carey wrote with the R & B group Boyz II Men . After Carey 's friend and past collaborator David Cole died , she began writing and developing a song that would pay homage to him and all the friends and family her fans had lost along life 's journey . Carey had the chorus and concept composed , and after meeting with Boyz II Men , they realized they too had a similar idea in development . Together , using Carey 's chorus and idea , as well as the melody they had produced , they wrote and composed the song . It was produced by Afanasieff , who built on the song 's melody and added various grooves and beats . Carey expressed how the song was " meant to be " and how all the pieces fit into place :

I wrote the initial idea for ' One Sweet Day ' with Walter , and I had the chorus ... and I stopped and said , ' I really wanna do this with Boyz II Men , ' because ... obviously I 'm a big fan of theirs and I just thought that the work was crying out for them , the vocals that they do , so I put it away and said , ' Who knows if this could ever happen , but I just don 't wanna finish this song because I want it to be our song if we ever do it together . [ The ] whole idea of when you lose people that are close to you , it changes your life and changes your perspective . When they came into the studio , I played them the idea for the song and when [ it ] finished , they looked at each other , a bit stunned , and told me that Nat " Nathan Morris " had written a song for his road manager who had passed away . It had basically the same lyrics and fit over the same chord changes . It was really , really weird , we finished the song right then and there . We were all kinda flipped about it ourselves . Fate had a lot to do with that . I know some people won 't believe it , but we wouldn 't make up such a crazy story .

While the album 's development was underway , Carey expressed interest in working with Jermaine Dupri , whom she had been a fan of since his 1992 song , " Jump . " Soon after , Carey , Dupri , and Manuel Seal began composing a song for the album . As Seal played the piano , Carey began humming and playing with certain notes in the B @-@ section , until she came up with the chorus for " Always Be My Baby . " After the rest of the song was written and composed , Carey recorded the song alongside longtime background singers Kelly Price , Shanrae Price , and Melonie Daniels . Together , they built " a wall of background voices " in which she would cover with her final belting notes . The song featured a downbeat rhythm , while its composition was described as " sassy and soft R & B " which displayed a " sexy and slow jam . " " Underneath the Stars " was the first song recorded for Daydream . The song featured a " ' 70s soul vibe " as well as synthetic record scratches , in order to the give the song an authentic ' 70s sound . Carey felt the additions were simple steps taken to further display a contemporary R & B groove . Additionally , she felt the song paid homage to the style of Minnie Riperton , who was one of Carey 's biggest vocal influences growing up . The song had a soft sound , and had " a lot [ sic ] of texture " and bass , showing a more creative side to Carey .

For the album , Carey covered the 1982 Journey song " Open Arms . " The song was of Carey 's personal choice , as well as her own idea . Together with Afanasieff , they toned down the song 's arrangement , making it a bit glossy , especially in comparison to the " raw and powerful ' One Sweet Day . ' " Additionally , with the help of her background singers , Carey added a touch of gospel to the song . One of the more gospel @-@ influenced songs on the album was " I Am Free . " The song was created by Carey , Afanasieff and Loris Holland , with whom she had worked previously on Merry Christmas . Carey began humming the melody with the lyrics she had already written , while Holland played the organ and Afanasieff worked on the song 's programming . , giving the song a genuine and unforced gospel feel . The chorus was sophisticated and natural , with each following line " cascading onto one another , " something that would have proved difficult for a " less skilled vocalist . " Carey started leaning away from the " standard Celine Dion ballad " and more towards R & B jams . However , she was not going to completely abandon the type of songs that made her famous . For this reason , Carey wrote " When I Saw You " with Afanasieff , a song that would truly embody some of her earlier work , as well as show off her powerful vocals . Returning to her R & B territory , Carey recorded " Long Ago " , the second song she wrote alongside Dupri and Seal which contains a strong hip hop background . Her vocals in the song were described as " sliding over the insistent bassline like silk . "

" Melt Away " was a song Carey produced on her own , and co @-@ wrote with Babyface . The song 's writing and production were " superb . " with each verse gliding into its chorus . According to Chris Nickson , " Underneath the Stars " was as " strong as any slow jam released in the nineties , and one that would find a lot of flavor late at night with dancers . " Another song that brought back reminders of older decades was " Forever . " The throwback was featured through the chord changes and in the way the guitar arpeggios " stayed at the forefront of the music . " The song displayed subtle vocals from Carey , as well as an undeniable richness . " Daydream Interlude ( Sweet Fantasy Dub Mix ) " was one of the liveliest tracks on the album . The song was a club remix of " Fantasy " , which was tuned and remixed by famed house music producer David Morales . The song was directed to be a dance @-@ club song , further broadening Carey 's " musical horizon . " The song incorporated Carey 's vocals , and added them to a thumping house beat , something he would do for many of her future singles . " Looking In " was the final song on the album . It was Carey 's most personal song at the time , one in which she let herself appear " naked " and " stripped down ; it was written by her and Afanasieff . " According to author Chris Nickson :

" [ The song ] reflected on her life now , the changes she 'd gone through , and the difference between the public perception of Mariah Carey and the real person . Intimate and revealing , it made an appropriate end to the album , and was evident that Mariah was growing , changing , and becoming much more herself , confident of who she was and what she could do . "


= = Critical reception = =


Daydream received universal acclaim at the time of its release . Reviews applauded the little changes of style from previous Carey releases , some of whom adding that it is her best record , while others dismissed it as soulless and lacking of originality . AllMusic 's senior editor , Stephen Thomas Erlewine , awarded the album four and a half out of five stars . Erlewine called Daydream her " best record yet " and wrote , " Mariah Carey certainly knows how to construct an album . Positioning herself directly between urban R & B with tracks like " Fantasy , " and the adult contemporary radio format with songs like " One Sweet Day , " a duet with Boyz II Men , Carey appeals to both audiences equally because of the sheer amount of craft and hard work she puts into her albums . Daydream is her best record to date , featuring a consistently strong selection of songs and a remarkably impassioned performance by Carey . Daydream demonstrates that Carey continues to perfect her craft , and that she has earned her status as an R & B / pop diva . " In his review for the album , Ken Tucker from Entertainment Weekly called Daydream " her best record since her 1990 debut " , writing , " in fact , it 's easily the best collection Carey has put out since her self @-@ titled 1990 debut , the album Daydream most resembles in its emphasis on R & B grooves . " Tucker specifically complimented " One Sweet Day " , " Always Be My Baby " , " Forever " , and " Daydream Interlude " ( Fantasy Sweet Dub Mix ) , writing " One Sweet Day , her collaboration with Boyz II Men , radiates a breezy sexiness that Carey , for all the brazen hussiness of her public persona , rarely permits herself to reveal in song . I like the relaxed swing of " Always Be My Baby " , and the brisk waltz tempo of Forever . However , it 's on what many Carey fans will probably find the most throwaway cut , " Daydream Interlude ( Fantasy Sweet Dub Mix ) " , that the singer really defines herself . At her best , as she is on this clipped , spunky track , Carey is a disco diva for the ' 90s , a worthy successor to trailblazing women like Donna Summer and Vicki Sue Robinson , R & B singers with an affinity for the endless groove . "

Stephen Holden , editor of The New York Times , gave the album a positive review . Holden wrote the following regarding Daydream " Ms. Carey 's songwriting has taken a leap forward , becoming more relaxed , sexier , and less reliant on thudding cliches . " Holden praised " Fantasy " , which he wrote " with ' Fantasy , ' Ms. Carey glides confidently into the territory where gospel @-@ flavored pop @-@ soul meets light hip @-@ hop and recorded some of the most gorgeously spun choral music to be found on a contemporary album . " Additionally , he complimented " One Sweet Day , " " Melt Away , " " Always Be My Baby " , and " Underneath the Stars " , calling them " the best on the album " . People gave the album a positive review , calling it " her fourth and best album . " Additionally , People praised the album and its songs , writing " Daydream vaults over its pop predecessors because the material is both funkier and mellower . Carey also has better control of her instrument — her voice evincing greater muscularity and agility . She still pours it on a little thick at times when it comes to fervor , as on the midtempo ' Melt Away , ' which Carey co @-@ wrote with Babyface . For the most part she buzzes from strength to strength , from the bravura belting on ' One Sweet Day , ' a duet with Boyz II Men , to the rich gospel feel of ' I Am Free , ' which has a mood so churchy you can almost hear the ladies ' handheld fans snapping . " While the album was positively reviewed by critics , Carey 's cover of Journey 's 1982 song " Open Arms " was universally panned . Stephen Thomas Erlewine criticized the song , calling it " second rate " . " Open Arms " received a negative review from Stephen Holden as well , who called it a " sobbing remake " .


= = Chart performance = =


Daydream entered the Billboard 200 at number one , with 224 @,@ 000 copies sold , staying at the top spot the following week with 216 @,@ 000 copies sold , for a third consecutive week , it topped the charts with 170 @,@ 000 copies sold . It gained power again in the upcoming weeks of holiday sales where it peaked in the year 's last weeks with 486 @,@ 000 and 760 @,@ 000 units sold at the pinnacle . The album moved 760 @,@ 000 copies during the Christmas week of 1995 , the album 's highest sales week . It also reached number one on Top R & B / Hip @-@ Hop Albums chart . Daydream was the second best @-@ selling album of 1996 , and the eighteenth best @-@ selling album on the 1990s decade in the US . In the United States , Daydream became Carey 's best @-@ selling album , being certified diamond by the RIAA ( RIAA ) , denoting shipments of ten million copies .

In Canada , Daydream peaked at number two on the charts , and was certified seven @-@ times platinum by the Canadian Recording Industry Association ( CRIA ) . The album experienced success in Europe , where it reached number one in Germany , The Netherlands , Switzerland and the United Kingdom . In France , Daydream peaked at number two and was certified double @-@ platinum by the Syndicat National de l 'Édition Phonographique ( SNEP ) . Sales in France are estimated at 800 @,@ 000 copies . Daydream was certified triple @-@ platinum by the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry ( IFPI ) , denoting shipments of three million copies throughout Europe in 1996 .

In Australia , Daydream was certified five @-@ times platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association ( ARIA ) , denoting shipments of 350 @,@ 000 copies . The album finished ninth on the ARIA End of Year Charts in both 1995 and 1996 . In Japan , the album debuted at number one on the Oricon charts . According to the Oricon , Daydream made the top five of the best @-@ selling albums in Japan by a non @-@ Asian artist , with 2 @.@ 5 million copies sold . Daydream remains one of the best @-@ selling albums of all time , with sales of 25 million copies worldwide .


= = Singles = =


Six singles were released from Daydream . " Fantasy " was released as the album 's lead single on September 12 , 1995 . The song debuted at number one on the Billboard Hot 100 , making Carey the first female artist , and the second performer ever to accomplish the feat . The song spent eight consecutive weeks atop the chart , as well as topping the charts in Australia , Canada and New Zealand . In Europe , " Fantasy " performed well , peaking within the top five in Belgium , Finland , France , and the United Kingdom . " Fantasy " was the second best @-@ selling single of 1995 in the US , with sales of 1 @.@ 5 million in 95 ' alone . " One Sweet Day " was chosen as the follow @-@ up single , achieving similar success . The song once again debuted at the top of the US charts , and became the longest running number one single in US history , spending sixteen consecutive weeks atop the Billboard charts . The song became a success in other regions around the world as well , topping the charts in Canada and New Zealand and peaked within the top five in Australia , France , Ireland , and The Netherlands . Serving as the album 's third single in select European countries , " Open Arms " was released on December 5 , 1995 . The song achieved success in the UK , Ireland and New Zealand , where it peaked at number four , seven and eight . However , " Open Arms " charted weakly in other European countries , such as Belgium , France , and Germany , where it charted outside the top @-@ thirty .

" Always Be My Baby " was released as the fourth single . The song debuted at number two on the Hot 100 , failing to become Carey 's third number one debut ( a feat she would accomplish with " Honey " in 1997 ) . The song eventually reached and stayed atop the charts for two weeks , and then kept steady at number two for nine weeks . " Always Be My Baby " performed moderately in other major markets . The song peaked within the top five in Canada , New Zealand and the UK , but charted outside the top @-@ ten elsewhere . " Forever " was chosen as the fifth single from Daydream . The song was ineligible to chart in the Hot 100 , but managed to crack the top @-@ ten on the Hot 100 airplay chart . " Forever " charted well in Canada , where it peaked at number thirteen . " Underneath the Stars " was chosen as the sixth and final single from the album . Described by Carey as one of her favorite songs , " Underneath the Stars " received a limited number of pressings in the US , where it charted weakly on the Billboard Hot R & B / Hip @-@ Hop Songs .


= = Promotion = =


In order to promote the album , Carey embarked on her second head @-@ lining tour . Originally , she had not planned to tour , due to the long travel times and hassle ; however , after many requests from fans , Carey agreed to tour . The tour reached Japan and select European countries , not visiting the United States . This was possibly due to the mixed reception Carey 's 1993 North American Music Box Tour received three years prior . The shows were all spaced apart , giving Carey time to rest her vocals , " It 's very strenuous to sing all my songs back to back , but I 'm actually really looking forward to it . " Many musicians joined Carey for the tour , including Randy Jackson who served as the musical director and played the bass , Dan Shea on the keyboards , Vernon Black playing the guitar , Gigi Conway on the drums , and percussion and music sequencing by Peter Michael and Gary Cirimelli . All of the musicians and background vocalists were under the supervision of Walter Afanasieff , who played the piano and guided the production . Before embarking on her world tour in 1996 , Carey performed a sold @-@ out show at Madison Square Garden in 1995 . The performance was filmed , and released as a DVD titled Fantasy : Mariah Carey at Madison Square Garden . It became Carey 's fourth video release .

When the three Japanese shows at the Tokyo Dome went on sale , Carey set a record after all 150 @,@ 000 tickets sold out under three hours . The shows became the fastest sellout in the stadium 's history , breaking the previous record held by The Rolling Stones . The shows in Japan were a critical and commercial success , with critics and fans raving about the show and Carey 's vocals . Carey 's presence in Asia in the 90s was unparalleled to any other international artist . Her international success and anticipation was even compared to the " Beatlemania " in the 1960s . In an interview with MTV , Carey spoke of how she felt performing in Asia :

" First of all , you 're in front of so many people that basically don 't speak your language . It took a little getting used to , but I think by the end of the show , you know , everybody started to kind of relax . "

For the show , Carey sang fourteen original songs , including many of her biggest hits up until that point , as well as many songs from Daydream . They included " Fantasy , " " One Sweet Day , " " Open Arms , " " Always Be My Baby , " " Forever " and " Underneath the Stars " as well as hits from her previous studio efforts . Carey 's following shows in France , Germany , The Netherlands and the United Kingdom were all sold @-@ out as well , receiving warm critical response . During the span of the tour 's seven short dates , Carey had already begun working on concepts for her new album Butterfly . According to author Marc Shapiro , Carey 's European tour was truly a success , in many aspects :

" The European tour mirrored the success of her shows in Japan . Mariah 's appearances overseas were heartening experiences for the singer . The popularity – indeed , mania – surrounding her shows in these countries reached massive proportions . The reception the concerts received reflected the fact that Mariah 's music cut through race and language barriers and had struck at a universal , emotional core with fans . The tour cemented the fact that Mariah Carey had arrived as the performing centerpiece on the world stage . "

In addition to touring the world , Carey performed on a variety of television programs and award shows . After " Fantasy " was released in September throughout Europe , Carey performed the song on the popular British chart show Top of the Pops , which aired live via satellite on Asian television . Carey performed " Fantasy " in France and at the 23rd Annual American Music Awards on January 29 , 1996 . " One Sweet Day " was performed at the 38th Annual Grammy Awards , Princess Diana 's memorial service in September 1997 , and at Carey 's Black Entertainment Television Christmas special in 2001 . During her European promotional tour for the album , Carey performed " Open Arms " on various television programs , including Wetten , dass .. ? in Germany , Top of the Pops and Des O 'Connor in the United Kingdom and on Swedish television .


= = Awards and accolades = =


The music industry took note of Carey 's success . She won two awards at the 1996 American Music Awards for her solo efforts : Favorite Pop / Rock Female Artist and Favorite Soul / R & B Female Artist . Throughout 1995 & 1996 , Carey was awarded various prestigious awards at the World Music Awards , including " World 's Best Selling Female R & B Artist " , " World 's Best Selling Overall Female Recording Artist , " " World 's Best Selling Pop Artist " and " World 's Best Selling Overall Recording Artist . " Additionally , " Fantasy " was named " Song of the Year " at the BMI Awards and " Favorite Song " at the Blockbuster Entertainment Awards , where Carey also won the award for " Top Pop Female . " In 1996 , Carey won many awards at the Billboard Music Awards , including " Hot 100 Singles Artist of the Year " , " Hot 100 Airplay ( Always Be My Baby ) , " " Hot Adult Contemporary Artist of the Year " and " Special Award for 16 weeks at # 1 for ' One Sweet Day . ' "


= = = Grammy controversy = = =


Daydream was proven to be one of the best @-@ selling and most acclaimed albums of 1995 . When the Grammy Award nominees were announced , and Daydream was nominated for six different awards , critics began raving how it would be " cleaning up " that year . The 38th Annual Grammy Awards were held on February 28 , 1996 at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles . Carey , being a multiple award nominee , was one of the headlining performers . Together with Boyz II Men , she sang a live rendition of " One Sweet Day , " to a very positive response . However , as the award winners were announced one by one , Carey watched as her name was not called up even once . Daydream had lost all of its six nominations , shocking most critics who branded it the " album of the year " . With every passing loss , the television cameras continued to zoom on Carey 's face , who was finding it more difficult to retain her smile . By the end of the night , Carey had not won a single award . The disappointment on her face was painfully obvious . While Carey was nominated again the following year , she did not perform again until the 2006 ceremony , when she was nominated for eight awards ( winning three ) for The Emancipation of Mimi .


= = Music videos = =


Carey directed the music video for " Fantasy " . Additionally , she chose the concept and created the idea . The video featured Carey in roller @-@ blades , blading through a theme @-@ park , while enjoying different rides and roller coasters . The video then cut into scenes of Carey dancing on top of a car , celebrating an event with many friends . Carey said her inspiration for the video was to give off a " free and open feeling , " trying to portray the freedom she had finally achieved in being allowed to direct her first video . The video for " Fantasy " debuted on September 7 , at the " MTV Video Music Awards . " Carey expressed how much she enjoyed the video 's filming , speaking about the " roller @-@ coaster scenes " :

" They did not expect me to get that shot ! They were saying , ' How 's she going to sing on a roller coaster ? ... We put a little speaker on the bottom of the car , where my feet where . We built the rig in front of the roller coaster and the lens kept falling off ! "

When Carey and Boyz II Men got together to record " One Sweet Day , " they didn 't have enough time to re @-@ unite and film a video . For this reason , a filming crew was present during the song 's recording , and filmed bits of Carey and Boyz recording the song . In an interview with Fred Bronson , Walter Afanasieff made the following statements regarding the video for " One Sweet Day " :

" It was crazy ! They had film crews and video guys , while I 'm at the board trying to produce . And these guys were running around having a ball , because Mariah and them are laughing and screaming and they 're being interviewed . And I 'm tapping people on the shoulder . " We 've got to get to the microphone ! " They 're gone in a couple of hours , so I recorded everything they did , praying that it was enough . "

The video for " Always Be My Baby " was once again filmed by Carey . It featured Carey swinging on a swing in the middle of a dark meadow , showing her frolicking through the woodlands . The video was set as a " peaceful and relaxing " setting , in order to try to reflect the sweet and mellow song 's message . " Forever " , the album 's fifth single , was the final song to be accompanied by a music video . Carey 's label used footage from her live performances of the song in New York City and Japan and compiled them into a video . On February 11 , 2012 , Carey revealed through her Twitter account that a music video for " Underneath the Stars " was actually recorded . Filming sessions occurred in England and France ; Carey commented , however , that it " never got released and I don 't know where it is ! "


= = Track listing = =


Notes

Track listing and credits from album booklet .

" Fantasy " contains a sample of " Genius of Love " by Tom Tom Club .


= = Album credits = =



= = Charts = =



= = Certifications = =



