= Lágrimas Cálidas =


Lágrimas Cálidas ( English : Warm Tears ) is the debut studio album by Colombian recording artist Fanny Lu , released on January 1 , 2005 . The record contains ten tracks , most of which were composed by Jose Gaviria , and produced with Andres Munera . Musically , the album experiments with tropipop , which is composed of the genres of vallenato , merengue , and pop music . Recording for the album took place in 2004 in three cities : Miami , Bogota and Medellin . An international version of the album , containing two remixes , was released exclusively in United States , Spain and Colombia .

The album was certified gold in Colombia , Venezuela and Ecuador and ranked number thirteen on the Billboard Tropical Albums chart in the United States . The album earned Lu many accolades , including a Latin Grammy nomination , five Billboard Latin Music Awards nominations , and three Premios Shock nominations , winning two . Three singles were released from the record , two of which , " No Te Pido Flores " and " Y Si Te Digo " , reached number one on the Billboard Tropical Songs chart .


= = Background = =


While studying for a degree in engineering at the University of Los Andes in 1994 , Fanny Lu began her career in the entertainment industry as a host for shows such as Locomotora , Siempre Música , and Radio Hits y Bailoteca . As a host on Locomotora , she was given the opportunity to work with musicians such as Luis Manuel Díaz , Gil Magno , and Cesar Franco . She met Colombian producer , Jose Gaviria , during her career in television , and they began working on a musical project , but the production was halted , because Fanny was busy in her television career . Eight years later , she reunited with Gaviria to finish this recording . Her experience as a television host led to her signing a music deal with Universal Music Latino . Her first album under that agreement was Lágrimas Cálidas , which was released in Colombia on January 1 , 2005 .


= = Composition = =


Lágrimas Cálidas was produced by Jose Gaviria and Andres Munera . It was recorded at Crescent Moon Studios and Big Dog Studios in Miami , New World Studios in Bogota and Promix Estudios in Medellin . The genre of the album is defined as Tropipop , because it mixes tropical genres such as vallenato and merengue with pop and Caribbean influences . The album opens with " No Te Pido Flores " ( " I 'm Not Requesting Flowers " ) , where the predominant instruments are the accordion , guitar and caja vallenata . Lyrically , the song begins with the absence of her man , but then , in the chorus , transitions into a warning not to fall in love with material things . The second track , " Lágrimas Cálidas " ( " Warm Tears " ) , is a vallenato @-@ stylized pop ballad , expressing her suffering due to being abandoned by her lover . " Te Arrepentiras " ( " You 'll Regret " ) , is about a woman who surrendered completely to a man who did not appreciate her .

" Solo Quiero " ( " Only Want " ) begins with an accordion solo , and is a song explaining to her lover that she only wants to be with him forever , because with him all the things in life are more beautiful . The fifth track , " Cariñito " ( " Sweetie " ) , describes her need for the affection of the person she loves , and her desire to remedy the void left in her heart . " Sin Razones " ( " Without Reasons " ) , express the reasons why she should not have to prove her love , while " Y Si Te Digo " ( " And If I Tell You " ) , tells of her desire to confess her love to the person who doesn 't know she loves him . " Es Por Ti " ( " It Is For You " ) is a poem describing the strength of an all @-@ encompassing love . The penultimate track , " Para Que Si Tu No Estas " ( " For That If You Aren 't " ) , asks her boyfriend whether or not she should suffer for him . The eleventh and final track of the album , " Me Acordare de Ti " ( " I Will Remember You " ) , expresses that everything she feels , sees , and perceives , reminds her of her beloved .


= = Reception = =


The album was certified gold in Colombia , Venezuela and Ecuador . In the United States , the album debuted at number 18 on the Billboard Tropical Albums chart , peaking three weeks later at number 13 . Lágrimas Cálidas was generally well received . At the Colombian Premios Shock , it won the category of Radio Album , as well as winning best Radio Song for " No Te Pido Flores " . At the 15th Latin Billboard Music Awards , the album was nominated for two awards : Tropical Album of the Year for a Female Artist and Best New Artist . At the 2007 Latin Grammy Awards , " No Te Pido Flores " received a nomination for Best Tropical Song , but lost to " La Llave De Mi Corazón " , by Juan Luis Guerra .


= = Singles = =


" No Te Pido Flores " was the first single from the album , released in 2005 . The song was a success in Latin America , reaching number one in Colombia , Ecuador , Perú and Venezuela . In the United States , it also reached number one on the Billboard Latin Tropical Airplay chart . It was nominated for two Billboard Latin Music Awards and a Latin Grammy for Best Tropical Song . " No Te Pido Flores " has two music videos , one recorded in Lake Guatavita , Sesquilé , Colombia , and the international version , which was recorded in the Plaza Moreno in La Plata , Argentina .

Unlike " No Te Pido Flores " , the album 's second single , " Te Arrepentirás " , was released after the release of Lágrimas Cálidas in Latin America . The third and final single , " Y Si Te Digo " , was released on May 27 , 2007 . In Latin America , the song did not have the same success as the first single , but in the United States , the song hit number one on Billboard 's Hot Latin Songs chart and Billboard 's Tropical Airplay chart . The song won a Billboard Latin Music Award for Best Tropical Airplay for a new artist .


= = Track listing = =



= = Credits and personnel = =


The following credits are from Allmusic :

Performance credits

Technical credits


= = Charts = =



= = Certifications = =



= = Release history = =



