= Christine Hakim =


Herlina Christine Natalia Hakim ( born 25 December 1956 ) , also known by the popular name Christine Hakim , is an Indonesian actress , film producer , and activist . Born to a devout Muslim family of a mixed @-@ race background in Jambi , she grew up in Yogyakarta , aspiring to be an architect or psychologist . This changed after she was discovered by Teguh Karya for his 1973 movie Cinta Pertama , a role which garnered her a Citra Award for Best Actress and convinced her to follow a career in acting . Since then , she has starred in numerous films , including 1977 's Badai Pasti Berlalu and 1988 's Tjoet Nja ' Dhien ; she also had a minor role in the 2010 Hollywood movie Eat Pray Love . As of 2011 , she has won six Citra Awards , received a lifetime achievement award from the Cinemanila International Film Festival , and served as a member of the jury at the Cannes Film Festival

Hakim began branching out from acting in 1998 , beginning with roles as producer of Daun di Atas Bantal and Pasir Berbisik and eventually spreading to documentary film @-@ making and an activist for education and autism . Beginning in 2008 , she has served as Indonesia 's goodwill ambassador to UNESCO , focusing on educational issues .


= = Biography = =


Hakim was born in Kuala Tungkal , Jambi on 25 December 1956 , but grew up in Yogyakarta . She is of mixed descent , with her relatives coming from Padang , Aceh , Banten , Pekalongan , Madiun , and the Middle East ; this caused her to question her identity as a child and teenager . Despite being devout Muslims , her parents named her Christine and Natalia because she was born on Christmas Day .

Originally , Hakim did not intend to be an actress , but an architect or psychologist . However , she was cast in Teguh Karya 's 1973 film Cinta Pertama after he saw pictures of her modelling in a magazine ; despite only modelling to help her friend and not wanting to act , she was unable to decline Karya 's request for fear of being impolite to such a " warm and friendly " person . She later described Karya as having " reeled [ her ] in , slowly , slowly , like a fisherma , " and considered leaving acting after wrapping up filming . Her work in Cinta Pertama garnered her a Citra Award for Best Actress , which convinced her to continue acting . Karya later told her that he had fought with his producer over her casting ; the producer expressed concern that Hakim was " too thin and had no chest , " to which Karya replied " are we selling a film or are we selling breasts ? "

The following year , Hakim starred in another Karya @-@ directed film , Kawin Lari ( Elope ) . The experience gave her a greater understanding of acting , causing her to " see life from a different perspective in studying [ her ] character . " It was followed by a role in 1976 's Sesuatu yang Indah ( Something Beautiful ) , directed by Wim Umboh . Sesuatu yang Indah was the first film in which Hakim used her own voice ; her voice had been dubbed by Titi Qadarsih in previous movies ; Hakim 's own voice had been considered " too heavy . " The next year , she starred in Badai Pasti Berlalu , appearing on the poster and the cover of the soundtrack album .

Hakim presented 14 Indonesian films at the Nantes Three Continents Festival in November 1983 ; she had acted in half of them . Two years later she became an observer at the Cannes Film Festival , striking up a working relationship with Pierre Risient , who later assisted her in bringing her films to Cannes .

One of these was Eros Djarot 's 1988 film Tjoet Nja ' Dhien , in which Hakim was cast as Acehnese guerilla leader Cut Nyak Dhien . It won the 1989 Cannes Film Festival award for Best International Film , being screened in Le Semaine de Critique . Hakim later described the role as a " huge honour " and " very challenging " ; she has credited the role for answering her questions on her identity . The film later became Indonesia 's submission to the 62nd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film .

Hakim screened her first work as a producer , Daun di Atas Bantal ( Leaf on a Pillow ) during Un Certain Regard at Cannes ten years later . When producing the film , she chose young director Garin Nugroho , whom she perceived to be highly talented ; she also took the leading role . During production , she made a mistake that required the reshooting of all footage . In an attempt to cut expenses , she had saved all cans of exposed film to send to the developing lab at once ; the lab then notified her that a technical fault with the camera had rendered all of it unusable and that the problem could have been detected earlier had she sent each can as it was filmed .

Another production , 2001 's Pasir Berbisik ( Whispering Sands ) , went more smoothly . The film , which Hakim co @-@ produced and played the leading role , was screened at the Deauville Asian Film Festival . The following year she was appointed to the jury of the Cannes Film Festival , along with Michelle Yeoh . In 2005 she received a special tribute during the opening ceremony of the 7th Deauville Asian Film Festival .

In 2003 , Hakim began work with RCTI and Metro TV on the TV show Untukmu Guru ( For You , Teacher ) . Five years later , Hakim was selected Indonesia ’ s voluntary goodwill ambassador for UNESCO ; she has used the position to promote education , push for education reforms in Indonesia , and promote disaster relief programs in South @-@ East Asia .

Hakim 's first Hollywood experience came in 2010 , Hakim played Wayan , a Balinese jamu seller , alongside Julia Roberts in Eat Pray Love . Arriving in Bali three days before shooting , she found herself rushed to read the script , be fitted , and rid herself of her green hair . She met with the person her character was based on to prepare for her role . That same year , Hakim accepted a FIAPF Award for her " outstanding achievements " ; she compared the award to Viagra , saying that it " make [ s ] [ her ] stronger to satisfy [ audiences ] " .

Hakim is also a documentary filmmaker . She has made a documentary on the Indonesian UNESCO World Heritage Sites , and in 2011 produced a documentary on autism to " educate the public " that was released to coincide with World Autism Awareness Day . As of May 2011 , she is producing a documentary on the Dayak people of Kalimantan . She is considering making a fiction film based on their culture .


= = Activism = =


Beginning in the early 2000s , Hakim became an activist , with a focus on education . After the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami , she went on numerous humanitarian trips to Aceh . She later founded the Christine Hakim feature , a foundation to promote public education about autism . She has urged the government to eliminate misconceptions regarding autism , calling the refusal to accept autistic students in public schools " a violation of human rights " .


= = Personal life = =


In 2000 , Hakim married Dutchman Jeroen Lezer , a film producer , writer and actor . They currently live in Cibubur East Jakarta with Hakim 's mother and adopted daughter Shena ; Bruce Emond of The Jakarta Post describes her home as being " like a lush secret garden amid the creeping suburbia " .

Hakim generally avoids discussing her personal life with the press and is unwilling to discuss topics that are not of public interest . In 1992 she said that " 90 percent of the journalists here aren 't interested in [ her ] films , they just want to know about [ her ] private life . "


= = Legacy = =


Hakim has been described as the " grande dame of Indonesian cinema " as well as " Indonesia ’ s foremost actress " . She has also received a lifetime achievement award at the Cinemanila International Film Festival .

Hakim has received several awards for her films :

Citra Award for Best Leading Actress , for Cinta Pertama ( 1973 )

Citra Award for Best Leading Actress , for Sesuatu Yang Indah ( 1976 )

Citra Award for Best Leading Actress , for Pengemis dan Tukang Becak ( 1978 )

Citra Award for Best Leading Actress , for Di Balik Kelambu ( 1982 )

Citra Award for Best Leading Actress , for Kerikil @-@ Kerikil Tajam ( 1984 )

Citra Award for Best Leading Actress , for Tjoet Nja ' Dhien ( 1988 )

Best Actress at Asia Pacific International Film Festival

Hakim has refused a position on the Asia Pacific Screen Awards numerous times , due to being unable to reconcile her schedule with the awards .


= = Filmography = =


Cinta Pertama ( First Love ; 1973 ) ( awarded Citra FFI 1974 , Surabaya )

Atheis ( Atheist ; 1974 )

Ranjang Pengantin ( Wedding Bed ; 1974 )

Kawin Lari ( Elope ; 1975 )

Si Doel Anak Modern ( Doel the Modern Child ; 1976 )

Sesuatu yang Indah ( Something Beautiful ; 1977 ) ( awarded Citra FFI 1977 , Jakarta )

Badai Pasti Berlalu ( The Storm Will Surely Pass ; 1977 )

Petualang @-@ Petualang ( Wanderers ; 1977 )

Pengemis dan Tukang Becak ( The Beggar and the Pedicab Driver ; 1978 ) ( awarded Citra FFI 1979 , Palembang )

Dr. Siti Pertiwi ( 1980 )

Seputih Hatinya , Semerah Bibirnya ( As White as the Heart , as Red as the Lips ; 1982 )

Di Balik Kelambu ( Behind the Screen ; 1982 ) ( awarded Citra FFI 1983 , Medan )

Ponirah Terpidana ( Ponirah is Convicted ; 1984 )

Kerikil @-@ Kerikil Tajam ( Sharp Pebbles ; 1984 ) ( awarded Citra FFI 1985 , Bandung )

Tjoet Nja ' Dhien ( 1988 ) ( awarded Citra FFI )

Nemuru Otoko - Japan ( 1994 ) ( The Sleeping Man ; 1994 )

De Gordel van Smaragd - Netherlands ( 1997 ) ( The Tropic of Emerald ; 1997 )

Daun di Atas Bantal ( Leaf on a Pillow ; 1998 )

Pasir Berbisik ( Whispering Sands ; 2001 )

Merantau ( Find Oneself ; 2009 )

Jamila dan Sang Presiden ( Jamila and the President ; 2009 )

Eat Pray Love ( 2010 )

Sang Kiai ( 2013 ) ( The Clerics ; 2013 )

Pendekar Tongkat Emas ( 2014 ) ( The Golden Cane Warrior ; 2014 )

De Reis - Netherlands ( Short ) ( 2014 ) ( The Journey ; 2014 )

Guru Bangsa HOS Tjokroaminoto ( 2014 ) ( HOS Tjokroaminoto : Teacher of the People ; 2014 )


