= Hurricane Tanya ( 1995 ) =


Hurricane Tanya was the final storm of the very active 1995 Atlantic hurricane season . The twenty @-@ first tropical cyclone , nineteenth named storm , and eleventh hurricane of the season , Tanya developed from a tropical wave while well north of the Lesser Antilles on October 26 . The system headed northeastward and strengthened into Tropical Storm Tanya on October 27 . Tanya meandered around the central Atlantic , and further intensified into a hurricane on October 29 . Thereafter , Tanya tracked northeastward before curving to the east @-@ northeast . After switching to an eastward direction , Tanya weakened to a tropical storm on November 1 . Later that day , Tanya passed through the Azores as it was transitioning into an extratropical cyclone .

Throughout the Azores , the extratropical remnants of Tanya produced high winds . As a result , extensive property damage occurred , which included destroyed or damaged houses , and sunken boats ; there were also reports of significant damage to agriculture . However , an exact damage toll figure in unknown . In addition , there was one fatality and several injuries .


= = Meteorological history = =


The origins of Hurricane Tanya were from a tropical wave that moved off the western coast of Africa in the middle of October . The wave closely followed the path of Tropical Storm Sebastien and was unable to develop in the tropical Atlantic as it moved westward . The system did not begin to become organized until October 25 while south @-@ southeast of Bermuda . However , the Dvorak technique was still unable to classify the system until October 26 as the low @-@ cloud swirl became better organized while moving northward in the central Atlantic . That evening , a closed circulation had formed , and it was classified as Tropical Depression Twenty @-@ One by the National Hurricane Center . On the morning of October 27 , it strengthened into a tropical storm , becoming the 19th as well as the final named storm of the season . Operationally , it was not declared a tropical cyclone until that point , when it was immediately declared Tropical Storm Tanya .

Immediately after becoming a tropical storm , the movement of Tanya became hindered by a nearby upper @-@ level low , and it quickly turned eastward before virtually stalling early on October 28 . The upper @-@ level low also influenced Tanya in giving it some subtropical characteristics , including a comma @-@ shaped cloud band and maximum winds far from the center of the storm at the time . Despite that , the storm gradually strengthened as it remained over warm waters of about 81 ° F ( 27 ° C ) . That afternoon , it gained full tropical characteristics , as an eye featured was beginning to form in the central dense overcast . The eye became clearly defined , although it was small in size . Early on October 29 , Tropical Storm Tanya was upgraded to a hurricane , the eleventh of the 1995 season , as it turned northward in response to the nearby low .

Later on October 29 , while slowly tracking north , Tanya leveled off as a low @-@ end Category 1 hurricane . By the next morning , a cold front to the west forced Tanya to accelerate in a more easterly track . It remained fairly well organized with a distinct eye as it became wedged in a narrow zone of warm air between the cold front to the west and the upper @-@ level low to the northeast . Despite slightly cooler water , Tanya strengthened a bit more that afternoon , reaching its peak intensity of 85 mph ( 135 km / h ) with a barometric pressure of 972 mbar ( 28 @.@ 7 inHg ) as the forward speed increased . That intensity was maintained until late on October 31 , when Tanya began to weaken as it traveled over cooler waters and the eye became obscured . Early on November 1 , Tanya began to lose tropical characteristics while still a hurricane . Hurricane Tanya was also heading rapidly northeast towards the Azores at the time . Tanya was downgraded from a hurricane to a tropical storm on November 1 . Despite weakening , the wind field of Tanya became larger . That evening , Tanya was declared fully extratropical as it passed the Azores . The remnant cyclone turned north , before being absorbed by another extratropical cyclone early on November 3 .


= = Impact , naming and records = =


Hurricane Tanya was not considered a threat to land , as it did not move through the Azores while a tropical cyclone . The Azores were hit very hard by the storm , which had just been declared extratropical when it hit the region . Damage was particularly severe on the islands of Faial , Pico , Terceira and São Jorge . Extensive property damage was reported , including many sunk boats , many houses were damaged and some destroyed and significant agricultural damage . Many trees and power lines were also knocked down , cutting electricity and hampering communications in the area . The highest wind gusts reported in the Azores were around 105 mph ( 170 km / h ) . After the storm , a resolution was submitted to the European Parliament by the Government of Portugal and a disaster area was declared in the islands . One Spanish fisherman drowned and several people were injured .

There were many reports of tropical storm @-@ force winds from ships in the north Atlantic . One ship , with the call sign GBSA , encountered Tanya 's winds twice and reported the strongest winds from any ship , 71 mph ( 112 km / h ) .

Hurricane Tanya was the first storm to be designated with a name starting with " T " since naming of Atlantic tropical cyclones began in 1950 .


