= Nerva =


Nerva ( Latin : Marcus Cocceius Nerva Caesar Augustus ; 8 November , 30 AD – 27 January , 98 AD ) was Roman Emperor from 96 to 98 . Nerva became Emperor at the age of sixty @-@ five , after a lifetime of imperial service under Nero and the rulers of the Flavian dynasty . Under Nero , he was a member of the imperial entourage and played a vital part in exposing the Pisonian conspiracy of 65 . Later , as a loyalist to the Flavians , he attained consulships in 71 and 90 during the reigns of Vespasian and Domitian respectively .

On 18 September 96 , Domitian was assassinated in a palace conspiracy involving members of the Praetorian Guard and several of his freedmen . On the same day , Nerva was declared emperor by the Roman Senate . This was the first time the Senate elected a Roman Emperor . As the new ruler of the Roman Empire , he vowed to restore liberties which had been curtailed during the autocratic government of Domitian .

Nerva 's brief reign was marred by financial difficulties and his inability to assert his authority over the Roman army . A revolt by the Praetorian Guard in October 97 essentially forced him to adopt an heir . After some deliberation Nerva adopted Trajan , a young and popular general , as his successor . After barely fifteen months in office , Nerva died of natural causes on 27 January 98 . Upon his death he was succeeded and deified by Trajan .

Although much of his life remains obscure , Nerva was considered a wise and moderate emperor by ancient historians . Nerva 's greatest success was his ability to ensure a peaceful transition of power after his death , thus founding the Nerva – Antonine dynasty .


= = Early career = =



= = = Family = = =


Marcus Cocceius Nerva was born in the village of Narni , 50 kilometers north of Rome , to the family of Marcus Cocceius Nerva , Suffect Consul in 40 , and Sergia Plautilla . Ancient sources report the date as either 30 or 35 . He had at least one attested sister , named Cocceia , who married Lucius Salvius Titianus Otho , the brother of the future Emperor Otho .

Like Vespasian , the founder of the Flavian dynasty , Nerva was a member of the Italian nobility rather than one of the elite of Rome . Nevertheless , the Cocceii were among the most esteemed and prominent political families of the late Republic and early Empire , attaining consulships in each successive generation . The direct ancestors of Nerva on his father 's side , all named Marcus Cocceius Nerva , were associated with imperial circles since the time of Emperor Augustus ( 27 BC – AD 14 ) .

His great @-@ grandfather was Consul in 36 BC ( in replacement , and abdicated ) , and Governor of Asia in the same year . His grandfather became Consul Suffect in July of either 21 or 22 , and was known as a personal friend of Emperor Tiberius ( AD 14 – 37 ) , accompanying the emperor during his voluntary seclusion on Capri from 23 onwards , dying in 33 . Nerva 's father , finally , attained the consulship in 40 under emperor Caligula ( 37 – 41 ) . The Cocceii were connected with the Julio @-@ Claudian dynasty through the marriage of Sergia Plautilla 's brother Octavius Laenas , and Rubellia Bassa , the great @-@ granddaughter of Tiberius .


= = = Imperial service = = =


Not much of Nerva 's early life or career is recorded , but it appears he did not pursue the usual administrative or military career . He was praetor @-@ elect in the year 65 and , like his ancestors , moved in imperial circles as a skilled diplomat and strategist . As an advisor to Emperor Nero , he successfully helped detect and expose the Pisonian conspiracy of 65 . Exactly what his contribution to the investigation was is not known but his services must have been considerable , since they earned him rewards equal to those of Nero 's guard prefect Tigellinus . He received triumphal honors — which was usually reserved for military victories — and the right to have his statues placed throughout the palace .

According to the contemporary poet Martial , Nero also held Nerva 's literary abilities in high esteem , hailing him as the " Tibullus of our time " . Another prominent member of Nero 's entourage was Vespasian , an old and respected general who had celebrated military triumphs during the 40s . It appears Vespasian befriended Nerva during his time as an imperial advisor , and may have asked him to watch over Vespasian 's youngest son Domitian when Vespasian departed for the Jewish war in 67 .

The suicide of Nero on 9 June 68 brought the Julio @-@ Claudian dynasty to an end , leading to the chaotic Year of the Four Emperors , which saw the successive rise and fall of the emperors Galba , Otho and Vitellius , until the accession of Vespasian on 21 December 69 . Virtually nothing is known of Nerva 's whereabouts during 69 , but despite the fact that Otho was his brother @-@ in @-@ law , he appears to have been one of the earliest and strongest supporters of the Flavians .

For services unknown , he was rewarded with a consulship early in Vespasian 's reign in 71 . This was a remarkable honour , not only because he held this office early under the new regime , but also because it was an ordinary consulship ( instead of a less prestigious suffect consulship ) , making him one of the few non @-@ Flavians to be honoured in this way under Vespasian . After 71 Nerva again disappears from historical record , presumably continuing his career as an inconspicuous advisor under Vespasian ( 69 – 79 ) and his sons Titus ( 79 – 81 ) and Domitian ( 81 – 96 ) .

He re @-@ emerges during the revolt of Saturninus in 89 . On 1 January , 89 , the governor of Germania Superior , Lucius Antonius Saturninus , and his two legions at Mainz , Legio XIV Gemina and Legio XXI Rapax , revolted against the Roman Empire with the aid of a tribe of the Chatti . The governor of Germania Inferior , Lappius Maximus , moved to the region at once , assisted by the procurator of Rhaetia , Titus Flavius Norbanus . Within twenty @-@ four days the rebellion was crushed , and its leaders at Mainz savagely punished . The mutinous legions were sent to the front of Illyricum , while those who had assisted in their defeat were duly rewarded .

Domitian opened the year following the revolt by sharing the consulship with Nerva . Again , the honour suggested Nerva had played a part in uncovering the conspiracy , perhaps in a fashion similar to what he did during the Pisonian conspiracy under Nero . Alternatively , Domitian may have selected Nerva as his colleague to emphasise the stability and status @-@ quo of the regime . The revolt had been suppressed , and the Empire could return to order .


= = Emperor = =



= = = Accession = = =


On 18 September , 96 , Domitian was assassinated in a palace conspiracy organised by court officials . The Fasti Ostienses , the Ostian Calendar , records that the same day the Senate proclaimed Marcus Cocceius Nerva emperor . Despite his political experience , this was a remarkable choice . Nerva was old and childless , and had spent much of his career out of the public light , prompting both ancient and modern authors to speculate on his involvement in Domitian 's assassination .

According to Cassius Dio , the conspirators approached Nerva as a potential successor prior to the assassination , which indicates that he was at least aware of the plot . Suetonius by contrast does not mention Nerva , but he may have omitted his role out of tactfulness . Considering the works of Suetonius were published under Nerva 's direct descendants Trajan and Hadrian , it would have been less than sensitive of him to suggest the dynasty owed its accession to murder . On the other hand , Nerva lacked widespread support in the Empire , and as a known Flavian loyalist his track record would not have recommended him to the conspirators . The precise facts have been obscured by history , but modern historians believe Nerva was proclaimed Emperor solely on the initiative of the Senate , within hours after the news of the assassination broke .

Although he appeared to be an unlikely candidate on account of his age and weak health , Nerva was considered a safe choice precisely because he was old and childless . Furthermore , he had close connections with the Flavian dynasty and commanded the respect of a substantial part of the Senate . Nerva had seen the anarchy which had resulted from the death of Nero ; he knew that to hesitate even for a few hours could lead to violent civil conflict . Rather than decline the invitation and risk revolts , he accepted . The decision may have been hasty so as to avoid civil war , but neither the Senate nor Nerva appears to have been involved in the conspiracy against Domitian .

Following the accession of Nerva as emperor , the Senate passed damnatio memoriae on Domitian : his coins and statues were melted , his arches were torn down and his name was erased from all public records . In many instances , existing portraits of Domitian , such as those found on the Cancelleria Reliefs , were simply recarved to fit the likeness of Nerva . This allowed quick production of new images and recycling of previous material . In addition , the vast palace which Domitian had erected on the Palatine Hill , known as the Flavian Palace , was renamed the " House of the People " , and Nerva himself took up residence in Vespasian 's former villa in the Gardens of Sallust .


= = = Administration = = =


The change of government was welcome particularly to the senators , who had been harshly persecuted during Domitian 's reign . As an immediate gesture of goodwill towards his supporters , Nerva publicly swore that no senators would be put to death as long as he remained in office . He called an end to trials based on treason , released those who had been imprisoned under these charges , and granted amnesty to many who had been exiled .

All properties which had been confiscated by Domitian were returned to their respective families . Nerva also sought to involve the Senate in his government , but this was not entirely successful . He continued to rely largely on friends and advisors that were known and trusted , and by maintaining friendly relations with the pro @-@ Domitianic faction of the Senate , he incurred hostility which may have been the cause for at least one conspiracy against his life .

Having been proclaimed emperor solely on the initiative of the Senate , Nerva had to introduce a number of measures to gain support among the Roman populace . As was custom by this time , a change of emperor was expected to bring with it a generous payment of gifts and money to the people and the army . Accordingly , a congiarium of 75 denarii per head was bestowed upon the citizens , while the soldiers of the Praetorian Guard received a donativum which may have amounted to as much as 5000 denarii per person . This was followed by a string of economic reforms intended to alleviate the burden of taxation from the most needy Romans .

To the poorest , Nerva granted allotments of land worth up to 60 million sesterces . He exempted parents and their children from a 5 % inheritance tax , and he made loans to Italian landowners on the condition that they pay interest of 5 % to their municipality to support the children of needy families ; alimentary schemes which were later expanded by Trajan , Antoninus Pius , and Marcus Aurelius . Furthermore , numerous taxes were remitted and privileges granted to Roman provinces . Namely , he probably abolished the Fiscus Iudaicus , the additional tax which all Jews throughout the Empire had to pay : some of his coins bear the legend FISCI IUDAICI CALUMNIA SUBLATA ( abolition of malicious prosecution regarding the Jewish tax ) .

Before long , Nerva 's expenses strained the economy of Rome and , although perhaps not ruinous to the extent once suggested by Syme , necessitated the formation of a special commission of economy to drastically reduce expenditures . The most superfluous religious sacrifices , games and horse races were abolished , while new income was generated from Domitian 's former possessions , including the auctioning of ships , estates , and even furniture . Large amounts of money were obtained from Domitian 's silver and gold statues , and Nerva forbade that similar images be made in his honor .

Because he reigned only briefly , Nerva 's public works were few , instead completing projects which had been initiated under Flavian rule . This included extensive repairs to the Roman road system and the expansion of the aqueducts . The latter program was headed by the former consul Sextus Julius Frontinus , who helped to put an end to abuses and later published a significant work on Rome 's water supply , De Aquis Urbis Romae . The only major landmarks constructed under Nerva were a granary , known as the Horrea Nervae , and a small Imperial Forum begun by Domitian , which linked the Forum of Augustus to the Temple of Peace . Little remains , partly because the Via dei Fori Imperiali cuts across it .


= = = Crisis of succession = = =


Despite Nerva 's measures to remain popular with the Senate and the Roman people , support for Domitian remained strong in the army , which had called for his deification immediately after the assassination . In an attempt to appease the soldiers of the Praetorian Guard , Nerva had dismissed their prefect Titus Petronius Secundus — one of the chief conspirators against Domitian — and replaced him with a former commander , Casperius Aelianus .

Likewise , the generous donativum bestowed upon the soldiers following his accession was expected to swiftly silence any protests against the violent regime change . The Praetorians considered these measures insufficient , however , and demanded the execution of Domitian 's assassins , which Nerva refused . Continued dissatisfaction with this state of affairs would ultimately lead to the gravest crisis of Nerva 's reign .

While the swift transfer of power following Domitian 's death had prevented a civil war from erupting , Nerva 's position as an emperor soon proved too vulnerable , and his benign nature turned into a reluctance to assert his authority . Upon his accession , he had ordered a halt to treason trials , but at the same time allowed the prosecution of informers by the Senate to continue . This measure led to chaos , as everyone acted in his own interests while trying to settle scores with personal enemies , leading the consul Fronto to famously remark that Domitian 's tyranny was ultimately preferable to Nerva 's anarchy . Early in 97 , a conspiracy led by the senator Gaius Calpurnius Piso Crassus Frugi Licinianus failed , but once again Nerva refused to put the conspirators to death , much to the disapproval of the Senate .

The situation was further aggravated by the absence of a clear successor , made more pressing because of Nerva 's old age and sickness . He had no natural children of his own and only distant relatives , who were unsuited for political office . A successor would have to be chosen from among the governors or generals in the Empire and it appears that , by 97 , Nerva was considering to adopt Marcus Cornelius Nigrinus Curiatius Maternus , the powerful governor of Syria . This was covertly opposed by those who supported the more popular military commander Marcus Ulpius Traianus , commonly known as Trajan , a general of the armies at the German frontier .

In October 97 these tensions came to a head when the Praetorian Guard , led by Casperius Aelianus , laid siege to the Imperial Palace and took Nerva hostage . He was forced to submit to their demands , agreeing to hand over those responsible for Domitian 's death and even giving a speech thanking the rebellious Praetorians . Titus Petronius Secundus and Parthenius , Domitian 's former chamberlain , were sought out and killed . Nerva was unharmed in this assault , but his authority was damaged beyond repair .

He realized that his position was no longer tenable without the support of an heir who had the approval of both the army and the people . Shortly thereafter , he announced the adoption of Trajan as his successor , and with this decision all but abdicated . Trajan was formally bestowed with the title of Caesar and shared the consulship with Nerva in 98 :

Contrary to the view here popularized by Cassius Dio , however , Nerva had in fact little choice with regard to his successor . Faced with a major crisis , he desperately needed the support of a man who could restore his damaged reputation . The only candidate with sufficient military experience , consular ancestry , and connections was Trajan . Likewise , Edward Gibbon 's assertion that Nerva hereby established a tradition of succession through adoption among the Five Good Emperors has found little support among modern historians .


= = Death and legacy = =


On 1 January , 98 , at the start of his fourth consulship , Nerva suffered a stroke during a private audience . Shortly thereafter he was struck by a fever and died at his villa in the Gardens of Sallust , on 28 January . He was deified by the Senate , and his ashes were laid to rest in the Mausoleum of Augustus .

Nerva was succeeded without incident by his adopted son Trajan , who was greeted by the Roman populace with much enthusiasm . According to Pliny the Younger , Trajan dedicated a temple in honour of Nerva , yet no trace of it has ever been found ; nor was a commemorative series of coins for the Deified Nerva issued until ten years after his death . According to Cassius Dio , however , the Guard prefect responsible for the mutiny against Nerva , Casperius Aelianus , was ' dismissed ' upon Trajan 's accession .

Due to the lack of written sources on this period , much of Nerva 's life has remained obscure . The most substantial surviving account of the reign of Nerva was written by the 3rd @-@ century historian Cassius Dio . His Roman History , which spans nearly a millennium , from the arrival of Aeneas in Italy until the year 229 , was composed more than one hundred years after Nerva had died . Further details are added by an abridged biography from the Epitome de Caesaribus , a work alleged to have been authored by the 4th @-@ century historian Aurelius Victor .

A more comprehensive text , presumed to describe the life of Nerva in closer detail , is the Histories , by the contemporary historian Tacitus . The Histories is an account of the history of Rome covering three decades from the suicide of emperor Nero in 69 until the death of Domitian in 96 . Unfortunately , a substantial part of the work has been lost , with only the first five books covering the Year of the Four Emperors remaining . In the introduction to his biography of Gnaeus Julius Agricola however , Tacitus speaks highly of Nerva , describing his reign as " the dawn of a most happy age , [ when ] Nerva Caesar blended things once irreconcilable , sovereignty and freedom " .

The surviving histories speak equally positively of Nerva 's brief reign , although none offer a substantial commentary on his policies . Both Cassius Dio and Aurelius Victor emphasize his wisdom and moderation , with Dio commending his decision to adopt Trajan as his heir . These views were later popularized by the 18th @-@ century historian Edward Gibbon in his History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire . Gibbon considered Nerva the first of the Five Good Emperors , five successive rulers under whom the Roman Empire " was governed by absolute power , under the guidance of wisdom and virtue " from 96 until 180 . Nevertheless , even Gibbon notes that , compared to his successors , Nerva may have lacked the necessary qualifications for a successful reign :

Modern history has expanded upon this sentiment , characterizing Nerva as a well @-@ intentioned but weak and ineffectual ruler . The Roman Senate enjoyed renewed liberties under his rule , but Nerva 's mismanagement of the state finances and lack of authority over the army ultimately brought Rome near the edge of a significant crisis . The mutiny led by Casperius Aelianus was never intended as a coup , but a calculated attempt to put pressure on the emperor . The adoption of Trajan expanded his power base with a respected , reliable general as his successor . Murison concludes that Nerva 's real talents were in fact ill @-@ suited to the emperorship :

His place in Roman history is therefore summarized as a necessary , if tumultuous stop @-@ gap before the Trajanic @-@ Antonine dynasties . It is a fact of irony that even the only major public work completed during his reign , the Forum of Nerva , ultimately became known as the Forum Transitorium , or transitional forum .

Two modern statues which commemorate Nerva can be found in towns associated with him . There is an equestrian statue in Gloucester , England , a town which was founded in his honour . It is at the entrance to Southgate Street . There is also a statue at his alleged birthplace , Narni in Italy , at Cocceio Nerva street .


= = Nerva – Antonine family tree = =



= = In popular culture = =


Nerva was played by Norman Wooland in the 1951 film Quo Vadis .

He was also played by Giuliano Gemma in the 1964 film Revolt of the Praetorians .


= = = Secondary material = = =


Narnia web links , International links ' , International links from Narnia.it web site

Wend , David ( 1998 ) . " Nerva ( 96 – 98 A.D. ) " . De Imperatoribus Romanis . Retrieved 2007 @-@ 08 @-@ 11 .

Pelham , Henry Francis ( 1911 ) . " Nerva , Marcus Cocceius " . In Chisholm , Hugh . Encyclopædia Britannica 19 ( 11th ed . ) . Cambridge University Press. pp. 393 – 394 .

