= Max Mosley =


Max Rufus Mosley ( born 13 April 1940 ) is the former president of the Fédération Internationale de l 'Automobile ( FIA ) , a non @-@ profit association that represents the interests of motoring organisations and car users worldwide . The FIA is also the governing body for Formula One and other international motorsports .

A qualified barrister and former amateur racing driver , Mosley was a founder and co @-@ owner of March Engineering , a successful racing car constructor and Formula One racing team . He dealt with legal and commercial matters for the company between 1969 and 1977 and became its representative at the Formula One Constructors ' Association ( FOCA ) , the body that represents Formula One constructors . Together with Bernie Ecclestone , he represented FOCA at the FIA and in its dealings with race organisers . In 1978 , Mosley became the official legal adviser to FOCA . In this role he and Marco Piccinini negotiated the first version of the Concorde Agreement , which settled a long @-@ standing dispute between FOCA and the Fédération Internationale du Sport Automobile ( FISA ) , a commission of the FIA and the then governing body of Formula One . Mosley was elected president of FISA in 1991 and became president of the FIA , FISA 's parent body , in 1993 . Mosley identified his major achievement as FIA President as the promotion of the European New Car Assessment Programme ( Euro NCAP or Encap ) . He has also promoted increased safety and the use of green technologies in motor racing . In 2008 , stories about his sex life appeared in the British press , along with unfounded allegations regarding Nazi connotations . Mosley successfully sued the newspaper that published the allegations and maintained his position as FIA president . He stood down at the end of his term in 2009 and was replaced by his preferred successor , Jean Todt .

Mosley is the youngest son of Sir Oswald Mosley , former leader of the British Union of Fascists ( BUF ) , and Diana Mitford . He was educated in France , Germany and Britain before going on to attend university at Christ Church , Oxford , where he graduated with a degree in physics . He then changed to law and was called to the Bar in 1964 . In his teens and early twenties Mosley was involved with his father 's post @-@ war political party , the Union Movement ( UM ) . He has said that the association of his surname with fascism stopped him from developing his interest in politics further , although he briefly worked for the Conservative Party in the early 1980s .


= = Family and early life = =


His father , Sir Oswald Mosley was a Labour minister , and a Member of Parliament for both the Conservative and Labour parties in the 1920s . By the 1930s , he had left mainstream politics and become the leader of the British Union of Fascists ( BUF ) . His first wife died in 1933 , and in 1936 Sir Oswald married Diana Mitford , in a ceremony in Germany attended by Joseph Goebbels and Adolf Hitler . Max was born in London in April 1940 during the early days of the Second World War to Diana and Oswald . In May , Sir Oswald , who had campaigned for a negotiated peace with Nazi Germany , was interned by the British Authorities under Defence Regulation 18B , along with most other active fascists in Britain . Lady Mosley was imprisoned a month later . Max and his brother Alexander were not included in this internship and as a result were separated from their parents for the first few years of their lives . In December 1940 , then @-@ prime minister Winston Churchill , asked Home Secretary Herbert Morrison to ensure Lady Mosley was able to see Max regularly .

Sir Oswald and Lady Mosley were released from detention at HMP Holloway on 16 November 1943 , provoking widespread public protests . Max ’ s elder brother was unhappy at his private school . As a result , both children were tutored at home until the age of 13 . The family moved to a succession of country houses in England . Mosley 's older half @-@ brother Nicholas describes the family , including Sir Oswald ’ s children from his first marriage , spending the summer of 1945 getting the harvest in and shooting at Crowood Farm . In 1950 , the Mosleys bought houses in Ireland , and in Orsay , near Paris . They spent the year moving around Europe , spending the spring in France and the autumn and winter in Ireland , where Mosley was keen on riding and hunting . His aunt Nancy Mitford , in letters to Evelyn Waugh , recalled Sir Oswald and his family cruising the Mediterranean Sea on the family yacht . On one such trip they visited Spain and were entertained by Sir Oswald 's friend , General Franco .

At the age of 13 Mosley was sent to Stein an der Traun in Germany for two years , where he learned to speak fluent German . On his return to England he spent a year at Millfield , an independent boarding school in Somerset after which he continued his education in London for two years . He attended Christ Church at Oxford University , graduating with a degree in physics in 1961 . During his time there he was Secretary of the Oxford Union where his father spoke on two occasions , once with Jeremy Thorpe on the other side . In 1960 Mosley introduced his father to Robert Skidelsky , one of Mosley 's contemporaries at the university , who later wrote Sir Oswald 's biography . Rejecting an early ambition to work as a physicist after " establishing that there was no money in it " , Mosley went on to study law at Gray 's Inn in London and qualified as a barrister in 1964 . After a pupillage with Maurice Drake he specialised in patent and trademark law . Northumbria University awarded Mosley an Honorary Doctorate of Civil Law in 2005 . From 1961 to 1964 Mosley was a member of the Territorial Army , Parachute Regiment ( 44th Independent Parachute Brigade Group ) .

Mosley , like many of Formula One 's drivers , lives in Monaco . On 9 June 1960 he was married at the Chelsea Register Office to Jean Taylor , the daughter of James Taylor , a policeman from Streatham . In 1970 their first son , Alexander , was born and in 1972 their second son , Patrick . On 5 May 2009 , Alexander , a restaurateur , was found dead at his home . He was thirty @-@ nine . At an inquest on 10 June 2009 the Westminster coroner declared that he had died due to heroin intoxication .

In addition to his full @-@ brother Alexander , Mosley has five older half @-@ siblings . On his father 's side they are Vivien Mosley ( 1921 – 2002 ) , novelist Nicholas Mosley , 3rd Baron Ravensdale ( born 1923 ) , and Michael Mosley ( 1932 – 2014 ) . On his mother 's side they are merchant banker Jonathan Guinness , 3rd Baron Moyne ( born 1930 ) , and Irish preservationist Desmond Guinness ( born 1931 ) . He is a third cousin of the late Winston Churchill , the grandson of the former British prime minister .


= = Politics = =


From their teens to early twenties , Mosley and his brother were involved with their father 's post @-@ war party , the Union Movement ( UM ) , which advocated a united Europe as its core issue . Trevor Grundy , a central figure in the UM 's Youth Movement , writes of the 16 @-@ year @-@ old Mosley painting the flash and circle symbol on walls in London on the night of the Soviet Union 's invasion of Hungary ( 4 November 1956 ) . The flash and circle was used by both the UM and the pre @-@ war BUF . He also says Mosley organised a couple of large parties as a way " to get in with lively , ordinary , normal young people , girls as well as boys , and attract them to the Movement by showing that we were like them and didn 't go on about Hitler and Mussolini , Franco and British Fascism all the time . " Mosley met his future wife Jean at such a party . Mosley and Alexander were photographed posing as Teddy Boys in Notting Hill during the 1958 race riots between Afro @-@ Caribbeans and local white gangs of Teddy Boys . The following year , they canvassed for their father when he ran as a Union Movement candidate for the nearby Kensington North seat in the 1959 General Election .

Mosley has rarely discussed his early political involvement with his father . When his father Oswald died , the London Daily Mail described him as a " much maligned and much misunderstood political giant of his era . " Certainly , his father 's political presence affected his early years but Mosley reflected on this time , " I was born into this rather strange family and then at a certain point you get away from that . " Whilst he has distanced himself from this period of his life , the " misunderstanding has remained and today ... he carries that weight on his shoulders . "

In 1961 Mosley was an election agent for the Union Movement , supporting Walter Hesketh as parliamentary candidate for Moss Side . The motor racing journalist Alan Henry describes him as one of his father 's " right @-@ hand men " at the time of a violent incident in 1962 , in which Sir Oswald was knocked down by a mob in London and saved from serious injury by his son 's intervention . As a result of his involvement in this fracas , Mosley was arrested and charged with threatening behaviour . He was later cleared at Old Street Magistrates ' Court on the grounds that he was trying to protect his father . By 1964 , when he began work as a barrister , Mosley was no longer involved in politics .

In the early 1980s , Mosley attempted a political career , working for the UK Conservative Party and hoping to become a parliamentary candidate . Bernie Ecclestone 's biographer , Terry Lovell , writes that he gave up this aspiration after being unimpressed by " the calibre of senior party officials " . He also felt his name would be a handicap and has since said " If I had a completely open choice in my life , I would have chosen party politics , but because of my name , that 's impossible . " By the late 1990s he had become a supporter of the UK Labour Party , following a meeting with then Labour Leader John Smith .


= = Racing career = =


While Mosley was at University , his wife was given tickets to a motor race at the Silverstone Circuit . The circuit is not far from Oxford , and the couple went out of curiosity . Mosley was attracted by the sport , and when his career as a barrister was bringing in sufficient money , he started racing cars himself . The sport 's indifference to his background appealed to Mosley :

There was always a certain amount of trouble [ being the son of Sir Oswald ] until I came into motor racing . And in one of the first races I ever took part in there was a list of people when they put the practice times [ ... ] and I heard somebody say , ' Mosley , Max Mosley , he must be some relation of Alf Mos [ e ] ley , the coachbuilder . ' And I thought to myself , ' I 've found a world where they don 't know about Oswald Mosley . ' And it has always been a bit like that in motor racing : nobody gives a damn .

At national level in the UK , Mosley competed in over 40 races in 1966 and 1967 ; he won 12 and set several class lap records . In 1968 , he formed the London Racing Team in partnership with driver Chris Lambert to compete in European Formula Two , which at that time was the level of racing just below Formula One . Their cars were prepared by Frank Williams , later a Formula One team owner . It was a dangerous time to race . Mosley 's first Formula Two race was the 1968 Deutschland Trophäe , at Hockenheim in which double world champion Jim Clark was killed , and within two years both of Mosley 's 1968 team mates , Piers Courage and Chris Lambert were dead in racing accidents . Mosley 's best result that year was an eighth place at a non @-@ championship race at Monza . Engine builder Brian Hart says that as a driver , Mosley " might not have been particularly quick , but he was a thinking driver . He kept out of trouble and generally used his head . " [ a ]


= = March Engineering = =


In 1969 , after two large accidents due to breakages on his Lotus car , Mosley decided that " it was evident that I wasn 't going to be World Champion " and retired from driving . He was already working with Robin Herd , Alan Rees and Graham Coaker to establish the racing car manufacturer March Engineering where he handled legal and commercial matters . The name March is an acronym based on the initials of the founders ; the ' M ' stands for Mosley . Like the other founders , Mosley put in £ 2 @,@ 500 of capital . His father told him that the company " would certainly go bankrupt , but it would be good training for something serious later on . "

Mosley played a key role in publicising the new outfit . Although March had few resources and limited experience , the firm announced ambitious plans to enter Formula One , the pinnacle of single @-@ seater racing , in 1970 . The team had initially intended to enter a single car , but by the beginning of the season ( partly due to deals made by Mosley ) , the number of March cars entered for their first Formula One race had risen to five . Two of these were run by March 's own in @-@ house works team and the rest by customer teams . Mosley also negotiated sponsorship from tyre maker Firestone and oil additive manufacturer STP .

The new operation was initially successful . In Formula One , March cars won three of their first four races . One of these was a world championship race , the 1970 Spanish Grand Prix , won by reigning world champion Jackie Stewart in a customer car run by Tyrrell Racing . As a result , March finished third in the 1970 Constructors ' Championship . The factory also sold 40 cars to customers in various lower formulae . Despite these successes , the organisation got into financial difficulty almost immediately . The Formula One operation was costing more than the customer car business was making . The March works team 's contract with its lead driver , Chris Amon , was expensive , and Mosley , in his own words , " tried at every opportunity to get rid of him " . He reasoned that Stewart 's highly competitive customer car was enough to show March in a good light . Amon stayed to the end of the year , but Mosley succeeded in " restructuring " his contract , saving the company some much @-@ needed money . At the end of the season , Mosley successfully demanded full control of the finances , including the factory run by Coaker , who left shortly afterwards . Mosley and Herd borrowed £ 20 @,@ 000 from relatives and friends to support the company into its second year . According to Lovell the money came from Mosley 's half @-@ brother , Jonathan Guinness .

Tyrrell started making its own cars towards the end of 1970 , and March 's 1971 program in Formula One was much reduced , with no recognised front @-@ running driver . The Firestone and STP sponsorship was insufficient and Mosley failed to attract a large backer for 1971 . Motorsport author Mike Lawrence has suggested that the shortfall forced him into short @-@ term deals , which maintained cashflow , but were not in the best long @-@ term interests of the company . Mosley negotiated a deal for the team to use Alfa Romeo engines in a third car , bringing much needed funding . The engines proved uncompetitive , and his hopes of an ongoing partnership with the Italian automobile manufacturer were not met . Nonetheless , March again finished third in the constructors championship , and works driver Ronnie Peterson , in a Cosworth DFV @-@ powered car , was second in the Drivers ' Championship . March 's financial woes continued : the company had lost £ 71 @,@ 000 at the end of 1971 . Mosley and Rees disagreed over how to rectify the situation and Rees left March early in 1972 .

March was more successful in selling large numbers of customer cars in the lower formulae . Mosley organised extensive test sessions for the 1971 cars for journalists and drivers , and arranged a successful scheme for drivers to rent cars and engines for the season , rather than buying them outright . Losing money on a deal to supply Jochen Neerpasch , then motorsport manager at Ford , with a Formula Two car paid off when Neerpasch moved to BMW and offered March an exclusive deal in 1972 to use BMW 's Formula Two engine . March cars powered by BMW engines won five of the next 11 European Formula Two championships . However , BMW also put pressure on Herd to concentrate on the Formula Two programme . As a result , he spent less time with the Formula One team , where Mosley started to act as a race engineer .

Although March considered quitting Formula One on several occasions , money was always found to support at least one car . Motorsport historian Mike Lawrence credits Mosley with pressing for a six @-@ wheeled March to be built as a draw for sponsors , having seen the popularity with fans of Tyrrell 's six @-@ wheeled P34 . The resulting March 2 @-@ 4 @-@ 0 never competed in Formula One , but generated the required publicity and a Scalextric slotcar model was profitable . Mosley spent much of his time negotiating deals for drivers with sponsorship and was also successful in selling Marches to other Formula One teams , such as Williams and Penske . The cars were rarely frontrunners , although the works team won a single race in both 1975 and 1976 . By the end of 1977 , Mosley was fed up with the struggle to compete in Formula One with no resources and left to work for FOCA full @-@ time , selling his shares in the company to Herd but remaining as a director . March 's involvement in Formula One ended the same year . [ b ]


= = Formula One Constructors ' Association = =


From 1969 , Mosley was invited to represent March at the Grand Prix Constructors ' Association ( GPCA ) , which negotiated joint deals on behalf of its member teams . Although the new March organisation was not popular with the established teams , Mosley has said that " when they went along to meetings to discuss things such as prize money , they felt they ought to take me along because I was a lawyer " . He was unimpressed with the standard of negotiations : " our side all went in a group because no @-@ one trusted anyone else and all were afraid that someone would break ranks and make a private deal . " In 1971 , British businessman Bernie Ecclestone bought the Brabham team , and Mosley recalls that :

Within about 20 minutes of [ Ecclestone ] turning up at the [ GPCA ] meeting , it was apparent that here was someone who knew how many beans made five and after about half an hour he moved round the table to sit next to me , and from then on he and I started operating as a team . Within a very short time , the two of us were doing everything for the GPCA , instead of everyone moving around in a block , and from that developed FOCA .

The Formula One Constructors ' Association ( FOCA ) was created in 1974 by Ecclestone , Colin Chapman , Teddy Mayer , Mosley , Ken Tyrrell and Frank Williams . FOCA would represent the commercial interests of the teams at meetings with the Fédération Internationale du Sport Automobile ( FISA ) , motorsport 's world governing body . After leaving March at the end of 1977 , Mosley officially became legal advisor to FOCA , which was led by Ecclestone . In his biography of Ecclestone , Terry Lovell suggests that he appointed Mosley to this role not only because of his legal ability , but also because he " saw in Mosley the necessary diplomatic and political skills that made him perfectly suited to the establishment of the FIA " . The Fédération Internationale de l 'Automobile ( FIA ) was FISA 's parent body , representing car users worldwide . In the same year , Mosley was nominated for a role at the FIA Bureau Internationale de Constructeurs d 'Automobile . His nomination was blocked by French , Italian and German manufacturers .

In the early 1980s , Mosley represented FOCA in the " FISA @-@ FOCA War " , a conflict between FOCA , representing the mainly UK @-@ based independent teams , and FISA , which was supported by the " grandee " constructors owned by road car manufacturers ( primarily Alfa Romeo , Ferrari and Renault ) . In 1981 , FOCA announced its own World Federation of Motor Sport and ran the non @-@ championship 1981 South African Grand Prix . The staging of this event , with worldwide television coverage , helped persuade Jean @-@ Marie Balestre , the FISA president , that FISA would have to negotiate a settlement with FOCA . As Mosley has since commented : " We were absolutely skint . If Balestre could have held the manufacturer 's support for a little bit longer , the constructors would have been on their knees . The outcome would then have been very different . " Mosley helped draw up the Concorde Agreement , a document which resolved the dispute by essentially giving FISA control of the rules and FOCA control of promotion and television rights . The most recent version of the Concorde Agreement expired on 31 December 2007 , and a new one was being discussed , as of 2008 . In 1982 , the year after the first Concorde Agreement was signed , Mosley left his role at FOCA , and Formula One , to work for the Conservative Party .


= = FISA presidency = =


Mosley returned to motorsport in 1986 , with the support of Ecclestone and Balestre , to become president of the FISA Manufacturers ' Commission , the successor to the Bureau Internationale de Constructeurs d 'Automobile . That same year , he established Simtek Research , a racing technical consultancy firm , with Nick Wirth , a former March employee . He sold his share of Simtek in 1991 , when elected president of the FISA . According to Lovell , in 1987 Mosley suggested to Balestre that he could deal with his problems with Ecclestone by " mak [ ing ] him a member of the establishment " . Later that year Ecclestone was appointed vice @-@ president of the FIA 's promotional affairs , with authority over Formula One and the other motor sports authorised by the FIA .

In 1991 , Mosley challenged Balestre for the presidency of FISA . Mosley said that his decision to challenge the Frenchman was prompted by Balestre 's reported intervention on behalf of his countryman Alain Prost to ensure that race stewards disqualified Brazilian driver Ayrton Senna from the 1989 Japanese Grand Prix . Mosley campaigned on the basis that Balestre , who was also president of the FIA and of the Fédération Française du Sport Automobile , could not effectively manage all these roles together . He also said that no @-@ one challenged Balestre because they were afraid of the consequences and suggested that the FISA President should not interfere with F1 , which could be left to run itself . Mosley won the FISA presidency by 43 votes to 29 ; Balestre remained as FIA president . Mosley resigned a year later , fulfilling a promise made during his election campaign to seek a re @-@ affirmation of his mandate . " I wanted to show people that I do what I say " , he said . " Now they can judge me in a year 's time . " FISA immediately re @-@ elected him .


= = FIA presidency = =



= = = 1993 – 1997 = = =


In 1993 , Mosley agreed with Balestre that the Frenchman would stand down as president of the FIA in Mosley 's favour , in return for the new role of President of the FIA Senate , to be created after Mosley 's election . As well as motorsport , the FIA 's remit includes the interests of motorists worldwide , an area in which Mosley wanted to involve himself : " That is what really interested me : [ in F1 ] you maybe save one life every five years , whereas [ in ] road safety you are talking about thousands of lives " . A challenge to Mosley 's election by Jeffrey Rose , chairman of the British Royal Automobile Club , was withdrawn when it became clear that the majority of voters were already committed to Mosley . The FISA was then merged into the FIA as its sporting arm .

After the deaths of drivers Ayrton Senna and Roland Ratzenberger at the 1994 San Marino Grand Prix , worldwide media attention focused on the charismatic triple @-@ world champion Senna , rather than Ratzenberger , a virtual unknown driving for the minor Simtek team . Mosley did not go to Senna 's funeral , but attended that of Ratzenberger . In a press conference 10 years later Mosley said , " I went to his funeral because everyone went to Senna 's . I thought it was important that somebody went to his . " In the aftermath of the deaths , and a number of other serious accidents , Mosley announced the formation of the Advisory Expert Group chaired by Professor Sid Watkins , to research and improve safety in motor racing . Watkins , who learned of his new role by hearing Mosley announce it on the radio , has called it a " novel and revolutionary approach " . The resulting changes have included reducing the capacity and power of engines , the use of grooved tyres to reduce cornering speeds , the introduction of the HANS device to protect drivers ' necks in accidents , circuit re @-@ design and greatly increased requirements for crash testing of chassis . Mosley was criticised for some of the very rapid changes announced in the immediate aftermath of the deaths at the San Marino race .

In 1995 , a deal was signed between Ecclestone and the FIA that passed all of the commercial rights to Formula One to him for 15 years , on the condition that they would return to the FIA at the end of that period . Ecclestone had been building up Formula One as a television package since the early 1990s , investing heavily in new digital television technology . For the duration of the deal , the FIA would receive an index @-@ linked annual fixed royalty , estimated by Lovell at around 15 % . Mosley said " My belief is that I got a better deal than anyone else could have because it was more difficult for Ecclestone to take a hard line with me as we had worked together for so long . " The following year the FIA also passed the rights to all its other directly sanctioned championships and events to Ecclestone , also for 15 years , An attempt to add a 10 @-@ year extension to the F1 contract in return for a share in Ecclestone 's proposed flotation of Formula One was later vetoed by the European Commission . Mosley 's agreement with Ecclestone on TV rights for F1 angered three of the team principals in particular : Ron Dennis ( McLaren ) , Frank Williams ( Williams ) and Ken Tyrrell ( Tyrrell ) , who felt that neither Ecclestone nor the FIA had the right to make such an agreement without the teams . They refused to sign the 1997 Concorde Agreement without increased financial returns and threatened to make a complaint under European Union competition rules . The European Commission was already investigating the FIA ’ s agreement with Ecclestone in what Lovell calls a " highly personal and bitter battle between Max Mosley and [ EU commissioner Karel ] van Miert " .


= = = 1997 – 2001 = = =


Mosley was elected to his second term as president of the FIA in October 1997 . Later that year , the EU Commission Directorate @-@ General for Competition made a preliminary decision against Ecclestone and the FIA . The resulting warning letters from van Miert to the FIA and Ecclestone were leaked and ended the attempt to float F1 ; the FIA won a case against the Commission for the leakage in 1998 .

At the same time , a local court in Germany ruled that the television rights to the FIA European Truck Racing Cup ( passed to Ecclestone by the FIA the previous year , along with all other FIA authorised championships ) should be returned to the series organiser , following a complaint from German television company AE TV @-@ Cooperations . The TV Company argued that Ecclestone and Mosley were in breach of commercial clauses in the Treaty of Rome ; following the court 's decision Mosley appealed the judgement and cancelled the series until further notice . On appeal , the court ruled that the series organiser should be able to sell the television rights to whoever they felt was the best option for coverage and the FIA reinstated the European Truck Racing Cup . Between 1997 and 2000 Mosley repeatedly warned that if any EU decision went against the FIA , the marketing organisations and F1 itself would be moved out of Europe . In 1999 , the EU Commission Directorate @-@ General for Competition issued a Statement of Objections , listing a number of grievances surrounding the FIA 's dealings with Ecclestone and Formula One . The FIA released the Statement to the media and held a press conference in Brussels ridiculing the Commission ’ s case . The Commission argued that a number of commercial agreements could be viewed as anti @-@ competition and invited the FIA and Ecclestone 's companies , ISC and FOA , to submit proposals to modify these arrangements . In 2001 , nine months after settlement talks had begun , the parties reached an agreement to amend existing contracts , which included Ecclestone stepping down as the FIA 's vice @-@ president of promotional affairs and the FIA ending all involvement in the commercial activities of Formula One . Mosley came up with an innovative way to dispose of the FIA 's involvement in the commercial activities of Formula One . In order to maintain Ecclestone 's investment to deliver digital television , he proposed extending Ecclestone 's rights for F1 coverage to 100 years from the initial 15 , arguing that a deal of such length could not be anti @-@ competition as it was effectively the same as an outright sale . The Commission agreed with his assessment and in the interest of impartiality , Mosley removed himself from the negotiations , which eventually returned around $ 300 million ( £ 150 million ) . The FIA planned to " put almost all of it into a charitable foundation which will then have the resources to undertake important work on improving safety in motor sport and in road safety " , and thus the FIA Foundation was created in 2001 . In addition , the FIA continued to receive an annual dividend from the deal , Mosley stated : " Over the totality of the contract , and on an annual basis , the sum we have accepted represents billions of dollars . Looked at from that point of view , it is a huge amount of money . " Lovell compares the figure to extend the rights to 100 years to the £ 600 million KirchGruppe paid for the rights to the 2002 Football World Cup and the £ 1 @.@ 1 billion British Sky Broadcasting paid for a three @-@ year package of English Premier League football . The figure was not entirely comparable however due to the dispute over who actually owned Formula One . Before the settlement with the EU Commission was reached , Mosley feared that the FIA was losing control over the sport following a heated argument with Ecclestone in Paris . Ecclestone argued that he had built Formula One into the entity that it was and the FIA only had rights to designate the event as official . Ecclestone threatened to " do a scorched earth " if another party were to gain control of the commercial side of Formula One . Mosley came up with the solution in order for the FIA to retain its sporting management role and Ecclestone to retain his commercial role .

Over the same period , Mosley was attempting to delay European legislation banning tobacco advertising . At this time all leading Formula One teams carried significant branding from tobacco brands such as Rothmans , West , Marlboro and Mild Seven . The Labour party had pledged to ban tobacco advertising in its manifesto ahead of its 1997 General Election victory , supporting a proposed European Union Directive . The Labour Party 's stance on banning tobacco advertising was reinforced following the election by forceful statements from the Health Secretary Frank Dobson and Minister for Public Health Tessa Jowell . Ecclestone appealed " over Jowell 's head " to Jonathan Powell , Tony Blair 's chief of staff , who arranged a meeting with Blair . Ecclestone and Mosley , both Labour Party donors , met Blair on 16 October 1997 . Mosley argued that the proposed legislation was illegal by EU rules , that Formula One needed more time to find alternative sources of funding and that the prompt introduction of a ban would lead to races being held outside Europe , while the coverage , including tobacco logos , would still be broadcast into the EU . He also argued that :

Motor racing was a world class industry which put Britain at the hi @-@ tech edge . Deprived of tobacco money , Formula One would move abroad at the loss of 50 @,@ 000 jobs , 150 @,@ 000 part @-@ time jobs and £ 900 million of exports .

On 4 November the " fiercely anti @-@ tobacco Jowell " argued in Brussels for an exemption for Formula One . Media attention initially focused on Labour bending its principles for a " glamour sport " and on the " false trail " of Jowell 's husband 's links to the Benetton Formula One team . On 6 November correspondents from three newspapers enquired whether Labour had received any donations from Ecclestone ; he had donated £ 1 million in January 1997 . On 11 November Labour promised to return the money on the advice of Sir Patrick Neill . On 17 November Blair apologised for his government 's mishandling of the affair and stated " the decision to exempt Formula One from tobacco sponsorship was taken two weeks later . It was in response to fears that Britain might lose the industry overseas to Asian countries who were bidding for it . "

The revised directive went into force in June 1998 , and banned sponsorship from 2003 , with a further three @-@ year extension for " global sports such as Formula One " . On 5 October 2000 , the directive was successfully overturned in the European Court of Justice on the grounds that it was unlawful . A new Tobacco Advertising Directive took effect in July 2005 ; the Financial Times described Mosley as " furious " that this was a year earlier than provided for under the 1998 directive . As of 2009 , Ferrari is the only F1 team to retain tobacco sponsorship , although the team carries no explicit branding in races because of the European legislation . Although the FIA moved its headquarters out of the EU in 1999 , it returned in 2001 ; all of the F1 teams remain in Europe , and six are in the UK , compared to seven of eleven at the end of 1997 .

Asked in a 2003 interview about his most enduring achievement as president of the FIA , Mosley replied : " I think using Formula One to push ENCAP Crash @-@ Testing . " The European New Car Assessment Programme ( Euro NCAP ) is a European car safety performance assessment programme that originated with work done by the Transport Research Laboratory for the UK Department for Transport . The FIA became involved in the programme in 1996 , taking a lead in promoting it , and Mosley chaired the body from its launch as Euro NCAP in 1997 to 2004 . Despite what NCAP describes as a " strong negative response " from car manufacturers at first , the initiative has expanded , and NCAP says that there has been a clear increase in the safety of modern cars as a result . The EU commission in 2000 stated that " EuroNCAP had become the single most important mechanism for achieving advances in vehicle safety " and " the most cost effective road safety action available to the EU . " Mosley has continued to promote the matter through his membership of initiatives such as CARS 21 , the European Commission ’ s policy group aimed at improving the worldwide competitiveness of the European automotive industry .

In February 2001 , Mosley announced his intention to stand again for the presidency in October of that year , saying that if successful this third term would be his last .


= = = 2001 – 2005 = = =


Mosley was elected to his third term as president of the FIA in 2001 . From 2000 , Formula One saw the return of teams partly or wholly owned and operated by major motor manufacturers , who feared that under Ecclestone 's management F1 coverage would go to pay television , reducing the value of their investment . In 2001 , the Grand Prix Manufacturers Association ( GPMA ) announced an alternative world championship , the Grand Prix World Championship to start by 2008 . The GPMA stipulated that the championship should not be regulated by the FIA , which Lovell believes was because the organisation believed Mosley was too close to Ecclestone .

In June 2004 , Mosley announced that he would step down from his position in October of that year , one year early , saying " I no longer find it either satisfying or interesting to sit in long meetings [ ... ] I have achieved in this job everything I set out to [ ... ] " . One month later , he rescinded his decision after the FIA Senate called for him to stay on . According to a BBC Sport profile , many insiders considered that the announcement , and Mosley 's public disagreements with Ecclestone , were " just part of a well crafted plan to strengthen their control over the sport " ; Ron Dennis , the McLaren team principal , suggested that it arose because Mosley 's proposals for Formula One met opposition . In 2004 , Mosley said he felt Ferrari 's then team principal Jean Todt should succeed him as president of the FIA when he stepped down .

The 2005 United States Grand Prix was run with only six cars , after the Michelin tyres used by the other 14 cars proved unsafe for the circuit . A proposal involving the addition of a temporary chicane to slow cars through the fastest corner of the circuit was suggested but rejected by Mosley . He stated his reasons for not agreeing to the chicane : " Formula One is a dangerous activity and it would be most unwise to make fundamental changes to a circuit without following tried and tested procedures . What happened was bad but can be put right . This is not true of a fatality . " He continued , " Formula One is a sport which entertains . It is not entertainment disguised as sport . " Mosley gave three possible solutions for the Michelin runners : to use qualifying tyres but change them whenever necessary on safety grounds , to use a different tyre to be provided by Michelin or to run at reduced speed . These were all rejected by the Michelin @-@ shod teams . Paul Stoddart , the then @-@ owner of the Minardi team who ran on Bridgestone tyres , was prepared to compromise to accommodate Michelin teams — even though a reduced field would guarantee his team much needed points — and was particularly vocal in his criticism and renewed his calls for Mosley to resign .


= = = 2005 – 2009 = = =


Mosley was elected unopposed to his fourth term as president of the FIA in 2005 . In recognition of his contribution to road safety and motorsport , Mosley was made a Chevalier dans l ’ Ordre de la Légion d ’ honneur in 2006 . The Légion d 'honneur ( Legion of Honour ) is France 's highest decoration for outstanding achievements in military or civil life ; a Chevalier ( Knight ) is the fifth class .

Continuing a theme of his presidency , in 2006 Mosley called for Formula One manufacturers to develop technology relevant to road cars . In recent years , a large proportion of the enormous budget of Formula One has been spent on the development of very powerful , very high @-@ revving engines , which some say have little applicability to road cars . Mosley has announced a 10 @-@ year freeze on the development of engines , which would allow manufacturers to spend more of their budgets on environmentally friendly technology such as the Kinetic Energy Recovery System ( KERS ) introduced in 2009 . In July 2008 , he sent a letter to the Formula One teams , in which he called for the teams to propose future sporting regulations to address specific issues including reduced fuel consumption .

The 2007 Formula One season was dominated by Ferrari 's accusations that the McLaren team had made illegal use of their intellectual property , leading to legal cases in the United Kingdom and Italy . Unlike previous cases , such as the Toyota team 's illegal use of Ferrari intellectual property in 2004 that had been handled by German police , the FIA investigated . They initially found McLaren innocent ; unable to find enough evidence to suggest that anyone other than designer Mike Coughlan had seen the information or that the team had used it . Ron Dennis , team principal of McLaren , was unaware at this point that Mosley had been sent personal e @-@ mails from Fernando Alonso , stating that the data had been used and seen by others in the team . When Italian police uncovered a series of text messages between McLaren and their spy at Ferrari , the team was hauled in front of the World Motor Sports Council ( WMSC ) once more . This time they were found guilty and eventually fined a gross $ 100M and excluded from the 2007 constructors ' championship . Later in the year , the Renault team was found guilty by the FIA of possessing McLaren 's intellectual property , but was not punished , as the " FIA 's WMSC decided there was not enough evidence to show the championship had been affected . " In relation to McLaren , triple world champion Jackie Stewart criticised Mosley and stated that other teams did not back McLaren for " fear of repercussions " . TV commentator and newspaper columnist Martin Brundle , a former driver , was among those who criticised the FIA and Mosley for inconsistency and questioned the " energetic manner " in which he felt McLaren was being pursued , suggesting that there was a " witch hunt " against the team . Brundle and The Sunday Times subsequently received a writ for libel before the paper printed a correction . Mosley went on to defend himself of the charges made by Brundle , highlighting that the WMSC originally acquitted McLaren of any wrongdoing , stating : " Concrete evidence of use by McLaren of the Ferrari information was simply not there . " It was only later in the year when " e @-@ mails emerged which showed others inside McLaren were indeed aware of the Ferrari information " , that the FIA found the team guilty .

At the start of 2008 , Mosley said that he wanted to see through reforms such as budget capping and new technologies like KERS successfully introduced into Formula One before retiring . In March of that year the News of the World released video footage of Mosley engaged in acts with five consenting women in a scenario that the paper alleged involved Nazi role @-@ playing ( an allegation that , though dismissed in court as " no genuine basis " , allegedly " ruined " Mosley 's reputation ) . The situation was made more controversial by his father 's association with the Nazis . Mosley admitted " the embarrassment the revelations caused " , but said that there was no Nazi theme involved . He was strongly criticised by former drivers , motor manufacturers and several of the national motoring bodies who form the FIA . His involvement in several high level motor sport events was cancelled . Public expressions of support were limited . Mosley says that he received much supportive correspondence , and said that he would continue to the end of his current term , which he said would be his last . Mosley 's longtime ally Ecclestone eventually appeared to support Mosley 's removal .

Mosley won a vote of confidence at an Extraordinary General Meeting of the FIA on 3 June 2008 , with 103 votes in support and 55 against , with seven abstentions and four invalid votes . Several clubs , including the ADAC , AAA and KNAF considered withdrawal from the FIA after the decision . Other formerly critical organisations have since said that they will accept the outcome of the vote and now wish to move on . In July 2008 , Mosley won a High Court legal case against the News of the World for invasion of privacy . The presiding judge , Mr Justice Eady , said : " I see no genuine basis at all for the suggestion that the participants mocked the victims of the Holocaust . "

In December 2008 , Mosley said that he still intended to stand down when his term ran out in October 2009 , but would take the final decision in June of that year . Mosley 's close relationship with Ecclestone , the sport 's promoter , was criticised in early 2009 by Sir Jackie Stewart , who suggested that Mosley should resign in favour of a CEO from outside motorsport .

In mid @-@ 2009 , the FIA and the newly formed Formula One Teams Association disagreed over the format of rules for the following season . When the entry list for the 2010 championship was announced on 12 June 2009 , the entries of five of the eight FOTA teams remained provisional on their acceptance of the new rules . The next day , the European Automobile Manufacturers Association announced its support for FOTA 's request for " stability , clear rules , a clear and transparent system of governance " and their threat to form a breakaway series from Formula One . The BBC Sport website reported this as an attack on Mosley 's authority and noted that Mosley was expected to stand again for the presidency in 2009 .

On 23 June , Mosley said he was considering running for a fifth term as FIA president in October " in light of the attack on my mandate " . However , the following day FOTA and the FIA reached an agreement with Mosley agreeing not to stand for re @-@ election as part of the deal : ' now there is peace ' . Luca di Montezemolo welcomed Mosley 's decision to stand down and called Mosley a ' dictator ' . Mosley responded by saying that he was still considering his ' options ' and might well stand for re @-@ election in October after all . He later said that he was " under pressure from all over the world " to stand for re @-@ election . On 15 July , Mosley confirmed that he would after all stand down , and again endorsed former Ferrari Executive Director Jean Todt as his successor . Todt went on to win the presidency .


= = Honours = =


Grande Ufficiale dell ' Ordine al Merito ( Italy ) 1994

Castrol Gold Medal from the Institute of Motor Industry in the year 2000 .

Order of Madarski Konnik , 1st degree ( Bulgaria ) , 2000

Quattroruote Premio Speciale per la Sicurezza Stradale ( Italy ) , 2001

The Goldene VdM @-@ Dieselring , 2001

Order of Merit ( Romania ) , 2004

Huespad Illustre do Quito ( Ecuador ) , 2005 .

National Road Safety Council NGO , Armenia , 2005 .

France : Chevalier of the Légion d 'honneur ( 2006 )

Monaco : Commander of the Order of Saint @-@ Charles ( 27 May 2006 )


= = Achievements = =


Secretary , Oxford Union Society , 1961 .

1964 , Called to the Bar , Gray ’ s Inn .

Director of March Cars , 1969 @-@ 79

Member of High Level Gp , CARS ( Competitive Automotive Regulatory System for the 21st century ) 21 , 2005 @-@ 09

Patron at eSafety Aware , 2006 @-@ 2009

Member of the Board of Trustees , 2001 @-@ 2014 , Chairman of the Programmes Committee , 2001 @-@ 2012 , FIA Foundation for the Automobile and Society

Chairmanship of Euro NCAP , Global NCAP , ERTICO

Honorary President of European Parliament Automobile Users ' Intergroup


= = Sex scandal = =


In 2008 , Mosley won a court case ( Mosley v News Group Newspapers ) against the News of the World newspaper which had reported his involvement in a sex act involving five consenting women on the grounds that it had breached his privacy . Justice Eady ruled that despite some of the attendees wearing German World War 2 uniforms there were no Nazi connotations to the orgy , a false statement that had been printed by the newspaper . As a result , in 2009 Mosley brought a case ( Mosley v United Kingdom ) against the UK 's privacy laws in the European Court of Human Rights , in a bid to force newspapers to warn people before exposing their private lives so they could have the opportunity to seek a court injunction . The case was rejected by the court on 10 May 2011 as they argued that a " pre @-@ notification requirement would inevitably affect political reporting and serious journalism . "

In July 2011 , The Daily Telegraph reported that Mosley was financially guaranteeing the court costs of claimants who may have been subjected to phone hacking by the News of the World . Mosley refused to comment at the time , but he later gave a TV interview to the BBC and telephone interview to Reuters where he confirmed the story .

Mosley launched legal action against Google , in an attempt to stop searches from returning web pages which use the photographs from the video used for the News of the World story . On 6 November 2013 in Mosley v SARL Google a French court sided with Mosley and ordered Google to prevent its search engine from providing links to images of Mosley engaging in sexual activities from the video . The Register suggested the ruling would lead to a Streisand effect , increasing interest in the images , which are still findable through other search engines . At the Leveson Enquiry , Mosley stated his reasons for pursuing Google :

" the fundamental point is that Google could stop this material appearing but they don 't , or they won 't as a matter of principle . My position is that if the search engines - if somebody were to stop the search engines producing the material , the actual sites don 't really matter because without a search engine , nobody will find it , it would just be a few friends of the person who posts it . The really dangerous things are the search engines . "

Mosley launched similar legal action against Google in Germany . In January 2014 , the German court also ruled against the American company . In giving its verdict , the court stated , " that the banned pictures of the plaintiff severely violate his private sphere . "

In an interview with Der Spiegel following the judgement , Mosley said : " Strictly speaking Google has got to obey German courts in Germany and French courts in France . But in the end it has to decide whether it wants to live in a democracy . Google behaves like an adolescent rebelling against the establishment . The company has to recognise that it is a part of society and it must accept the responsibility which comes with that . "


= = Ancestry = =




= 130th Engineer Brigade ( United States ) =


The 130th Engineer Brigade is an engineer brigade of the United States Army based in Schofield Barracks , Hawaii . It provides engineering support to the United States Army Pacific command . The brigade specializes in bridging operations .

The brigade traces its lineage back to an engineering regiment active during World War II , but the brigade itself did not see action until the mid @-@ 1990s . As a part of the V Corps for most of the Cold War , the brigade was stationed in western Europe for decades as a deterrent to a possible Soviet invasion . It finally saw action during Operation Joint Endeavor , providing bridging assistance for the international force in the Bosnia region . Several years later , the brigade was the primary engineering component during the invasion of Iraq in 2003 . With numerous difficulties , the brigade was forced to take on several unexpected missions during its year in Iraq . It saw a second tour in 2005 and a third in 2009 in which it once again was the primary engineering component in the country . The brigade deployed to Afghanistan as the Theater Engineer Brigade in support of Operation Enduring Freedom from 2013 @-@ 2014 .

The brigade had a long history of supporting V Corps of United States Army Europe from 1969 until 2007 , during which it was based at Warner Barracks in the Bavarian town of Bamberg , Germany . That ended when the brigade was relocated to Hawaii to support United States Army Pacific as part of a major restructuring plan of the US Army . Reactivated in 2008 , the brigade is currently at home in Hawaii .


= = Organization = =


The 130th Engineer Brigade is a subordinate unit of the 8th Theater Sustainment Command which is in turn subordinate to United States Army Pacific . It provides engineering assistance to US forces stationed throughout the Pacific Ocean region .

The Brigade 's Headquarters and Headquarters Company is stationed at Schofield Barracks and permanently commands two subordinate battalions . The 65th Engineer Battalion and the 84th Engineer Battalion are both located at Schofield Barracks . The total force of the brigade and its subordinate elements is approximately 1 @,@ 600 . As the brigade is modular in nature , it is able to take command and control of more units when deployed .


= = History = =



= = = Origins = = =


The 130th Engineer Brigade traces its lineage to the 1303rd Engineer General Service Regiment which saw action in World War II . The regiment was activated on 15 July 1943 at Camp Ellis , Illinois . It was deployed to the European Theatre where it participated in the Battle of Normandy and subsequent invasion of Germany before being transferred to the Pacific after V @-@ E Day . The 1303rd received campaign streamers for Normandy , Northern France , Rhineland , Ardennes @-@ Alsace , Central Europe , and the Asian @-@ Pacific theatre . It was deactivated in Japan on 31 January 1946 .

The regiment was re @-@ designated as Headquarters and Headquarters Company , 130th Engineer Aviation Brigade in Japan on 8 July 1955 before being activated in September of that year . Only a few months later , this brigade was inactivated on 25 June 1956 without having seen any deployment .

On 16 June 1969 , Headquarters and Headquarters Company , 130th Engineer Aviation Brigade was re @-@ designated as Headquarters and Headquarters Company , 130th Engineer Brigade and activated in Pioneer Kaserne , Hanau , Germany . The 130th Engineer Brigade was a consolidation of V Corps ' 37th and 11th Engineer Groups into a single unit that would provide more efficient command and control . It was subsequently put under the command of V Corps , as part of the US Army 's force in Europe . The brigade received its shoulder sleeve insignia on 23 September 1969 , and its distinctive unit insignia on 3 November 1969 . Brigade members specially designed these with images alluding to the 1303rd Regiment 's battle honors in World War II using scarlet and white , colors signifying US Army engineer units .

The brigade remained in Germany in support of V Corps for almost 25 years , seeing no deployments . It underwent a shuffling of units as several of its battalions were reassigned elsewhere following the end of the Cold War in 1990 , and it gained new battalions from units deactivating elsewhere . Though three of the brigade 's subordinate battalions deployed to support Operation Desert Shield and Operation Desert Storm , the brigade headquarters itself remained in Germany along with the rest of V Corps . The operations were conducted by VII Corps and XVIII Airborne Corps , which had significant engineer assets of their own . Throughout the early 1990s , the brigade would continue to see units come and go from its command as they were transferred from the restructuring 18th Engineer Brigade and the deactivating 7th Engineer Brigade .


= = = Operation Joint Endeavour = = =


From December 1995 to January 1996 , all units in the brigade , except the 320th Engineer Company ( Topographic ) , deployed to Croatia or Bosnia and Herzegovina in support of Operation Joint Endeavor . The 320th Engineer Company deployed their topographic surveying platoon the following year . The 130th Engineer Brigade was tasked with building an assault bridge over the Sava River . Despite severe flooding conditions around the river and international pressure against such a structure , the brigade sent its units to begin work on the bridge . In December 1995 , the 502nd Engineer Company deployed to Zupanja , Croatia and placed the historic ribbon bridge over the river . This bridge , at 2 @,@ 239 feet ( 682 m ) was the longest assault floating bridge in military history . The company operated 24 @-@ hours a day for three months crossing critical traffic in support of Task Force Eagle and NATO 's Implementation Force . The company also assisted in the construction of a second bridge over the Sava River in Brčko @-@ Gunja . The 502nd Engineer Company redeployed in May 1996 , with a rafting section remaining at Slavonski Brod to support the force restructuring of Task Force Eagle . The 130th Engineer Brigade would go on to construct seven fixed bridges in support of the operation . During the deployment , the brigade was also tasked with creating and maintaining maps and overlays of the area of operations . It would produce over 300 @,@ 000 such maps . The 130th Engineer Brigade was also tasked with repairing and maintaining much of the Task Force 's infrastructure .

The brigade returned to Germany after the operation was complete . Throughout 1998 – 2002 it would train with German engineers , including German units from Lahnstein and Speyer , as well as the German Engineering School . The brigade also set up marksman competitions with German units , to give US soldiers the chance to earn the German Armed Forces Badge of Marksmanship , the German Sports Badge , and other badges . Over 2 @,@ 500 of these badges would be earned by soldiers of the 130th over the years that it served in Germany . It also trained extensively in bridging operations at rivers throughout Germany . In summer of 2000 , the brigade participated in a joint engineering exercise in Moldova with US Navy Seabees and the 505th Engineer Brigade of the North Carolina Army National Guard . The exercise was the first ever conducted in Moldova and featured numerous training scenarios as well as the construction of a medical clinic . Several other such exercises were conducted in nations throughout Europe including Albania , Romania , Georgia , Latvia , Bulgaria and Macedonia . They also performed annual humanitarian missions to Poland , working on community projects around the country with the assistance of Polish Armed Forces every September , as a training exercise .


= = = Operation Iraqi Freedom = = =


The 130th Engineer Brigade mobilized in support of the Global War on Terrorism in 2003 . It was commanded by Colonel Gregg F. Martin . As preparations were being made for Operation Iraqi Freedom , the 130th Engineer Brigade was placed in charge of the largest engineering force in the theater . This included seven different engineering battalions as well as several separate group and company sized elements . Units of the brigade were then deployed to Kuwait in early 2003 , along with much of V Corps ' staff . They would provide command and assistance for the 3rd Infantry Division , 82nd Airborne Division and 101st Airborne Division as they crossed the border to Iraq and attacked to the capitol region of Baghdad from the south . Coupled with the landings of the 173rd Airborne Brigade Combat Team to the north , the operation would see the US Forces surround and destroy Iraqi forces in and around the capitol .

The first obstacle facing the brigade was " the berm " , a 10 @-@ kilometer @-@ deep defensive obstacle complex that spanned Iraq 's border with Kuwait . The berm consisted of large tank ditches , berms of dirt , electrified fencing , and razor wire . It was decided that the 3rd Infantry Division 's Brigade Combat Teams would breach this berm in eight locations and move through . The 130th Engineer brigade analyzed the berms and provided a layout of them to coalition forces . The 130th Engineer Brigade then conducted the actual breaches in late March , using armored combat earthmovers to build roads for tracked vehicles , while armored vehicle @-@ launched bridges set up for wheeled vehicles . The 130th worked with Kuwati engineers to breach the berm in 12 places , and the 3rd Infantry Division 's Brigade Combat Teams moved though , starting the Iraq War . After combat forces moved through , the brigade and the Kuwatis then sealed off ten of these breaches to prevent Iraqi forces from using then , leaving two open for US forces that followed from the 82nd and 101st .

After the breach , the 130th moved into Iraq . They provided support for the divisions as they advanced along the path to Baghdad . When a large sandstorm grounded aviation and large dust clouds became a problem , the brigade repurposed oil for use in dust abatement around airfields , allowing the 101st 's fleet of AH @-@ 64 Apaches to take off and engage Iraqi ground forces on 24 March . Retreating Iraqi units detonated many bridges to slow the 3rd Infantry Division 's advance . The 130th Engineers conducted rapid repairs to allow the brigades to continue to move through . The brigade supported combat elements moving through An Najaf , clearing roads and pathways of debris and obstacles to allow rapid movement through the city . The 565th Engineer Battalion built the " birthday bridge " – the longest float bridge constructed in a combat theatre with a span of 580 meters – over the Tigris River in Tikrit on Saddam Hussein ’ s birthday , 28 April 2003 .

After the invasion was over , the brigade was supposed to support the operation with bridging and infrastructure support . During the planning for the invasion , the engineers of the brigade were told that reconstruction in Iraq would be conducted by Department of Defense contractors and Iraqi civilians . They were not originally prepared to conduct major reconstruction efforts . When V Corps became the commanding element for the task force to rebuild Iraq , much of the invasion force , including the 130th Engineer Brigade , was sent to do jobs they had not been originally planned for , as basic utilities and sanitation conditions in Iraq were far below what was expected . Throughout the rest of 2003 and 2004 , the engineers engaged in a large number of initial reconstruction projects on basic utilities , including schools , water treatment plants , waste removal , and the nation 's power grid . It was determined that the scale of these projects was much greater than what the US had expected or what had been encountered in previous contingencies . It was also decided that reconstruction was essential to the coalition since it would help win over the Iraqi people . By May 2003 , the brigade had been completely repurposed . Though originally tasked with demolishing obstacles , building fortifications , and bridging operations , the brigade was tasked entirely with construction projects . This conversion was a difficult process , as the brigade did not have the equipment and specialist units designed to handle reconstruction on a national scale . As more US military reconstruction units arrived in Iraq , the brigade grew to eight battalions and three groups .

The 130th Engineer Brigade focused on bridging projects as was its specialty , but it ultimately found itself undertaking numerous different projects throughout the country for much of 2003 and into 2004 . Not all of its units were confined entirely to construction , though . The 502nd Engineer Company also conducted river patrol operations in Baghdad and Tikrit . This new mission for the company was essential for force protection , troop transportation , search and cordon operations , and to protect against sabotage on fixed bridges . In September 2003 , with the inactivation of the 38th Engineer Company ( Medium Girder Bridge ) , the 502nd Engineer Company became a multi @-@ role bridge company with both float and fixed bridging capabilities and the only active bridge company in USAREUR .

The 130th was headquartered at Logistical Support Area Anaconda for the majority of the deployment . Throughout Operation Iraqi Freedom , the headquarters commanded up to 15 @,@ 000 engineers at one time , conducting missions including bridging , humanitarian assistance , topographic missions , dive missions , firefighting , base construction , river patrols , mine detection , missile removal and many more . Brigade units redeployed to Hanau in late 2003 and early 2004 . Most of the brigade 's soldiers returned to Hanau on 5 February 2004 after numerous logistical delays . Most of the 130th Engineer Brigade 's subordinate units would receive Meritorious Unit Commendation for their roles in the invasion of Iraq , though the Brigade 's headquarters did not .


= = = Second tour in Iraq = = =


The 502nd Engineer Company became the first V Corps company @-@ sized unit to return for a second tour in Iraq when it deployed in September 2004 . The company returned to Hanau in September 2005 . In December 2004 , the 130th Engineer Brigade 's headquarters was informed that it would be deployed back to Iraq the next year . The brigade mobilized and began this new deployment in September 2005 ; it began operating in the country the next month . The 54th Engineer Battalion followed in October . The brigade eventually replaced the 130th , 194th , and 20th Engineer Brigades , becoming the only engineer brigade operating in the country . By December 2006 , the brigade commanded all engineering formations in Multi @-@ National Corps - Iraq , including engineers from other branches of the US Military , for a total of 3 @,@ 300 soldiers . During the tour they were supported by the 412th Engineer Command .

The 130th Engineers had a variety of reconstruction tasks during their second tour in Iraq . The top priority of the brigade was to " maintain and upgrade lines of communications " to " insure uninterrupted ground movement through the area of operations . " This duty also included detection and removal of Improvised Explosive Devices . The brigade undertook numerous construction projects , primarily in building coalition forward operating bases , but they were tasked with construction projects for the Iraqi army and civilians as well . Many of the units of the brigade were integrated with military from other branches for projects . US Navy and US Marine Corps engineers operated side @-@ by @-@ side with 130th Engineer Brigade soldiers , and though commanders reported a " culture clash " between different branches of service , the soldiers , sailors , and Marines were able to adapt to the situation quickly .

The brigade 's Headquarters Company managed the engineer battalions but it also undertook its own missions , including humanitarian missions and public affairs assignments . It was supported by the brigade 's Special Troops Battalion which provided a wide range of duties for the Headquarters . The task of detecting and removing IEDs proved particularly difficult for the brigade , as IEDs were a serious issue for coalition forces and the leading cause of casualties at the time . The 54th Engineer Battalion under the 130th was specially tasked with counter @-@ IED operations on the over 300 kilometers of roads that the brigade was responsible for . The 249th Engineer Battalion was charged with maintaining the power grid throughout Iraq . They were required to assess 200 power stations throughout the country and make repairs to each one individually . The 84th Engineer Battalion was tasked with most construction projects in the Forward Operating Bases . These projects involved expansion of many of the larger FOBs as smaller ones were shut down and consolidated . One of the main focuses of the Battalion was the expansion of living quarters at Al Asad Air Base . The 565th Engineer Battalion was responsible for maintaining the supply yards housing building materials for the rest of the Brigade 's battalions , and to ensure that the materials were dispersed and used as efficiently as possible . The brigade 's mechanical and vehicle maintenance duties were provided by civilian contractors . These contractors also handled transportation of construction vehicles and vehicle parts to the theater .

During the year of its deployment in Iraq , the brigade reported progress in numerous areas . Brigade commander Colonel Thomas Kula reported that " greater than 50 percent " of IEDs found on roads used by the Corps were recognized and disarmed before they could be used against coalition forces . The brigade also cleared 700 kilometers of road from trash and debris and filled more than 600 potholes caused by explosions . It also completed 1 @,@ 800 mapping projects in the theater . The brigade also finished numerous building projects around Iraq . Soldiers of the 130th Engineer Brigade completed 345 construction projects during the year in the country , including emplacing four bridges and maintaining eight more , well digging projects throughout western Iraq , maintaining the power grid to 25 coalition bases , repairing and expanding services at FOBs throughout the region , and construction of outposts and checkpoints throughout the country 's roadways with the assistance of Iraqi engineers . During the deployment , a total of 15 soldiers from the brigade were killed in action . The 130th Engineer Brigade returned to Hanau from its second tour in Iraq in October 2006 .


= = = Reactivation in Hawaii = = =


With the US Army forces in Europe seeing drawdowns and redeployments , it was announced that V Corps would be eliminated , and the 130th Engineer Brigade would be moved elsewhere . The brigade formally left Hanau with a casing of the unit colors ceremony at Pioneer Kaserne on 4 May 2007 . Casing the unit 's colors was a tradition formally signifying its inactivation and , for all official purposes , the brigade had ceased to be an active Army unit . The brigade headquarters became part of U.S. Army Pacific on 16 June 2007 .

The brigade had originally been slated to relocate to Fort Lewis , Washington to replace the 555th Engineer Brigade , which was scheduled to be inactivated . But with the announcement of the Grow the Army plan in early 2007 , it was decided that no engineer brigades would be inactivated permanently , and the 130th Engineer Brigade would be moved to Hawaii instead . Both the 130th and 555th Engineer Brigades remained on active duty .

The brigade was inactive for a year while it was reconstructed in Hawaii . As a part of the transformation of the US Army , the brigade was reorganized into a modular force with new and updated equipment and new personnel . The Brigade stood up provisionally on 27 June 2008 as it neared ready status . On 23 October , the brigade 's colors were formally uncased at Schofield Barracks , Hawaii . This signified the end of the brigade 's relocation to Hawaii as well as its completion and readiness to take on new missions .

The brigade took command of the 6th , 65th and 84th Engineer battalions .


= = = Third tour in Iraq = = =


The brigade was alerted for another deployment to Operation Iraqi Freedom in summer 2009 . There , its missions will once again include construction , route clearance , and training of Iraqi engineers . Since being alerted for deployment , the brigade began conducting vigorous Mission Rehearsal Exercise ( MRE ) training at Schofield Barracks . Among this training has been updated strategies for detection and clearance of Improvised Explosive Devices . The brigade began its deployment on 17 July 2009 , uncasing its colors in Mosul and taking command of construction projects in the area from the 18th Engineer Brigade .

The 130th Engineer Brigade returned to Schofield Barracks Hawaii from Iraq on 4 June 2010 .


= = = Theater Security Cooperation Program Exercises = = =


Upon the 130th Engineer Brigade 's return from Iraq in 2010 , the 130th Engineer Brigade served as the Theater Engineer Brigade in the PACOM AOR . In this capacity , the brigade provided combat engineering , construction engineering and dive operations support to joint and combined partners at more than 30 Theater Security Cooperation Program ( TSCP ) exercises and multiple company sized deployments to Operations New Dawn and Enduring Freedom .

The 130th Engineer Brigade served as the Combined Joint Civil Military Operations Task Force ( CJMOTF ) for Balikatan 2011 in the Philippines . For over two months , the brigade headquarters along with platoons from the 84th Engineer Battalion built schools and all @-@ purpose facilities . Meanwhile , the brigade 's subordinate joint partners conducted veterinarian and medical events to help improve the lives of the Filipino people . This event sharpened the brigade 's skills at responding to humanitarian aid and disaster response ( HADR ) events throughout the region . Upon completion of BK11 , the brigade shifted its training focus from stability operations to major combat operations . Specifically , the brigade initiated a 9 @-@ month train @-@ up plan for its MCTP graded war @-@ fighter with the 2nd Infantry Division in Korea . Through a series of individual and collective training events the brigade honed , sharpened and in some cases re @-@ learned the skills necessary to achieve victory in a high @-@ intensity conflict . Through UFG12 , 2ID 's War @-@ Path II Exercise , and finally the Full Spectrum Exercise in November 2011 , the 130th Engineer Brigade earned some of the highest marks and accolades ever given to a brigade by the MCTP during a certification war @-@ fighter exercise . Through these series of exercises , the 130th Engineer Brigade helped USFK , 8th Army , and 2ID refine and improve their most significant OPLANs by updating TPFDDs , task organizations , engineer concepts of operations , and combined arms gap @-@ crossing plans . The 130th Engineer Brigade , along with 8th Army and 2ID remain ready to " Fight Tonight " if called upon .


= = = Operation Enduring Freedom = = =


The 130th Engineer Brigade Headquarters and Headquarters Company ( HHC ) , and one of their subordinate battalions , the 65th Engineer Battalion ( Combat Effects ) , deployed in support of Operation Enduring Freedom in September and October 2013 . This marked the brigade headquarters ' first deployment to Afghanistan . After a two @-@ week handover period , the 130th Engineer Brigade officially took over on 2 October 2013 from the 555th Engineer Brigade ( from Joint Base Lewis @-@ McChord , WA ) , Joint Task Force Triple Nickel , thus becoming Joint Task Force Sapper , overseeing U.S. Army , Navy , and Air Force engineer units across Afghanistan . A direct subordinate element of ISAF Joint Command and U.S. Forces @-@ Afghanistan , JTF Sapper constituted the fourth largest command in theater , behind only regional commands . The 130th Engineer Brigade became the core of a provisional multi @-@ role brigade headquarters for engineer operations in Afghanistan with seven subordinate battalions , one Naval Mobile Construction Battalion , and one Engineer Prime Beef Squadron consisting of over 4 @,@ 200 Soldiers , Sailors and Airmen operating in each Regional Command .

From September to December 2013 , Joint Task Force Sapper 's mission in theater was " The Theater Engineer Brigade trains , certifies and advises the ANA Engineers on construction , facility management , and assured mobility capabilities while supporting the retrograde of Coalition Forces through expeditionary construction and assured mobility across the CJOA @-@ A. "

From January to May 2014 , Joint Task Force Sapper 's mission in theater was " Joint Task Force Sapper partners with ANA engineers to enable their independent operations and support the redeployment and retrograde of Coalition Forces through expeditionary construction and deconstruction across the CJOA @-@ A in order to set the conditions for the resolute support mission . "

The 130th Engineer Brigade turned over responsibility as Operation Enduring Freedom 's Theater Engineer Brigade to the 2nd Engineer Brigade ( from Joint Base Elmedorf @-@ Richardson , AK ) , Joint Task Force Trailblazer , on 29 May 2014 . The 130th Engineer Brigade returned to Schofield Barracks , Hawaii from Afghanistan on 4 June 2014 .


= = Honors = =



= = = Unit Decorations = = =



= = = Campaign streamers = = =



