= Battle of Edson 's Ridge =


The Battle of Edson 's Ridge , also known as the Battle of the Bloody Ridge , Battle of Raiders Ridge , and Battle of the Ridge , was a land battle of the Pacific campaign of World War II between Imperial Japanese Army and Allied ( mainly United States Marine Corps ) ground forces . It took place from 12 – 14 September 1942 , on Guadalcanal in the Solomon Islands , and was the second of three separate major Japanese ground offensives during the Guadalcanal Campaign .

In the battle , U.S. Marines , under the overall command of U.S. Major General Alexander Vandegrift , repulsed an attack by the Japanese 35th Infantry Brigade , under the command of Japanese Major General Kiyotake Kawaguchi . The Marines were defending the Lunga perimeter that guarded Henderson Field on Guadalcanal , which was captured from the Japanese by the Allies in landings on Guadalcanal on 7 August 1942 . Kawaguchi 's unit was sent to Guadalcanal in response to the Allied landings with the mission of recapturing the airfield and driving the Allied forces from the island .

Underestimating the strength of Allied forces on Guadalcanal – about 12 @,@ 000 – Kawaguchi 's 6 @,@ 000 soldiers conducted several nighttime frontal assaults on the U.S. defenses . The main Japanese assault occurred around Lunga ridge south of Henderson Field , manned by troops from several U.S. Marine Corps units , primarily troops from the 1st Raider and 1st Parachute Battalions under U.S. Marine Corps Lieutenant Colonel Merritt A. Edson . Although the Marine defenses were almost overrun , Kawaguchi 's attack was ultimately defeated , with heavy losses for the Japanese .

Because of the key participation by Edson 's unit in defending the ridge , the ridge was commonly referred to as " Edson 's " ridge in historical accounts of the battle in Western sources . After Edson 's Ridge , the Japanese continued to send troops to Guadalcanal for further attempts to retake Henderson Field , affecting Japanese offensive operations in other areas of the South Pacific .


= = Background = =



= = = Guadalcanal campaign = = =


On 7 August 1942 , Allied forces ( primarily U.S. ) landed on Guadalcanal , Tulagi , and Florida Islands in the Solomon Islands . The landings on the islands were meant to deny their use by the Japanese as bases for threatening the supply routes between the U.S. and Australia . They were also intended to secure the islands as starting points for a campaign to neutralize the major Japanese base at Rabaul and support the Allied New Guinea campaign . The landings initiated the six @-@ month @-@ long Guadalcanal campaign .

Taking the Japanese by surprise , by nightfall on 8 August the Allied landing forces had secured Tulagi and nearby small islands , as well as an airfield under construction at Lunga Point ( 9 ° 25 ′ 45 ″ S 160 ° 3 ′ 4 ″ E ) on the north shore of the island of Guadalcanal east of the present day capital of Honiara . Vandegrift placed his 11 @,@ 000 troops of the 1st Marine Division on Guadalcanal in a loose perimeter around the Lunga Point area .

On 12 August , the airfield was named Henderson Field after Major Lofton Henderson , a Marine aviator who had been killed at the Battle of Midway . The Allied aircraft and pilots that subsequently operated out of Henderson Field were called the " Cactus Air Force " after the Allied code name for Guadalcanal .

In response to the Allied landings on Guadalcanal , the Japanese Imperial General Headquarters assigned the Imperial Japanese Army 's 17th Army — a corps @-@ sized command based at Rabaul ( 4 ° 11 ′ 56 ″ S 152 ° 9 ′ 57 ″ E ) and under the command of Lieutenant @-@ General Harukichi Hyakutake — with the task of retaking Guadalcanal from Allied forces . The 17th Army — heavily involved with the Japanese campaign in New Guinea — had only a few units available to send to the southern Solomons area . Of these units , the 35th Infantry Brigade — under Major General Kiyotake Kawaguchi — was at Palau , the 4th ( Aoba ) Infantry Regiment was in the Philippines and the 28th ( Ichiki ) Infantry Regiment — under the command of Colonel Kiyonao Ichiki — was embarked on transport ships near Guam . The different units began to move toward Guadalcanal immediately ; Ichiki 's regiment — the closest — arrived first . The " First Element " of Ichiki 's unit — consisting of about 917 soldiers — landed from destroyers at Taivu Point ( 9 ° 24 ′ 38 ″ S 160 ° 20 ′ 56 ″ E ) , about 18 mi ( 29 km ) east of the Lunga perimeter , on August 19 .

Underestimating the strength of Allied forces on Guadalcanal , Ichiki 's First Element conducted a nighttime frontal assault on Marine positions at Alligator Creek on the east side of the Lunga perimeter in the early morning hours of August 21 . Ichiki 's assault was repulsed with devastating losses for the attackers in what became known as the Battle of the Tenaru : all but 128 of the 917 men of the First Element ( including Ichiki himself ) were killed in the battle . The survivors returned to Taivu Point , notified 17th Army headquarters of their defeat in the battle and awaited further reinforcements and orders from Rabaul .

By 23 August , Kawaguchi 's unit had reached Truk and was loaded onto slow transport ships for the rest of the trip to Guadalcanal . Because of the damage caused by Allied air attack to a separate troop convoy during the Battle of the Eastern Solomons , the Japanese decided not to deliver Kawaguchi 's troops to Guadalcanal by slow transport ship ; instead , the ships carrying Kawaguchi 's soldiers were sent to Rabaul . From there , the Japanese planned to deliver Kawaguchi 's men to Guadalcanal by destroyers , staging through a Japanese naval base in the Shortland Islands . The Japanese destroyers were usually able to make the round trip down " The Slot " to Guadalcanal and back in a single night , minimizing their exposure to Allied air attack . However , most of the soldiers ' heavy equipment and supplies , such as heavy artillery , vehicles , and much food and ammunition , could not be taken to Guadalcanal with them . These high @-@ speed destroyer runs to Guadalcanal , which occurred throughout the campaign , were later called the " Tokyo Express " by Allied forces and " Rat Transportation " by the Japanese . The Japanese controlled the seas around the Solomon Islands during the nighttime and were not challenged by the Allies . However , any Japanese ship remaining within the 200 mi ( 320 km ) range of the aircraft at Henderson Field in daylight was in great danger from air attacks . This " curious tactical situation " held for several months .


= = = Troop movement = = =


On 28 August , 600 of Kawaguchi 's troops were loaded onto the destroyers Asagiri , Amagiri , Yugiri , and Shirakumo , designated Destroyer Division 20 ( DD20 ) . Because of a shortage of fuel , DD20 could not make the entire round trip to Guadalcanal at high speed in one night , but had to start the trip earlier in the day so that they could complete the trip by the next morning at a slower speed which conserved fuel . At 18 : 05 that day , 11 U.S. dive bombers from VMSB @-@ 232 under the command of Lt. Col. Richard Mangrum , flew from Henderson Field and located and attacked DD20 about 70 mi ( 110 km ) north of Guadalcanal , sinking Asagiri and heavily damaging Yugiri and Shirakumo . Amagiri took Shirakumo in tow and the three destroyers returned to the Shortlands without completing their mission . The attack on DD20 killed 62 of Kawaguchi 's soldiers and 94 crew members .

Subsequent " Express " runs were more successful . Between 29 August and 4 September , various Japanese light cruisers , destroyers , and patrol boats were able to land almost 5 @,@ 000 troops at Taivu Point , including all of the 35th Infantry Brigade , one battalion of the Aoba Regiment , and the rest of Ichiki 's regiment . General Kawaguchi , who landed at Taivu Point on the 31 August Express run , was placed in command of all the Japanese troops on Guadalcanal . On the night of 4 / 5 September , as three of the Express destroyers — Yūdachi , Hatsuyuki , and Murakumo — prepared to shell Henderson Field after landing their troops , they detected and sank two U.S. ships in the vicinity , the small , old destroyer transports ( called " APDs " by the U.S. Marines ) USS Little and Gregory that were used to shuttle Allied troops around the Guadalcanal / Tulagi area .

In spite of the successes of the destroyer runs , Kawaguchi insisted that as many soldiers of his brigade as possible be delivered to Guadalcanal by slow barges . Therefore , a convoy carrying 1 @,@ 100 of Kawaguchi 's troops and heavy equipment in 61 barges , mainly from the 2nd Battalion , 124th Infantry Regiment under the command of Colonel Akinosuka Oka , departed the northern coast of Santa Isabel Island on 2 September . On 4 – 5 September , aircraft from Henderson Field attacked the barge convoy , killing about 90 of the soldiers in the barges and destroying much of the unit 's heavy equipment . Most of the remaining 1 @,@ 000 troops were able to land near Kamimbo ( 9 ° 15 ′ 32 ″ S 159 ° 40 ′ 18 ″ E ) , west of the Lunga perimeter over the next few days . By 7 September , Kawaguchi had 5 @,@ 200 troops at Taivu Point and 1 @,@ 000 west of the Lunga perimeter . Kawaguchi was confident enough that he could defeat the Allied forces facing him that he declined an offer from the 17th Army for delivery of one more infantry battalion to augment his forces . Kawaguchi believed that there were only about 2 @,@ 000 U.S. Marines on Guadalcanal .

During this time , Vandegrift continued to direct efforts to strengthen and improve the defenses of the Lunga perimeter . Between 21 August and 3 September , he relocated three Marine battalions — including the 1st Raider Battalion , under U.S. Lieutenant Colonel Merritt A. Edson ( Edson 's Raiders ) , and the 1st Parachute Battalion — from Tulagi and Gavutu to Guadalcanal . These units added about 1 @,@ 500 troops to Vandegrift 's original 11 @,@ 000 men defending Henderson Field . The 1st Parachute battalion , which had suffered heavy casualties in the Battle of Tulagi and Gavutu @-@ Tanambogo in August , was placed under Edson 's command .


= = Battle = =



= = = Prelude = = =


Kawaguchi set the date for his attack on the Lunga perimeter for 12 September and began marching his forces west from Taivu towards Lunga Point on 5 September . He radioed 17th Army and requested that it carry out air strikes on Henderson Field beginning on 9 September , and that naval warships be stationed off Lunga Point on September 12 to " destroy any Americans who attempted to flee from the island . " On 7 September , Kawaguchi issued his attack plan to " rout and annihilate the enemy in the vicinity of the Guadalcanal Island airfield . " Kawaguchi 's plan called for his forces to split into three , approach the Lunga perimeter inland , and launch a surprise night attack . Oka 's force would attack the perimeter from the west while Ichiki 's Second Echelon — renamed the Kuma Battalion — would attack from the east . The main attack would be by Kawaguchi 's " Center Body " , numbering 3 @,@ 000 men in three battalions , from the south of the Lunga perimeter . By 7 September , most of Kawaguchi 's troops had started marching from Taivu towards Lunga Point along the coastline . About 250 Japanese troops remained behind to guard the brigade 's supply base at Taivu .

Meanwhile , native island scouts — directed by British government official and officer in the British Solomon Islands Protectorate Defence Force , Martin Clemens — told the Marines of Japanese troops at Taivu , near the village of Tasimboko , about 17 mi ( 27 km ) east of Lunga . Edson launched a raid against the Japanese troops at Taivu . Destroyer transports USS McKean and Manley and two patrol boats took 813 of Edson 's men to Taivu in two trips . Edson and his first wave of 501 troops landed at Taivu at 05 : 20 ( local time ) on 8 September . Supported by aircraft from Henderson Field and gunfire from the destroyer transports , Edson 's men advanced towards Tasimboko village but were slowed by Japanese resistance . At 11 : 00 , the rest of Edson 's men landed . With this reinforcement and more support from the Henderson Field aircraft , Edson 's force pushed into the village . The Japanese defenders , believing a major landing was underway after observing the concurrent approach of an Allied supply ship convoy heading towards Lunga Point , retreated into the jungle , leaving behind 27 dead . Two Marines were killed .

In Tasimboko , Edson 's troops discovered the supply base for Kawaguchi 's forces , including large stockpiles of food , ammunition and medical supplies , and a shortwave radio . The Marines seized documents , equipment and food supplies , destroyed the rest , and returned to the Lunga perimeter at 17 : 30 . The quantities of supplies and intelligence from the captured documents revealed that at least 3 @,@ 000 Japanese troops were on the island and apparently planning an attack .

Edson and Colonel Gerald Thomas , Vandegrift 's operations officer , believed that the Japanese attack would come at the Lunga Ridge , a narrow , grassy , 1 @,@ 000 m ( 1 @,@ 100 yd ) long , coral ridge ( 9 ° 26 ′ 39 ″ S 160 ° 2 ′ 50 ″ E ) parallel to the Lunga River just south of Henderson Field . The ridge offered a natural avenue of approach to the airfield , commanded the surrounding area and was almost undefended . Edson and Thomas tried to persuade Vandegrift to move forces to defend the ridge , but Vandegrift refused , believing that the Japanese were more likely to attack along the coast . Finally , Thomas convinced Vandegrift that the ridge was a good location for Edson 's Raiders to " rest " from their actions of the preceding month . On 11 September , the 840 men of Edson 's unit — including the 1st Raiders and the Paramarines — deployed onto and around the ridge and prepared to defend it .

Kawaguchi 's Center Body of troops was planning to attack the Lunga perimeter at the ridge , which they called " the centipede " ( mukade gata ) because of its shape . On 9 September , Kawaguchi 's troops left the coast at Koli Point . Split into four columns , they marched into the jungle towards their predesignated attack points south and southeast of the airfield . Lack of good maps , at least one faulty compass , and thick , almost impenetrable jungle caused the Japanese columns to proceed slowly and zigzag , costing a lot of time . At the same time , Oka 's troops approached the Lunga perimeter from the west . Oka had some intelligence on the Marine defenses , extracted from a U.S. Army pilot captured on 30 August .

During the day of 12 September , Kawaguchi 's troops struggled through the jungle toward their assembly points for that night 's attacks . Kawaguchi wanted his three Center Body battalions in place by 14 : 00 , but they did not reach their assembly areas until after 22 : 00 . Oka was also delayed in his advance towards the Marine lines in the west . Only the Kuma battalion reported that they were in place on time . Despite the problems in reaching the planned attack positions , Kawaguchi was still confident in his attack plan because a captured U.S. pilot disclosed that the ridge was the weakest part of the Marine defenses . Japanese bombers attacked the ridge during daytime on 11 – 12 September , causing a few casualties , including two killed .


= = = First night 's action = = =


The Americans knew of the approach of the Japanese forces from reports from native scouts and their own patrols , but did not know exactly where or when they would attack . The ridge around which Edson deployed his men consisted of three distinct hillocks . At the southern tip and surrounded on three sides by thick jungle was Hill 80 ( so named because it rose 80 ft ( 24 m ) above sea level ) . Six hundred yards north was Hill 123 ( 123 ft ( 37 m ) high ) , the dominant feature on the ridge . The northernmost hillock was unnamed and about 60 ft ( 18 m ) high . Edson placed the five companies from the Raider battalion on the west side of the ridge and the three Parachute battalion companies on the east side , holding positions in depth from Hill 80 back to Hill 123 . Two of the five Raider companies , " B " and " C " , held a line between the ridge , a small , swampy lagoon , and the Lunga River . Machine @-@ gun teams from " E " Company , the heavy weapons company , were scattered throughout the defenses . Edson placed his command post on Hill 123 .

At 21 : 30 on 12 September , the Japanese cruiser Sendai and three destroyers shelled the Lunga perimeter for 20 minutes and illuminated the ridge with a searchlight . Japanese artillery began shelling the Marine lines , but did little damage . At the same time , scattered groups of Kawaguchi 's troops began skirmishing with Marines around the ridge . Kawaguchi 's 1st Battalion — led by Major Yukichi Kokusho — attacked the Raider 's " C " company between the lagoon and the Lunga River , overrunning at least one platoon and forcing the Marine company to fall back to the ridge . Kokusho 's unit became entangled with troops from Kawaguchi 's 3rd Battalion under Lieutenant Colonel Kusukichi Watanabe , who were still struggling to reach their attack positions , and the resulting confusion effectively stopped the Japanese attack on the ridge that night . Kawaguchi , who was having trouble locating where he was in relation to the U.S. Marine lines as well as coordinating his troops ' attacks , later complained , " Due to the devilish jungle , the brigade was scattered all over and was completely beyond my control . In my whole life I have never felt so disappointed and helpless . " Twelve U.S. Marines were killed ; Japanese casualties are unknown but perhaps somewhat greater . Although both Oka in the west and the Kuma unit in the east tried to attack the Marine lines that night , they failed to make contact and halted near the Marine lines at dawn .

At first light on 13 September , Cactus Air Force aircraft and Marine artillery fired into the area just south of the ridge , forcing any Japanese out in the open to seek cover in the nearby jungle . The Japanese suffered several casualties , including two officers from Watanabe 's battalion . At 05 : 50 , Kawaguchi decided to regroup his forces for another attack that night .


= = = Second night 's action on the ridge = = =


Expecting the Japanese to attack again that night , Edson directed his troops to improve their defenses on and around the ridge . After a failed attempt by two companies to retake the ground on the Marine right flank lost to Kokusho the night before , Edson repositioned his forces . He pulled his front back about 400 yd ( 370 m ) to a line that stretched 1 @,@ 800 yd ( 1 @,@ 600 m ) , starting at the Lunga River and crossing the ridge about 150 yd ( 140 m ) south of Hill 123 . Around and behind Hill 123 he placed five companies . Any Japanese attackers surmounting Hill 80 would have to advance over 400 yd ( 370 m ) of open terrain to close with the Marine positions at Hill 123 . With only a few hours to prepare , the Marines were only able to construct rudimentary and shallow fortifications . They were low on ammunition , with one or two grenades for each Marine . Vandegrift ordered a reserve force consisting of the 2nd Battalion , 5th Marine Regiment ( 2 / 5 ) to move into a position just to the rear of Edson 's troops . In addition , a battery of four 105mm howitzers from the 11th Marine Regiment moved to a location from where it could provide direct fire onto the ridge , and a forward artillery observer was placed with Edson 's front line units .

Late in the afternoon , Edson stepped onto a grenade box and addressed his exhausted troops , saying ,

You men have done a great job , and I have just one more thing to ask of you . Hold out just one more night . I know we 've been without sleep a long time . But we expect another attack from them tonight and they may come through here . I have every reason to believe that we will have reliefs here for all of us in the morning .

Edson 's speech " raised the spirits " of the Raiders and helped them prepare mentally for the night ahead .

As the sun set on 13 September , Kawaguchi faced Edson 's 830 Marines with 3 @,@ 000 troops of his brigade , plus an assortment of light artillery . The night was pitch black , with no moon . At 21 : 00 , seven Japanese destroyers briefly bombarded the ridge . Kawaguchi 's attack began just after nightfall , with Kokusho 's battalion assaulting Raider Company B on the Marine right flank , just to the west of the ridge . The force of the assault caused Company B to fall back to Hill 123 . Under Marine artillery fire , Kokusho reassembled his men and continued his attack . Without pausing to try to " roll @-@ up " the other nearby Marine units , whose flanks were now unprotected , Kokusho 's unit surged forward through the swampy lowlands between the ridge and the Lunga River , heading for the airfield . Kokusho 's men came upon a pile of Marine supplies and rations . Not having eaten adequately for a couple of days , they paused to " gorge themselves " on the " C " and " K " rations . Kokusho ordered his men to continue the attack . At about 03 : 00 , he led them against the Marine units around the northern portion of the ridge , just short of the airfield , as well as Hill 123 . In the heavy fighting that followed , Kokusho and around 100 of his men were killed , ending that attack .

Meanwhile , Kawaguchi 's 2nd Battalion , under Major Masao Tamura , assembled for their planned assault against Hill 80 from the jungle south of the ridge . Marine observers spotted Tamura 's preparations and called in artillery fire . At about 22 : 00 , a barrage from twelve 105 mm ( 4 @.@ 1 in ) guns hit Tamura 's position . In response , two companies of Tamura 's troops — numbering about 320 men — charged up Hill 80 with fixed bayonets behind their own barrage of mortar fire and grenades . Tamura 's attack hit Company B of the Marine Parachute battalion and also Raider Company B , pushing the Parachutists off the east side of the ridge into a draw below the ridgeline . To protect the exposed Raider Company B , Edson immediately ordered them to pull back onto Hill 123 .

At the same time , a Japanese company from Watanabe 's battalion infiltrated through a gap between the east side of the ridge and Parachute Company C. Deciding that their positions were now untenable , Parachute Companies B and C climbed onto the ridge and retreated to a position behind Hill 123 . In the darkness and confusion of the battle , the retreat quickly became confused and disorganized . A few Marines began yelling that the Japanese were attacking with poison gas , scaring other Marines who no longer possessed their gas masks . After arriving behind Hill 123 , some of the Marines continued on towards the airfield , repeating the word " withdraw " to anyone within earshot . Other Marines began to follow them . Just at the moment that it appeared that the Marines on the hill were about to break and head for the rear in a rout , Edson , Major Kenneth D. Bailey from Edson 's staff , and other Marine officers appeared and , with " vivid " language , herded the Marines back into defensive positions around Hill 123 .

As the Marines formed into a horseshoe @-@ shaped line around Hill 123 , Tamura 's battalion began a series of frontal assaults on the hill , charging up the saddle from Hill 80 and up from below the east side of the ridge . Under the light of parachute flares dropped by at least one Japanese floatplane , the Marines repulsed the first two attacks by Tamura 's men . Tamura 's troops hoisted a 75 mm ( 2 @.@ 95 in ) " regimental " gun to the top of Hill 80 in an effort to fire it directly at the Marines . This gun , which " could have turned the tide in favor of the Japanese , " however , was disabled by a faulty firing pin . At midnight , during a short lull in the fighting , Edson ordered Parachute Companies B and C to advance from behind Hill 123 to strengthen his left flank . With fixed bayonets , the Paramarines swept forward , killing Japanese soldiers who had overrun the Marine lines and were apparently preparing to roll up the Marine lines from the flank , and took position on the east side of the hill . Marines from other units , as well as members of Edson 's command staff , including Major Bailey , took ammunition and grenades under fire to the Marines around Hill 123 , who were running critically low . Said Marine participant Captain William J. McKennan , " The Japanese attack was almost constant , like a rain that subsides for a moment and then pours the harder ... When one wave was mowed down - and I mean mowed down - another followed it into death . "

The Japanese hit Edson 's left flank just after the Parachutists took position but were again stopped by Marine rifle , machine @-@ gun , mortar , and grenade fire . Marine 105 mm and 75 mm artillery was also taking a heavy toll on the attacking Japanese . A captured Japanese soldier later said that his unit was " annihilated " by the Marine artillery fire , which only 10 % of his company survived .

By 04 : 00 , after withstanding several more assaults , some of which resulted in hand @-@ to @-@ hand fighting , and severe sniper fire from all sides , Edson 's men were joined by troops from the 2nd Battalion , 5th Marine Regiment , who helped repulse two more Japanese attacks before dawn . Throughout the night , as Kawaguchi 's men came close to overrunning the Marine defenses , Edson remained standing about 20 yd ( 18 m ) behind the Marine firing line on Hill 123 , exhorting his troops and directing their defensive efforts . Said Marine Captain Tex Smith , who was in position to observe Edson for most of the night , " I can say that if there is such a thing as one man holding a battalion together , Edson did it that night . He stood just behind the front lines – stood , when most of us hugged the ground . "

During the heavy fighting , portions of three Japanese companies , including two from Tamura 's and one from Watanabe 's battalions , skirted the Marine defenses on the ridge , while suffering heavy losses from Marine gunfire , and reached the edge of " Fighter One " , a secondary runway of Henderson Field . A counterattack by the Marine engineers stopped one Japanese company 's advances and forced it to retreat . The other two companies waited at the edge of the jungle for reinforcements to arrive before attacking into the open area around the airfield . When no reinforcements joined them , both companies went back to their original positions south of the ridge after daybreak . Most of the rest of Watanabe 's battalion did not participate in the battle because they lost contact with their commander during the night .

As the sun rose on 14 September , pockets of Japanese soldiers remained scattered along both sides of the ridge . But with Tamura 's battalion shattered after losing ¾ of its officers and men , and with heavy casualties to his other attacking units as well , Kawaguchi 's assault on the ridge had effectively ended . About 100 Japanese soldiers still remained in the open on the south slope of Hill 80 , perhaps preparing for one more charge on Hill 123 . At first light , three U.S. Army aircraft from the 67th Fighter Squadron at Henderson Field , acting on a request personally delivered by Bailey , strafed the Japanese near Hill 80 and killed most of them , with the few survivors retreating back into the jungle .


= = = Kuma and Oka attacks = = =


As the battle on the ridge took place , Kawaguchi 's Kuma and Oka units also attacked the Marine defenses on the east and west sides of the Lunga perimeter . The Kuma battalion — led by Major Takeshi Mizuno — attacked the southeastern sector of the Lunga perimeter , defended by Marines of the 3rd Battalion , 1st Marine Regiment ( 3 / 1 ) . Mizuno 's attack started around midnight , with one company attacking through Marine artillery fire and engaging in hand @-@ to @-@ hand combat with the Marine defenders before being thrown back . Mizuno was killed in the attack . After daybreak , the Marines , believing that the rest of Mizuno 's battalion was still in the area , sent forward six light tanks without infantry support to sweep the area in front of the Marine lines ; four Japanese 37 mm ( 1 @.@ 46 in ) anti @-@ tank guns destroyed or disabled three of them . After abandoning their burning tanks , several of the disabled tanks ' crewmembers were bayoneted and killed by the Japanese . One tank tumbled down an embankment into the Tenaru River , drowning its crew .

At 23 : 00 on 14 September , the remnants of the Kuma battalion conducted another attack on the same portion of the Marine lines , but were repulsed . A final " weak " attack by the Kuma unit on the evening of 15 September was also defeated .

Oka 's unit of about 650 men attacked the Marines at several locations on the west side of the Lunga perimeter . At about 04 : 00 on 14 September , two Japanese companies attacked positions held by the 3rd Battalion , 5th Marine Regiment ( 3 / 5 ) near the coast and were thrown back with heavy losses . Another Japanese company captured a small ridge somewhat inland but was then pinned down by Marine artillery fire throughout the day and took heavy losses before withdrawing on the evening of 14 September . The rest of Oka 's unit failed to find the Marine lines and did not participate in the attack .


= = Aftermath = =


At 13 : 05 on 14 September , Kawaguchi led the survivors of his shattered brigade away from the ridge and deeper into the jungle , where they rested and tended to their wounded all the next day . Kawaguchi 's units were then ordered to withdraw west to the Matanikau River valley to join with Oka 's unit , a 6 mi ( 9 @.@ 7 km ) march over difficult terrain . Kawaguchi 's troops began the march on the morning of 16 September . Almost every soldier able to walk had to help carry the wounded . As the march progressed , the exhausted and hungry soldiers , who had eaten their last rations on the morning before their withdrawal , began to discard their heavy equipment and then their rifles . By the time most of them reached Oka 's positions at Kokumbona five days later , only half still carried their weapons . The Kuma battalion 's survivors , attempting to follow Kawaguchi 's Center Body forces , became lost , wandered for three weeks in the jungle , and almost starved to death before finally reaching Kawaguchi 's camp .

In total , Kawaguchi 's forces lost about 830 killed in the attack , including 350 in Tamura 's battalion , 200 in Kokusho 's battalion , 120 in Oka 's force , 100 in the Kuma battalion , and 60 in Watanabe 's battalion . An unknown number of wounded also died during the withdrawal march to the Matanikau . On and around the ridge , the Marines counted 500 Japanese dead , including 200 on the slopes of Hill 123 . The Marines suffered 80 killed between 12 and 14 September .

On 17 September , Vandegrift sent two companies from the 1st Battalion , 1st Marine Regiment ( 1 / 1 ) to pursue the retreating Japanese . The Marines were ambushed by two Japanese companies acting as rear @-@ guards for the withdrawal , and one Marine platoon was pinned down as the rest of the Marines retreated . The Marine company commander requested permission to attempt to rescue his platoon but was denied by Vandegrift . By nightfall , the Japanese overran and nearly annihilated the platoon , killing 24 Marines with only a few wounded members of the platoon surviving . On 20 September , a patrol from Edson 's Raiders encountered stragglers from Kawaguchi 's retreating column and called in artillery fire that killed 19 of them .

As the Japanese regrouped west of the Matanikau , the U.S. forces concentrated on shoring up and strengthening their Lunga defenses . On 14 September , Vandegrift moved another battalion , the 3rd Battalion , 2nd Marine Regiment ( 3 / 2 ) , from Tulagi to Guadalcanal . On 18 September , an Allied naval convoy delivered 4 @,@ 157 men from the 3rd Provisional Marine Brigade ( the U.S. 7th Marine Regiment augmented by additional support units ) to Guadalcanal . These reinforcements allowed Vandegrift — beginning on 19 September — to establish an unbroken line of defense around the Lunga perimeter . Vandegrift 's forces ' next significant clashes with the Japanese occurred along the Matanikau River from 23 – 27 September and 6 – 9 October .


= = Significance = =


On 15 September , General Hyakutake at Rabaul learned of Kawaguchi 's defeat , the Imperial Japanese Army 's first defeat involving a unit of this size in the war . The general forwarded the news to the Imperial General Headquarters in Japan . In an emergency session , the top Japanese army and navy command staffs concluded that , " Guadalcanal might develop into the decisive battle of the war . " The results of the battle began to have a telling strategic impact on Japanese operations in other areas of the Pacific . Hyakutake realized that , in order to send sufficient troops and materiel to defeat the Allied forces on Guadalcanal , he could no longer support the major Japanese offensive on the Kokoda Track in New Guinea . Hyakutake — with the concurrence of the General Headquarters — ordered his troops on New Guinea , who were within 30 mi ( 48 km ) of their objective of Port Moresby — to withdraw until the Guadalcanal matter was resolved . The Japanese were never able to restart their drive towards Port Moresby ; the defeat at Edson 's Ridge contributed not only to Japan 's defeat in the Guadalcanal campaign , but also to Japan 's ultimate defeat throughout the South Pacific .

After delivering more forces during the next month the Japanese mounted a major ground offensive on Guadalcanal , led by Hyakutake , in late October 1942 at the Battle for Henderson Field , but it resulted in an even more decisive defeat for the Japanese . Vandegrift later stated that Kawaguchi 's assault on the ridge in September was the only time during the entire campaign he had doubts about the outcome and that had it succeeded , " we would have been in a pretty bad condition . " Historian Richard B. Frank adds , " The Japanese never came closer to victory on the island itself than in September 1942 , on a ridge thrusting up from the jungle just south of the critical airfield , best known ever after as Bloody Ridge . "



= New Jersey Route 50 =


Route 50 is a state highway in the southern part of the U.S. state of New Jersey . It runs 26 @.@ 02 mi ( 41 @.@ 88 km ) from an intersection with U.S. Route 9 ( US 9 ) and the Garden State Parkway in Upper Township , Cape May County to an intersection with US 30 and County Route 563 ( CR 563 ) in Egg Harbor City , Atlantic County . The route , which is mostly a two @-@ lane undivided road , passes through mostly rural areas of Atlantic and Cape May counties as well as the communities of Tuckahoe , Corbin City , Estell Manor , and Mays Landing . NJ 50 intersects several roads , including Route 49 in Tuckahoe , US 40 in Mays Landing , and US 322 and the Atlantic City Expressway in Hamilton Township .

The portion of current Route 50 between Seaville and Petersburg received funding in 1910 to become a spur of the Ocean Highway . In 1917 , what is now Route 50 was designated a part of pre @-@ 1927 Route 14 , a route that was to run from Cape May to Egg Harbor City . Route 50 was designated onto its current alignment in 1927 , replacing this portion of pre @-@ 1927 Route 14 . In 1960 , a freeway was proposed for Route 50 , running from the Garden State Parkway in Dennis Township to US 30 in Mullica Township . This proposal was canceled by the mid @-@ 1970s due to financial and environmental concerns as well as lack of traffic . The interchange between Route 50 and the Atlantic City Expressway was reconstructed into a full interchange , with completion in June 2010 .


= = Route description = =


Route 50 begins at an intersection with US 9 in the Seaville section of Upper Township , Cape May County , heading to the north on a two @-@ lane undivided road . From the southern terminus , a ramp provides access to and from the southbound Garden State Parkway . The road heads north through mostly rural wooded areas with some buildings . It intersects CR 671 in Greenfield before coming to a junction with CR 616 . Later , Route 50 Cedar Swamp Creek in an area of marshland . At this crossing , the road runs closely parallel to a Conrail Shared Assets Operations railroad line before entering Petersburg , where it splits from the railroad tracks and comes to a crossroad with CR 610 . Upon leaving Petersburg , Route 50 turns to the north again and crosses over the Conrail Shared Assets Operations railroad line , intersecting CR 631 . It continues to Tuckahoe and comes to CR 669 . Past this intersection , the route meets CR 557 and CR 664 . Route 50 forms a concurrency with CR 557 and the two routes head north and encounter the eastern terminus of Route 49 before leaving Tuckahoe .

Not far after Route 49 , the road crosses the Tuckahoe River into Corbin City , Atlantic County . In Corbin City , it heads into residential areas , with CR 611 looping to the west of the route . Route 50 and CR 557 continue northwest and intersect CR 648 , where the road turns north into more forested areas . At the junction with CR 645 , the route turns to the northeast and enters Estell Manor , becoming Broad Street . CR 557 splits from Route 50 by heading northwest on Buena Tuckahoe Road and Route 50 heads through some agricultural clearings concurrent with CR 557 Truck , passing to the west of the MacNamara Wildlife Area , which is known as a breeding ground for several species of birds . The route intersects CR 637 , turning to the northeast .

After passing some homes and Stephen Lake , the road turns to the north and passes to the west of Estell Manor County Park . The route crosses the South River into Weymouth Township , passing the residential community of Belcoville to the east and meeting CR 669 . It soon enters Hamilton Township , where the name of the road becomes Mill Street and it comes to a junction with US 40 ( Harding Highway ) . CR 557 Truck heads to the west on US 40 at this point while Route 50 heads east on US 40 , and CR 616 continues north .

US 40 and NJ 50 follow the Harding Highway , a two @-@ lane undivided road , turning to the northeast and crossing the Great Egg Harbor River . Upon passing over the river , enters Mays Landing and turns north , encountering CR 617 before passing over an abandoned railroad line and heading into the downtown area of Mays Landing . Here , the road crosses CR 559 , and US 40 splits from NJ 50 by turning east along that road . Meanwhile , Route 50 continues north on Cape May Avenue , passing through developed areas . It leaves Mays Landing and heads into back into forests . The route turns to the northeast , passing near the Clover Leaf Lakes residential development , before coming to an interchange with US 322 ( Black Horse Pike ) .

Past this interchange , Route 50 widens to a four @-@ lane divided highway and reaches a full interchange with the Atlantic City Expressway . The route becomes a two @-@ lane undivided road again and continues through inhabited areas , crossing into Galloway Township , where there is an intersection with CR 686 . A short distance later , the road crosses New Jersey Transit ’ s Atlantic City Line near the Egg Harbor City Station and enters Egg Harbor City , turning into Philadelphia Avenue . A block after the railroad crossing , Route 50 ends at an intersection with US 30 and CR 563 ( White Horse Pike ) , with CR 563 continuing north on Philadelphia Avenue at this point .

Route 50 is an important route linking the Atlantic City Expressway with the Jersey Shore resorts in Cape May County , serving as an alternate to more congested routes . It also serves as evacuation route from Cape May County to inland areas in the event of a hurricane .


= = History = =


The portion of current Route 50 between Seaville and Petersburg received funding to become a spur of the Ocean Highway in 1910 . The modern @-@ day alignment of Route 50 was legislated as part of pre @-@ 1927 Route 14 in 1917 , a route that was to run from Cape May to Egg Harbor City . In the 1927 New Jersey state highway renumbering , the portion of pre @-@ 1927 Route 14 between Seaville and Egg Harbor City was designated as Route 50 , the highest state route number assigned in the renumbering . Route 50 retained its current routing in the 1953 New Jersey state highway renumbering . A freeway was proposed for Route 50 around 1960 , running from the Garden State Parkway in Dennis Township north to US 30 in Mullica Township . This proposed freeway was intended to provide economic development to the region as well as provide a better route to the Jersey Shore resorts of Cape May County for travelers from the Delaware Valley . However , this freeway was canceled by the mid @-@ 1970s due to financial and environmental concerns as well as lack of traffic along Route 50 . On November 21 , 2008 , construction began on making the interchange with the Atlantic City Expressway a full interchange as part of a series of improvements set for the Atlantic City Expressway . This project was completed on June 18 , 2010 .


= = Major intersections = =




= Air Rhodesia Flight 825 =


Air Rhodesia Flight 825 was a scheduled passenger flight that was shot down by the Zimbabwe People 's Revolutionary Army ( ZIPRA ) on 3 September 1978 , during the Rhodesian Bush War . The aircraft involved , a Vickers Viscount named the Hunyani , was flying the last leg of Air Rhodesia 's regular scheduled service from Victoria Falls to the capital Salisbury , via the resort town of Kariba .

Soon after Flight 825 took off , a group of ZIPRA guerrillas scored a direct hit on its starboard wing with a Soviet @-@ made Strela 2 surface @-@ to @-@ air infrared homing missile , critically damaging the aircraft and forcing an emergency landing . An attempted belly landing in a cotton field just west of Karoi was foiled by an unseen ditch , which caused the plane to cartwheel and break up . Of the 52 passengers and four crew , 38 died in this crash ; the insurgents then approached the wreckage , rounded up the 10 survivors they could see and massacred them with automatic gunfire . Three passengers survived by hiding in the surrounding bush , while a further five lived because they had gone to look for water before the guerrillas arrived .

ZIPRA leader Joshua Nkomo publicly claimed responsibility for shooting down the Hunyani in an interview with the BBC 's Today programme the same evening , saying the aircraft had been used for military purposes , but denied that his men had killed survivors on the ground . The majority of Rhodesians , both black and white , saw the attack as an act of terrorism . A fierce white Rhodesian backlash followed against perceived enemies , with many whites becoming violently resentful and suspicious of blacks in general , even though few black Rhodesians supported attacks of this kind . Reports viewing the attack negatively appeared in international journals such as Time magazine , but there was almost no acknowledgement of it by overseas governments , much to the Rhodesian government 's indignation .

Talks between Nkomo and Prime Minister Ian Smith , which had been progressing promisingly , were immediately suspended by the furious Rhodesians , with Smith calling Nkomo a " monster " . On 10 September , Smith announced the extension of martial law over selected areas . The Rhodesian Security Forces launched several retaliatory strikes into Zambia and Mozambique over the following months , attacking both ZIPRA and its rival , the Zimbabwe African National Liberation Army ( ZANLA ) . The attack on ZIPRA in particular brought great controversy as many of those killed were refugees camping in and around guerrilla positions . Five months later , in February 1979 , ZIPRA shot down Air Rhodesia Flight 827 , another civilian flight , in an almost identical incident .


= = Background = =


A dispute over the terms for the granting of full sovereignty to the self @-@ governing colony of Rhodesia ( or Southern Rhodesia ) led the colonial government , headed by Prime Minister Ian Smith , to unilaterally declare independence from the United Kingdom on 11 November 1965 . The idea of " no independence before majority rule " had recently gained ground in Britain and elsewhere amid decolonisation , and Rhodesia 's government was dominated by the country 's white minority , so the unilateral declaration went unrecognised internationally . Britain and the United Nations imposed economic sanctions on Rhodesia .

Two rival communist @-@ backed black nationalist groups initiated military campaigns to overthrow the government and introduce majority rule : the Chinese @-@ aligned Zimbabwe African National Union ( ZANU ) , mostly comprising Shonas , created the Zimbabwe African National Liberation Army ( ZANLA ) and adopted aspects of Maoist doctrine , while the Ndebele @-@ dominated Zimbabwe African People 's Union ( ZAPU ) , aligned with Soviet @-@ style Marxism – Leninism and the Warsaw Pact , mobilised the Zimbabwe People 's Revolutionary Army ( ZIPRA ) . These guerrilla armies proceeded to wage what they called the " Second Chimurenga " against the Rhodesian government and security forces . The resulting conflict , the Rhodesian Bush War , began in earnest in December 1972 , when ZANLA attacked Altena and Whistlefield Farms in north @-@ eastern Rhodesia .

After the security forces mounted a successful counter @-@ insurgency campaign during 1973 and 1974 , developments overseas caused the conflict 's momentum to shift in the insurgents ' favour . The leftist Carnation Revolution of April 1974 caused Portugal to withdraw its key economic support for Smith 's administration , and led to Mozambique 's independence the following year as a communist state openly allied with ZANU . Around the same time , Rhodesia 's other main backer , South Africa , adopted a détente initiative that forced a ceasefire , giving the guerrillas time to regroup . Following the abortive Victoria Falls Conference of August 1975 , Smith and the ZAPU leader Joshua Nkomo held unsuccessful talks between December 1975 and March 1976 . ZANU and ZAPU announced in October 1976 , during the run @-@ up to the unsuccessful Geneva Conference in December , that they would henceforth attend conferences as a joint " Patriotic Front " .

In March 1978 , Smith and non @-@ militant nationalist groups headed by Bishop Abel Muzorewa , the Reverend Ndabaningi Sithole and Chief Jeremiah Chirau agreed what became the " Internal Settlement " . This created a joint black – white transitional government , with the country due to be reconstituted as Zimbabwe Rhodesia in June 1979 , pursuant to multiracial elections . ZANU and ZAPU were invited to participate , but refused ; Nkomo sardonically dubbed Smith 's black colleagues " the blacksmiths " . ZANU proclaimed 1978 to be " The Year of the People " as the war continued . Officials from Muzorewa 's United African National Council , sent to the provinces to explain the Internal Settlement to rural blacks , were killed by Marxist – Leninist guerrillas . Insurgents also began to target Christian missionaries , climaxing in the killing of nine British missionaries and four children at Elim Mission near the Mozambican border on 23 June .

The transitional government was badly received abroad , partly because the Internal Settlement kept control of law enforcement , the military , the judiciary and the civil service under white control . No country recognised Rhodesia 's interim administration . Smith again worked to bring Nkomo into the government , hoping this would lend it some credence domestically , prompt diplomatic recognition overseas , and help the security forces defeat ZANLA . Starting on 14 August 1978 , he attended secret meetings with Nkomo in Lusaka , Zambia ( where ZAPU was based ) , doing so with the assistance of the mining corporation Lonrho . Attempts were made to also involve the ZANU leader Robert Mugabe , but Mugabe would have no part in the talks . According to the South African military historian Jakkie Cilliers , negotiations between Smith and Nkomo progressed well and " seemed on the verge of success " by the start of September 1978 . On 2 September , Smith and Nkomo revealed publicly that the secret meetings had taken place .


= = Incident = =



= = = Prior threats to Rhodesian air traffic = = =


Rhodesian air traffic was not seriously threatened until about 1977 , in the latter stages of the war ; before this time , neither revolutionary force had the weapons to launch a viable attack against an aerial target . The weapon that made such attacks feasible for ZIPRA was the Strela 2 shoulder @-@ launched surface @-@ to @-@ air missile launcher , supplied by the Soviet Union from the mid @-@ 1970s as part of the Warsaw Pact 's materiel support . By September 1978 , there had been 20 reported attempts to shoot down Rhodesian military aircraft using these weapons , none of which had been successful . Some Rhodesian Air Force Dakotas had been hit , but all had survived and landed safely . No civilian aircraft had yet been targeted during the Bush War .


= = = Flight = = =


Air Rhodesia was the country 's national airline , established by the government on 1 September 1967 to succeed Central African Airways , which was dissolved at the end of that year . Based at Salisbury Airport , Air Rhodesia 's flight network during the late 1970s comprised a domestic programme of passenger and cargo flights , as well as international services to the South African cities of Johannesburg and Durban .

The Flight 825 aircraft was a Vickers Viscount 782D , a British @-@ made turboprop aircraft with two engines on each wing . It was named the Hunyani after the river of the same name , which flowed between Lake Kariba and the Rhodesian capital Salisbury .

The Hunyani was on the second and final leg of its regular scheduled journey between Victoria Falls and Salisbury , stopping over in the resort town of Kariba . Despite the occasional rocket and mortar attacks launched on Kariba by ZIPRA guerrillas on the northern side of the Zambezi ( in Zambia ) , the resort had endured as one of Rhodesia 's choice tourist destinations . The flight on 3 September 1978 , Sunday afternoon , from Kariba to Salisbury carried four crew members and 52 passengers , most of whom were holidaymakers from Salisbury , returning home after a weekend at the lake . The flight took off from Kariba Airport on schedule soon after 17 : 00 Central Africa Time .

Flight 825 was piloted by 36 @-@ year @-@ old Captain John Hood , a native of Bulawayo who had gained his commercial pilot licence in 1966 . He had flown Viscounts for Air Rhodesia since 1968 , and had also served in the Rhodesian Air Force on a voluntary basis . His first officer , Garth Beaumont , was 31 years old , and had lived in Rhodesia for most of his life , having immigrated as a child from South Africa . The two air stewardesses were Dulcie Esterhuizen , 21 years old and from Bulawayo , and 23 @-@ year @-@ old Louise Pearson , from Salisbury .


= = = Shootdown = = =


A group of ZIPRA guerrillas , armed with a Strela @-@ 2 launcher , waited in the bush beneath Flight 825 's flightpath , and fired on the Hunyani about five minutes after it took off , while the aircraft was still in the climb phase of its flight . The heat @-@ seeking missile hit the plane 's starboard wing and exploded , causing the inner engine to also explode . A fuel tank and hydraulic lines ruptured , creating a fire that the passengers and crew could not put out . The second starboard engine failed almost immediately , leaving Hood with only his two port engines . Heaving wildly , the Hunyani began to descend rapidly .

At 17 : 10 Captain Hood sent a distress call to air traffic control , informing them that he had lost the two starboard engines and was going to crash . " We 're going in , " he radioed . Telling his passengers to brace for an emergency landing , he aimed for an open field of cotton in the Whamira Hills , in the bush to the west of Karoi , intending to belly land the craft . The landing was relatively stable until the Hunyani hit a previously unseen ditch , cartwheeled and exploded . The remaining fuel tanks ruptured and caught fire , setting the wrecked cabin ablaze .


= = = Massacre on the ground = = =


Of the 56 people on board , 38 , including Hood and Beaumont , died in the crash . Eighteen survived , albeit with injuries , and climbed out of the wreckage . After briefly settling the others , one of the passengers , Dr Cecil MacLaren , led four others — young newlyweds Robert and Shannon Hargreaves , Mrs Sharon Coles , and her four @-@ year @-@ old daughter Tracey — off in the direction of a nearby village in search of water . The other 13 remained close to the wreckage . Meanwhile , nine guerrillas made their way towards the crash site , and reached it at about 17 : 45 . Three of the 13 survivors remaining at the crash site hid on seeing figures approaching : Rhodesian Army reservist Anthony Hill , 39 , took cover in the surrounding bush , while businessman Hans Hansen and his wife Diana did the same . This left 10 passengers in full view near the wreckage , including four women and two girls ( aged 11 and 4 ) .

The guerrillas , who were armed with AK @-@ 47 rifles , presented themselves to the 10 passengers as friendly , saying they would summon help and bring water . They spoke in English , both to the survivors and among themselves . They told the passengers to congregate around a point a few metres from the wreckage ; when the survivors said that some of them were too badly injured to walk , the insurgents told the able @-@ bodied men to carry the others . The passengers were assembled into an area of about 10 square metres ( 110 sq ft ) . Standing roughly 15 metres ( 49 ft ) away , the cadres now raised their weapons . " You have taken our land , " one of them said . " Please don 't shoot us ! " one of the passengers cried , just before they were killed by a sustained burst of automatic gunfire .

Having collected water from the nearby village , MacLaren and his companions were almost back at the crash site when they heard the shots . Thinking it was personal ammunition in the luggage exploding in the heat , they continued on their way , and called out to the other passengers , who they thought were still alive . This alerted the insurgents to the presence of more survivors ; one of the guerrillas told MacLaren 's group to " come here " . The insurgents then opened fire on their general location , prompting MacLaren and the others to flee . Hill and the Hansens also ran ; they revealed their positions to the fighters in their haste , but successfully hid themselves behind a ridge . After Hill and the others had hidden there for about two hours , they saw the attackers return to the crash site at about 19 : 45 . The guerrillas looted the wrecked cabin and some of the suitcases strewn around the site , filled their arms with various passengers ' belongings , then left again .

The survivors were found over the following days by the Rhodesian Army and police ; Hill and Mr and Mrs Hansen were taken to Kariba Hospital , while MacLaren and his group were airlifted to Andrew Fleming Hospital in Salisbury .


= = = Nkomo claims responsibility , but denies killing survivors = = =


Nkomo claimed responsibility for the attack in an interview with the BBC 's Today radio programme the next day , laughing as he did so , to the horror of most Rhodesian observers , both black and white . He said that he had received intelligence that the Hunyani was being used for military purposes . Nkomo said he regretted the deaths as it was not his party 's policy to kill civilians , and denied that his men had killed any survivors on the ground ; by contrast , he said that his men had helped them , and had left them alive . He also accused Air Rhodesia of surreptitiously hauling troops and war materiel for the government , an allegation that Captain Pat Travers , Air Rhodesia 's general manager , called a " downright , deliberate lie " .

According to Eliakim Sibanda , a professor and human rights speaker who wrote a history of ZAPU , Nkomo was implying that responsibility for the massacre actually lay with security force pseudo @-@ guerrillas , more specifically the mixed race Selous Scouts unit , which had often been accused of brutalising rural civilians with the goal of shifting public opinion . Sibanda asserts that the massacre " cannot be put beyond " the Scouts , and also supports Nkomo 's claim that the Hunyani had been used militarily , suggesting that ZIPRA might have believed there to be Rhodesian soldiers on board . " Rhodesian television , before attacks on ZANLA in Mozambique , had shown Viscounts ferrying paratroopers for the job , " he writes , " ... [ and ] ZIPRA intelligence knew there were paratroopers stationed [ at Victoria Falls ] " .


= = Reactions = =



= = = White Rhodesians turn against blacks = = =


A report published in the American magazine Time a fortnight later described the incident as " a genuine horror story , calculated to make the most alarming of Rhodesian doomsday prophecies seem true . " Indeed , the white community in Rhodesia heard the news with fury , and many turned their minds to exacting retribution for what they and many others saw as an act of terrorism . The prominent Indian @-@ Rhodesian Gulab family was particularly affected by the incident , having lost eight members in the attack . Though Rhodesian authorities did not immediately acknowledge the cause of the crash , doing so only after four days ' investigation , the truth was common knowledge in Salisbury within hours . Smith wrote in his memoirs that the " degree of anger ... [ was ] difficult to control " . White South Africans were similarly enraged , particularly after reports appeared in the South African press that the killers had raped the female passengers before massacring them . A Friends of Rhodesia Society in South Africa offered a reward of R100,000 to anybody who would either kill Nkomo or bring him to Salisbury to stand trial .

Geoffrey Nyarota , who was then one of the few black reporters at the Rhodesia Herald newspaper , later wrote in his memoirs that many whites became resentful and wary towards blacks in general , believing them all to be " terrorist sympathisers " . Describing the Herald newsroom the night of the incident , he relates a " vile collective temper " among the white sub @-@ editors : " They cursed until their voices became hoarse , threatening dire consequences for all terrs and munts or kaffirs ... I sensed that some of the more derogatory remarks made in unnecessarily loud voices that evening were meant specifically for my ears . "

Several racially motivated incidents occurred over the following days . According to the Time article , a group of whites entered an unsegregated Salisbury bar " fingering the triggers of rifles " and forced blacks drinking there to leave . Time also reported a rumour that two white youths , on learning of the massacre , shot the first black man they saw . Smith says that several would @-@ be vigilante groups sought his permission to venture into the bush around the crash site to " make the local people pay for their crime of harbouring and assisting the terrorists " . He instructed them not to , according to his memoirs , telling them that many rural blacks only assisted the guerrillas under extreme duress , and that it would not do to attack them . Many Rhodesians also resented the apparent lack of sympathy emanating from overseas governments , especially considering the character of the attack and its civilian target .


= = = Memorial service , 8 September 1978 = = =


At a memorial service held on 8 September 1978 for Flight 825 's passengers and crew at Salisbury 's Anglican Cathedral , about 2 @,@ 000 people crowded inside , with another 500 standing outside on the steps and pavement , many listening to the service inside on portable radio sets . Prominent among those present in the cathedral were uniformed Air Rhodesia and South African Airways personnel , as well as Rhodesian Special Air Service soldiers and senior officers from other military units . Smith and several government ministers also attended , including P K van der Byl , the co @-@ Minister of Foreign Affairs .

Dean John de Costa gave a sermon damning what he described as a " deafening silence " from overseas . " Nobody who holds sacred the dignity of human life can be anything but sickened at the events attending the Viscount , " he said . " But are we deafened with the voice of protest from nations who call themselves civilised ? We are not ! Like men in the story of the Good Samaritan , they pass by on the other side ... The ghastliness of this ill @-@ fated flight from Kariba will be burnt upon our memories for years to come . For others , far from our borders , it is an intellectual matter , not one which affects them deeply . Here is the tragedy ! "


= = = Smith – Nkomo talks halted = = =


The talks between Smith and the ZAPU leader that had been progressing so promisingly were immediately halted by Salisbury . Smith himself called Nkomo a " monster " . Cilliers comments that the ending of the Smith – Nkomo talks at this time was " potentially the most serious result of the Viscount massacre " , as the talks had been progressing well before the incident . He surmises that an agreement between the two " at this critical stage " might have helped the transitional Rhodesian government to secure international recognition .

On 10 September , the Prime Minister announced to the nation that certain areas of the country would be placed under a variation of martial law , which he said would be applied in particular regions as and when needed . He declared Rhodesia 's intent to " liquidate the internal workings of those organisations associated with terrorism " , and warned neighbouring countries to prepare for " any defensive strikes we might undertake " against guerrilla bases in their respective territories . He claimed that the war had escalated because Britain and the United States were supporting the Patriotic Front . William Irvine , the co @-@ Minister of Transport , warned the guerrillas that Rhodesia " w [ ould ] not let these innocents go unavenged " .


= = Rhodesia strikes back = =



= = = Operation Snoopy ; Rhodesia hits New Chimoio = = =


Because ZAPU and ZIPRA were based in Zambia , many Rhodesians clamoured for a massive retaliatory strike against terrorist targets in that country , but the first external target hit by the security forces following the Viscount shootdown was the prominent cluster of ZANLA bases around Chimoio in Mozambique . The Rhodesian military had struck these bases extensively in November 1977 during Operation Dingo , destroying much of the ZANLA presence there , but the insurgents had since built a complex called " New Chimoio " , slightly to the east ; the new camps were distributed across a far larger area than the originals . In a combined airborne @-@ ground assault called Operation Snoopy , the Rhodesian Air Force , Rhodesian Light Infantry and Special Air Service wiped out much of New Chimoio on 20 September 1978 . Mozambique sent armour to ZANLA 's aid in the form of nine Soviet @-@ made T @-@ 54 tanks and four Russian BTR @-@ 152 armoured personnel carriers , but the former were routed and one of the latter destroyed by the Rhodesian security forces . According to Rhodesian figures , there were " several hundred " guerrillas killed , while the security forces lost only two soldiers , one of whom was accidentally killed by a friendly air strike .


= = = Operation Gatling ; the " Green Leader " raid = = =


Rhodesia then attacked ZIPRA 's bases in Zambia , in what Group Captain Peter Petter @-@ Bowyer later described as " payback time " for Flight 825 . Operation Gatling , launched on 19 October 1978 , was another joint @-@ force operation between the Air Force and the Army , which contributed Special Air Service and Rhodesian Light Infantry paratroopers . Gatling 's primary target , just 16 kilometres ( 10 miles ) north @-@ east of central Lusaka , was the formerly white @-@ owned Westlands Farm , which had been transformed into ZIPRA 's main headquarters and training base under the name " Freedom Camp " . ZIPRA presumed that Rhodesia would never dare to attack a site so close to Lusaka . About 4 @,@ 000 guerrillas underwent training at Freedom Camp , with senior ZIPRA staff also on site . The Rhodesian operation 's other targets were Chikumbi , 19 kilometres ( 12 miles ) north of Lusaka , and Mkushi Camp ; all three were to be attacked more or less simultaneously in a coordinated sweep across Zambia . Assaulting targets deep inside Zambia was a first for the Rhodesian forces ; previously only guerrillas near the border had been attacked .

Led by Squadron Leader Chris Dixon , who identified himself to Lusaka Airport tower as " Green Leader " , a Rhodesian Air Force group flew into Zambia at very low altitudes ( thereby avoiding Zambian radar ) and took control of the country 's airspace for about a quarter of an hour during the initial assault on Westlands Farm , informing Lusaka tower that the attack was against " Rhodesian dissidents , and not against Zambia " , and that Rhodesian Hawker Hunters were circling the Zambian airfields under orders to shoot down any fighter that attempted to take off . The Zambians obeyed all of Green Leader 's instructions , made no attempt to resist and temporarily halted civil air traffic . Using Rufunsa airstrip in eastern Zambia as a forward base , the Rhodesian military suffered only minor casualties during the three @-@ day operation , and afterwards claimed to have killed over 1 @,@ 500 ZIPRA personnel , as well as some Cuban instructors .

Historians Paul Moorcraft and Peter McLaughlin write that this exaggerated considerably the actual number of guerrillas killed , as most of Nkomo 's army , then numbering about 10 @,@ 000 fighters , had not been touched . On the other hand , unarmed refugees often camped in or around insurgent positions , and hundreds of these had been killed in the Rhodesian raid . Moorcraft and McLaughlin comment that for the Rhodesian airmen , it would have been " impossible to distinguish innocent refugees from young ZIPRA recruits . " Sibanda describes Freedom Camp as " a refugee camp for boys " , and says " 351 boys and girls " were killed . He claims that the Red Cross and the UN Refugee Agency " confirmed ZAPU 's claim that Smith 's forces struck at defenseless , civilian trainees " .


= = Aftermath = =


The Rhodesian attacks on ZANLA and ZIPRA bases did much to restore white morale following the Viscount incident , though they had not actually made much impact on the respective guerrilla campaigns . Nkomo and the Zambian President Kenneth Kaunda all the same requested further military aid and better weapons from the Soviets and the British respectively . Martial law was quickly extended across Rhodesia 's rural areas , and covered three @-@ quarters of the country by the end of 1978 . Air Rhodesia , meanwhile , began developing anti @-@ Strela shielding for its Viscounts . Before this work was completed , ZIPRA shot down a second Viscount , Air Rhodesia Flight 827 , on 12 February 1979 . This time there were no survivors .

Following the second shootdown , Air Rhodesia created a system whereby the underside of the Viscounts would be coated with low @-@ radiation paint , with the exhaust pipes concurrently shrouded . According to tests conducted by the Air Force , a Viscount so treated could not be detected by the Strela 's targeting system once it was over 2 @,@ 000 feet ( 610 m ) . There were no further Viscount shootdowns in Rhodesia .

In the elections held the following year under the Internal Settlement terms , boycotted by ZANU and ZAPU , Muzorewa won a majority , and became the first Prime Minister of the reconstituted , majority @-@ ruled state of Zimbabwe Rhodesia on 1 June 1979 . This new order failed to win international acceptance , however , and in December 1979 the Lancaster House Agreement was agreed in London by Zimbabwe Rhodesia , the UK government and the Patriotic Front , returning the country to its former colonial status . The UK government suspended the constitution and took direct control for an interim period . Fresh elections were won by Mugabe , who took power in April 1980 , concurrently with the country 's recognised independence as Zimbabwe .


= = Legacy and memorial = =


In modern Zimbabwe , it is not the Viscount shootdowns but rather the retributory Rhodesian strikes against nationalist guerrilla camps that endure predominantly in the cultural memory . State media in Zimbabwe , prominently the Herald newspaper , often claim that Rhodesian forces indiscriminately and deliberately slaughtered thousands of helpless refugees during such operations . ZIPRA 's downing of civilian planes is meanwhile portrayed as a legitimate act of war on the grounds that the guerrillas might have believed them to have military personnel or equipment on board . The massacre of surviving Flight 825 passengers at the crash site is often omitted or attributed to forces other than ZIPRA ; in his 1984 memoirs Nkomo repeated his claim that ZIPRA fighters had helped the survivors , and wrote simply that " I truly have no idea how the ten died " .

A monument to those killed in the Rhodesian attack on Chikumbi was built in Zambia in 1998 , and dedicated jointly by the Zambian and Zimbabwean governments . A memorial to the victims of the two Rhodesian Viscount incidents , dubbed the Viscount Memorial , was erected on the grounds of the Voortrekker Monument in Pretoria , South Africa in 2012 , and inaugurated on 1 September that year . The names of the dead passengers and crew are engraved on two granite slabs that stand upright , side by side , the pair topped by an emblem symbolising an aircraft . A pole beside the monument flies the Rhodesian flag .

A British parliamentary motion put forward by Labour MP Kate Hoey in February 2013 to retrospectively condemn the Viscount attacks and memorialise the victims on the anniversary of the second shootdown prompted outcry in the Zimbabwean press , with the Herald branding it a racist " Rhodie motion " intended to antagonise the Mugabe administration and its supporters . Dumiso Dabengwa , a former ZIPRA commander , described the move as a provocation motivated by race that went against the spirit of the amnesty enacted at Lancaster House . Christopher Mutsvangwa , a diplomat and political analyst , took a similar line , calling Hoey 's proposed commemoration " a provocation ... [ that ] means they only regard the death of white people alone during the struggle . There is no mention of what happened to our sons and daughters in and outside the country . " ZAPU 's official response to Hoey 's motion included the assertion that in all conflicts " civilians get caught up in cross @-@ fires due to faulty intelligence reports and other communication errors " , and juxtaposed the civilians killed in the Viscount shootdowns with those killed at Chikumbi .


= = = Newspaper and journal articles = = =



