= Horrible Bosses =


Horrible Bosses is a 2011 American black comedy film directed by Seth Gordon , written by Michael Markowitz , John Francis Daley and Jonathan Goldstein , based on a story by Markowitz . It stars Jason Bateman , Charlie Day , Jason Sudeikis , Jennifer Aniston , Colin Farrell , Kevin Spacey , and Jamie Foxx . The plot follows three friends , played by Bateman , Day , and Sudeikis , who decide to murder their respective overbearing , abusive bosses , portrayed by Spacey , Aniston and Farrell .

Markowitz 's script was bought by New Line Cinema in 2005 and the film spent six years in various states of pre @-@ production , with a variety of actors attached to different roles . By 2010 , Goldstein and Daley had rewritten the script , and the film finally went into production .

The film premiered in Los Angeles on June 30 , 2011 , and received a wide release on July 8 , 2011 . The film exceeded financial expectations , accruing over $ 28 million in the first three days , making it the number two film in the United States during its opening weekend , and going on to become the highest @-@ grossing black comedy film of all time in unadjusted dollars , breaking the record previously set by The War of the Roses in 1990 . The film grossed over $ 209 million worldwide during its theatrical run .

The film opened to positive critical reception , with several critics praising the ensemble cast , with each lead being singled out for their performances across reviews . The plot received a more mixed response ; some reviewers felt that its dark , humorous premise was explored well , while others felt the jokes were racist , homophobic , and misogynistic . A sequel , Horrible Bosses 2 , was released on November 26 , 2014 .


= = Plot = =


Nick Hendricks ( Bateman ) and Dale Arbus ( Day ) are friends who despise their bosses . Nick works at a financial firm for the sadistic David Harken ( Spacey ) , who implies the possibility of a promotion for Nick for months , only to award it to himself . Dale is a dental assistant being sexually harassed by his boss , Dr. Julia Harris ( Aniston ) ; she threatens to tell his fiancee Stacy ( Lindsay Sloane ) that he had sex with her unless he actually has sex with her . Nick and Dale 's accountant friend Kurt Buckman ( Sudeikis ) enjoys working for Jack Pellitt ( Donald Sutherland ) at a chemical company , but after Jack unexpectedly dies of a heart attack , the company is taken over by Jack 's cocaine @-@ addicted son Bobby ( Farrell ) , whose apathy and incompetence threaten the future of the company .

At night , over drinks , Kurt jokingly suggests that their lives would be happier if their bosses were no longer around . Initially hesitant , they eventually agree to kill their employers . In search of a hitman , the trio meet Dean " Motherfuckah " Jones ( Foxx ) , an ex @-@ con who agrees to be their " murder consultant " . Jones suggests that Dale , Kurt and Nick kill each other 's bosses to hide their motive while making the deaths look like accidents .

The three reconnoiter Bobby 's house , and Kurt steals Bobby 's phone . They next go to Harken 's house , where Kurt and Nick go inside while Dale waits in the car . Harken returns home and confronts Dale for littering , but then has an allergy attack from the peanut butter on the litter . Dale saves Harken by stabbing him with an EpiPen . Nick and Kurt think Dale is stabbing Harken to death and flee , with Kurt accidentally dropping Bobby 's phone in Harken 's bedroom . The next night , Kurt watches Julia 's home , but she seduces and has sex with him . Nick and Dale reluctantly wait outside Bobby 's and Harken 's houses , respectively , to commit the murders , despite neither of them wanting to . Harken discovers Bobby 's cellphone in his bedroom and uses it to find his address , suspecting his wife Rhonda ( Julie Bowen ) is having an affair . He drives over and kills Bobby , with Nick as a secret witness .

Nick flees at high speed , setting off a traffic camera . The trio meet to discuss their reservations about continuing with their plan . They are arrested by the police , who believe the camera footage makes them suspects in Bobby 's murder . Lacking evidence , the police are forced to let the trio go free . The trio consult with Jones again , but learn that he never actually killed anyone , having been imprisoned for bootlegging the film Snow Falling on Cedars . Jones suggests that they get Harken to confess and secretly tape it . The three accidentally crash Harken 's surprise birthday party , where Nick and Dale get Harken to confess to the murder before realizing that Kurt , who has the audio recorder , is elsewhere having sex with Rhonda . Harken threatens to kill all three for attempting to blackmail him . They flee by car , but Harken gives chase and repeatedly rams their vehicle . Believing they have committed a crime , the car 's navigation @-@ system operator remotely disables Kurt 's car , allowing Harken to catch and hold them at gunpoint . Harken shoots himself in the leg as he boasts about his plan to frame them for murdering Bobby and attempting to kill him to get rid of the witness .

The police arrest Nick , Dale and Kurt , but the navigation @-@ system operator , Gregory , reveals that it is his companies policy to record all conversations for quality assurance . Gregory plays the tape that has Harken confessing he murdered Pellitt . Harken is sentenced to 25 years to life in prison , while the friends get their charges waived . Nick is promoted to president of the company under a sadistic CEO , Kurt retains his job under a new boss , and Dale blackmails Julia into ending her harassment by convincing her to sexually harass a supposedly unconscious patient , while Jones secretly records the act .


= = Cast = =


Jason Bateman as Nick Hendricks

An executive at a financial firm who is manipulated into jumping through hoops in order to get a promotion that his boss never intended to give him . Markowitz wrote the role specifically for Bateman .

Charlie Day as Dale Arbus

A dental assistant who is sexually harassed by his boss . Described as a " hopeless romantic " in love with his fiancée . Ashton Kutcher was in talks for the role at two different points in the lengthy production . Day was considered for the role following his co @-@ starring performance with Sudeikis in the 2010 film Going the Distance — Reuters reported that industry insiders believed his performance overshadowed the main stars .

Jason Sudeikis as Kurt Buckman

An account manager at a chemical company dealing with a new , drug @-@ addicted boss after his beloved former boss dies . Sudeikis was cast in May 2010 .

Jennifer Aniston as Dr. Julia Harris , D.D.S.

Markowitz based the character on a former boss , claiming she was " very sexually aggressive with everybody " . When writing the script , Markowitz intended for the role to go to Aniston . He stated , " but [ the aforementioned boss ] looked more like Cruella de Vil . It was like flirting with a cobweb . So I decided for the sake of the movie , let ’ s go with Jennifer Aniston . ” The actress insisted on wearing a brown wig for the role , wanting to look different from other characters she had played .

Colin Farrell as Bobby Pellitt

Described as a " weaselly scion " and a " corrupt and incompetent jerk who 's in charge of things but clearly has no idea what he 's doing . " Farrell explained the motivation he gave to the character , stating " This guy thinks he 's God 's gift to women , God 's gift to intellect , to humor , to the club scene , to everything . It 's all part of his grandiose sense of self @-@ esteem , which is probably masking a deeper sense of being a disappointment to his father and being riddled with envy over the relationship his father had with Kurt , and all kinds of other things . With Pellit , Seth gave me complete license to act as pathologically screwed up as possible . " Farrell contributed significantly to the appearance of his character , suggesting the comb over hairstyle , pot @-@ belly and an affinity for Chinese dragons .

Kevin Spacey as David Harken

President of Comnidyne Industries . Tom Cruise , Philip Seymour Hoffman and Jeff Bridges had been approached by New Line Cinema to take the role , described as a psychopathic master manipulator with an attractive wife . Spacey signed up for the role in June 2010 . The part was considered " integral " to the film . Gordon commented that the character was an amalgamation of several real bosses ( rather than one single person ) to avoid being sued .

Jamie Foxx as Dean " Motherfuckah " Jones

The character had the more " colorful " name " Cocksucker Jones " , but it was changed at Foxx 's request , with producer Jay Stern commenting that Foxx felt it " was over the line " . The current name was said to be subject to further change , prior to the release of the film . Foxx contributed to his character 's appearance , suggesting full @-@ scalp tattoos and a retro clothing style . Foxx described the appearance as " a guy who maybe went to jail for a minute and now he 's living in his own time capsule . When he got out he went right back to the clothes he thought were hot when he went in . "

During the six @-@ year development of the film , several actors were in negotiations to star , including Owen Wilson , Vince Vaughn , Matthew McConaughey , Ryan Reynolds , Dax Shepard , and Johnny Knoxville .

Donald Sutherland portrays Jack Pellitt , Bobby 's father and Kurt 's boss . On July 27 , 2010 , Isaiah Mustafa was confirmed as joining the cast . Mustafa was quoted as saying " It 's a smaller role " . He appears as Officer Wilkens . Julie Bowen appears in the film as Rhonda , Harken 's wife . Bowen stated that her character " may or may not be a hussy " , the character described as intentionally making her husband jealous . Ioan Gruffudd has a cameo as a male prostitute erroneously hired as a hitman . Lindsay Sloane appears as Dale 's fiancee Stacy . P. J. Byrne plays Kenny Sommerfeld , a former investment manager , now scrounging for drinks , while Wendell Pierce and Ron White play a pair of cops . Bob Newhart makes a cameo as sadistic Comnidyne CEO Louis Sherman . John Francis Daley , a screenwriter on the film , cameos as Nick 's co @-@ worker Carter .


= = Production = =



= = = Development = = =


Markowitz 's script for Horrible Bosses was sold at auction to New Line Cinema by Ratner 's production company Rat Entertainment in 2005 for a six @-@ figure amount . Ratner initially was interested in directing , but became occupied with directing the comedy Tower Heist . Frank Oz and David Dobkin were in talks to direct . Jonathan Goldstein and John Francis Daley rewrote the script in 2010 , and the project went into production with Seth Gordon directing .


= = = Design = = =


Production designer Shepherd Frankel specifically set out to create distinctly different environments for the three employees and their respective bosses ' homes and offices . Nick and Harken 's workplace is the " Comnidyne " bullpen , which was designed to " enhance the discomfort and anxiety of lower @-@ level employees clustered in the center of the room where every movement is monitored by the boss from his corner office . " The design team met with financial strategists and management companies to learn about the architecture of their office layouts to visually represent the experience of starting from a low @-@ ranking position in a cubicle and aspiring to an office . Costume designer Carol Ramsey worked with Frankel and set decorator Jan Pascale to match Harken 's suit to that of the surrounding " cold grey and blue " color palette of his office . Harken 's home was described as " equally lacking in warmth " as the office but more lavishly decorated and " for show " , including an intentionally oversized portrait of him with his " trophy wife " .

Designing Julia 's office was described as a " challenge " , infusing a " sensual vibe " into a dental office . Frankel approached the design through Julia 's mentality , stating , " She 's a Type A professional at the top of her game , who likes to play cat @-@ and @-@ mouse , so it 's a completely controlled environment , with apertures and views into other rooms so she always knows what 's going on " . " It 's highly designed , with rich wallpaper and tones , sumptuous artwork and subtle lighting — all very disarming till you step into her private office . The blinds close , the door locks and you think , ' It 's the Temple of Doom . ' " Similarly approaching the character 's home , the design allowed for wide windows which face onto a public street " which afford her the opportunity to put on the kind of show she couldn 't get away with at work . "

Bobby 's environments were designed with more contrast , the character being new to the work area . Frankel described the contrast as " the company reflects [ Jack Pellitt 's ] human touch , whereas [ Bobby Pellitt 's ] home is a shameless shrine to himself and his hedonistic appetites . " Frankel continued , " It features a mishmash of anything he finds exotic and erotic , mostly Egyptian and Asian motifs with an ' 80s Studio 54 vibe , a makeshift dojo , lots of mirrors and a massage table . " Some parts of the house design were provided by Farrell and Gordon 's interpretation of the character and his " infatuation " with martial arts and " his delusions of prowess " .


= = = Filming = = =


Filming of Horrible Bosses took place in and around Los Angeles . The production team attempted to find locations " that people haven 't already seen a hundred times in movies and on TV " , aiming for the film to appear as if it could be taking place anywhere in America " where people are trying to pursue the American dream but getting stopped by a horrible boss . " " Comnidyine " was represented by an office building in Torrance , California , with the crew building the set on a vacant floor . For " Pellitt Chemical " , the production team found a " perfect landscape of pipes and containers " in Santa Fe Springs , surrounding an unoccupied water cleaning and storage facility . To take advantage of the surrounding imagery , the warehouse required an extensive series of overhauls , including cutting windows into concrete walls and creating new doorways to allow for visuals of the warehouse exterior and provide a setting for the final scene of Sutherland 's character . A T.G.I. Friday 's in Woodland Hills , Los Angeles , was used as a bar frequented by Nick , Dale , and Kurt , while the bar scene where they meet with Jones was staged in downtown Los Angeles .

The film was shot digitally using the Panavision Genesis camera . Gordon encouraged the actors to improvise , though Aniston claimed to not have taken advantage of the offer as much as her co @-@ stars , stating , " My dialogue was just so beautifully choreographed that there wasn ’ t much that I needed to do ” .


= = = Music = = =


The soundtrack was composed by award @-@ winning composer Christopher Lennertz , with music contributed by Mike McCready of Pearl Jam , Stefan Lessard of Dave Matthews Band and Money Mark — a collaborator with the Beastie Boys . McCready , Lessard , and Mark worked with musicians Matt Chamberlain , David Levita , Aaron Kaplan , Victor Indrizzo , Chris Chaney , Davey Chegwidden and DJ Cheapshot to develop the music . Major contributions were provided by Mark on keyboard , McCready and Levita on guitar , Chaney and Lessard on bass , Indrizzo on drums and DJ Cheapshot on turntables .

Lennertz recorded the soundtrack at The Village recording studio in West Los Angeles and Capitol Records . Lennertz attempted to remain " authentic " to the characters ' progression from average worker to calculated killer . To achieve this aim , he decided against recording digitally , instead recording the tracks on two @-@ inch analog tape , intending each musical cue to sound as if it was emanating from a vinyl record . He explained , " The idea was to put together a band that would record the score together the same way that they would make an album . It isn 't over @-@ produced or shiny and digital in any way . It 's brash , noisy , and full of bravado and swagger . I knew that if we could harness some of this sonic magic in the score , then the toughness and confidence of the music would play against Bateman , Sudeikis , and Charlie Day to really emphasize and elevate the humor in the situations that transpire . " Lennertz continued , " We tracked through tape before Pro Tools to get that fat sound , and made every choice based on feel rather than perfection . We even used the same Wurlitzer that Money Mark played on Beck 's classic ‘ Where It 's At ’ . At the end of the day , Seth [ Gordon ] and I wanted to produce a score that is as irreverent and full of attitude as the movie itself . I think we did it ... and most of all , everyone had a blast in the process . "

Horrible Bosses : The Original Motion Picture Soundtrack was released in physical and digital formats on July 5 , 2011 , by WaterTower Music . The soundtrack consists of 33 tracks with a runtime of 63 minutes .


= = Release = =


The world premiere of Horrible Bosses took place on June 30 , 2011 at Grauman 's Chinese Theatre in Hollywood , California .


= = = Box office = = =


Horrible Bosses grossed $ 117 @.@ 5 million ( 56 @.@ 1 % ) in the North America and $ 92 @.@ 2 million ( 43 @.@ 9 % ) in other territories for a worldwide gross of $ 209 @.@ 6 million , against its budget of $ 35 million .

North America

Horrible Bosses was released on July 8 , 2011 in the United States and Canada across 3 @,@ 040 theaters . It grossed $ 9.9M on the first day , giving it the second largest opening gross for an original R @-@ rated comedy of the summer , behind Bad Teacher ( $ 12.2M ) . For the opening weekend , the film took in a total of $ 28 @,@ 302 @,@ 165 , an average of $ 9 @,@ 310 per theater , making it the number two film for the weekend , behind Transformers : Dark of the Moon ( $ 47.1M ) , the second highest @-@ grossing opening weekend for an original R @-@ rated comedy , again behind Bad Teacher ( $ 31.6M ) , and the highest @-@ grossing opening weekend ever for a dark / black comedy film , overtaking the 2004 The Stepford Wives ( $ 21.4M ) . The opening weekend audience was 51 % male , and 64 % of the audience were over 25 years of age . The second weekend ( 15 – 17 July ) saw a further 94 theaters added , for a total of 3 @,@ 134 . Box office revenue dropped by a " respectable " 38 % , taking $ 17.6M for a total gross of $ 60M in ten days . The film ranked third for the weekend . It remained in the top five films during its third week , dropping 33 % and leaving thirty theaters from the previous weekend , to take in $ 11.9M for a gross of $ 82.6M in 17 days . On July 28 , 2011 , with $ 87.6M after 20 days , Horrible Bosses surpassed The War of the Roses ( $ 86.8M ) to become the highest grossing dark / black comedy film in unadjusted dollars .

Other territories

Horrible Bosses was released on July 7 , 2011 , in the United Arab Emirates ( $ 258 @,@ 108 ) , and on July 8 in Estonia ( $ 24 @,@ 471 ) , Latvia ( $ 15 @,@ 750 ) , Lebanon ( $ 36 @,@ 316 ) and Lithuania ( $ 13 @,@ 676 ) , grossing $ 348 @,@ 321 for the opening weekend and accruing a total of $ 855 @,@ 009 in the first 17 days . On the weekend of July 21 – 24 , the film opened in the United Kingdom ( $ 3 @,@ 386 @,@ 876 ) , Greece ( $ 367 @,@ 845 ) , Israel ( $ 200 @,@ 372 ) , South Africa ( $ 193 @,@ 632 ) , Norway ( $ 109 @,@ 252 ) and East Africa ( $ 7 @,@ 324 ) .


= = = Critical reception = = =


Horrible Bosses received generally positive reviews from critics . On Rotten Tomatoes , the film holds a rating of 68 % , based on 208 reviews , with an average rating of 6 @.@ 2 / 10 . The site 's critical consensus reads , " It 's nasty , uneven , and far from original , but thanks to a smartly assembled cast that makes the most of a solid premise , Horrible Bosses works . " Review aggregate Metacritic gave the film a score of 57 out of 100 , based on 40 critics , indicating " mixed or average reviews " .

Roger Ebert gave the film three and a half stars out of four , calling it " well @-@ cast " and commending it for playing to each actor 's strengths . Ebert gave particular praise to Spacey , labeling him " superb " , and Aniston , judging her performance to be a " surprise " and a return to form , stating " she has acute comic timing and hilariously enacts alarming sexual hungers " . Ebert called Horrible Bosses " cheerful and wicked " . Lisa Schwarzbaum of Entertainment Weekly reacted positively , calling the film " a bouncy , well @-@ built , delightfully nasty tale of resentment , desperation , and amoral revenge " and complimented the casting of the protagonists and antagonists . The A.V. Club 's Nathan Rabin also praised the cast , stating that the picture " succeeds almost entirely on the chemistry of its three leads , who remain likeable even while resorting to homicide " , adding the " acting more than compensates for the film 's other failings . " Rabin singled out Day 's performance as " a potent illustration of how a brilliant character actor with a spark of madness can elevate a ramshackle lowbrow farce into a solid mainstream comedy through sheer force of charisma . " Edward Douglas of ComingSoon.net credited director Seth Gordon with having assembled " the perfect cast " , claiming " the six leads kill in every scene " , but echoed Nathan Rabin 's sentiments that Day is the " real standout " . Douglas summarized the picture as " dark fun that works better than expected due to a well @-@ developed script , an impeccable cast and a director who knows how to put the two together " . A. O. Scott of The New York Times stated " the timing of the cast ... is impeccable " and appreciated that the script did not attempt " to cut its coarseness with a hypocritical dose of sweetness or respectability " . The review concluded that " in the ways that count and even when it shouldn ’ t , Horrible Bosses works . "

USA Today 's Scott Bowles awarded the film three out of four stars , labeling it a " surprising comedy that rivals Bridesmaids as the funniest film of the summer , if not the year . " Bowles added that " the characters are so likable " , giving particular credit to Sudeikis though also adding praise for the performances of Bateman and Day . The dialogue was also lauded by Bowles , which commented that " Seth Gordon has a deft touch with water @-@ cooler talk — even when the water cooler might be spiked with poison . " Leonard Maltin of indieWire considered Day to have had the " breakout role " and offered praise to the performances of the cast , but lamented the lack of screen time for Farrell 's character . Maltin concluded " the movie has just enough raunchiness to identify it as a 2011 comedy , just enough cleverness to admire , and just the right camaraderie among its three male stars , which turns out to be the movie ’ s greatest strength . " Rolling Stone 's Peter Travers gave kudos to the " killer cast " , with specific credit given to Bateman and Day , but was critical of the movie , stating " it wussies out on a sharp premise " and that it is a " hit @-@ and @-@ miss farce that leaves you wishing it was funnier than it is " The Guardian 's Philip French called Horrible Bosses " a lumbering , misogynistic affair " , but admitted " I laughed frequently , probably to the detriment of my self @-@ respect . " Nicholas Barber of The Independent gave a positive review , complimenting Gordon for not allowing the actors ' improvisation to be detrimental to the pacing , but felt the movie was not as " dark " as its premise required , saying " what edginess the film does have comes instead from the inordinate quantity of swearing , plus a smattering of homophobia and misogyny . "

Salon 's Andrew O 'Hehir offered a mixed response , characterizing the film as a " lot funnier in theory than in practice , but it won 't ruin your Saturday night " . Salon appreciated the " effortless comic chemistry " between Sudeikis , Bateman and Day and singled out Bateman , Aniston and Spacey for their performances . O 'Hehir was however critical of the perceived homophobia , sexism and racism . The Hollywood Reporter 's Kirk Honeycutt responded negatively , stating the jokes failed to be funny , stating " Seth Gordon shows no flair for turning the absurdities and cartoonish characters in the script ... into anything more than a collection of moments in search of laughs . " Karina Longworth of The Village Voice was critical of the premise , which she felt lacked any legitimate " rage " against the characters ' bosses , stating " ... there 's every sign that , even without these particular emasculators , Dale , Kurt and Nick would still be — for lack of a better word — total pussies . " Longworth felt that the humor was " rarely actually laugh @-@ out @-@ loud funny , and never truly dark or daring " . She particularly criticized the all @-@ white , male protagonists and a plot she deemed racist and filled with " stereotypes " . Justin Chang of Variety praised the performance of the ensemble cast , but considered the plot to be " predictably moronic , vulgar and juvenile " . Chang echoed the sentiments of The Village Voice in lamenting that the film failed to pursue the premise to " darker , more daring territory " and faulted it for falling back on " over @-@ the @-@ top comic exaggeration " .


= = = Accolades = = =


The film received several award nominations , including a Satellite Award for Best Supporting Actor for Colin Farrell , and three nominations from the 2012 Comedy Awards , including Comedy Actor for Bateman , Comedy Actress for Aniston , and best Comedy Film . Farrell and Aniston were both nominated for Best On @-@ Screen Dirt Bag at the 2012 MTV Movie Awards , with Aniston claiming the award . Farrell also received a nomination for Best On @-@ Screen Transformation .


= = = Home media = = =


On July 26 , 2011 , FX obtained the rights to the network premiere of the film .

Horrible Bosses was released on DVD and Blu @-@ ray Disc in the United States on October 11 , 2011 . The DVD version sold an estimated 400 @,@ 682 units in the United States during its first week , earning approximately $ 6 @.@ 1 million . It was the number 2 best selling DVD of the week , finishing behind Green Lantern , and the number 3 Blu @-@ ray disc film behind Green Lantern and The Lion King . As of November 2012 , it has sold an estimated 1 @.@ 3 million units and earned $ 18 @.@ 3 million .

The DVD contains the theatrical cut of the film and deleted scenes . The Blu @-@ ray Disc edition contains the Blu @-@ ray Disc , the DVD and a digital version of the film in a single pack . The Blu @-@ ray Disc version is an unrated , extended cut ( the " Totally Inappropriate Edition " ) with a runtime of 106 minutes compared to the theatrical 98 minutes . The Blu @-@ ray Disc contains deleted scenes and four featurettes : My Least Favorite Career , Surviving a Horrible Boss , Being Mean Is So Much Fun , and The Making of the Horrible Bosses Soundtrack . Both the theatrical and extended cuts are presented in the film 's original aspect ratio of 2 @.@ 39 : 1 with DTS @-@ HD Master Audio sound . Beginning with the Blu @-@ ray Disc release of Horrible Bosses and Green Lantern , Warner Bros. included a code that allows the owner to access a version of the film via UltraViolet , a cloud storage service which allows streaming or downloading to a variety of devices .


= = Sequel = =


Seth Gordon confirmed in July 2011 that talks were underway for a sequel , after the financial success of the film in the United States , saying : " Yeah , we 've definitely discussed it . It 's done well in the States , the film has , so that 's becoming a more concerted effort now , we 're trying to figure out what the sequel could be . " On January 4 , 2012 , it was confirmed that a sequel was moving forward , and that Goldstein and Daley would be returning to write the script . New Line was reported to be negotiating with Gordon to return as director , with Bateman , Day , and Sudeikis also expected to return to their roles . On February 27 , 2012 , it was confirmed that Goldstein and Daley were in the process of writing the new script . In March 2013 , Goldstein and Daley confirmed that they had submitted multiple draft scripts for the sequel , and that production had moved towards finalizing the budget . Later in the same month Bateman , Day , and Sudeikis were confirmed to be reprising their roles , with Foxx negotiating to return . The film will again be produced by Brett Ratner and Jay Stern . In August 2013 , it was announced that Gordon would not be returning to direct because of scheduling conflicts and that the studio was actively searching for a replacement . In September 2013 , Sean Anders was announced as Gordon 's replacement , with John Morris joining the production as a producer . The pair had previously performed a rewrite on Goldstein 's and Daley 's sequel script . Filming had been scheduled to begin in summer 2013 , but began in November 2013 . Foxx , Jennifer Aniston , and Kevin Spacey reprised their roles , with Christoph Waltz and Chris Pine joining the cast .



= 1985 Rajneeshee assassination plot =


The 1985 Rajneeshee assassination plot was a conspiracy by a group of high @-@ ranking followers of Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh ( later known as Osho ) to assassinate Charles Turner , the then @-@ United States Attorney for the District of Oregon . Rajneesh 's personal secretary and second @-@ in @-@ command , Ma Anand Sheela ( Sheela Silverman ) , assembled the group after Turner was appointed to investigate illegal activity at Rajneeshpuram . Turner investigated charges of immigration fraud and sham marriages , and later headed the federal prosecution of the 1984 Rajneeshee bioterror attack in The Dalles , Oregon .

The conspirators included : Ma Anand Sheela , Sally @-@ Anne Croft , Chief Financial Officer of Rajneeshpuram ; Susan Hagan , head of security at Rajneeshpuram , Catherine Jane Stork , who bought weapons and silencers and volunteered to be the actual murderer ; Ann Phyllis McCarthy , fourth @-@ in @-@ command of Rajneeshpuram ; and co @-@ conspirators Alma Potter , Carol Matthews , Phyllis Caldwell and Richard Kevin Langford . The conspirators obtained false identification to purchase handguns out @-@ of @-@ state , stalked Turner , and planned to murder him near his workplace in Portland , Oregon . The assassination plot was never carried out and was only discovered later , as a result of the investigation by federal law enforcement into the bioterror attack in The Dalles and other illegal acts by the Rajneeshpuram leadership .

Prosecution of the conspirators began in 1990 , when a federal grand jury brought indictments against several of the key players . Some had fled the country , and extradition proceedings against the perpetrators and subsequent prosecution and conviction was not completed for sixteen years . The final conspirator was convicted in 2006 , when Catherine Jane Stork agreed to return to the United States from Germany in order to be allowed to visit her ill son in Australia . Eight perpetrators received sentences ranging from five years probation to five years in federal prison and an additional member of the Rajneesh commune pleaded guilty to murder conspiracy . Rajneesh was never prosecuted in relation to the conspiracy , and left the United States after pleading guilty to immigration fraud and agreeing not to reenter the country without permission from the U.S. Attorney General .


= = Planning = =



= = = Hit list = = =


Seven followers ( called Rajneeshees ) of charismatic leader Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh ( now known as Osho ) , were convicted of a 1985 conspiracy to assassinate Charles Turner , and an additional unindicted eighth member of the Rajneesh commune pleaded guilty to murder conspiracy . The perpetrators were high @-@ ranking followers within the Rajneeshee organization . Prosecutors in the case stated that the perpetrators had planned to murder Turner after he was appointed to head an investigation into the group 's activities in Rajneeshpuram , Oregon . Turner 's investigation focused on sham marriages organized by the group , as well as other illegal activities including immigration fraud , and he later headed the federal prosecution relating to the 1984 Rajneeshee bioterror attack in The Dalles , Oregon . Oregon Attorney General Dave Frohnmayer was also involved in investigations of the group , working alongside Turner .

In May 1985 , Rajneesh 's personal secretary and second @-@ in @-@ command , Sheela Silverman ( Ma Anand Sheela ) , gathered the leader 's key followers and formed a group of conspirators in order to plan the assassination of Turner , as well as several dissidents among their organization . Sheela stated that Turner 's grand jury investigation " threatened the existence of the commune " , and exposed Rajneesh and several of his disciples to criminal prosecution . Sheela hoped that by murdering Turner they would be able to thwart the federal immigration investigation which could have resulted in deportation of Rajneeshee leaders . Three former leaders of the commune including Ma Anand Sheela , Dianne Yvonne Onang ( Ma Anand Puja ) , a registered nurse from the Philippines who managed the Rajneeshee medical corporation , and former treasurer of Rajneesh Foundation International and Catherine Jane Stork ( Ma Shanti Bhadra ) of Australia , put together a hit list which included U.S. Attorney Charles Turner and Oregon Attorney General David Frohnmayer .

Susan Hagan ( Ma Anand Su ) , a top official in the Rajneeshpuram hierarchy , was also a participant in the assassination conspiracy . Hagan was in charge of the security force at Rajneeshpuram , ran the Rajneesh Investment Corporation , and supervised construction on the commune . Other conspirators in the assassination plot included Ann Phyllis McCarthy ( Ma Yoga Vidya ) , president of the Rajneesh commune , and Alma Potter ( Ma Dhyan Yogini ) , Ma Anand Sheela 's bodyguard and traveling companion . Potter was manager of the Hotel Rajneesh in Portland , Oregon , and a member of the commune 's security force . The Oregonian reported that nine people were on the hit list , including : Turner , Frohnmayer , former assistant attorney general Karen H. Green , Wasco County planning director Daniel C. Durow , Wasco County commissioner James L. Comini , investigative journalist for The Oregonian Leslie L. Zaitz , former member Helen C. Byron ( Ma Idam Shunyo ) , who had been awarded US $ 1 @.@ 7 million in a lawsuit against Rajneesh Foundation International , her daughter Barbara J. Byron ( Makima ) , and Rajneesh 's former secretary Laxmi Thakarsi Kuruwa ( Ma Yoga Laxmi ) .


= = = Weapons = = =


Catherine Jane Stork volunteered to be the follower who would actually murder Turner , and bought guns and silencers . Stork was known to fellow followers as Ma Shanti Bhadra , and was also one of the three " Big Mammas " in Rajneeshpuram . Sally @-@ Anne Croft ( known by followers as Ma Prem Savita ) , an accountant and the group 's Chief Financial Officer , provided money for the purchase of weapons related to the plot . Phyllis Caldwell ( Ma Deva Ritka ) described in a federal affidavit how members of the murder conspiracy obtained handguns , referring to Catherine Jane Stork and Sally @-@ Anne Croft : " Shanti B went down to Jesus Grove , and Savita gave us several thousand dollars to use to buy guns . " Jesus Grove referred to a group of trailers where all the leaders of the Rajneesh commune resided , except for Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh .

Ma Anand Sheela and three other Rajneesh followers traveled to New York in the spring of 1985 to acquire false identification . According to a federal indictment , the perpetrators of the assassination plot used a false birth certificate to purchase guns . Two members of the group then traveled to Texas to purchase handguns . Caldwell stated she and Catherine Jane Stork flew to Texas to purchase guns there . They purchased five guns in Texas , but encountered difficulty purchasing handguns in Texas with out @-@ of @-@ state identification and traveled to New Mexico instead . Caldwell said they called back to the commune but the women were instructed " not to come back without the guns " .

In New Mexico , they obtained false identification , and purchased several pistols . Their intention was to purchase guns which were difficult to trace . Caldwell said it was easy to obtain guns in New Mexico : " we found it was pretty easy to buy guns . All you had to do was show some identification and it was easy to get . " Caldwell said she and Stork went to a university library to find the identity " of someone dying very young " , next went " to public records and asked for a copy of a birth certificate " and described how " we got a rent receipt book and just made up a rent receipt " . " And then we were able to go to several different gun shops in Albuquerque with those two bits of identification and buy five different guns and bullets , " said Caldwell . They were able to obtain one Colt .38 @-@ caliber revolver , and four Ruger .357 @-@ caliber Security @-@ Six Magnum revolvers . The conspirators smuggled the guns into Oregon by packing them in luggage and putting the luggage on a Greyhound Lines bus . Caldwell said that she and Stork traveled by bus back to the Rajneesh commune so as to avoid airport metal detectors .


= = = Surveillance = = =


After obtaining guns the conspirators returned to Portland , Oregon . They rented out an apartment in Portland to serve as their base of operations for the assassination of Turner . Rajneesh follower Carol Matthews ( Ma Prem Samadhi ) used a fake name during the planning of the assassination plot , in an attempt to obtain the home address of Charles Turner . According to federal prosecutors Matthews obtained a college yearbook of Turner 's , and learned his car 's license plate number and his parking location . Court records state that Matthews and an unindicted co @-@ conspirator gave voter registration officials fake identities and told officials they were conducting " a voter survey on President Reagan 's economic plan " , in order to obtain Turner 's route number and post office box number . The two tried repeating the story with members of the U.S. Postal Service , but the postal officials did not give them Turner 's address . They then drove around Turner 's neighborhood and were able to find his home by locating a sign in front of his residence that said " Turner " . Matthews had pictures of Turner 's residence developed ; these were later obtained by the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) during an investigation of the Rajneesh commune , and verified after being shown to Turner .

Members of the group of conspirators watched Turner 's office , home and car , and discussed methods to assassinate him , hoping that his death would hinder the efforts of the federal investigation into Rajneeshpuram . Their plan was to shoot Turner in the garage of the federal office building where he worked , in Portland , Oregon , but the conspirators also debated whether to murder Turner in downtown Portland or closer to his home . After spending multiple nights watching Turner 's house , the conspirators decided on the parking garage because they felt it would be too risky to murder him on the drive to or from work , or in front of his home . Turner had a reserved parking spot in a federal garage underneath Terry Schrunk Plaza in Portland , Oregon . In an affidavit given to the FBI , conspirator Alma Peralta described how the perpetrators decided on the federal parking garage as the location : " Shanti Bhadra [ Catherine Jane Stork ] said this seems like a good place to bump this fellow off . "

The conspirators practiced different ways of murdering Turner . According to informant statements to law enforcement , one of the conspirators was to pretend there was car trouble , and the others would then approach Turner with their guns . Informants later told law enforcement officials that the conspirators intended to hide out at an international network of Rajneesh communes if the plan was successful . According to The Oregonian the assassinations were not carried out because Ma Anand Sheela became distracted by political power plays within the Rajneesh commune and other members of the organization who were trying to remove her from her position within the group .


= = Prosecutions = =



= = = Investigation = = =


On February 28 , 1985 , Congressman James H. Weaver gave a speech in the United States House of Representatives in which he asserted that the Rajneeshees were involved in the bioterror attack in Oregon . At a series of press conferences in September 1985 , Rajneesh accused several of his recently departed lieutenants of involvement in this and other crimes , including the poisoning of Mike Sullivan , a Jefferson County district attorney , and asked state and federal authorities to investigate his allegations . The assassination plot was uncovered by federal law enforcement as a result of the ensuing investigation into activities at Rajneeshpuram . Turner was never physically harmed , and had retired by 1995 .

The Oregonian was informed in October 1985 by federal law enforcement officials that Leslie L. Zaitz , an investigative journalist who had written a 20 @-@ part series on the Rajneesh movement in Oregon , was on a " hit list " which also included Turner and Oregon Attorney General David Frohnmayer . Assistant U.S. Attorney Robert Weaver prosecuted the case ; the charges were first detailed at an October 1985 bond hearing in North Carolina after Rajneesh and his followers were arrested at an airport in Charlotte . Weaver said in court that followers of Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh had plotted to assassinate Turner and Frohnmayer . He said these allegations were reasons why releasing Rajneesh and his followers from jail would be " a clear and present danger to public officials " . The guns purchased by the Rajneesh followers for the assassination plot had reportedly been dumped in a lake at Rancho Rajneesh ; the lake was searched by U.S. Navy divers . Scuba divers searched the lake for two days but did not find the guns .

Joseph Greene , a U.S. immigration agent , testified in court that FBI agents had learned of the assassination plot from a member of the organization who was in a witness protection program . Greene said that members involved in the assassination plot included Ma Anand Sheela , Dianne Yvonne Onang , and Alma Peralta . The assassination plot was investigated by the FBI and the Oregon State Police . Informants told law enforcement that Ma Anand Sheela hoped Turner 's death would prevent an Immigration and Naturalization Service investigation which she thought could lead to Rajneesh 's arrest and deportation from the United States . Weaver stated " These attempts to assassinate public officials were because they were presenting an immigration case that might result in imprisonment " of Rajneesh . " There were not simply plans , but at least one ( assassination ) attempt , " said Weaver at the hearing .

A grand jury investigation led by Turner brought charges of " widespread immigration fraud " against members of Rajneeshpuram . Wiretapping crimes were discovered after Ma Anand Sheela had fled the commune in September 1985 . In December 1985 , 21 followers of Rajneesh were indicted on wiretapping charges .


= = = Arrests and convictions = = =


Chief criminal assistant U.S. attorney Baron C. Sheldahl was assigned to prosecute the charges of federal wiretapping , and a special team from the United States Department of Justice Criminal Division was tasked with prosecuting the murder conspiracy charges . Four of the perpetrators were arrested in September 1990 . Catherine Jane Stork and Richard Kevin Langford were arrested in West Germany , Ann Phyllis McCarthy was arrested in South Africa , and Susan Hagan was arrested in England . In September 1990 , Alma Peralta pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit murder . Peralta , who had served as Ma Anand Sheela 's bodyguard and confidante , agreed to testify against the other defendants in the murder conspiracy . Under the terms of Peralta 's plea agreement she received a sentence of two years in federal prison . Carol Matthews was arrested in Baden @-@ Baden , Germany in October 1990 on charges of wiretapping and conspiracy to murder Turner , where she was held along with three other Rajneeshees . At the time of her arrest , Matthews was found in possession of a false British passport , and had been traveling under the fake name of " Daphene Fosberry " . Indictments were brought against Ma Anand Sheela and six other co @-@ conspirators by a federal grand jury in November 1990 .

In April 1991 , Carol Matthews and Richard Kevin Langford ( Swami Anugiten ) were extradited from Germany to the United States in order to appear in federal court in Portland , Oregon . Law enforcement officials from the United States Marshals Service traveled to Frankfurt , Germany and took custody of the Matthews and Langford at Rhine Main Airport . On April 15 , 1991 , Matthews and Langford appeared in federal court in Oregon , and both pleaded innocent to charges of conspiracy to commit murder and carrying out wiretapping . On April 25 , 1991 , Richard Kevin Langford pleaded guilty in federal court to participating in the murder conspiracy plot against Turner , and in exchange he received a sentence of five years in federal prison and the dismissal of other charges against him relating to firearms and wiretapping . Langford agreed to testify against the other members of the murder conspiracy . Langford wrote on his plea agreement form : " In 1985 , meetings were held at the Rancho Rajneesh ... at which time the possible killing of the United States Attorney for Oregon was discussed . I participated in a number of these meetings and agreed with others to work toward that object . " Prosecutor Timothy J. Reardon III stated that Langford had been a member of the Rajneesh commune in Oregon since it began in 1981 , and that the government was able to prove he joined the murder conspiracy at a point in time after May 25 , 1985 . Reardon said that Langford was a member of a group called the " Circle of 38 " , which was the personal security force that guarded Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh , and that he had served as a weapons instructor and policeman at the commune . Langford told U.S. District Judge Malcom F. Marsh that he had suggested that guns for the murder conspiracy could be bought in Texas , instructed the conspiractors about silencers , took responsibility for the weapons while they were in the commune , and disposed of them when members of the murder conspiracy decided to flee the U.S. for Europe . In July 1991 , Carol Matthews entered a guilty plea and was convicted in federal court , she was sentenced to five years in prison .

Catherine Jane Stork was convicted of the attempted murder of Rajneesh 's physician Dr. George Meredith ( Swami Devaraj ) in 1986 , and served almost three years in jail . After her release , agents from the FBI uncovered the plot to assassinate Turner , but Stork had already fled to Germany . She was indicted by a federal grand jury in 1990 . In 1991 , the German government refused to extradite Stork back to the United States . In June 1991 , U.S. prosecutors filed affidavits in the murder conspiracy case with the Higher Regional Court in Karlsruhe , Germany , as part of an attempt to extradite Catherin Jane Stork from Germany to the U.S. The affidavits stated that all of the members in the murder conspiracy plot also belonged to a group of Rajneesh followers at the Oregon commune known as " the 38 " , and were trained in " commando tactics using Uzi semiautomatic rifles and handguns " . David Berry Knapp ( known to Rajneesh followers as Swami Krishna Deva ) stated in an FBI affidavit that the murder conspiracy was motivated by Ma Anand Sheela 's " tremendous anger " towards Turner .

Ma Anand Sheela served 29 months in a minimum security federal prison for charges related to assault , attempted murder , arson , wiretapping and the 1984 bioterror attack in The Dalles , and moved to Switzerland after her release from prison in 1988 . The assassination conspiracy was discovered after Sheela had left the United States , and as of 1999 she was still wanted by federal law enforcement for her role in the plot , and risked extradition if she crossed the Swiss border . Switzerland declined an extradition request from the United States , and instead tried her in a Swiss court . Sheela was found guilty of " criminal acts preparatory to the commission of murder " in 1999 , and sentenced to time already served .

Sally @-@ Anne Croft and Susan Hagan were extradited from Britain in 1994 , and were convicted by a jury decision on July 28 , 1995 for their roles in the assassination plot . They had unsuccessfully attempted to appeal their extradition from Britain to Home Secretary Michael Howard . During their trial the prosecution presented twenty @-@ nine witnesses , including former followers of Rajneesh who placed both women in planning meetings where they discussed murdering Turner . David Berry Knapp , the former mayor of Rajneeshpuram , testified for the government in the case and implicated Croft and Hagan in the assassination conspiracy . Ava Kay Avalos ( Ma Ava ) , a Rajneesh disciple , testified in the Croft case and stated that she had been part of the conspirators that plotted to assassinate Turner . In addition to Knapp and Avalos , co @-@ conspirators Richard Kevin Langford , Phyllis Caldwell , and Alma Peralta testified in the case pursuant to conditional plea or immunity agreements . Both women were sentenced to five years in prison . Croft and Hagan did not testify during their trial . " We hashed over everything – evidence , notes , evidence , notes . I think we did an absolutely fabulous job , " said one of the jurors . At the sentencing for Croft and Hagan , the federal Judge Malcolm Marsh described them as " people of obvious goodwill who had committed an extremely serious offense against the criminal justice system . " Prosecutor Tim Reardon called the conspiracy to commit assassination " a deadly serious crime aimed at the heart of the criminal justice system . " Croft and Hagan were released from imprisonment at FCI Dublin , California in April 1998 , and returned to Britain .

In December 2002 , Ann Phyllis McCarthy pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit murder , and was sentenced to one year in jail and a fine of USD $ 10 @,@ 000 . McCarthy had served as fourth @-@ in @-@ command of Rajneeshpuram , and was known by Rajneesh 's followers as Ma Yoga Vidya . Turner called the one @-@ year prison sentence " laughable . " In court statements , McCarthy stated " I cannot forgive myself for not being tougher at the time , " and called her time with the group " psychological torture . "

In February 2006 , Stork became the last perpetrator sentenced in the political assassination plot , after ten months of negotiations with Oregon prosecutors . Stork offered to turn herself in and return to the United States after learning of her son 's terminal brain tumor . Prior to sentencing , the court allowed her to travel to Australia to visit her son . In addition to charges of conspiracy to commit murder , Stork also pleaded guilty to the purchase of weapons in violation of federal firearms law . An Oregon judge sentenced her to five years probation , and three months time already served in a German jail . Turner thought she should have received a harsher sentence , and commented " This was a lying @-@ in @-@ wait conspiracy to murder me , a presidential appointee , and for a long time I slept with a loaded gun beside my bed . " Though Stork could have faced life in prison , U.S. District Judge Judge Malcolm F. Marsh thought she had " seen the error of her ways . " A federal prosecutor in the case described Stork as the " MVP " of the conspiracy , and said she was the designated assassin that was set to murder Turner . After her sentencing , Stork stated : " I actually conspired to kill Mr. Turner , it is up to me alone to face this terrible truth ... No person has the right to do what I did . I 'm truly sorry . " Stork returned to Germany after her sentencing .

In an affidavit , Timothy J. Reardon III , lead prosecutor for the United States Department of Justice in the case , stated Ma Anand Sheela had told members of the murder conspiracy that Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh had personally authorized the " necessary " murder of specific enemies of the Rajneesh commune . Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh paid a fine of US $ 400 @,@ 000 , agreed to plead guilty to immigration fraud , and was deported from the United States . He agreed to leave the United States and not return unless given permission first from the United States Attorney General . Joseph T. McCann writes in Terrorism on American Soil " Nevertheless , he was never prosecuted for any of the more serious crimes perpetrated by cult members , including the salmonella poisoning . "


= = = Sentences = = =


Conspiracy to assassinate a United States Attorney

Wiretapping , and other charges , testified in assassination case


