= Come What ( ever ) May =


Come What ( ever ) May is the second studio album by American alternative metal band Stone Sour . It was recorded and produced by the band and Nick Raskulinecz at Studio 606 in Los Angeles , California , and was released on August 1 , 2006 , through Roadrunner Records . Writing for the album began as early as 2003 when vocalist Corey Taylor and guitarist James Root were writing material for their other band , Slipknot . In January 2006 Stone Sour began recording the follow @-@ up to their 2002 debut album Stone Sour , during which time drummer Joel Ekman left the band due to family constraints . He was eventually replaced by ex @-@ Soulfly drummer Roy Mayorga who played on all but two tracks on the album .

Following the release of the album , Stone Sour went on to promote it for over a year ; releasing five singles and touring in several regions , including the United States , Canada , Japan and several countries in Europe . The album received generally positive reviews . It was praised for showing a progression in the band 's song writing ability and musical style . It was also certified Gold in the United States and Canada and the single " 30 / 30 @-@ 150 " was nominated for Best Metal Performance at the 49th Grammy Awards . On June 26 , 2007 Stone Sour released a special edition version of the album , it included six previously unreleased tracks and a bonus DVD which featured three music videos and a complete live performance of the band in Moscow . It remains their best @-@ selling album to date , mostly due to the success of the single " Through Glass . "


= = Production = =


In September 2005 , lead singer Corey Taylor announced that Stone Sour would return with a second album . He said that they had written over 30 songs , some during the writing process of Vol . 3 : ( The Subliminal Verses ) , the third album by vocalist Taylor and guitarist James Root 's other band Slipknot , and that they were working on demoing the tracks before entering the studio . Dave Fortman was originally slated to produce the album , however , on January 22 , 2006 Stone Sour began working on the album with producer Nick Raskulinecz at Dave Grohl 's personal studio ( Studio 606 ) , in Los Angeles . Time in the studio began with a week of pre @-@ production , during which guitarist Josh Rand says producer Raskulinecz " pushed [ the band ] to the brink and back " to help fine @-@ tune the songs they had previously written . Though Rand and Taylor wrote most of the music and lyrics for the first album , respectively , writing for Come What ( ever ) May was done by all members .

Following this , the band set out to record 18 tracks and work began on recording Joel Ekman 's drum tracks . However , Ekman was forced to leave the studio after four weeks due to his young son 's diagnosis of a brainstem glioma . With the fate of the album in jeopardy , Stone Sour recruited ex @-@ Soulfly member Roy Mayorga as a session drummer . Mayorga recorded drums for all but two tracks on the album , Godsmack drummer Shannon Larkin performed on the track " 30 / 30 @-@ 150 " and guitarist Root performed drums on the bonus track " The Day I Let Go . " In an interview with Revolver during the recording process vocalist Taylor talked about the differences between this album and their previous album , Stone Sour . He said that pressures from fans and the record label were much larger ; also noting that he " thrives on the pressure , because it gets [ him ] going . " While promising that " the album 's gonna be miles above the first one , " Taylor explained that it is " more melodic and darker " . In late March 2006 , drummer Joel Ekman officially left Stone Sour and the band was talking with a few drummers who could replace him . On April 7 , 2006 the recording sessions for Come What ( ever ) May concluded . A month later session drummer Roy Mayorga joined Stone Sour on a full @-@ time basis .


= = Promotion = =


It was announced in March 2006 that Stone Sour 's second album , which was tentatively titled " Come What May , " would be released on July 18 , 2006 . However , the release date for the album was pushed back until August 22 . Due to the delay Stone Sour released a music video for the track " Reborn " , which featured footage of the band working on the album in the studio . The cover artwork from the album was released online on May 20 , 2006 . Shortly after , it was confirmed by a representative from the band 's record label Roadrunner that the release date had been brought forward , and the official release date would be August 1 , 2006 . On July 31 , 2006 , the day before its release the album was made available online for streaming in its entirety through AOL .

On May 22 , 2006 the first single from the album , " 30 / 30 @-@ 150 " , was made available online as a free MP3 download . A music video for the single was shot with director P.R. Brown in Los Angeles , the video received a premier on MTV 's Headbangers Ball on June 3 , 2006 . Prior to the release of the second single from the album , " Through Glass " , radio stations throughout the US showed high support for the song . A music video for the single was shot with director Tony Petrossian and was released on June 9 , 2006 online through Yahoo ! . The third single from the album , " Sillyworld " , began receiving radio airplay in November 2006 . A music video for the single was shot in January 2007 and was released online on March 8 , 2007 . The fourth single from the album , " Made of Scars " , featured a music video which was recorded live on April 7 , 2007 and was posted online on June 5 , 2007 . The fifth and final single from the album , " Zzyzx Rd . " , started receiving radio airplay in Fall 2007 and no music video was made for the single .

The band began touring in support of the album prior to its release , initiating touring with several free shows in the US . Followed by multiple appearances at festivals in Europe . They then joined Korn for their 2006 edition of Family Values Tour across the US , which featured 33 dates across 3 months . On August 8 , 2006 Stone Sour made a special guest appearance on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno to promote and perform their second single " Through Glass . " They also performed at the Japanese festival Summer Sonic midway through the Family Values Tour . Then through November and December 2006 , Stone Sour joined Disturbed for their Music as a Weapon Tour . In January 2007 Stone Sour joined Evanescence for a Canadian tour , followed by a headlining tour of Europe . They then headlined the Spring 2007 Jägermeister Music Tour across the US , followed by headlining tours in Australia and Japan . They then started a tour in Europe playing festivals and select headline shows . They wrapped up touring in support of the album with a headlining tour in the US through August and September in 2007 .


= = = Special edition = = =


On June 26 , 2007 , Stone Sour released a special edition version of the album with six previously unreleased tracks and a bonus DVD . The DVD featured a full concert performance by the band from October 2006 in Moscow and the music videos for " 30 / 30 @-@ 150 , " " Through Glass , " and " Sillyworld . " When talking about the special edition , vocalist Taylor said , " we really wanted to do something which was really cool , " saying that this shows the band 's different musical elements and them in their live element , which he says " people really gravitate towards . " In addition to this , Stone Sour released a live album of their concert in Moscow exclusively on iTunes , entitled Live in Moscow .


= = Musical style = =


In an interview with MTV in 2006 , vocalist Corey Taylor said that Come What ( ever ) May was a return to the roots of the band , stating it is " a lot more from the spirit of what the band started with in 1992 . " Noting how some songs were " very atmospheric , " while others maintained " the hard rock and the heavy stuff . " Jon Wiederhorn of MTV said that " for every thrash riff there 's a tunefully grungy passage , for every flailing guitar line there 's a rock @-@ radio hook . " When talking about the track " 30 / 30 @-@ 150 " , he said parts are " bludgeoning , barbed and heavy , " while others are " soaring and triumphant , " with the production of Raskulinecz helping balance the album 's heaviness with its radio @-@ accessibility . Come What ( ever ) May 's lyrics include themes of " pain , pleasure , happiness , and grief . " The diversity in subjects is evident throughout the album , songs including " Come What ( ever ) May " were politically influenced while the track " Socio " is about " social anxiety attacks " that vocalist Taylor suffered . " Zzyzx Rd " is a love song written to Taylor 's wife for helping him in his struggles against alcoholism and contemplation of suicide . " I 've never written anything like that before , but it was very important for me to tell the world not only how much she saved me , but how much she means to me , " said Taylor . Taylor said there is a common thread with the lyrics throughout the album , saying that they are " about never forgetting where you came from , who you are and why you do this . "


= = Reception = =


Come What ( ever ) May was met with generally positive critical reviews . Several reviewers noted on how it helped to further establish Stone Sour . Chad Bower of About.com stated that the band had " progressed a lot since their debut " , noting that the album was " very diverse and [ allows ] the band to show many different sides of their musical personality . " Megan Frye of Allmusic opens her review of the album by distinguishing what sets Stone Sour apart musically , stating " [ it 's their ] ability to create smooth , radio @-@ friendly alternative metal songs while simultaneously not boring the people who have heard way too much from post @-@ grunge groups . " On a similar note , Michael Melchor of 411mania said " the band is much better at the craft of songwriting than many of their peers . " However , in contrast , reviewer William Fry of IGN criticized the album , saying " Stone Sour doesn 't do anything inspired , original , or fresh here " even calling the album " completely misdirected , and stonewalled . " A particular point of interest for reviewers was how Come What ( ever ) May is more melodic than their previous album Stone Sour . Melchor of 411mania said the album is " much more liberal with the balladry and acoustic sounds than its predecessor , " noting on the track " Sillyworld " he said " it sounds like what Nickelback could be if Chad Kroeger could write a good melody " . In his review , Chad Bower labeled Come What ( ever ) May as a " very melodic and accessible album " stating that " it has a little something for everyone . " Similarly , Megan Frye triumphed the album as an " unyielding effort from a promising talent " .

Come What ( ever ) May sold over 80 @,@ 000 copies in its first week and debuted at the fourth spot on the Billboard 200 in the United States , and went on to be certified gold in the UK , Canada and the United States . In 2007 , the single " 30 / 30 @-@ 150 " was nominated for Best Metal Performance at the 49th Grammy Awards .


= = Track listing = =


All lyrics written by Corey Taylor , all music composed by Stone Sour .

On the iTunes deluxe version , the pop version of " Zzyzx Rd . " replaced the original version as the 12th track .


= = = Special edition DVD = = =



= = Personnel = =



= = Chart positions = =



