= Chad at the 2008 Summer Olympics =


Chad sent a delegation of two athletes to compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing , China : Moumi Sébergué , who competed in the men 's 100 meters , and Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert , who competed in the women 's 100 meters and also bore the Chadian flag during ceremonies . The appearance of this delegation marked the tenth appearance of Chad at the Summer Olympics , the first been in 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo , Japan , and its seventh appearance since its Olympic hiatus between 1976 and 1980 . Both Sébergué and Ndikert ranked seventh in their respective heats and did not advance past the qualification round . As of the end of the 2012 London Olympics , there have been no medalists from Chad .


= = Background = =


Chad is a landlocked country in Africa whose northern region lies within the eastern reaches of the Sahara Desert and whose southern region lies within the eastern portion of the Sahel . It borders Libya to the south , Niger to the east , Sudan to the west , and the Central African Republic to the north . Chad was originally part of French West Africa until 1960 , when it declared independence . Some four years later , the former French colony made its début at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo , Japan . For the next three decades , Chad became embroiled in civil war and experienced invasions by Libya and upheavals by Sudanese @-@ backed rebels ; the civil war ended in 1990 , although rebel threats had persisted between then and 2008 . During Chad 's greatest era of instability , athletes from the country did not attend the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montréal , Canada or the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow , USSR , although delegations were sent to all other games between 1964 and 2008 .

The largest Chadian delegation to reach the Olympics appeared in the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , South Korea and at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona , Spain ; each time , Chad 's National Olympic Committee sent six athletes . During the 1992 games , the NOC sent the nation 's first female Olympian . Since then ( and up to the Beijing games ) , at least one woman has been a part of the Chadian delegation . The smallest contingency of Chadian Olympians occurred during the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece , when only Kaltouma Nadjina competed on the country 's behalf . The delegation that arrived in Beijing consisted of two athletes — one man ( 30 @-@ year @-@ old Moumi Sébergué ) and one woman ( 15 @-@ year @-@ old Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert ) , both participants in track events . Ndikert was Chad 's flagbearer at the ceremonies . Up to and including the Beijing games , there has yet to have been a medalist from Chad .


= = Athletics = =


Competitors in athletics events could qualify for the next round of competition in two ways . Qualifying by right was posting a high result in their own heat , and qualifying by result was posting a high result in overall standings . Ranks shown are thus those within each heat , not in overall standings .

Moumi Sébergué represented Chad at the Beijing Olympics in the men 's 100 meters dash . Born in 1977 , Sébergué first participated in the Olympics at age 22 when he raced in the men 's 100 meters at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney , Australia , placing seventh in his qualification heat and not progressing to later rounds . He did not attend the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece , but returned to the Olympics at Beijing at the age of 30 . During the course of the August 14 , 2008 races in his event , when the qualification round took place , Sébergué competed in the tenth heat against seven other athletes . He finished the race in 11 @.@ 14 seconds , placing seventh in the heat ahead of Tuvalu 's Okinali Tinilau ( 11 @.@ 48 seconds ) and behind Gabon 's Wilfried Bingangoye ( 10 @.@ 87 seconds ) in a heat led by the Netherlands Antilles ' Churandy Martina ( 10 @.@ 35 seconds ) and Japan 's Naoki Tsukahara ( 10 @.@ 39 seconds ) . Of the 80 athletes who participated in the events , the Chadian sprinter ranked 70th . He did not advance to later rounds .

Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert competed on Chad 's behalf as the national delegation 's only female athlete at the Beijing games . She participated in the women 's 100 meters dash , and was 15 years old at the time of the competition . Ndikert had not previously competed in any Olympic games . During the qualification round of the event , which took place on August 15 , 2008 , Ndikert competed in the eighth heat against seven other athletes . She finished the race in 12 @.@ 55 seconds , placing seventh ; she defeated the Democratic Republic of the Congo 's Franka Magali ( 12 @.@ 57 seconds ) and fell behind Papua New Guinea 's Mae Koime ( 11 @.@ 68 seconds ) in a heat led by Nigeria 's Damola Osayomi ( 11 @.@ 13 seconds ) and the Bahamas ' Debbie Ferguson @-@ McKenzie ( 11 @.@ 17 seconds ) . Of the event 's 85 competitors , Ndikert finished in 64th place . Therefore , Ndikert did not advance to round two and beyond .

Key

Note – Ranks given for track events are within the athlete 's heat only

Q

= Qualified for the next round

q =

Qualified for the next round as a fastest loser or , in field events , by position without achieving the qualifying target

NR

= National record

N / A =

Round not applicable for the event

Bye = Athlete not required to compete in round


