= Temple Beth Israel ( Eugene , Oregon ) =


Temple Beth Israel ( Hebrew : בית ישראל ) is a Reconstructionist synagogue located at 1175 East 29th Avenue in Eugene , Oregon . Founded in the early 1930s as a Conservative congregation , Beth Israel was for many decades the only synagogue in Eugene .

The congregation initially worshipped in a converted house on West Eighth Street . It constructed its first building on Portland Street in 1952 , and occupied its current LEED @-@ compliant facilities in 2008 .

In the early 1990s conflict between feminist and traditional members led to the latter leaving Beth Israel , and forming the Orthodox Congregation Ahavas Torah . Beth Israel came under attack from neo @-@ Nazi members of the Volksfront twice , in 1994 and again in 2002 . In both cases the perpetrators were caught and convicted .

Services were lay @-@ led for decades . Marcus Simmons was hired as the congregation 's first rabbi in 1959 , but left in 1961 . After a gap of two years , Louis Neimand became rabbi in 1963 , and served until his death in 1976 . He was followed by Myron Kinberg , who served from 1977 to 1994 , and Kinberg in turn was succeeded by Yitzhak Husbands @-@ Hankin . Maurice Harris joined Husbands @-@ Hankin as associate rabbi in 2003 , and served until 2011 , when he was succeeded by Boris Dolin . As of 2014 , led by Husbands @-@ Hankin and Dolin , Beth Israel had approximately 400 member households , and was the largest synagogue in Eugene .


= = Early history = =


Small numbers of German Jews began settling in Eugene in the late 19th century , but most moved on . In the early 20th century the first Eastern European Jews settled there , and by the 1920s Eugene 's Jewish community began gathering prayer quorums for holding Friday night and Jewish holiday services in individuals ' homes . Historian Steven Lowenstein writes that " [ a ] fter Hymen Rubenstein 's death in 1933 , his home at 231 West Eighth Street was remodeled and named Temple Beth Israel " . It was a traditional Conservative synagogue , and from that time until the 1990s it was the only synagogue in Eugene .

In 1952 , the congregation constructed a one @-@ story synagogue building on an almost 1 acre ( 0 @.@ 40 ha ) property at 2550 Portland Street . Designed by architect and Holocaust @-@ survivor Heinrich Hormuth ( H.H. ) Waechter , the building featured an interior courtyard that provided natural lighting , and " a network of ceiling beams painted with symbols and shapes " by Waechter .

Temple Beth Israel 's services and religious functions were lay @-@ led for decades . Its first rabbi was Marcus Simmons . Originally from England , he was a graduate of University of London and Oxford University , and was ordained at the Hebrew Theological Seminary . He emigrated to the United States in 1957 , and joined Beth Israel in 1959 . The members were not , however , agreed that a full @-@ time rabbi was required , and in 1961 , he accepted a rabbinical position in Downey , California .

Following a hiatus of two years , Louis Neimand was hired as rabbi in 1963 . Born in New York City in 1912 to immigrant parents , he was a graduate of City University of New York and was ordained at the Jewish Institute of New York . He had previously worked for the United Jewish Appeal , and from 1959 to 1963 was the first Hillel rabbi at Syracuse University . There was some concern about Neimand 's hiring , as he had a police record as a result of his involvement in freedom marches in the African @-@ American Civil Rights Movement ( 1955 – 1968 ) . He served until his death in 1976 .


= = Kinberg era = =


Myron Kinberg was hired as rabbi in 1977 . Ordained in Reform Judaism , he had previously served as a rabbi in Topeka , Kansas for two years , then lived in Israel for two years , before coming to Eugene . Kinberg was known for his support for minority rights and gay rights , anti @-@ nuclear and anti @-@ war activism , support of reconciliation between Israel and the Palestinians , and outreach to non @-@ observant members of Eugene 's Jewish community .

Kinberg attempted to revive the Biblical concept of the " ger toshav " in his approach to intermarriage . He was willing to officiate at an intermarriage if the non @-@ Jewish partner , after discussions with the rabbi , agreed of his or her own free will to fulfill a set of commitments , including " a commitment to a Jewish home life , participation in Jewish life and tradition , and raising future children as Jews " . The non @-@ Jewish partner making this commitment became a " ger toshav " , or " non @-@ Jewish member of the Jewish people " .

Kinberg 's wife Alice was a strong feminist , and during the 1980s he and his wife supported a number of changes to the liturgy and ritual . These included allowing women to read from the Torah and lead the prayers , and changing prayers to be more gender inclusive - for example , using gender @-@ neutral terms and pronouns for God , and adding references to the Biblical matriarchs in prayers like the Amidah , which traditionally only mentioned the Biblical patriarchs . While most congregation members approved of these changes , a minority resisted them .


= = = Schism = = =


By the early 1990s serious divisions developed among the members of the congregation over a number of issues , including personal antagonisms , the rabbi 's activism and " advocacy of ' ultra @-@ liberal ' causes " , political differences over the Israeli – Palestinian conflict , and

a myriad of additional Jewish cultural / religious issues , such as the acceptance of intermarried couples , adherence to kosher dietary laws , the use of modern language and music during worship services , rewriting of certain prayers such as the Aleynu to make them less ethnocentric , and so on .

However , the biggest source of division , which underlay all others , was " the roles and rights of men and women in the synagogue . "

In the early 1990s a group of newly observant members began holding more traditional services in a back room of the synagogue , complete with a mechitza , a partition separating men and women . The " more feminist @-@ minded " members strongly objected to having a mechitza anywhere in the Temple Beth Israel building , even if it were not in the services they attended . The latter group eventually circulated a petition which stated that either the mechitza would have to be taken down , or those members who wanted it would have to leave . Kinberg also signed the petition . Faced with this opposition , in 1992 the Orthodox members left , renting new premises and hiring their own rabbi , creating Eugene 's second synagogue , originally called " The Halachic Minyan " , and in 1998 renamed " Congregation Ahavas Torah " .

Kinberg held himself responsible , and the schism led to his " reassessment of the needs of Temple Beth Israel and his role as a rabbi " . As a result , he left Beth Israel in 1994 to lead a synagogue on Long Island . During his tenure at Beth Israel , membership rose from 118 to 350 families . Kinberg died two years later at age 51 .


= = Husbands @-@ Hankin era = =


Yitzhak Husbands @-@ Hankin succeeded Kinberg in 1995 . Husbands @-@ Hankin began his involvement at Temple Beth Israel first as a congregant , then as cantor , and then as an assistant rabbi . He was active in forming the Jewish Renewal movement , and was ordained by its leader Zalman Schachter @-@ Shalomi .

The congregation decided to leave the Conservative movement in 1995 , and for a year had no affiliation . In late 1996 , after considering both Reform and Reconstructionist as alternatives , the congregation affiliated with the Reconstructionist movement . By 1999 , membership had grown to around 370 families .

Husbands @-@ Hankin was instrumental in developing the concept of " Ethical Kashrut " , the idea that one should only purchase goods that are produced in an ethical way . His essay , " Ethical Kashrut , " was selected for publication in Arthur Kurzweil 's Best Jewish Writing 2003 . A singer , cello and guitar player , he composes and performs Jewish music .

Husbands @-@ Hankin has had four assistant or associate rabbis working with him . Shoshana Spergel joined Temple Beth Israel in 1998 as interim rabbi when Husbands @-@ Hankins went on a sabbatical ; Jonathan Seidel was assistant rabbi from 2001 to 2003 . Maurice Harris , a 2003 graduate of the Reconstructionist Rabbinical College , joined as assistant rabbi in 2003 . He is one of the signators of The Open Letter Concerning Religion and Science From American Rabbis , part of the Clergy Letter Project which " encourages and embraces the teaching of evolution in schools " . In 2011 , Boris Dolin joined the congregation as its newest associate rabbi .


= = = Attacks by neo @-@ Nazis = = =


On March 20 , 1994 , Chris Lord , an individual associated with the Volksfront and American Front , fired ten rounds with an assault rifle into the temple , damaging the interior . The attacks were prompted by a newspaper article about several members of Eugene 's Jewish community , including a lesbian . Community organizations , including a local gay rights group , responded by standing vigil outside the synagogue during Passover services . Lord and an associate were caught and convicted , and Lord was sentenced to four and a half years in prison .

On October 25 , 2002 Jacob Laskey , his brother Gabriel Laskey , Gerald Poundstone , Jesse Baker , and one other man , all members of the Volksfront , drove to Beth Israel with the intent of intimidating the congregants . While a service with 80 members attending was taking place , the men threw rocks etched with Nazi swastikas through the synagogue 's stained glass windows , then sped off . The men were caught , pleaded guilty , and were convicted . They served sentences ranging from a 6 @-@ month work release term and five years probation , to eleven years and three months in federal prison for the ringleader , Jacob Laskey .


= = = East 29th Avenue building = = =


Originally sized for 75 families , Temple Beth Israel 's Portland Street building had been renovated and enlarged over the years to 7 @,@ 500 square feet ( 700 m2 ) to accommodate 250 families and 150 students . Despite these additions and the loss of members to Congregation Ahavas Torah , the synagogue was not large enough , particularly during the High Holidays , when extra space had to be rented . In 1997 the congregation purchased the property of the University Street Christian Church for $ 500 @,@ 000 ( today $ 740 @,@ 000 ) , and began planning for a new facility . The members considered renovating the existing building on the property , but felt a new building would better suit their requirements , and razed the church .

In 2003 the congregation got a permit to begin construction of a new facility on the now @-@ vacant 1 @.@ 37 @-@ acre ( 0 @.@ 55 ha ) plot of land at the northwest corner of East 29th Avenue and University Street . An initial capital campaign raised more than $ 1 @.@ 8 million , which fully paid for the land , and by August 2007 an additional $ 1 @.@ 7 million had been raised towards anticipated overall project costs of $ 5 million .

The environmentally sensitive building was designed by Mel Solomon and Associates of Kansas City and local company TBG Architects & Planners , and built by McKenzie Commercial Construction of Eugene . The building used " energy efficient heating , ventilation and lighting " : specific design issues with the building 's energy efficiency included the fact that the largest room in the building , the sanctuary , was also the least @-@ used , and , in accord with Jewish tradition , had to face east ( towards Jerusalem ) .

On June 8 , 2008 the congregation dedicated its new building at 1175 East 29th Avenue . At approximately 25 @,@ 000 square feet ( 2 @,@ 300 m2 ) , the facility included a sanctuary , commercial kitchen , banquet facilities , and classrooms , and housed the synagogue , the Lane County Jewish Federation , and the local Jewish Family Service . The project ended up costing $ 6 million , of which $ 4 million had been raised .

Made of concrete , steel , and wood , the building achieved Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design compliance " through the integration of stormwater management strategies , high efficiency irrigation , the use of recycled and / or recyclable materials , and drought tolerant plantings . " Completely recyclable materials used in the structure included carpeting and wood beams .


= = Recent events = =


In 2008 , Temple Beth Israel participated in Banners Across America , an " interfaith witness against torture coordinated by the National Religious Campaign Against Torture , " as part of the Jewish Campaign Against Torture . Organized by Rabbis for Human Rights — North America in honor of Torture Awareness Month , the Jewish campaign included over 25 synagogues which hung banners protesting " the use of abusive interrogation techniques by the American military and intelligence community " . That year , congregational membership reached almost 400 families , and the Talmud Torah and pre @-@ school had about 200 and 40 students respectively .

The congregation sold the old synagogue building on Portland Street to Security First ( Portland Street ) Child Development Center for $ 815 @,@ 000 in 2009 , carrying the Center 's financing . The building was converted for use as an educational center , while retaining some of the original architectural elements . Difficult economic conditions forced the Child Development Center to give up the building in 2011 , and Eugene 's Network Charter School planned to move into it in autumn 2011 .

Harris announced he would be stepping down as rabbi in 2011 , and the synagogue hired Boris Dolin as his successor . Born and raised in Oregon , Dolin had worked at Temple Beth Israel as a teacher and youth group adviser from 1999 to 2001 . A graduate of the University of Oregon , with a master 's degree in Jewish Education from the Jewish Theological Seminary , he was ordained by the Reconstructionist Rabbinical College .

As of 2011 , Temple Beth Israel was the largest synagogue in Eugene . It was a member of the Community of Welcoming Congregations , " an Oregon and SW Washington interfaith ministry and advocacy organization working toward full inclusion and equality for transgender , lesbian , bisexual , gay and questioning persons . " The rabbis were Yitzhak Husbands @-@ Hankin and Boris Dolin .



= New York State Route 93 =


New York State Route 93 ( NY 93 ) is a 43 @.@ 08 @-@ mile ( 69 @.@ 33 km ) state highway in western New York in the United States . The route begins at an intersection with NY 18F in the village of Youngstown and runs in a general northwest – southeast direction across Niagara and Erie counties to its east end at an intersection with NY 5 in the town of Newstead , just south of the village of Akron . NY 93 serves as a connector between several major arterials , including NY 104 in Cambria , NY 31 just west of the city of Lockport , and NY 78 south of the city .

The route was assigned as part of the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York . Although it began in Youngstown and ended in Newstead as it does today , the initial routing of NY 93 deviated from the modern path in the vicinity of the city of Lockport . From Cambria to Lockport 's eastern suburbs , the highway originally used NY 425 , Lower Mountain Road , Akron Road , and a series of streets in Lockport . NY 93 was moved onto NY 104 and Junction Road in Cambria in the 1940s , and altered to bypass Lockport to the south on a new highway and Robinson and Dysinger roads in 1991 . In 2006 , NY 93 was realigned west of Lockport to continue south on Junction Road to NY 31 . The change removed NY 93 from Upper Mountain Road , a county @-@ owned highway that had been part of the route since the 1930s .


= = Route description = =



= = = West of Lockport = = =


NY 93 begins at an intersection with NY 18F ( Main Street ; co @-@ designated but not signed as County Route 907 or CR 907 ) in the center of the village of Youngstown . The route proceeds eastward through the village as a two @-@ lane road named Lockport Street , serving two blocks of commercial areas before bending to the northeast and passing into the residential eastern portion of Youngstown . At the eastern village limits , NY 93 briefly widens to four lanes as it enters a partial cloverleaf interchange with the Niagara Scenic Parkway . Past the junction , the highway reverts to a two @-@ lane road and changes names to Youngstown – Lockport Road as it runs across the town of Porter . The residential surroundings continue to the hamlet of Towers Corners , where NY 93 connects to NY 18 ( Creek Road ) .

After NY 18 , NY 93 curves to the southeast , serving another residential stretch ahead of a junction with Youngstown – Wilson Road ( CR 36 ) on the eastern edge of Towers Corners . After this intersection , the homes give way to farms as the road heads into rural areas of the town . The route continues on a southeast track through Porter , passing a mixture of rural and residential areas on its way into the hamlet of Porter Center , where NY 93 enters an intersection with Porter Center Road ( CR 57 ) . Another southeastward stretch brings the route across Twelvemile Creek and into the hamlet of Ransomville , where NY 93 becomes the community 's main street . Through Ransomville , NY 93 retains the Youngstown – Lockport Road name , intersecting with Ransomville Road ( CR 17 ) in the hamlet 's business district .

Just outside Ransomville , NY 93 leaves the town of Porter for the town of Wilson . It continues generally southeastward across mostly open terrain , meeting Randall Road ( CR 83 ) and Church Street ( CR 56 ) on its way to the town of Cambria . NY 93 becomes North Ridge Road at the town line , and it soon enters the hamlet of North Ridge , a community built up around the route 's intersection with NY 425 ( Cambria – Wilson Road ) . The hamlet 's residential surroundings continue to the adjacent community of Molyneaux Corners , where NY 93 becomes concurrent with NY 104 ( Ridge Road ) . NY 93 and NY 104 proceed northeast across lightly populated areas for 2 miles ( 3 @.@ 2 km ) to the hamlet of Warren Corners , at which point NY 93 splits from NY 104 and heads southward along Town Line Road . It immediately intersects with Stone Road ( CR 19 ) before leaving the hamlet .


= = = Lockport area = = =


Outside of Warren Corners , the route heads across rural areas along the Cambria – Lockport town line . It soon enters the small hamlet of Hickory Corners , where the road passes under Lower Mountain Road ( CR 902 ) . Access to the highway is made by way of Town Line Road Spur ( CR 114 ) , a connector leading to Lower Mountain Road . NY 93 continues southward along the town line , changing names to Junction Road at an intersection with Upper Mountain Road ( CR 5 ) west of the city of Lockport . From here , the route crosses over CSX Transportation 's Lockport Subdivision rail line at the hamlet of Lockport Junction before intersecting with NY 31 ( Saunders Settlement Road ) and NY 270 ( Campbell Boulevard ) just south of the community . NY 270 begins straight ahead to the south while NY 93 turns northeast onto Saunders Settlement Road , beginning a concurrency with NY 31 .

Now fully in the town of Lockport , NY 31 and NY 93 proceed northeast through an open area of the town as a four @-@ lane divided highway . The two routes continue to the western edge of the city of Lockport , where they intersect with Upper Mountain Road and the Lockport Bypass . The overlap ends here as NY 93 turns southeastward onto the two @-@ lane bypass . Along the bypass , NY 93 briefly enters the city limits as it runs past several industrial facilities and intersects with Hinman Road ( CR 903 ) just ahead of a bridge over the Erie Canal . Past the waterway , the bypass takes a more southerly course through an undeveloped part of the town of Lockport to a junction with Robinson Road ( CR 123 ) on the Lockport – Pendleton town line . The Lockport Bypass ends here , leaving NY 93 to turn eastward onto Robinson Road .

The route initially serves a line of homes as it heads along Robinson Road ; however , it soon enters a commercial district surrounding the road 's intersection with NY 78 ( Transit Road ) . At this point , the Lockport – Pendleton town line turns south to follow NY 78 , leaving NY 93 fully within the town of Lockport as it runs eastward past another stretch of homes . Not far from NY 78 , NY 93 changes names to Dysinger Road at an intersection with Beattie Avenue ( CR 14 ) and Raymond Road ( CR 85 ) . The junction also marks a shift in the road 's surroundings as the homes give way to open , rolling terrain . NY 93 continues eastward for several miles to the town of Royalton , where it meets Riddle Road ( CR 35 ) and Akron Road ( CR 142 ) at adjacent intersections just east of the town line .


= = = East of Lockport = = =


NY 93 takes over Akron Road 's name and right @-@ of @-@ way , continuing eastward past a line of scattered homes to reach the sparsely developed hamlet of Dysinger . Here , the route turns southward at a junction with Bunker Hill Road ( CR 136 ) . Outside of Dysinger , NY 93 heads southeastward across undeveloped areas of Royalton , connecting to Block Church Road ( CR 110 ) as it approaches Tonawanda Creek and the Niagara – Erie county line . The road runs along the northern edge of the creek for about 1 @.@ 5 miles ( 2 @.@ 4 km ) prior to curving southward at an intersection with Wolcottsville Road ( CR 122 ) . The turn brings NY 93 across Tonawanda Creek and into the Erie County town of Newstead , where it becomes known as Maple Road and immediately intersects with CR 260 ( Koepsel Road ) .

Continuing southward , NY 93 runs across open , rolling terrain , meeting CR 259 ( Tonawanda Creek Road ) on its way to the hamlet of Swifts Mills . Here , the rural surroundings briefly give way to residential areas as NY 93 intersects with CR 255 ( Swift Mills Road ) in the center of the community . South of Swifts Mills , the road serves only intermittent stretches of homes for 2 miles ( 3 @.@ 2 km ) , including a cluster of residences around its closely spaced intersections with CR 253 ( Carney Road ) and CR 42 ( Rapids Road ) . It continues on a southward track past the eastern terminus of CR 218 ( Hunts Corner – Akron Road ) to the outskirts of the village of Akron , where the highway turns east onto Lewis Road and soon enters the village limits . NY 93 runs past a line of homes before intersecting Cedar Street , a road maintained by Erie County as CR 261 north of the village .

The route turns south at Cedar Street , following the residential street into downtown Akron . Here , NY 93 intersects with CR 573 ( John Street ) at a junction that was once the western terminus of NY 267 . At this intersection , NY 93 heads west on John Street for one block before continuing south on Buffalo Street for another block to Main Street . NY 93 turns westward again , following Main Street through the westernmost part of Akron 's central business district prior to curving southwestward at a junction with Mechanic Street . The highway takes on the Mechanic Street name as it crosses over Murder Creek and leaves downtown Akron . Just south of the creek , NY 93 changes names to Buell Street at an intersection with Jackson Street .

As the route continues southward through the southern part of Akron , it serves mostly residential areas , save for an industrial complex at NY 93 's intersection with CR 163 ( Clarence Center Road ) and CR 167 ( Parkview Drive ) . NY 93 exits Akron a short distance south of the junction , at which point the route heads into another area of open fields while retaining the Buell Street name . It continues on a southward track for about 1 mile ( 1 @.@ 6 km ) to a commercialized intersection with NY 5 ( Main Road ) , where Buell Street and NY 93 both come to an end .


= = History = =



= = = Designation and early changes = = =


NY 93 was established as part of the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York , connecting the cities and villages of Youngstown , Lockport , and Akron . While the termini of NY 93 have remained the same to this day , several portions of the route have been realigned since that time . When NY 93 was first assigned , it turned south at the hamlet of North Ridge and overlapped with NY 425 along Cambria – Wilson Road to Lower Mountain Road , then part of NY 3 . NY 425 went west from this junction while NY 93 headed eastward , following NY 3 along Lower Mountain , Gothic Hill , Upper Mountain , and Saunders Settlement roads to the city of Lockport . At Locust Street , NY 93 left NY 3 and exited the city along Locust , High , and Akron streets and Akron Road . It met its current alignment southeast of the city in Royalton .

NY 3 was realigned c . 1932 to follow Saunders Settlement Road between Shawnee Road ( NY 425 ) and Upper Mountain Road . The former routing of NY 3 along Shawnee , Lower Mountain , Gothic Hill , and Upper Mountain roads was redesignated as NY 3A even though all of NY 3 's former routing was already part of either NY 425 or NY 93 . The NY 3A designation was eliminated c . 1935 when NY 3 was truncated eastward to a new western terminus in central New York . In the early 1940s , NY 93 was altered to follow North Ridge Road , U.S. Route 104 ( now NY 104 ) , and Junction Road between North Ridge and Lower Mountain Road .

Around the same time that NY 93 was rerouted , NY 270 was also extended northward along Junction Road from NY 31 to US 104 . As a result , NY 93 overlapped NY 270 between Lower Mountain Road and US 104 . The overlap with NY 270 remained in place until c . 1963 when NY 270 was truncated southward to the intersection of Lower Mountain and Junction roads . NY 93 was realigned in the late 1970s to bypass Lower Mountain and Gothic Hill Roads on Junction and Upper Mountain roads , replacing NY 270 along Junction Road . The Lower Mountain Road portion of NY 93 's former routing is now maintained by Niagara County as County Route 902 ( CR 902 ) .


= = = Lockport realignments = = =


The Lockport Bypass , a highway bypassing downtown Lockport to the southwest , was opened to traffic on July 26 , 1991 . The highway cost $ 7 @.@ 7 million ( equivalent to $ 13 @.@ 4 million in 2016 ) to construct and extended from the junction of NY 31 and NY 93 west of the city to Robinson Road south of downtown . NY 93 was realigned to follow the new bypass south to Robinson Road , where it turned east and followed Robinson Road ( CR 123 ) and Dysinger Road ( CR 133 ) to Akron Road in Royalton . The portion of Akron Road ( NY 93 's former routing ) east of the Lockport city limits became NY 954M , an unsigned reference route .

Ownership and maintenance of Robinson Road from the bypass to NY 78 was transferred from Niagara County to the state of New York on September 1 , 1990 , as part of a highway maintenance swap between the two levels of government . The portion of NY 93 between NY 78 and Akron Road became state @-@ maintained on October 1 , 1998 , as part of another swap that also transferred ownership and maintenance of Akron Road to Niagara County . Akron Road is now CR 142 .

On November 1 , 2005 , the Niagara County Legislature voted on a measure to allow the county to ask the New York State Department of Transportation ( NYSDOT ) to remove the NY 93 designation from Upper Mountain Road , a county @-@ maintained highway , and reassign it to Junction Road ( NY 270 ) and Saunders Settlement Road ( NY 31 ) . The impetus for the change came from a resident of Upper Mountain Road , who demanded that trucks should be removed from the roadway . This part of the agenda was passed . NYSDOT obliged to the request in 2006 , rerouting NY 93 as proposed and truncating NY 270 southward to NY 31 .


= = Major intersections = =



