= Typhoon Krosa ( 2013 ) =


Typhoon Krosa , known in the Philippines as Typhoon Vinta , was a typhoon that made landfall in the northern Philippines in late October 2013 . Forming on October 27 near Guam , the storm slowly intensified while moving westward . Krosa developed an eye and became a typhoon before striking Luzon on October 31 . The storm weakened over land , but re @-@ intensified over the South China Sea , reaching peak winds of 150 km / h ( 90 mph ) on November 2 off the southeast coast of China . Typhoon Krosa stalled and encountered unfavorable conditions , resulting in quick weakening . By November 3 , it had weakened to tropical storm status , and was no longer being warned on by the next day . In northern Luzon , Krosa damaged 32 @,@ 000 houses , including 3 @,@ 000 that were destroyed , and caused four fatalities . High winds and rainfall left P277 million ( PHP , $ 6 @.@ 4 million USD ) in damage .


= = Meteorological history = =


On October 27 , an area of convection with a broad circulation persisted southeast of Guam , and slowly consolidated due to moderate wind shear and westerly outflow . That day , the Japan Meteorological Agency ( JMA ) classified the system as a tropical depression about 380 km ( 235 mi ) to the southeast of Hagåtña , Guam . At 2100 UTC on October 28 , the Philippine Atmospheric , Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration ( PAGASA ) began issuing advisories on the depression , giving it the local name Vinta . The next day , the JMA upgraded the depression to Tropical Storm Krosa ( 1329 ) , and the Joint Typhoon Warning Center ( JTWC ) also classified it as Tropical Depression 29W . By that time , the storm was moving steadily westward due to the subtropical ridge to the north . With the warm waters of the Philippine Sea , lessening wind shear , and improving outflow , Krosa gradually strengthened , and the JTWC also upgraded Krosa to tropical storm status on October 30 after an eye feature developed .

While approaching northern Luzon on October 29 , Krosa quickly intensified as the initial eye feature organized into a well @-@ defined eye . Late on October 30 , the JTWC upgraded Krosa to typhoon status , and the next day , both PAGASA and JMA followed suit . On October 31 , Krosa made landfall in northeastern Luzon near Cagayan , and developed a symmetric eyewall while initially moving over land . Land interaction weakened the eye by the time Krosa emerged into the South China Sea late on October 31 . The next day , PAGASA discontinued advisories after the typhoon exited the region . Convection rebuilt around the center , with continued favorable conditions allowing for restrengthening .

Late on November 1 , a large eye redeveloped , and the JTWC estimated Krosa attained peak 1 minute sustained winds of 185 km / h ( 115 mph ) . Early the next day , the JMA also estimated the typhoon reached peak 10 minute winds of 140 km / h ( 85 mph ) . Later , increasing wind shear caused the eye to deteriorate , and Krosa began slowing about 260 km ( 160 mi ) east @-@ southeast of Hong Kong after reaching the western edge of the subtropical ridge . After remaining nearly stationary , Krosa began moving steadily to the west @-@ southwest due to a new ridge . The convection continued to weaken due to continued shear and cooler waters from upwelling , and Krosa deteriorated to tropical storm status on November 3 . The next day , the JTWC issued its final advisory after the circulation became exposed from the convection . Also on November 4 , the JMA downgraded Krosa to tropical depression status off the northeast Vietnam coast . The system dissipated at 0000 UTC on November 5 .


= = Preparations and impact = =


Before Krosa struck the Philippines , PAGASA issued a number 3 warning signal for portions of northern Luzon , where winds were expected to reach over 100 km / h ( 60 mph ) . The agency noted for the potential for flooding and landslides . High winds knocked down trees across Luzon , and left about 80 % of Cagayan province without power , as well as some areas without internet or cellphone service . Portions of the Pan @-@ Philippine Highway were blocked , and in Lal @-@ Lo , Cagayan , a car crashed into a gasoline truck due to power outages . Agriculture damage was estimated at P273 million ( PHP , $ 6 @.@ 3 million USD ) , occurring just before the start of the harvest . Across the island , the typhoon damaged 32 @,@ 745 houses , including 3 @,@ 837 that were destroyed , forcing 65 @,@ 648 people to evacuate to storm shelters . Overall , Krosa killed four people in the Philippines , and left P273 million ( PHP , $ 6 @.@ 4 million USD ) in damage . After the storm , workers quickly restored power lines , while the government provided monetary assistance to storm @-@ ravaged families , after Cagayan was declared a state of calamity . Members of the Philippine military and Department of Public Works and Highways worked to clean up following the storm .

The China National Meteorological Centre issued a " yellow alert " , the second @-@ lowest of the four level warning system , for Hainan due to the threat of the storm . The agency recommended boats to return to port . Agencies in Vietnam also warned for the potential of heavy rainfall due to the dissipating Tropical Depression Krosa , and released water from three dams to prevent overflow .


