Snoop Dogg is the headliner of Super Bowl Lii.
Snoop Dogg is the headliner of Bet'S Gospel Concert.
Snoop Dogg is the dj of Playboy'S Big Game Weekend Party.
Jennifer Lopez is the performer of National Anthem.
Jennifer Lopez is the headliner of Directv Super Saturday Night Concert.
Pink is the performer of National Anthem.
Pink is the performer of Concert At Wandering Live! At The Armory.
Justin Timberlake is the headliner of Halftime Show.
Justin Timberlake is the host of Listening Party At Paisley Park.
Justin Timberlake is the release of Man Of The Woods.
Migos is the performer of Rolling Stone Magazine Party.
21 Savage is the performer of Rolling Stone Magazine Party.
T-Pain is the performer of Rolling Stone Magazine Party.
Ellie Goulding is the performer of Concert At Mystic Lake.
Kygo is the performer of Concert At Mystic Lake.
Issa Rae is the speaker of Speaking At Nfl'S Women'S Summit.
Yvonne Orji is the co-host of Co-Hosting Bet'S Gospel Concert.
Pastor John Gray is the co-host of Co-Hosting Bet'S Gospel Concert.
Faith Evans is the performer of Bet'S Gospel Concert.
Sheila E. is the performer of Bet'S Gospel Concert.
Donnie Mcclurkin is the performer of Bet'S Gospel Concert.
Erica Campbell is the performer of Bet'S Gospel Concert.
Tye Tribbett is the performer of Bet'S Gospel Concert.
Imagine Dragons is the performer of Ea Sports Bowl.
Machine Gun Kelly is the performer of Ea Sports Bowl.
Mura Masa is the performer of Ea Sports Bowl.
The Chainsmokers is the performer of Occult Lake Concert.
Maxim is the host of Party On Saturday.
Post Malone is the performer of Party On Saturday.
Dave Matthews Band is the performer of Concert On Saturday.
Florida Georgia Line is the performer of Concert On Saturday.
Kelly Clarkson is the performer of Concert On Sunday.
Sheila E. is the performer of Concert On Sunday.
Diddy is the performer of Players Ball Extravaganza.
Dj Khaled is the performer of Players Ball Extravaganza.
French Montana is the performer of Players Ball Extravaganza.
G-Eazy is the performer of Players Ball Extravaganza.
Busta Rhymes is the performer of Players Ball Extravaganza.