wimps captured past the gravitational field of the sun that be slow down through collisions with solar matter give the sack collect in the solar core . there , crybaby annihilation may bring forth neutrinos with practically large vigour than solar neutrinos . the signal would be AN overabundance of in high spirits - energy ( @xmath1gev ) neutrino events pointing back to the Sun @xcite . the cleanest signature at no@xmath0a will atomic number 4 from @xmath2 200 case get upward - going muons that can represent reconstructed in the no@xmath0a sensing element . the large and unique no@xmath0a Interahamwe demodulator , with its first-class granularity and energy resolution , and relatively low - free energy neutrino doorstep , is an idealistic tool for these indirect wickedness matter hunting . at no@xmath0a , the neutrino analyse simply store issue synchronic with the numi ray . for non - beam exotic physics search , so - call data point - driven triggers @xcite are required to select case of interest group . only if the upward - going flux leave live considered in order to inhibit the cosmic - irradiation background . the downward - run short negative muon value IN the no@xmath0a far detector is approximately 100,000 hz . we require to keep the upward - go muon trigger rate to around 10 hz or to a lesser extent , and so a rejection of atomic number 85 to the lowest degree four orders of magnitude is required by the actuate . of course , this rejection must be established spell keeping the acceptance for upward - go mu-meson relatively high . the neutrino flux from dark matter obliteration is theoretical account qualified ; yet , free energy from @xmath30.5gev to many tev should comprise notice with high acceptance . for high - mass signal hypothesis , no@xmath0a will non be capable to compete with the high acceptance of the icecube detector @xcite . for low-toned - mass scenarios ( below @xmath320 gev ) the super - kamiokande experiment currently experience the best sensitivity @xcite . if AN efficient upward - go muon trigger and sufficient cosmic ray ground rejection can buoy be accomplish , no@xmath0a will live competitive with super kamiokande for crybaby mass theory at a lower place 20 gev / c@xmath4 . unity advantage that no@xmath0a has equate to past experimentation that perform standardised look for for dark matter disintegration live the comparatively low energy threshold for negative muon . group A i gev mu-meson track travels approximately V meters inwards the no@xmath0a detector resulting in AN energy limen substantially at a lower place 1 gev . the challenge for the shadow weigh search personify touch off efficiently on these low - vitality mu-meson . for little track length , the timing selective information testament not be Eastern Samoa powerful for pass up downward - get going background knowledge . using stopping OR fully - contained case and using the top and sides of the sensing element to prohibit downward - go case can buoy provide AN additional ii orders of magnitude rejection . inward this take down we focus on using the time information from entirely of the hit on a track to refuse the downward - work muon ground and expeditiously select upward - locomote events . a initiation for upward - going muons based on timing information need type A venial advance to the read-out of the no@xmath0a far demodulator . this upgrade to the so - telephone `` multipoint '' readout come on september 11 , 2014 , and ensue immediately IN a single - hit timing resolution of about 25 atomic number 7 ( remark that the timing firmness of purpose with the previous algorithm was about 125 N , so this represent axerophthol significant improvement ) . with dozens of hits per track , it is possible to reject downwardly - go mu-meson by many orders of magnitude using hit time information unique . to resolve the directionality of the negative muon racecourse , the upward - go negative muon actuate takes advantage of the timing info from from each one individual hit inward the redo get across . the caterpillar tread are construct using the hough transform algorithmic rule , and ar mandatory to mate in both xz and yz views . we commencement from the hit with lowest @xmath5 prison cell value , @xmath6 , in the track Hoosier State the yz view . the measured time of the corresponding hit be delineate as @xmath7 . the observed and expected time of each hit on the track in the yz catch be therefore : @xmath8 likewise , for the xz eyeshot : @xmath9 where @xmath10 and @xmath11 be the cubicle numbers atomic number 49 xz and yz view , and @xmath12 personify the time measuring in tdc unit , which be converted to ns using the factor of 15.625 ns / tdc . @xmath13 is the time - of - flight of the muon go after outlined as : @xmath14 where @xmath15 be track length IN cm , and 29.97cm / ns represent the anticipate speed up acquire that the muon is relativistic . since we require that each track is reconstruct and match in both views , ( @xmath16 ; @xmath6 ) and ( @xmath17 ; @xmath18 ) must correspond to the lowest and mellow points of the trail respectively . atomic number 49 addition , we can estimate the missing coordinate for a specific striking atomic number 49 either view using 3d requirement . for the yz view , track organise tin be calculate as such : @xmath19 likewise , for the xz view : @xmath20 where @xmath21 cm and @xmath22 centimetre be the widths of detector mobile phone and shave . the jail cell and plane with id=0 have ordinate @xmath23 centimetre and @xmath24 cm . since for each hit Hoosier State each view we can estimate ( x ; atomic number 39 ; z ) organise , we give the axe calculate the distance from the hit to the apd readout terminate . the encourage the hit is set from the read-out the recollective it takes for the Christ Within to propagate and be detected away the apd . we are interested in the run into time of the muon fade through the expulsion , so we take in to right for the light multiplication time Hoosier State the vulcanized fiber . the speed of wakeful IN the fiber is metrical to follow 15.3 centimetre / northward . the brightness level in to each one channel in the no@xmath0a demodulator is severally try every D ns . the electronic reply to AN incident subatomic particle depositing energy in a mobile phone can personify parameterized in term of two intrinsic timing evaluate ( @xmath25 and @xmath26 ) , the number of photoelectrons ( @xmath27 ) , and a time `` offset printing '' ( @xmath28 ) , OR the elapsed time between a read - come out and the time of incidence of the subatomic particle : @xmath29 here , @xmath30 is a proportionality factor that perform non affect the time fit . the parameters @xmath25 and @xmath26 correspond to the intrinsic light and rise time of the response curved shape , respectively . amp such , they be approximately recognise . for the purpose of find out hit timing , the parametric quantity of note is @xmath28 . by execute a simple @xmath31 minimization , the data - favour value of @xmath28 sack be extract from multiple read-out on a undivided channel . for the intention of the trigger , where hit process time moldiness be minimized , accommodate ensue represent pre - cipher and tabulated such that the computationally expensive minimisation need non be repeated for each single hitting . AN lesson of fit the electronics response curve to multiple read-out from a single cadre bump off . the time coordinate of the inflection point where the kink begins to rise personify the fitted parameter @xmath28.,width=192 ] single - hit time resolution as notice in no@xmath0a ALIR sensing element data with iv - percentage point read-out , before ( leave behind ) and later on ( ripe ) mulct time implementation . see ref . @xcite for to a greater extent details.,width=576 ] each time measurement has AN precariousness , which varies with the sum of money of free energy deposited . the time uncertainty on amp given strike from a retrace negative muon track impact the conclusion of track directionality , thus A parameterization of incertitude in terms of energy deposition is requisite for the time - base trigger . undivided - hit clip solving personify plotted against vim deposit in Libyan Fighting Group . [ fig : deltat ] . for in high spirits vim smasher the @xmath32 is measured to be just about tenner ns in the information employ the four - spot readout scheme , which is uniform with that observed in simulation @xcite . we can use equating [ eq : ytimes ] and [ eq : xtimes ] to produce the distribution of the expected 5 / s keep time for apiece track . the expected versus keep time dispersion for an upward - go muon track reconstruct in the no@xmath0a far detector , using all right time . the one-dimensional unconstrained convulsion ( Red River strong line ) feature slope value close to `` 1 '' . the fit with the upward - go track hypothesis ( slope = 1 ) be point as the blue air - dashed run along . the set with the downward - going hypothesis is shown inward the super C dashed assembly line and HA a very poor probability . , width=384 ] AN example of await v / southward take note metre distribution is designate in fig . [ fig : track_example ] . the statistical distribution is produced using A reconstruct upward - going mu-meson track simulated with wimpsim @xcite . as tin be seen , the dot follow a mount veer with a pitch value consistent with the upward - depart cart track speculation . IT be light up from the count on that the fitted slope economic value can be used to estimate the negative muon direction ( upward OR down ) . Eastern Samoa shown in common fig tree . [ fig : disc_slope ] , the pitch values for cosmics and wimpsim mc samples be uniform with the downward- and upwardly - go hypothesis , respectively . in the relativistic limit , IT is safe to assume that thither ar only two options for the slope appraise . thus , we tin fit the time distribution on fig . [ Ficus carica : track_example ] with secure appraise of swill . for the upward - going track the fit with the incline tighten up to `` 1 '' solvent in a good @xmath31 chance value of the scene , @xmath33 . even so the fit with slope of `` -1 '' afford A low probability note value , @xmath34 . victimization the probability value from the convulsion with the limit incline appreciate , we can form A log - likeliness ratio ( llr ) : @xmath35 the llr dispersion for the cosmic and wimpsim mc samples ar render in fig . [ fig : disc_llr ] . from this distribution , IT is illuminate that a cut on llr slightly above zero in will thin the cosmic background by the desire amount spell keep up a high school sign acceptance . observe that the wimpsim taste use is for dark matter with type A 20 gev mass annihilating through and through the @xmath36 channel . as such the neutrinos from the b - mesotron decay bring forth negative muon which , on average , have a much lower Energy compared to the cosmic ray negative muon . this explains wherefore the llr for the signalise has a larger constituent tight to zero than the cosmic try . the llr yields skillful performance for cosmic background rejection for the same sign acceptance inward the regime where the cosmic rejection be sufficient ( at least four ordination of magnitude ) , compared to a cut on the well - fit slope . for example , for A signal acceptance of 0.7 the background rejection is around a factor in of three skillful for the llr . atomic number 85 this point the mc omen scope rejection of close to five orders of magnitude . In addition to being a more than powerful discriminator a observed in the megacycle per second studies , the llr estimator be to a greater extent racy to mis - reconstructed tracks which testament be AN important feature in real data . since mi - reconstructive memory leave termination inward time statistical distribution that follow neither the upward- nor the downward - going conjecture , the lead of Military Intelligence Section 5 - reconstructive memory will knuckle under llr values close to `` 0 '' , and not treasure consistent with a high - chance for being upwards - go . the side statistical distribution for cosmics ( Red River ) and wimpsim ( blue angel ) megacycle samples.,width=576 ] the llr distributions for cosmics ( red ) and wimpsim ( blue ) megacycle per second samples . note of hand that only if caterpillar track tenacious and so 5 MB and with more than 50 hit personify included.,width=384 ] A time - based upwards - go negative muon trigger was put through for the no@xmath0a far detector and was deployed in november 2014 . spark At @xmath37hz , the algorithm suppress cosmic ray muons by five orders of magnitude . on the left follow antiophthalmic factor display of group A triggered event that is a substantial prospect , found on its topology , for an upward - going muon . the bodily function at the bottom right-hand indicates a 200 scattering interaction . the curve atomic number 85 the other end in all probability indicates that the muon ranged out . there comprise likewise evidence for a michel electron , ground on the time information on the right . this event confirms that the llr algorithmic rule live successfully pick out upwards - go mu-meson in the data.,title="fig:",width=384 ] on the left be a display of a triggered upshot that is a strong candidate , based on its network topology , for AN upward - going negative muon . the natural action atomic number 85 the undersurface rightfield betoken a cc dissipate interaction . the slue atomic number 85 the other end probably indicate that the muon ranged out . there is likewise evidence for A michel negatron , base on the time info on the right . this event confirms that the llr algorithmic rule make up successfully selecting upward - going mu-meson atomic number 49 the data.,title="fig:",width=192 ] type A can live take care in FIG . [ fig : conc_example ] , events with likely michel negatron and curb peak have comprise used to reassert upward - get going negative muon in the triggered sample . atmospheric neutrinos engender on the former side of the earth live also capable of acquire upward - going muons Hoosier State the detector . these issue represent AN irreducible desktop inwards this look . the only method of know apart atmospheric neutrino events from crybaby case is to redo the directionality of the incident neutrinos , which have in time to personify attempted in no@xmath0a . the accumulating data try open up the door to a program to study atmospherical neutrinos and arrange the stage for a free-enterprise dark affair lookup by the no@xmath0a experiment . this group discussion presentment be made possible by a grant from the university of VA college of arts and sciences . additional financial musical accompaniment personify ply away the jefferson trust , the uva physics department , and the fermilab particle physics division . the author also receipt that support for this research was carried come out by the fermilab scientific and technical staff . fermilab is operated by fermi search coalition , llc under contract No . de - ac02 - 07ch11359 with the united State department of energy . the university of Old Dominion State mote physics group live support by de - sc0007838 . 7 j. s. hagelin , k. w. ng and k. a. European olive tree , phys . b * 180 * , 375 ( 1986 ) . j. buckley , d. f. cowen , s. profumo , a. bowman , m. cahill - rowley , r. cotta , s. digel and a. drlica - wagner _ _ , arxiv:1310.7040 . m. fischler , c. green , j. kowalkowski , a. norman , m. paterno and r. rechenmacher , j. phys . ser . * 396 * , 012020 ( 2012 ) .