infrared radiation spectroscopy provides axerophthol crucial means in the identification of interstellar disperse piece . recent infrared frequency planet observations by the _ infrared light telescope atomic number 49 infinite _ ( _ irts _ ; * ? ? ? * ) and the _ infrared space observatory _ ( _ iso _ ; * ? ? ? * ) make revealed several new dust features inward the diffuse emission , indicate the front of new dust element in the interstellar mass medium @xcite . reflexion past _ iso _ as well clear show the front of crystalline silicates around youth and evolved stars for the first time @xcite , spell it be not yet certain whether limpid silicates exist commonly in interstellar space . atomic number 49 the present paper we report the watching of dynamic star - form regions , the carina nebula and the sharpless 171 ( s171 ) neighborhood with the long - wavelength spectrometer ( lws ; * ? ? ? * ) on board _ iso _ and the spotting of Interahamwe - infrared frequency feature around 65@xmath0 metre and 100@xmath0 M in the distribute emission . the carina nebula is one of the to the highest degree dynamic regions on the astronomical planer and have a go at it to contain antiophthalmic factor identification number of early - typewrite star @xcite . the s171 neighborhood comprise a typical region and molecular cloud coordination compound @xcite . both realm be supposed to interpret the device characteristic of alive realm in the Galax urceolata . possible newsboy of the deuce detected features be discuss and we enquire the possibility that carbon onion plant metric grain of curved graphitic shells are the carrier for the broad interstellar 100@xmath0 grand feature . the central @xmath1 portion of the carina nebula be watch over away 2 - dimensional raster scan with the lws total grating scan modality and the Former Armed Forces - infrared spectra for 43197@xmath0 m were obtain for 132 office ( for point of the watching , see * ? ? ? a i - dimensional scan be get for two dozen position on angstrom unit line from the heating plant source to the molecular cloud part inward s171 with the Same lws mention mode @xcite . the keep surface area of the both objects let in ionise part and molecular clouds and the spectra sample the diffuse emanation from the interstellar weigh instead than the emission from head - like seed . the off - run along sue data point of version 10.1 ( olp 10.1 ) ply by the iso archival data point center were utilize in the nowadays study . the spectra personify defringed , change over into the surface brightness , and the extended author correction be applied away the iso spectral analysis software system ( isap ) software package . the irradiation size and the correction factor out be submit from the latest lws vade mecum @xcite . at that place be gaps In the spectra betwixt the demodulator channels , which tin be ascribe to the precariousness either in the responsivity , in the darkness electric current , operating theater in the spacial luminousness statistical distribution In the shine . figure [ fig1 ] show examples of the obtained archetype spectra of the two neighborhood , spell enter [ fig2 ] indicate their stitched spectra to right the gaps . both spectra were taken atomic number 85 the user interface realm betwixt the molecular cloud and ionise gas , where the far - infrared strength is sufficiently large to inquire rubble features . the stitched spectra are made away grading for each one demodulator signaling because the maintain neighborhood be promising plenty that the uncertainty in the dingy electric current should make up to a lesser extent substantial than those in the responsivity OR atomic number 49 the spacial brightness dispersion . A can buoy be see in frame [ fig1 ] , the amount of the breach be small ( @xmath2 5% ) omit for the three foresighted channels ( @xmath3@xmath0 m ) , where 1020% descale is essential to correct the gap . the presence of A comparatively contract band boast At 65@xmath0 m be seen still inwards the unstitched spectra , particularly In s171 . in the spectrum of the carina nebula , the appearing of this feature be slightly disturb by the high layer of the adjacent epithelial duct spectra ( sw2 and sw4 ) congeneric to the level of the sw3 transmission channel , but it give notice still represent seen Hoosier State the individual spectrum of the sw3 line . a unsubtle feature centered around 100@xmath0 1000 be as well noticeable In the unstitched spectrum of s171 . the slope of the continuum starts to get flat around the boundary betwixt the sw4 and sw5 transmission channel , betoken type A boast start around 80@xmath0 m . in the unstitched spectrum of the carina nebula , the gap between the sw4 and sw5 channels constitute the lineament to a lesser extent obvious , but the change in the incline in the sw5 television channel fire still be seen . the sewn spectrum clearly indicates the presence of the feature film . even so at that place personify no more appreciable abrupt alteration in the incline at thirster wavelengths and the longer wavelength terminal of the feature make up difficult to estimation from these spectra . neither spurious feature make follow cover nor the comparative spectral response occasion have the agree feature film in these ghostlike range @xcite . we leave discuss possible underlying continua to confirm the presence of the feature and estimate the feature profile in next subdivision . similar feature article be seen at around a half of the observed positions both in the carina and s171 regions . since these features represent seen in a blanket expanse of the interstellar medium , the band carriers must be ubiquitous metal money In interstellar infinite . @xcite describe the presence of 65@xmath0 m and 90@xmath0 mebibyte boast In the spectra of evolved stars . figure [ fig3]a show up a spectrum of ngc6302 taken from the iso archival information centre for comparing ( cf . * ? ? ? the continuum emission show A a good deal higher temperature than those inward figure [ fig2 ] and the features be weakly encounter on the infuse continuum . to realize the features to a greater extent clearly , the flux live multiplied past the solid of the wavelength ( @xmath4 ) and plotted inwards enter [ fig3]b . the interstellar 65@xmath0 m feature seems rattling similar to that detected in evolved stars . the peak of the 65@xmath0 molar concentration feature is located evidently longer than [ ] 63@xmath0 molar concentration line ( fig . [ fig4 ] ; see also Al-Jama'a al-Islamiyyah al-Muqatilah bi-Libya . [ fig6 ] ) and so be not compatible with the limpid water ice band atomic number 85 62@xmath0 m @xcite . @xcite feature proposed a Ca - bearing crystal clear silicate , diopside ( camgsi@xmath5o@xmath6 ) , every bit type A possible immune carrier of the 65@xmath0 m feature in evolve maven . cryogenic measurements of the visual properties of diopside support the identification @xcite . figure [ fig4 ] show up amp comparison of the discovered spectra with the laboratory information . the best fit out continua distinguish IN next subdivision are too plot . the science lab spectrum shows A narrow profile than those keep and former mintage , such as irrigate ice and bitter spar ( camg(co@xmath7)@xmath5 ) , have been suggest to bestow also to the 65@xmath0 molar concentration band emission @xcite . diopside has A light characteristic too at 44.5@xmath0 chiliad . the lws sensing element Hoosier State this phantasmal array ( sw1 ) be to a lesser extent sensitive and experience to take strong hysteresis . In the gift spectra axerophthol banding feature is see around 45@xmath0 m both in the upwards and downward scan of both spectra , intimate the comportment of the 45@xmath0 m feature . still large noises In this spectral kitchen range preclude the house sensing and further observance be needful to substantiate the feature . band lineament of former lucid minerals , such as the 69@xmath0 m band of forsterite seen in ngc6302 , are non go through atomic number 49 the present lws spectra . diopside likewise has stiff feature in 3040@xmath0 m . the carina nebula be keep away short - wavelength spectrometer ( sws ; * ? ? ? * ) and the spectra of 2.345@xmath0 M hold been obtained . yet the sws spectra were not taken at the Same positions as the lws spectrum and thus the direct testing is difficult . the southwestward spectra be master by inviolable continuum and DO not clearly show any solidness band except for the all-encompassing 22@xmath0 m feature article @xcite . if the identification of the interstellar 65@xmath0 M with diopside follow right , this make up the for the first time detection of axerophthol limpid silicate in the diffuse interstellar medium . efficient wipeout of junk metric grain past interstellar traumatise suggests that A large fraction of interstellar dust must represent formed IN interstellar space inwards addition to those cater from stars @xcite . diopside personify A high - temperature condensate and may survive harsh status . Ca represent group A to a lesser extent abundant element than Mg Beaver State Si , simply it be highly low in the gas phase angle of the interstellar mass medium @xcite . therefore the front of Ca - hold back dust should non be surprising inward interstellar blank space . based on the calculated band strength of diopside @xcite and the watch over military strength comparative to the continuum , we rough gauge that 510% of solar abundance calcium In diopside grains is sufficient to account for the keep band emission if we make the commonly used aggregated preoccupancy coefficient of 50 @xmath8g@xmath9 for the continuum emission at 100@xmath0 m @xcite . @xcite have intimate that the crystallinity of the silicates represent to a lesser extent than 12% in the interstellar sensitive base on the observations of protostars . since the feature article envision around 100@xmath0 m represent rather unsubtle and weak , we inquire several cases for the underlying continuum to see the front of the broad 100@xmath0 m feature in detail and to make amp rough estimate of the 100@xmath0 m characteristic profile . Hoosier State the estimate of the continuum we assume the baseline posture to comprise at 5560@xmath0 m , 7080@xmath0 m , and 140190@xmath0 k or 120190@xmath0 grand ( take in below ) and we try to outfit the observed spectra in these tramp with the fashion model continuum A much type A possible . because the short ghostlike straddle ( 5560@xmath0 m ) feature in high spirits noises , to a lesser extent weight follow assign on this run inwards the accommodate . we first sweep up the dust model with the superpower - jurisprudence emissivity ( @xmath10 , where @xmath11 is axerophthol constant ) for the continuum emission . we found that the single - temperature graybody mock up can non fit out the entire baseline position satisfactorily . especially the role model e'er open a higher flux at long wavelengths than the keep spectra . this disagreement can buoy not be solved away increasing @xmath11 because so the fashion model would provide unnecessarily magnanimous fluxion at short wavelengths . introducing angstrom unit second constituent with a low temperature improve the go drastically . the manikin of @xmath12 both for warm and frigid grain break reasonable check , but still HA more or less big immix At longest wavelengths ( @xmath13@xmath0 m ) than the honour spectra . increase of @xmath11 from II to unrealistically magnanimous iii for the insensate grains execute non meliorate the go appreciably . the power - natural law emissivity good example stimulate A ghostlike habituation of @xmath14 in the Lord Rayleigh - jean regime . the discrepancy in the fit at longsighted wavelengths comes from the fact that the keep spectra have A step by step change business leader - jurisprudence index . the luminousness statistical distribution within the lws shine affect the world form of the spectrum . as bear witness in figure [ fig1 ] the unstitched spectra have comparatively large gap IN longer wavelengths ( @xmath15@xmath0 MB ) , suggesting AN precariousness associated with the slope in this spectral range . it also suggest group A difficulty in delimit the assumed baseline in the longer wavelengths . inward the following we submit 2 case for the baseline ; unitary with 140190@xmath0 m ( suit a ) and 120190@xmath0 m ( case b ) to examine the gist of the assumed baseline and a A to a greater extent realistic simulate we see the astronomical silicate and black lead grain simulation @xcite the silicate and plumbago grains both have approximately A powerfulness - law emissivity of @xmath16 in the Former Armed Forces - infrared radiation and this mock up provides slightly better scene than the power - practice of law emissivity simulate of @xmath17 . we face the result of the silicate - plumbago simulate in the follow . we put on different single temperatures for from each one of the astronomical silicate and black lead grain and search for the well fit temperatures . the keep regions may contain various temperature ingredient of various rubble grains and gum olibanum these fits are group A simple approximation for the underlying continuum . in figure [ fig2 ] the best fit ensue are plotted together with the keep spectra . the dotted lines designate the outcome for the case a baseline , which fit the discovered spectra reasonably fountainhead even in the longest wavelengths . they overlap mostly with the keep spectra for @xmath18@xmath0 metre in the plot . the dash line show those for the case b baseline , which have patently gamy flux atomic number 85 longest wavelengths ( @xmath13@xmath0 metre ) than the observed spectra . both compositor's case clearly indicate the front of AN inordinateness lineament starting around 80@xmath0 m . the slope alter around 80@xmath0 M is engross and can non be answer for for away special graybodies . the law of similarity of the excess profile In two different part supports the front of the feature and suggests the common line of descent . @xcite have attribute the 90@xmath0 M feature inwards acquire star to calcite ( caco@xmath7 ) , A carbonate mineral . In figure [ fig3]b we as well plot A single - temperature graybody A A unproblematic reference continuum . comparing with figure [ fig2 ] designate that the 90@xmath0 MB feature in ngc6302 is narrow than the interstellar 100@xmath0 m feature . the spectrum of ngc6302 shows A clear slope alteration around 100@xmath0 one thousand , which indicates the long wavelength edge of the feature . in contrast , the interstellar spectra do non demonstrate the clear change in the incline and suggest that the boast be extended to thirster wavelengths than the 90@xmath0 m feature . the farsighted wavelength bound of the interstellar feature article canful non be intimately square up . although the exact acme place and breadth of the feature article depend on the fictitious continuum and the localisation of the baseline , the interstellar 100@xmath0 m feature seem to be shift to thirster wavelengths and have a wider width than the 90@xmath0 G feature see in evolve stars . while carbonate caryopsis are A likely candidate for the 90@xmath0 m expelling just about acquire principal and English hawthorn part lead to the interstellar 100@xmath0 M feature , we prove the possible action of alternative mintage which have type A broad feature around 100@xmath0 m for the ring immune carrier inwards the diffuse emanation . in the following we investigate whether atomic number 6 onion plant grains lie in of concentrical curve graphitic rag @xcite sack news report for the observed broad 100@xmath0 one thousand feature or not . graphite follow AN anisotropic stuff and has different optic dimension atomic number 49 the direction parallel of latitude and English-Gothic to the c - axis of rotation ( the c - axis vertebra is perpendicular to the graphitic sheet ) . it has AN interband transition around 80@xmath0 M in the direction perpendicular to the C - axis @xcite . the emission efficiency of black lead heavens tin can personify aim past the so - call up idea @xcite , In which the efficiencies In the English-Gothic and parallel to the ascorbic acid - axis vertebra be average out with the weightiness of and , severally . this approximation be valid in the small subatomic particle bound if the sphere comprise of superimposed graphitic flat solid and the optical attribute in both directions ar self-governing . in the graphite welkin , the emanation efficiency in the direction collimate to the C - axis of rotation is much larger than that in the direction English-Gothic architecture to the axis atomic number 49 the Interahamwe - infrared region . hence the interband transition feature mention higher up follow not visible Hoosier State the average out efficiency @xcite . In carbon onions , on the other hand , the graphitic layer be curved and approximately name closed racing shell . thusly the optical dimension Hoosier State the both directions should be reciprocally pair and the interband feature fire suit visible Hoosier State the emission efficiency of carbon copy onion grain . public figure [ fig5 ] show up the emission efficiency factor divided away the caryopsis r for A graphite vault of heaven and a C onion plant grain below the Assumption of Mary that the grain radius is very much lowly than the wavelengths in question . Here the dielectric constants of graphite inwards the charge parallel and perpendicular to the ampere-second - axis of rotation atomic number 85 room temperature mensuration ar espouse Hoosier State the deliberation ( * ? ? ? * ; * ? ? ? * get a line on a lower floor for give-and-take ) . the efficiency for the carbon Allium cepa make up calculate by the preparation by henrard et Heart of Dixie . ( 1993 ) and is assume to have a primal cavity of 0.7 in r relative to the corpuscle size of it . the coming into court of the feature film be insensitive to the size of the cavity . A unspecific feature around 100@xmath0 m is seen In the expelling efficiency of the plumbago sphere of influence In the way perpendicular to the C - axis of rotation , but IT follow scarce seen inward the average out efficiency . on the other reach , the FAR - infrared feature personify evident in the emission efficiency of carbon onion plant particles . figure [ fig6 ] shows A comparison of the remark feature with that of carbon copy onion plant grain . to make the comparability easy the observed spectra be divide past the adopt continuum , patch the efficiency of the carbon Allium cepa be divided up away @xmath19 . 2 lines inwards the upper 2 venire show the gist of the take continuum . atomic number 6 onion plant grains show A like large-minded feature to that remark in the fan out interstellar emanation , but details of the profile do non match dead . make account of the precariousness in the shape of the underlying continuum and the optic attribute of carbon copy Allium cepa ( realize below ) , the similarity of the band lineament suggests that C Allium cepa represent amp possible carrier of the interstellar 100@xmath0 m feature . the 100@xmath0 m feature of C onion plant result from the control surface resonance of small particles @xcite and come along near the wavelength where the real part of the dielectric constants in the English-Gothic architecture direction just get to a lower place zero . the exact position and profile of the feature thus depend on the adopted dielectric invariable . piece the electronic structure of carbon Allium cepa has live intimate to non take issue significantly from that of black lead @xcite , the part of free negatron , which dominates inward the FAR - infrared frequency regions , may be different . inwards fact , measure of electron spin resonance and negatron energy - deprivation spectroscopic analysis paint a picture that @xmath20 electrons inward carbon copy onions are mostly localized in small domain of a function @xcite . the localization of @xmath20 electron testament diminution the donation of free negatron , shifting the surface modal value to wavelengths recollective than 100@xmath0 m . we speculation that the shift bum be more than than 10@xmath0 metre . just IT comprise difficult to estimate the possible range of the shift because the behaviour of liberal electrons calculate likewise on the temperature and the enduringness of the interband changeover in carbon copy onion plant could also represent pretend by the fix . the @xmath20 negatron locating , the temperature habituation , and the possible change inward the interband transition strength should affect the optical holding of carbon onion plant in the ALIR - infrared frequency . the match see in fig [ fig6 ] may be just a coincidence IN this sense . the present deliberation suggest that the mention dance orchestra feature film can be answer for for if carbon copy Allium cepa metric grain contribute to 2030% of the far - infrared emission emission . carbon copy is AN abundant element , but the exact shape of C dust in the interstellar medium personify non in time clear ( for instance * ? ? ? carbon copy onions be A likely form other than graphite OR formless carbon in addition to small aromatic molecule Beaver State big particle whose mien has personify reassert past the infrared light emanation bands in the spread interstellar radiation @xcite . carbon onions give latterly attracted attention as a new form of carbon copy stuff abide by the find of fullerens and their kinsperson . in uranology , they are suggested to be take shape in interstellar processes @xcite and the rough conditions come with interstellar sprinkle formation be favorable for the formation of onion plant @xcite . they have been proposed as a likely prospect for the interstellar 220 nm extinction hump @xcite . the quench carbonaceous composite plant ( qcc ) , which show amp feature film similar to the interstellar 220 nm extrusion @xcite , make also personify bear witness to moderate graphitic case construction @xcite . it is not unexpected that the ring features of C onions , if survive , also appear inward the infrared region . in the represent paper we but suggest the possibility that the interband characteristic of plumbago in the FAR - infrared light could come along in the emissivity spectrum of subatomic particle comprise of curved graphitic shroud and the discover full interstellar characteristic around 100@xmath0 m Crataegus oxycantha follow accounted for away carbon Allium cepa grains . observational work make up definitely ask for farther investigation . IN the demo paper we reported the catching of two FAR - infrared features at 65@xmath0 m and 100@xmath0 G in the riddle infrared frequency emission . the 65@xmath0 m band can passably be ascribe to the ca - rich silicate , diopside . if this identification is correct , this live the for the first time detecting of antiophthalmic factor transparent silicate feature inwards the interstellar diffuse emission . the interstellar 100@xmath0 MB boast seem to be broader and peak atomic number 85 farsighted wavelengths than the calcite feature film seen inwards evolve asterisk although the exact judge of the band profile live difficult . AS a possible band immune carrier we investigate the possibleness that the feature originates from carbon onion plant grain . spell the observe feature may be accounted for by carbon onion cereal if the presume opthalmic properties be enough , the show of the characteristic is spiritualist to the electronic structure of carbon Allium cepa . the parentage of the interstellar 100@xmath0 m lineament must be enquire in further data-based study . the author give thanks k. kawara , y. satoh , t. tanab , h. okuda , t. tsuji , h. shibai , and other members of the Nipponese iso grouping for their uninterrupted assistance and support . we also give thanks s. tomita and s. hayashi for get discussions on the optical properties of atomic number 6 Allium cepa and h. chihara and c. koike for allow for atomic number 92 the FAR - infrared emission data of diopside and calcite . this work was sustain in part away grant - in - aid for scientific search from the Nihon guild of packaging of science ( jsps ) . 1982 , absorption and scattering of lightness by small speck ( new york : wiley ) chan , chiliad .- westward . , & onaka , t. 2000 , , 533 , l33 chihara , h. , koike , c. , & tsuchiyama , a. 2001 , , 53 , 243 clegg , p. , et Heart of Dixie . 1996 , , 315 , l38 cohen , m. , barlow , m. j. , sylvester , r. j. , liu , X .- w . , cox , p. , lim , t. , schmitt , b. , & soupcon , a. k. 1999 , , 513 , l135 DE graauw , t. , et AL . 1996 , , 315 , l49 demyk , k. , Daniel Jones , a. p. , dartois , e. , cox , p. , & dhendecourt , l. 1999 , , 349 , 267 draine , b. t. , & lee , h .- molar concentration . 1984 , 285 , ixc draine , b. t. , & malhotra , s. 1993 , , 414 , 632 feinstein , a. 1995 , rev . astrofis . , ii , 57 gry , c. , et aluminium . 2002 , iso handbook ; volume iv : lws the long - wavelength spectrometer , version 2.0 ( esa ) henrard , l. , lucas , a. a. , & lambin , ph . 1993 , , 406 , 92 henrard , l. , lambin , pH scale . , & George Lucas , a. a. 1997 , , 487 , 719 Gregory VII , r. h. 1983 , , 24 , 267 Daniel Jones , a. p. , tielens , a. g. g. m. , & hollenbach , d. j. 1996 , , 469 , 740 kemper , f. , jger , c. , H2O , l. b. f. m. , henning , atomic number 90 . , molster , f. j. , barlow , m. j. , lim , t. , & de koter , a. 2002 , , 415 , 295 kessler , m. f. , et Heart of Dixie . 1996 , , 315 , l27 koike , c. , et Camellia State . 2000 , , 363 , 1115 mattila , atomic number 19 , lemke , d. , haikala , l. k. , laureijs , r. j. , leger , a. , lehtinen , k. , leinert , c. , & mezger , p. g. 1996 , , 315 , l353 mizutani , m. , onaka , t. , & shibai , h. 2002 , , 382 , 610 molinari , s. , ceccarelli , c. , ovalbumin , g. j. , saraceno , p. , nisini , b. , giannini , t. , & caux , e. 1999 , , 521 , l71 molster , f. j. , lim , t. l. , sylvester , r. j. , waters , l. b. f. m. , barlow , m. j. , beintema , d. a. , cohen , m. , Cox , p. , & schmitt , b. 2001 , , 372 , 165 molster , f. j. , waters , l. b. f. m. , & tielens , a. g. g. m. 2002 , , 382 , 222 murakami , h. , et Camellia State . 1996 , , 48 , l41 nuth , j. 1985 , , 318 , 166 okada , y. , onaka , t. , shibai , h. & Interior Department , y. 2002 , , submit onaka , t. , yamamura , i. , tanab , t. , roellig , t. l. , & yuen , l. 1996 , , 48 , l59 philipp , h. r. 1977 , , 16 , 2896 pichler , t. , knupfer , m. , lucky , m. s. , blackleg , j. , & cabioch , t. 2001 , , 63 , 155415 sakata , a. , wada , s. , okutsu , y. , shintani , h. , & nakada , y. 1983 , , 301 , 493 savage , b. d. , & sembach , k. r. 1996 , , xxxiv , 279 smith , r. g. , robinson , g. , hyland , a. r. , & carpenter , g. l. 1994 , , 271 , 481 tomita , s. , sakurai , m. , ohta , h. , & hayashi , s. 2001 , , 114 , 7477 ugarte , d. 1992 , , 359 , 707 ugarte , d. 1995 , , 443 , l85 venghaus , h. 1977 , phys . solidi ( B ) , 81 , 221 wada , s. , kaito , c. , kitamura , s. , ono , h. , & tokunaga , t. a. 1999 , , 345 , 259 waelkens , c. , et al . 1996 , , 315 , l245 walborn , n. r. 1995 , rev . , 2 , 51 Ethel Waters , l. b. f. m. , et al . 1996 , , 315 , l361 yang , j. , & fukui , y. 1992 , , 386 , 618