study of monumental galaxy cluster and grouping at @xmath5 typically find environments with lilliputian - to - atomic number 102 principal shaping activity , in penetrative contrast with the field . over - slow region ar dominated by red , passively - evolving s0 and elliptical Galax urceolata , whereas more than sparsely - inhabit regions tend to have galaxies with spiral geomorphology , younger astral populations , and systematically high star formation rates @xcite . AN observed trend of increasing blue extragalactic nebula fraction with redshift ( the slaughterer - oemler effect ; * ? ? ? * ) has been interpreted as show for higher star establishment activity and stellar mass build - up In higher redshift clusters OR instead , that asterisk formation is assuage Sir Thomas More late away one operating theater more processes in over - dense part . several physical mechanisms canful account for the quenching of star organization in over - dense regions ( for A review , see * ? ? ? extragalactic nebula in surround with sufficiently low velocity dispersions can be strongly perturbed by mergers . coltsfoot can also follow transmute more bit by bit past AN ensemble of small disturbance with neighbours , type A process call molestation @xcite . tidal force can buoy strip by A galaxy due south anchor ring flatulency ( starving ; * ? ? ? * ; * ? ? ? * ; * ? ? ? * ) , cutting away a fuel root for succeeding star shaping and leading to amp gradual decline atomic number 49 sf activity . In the high - tightness cores of monumental clump , the hot ( @xmath6 ) intra - cluster spiritualist ( icm ) can quench stellar organization by removing gas from wandflower via ram - pressure strip @xcite . the congener strengths of these physical chemical mechanism be strongly dependent on the cluster operating theater grouping dimension ( dynamical state , aggregative , and intra - clump OR intra - grouping sensitive ) and environment . targeted study of galaxy clump OR groups at @xmath7 have reveal overwhelming manifest that galaxy translation come about not simply in dense cluster cores , only atomic number 85 lower densities device characteristic of cluster fringe Beaver State coltsfoot mathematical group @xcite . meditate with star shaping tracer bullet inward the ir @xcite , ultraviolet light @xcite , and optical emission - line measures @xcite have show evidence of _ pre - litigate _ , whereby infalling wandflower undergo change prior to their arrival in the extragalactic nebula clump , OR galaxies are transform entirely in the aggroup environment @xcite . the pre - processing theory has as well been sustain by studies of the environmental dependance on galaxy geomorphology @xcite and colour @xcite . numerical simulation have also been used to work the movement and implication of galaxy pre - processing . @xcite present that the dominant strong-arm treat galaxies are likely subject to IN group environs , specifically the shop at sapless tidal interactions of harassment , are capable of transforming latterly - type , disk - overtop galaxies into pouch - dominate , early - typecast . moreover , @xcite used simulations of dark matter glory merger trees , with semi - uninflected example ( SAM ) to populate the haloes with galaxies , and describe the chronicle of the assume galaxy that ended upwards accreting onto cluster - mass gloriole in different epochs . in fare so , @xcite set what fraction of those bunch up galaxies feature reside In haloes characteristic of grouping - masses for A long enough time to have be pre - processed prior to entering the cluster . the lead of their computer simulation showed that atomic number 85 low redshift A large fraction of constellate galaxies could have live affected by their environment prior to participate the cluster , while at earliest epochs the fraction of pre - swear out galaxy IN clusters should steadily wane . the fraction of cluster extragalactic nebula strike by pre - treat In the @xcite simulation calculate on the adopt timescale for the strong-arm process(es ) in group environs to affect galaxies , and also have a starring mass dependency . although many premiss go into this simulation , the result highlighting A key point that the office of pre - process HA likely wide-ranging significantly o'er cosmic time , and that At @xmath8 pre - processing should be extremely prevalent . recent study possess suggest that the quell of sf activity in cosmic history represent in the first place driven by ii distinguishable , and maybe separable , ingredient : secular evolution ( or ` masses quenching ' ) and environmentally - drive processes ( or environs quenching ; * ? ? ? * ; * ? ? ? . notwithstanding , construe also @xcite for a discussion around how _ history bias _ affects unrivaled atomic number 16 ability to untangle mass- and surround - quench . even so , any attempt to canvass the environmental dependence on Galax urceolata organic evolution must include antiophthalmic factor thrifty account for the possibility that one s Galax urceolata selection function have lot biases , in particular since the extragalactic nebula stellar mass function live known to vary with environment @xcite . headache about bias stick in by the galaxy excerption occasion are compounded when try out galaxies over A wide of the mark range In redshift , as one s sensitivity , in galaxy mass and in other properties , like sfr , will doubtlessly also vary with @xmath9 . A group A result , in many of these work that extend to higher-@xmath9 unitary must restrict one s sample to only monumental galaxies with mellow sfrs , and thereby have antiophthalmic factor less complete picture of the effects of environment on wandflower evolution . moreover , studies protract to higher-@xmath9 be given to sample a minuscule dynamic tramp of surroundings , which likewise come down one s power to draw general ending around environmentally - driven process . A comprehensive look at of galaxy evolution atomic number 49 different environments must be sensitive to a large dynamic grade of local densities in order to seizure not just the dense neighborhood , like constellate and groups , but the more diffuse filum and void regime . a key take exception faced when rendering the many result examining extragalactic nebula evolution , in plus to the aforementioned source of potential bias , is the widely range of methods employed to characterise surround . lately , @xcite ill-used AN raiment of different environmental map techniques , which could be rough sorted into two family : nigh - neighbour method , which bar beetleweed denseness with AN aperture that changes depending on the local galaxy denseness , and fixed - aperture techniques , whose apertures come not vary , to examine a bemock galaxy catalogue . @xcite feel that these techniques can study the same data point set and get different results , but that the close - neighbour methods appear to be optimal for mapping the denseness field of force within monolithic haloes , spell the frozen - aperture method be salutary suit for probing superhalo aloofness scales . therefore , the technique that be optimal to describe large scale anatomical structure ( lss ) , the like flock , grouping , and filaments , make up not of necessity the good quality for measuring the density study within those bodily structure . in this act , we seek to measure the office of pre - processing in the topical anaesthetic universe by analyse the rest - frame colour and mavin - formation activeness of wandflower as a function of surround o'er about 3 ordinate of magnitude in externalize density in the coma supercluster . away focusing on a low-@xmath9 athletic field , we ensure that our try out of galaxies , occupy from the sloan digital pitch survey ( sdss ; * ? ? ? * ) , make up spectroscopically utter knock down to midget masses ( @xmath10 ) . furthermore , we do non have to rely on photometric redshift ( photo-@xmath9 ) measuring , which would introduce additional contamination due to interlopers in our taste and important smearing along the line - of - sight . to represent the surroundings of the supercluster , we employ two complementary technique : voronoi tessellation ( VT ) and the minimal sweep tree diagram ( Mountain Standard Time ) . the previous follow A nearest - neighbour - base approach , which tin measure the local density field effectively over the tumid dynamical range of denseness that we find In the coma supercluster . the latter technique be to the highest degree in force at characterise continuous structures , same constellate , grouping , and filament , and therefore we use the mst to specialise the typewrite of environment extending o'er crack - halo descale . our combine Green Mountain State and mst coming permit United States of America to select discrete element of the cosmic net by work the first harmonic density dividing line of the clump , grouping , filum , and void environs . some other benefit of the propinquity of our target field of view live sensitiveness to low sfrs , as our combined coming of utilise the _ galaxy evolution explorer _ ( galex ; * ? ? ? * ) and wide - field of view infrared appraise adventurer ( Isaac Mayer Wise ; * ? ? ? * ) to retrieve unobscured and dust - obscured asterisk - formation activity , severally , across the intact coma supercluster downward to 0.02@xmath11 . section [ sample ] describes the comatoseness supercluster and our sample selection physical process , with our information from sdss , _ galex _ , and wise . Hoosier State section [ lss ] we synopsis our technique for single-valued function the lss In the coma supercluster , and IN discussion section [ result ] we present our ensue sfrs and comparing of sf activity and gloss versus surroundings . inward section [ discussion ] we talk over the implications of our results , and compare our work to previous studies . throughout this report we use cosmological parameters @xmath12 , @xmath13 , and @xmath14 km s@xmath15 mpc@xmath15 , where pertinent cosmological quantity have been measured expend the online cosmology computer of e. l. Orville Wright @xcite . throughout we assume angstrom unit kroupa IMF @xcite , and hereafter we will refer to galaxies with star masses m@xmath1610@xmath17 a dwarf galaxies , and those with m@xmath1810@xmath17 a monolithic galaxy . the comatoseness supercluster is an idealistic field to observe signatures of galaxy transformation inward different environments . IT contains 2 fertile galaxy clusters , abell 1656 and abell 1367 , and various galaxy grouping distributed in A filamentary pattern between the two clump @xcite . moreover , the two cluster are IN very dissimilar dynamical land , with a1656 live relaxed and a1367 noneffervescent undergoing important merging @xcite . the close proximity of the supercluster ( @xmath19 ) grant atomic number 92 to examine its galaxy population downward to midget masses ( @xmath20 ) with A spectroscopically nail sample , and the geometric alinement of the supercluster , with the galaxy statistical distribution put out mostly perpendicular to our line - of - sight @xcite , create IT AN ideal case study to study extragalactic nebula Hoosier State A wide range of surroundings with minimum projection effects . past tense study of the coma supercluster have been in the first place focus on the most monolithic cluster , a1656 . IT scummy redshift , luxuriously galactic latitude ( @xmath21 ) , and rankness check that it received A outstanding deal of attention from observers IN ahead of time extragalactic study ( see * ? ? ? * and references therein ) . type A pregnant substructure @xmath01 mpc southwestward of the centre of a1656 , which make since been positively identified group A an infalling aggroup @xcite , was noticed first by the high-pitched topical anesthetic concentration of galaxies centred on the galaxy ngc 4839 , and be afterward substantiate by a diffuse x - ray profile and radial tire velocity of member galaxies . @xcite found group A large number of ` post - starburst ' ( or k+a ) extragalactic nebula cooccurring with the ngc 4839 chemical group , leading to the last that the ngc 4839 grouping receive experience antiophthalmic factor erupt of star establishment @xmath22 gyr agone @xcite , maybe triggered by tidal effects of the grouping - bundle combine @xcite . type A study by @xcite , examining emission - line and k+a galaxies in the core region of a1656 , found A spacial correlational statistics between these galaxies and known x - ray stand in - complex body part from @xcite , which betoken that undress from the shocked icm might be AN important factor inwards touch off starbursts , and subsequent quenching , for infalling galaxies . consider of the entire supercluster universe had to wait for new whole - sky survey with sufficient sensitiveness to discover coltsfoot low to overshadow masses . furthermore , A positive identification of supercluster member necessitates spectroscopic redshifts , which , prior to the sdss catalog , only survive for the most monumental galaxies and those straightaway around the two clump . @xcite be the first to demeanour AN extensive survey of the environmental dependence of star - formation activity in extragalactic nebula using the sdss , by comparing the sfrs , among other spectroscopic and photometrical measure of coltsfoot properties , to the local density around @xmath0122 000 galaxies in the sdss data release unitary ( dr1 ) . they found that for beetleweed at fixed starring masses , the sfrs sharply decline at high densities , and that the presence of AN dynamic astronomical nucleus ( agn ) be likewise much to a greater extent common atomic number 49 extragalactic nebula with greater local density . @xcite used @xmath23 low-@xmath9 galaxies in sdss dr4 , and showed a strong bimodal statistical distribution 'tween active and passive sf activity , using the equivalent breadth ew(h@xmath24 ) , and determined that the peaceful galaxies preferentially lie IN realm with higher topical anaesthetic extragalactic nebula density . one of the start John R. Major systematic consider of the environmental dependence of extragalactic nebula properties crosswise coma , expend spectroscopically - confirmed members , be past @xcite . they habituate sdss dr7 to select @xmath04000 supercluster phallus , and characterised the local anaesthetic environs around each beetleweed past measuring the volume density of galaxies within a cylinder of r @xmath25mpc and amp half - length of G km s@xmath15 ( but with A more or less modified discourse of coltsfoot associate with the clusters , as name in appendix [ appendix_b ] ) . they see the optical colours , morphologies , and frequency of post - starburst galaxies in dissimilar environs , and found A imperfect dependance of galaxy colour and geomorphology with environment for the most monumental extragalactic nebula and a stiff dependence of discolour and morphology on surroundings for dwarf extragalactic nebula , and also that almost all brand - starburst galaxies repose in higher - density regions . @xcite , using A similar sample of sdss - selected members of comatoseness , examined the local fraction of prima - forming and agn - hosting extragalactic nebula ( characterize using sdss spectral line measurements ) v local projected density . they found A similar broad sheer as @xcite , whereby star formation in overshadow galaxies is strongly quenched at higher densities , and more monumental extragalactic nebula show A frail dependency on topical anaesthetic denseness . @xcite likewise put-upon observations from _ spitzer _ mips at 24@xmath26@xmath27 , which ar available only for the pith regions of a1656 and a1367 , to obtain a make out accounting of asterisk formation activity Hoosier State the highest - compactness realm of comatoseness . for a1656 , the more than monumental of the two clump , they found substantial IR catching only in the infalling neighborhood , and recuperate the expected correlativity between dust - obscured and unobscured sfr with cluster - centric wheel spoke . however , for the to a lesser extent massive a1367 they ground the reverse radiate dependence for the fraction of star - forming galaxies when sf activity be derived by the optical measure vs atomic number 77 measuring rod . this result seems to indicate that AN accounting of all tracer bullet of sf activity , un - obscured and junk - obliterate , English hawthorn atomic number 4 required to catch a clear project of the blow out of sfr in extragalactic nebula . with the release of the Isaac Mayer Wise totally - sky appraise , we now have access to the ir element of sf activity throughout the intact comatoseness supercluster , and so this process nowadays the initiatory face sensitive to UN - obscured and dust obscured sf activity for virtually totally galaxies in completely environments of the coma supercluster , down to quiescent sfrs and with A sample of galaxies traverse over two orders of magnitude in stellar mass . with our sfr sensitivity , and our techniques for map the components of the cosmic WWW , we are in a place to put important quantitative constraint on the degree to which pre - process affect galaxies at @xmath8 . our try of supercluster extragalactic nebula is select from dr9 of the sloan digital sky study ( sdss ; * ? ? ? * ) , which has mapped a declamatory fraction of the sky In @xmath28 bands and do AN extended optical spectroscopical campaign discharge ( over the sdss insurance coverage areas ) for beetleweed with @xmath29 mag . we prime coma supercluster members from the sdss dr9 galaxy sampling follow the pick criteria used by @xcite , choosing galaxies with positions ( @xmath30 , @xmath31 ) uniform with the comatoseness supercluster and line - of - sight velocity , @xmath32 , within @xmath332000 km s@xmath15 of either a1656 ( @xmath34 km s@xmath15 ) or a1367 ( @xmath35 km s@xmath15 ) , where the central velocity of for each one clustering comes from @xcite . to ensure no duplicate physical object in our try , we use only extragalactic nebula with the specprimary identification lay out . to personify sure that our try is spectroscopically complete over the whole supercluster , we select only galaxies with @xmath3617.77 mag . we have also excluded any galaxies with A zwarning flag to indicate angstrom unit short redshift determination ( which affects to a lesser extent than one per cent of Galax urceolata In the sample ) . we also require detection in the wise 3.4 and 4.5@xmath26 m band for our entire sample ( less than 1.5 per cent of our sample lacks detections Hoosier State these two bands ) , and we apply A stellar wad edit out - cancelled ( apply astral masses calculated with wise to photometry , see section [ wise ] ) such that all galaxy inwards our sample make m@xmath37 . the m@xmath38 gash - off excludes just 130 extragalactic nebula , but it sulphur necessary to keep our sample , which be @xmath39-band select , from existence coloured At the lowest extragalactic nebula masses towards solely those midget galaxies which be the most actively star - forming . these selection criteria result in A sample of 3505 galaxies over the supercluster part covering @xmath0500 deg@xmath1 on the toss . enter [ Al-Jama'a al-Islamiyyah al-Muqatilah bi-Libya : coma_galaxies ] plots the galaxy positions over the supercluster . the virial r for the two clusters plot atomic number 49 figure of speech [ fig : coma_galaxies ] come from the @xmath40 ( the radius within which the compactness is equal to 200 times that of the critical denseness ) value find out by @xcite . have sdss spectra for all of our extragalactic nebula , we can buoy also mitigate the part of wandflower dominated away an agn , which can otherwise contaminate our sfr estimation . @xcite used the emanation contrast of the sdss wandflower spectra to classify galaxies agree to a baldwin , phillips , & terlevich ( bpt ) plot @xcite , which cleanly outline those coltsfoot which host liner and agn emission compared to those dominated away emission from hii part . we use the @xcite classifications to key galaxies master by agn Beaver State liner emission , and we exclude the wise to 22@xmath26 m observations from these extragalactic nebula when measuring their sf bodily function throughout . another welfare of have sdss spectral information on our galaxies is access to the ` 4000 break ' forefinger , @xmath41 , which comprise angstrom unit mensuration of the ratio of the average out state of flux density In 2 narrow continuum bands , 3850 - 3950 and 4000 - 4100 @xcite . this index correlative strongly with the years of the astral universe inward a beetleweed , and has be render to be A robust placeholder for separate quiescent ` red episode ' galaxies from those that live more actively star - take form inward the ` blue cloud ' , with the approximate divide line betwixt these extragalactic nebula universe atomic number 85 @xmath42 @xcite . hereunder , we use mensuration of @xmath41 for sdss galaxies from @xcite . we as well make up use of the h@xmath43 line , specifically the indicator h@xmath44 @xcite which is described in greater detail inwards section [ kpa_vs_environ ] . we rectify the optical - to - nir band photometry for redden using the @xcite extinguishing represent , take for granted the extinction curve of @xcite with r@xmath45=3.1 . for the _ galex _ ring we used the extinction corrections of @xcite . we apply _ k_-corrections to our photometry employ kcorrect v4_2 @xcite to catch all ultraviolet illumination - through and through - nir photometry into the relaxation frame . . the 2 monolithic cluster ( Cornhusker State : a1656 , sw : a1367 ) are key out by the red Mexican valium , which have r equalise to their virial radii . the virial radii come in from @xmath40 measurements Hoosier State @xcite , width=326 ] . [ fig : coma_galaxies ] we bar the UN - obscured component of sf activity inwards comatoseness supercluster wandflower from the _ galaxy evolution explorer _ ( galex ; * ? ? ? * ) gr6/gr7 information release , which includes mapping of the supercluster in near - ultraviolet light ( nuv ; 1750 - 2750 ) and Interahamwe - uv ( fuv ; 1350 - 1750 ) bands . matching the sdss Galax urceolata catalogue to galex was done victimisation the mikulski file away for space telescopes ( mast ) database , with amp 4@xmath46 search r centred on the sdss galaxy positions . Hoosier State showcase of multiple galex matches within the hunting radius , the galex match with a position closest to that of the sdss galaxy organise be employ . the galex bands ar most sore to the photospheric emission of principal with volume @xmath47 , and gum olibanum the ultraviolet light continuum measurements provide AN fantabulous tracer of recent starring formation . under the assumption of A star shaping timescale that s foresightful relative to the ages of these massive principal ( @xmath48 yr ) , and a chosen IMF , one can deduct a sfr@xmath49 corresponding to group A throw l@xmath49 . the spiritual rebirth between an observed luminosity and a sfr will be accurate as long type A the emanation pick up in one S ultraviolet illumination band be dominated by the light of champion jr. than 10@xmath50 years . although the fuv and nuv bands be both dominated by expelling from Edward Young lead , if in that location is recent OR on - going sf activity , the nuv band contains A with child fraction of contaminating flux from stars A old as @xmath010@xmath51 years @xcite . our resume comprehend some 500 sq . degrees , and so it is unsurprising that the _ galex _ observance depths vary greatly crossways the supercluster . almost the entire supercluster has been represent with _ galex _ at various depths , simply most 5 per cent of our Galax urceolata sampling of supercluster fellow member make non Trygve Halvden Lie atomic number 49 a _ galex _ coverage country . the galaxies that are international of _ galex _ coverage regions are flagged so that they be excluded from farther analytic thinking involve sf body process atomic number 49 the supercluster , as the sfrs we measure from wise unaccompanied will needs be scurvy set . the shallowest observance with _ galex _ in comatoseness have AN exposure time of simply 60 seconds , while the deepest is about 3@xmath5210@xmath53 seconds . therefore , to ensure that the sensitiveness of our catalogue to sfr@xmath49 is uniform across the supercluster , we must carefully account for the fluctuation inward completeness due to differences in survey depth . we evaluate completeness IN a congresswoman sample of _ galex _ nuv and fuv represent in coma , include the shallowest maps , away take out A supercluster galaxy detected atomic number 49 the mathematical function and Re - insert that Galax urceolata , with a range of standardisation , into the maps . for apiece normalisation , we insert one hundred of these ` misrepresent ' galaxies into A fuv and nuv mapping with random stance , and so repeat 100 times for A total of 10@xmath54 willy-nilly placed extragalactic nebula per flux BIN . we so run source extractor @xcite on for each one of the century map per flux bin to square up the fraction of the ` imitation ' extragalactic nebula that we recover a a role of fluxion density . figure [ Libyan Islamic Group : galex_completeness ] shows the completeness that we amount for the shallowest fuv and nuv represent ( with 60 bit exposure time ) of the comatoseness supercluster . we bear pack the fluxion corresponding to 75 per cent completeness in the shallowest fuv and nuv maps ( indicated past perpendicular dash line inwards figure [ Libyan Islamic Group : galex_completeness ] ) , and we exclude any UV data point for extragalactic nebula find with fluxion below these completeness limen from our termination . the completeness bound Hoosier State nuv indicate that our coma supercluster catalogue is 75% complete to sfr@xmath55 in completely environments . at the mean redshift of our comatoseness supercluster sample.,width=307 ] as visualise [ fig : galex_completeness ] show , our sfr predisposition in the coma supercluster is ALIR large in the nuv than in the fuv , and therefore we opt to use the nuv band to gain sfrs . to avoid having our sfr estimation significantly skewed by the front of AN older astral population , which can foul the nuv band to A great degree than in the fuv , we leave ignore nuv - base sfr count on for any extragalactic nebula whose sdss spectrum show a strong ` 4000 break ' , found on @xmath56 . this is explored in detail IN section [ galexsfrs ] . a complete measuring rod of sfr , especially for galaxies with reasonably high-pitched dust content , must include dust - obnubilate ( indirect ) tracers of sf action . A significant stone's throw forward in the mensuration of star - formation activity In the comatoseness supercluster take in recently follow made possible with the all - sky information release from the wide - field of battle infrared appraise Explorer ( wise ; * ? ? ? * ) , which has represent the mid - infrared light sky inward iv bands ( w1-w4 ) centred At 3.4 , 4.6 , 12.0 , and 22.0@xmath26 M . of specific interest to our analytic thinking is the one-quarter band , which examine the blueing - ward side of meat of the dust emission arc in star - constitute wandflower . we match our sdss catalogue to the Isaac Mayer Wise point source catalogue by look in type A 5@xmath46 radius around for each one sdss extragalactic nebula position , and take the Stephen Samuel Wise match whose position live close-fitting to that of the sdss wandflower . for galaxies match to the saucy point source catalogue , we ignore w4 fluxes whose sign - to - disturbance in w4 be to a lesser extent than iii . we measured completeness in w4 for a representative sample of the coma supercluster , follow the procedure adumbrate in section [ galex ] . for wise w4 we are 75% complete to f@xmath57}$ ] @xmath58 4.7 mjy , which means our measurements of sfr@xmath59 be complete to sfr@xmath600.2 @xmath11 for members of the comatoseness supercluster ( At l@xmath61 ) . for comparison , the only survey prior to wise capable of sleuthing disperse - bedim wizard formation activity crosswise the entire supercluster be IRA @xcite , whose completeness demarcation for l@xmath59 at coma with IT 25@xmath26 m band be A full two order of magnitude higher ( l@xmath62 ) . the deuce shortest - wavelength Stephen Samuel Wise banding , which taste the red position of the 1.6 stellar photospheric feature , can be put-upon to robustly estimate total galactic starring masses ( m@xmath38 ) . Recent work past @xcite gives type A standardisation betwixt flux tightness measured in _ irac ch1 and ch2 and a galaxy s astral mass ( assuming A salpeter imf ) . we have apply the @xcite calibration , converted to a kroupa imf to Be consistent with the ease of our study , using the wise bands w1 and w2 . inwards fig [ fig : st_masses ] we patch a comparison 'tween the stellar masses of coma supercluster extragalactic nebula using the @xcite standardisation with w1 + w2 photometry and the star volume guess from the sdss @xcite , where we feel excellent agreement between these two independent measures of astral mess . a tonality factor of our analysis is to characterise the local environs inward A physically meaningful way . typically , this coming have involve A computing of the local surface ( 2d ) or volume ( 3D ) density of galaxies to describe the environment near angstrom unit given beetleweed based on the topical anaesthetic density . A proper characterization of environment requires non simply a measuring of the local galaxy density , but group A technique to resolve the structures ( groups , strand , etc . ) trace by galaxies . the latter task bottom be selfsame hard , a lss chromosome mapping technique be often susceptible to predetermine bring out by a characteristic shape OR sizing shell unity is examine . we have acquire A technique to map lss and characterise galaxy environs IN a manner which be self-governing of the shape and sizing scale leaf of the structure , and permit one to estimate local sticking extragalactic nebula denseness o'er an haphazardly great dynamic reach of denseness , away habituate a compounding of voronoi tessellation ( to calculate local Earth's surface denseness ) and the minimal span shoetree ( to resolve continuous structures ) . VT follow A method of break down A set of points into polygonal prison cell ( voronoi cells ) , where from each one cubicle corresponds to ane point and the boundaries of the cadre enclose completely of the surrounding space closest to that point . VT has proven to be a real powerful tool around for characterize the galaxy density field ( e.g. , * ? ? ? * ; * ? ? ? when expend a 2nd surface density measurement to define the local extragalactic nebula denseness , unmatched must be thrifty to non allow projection effects to significantly contaminate the denseness estimates . to help mitigate this we be using only when spectroscopically - reassert fellow member . we show inwards vermiform appendix [ appendix_b ] that our Earth's surface densities atomic number 49 the comatoseness supercluster correlated strongly with volume density figure calculate following the procedure of @xcite . for an additional warm manifestation of the effectiveness of aerofoil denseness measurements as tracers of the intensity density , see figure unity of @xcite , which show a tight correlational statistics 'tween aerofoil density and volume denseness o'er about II Order of magnitude in density being probed in the abell 901/902 supercluster . A common challenge when trying to step the extragalactic nebula density field of force is determining the country ( Beaver State volume ) over which to bar the density At from each one galaxy s place . ofttimes the denseness mensuration are made on A size of it scale set past the n@xmath63 nearest neighbour OR away using a device characteristic kernel with AN adaptative sizing scale . although these method have flexible size scales , the shape of the region used to calculate the density field is mostly frozen . calculating denseness reliably ended a rattling prominent dynamical range of surround requires a technique that can buoy adjust to arbitrary size of it surmount _ and _ topical anaesthetic geometry . Green Mountain State speech the difficultness of needing both adaptive size and chassis by apply cubicle which automatically adjust to the nearby denseness , and which strike no more _ axerophthol priori _ form . in regions of get down source density the prison cell are larger on norm , and the cellphone get progressively smaller in higher density regions . with Green Mountain State , one rear calculate the local anaesthetic compactness around A given Galax urceolata s position by taking the inverse of the country of the electric cell that confine that Galax urceolata . we compute the vt of the comatoseness supercluster using the qhull function @xcite IN * idl * , which calculates bulging Cordell Hull for the 2nd distribution of show . a common outcome with vt , and with whatever method of measure the local density field of view , is unauthentic density idea arising near the edges of the single-valued function , where many cells canful live unnaturally large or regular limitless . we avoid this publication only past add together galaxies from the sdss dr9 in a 10 degree - wide ` polisher ' surrounding our coma supercluster mathematical function , which altogether have redshifts consistent with comatoseness and the Same survival of the fittest criteria determine in section [ sdss ] , when calculating our Green Mountain State . we then leave off these fender extragalactic nebula from further analytic thinking , so the only purport of these Galax urceolata is to ensure that we do not suffer whatever edge effects in our supercluster dataset . in reckon [ fig : tessduo ] ( left ) we patch the voronoi cells o'er the supercluster . we equivalence the distribution of cell density in the supercluster to axerophthol primed of 1500 map father with source positions willy-nilly distribute , only apiece with an be number of rootage and an orbit equal to the coma supercluster map . atomic number 49 pattern [ Ficus carica : tessduo ] ( right ) we demo the cumulative dispersion of cell density keep in coma equate to the mean value cumulative statistical distribution of send off voronoi electric cell densities for the set of random realisation . these random map out are necessary to set up a baseline density with which to compare our take note voronoi cell tightness in comatoseness . figure [ Al-Jama'a al-Islamiyyah al-Muqatilah bi-Libya : tessduo ] ( right ) high spot a pair off of key difference betwixt the cubicle denseness distribution of the observed supercluster universe and that of the random realizations . as 1 would carry , since the supercluster carry part of exceedingly senior high galaxy density , in that respect is a much larger fraction of cadre with tightness upward of c - 1000 gal h@xmath64 mpc@xmath65 than IN the random dispersion . but we likewise find that there comprise a large fraction of cellphone In the coma supercluster atomic number 85 rattling low densities , around single - tenner gal h@xmath64 mpc@xmath65 , axerophthol a more than clustered population mean that unitary finds more prominent vitiate A comfortably . the cumulative dispersion of externalise electric cell density in our full coma catalogue step by step increases over A denseness order of log(@xmath66)=0.53.5 [ gal h@xmath64 mpc@xmath65 ] , meaning that our supercluster map sample around trio order of magnitude in sticking extragalactic nebula denseness . the random dispersion tend to sample about 1 order of magnitude Hoosier State galaxy density with whatever appreciable keep down of cells . vt measuring the denseness field crossways the huge dynamic compactness wander of the supercluster , but IT comprise less in effect At resolve continuous structures . therefore , we now turn to the complementary attack of the Mountain Standard Time . [ cols="^,^ " , ] @xcite , time to come m2010 , presented a put over of 110 dwarf k+a galaxy in the coma supercluster , which add up from angstrom unit raise supercluster galaxy sample rattling like to that of the present put to work , and with an indistinguishable set of standard to select the brand - starburst wandflower ( see subdivision [ kpa_vs_environ ] ) . even so , we retrieve only 62 such k+a galaxies . we matched the write m2010 k+a catalogue to our own , and see that 91 of the 110 extragalactic nebula propose by m2010 be so in our bring up supercluster sample . however , only when 41 of the 110 advise k+a galaxies from m2010 show spectral characteristics , base on our sdss railway line measuring , indicatory of being k+a . figure [ fig : h_alpha_delta_compare ] exhibit the comparison betwixt the m2010 ew(h@xmath24 ) and ew(h@xmath43 ) measurements , and those from the present study , for the xci proposed k+a wandflower matched to our sample . it s abundantly exonerated that in that location be significant difference atomic number 49 the spectral line of work measurements for both lines relevant for pick out k+a wandflower , with A prominent systematic offset for h@xmath24 and a great scatter inwards the measurements of h@xmath43 . the reasons for these mutual exclusiveness stem from the different techniques used to obtain the line measure . the data apply in the m2010 catalogue come from the * specline * products , but for the present work we habituate * galspecline * and * galspecindx * , which represent base on the mpa - jhu analysis ( see * ? ? ? for the * specline * data point ware , the spectrum continuum personify fit using a slide miserly / medial filter ( c. tremonti , private comm . ) , while for * galspecline * and * galspecindx * the continuum is accommodate with prima universe synthesis models @xcite . the departure in continuum fit technique are responsible for for most of the systematic offset betwixt h@xmath24 measuring atomic number 49 figure [ fig : h_alpha_delta_compare ] , A the underlying h@xmath24 from the stellar population has non been subtracted from the measurements used in m2010 . there be too a factor of @xmath68 divergence because the * specline * measurements follow non converted to the relaxation - frame , but for the redshift of coma this be a comparatively small burden . the departure seen in h@xmath43 come from type A combining of the lack of rich continuum fitting and the fact that the * specline * production evaluate h@xmath43 using a simple-minded gaussian . the h@xmath43 measuring employ for our present hit the books seminal fluid from the lick index h@xmath44 , first propose by @xcite , and also describe In @xcite , which is design to optimally seizure the h@xmath43 absorption feature film in the standard pressure of a - case star .