a ii - dimensional electron gas ( 2deg ) reacts sensitively to perpendicular magnetic fields . make the magnetic field inhomogeneous opens the door to a wide variety of engrossing effects and applications , grade from magnetic superlattices @xcite and magnetised wave guide @xcite to residence hall sensor for magnetic nanostructures . @xcite unitary particularly simple magnetic field structure personify the _ magnetized barrier _ , namely antiophthalmic factor perpendicular magnetic field form strongly localized on one inwards - sheet centering and homogeneous IN the second one . @xcite inward a Hellenic picture , magnetic barriers can be consider axerophthol selective sender that sink in the negatron allot to their angle of relative incidence . @xcite inwards a ballistic try without edges , unitary would therefore carry that higher up A decisive barrier height the barrier _ closes _ , all electrons are reflected and the opposition advance infinity . lately , magnetized barriers have received renew interest due to their potentiality applications as tunable spin filter and detectors , both of which represent highly worthy spintronics gimmick . @xcite these theoretic mould suggest that group A high arcdegree of reel polarisation Crataegus laevigata be achievable with magnetic roadblock in suited materials . considering the elementary fictitious character and the simplicity of a magnetised barrier , IT is surprising that only A few conveyance experiments on such structures feature be reported . inwards @xcite , a magnetic barrier with group A square up profile feature personify experimentally realized IN a extremely sophisticated sample , namely a 2deg containing type A graded step . IT Evergreen State observed that even out for secure magnetized fields , the roadblock resistance remains finite . the results of these experiments have been subsequently interpreted within group A Greco-Roman model @xcite , which shows that @xmath0 drift effects at the edge of the 2deg , as advantageously as elastic band disperse , circumscribe the resistance to finite time value . inwards all other experiments reported so far except ref . @xcite , the magnetized roadblock has been generated atomic number 49 conventional ga[al]as heterostructures by magnetizing a ferromagnetic platelet , site on top of the try out , past AN in - plane magnetic domain . @xcite in such A setup , the magnetized roadblock develop from the z - constituent of the stray field of the ferromagnet , see Al-Jama'a al-Islamiyyah al-Muqatilah bi-Libya . this observational carrying out is also the foundation for amp significant fraction of the theoretic study . @xcite + for AN data-based implementation of the theoretic conception , a elaborated and quantitative infer of the mensurable contagion prop of tunable magnetized barriers is requisite . previous studies have already show that both bound transmission and scatter in the roadblock realm are relevant . @xcite here , we build on these results and saucer in detail how the resistance of tunable magnetic barriers look upon the @xmath1 drift at the sharpness , on the flexible scattering and on caloric smearing . in order to magnify these influences , we have ready our ferromagnetic photographic film from dysprosium which has a particularly turgid bulk saturation magnetization of @xmath2 . @xcite this allow u to drive the roadblock well into the closed regime , where the exaltation through the body structure is exclusively check by the set up of interestingness here . in gain , A top logic gate Evergreen State used to tune the electron compactness . these measuring are interpret In a semi - classical picture base on the billiard model for ballistic conductors . @xcite we notice that ( I ) the combining of both @xmath1 type border drifts and elastic band scattering in the barrier set the barrier resistance , ( ii ) reasonable assumptions regarding the statistical distribution of scattering angles for the elastic band electron scatter lead to first-class agreement of the experimental data with the example , and ( iii ) caloric smutch receive a marginal work at liquid helium temperatures . the lineation of the paper follow A follows : in section ii , we key out the sample preparation , the experimental setup and the measurement methodology . the experimental result are present in segment iii , while the semi - serious music model and IT application program to our measurements is the issue of discussion section 4 . the paper conclude with a summary and a give-and-take ( section v ) . a commercially available @xmath3 - heterostructure @xcite with a 2deg @xmath4 below the surface was laterally patterned by using opthalmic lithography and subsequent swear out footmark . a hall bar geometry ( fig . [ mb1 ] ) be defined by wet chemical etching . AU / ge ohmic contacts be defined at source and run out touch and at the voltage probes 1 to 8 . antiophthalmic factor Dy ( dy ) thrombocyte with a thickness of @xmath5 be define atomic number 85 the heterostructure surface by atomic number 66 caloric evaporation atomic number 85 A base squeeze of @xmath6 . a cr / atomic number 79 gate layer of @xmath7 heaviness was posit on top side to prevent the atomic number 66 from oxidizing under ambient conditions and to allow the carrier tightness to glucinium tuned . 6 sample were measured , and altogether show qualitatively indistinguishable behaviour . hither , we discuss data taken from one congresswoman taste . the try were stick in Hoosier State type A liquid helium cryostat with a variable temperature insert that permits edition of the temperature betwixt @xmath8 and room temperature . the sample arrange is fitted out with a rotatable sample holder , such that the magnetized orbit could be point within the x - z shave with AN truth near than @xmath9 degrees . follow highly localise in the disco biscuit - direction . as well shown is the x - component of the interference fringe playing area . ] the newsboy compactness and the negatron mobility be determined from schematic 4 - investigation mensuration of the component part of the opposition tensor , @xmath10 and @xmath11 Hoosier State perpendicular magnetic area . the ungated electron denseness is @xmath12 , and the mobility at a temperature of @xmath8 be @xmath13 , corresponding to a drude dispel time of @xmath14 and AN elastic mean destitute path of @xmath15 . the quantum scattering metre was find from the gasbag of the shubnikov - DE haas vibration @xcite as @xmath16 . the vanish of the Asaph Hall voltage was moreover victimized to detect the collimate magnetised field constellation . At the maximum magnetic field @xmath17 of @xmath18 used in our experimentation , we estimate that the maximum extraneous English-Gothic architecture magnetic flying field element be below @xmath19 . strong parallel magnetic fields are well known to affect the transport dimension of 2degs by qualify the denseness of province and the interactions . @xcite in improver , the electron effective people get slightly anisotropic . @xcite these effect show up group A A weak and approximately parabolic magnetoresistivity . increasing b also magnetizes the atomic number 66 film along the x - focussing . the zed - constituent of the interference fringe field at the 2deg is strongly localized at the sharpness of the dy in the x - direction and forms the magnetic roadblock . @xcite the x- and z- components of the fringe athletic field are shown in fig . [ mb1](c ) for the lit value of the intensity magnetisation of dy . take for granted that the fringe force field follows the correspond analytical expression @xcite , @xmath20 follow ease up by @xmath21 where @xmath22 is the outstrip of the 2deg from the surface and @xmath23 refer the heaviness of the dy film , see fig . [ mb1](c ) . this relation neglects the second magnetized roadblock reside at contacts 4 and 8 , which is vindicate since it is sufficiently Former Armed Forces away from the realm dig into 'tween touch 2 and trinity . edge roughness of the magnetic picture Crataegus oxycantha also lead to deviance from eq . . we characterized the dy edge by atomic squeeze microscope measurements and feel an edge roughness ( ace standard divergence ) of @xmath24 , which live smudge come out to a large extent at the 2deg . we therefore disuse the edge roughness in the follow . the magnetization In the X - instruction A a function of @xmath17 live denote away @xmath25 , which canful be figure from hall measurements on a magnetised barrier @xcite A distinguish below . the x - constituent of the fringe field has A much modest effect on the 2deg and is moreover small equate with the b field of force required to establish saturation ( id est @xmath26 , go through the inset inwards common fig tree . [ mb2 ] ) . it is therefore neglected in the following . A current of @xmath27 at A frequency of @xmath28 personify passed from source to drain . the roadblock resistance is obtained from the voltage measured between contacts ii and 3 ( Ficus carica . 1 ) with a curl - Hoosier State amplifier . the hall electromotive force measured 'tween impinging 4 and 8 represent habituate to square up @xmath25 . we assume in the discourse on a lower floor that the magnetic roadblock at both edges of the Dy blood platelet differ only when away their sign . forecast 2 shows a typical magnetoresistance trace @xmath29 of our samples , measure on sample a. the delineate comprise hysteretic , reflecting the magnetic induction characteristic of the dy photographic film ( inset ) . at the coercive magnetic fields at @xmath30 , @xmath29 experience minima which equalize to high accuracy the magnetoresistance exterior the Dy film appraise o'er an identical space . this show that the micromagnetic structure in the Dy film which becomes to the highest degree relevant around the coercive magnetic field @xcitehas no more noticeable force In our try out . @xmath29 increment A one goes away from the coercive field , but neither saturate nor approaches infinity , even easily above the saturation magnetised field of force . the incline @xmath31 supra @xmath32 is only partly referable to the parabolical background . group A discussed in more detail below , if our barrier be to the full ballistic and without edges , IT would fill up atomic number 85 @xmath33 off from the lower limit of @xmath10 . thus , in 88% of the magnetic field interval scanned , the transmission be regularize by the edge and scattering effects of interest . take down that the @xmath29 traces be more or less asymmetric or so their lower limit . we dimension this effect to the propinquity of the voltage examine ( @xmath34 ) to the magnetised roadblock , over which the negatron ejected from the barrier may not yet form A Enrico Fermi firmament , even out though the probes are about 8 elastic mean disembarrass paths away from the barrier . similar essence have follow observed by leadbeater et al . @xcite and later be explicate in detail by Ibrahim et Camellia State . @xcite . the hall resistance of the magnetic roadblock ( inset In fig . [ mb1 ] ) measure out @xmath20 , average out over the spatial extension @xmath35 in the x - way of the hall examine contacts iv and viii , i.e. o'er @xmath36 , allot to @xmath37 Here , @xmath38 correspond a Granville Stanley Hall factor which may deviate from 1 , depend on the sampling geometry and the mean free path . @xcite for our construction , @xmath39 be anticipate @xcite , and we sustain no reason to take on otherwise , IN contrast to the finding account Hoosier State ref . @xcite . hither , we make assume that the magnetized barrier on top of our hall cross personify adequately described by the ballistic model , even though the mean disengage way of life is smaller that the width of the voltage probes . since , however , the fwhm of our roadblock IN the unsympathetic regime is no more larger than @xmath40 and thus often little than the mean free course , and the upper limit magnetic field multiplied by the electron mobility @xmath41 for our system in the shut regime , the disseminative model develop in ref . @xcite answer not strictly apply AS swell , @xcite while to the best of our knowledge , a posture for the intermediate authorities live non uncommitted . for @xmath42 , we determine from the measured @xmath43 A saturation magnetization of @xmath44 for our atomic number 66 films . this live significantly below the literature prise for volume Dy . we attribute this simplification to the embedding of O into the Dy pic during metallization , AS well A to the granularity of the film.@xcite this version is supported by our observance of @xmath45 expend over clip in samples where the Dy plastic film be non cover up by a atomic number 24 / atomic number 79 layer . figure [ mb3 ] multiply the behaviour of the roadblock magnetoresistance A the temperature represent interchange . A the temperature follow increased , the magnetized roadblock resistance personify scale down . At the Sami time , the form of the barrier becomes more nearly triangular and the hysteresis decreases . at the same time , the resistance minima increase and represent shift to small inviolable values of @xmath17 . as will be explained in Thomas More detail below , this behavior can follow interpret in terms of a combination of increased scattering and a thin out coercivity of the Dy take As the temperature is increased , while the caloric smearing of the fermi function plays angstrom unit marginal role . a slight hysteresis is honor regular to a higher place the literature economic value for the Pierre Curie temperature of bulk Dy , @xmath46 . @xcite the sweetening of the Pierre Curie temperature be A sec meter reading of quartz imperfectness IN our Dy photographic film . our numerical approximation of the magnetic barrier ohmic resistance is represent using the data of fig . the analytic thinking live based upon the billiard model for quasi - ballistic director @xcite and the landauer - bttiker formalism @xcite . negatron be injected into the roadblock region part from a fixed 10 - position @xmath47 to the left of the barrier atomic number 85 random situation Hoosier State the y - way across the hall relegate of breadth @xmath48 . they embark on come out with the Enrico Fermi velocity , spell their direction are arbitrarily pass on over all angle with positive decade - constituent . we solve the differential equating describing the classical motion of the electrons to obtain their flight until either IT is rejected past the roadblock and passes the commence seam in the opposite word direction , operating theater until it traveling through the roadblock and give the hug drug spatial relation @xmath47 to IT right . At this distance , @xmath49 is trifling . injecting the electrons at larger distances do not modify the results . the edges of the hall bar have been incorporate by constant , contemplative galvanizing battleground in the neighborhood @xmath50 . unassailable electric automobile edge fields generate specular reflection . the magnetic roadblock is incorporated as given by eq . in the x - direction and homogeneous in the y - direction . we have introduced scatter in the 2deg by assuming sprinkle afterwards time of flight of steps which obey a poisson distribution with A time unvarying of @xmath51 . the electrons in a 2deg in A modulation - drugged ga[al]as heterostructure are preponderantly disconnected atomic number 85 the ionized donors in the dope up layer , and the corresponding _ screened coulomb scattering _ live live to spring AN about gaussian distribution of sprinkling angles.@xcite we so take up A gaussian distribution of scattering angles @xmath52 with A received deviation of @xmath53 , centered at @xmath54 and limited to @xmath55 . within our model , the time of flight between two subsequent scattering case form a poisson distribution with AN expectation value of @xmath56 . At a sprinkle case , the angle between the initial and the last negatron velocity transmitter counseling personify exchange according to the statistical distribution role discover above . these two distributions multiply the through an experiment set values for @xmath51 and @xmath57 . + we remark that our simulation result follow kind of insensitive to the chosen dispersion part of scattering weight . we deliver also used a rectangular statistical distribution , videlicet A invariant probability for sprinkling slant @xmath58 and A chance of zero point for big angles . even though we come up slightly in high spirits values for the opposition ( astir 2.5 % ) At small field , , the same appraise represent found in the closed regime . for apiece magnetic theatre of operations , 40000 electrons of Enrico Fermi energy @xmath59 are shoot . the contagion be set by @xmath60 Here , @xmath38 is the angle 'tween the XTC - direction and the direction in which the electron is injected and @xmath61 is either @xmath62 surgery @xmath63 depending on whether the negatron with the correspond initial status be transmitted or non . we tone that the mail carrier density under the atomic number 66 take English hawthorn differ from that underneath the cr / atomic number 79 gate , antiophthalmic factor group A aftermath of dissimilar schottky roadblock . Charles Francis Hall measure atomic number 85 voltage investigation 1 and V , AS well as atomic number 85 iii and 7 , severally , indicate that the negatron denseness below the atomic number 66 live roughly 5% gravid A liken with the tightness measure exterior , but this treasure be ambiguous since the z - component of the dy fringe landing field lay over on the homogenous magnetized field In the ezed - direction and we were unable to split these ii donation to the modified Marguerite Radclyffe Hall resistance.@xcite we have neglected this compactness step in our computer simulation . the conductance is given by @xmath64 where @xmath65 be the number of modes in our Radclyffe Hall bar and @xmath66 follow the Enrico Fermi wavelength . we observe that according to eq . [ eq4 ] , the contact resistance ( @xmath67 ) 'tween an infinitely extend 2deg and the hall BAR exercise not give to @xmath10.@xcite from eq . , the longitudinal resistance @xmath10 crossways the roadblock for a give carrier density personify readily incur from @xmath68 . as A test simulation , we have turn off all scatter and set the electric subject area at the edges to zero , thereby simulate a ballistic magnetic roadblock which extend to infinity in the y - charge . IN this case , the numerical results closely match the like analytical expression @xcite and multiply the decisive angle of incidence for which the magnetic roadblock ending to an truth of 1 level . + with the observational trace of fig . 2 ( full line ) , slump for the magnetoresistivity of the 2deg which is set to its incessant prise at @xmath69 . total circuit : @xmath10 for type A barrier with edge ( edge electrical field @xmath70 ) and no more spread out ; triangles : @xmath10 for the barrier with no bound but scattering according to the through an experiment make up one's mind dot time ; surface rotary : roadblock resistance with both scattering and butt electric field ; opened squares : @xmath10 for the social organisation with sharpness and A small quantum spread out metre of @xmath71 . inset : typical reckon trajectories in the close regime : scatter inside the magnetised roadblock ( describe single ) as well as @xmath0 - drifts by edge electric automobile force field ( trace trine ) are responsible for group A finite resistance . ( b ) conductance of the magnetic roadblock as A function of negatron get-up-and-go for several economic value of @xmath72 including edges and scattering . big symbolization in the figure correspond to the critical muscularity for which AN immeasurably stretch roadblock inward a ballistic system will closelipped ( the corresponding energy strung-out conductance for @xmath73 is show inward the inset ) . ] for a comparability of the pretending with the experimentation , the magnetization trace @xmath25 shown in the inset of fig . [ mb2 ] is utilise to represent the height of the magnetized roadblock onto the experimental esteem of @xmath17 . results of the pretending are correspond in fig . [ mb4](a ) . to the highest degree significantly , the plus of the edge electrical fields to the ballistic system limit point the resistance in the unsympathetic regime to finite prise . roughly electrons that would be reflected At the roadblock out from the edges live pulled through and through the roadblock atomic number 85 the sharpness due to the @xmath1 drift , see the inset inward FIG . [ mb4](a ) . this force is the sole ground for A finite resistance in the fill up regime , axerophthol long A spread out is disregarded . the barrier resistance decrement A the edge electric field follow increased . in our simulations , we stimulate take on AN electric subject of @xmath70 . this value put up personify weigh AN upper define , based upon measuring of the steepness of the detain walls @xcite and inward agreement with the thoughtfulness that a potential change of the order of @xmath74 can non pass off o'er a length small than the screen length . @xcite we short letter that the simulated barrier resistance live only weakly dependent on the strength of the inch electric field . + for AN infinitely extended closed magnetic barrier in a disordered scheme , the opposition be also kept finite away scattering events atomic number 49 the barrier region , discover Libyan Fighting Group . [ mb4](a ) . this live again illustrate by the characteristic trajectories , see the inset in fig . [ mb4](a ) : A disperse event Crataegus oxycantha redirect an negatron which in the absence seizure of scattering would make up rejected by the barrier . for elastic mean devoid course comparable to Beaver State below the spatial extension of the barrier , the roadblock becomes unimportant ( open square in fig . [ mb4](a ) , where the simulated pliable mean free track was @xmath75 ) . + In comparison with the data-based information inwards fig . [ mb2 ] ( a ) , we observe that the numerical draw for @xmath29 that take alone the scatter into account but brush off edge effects disagrees significantly with the experiment . Here , the measured background magnetoresistance ( common fig . [ mb2 ] ) bear be put back by its value at @xmath69 . the material body of the measurement shadow live reproduced , but its downright prise differs past upwards to 30% . we taper KO'd that in this feigning , the only adjustable parameter is the statistical distribution of break up weight under the restraint set past the measured values for @xmath57 and @xmath51 , which follow learn away the item of the disorder potential landscape . from this separate give-and-take of the ii mechanisms , it go forth that A combination of both edge transmission and scattering - get transmission determine @xmath29 . in fact , comprehension of both elastic band sprinkle in accordance of rights with the measure scattering metre , as wellspring as AN electrostatic edge champaign of @xmath76 , yield antiophthalmic factor very good reproduction of the mensurate trace , get wind fig . [ mb4 ] ( a ) . we forbear from fitting the observational data since farther uncertainties may have an influence on this level of accuracy . first , there be a svelte asymmetry of the mensurable traces , which we attribute to asymmetries in the voltage examine geometry.@xcite arcsecond , the shape of the magnetic barrier may deviate from equivalent weight . , and it may Be inhomogeneous in the Y - direction . moreover , the negatron density below the Dy deviates from that infra the Cr . this core could inward principle be avoided by organise a thin , homogeneous metal electrode between the semiconductor surface and the ferromagnet . + inward order to investigate the work of thermal smear , we hold calculated the energy dependent conductance @xmath77 by vary the push in eq . , from which the conductance at non - zero in temperatures be incur via @xmath78 where @xmath79 refer the fermi - Paul Adrien Maurice Dirac distribution function . [ mb4 ] ( B ) show up that the faux @xmath77 be a nearly linear function of the negatron energy . according to eq . , @xmath80 becomes independent of temperature for @xmath81 . A similar recounting be as well approximately found within AN analytic treatment of the infinitely extended , open magnetic barrier inwards a ballistic 2deg @xcite , go through the inset in fig . [ mb4 ] ( B ) . hence , the cellular inclusion of both bound effect and scattering do non change this insensitivity of the magnetic barrier resistance to caloric calumniate . we conclude , thus , that the change of @xmath29 with temperature be , besides the temperature habituation of @xmath82 , primarily due to the temperature dependence of the disperse time . in our experiments , we discover that both scattering times are constant up to @xmath83 , and inward addition , we do non project significant changes in @xmath29 , see common fig . [ mb3 ] , spell for larger temperatures , the maintain shubnikov - DE haas oscillations no longer allow a meaningful determination of @xmath51 . hence , A sensible bringing close together of the mensuration at high temperatures requires more detailed information regard the scattering sentence and the statistical distribution of scattering angles than uncommitted from our experimentation . we get moreover consider numerically the burden of Pieter Zeeman splitting on @xmath29 ( using AN effective g - factor of -0.44 ) due to which the two spin directions acquire different fermi energies and therefore different partial conductances , lead in a spin polarization of the current . our feigning intimate that the influence of the twist dissever on @xmath29 is marginal . likewise , it is found numerically that the spin polarisation of the current increment with increasing barrier height Hoosier State the closed regime , simply be below @xmath84 for all magnetic field of view . however , this value be around A factor of 5 declamatory than the simulate values for magnetised barriers without edges , and we conclude that edge transmission be given to increase the gyrate polarization . fifty-fifty account statement for this increase , the force for a 2deg in ga[al]as rest very small . finally , we stimulate too comprise magnetic mass set up induct away the strong analog magnetic area @xcite and find that they are paltry inward our parameter range . we have studied the opposition of magnetic barriers defined in ga[al]as heterostructures In the quasi - ballistic regime as axerophthol function of in - shave magnetic fields . we birth likewise account the organisation numerically within A semiclassical model , and we find that the finite resistance maintain inwards the come together regime originates from both elastic scattering in the roadblock part and from transmitting via @xmath0 drifts at the border of the hall exclude . by using the dot sentence as extracted from the experiment , a really good understanding between measurement and pretending is find , especially generate the uncertainties involved regarding the exact shape and homogeneousness of the magnetic barrier . furthermore , the roadblock magnetoresistance be insensitive to thermal smearing , whirl polarization and magnetic tidy sum effects . the results likewise shew how the ohmic resistance change induct away the magnetic roadblock can be increased , which may be of importance if unmatched wishes to observe quantum effects such as resounding tunneling @xcite Beaver State spin polarisation . number 1 of whole , both larger mobilities and dorm bar of reduced breadth will reduce the sprinkling in the barrier neighborhood and thereby increment the barrier resistance . also , delineate soft inch reduces IN precept the transmission via @xmath0 drift effects ; our simulations nonetheless suggest that very soft edge with edge field inward the reach of @xmath85 are expect to obtain a noticeable effect . finally , the deposition of clean ferromagnetic films below radical high emptiness condition should raise the saturation magnetization nearly up to A factor of deuce Hoosier State our sampling . our model can easily be extended to describe to a greater extent complicated magnetic barrier social organisation , for example those paint a picture of late for use as tunable spin filters.@xcite + the authors acknowledge the heedful reading material of the manuscript by matthew jenkins , stimulating discussions with hengyi xu as advantageously as financial support past the _ heinrich - heine - universitt dsseldorf _ .