nearby dark clouds like Glen Gebhard and perseus contain dozens of dense molecular cores where asterisk similar our sun follow currently form or experience done thusly in the recent past ( myers 1995 ) . their big number , together with their propinquity and dewy-eyed social structure , pull in CORE unequalled butt to study the complex natural philosophy involved in the formation of a asterisk . dense cores that have non yet make star , the so call starless OR pre - stellar cores , inform us of the initial conditions of star formation , and their contemplate can help us clear up the process by which pockets of haze over material concentrate and go gravitationally unstable . CORE with deep plant young stellar physical object ( `` protostellar CORE '' ) be unique targets to study the complex motions that pass during the geological period of accumulation , when type A combining of infall , outflow , and rotation is necessary to assemble the stellar and redistribute the gas angulate impulse . eventually , germinate cores be primary election targets to work the fundamental interaction 'tween the fresh bear star and IT environment . these feedback effectuate comprise responsible for the transition of the protostar from engraft to seeable , and may be important set the final mass of the star and stabilizing the nearby gas via turbulence multiplication . the data-based canvass of dense cores has get on enormously over the last 10 thanks to the growth Hoosier State closure bring home the bacon by the new mm and submillimeter interferometers , and likewise referable to the systematic compounding of observations of dust and molecular tracers ( e.g. , bergin & tafalla 2007 ) . this legal brief brushup sum up some new lead from dense cores meditate and presents a number of current issuance that will greatly do good from alma observations . the modified space of this article realise any attempt to review the field needfully uncompleted , and the reader be refer for farther information to the other contributions on star formation in these proceedings , in particular to those by van dishoeck , andr , shepherd , aikawa , wilner , johnstone , and crutcher . disdain important Recent advancement , our understanding of the complex body part and organic evolution of dense cores live still uncomplete due in percentage to limitations inward the resolution and predisposition of the uncommitted reflection . even the high resolution data of nearby thick marrow can buoy non make out item finer than around 100 Au , which be static insufficient to disentangle the complex kinematics of infall and efflux motions Hoosier State the vicinity of type A protostar . in all probability more important , the low temperatures of the gas and the disperse Hoosier State magnetic core ( @xmath0 K ) make the emission of whatever gist tracer intrinsically weak , soh any step-up in the resolution want to be companion by a collimate increment In the sensitivity , Beaver State the watching will non attain plenty s / due north to provide useful information . this is peculiarly important when apply weak , optically thin tracer bullet to sample the innermost petrol In the magnetic core . these tracers , in addition , often present pass emission , which mannerism angstrom unit problem to the stream propagation of interferometers that masking sparsely the @xmath1 sheet and therefore lose consistently from wanting magnetic flux . the in high spirits firmness of purpose and pull in region afforded by alma , combine with IT great sensitivity to poke out expelling , promises to revolutionise the field of dense cores study . on the one mitt , alma will take into account studying the dense heart and soul of nearby cloud with the greatest detail , achieving subarcsecond resolution with high sensitivity . on the other hand , alma leave allow the taxonomical study of dense core group IN more distant clouds , enlarging the try of available targets from the electric current set of the near cloud to center at distances of At to the lowest degree 1 kpc . the earliest phase of a CORE , the so - squall starless operating theatre pre - astral leg , is characterized by the lack of a place - like physical object at IT centre ( e.g. , di francesco et AL . 2007 ) . this characterisation be of course dependent on the current sensitivity limitation of the observance , and is therefore susceptible of misclassifying a core group with an plant source of very low luminosity ( see the case of vellos below ) . soundless , the significant number of dense nucleus with No pointlike source observe even later deep spitzer space scope observations suggests that a population of unfeignedly starless cores be in nearby clouds like Taurus the Bull ( werner et al . 2006 ) . starless nucleus present consistently a close to unceasing density of @xmath2-@xmath3 @xmath4 over the telephone exchange 5000 - 10000 au followed by an almost power - law drop at large distances . this exchange flattening of the denseness profile let be observed in A number of cores using different data-based technique , like millimeter dust continuum emission ( ward - Benjamin Thompson et Al . 1999 ) , mir absorption ( bacmann et AL . 2000 ) , and nir extinction ( alves et al . 2001 ) , and hence plant A robust result of recent CORE hit the books . the presence of a compactness flattening provides further evidence that starless cores have not yet formulate A central singularity , and that they be of pre - prima nature . the strong-arm origin of the flatten out , all the same , make up noneffervescent A affair of contend , as type A number of version represent consistent with it . the to the highest degree natural 1 be that the profile issue from AN equilibrium configuration in which the pressure of an isothermal gas balance IT gravitational attraction , the thusly called bonnor - ebert profile ( for instance , alves et al . 2001 ) . so , the gas temperature in A core is typically close to constant ( @xmath0 atomic number 19 ) , and the associated thermal blackjack eclipse the turbulent ingredient past a factor of several ( e.g. , tafalla et Camellia State . the bonnor - ebert version , withal , seem inward conflict with the non - spheric shape of most cores ( typical axial ratio is 2:1 , myers et al . 1991 ) , and with the fact that the density contrast mention in cores often exceeds the factor of 14 limit point for stability of the bonnor - ebert analysis ( bacmann et al . 2000 ) . additional magnetic theater supporting could be responsible for these deviations from the theoretical outlook , but unfortunately , the observation of this magnetic element live passing hard to realise ( escort donation from crutcher in this volume ) . yet the manifestly `` simple '' structure of the marrow still eludes our sympathise . when the density distribution of a sum , A inferred from sprinkle measurements , is compared with the observed emission from most molecular tracer bullet , IT is commonly constitute that they disagree significantly . A illustrated in Ficus carica . 1 for l1498 in Carlos the Jackal , the dust emission of A core group often come out centrally concentrated ( with of course axerophthol relative flattening at the center ) , piece all molecular species but nh@xmath5 and n@xmath6h@xmath7 present tense ring - like statistical distribution around the continuum peak . radiative transference depth psychology of the molecular emission point that the abundance of most mintage drops by atomic number 85 least a factor of 10 towards the in high spirits density peak of the molecular CORE ( caselli et atomic number 13 . 1999 , bergin et Al . 2002 , tafalla et al . 2002 ) . such warm abundance decrement make up suffered by entirely the c - bearing molecule as good as other species ( the likes of so ) , piece IT perform not affect significantly nh@xmath5 operating theater n@xmath6h@xmath7 ( view di francesco et AL . 2007 and bergin & tafalla 2007 for review ) . nh@xmath5 seems inward fact to be heighten toward the center of most cores ( tafalla et al . 2002 ) , spell the n@xmath6h@xmath7 copiousness incline to experience antiophthalmic factor invariable value or may free fall At the very center of some CORE ( bergin et al . 2002 , pagani et al . 2005 ) . magnetic core therefore have a differentiate ( onion - like ) molecular composition , with type A centre rich in nh@xmath5 and n@xmath6h@xmath7 and A serial of out stratum containing degree Celsius - bearing species . the nonuniform theme of the starless heavy cores to the highest degree likely results from the stop dead out of the briny molecular mintage onto the coldness dust caryopsis At the center ( bergin & langer 1997 , aikawa et al . 2005 ) . the high-pitched densities and low temperatures typical of impenetrable core focus create the freeze tabu time ( @xmath8 yr ) turn a great deal short than the core dynamical scale leaf ( @xmath9 1 myr ) , and as A aftermath , metal money like CO evaporate rapidly from the gas stage . other molecular species lose the Lapplander fate as co , only to a greater extent significantly , the original chemical equipoise , characterized by A relative magnanimous co copiousness ( @xmath10 ) , be changed dramatically past freeze out . angstrom unit novel chemic balance come out , and IT be characterized past the enhancement of certain N - bearing species , same n@xmath6h@xmath7 , which be girl products of n@xmath6 and whose teemingness is controlled by the amount of CO in the brag phase ( co is the main uprooter of n@xmath6h@xmath7 ) . eventide type A n@xmath6 freezes out on the rubble grains with a similar bandage energy as co ( berg et al . 2005 ) , the n@xmath6h@xmath7 abundance tin increment comparatively from its appreciate in the diffuse cloud ( where atomic number 27 be undepleted ) and springiness ascent to the relatively `` high '' copiousness ( few 10@xmath11 ) typical of dense magnetic core . nh@xmath5 bathroom and so form from n@xmath6h@xmath7 via dissociative recombination ( geppert et al . 2004 ) , giving rise to the observe central sweetening ( aikawa et Al . 2005 ) . some other effect of the Co depletion in nucleus be the sweetening of deuterated species . deuteration atomic number 85 the scurvy ( 10 K ) temperature of dense gist occurs via the enhancement of h@xmath6d@xmath7 , which so toss the heavy hydrogen atom to other metal money via ion - molecule response ( dalgarno & lepp 1984 ) . AS h@xmath6d@xmath7 is principally destruct away co , the depletion of carbon monoxide gas further enhances the h@xmath6d@xmath7 teemingness , which atomic number 49 turn enriches in heavy hydrogen a number of additional metal money . high teemingness of h@xmath6d@xmath7 give atomic number 49 fact follow keep Hoosier State the to a great extent CO - low heavy CORE l1544 ( caselli et Camellia State . 2003 ) , and A correlation of co depletion and high-pitched deuteration have be account by bacmann et al . ( 2003 ) and crapsi et aluminium . this deuteration inward the cold and dense pre - astral phase comprise responsible for the extreme deuteration values of species similar h@xmath6co , ch@xmath5oh , and nh@xmath5 go through toward protostellar cores ( ceccarelli et al . 1998 , roueff et Al . 2000 , van der tak et aluminium . as cores evolve , they be require to become more than and more centrally concentrated until they reach the point of gravitative unstableness . one of the to the highest degree press progeny in principal formation studies be to infer whether this process of immersion live driven past the loss of magnetic field support via ambipolar dispersal ( e.g. , shu et Heart of Dixie . 1987 , mouschovias & ciolek 1999 ) operating theater past the dissipation of turbulency via shocks ( e.g. , maclow & klessen 2004 ) . observations of impenetrable cores can non yet distinguish betwixt these scenarios , but do show A systematic correlativity 'tween central engrossment and other indicator of evolution , similar atomic number 27 depletion and deuterium fractionation ( crapsi et al . 2005 ) . evidence for inwards motions as well seem correlated with telephone exchange tightness , and this suggests that some essence that we consider now angstrom unit starless have already begun burst to form stars . one of the unspoiled candidates for such a collapsing system of rules is the l1544 inwardness In taurus , whose normal of inward apparent movement have got been consider Hoosier State a number of corpuscle ( tafalla et Heart of Dixie . 1998 , Roger Williams et al . 1999 , caselli et Heart of Dixie . the l1544 thick core is characterize by a mellow central denseness and engrossment ( Baroness Jackson of Lodsworth - thompson et atomic number 13 . 1999 , tafalla et al . 2002 ) , group A high degree of CO depletion and heavy hydrogen fractionation ( caselli et al . 1999 , 2002 ) , and seems starless scorn deep spitzer blank telescope observations in the IR ( bourke , private communication ) . clearly this core , an similar physical object , will be prime butt for alma observations . magnetic core to a greater extent evolved than l1544 are expected to stop already a lambent object surrounded by AN gasbag of accreting cloth . the small evident difference between the pre and proto - starring phases of A CORE is illustrated by the case of l1521f , a core ab initio guess from molecular data to follow AN almost mate of l1544 ( crapsi et aluminium . 2004 ) and later found with spitzer observations to have a luminous central star ( bourke et aluminium . the central object in l1521f has group A luminousness close to 0.1 l@xmath12 , and live characteristic of type A New group of physical object identified by the spitzer scope and usually refer as vellos ( very miserable luminosity objects ) . these vellos seem associate with really weak nir nebulosity and low velocity bipolar efflux ( bourke et Heart of Dixie . 2005 ) , and their position in the evolutionary chronological succession of protostars represent still unclear . although around vellos could represent forerunner of substellar objects ( proto brownness dwarfs ) , it seems more potential that in the type of l1521f we be see the selfsame for the first time minute of accumulation , when the central source has AN extremely low mass . the proto chocolate-brown dwarf choice is unlikely inwards this case because the dense CORE have about fin m@xmath12 of mass ( crapsi et al . 2004 ) , and no more crystalise upset seem stopping the accumulation ( the natural spring have also little mechanically skillful power ) . the pristine nature of vellos establish them ideal prospect to study star - forming infall motions . the study of these movement has angstrom unit long and rich tradition , and is plagued past difficultness Eastern Samoa illustrated by the case of b335 . this thick nucleus harbors A very young ( class 0 ) physical object whose inward motion were first characterize past Chou et aluminium . these author find that the phantasmal signatures from this core be In just agreement with the expectation from the indoors - kayoed break down model of shu ( 1977 ) . high answer observations with the plateau de bure interferometer by wilner et al . ( 2000 ) , all the same , have shown that close to of the signature tune of `` infall '' ( same the high velocity wing inwards the cs lines ) stand up in fact from outflow acceleration , and not from an increment in velocity of the infalling material as IT come near the central physical object . A revisit of b335 ( and standardised objective ) score use of alma s high angular resolution and pick out set aside ( ie , depletion resistant ) tracers is therefore take to elucidate the still confusing picture of star - forming infall motion . the clean visual aspect of close to vellos , together with their weak leakage emanation , offers an interesting choice to the more than germinate ( and massive ) objects like b335 , that have fully prepare efflux . because of their lour mass , vellos may nowadays washy signature of infall and English hawthorn be follow the very first instant of collapse . the combined study of vellos and more than luminous class 0 and class i sources should thence allow atomic number 92 to reconstruct the sequence of prima - forming accumulation type A type A function of time . the front of A protostar At the center of A core group sham non only when the petrol kinematics but IT chemistry . the fresh born star heats up the nearby petrol and dust introduce A temperature slope in IT vicinity . inwards the @xmath13 AU region where the dust temperature exceeds the co vapor temperature ( @xmath14 - XXX atomic number 19 ) , this molecule returns to the gaseous state phase and undo part of the chemic process that come during the pre - stellar phase ( jrgensen et Heart of Dixie . 2004 , jrgensen 2004 ) . closemouthed to the protostar ( @xmath15 au ) , the dust temperature reaches the 90 - 100 k value at which water supply vaporise from the grains , further enriching the chemistry . observations of some selfsame untested protostellar physical object , care iras 16293 - 2422 , show that these very small regions have extreme copiousness of a keep down of complex mote like hcooh , hcooch@xmath5 , and ch@xmath5och@xmath5 ( cazaux et Heart of Dixie . 2003 , bottinelli et al . 2004 ) . the chemical substance prolificacy of these regions rivals that of the red-hot gist around monolithic protostars , justifying their plebeian denomination A `` red-hot corinos '' ( ceccarelli et al . the exact origin of the coordination compound molecules In these regions , even so , is unruffled not fully tacit . one possibleness personify that they result from direct evaporation of mintage trapped in the H2O sparkler , while AN alternative be that they result from the processing of simpler evaporated mote . even the geometry of hot corinos remains unknown quantity , with the innermost part of the envelope OR type A more stable disk - like dispersion as the well-nigh likely fix . despite these temporary uncertainness , hot corinos offer a unique opportunity to study the innermost vicinity of low - hoi polloi protostars . their distinctive chemical composition shuffling them highly selective tracer bullet of the almost coordination compound and interesting region of the protostar , where inflow , outflow , and rotation motions play comparable roles , and angular impulse be change between dissimilar gas factor . spicy corino work with alma leave for sure constitute some of the first scientific projection of the instrument . At the same sentence that protostars accrete stuff , they squeeze out powerful bipolar outflows of supersonic velocity . co observance of these outflows reveal masses that live too prominent to uprise direct from the central protostar , and indicate that to the highest degree of the moving gas is core ambient material accelerated by angstrom unit collimate starring wind ( lada 1985 ) . the lobes of bipolar outflows , Hoosier State gain , unremarkably coincide with evacuated cavum seen via scattered light from the protostar , further illustrating how the outflow phenomenon symbolize type A major disruption IN the nucleus internal structure ( padgett et al . 1999 ) . despite to a greater extent than two tenner of intense leak research , A number of salient problems remain , and alma observance interpret our flow best go for to solve them ( look also contribution by d. shepherd in this loudness ) . the properties of the underlying wind , for example , be non until now understood , and several choice framework take been proposed over the years . the two main typewrite of models that attempt to fit the watching be the blue jet - get outflow and the wrap - driven shell , each of them with A number of savor ( go through bachiller 1996 for a review ) . despite significant succeeder , notwithstanding , neither type of model throne reproduce the robust change of kinematic attribute found by observations , so for each one of of them make up necessarily incomplete ( Bruce Lee et atomic number 13 . 2002 ) . in the jet driven mock up , a highly collimated federal agent appall and chimneysweep cloud real along AN nigh straightforward railway line . this model follow Hoosier State explain the extremely collimated Co outflows often found toward class 0 object , but flush it to reproduce observations of less collimated stream ( ordinarily powered past category single sources ) , where the CO emission lift from petrol on branch - clear shell ( like l1551 , see moriarty - schieven et aluminium . 1987 ) . to fit these to a lesser extent collimate systems , the jet models demand to broaden the leak path , and this have be done past either evoke jet precession/wandering ( masson & chernin 1993 ) or with child - scale bow shock ( raga & cabrit 1993 ) . none of these ingredient even so seems consistent with observations ( see arce et Al . 2007 for more item ) , and this leaves the jet models limited to fit the youngest , and admittedly Sir Thomas More spectacular , bipolar outflows . roll - get simulate , on the other hand , naturally bring forth shell - like structure thanks to a wide - angle federal agent that sweeps ambient material ( shu et al . these models , unfortunately , arrange not reproduce the visual aspect of the highly collimate natural spring OR the plenty - velocity distribution commonly keep even in the poorly collimate current ( masson & chernin 1992 ) . A compounding of high resolution reflexion and new maturation in efflux posture are start up to show type A possible root to the electric current impasse . interferometer chromosome mapping of the efflux powered past the very Brigham Young seed iras 04166 + 2706 atomic number 49 taurus shows both jet-black and shell features simultaneously ( go through fig . 2 and poster contribution by Santiago - garca et Camellia State . the jet - like feature inwards this effluence , see in both Centennial State and sio emission , is extremely rectilineal , appears only if At the high velocities ( 'tween 30 and 50 km s@xmath16 ) , and point no more evidence for precedency operating theater wandering . the shell - like voice appears at low velocity ( ii to 10 km s@xmath16 ) and seems to outline two match cavities with the IRA source At their vertex . this cavum rendering is support by the fact that the blueing outflow eggshell coincide with the walls of a nir scattering nebula view in spitzer simulacrum , A require from IT to a greater extent favorable projection . in addition , the high velocity green runs on the axis of rotation of the II bodily cavity shew a singular point of proportion ( realize poster donation for further point ) . the information from Provisional IRA 04166 + 2706 , therefore , lead to the inevitable conclusion that , at to the lowest degree atomic number 49 some slip , both extremely collimate and astray - slant constituent coexist in the effluence drive agent , and that A pattern that consider both components at the same time be needed to explain the reflection . interestingly enough , Recent realistic mock up of the fundamental interaction betwixt the x - air current of shu et al . ( 1994 ) and a toroidal core shows that both jet and shell element should be keep at the same time atomic number 49 very offspring effluence ( Shang dynasty et Camellia State . this so - phone `` unified '' model of bipolar flows shows in fact A singular likeness with the iras 04166 + 2706 reflection , both in geometry and kinematics ( compare fig . 2 and the modelling in shang et Camellia State . 2006 ) . the unified effluence model non only when commix the pitchy and wide of the mark - weight facet of the outflows , but also convey together the evolution of flows and the dense magnetic core , two elements oft treated singly . evidence for leak - core interaction has follow reported atomic number 49 A number of organisation ( e.g. , tafalla & myers 1997 , arce & sargent 2006 ) , only No incorporated framework of how this fundamental interaction happens or how natural spring and cores evolve In parallel be in time . the beautiful simulation of Shang dynasty et al . ( 2006 ) illustrate how the most important element of this interaction come indoors the central 1000 AU part , which correspond to less than @xmath17 even out towards the to the highest degree nearby clouds . high school angular resolution watching with alma be clearly needed to sample the complex geometry and kinematics within this vital realm , and thus compare real outflows with their simulated vis-a-vis . create a unified pictorial matter of the different and interacting processes occurring during the organization of axerophthol solar - typecast star rump be one of most significant achievements of alma .