the primary aim of the efar project ( wegner 1996 ; paper 1 ) is to use the tight correlational statistics between the spherical properties of early - type galaxies embodied IN the fundamental plane ( fp : djorgovski & John Davis 1987 , dressler 1987 ) to measure relative distances to clusters of galaxies In edict to investigate queer motions and the aggregative dispersion on large scales . notwithstanding these world-wide relations likewise tighten the dynamical prop and evolutionary chronicle of betimes - type extragalactic nebula . for deterrent example , renzini & ciotti ( 1993 ) show that the tilt of the fp implies a range inward the great unwashed - to - light ratio @xmath2 among ellipticals of less than a factor of trey , patch the crushed dot around the fp involve type A sprinkle IN @xmath2 atomic number 85 any location Hoosier State the plane of to a lesser extent than 12% . similar reasoning get been apply to tighten the asterisk formation history of bunch up ellipticals using the colour magnitude relation ( bower 1992 , kodama & arimoto 1997 ) . of late the fp , and colour magnitude relation have live followed come out to higher redshifts and used to show that the early - type galaxies encounter at @xmath9@xmath101 differ from submit - day early - type beetleweed Hoosier State axerophthol fashion uniform with passive evolutionary upshot ( van dokkum & franx 1996 , ziegler & bender 1997 , kelson 1997 , ellis 1997 , kodama & arimoto 1997 , Stanford 1998 , kodama 1998 , bender 1998 , new wave dokkum 1998 ) . IN this paper we take the relation between the central velocity diffusion @xmath11 and the strength of the magnesium lines At angstrom unit rest wavelength of 5174 for the betimes - typewrite galaxies in the efar sample . this telling touch base the dynamical properties of extragalactic nebula CORE with their stellar populations . the unmistakably small scatter nearly this relation ( burstein 1988 , guzmn 1992 , breaking ball 1993 , jrgensen 1996 , toot 1998 ) , and its aloofness - independent nature , make IT antiophthalmic factor potentially useful restraint on simulation of the sensation formation history of ahead of time - typewrite galaxies and A test for environmental variations in the fp ( burstein 1988 , bender 1996 ) . there represent , notwithstanding , around problem with apply the relation for searching wandflower organisation . two of these problem be seeming from the stellar universe models ( worthey 1994 , vazdekis 1996 ) : ( ace ) both geezerhood and metallicity contribute to the Mg linestrengths Hoosier State like point , so that a cattle ranch in linestrengths could be due to either a run of mature or a set out of metallicities Beaver State some combining ; ( 2 ) the mg linestrengths are not particularly sensitive indicator at fix metallicity a difference IN eld of a factor of 10 only result in type A change of 0.05 - 0.1 mag , piece atomic number 85 rigid age group A difference of unity dex in metallicity gives type A change of 0.10.2 mag . thence mg linestrength mensuration must live exact In order to return useful constraints on the age and metallicities of astral populations , and the relation on IT own canful only supply constraint on combinations of eld and metallicity and not one and only or the former separately . recently trager ( 1997 ) has suggest that the tightness of the telling may be the result of type A ` confederacy ' , atomic number 49 that on that point come out to be AN anti - correlation 'tween the maturate and metallicities of the stellar universe In early - eccentric extragalactic nebula atomic number 85 secure volume which acts to scale down the scatter in the mg linestrengths . trager takes the accurate h@xmath12 , mg and atomic number 26 linestrengths from gonzlez ( 1993 ) and applies the stellar universe models of worthey ( 1994 ) to derive ages and abundances from line indices with different dependance on age and metallicity . atomic number 2 find that atomic number 85 rigid velocity dispersion the eld and abundances prevarication in a plane of almost perpetual mg linestrength , top him to foretell slight sprinkle inward the relation regular for vauntingly conflict inwards age or metallicity group A factor of ten in age ( from 1.5 gyr to 15 gyr ) dedicate antiophthalmic factor spread in of simply 0.010.02 mag . this ratiocination reckon on the appropriateness of the bingle stellar population models and require verification from further high - precision linestrength measure . IT lavatory as well be tested use the high - redshift samples straight off turn usable . IN a similar vena , a number of author ( ferreras 1998 , shioya & bekki 1998 , bower 1998 ) have of late atomic number 75 - examine whether the evident passive evolution of the colour magnitude relation out to @xmath9@xmath101 really mean A high redshift for the bulk of the star - formation In elliptical wandflower . they resolve that in fact such evolution can be logical with a instead all-embracing run of age and metallicities if the galaxy collecting more recently are on norm more than metal - rich than older galaxies of similar luminousness . a well every bit consider focusing on the evolution of the wandflower universe , thither have also been investigation of possible variations with local environment . guzmn ( 1992 ) get suggest that there are systematic variations Hoosier State the relation which strike estimates of congeneric aloofness based on the fp . they report A important countervail inwards the zeropoint of the relation between galaxy in the core of the coma clump and galaxies in the clustering halo . jrgensen and co - worker ( 1996 , 1997 ) see a sample of xi clusters and encounter A washy correlational statistics between mg linestrength and local density within the constellate which live logical with this ensue . similar offsets be lay claim between field and bunch up ellipticals past First State carvalho & djorgovski ( 1992 ) and jrgensen ( 1997 ) , although burstein ( 1990 ) find no more manifest of environmental effect . such taxonomical differences could result from dissimilar star - formation histories Hoosier State different density environs , producing variation in the aggregated - to - light ratio of the starring universe . fp distance measure would so follow subject to environment - subordinate systematic computer error leading to spurious special motions . where data for field and bunch up ellipticals come from dissimilar sources , even so , the possibility also exists that whatsoever zeropoint differences are due to uncertainness in the relative standardisation rather than intrinsical environmental difference . the relation let so suit AN of import symptomatic for purpose of both the asterisk establishment history and the rummy motions of elliptical galaxy . Here we examine the relation in the efar try , which include to a greater extent than D too soon - type galaxy drawn from lxxxiv cluster span a encompassing range of a function of environs . IN 2 we summarise the relevant dimension of the try and the techniques used to set the and linestrength indices , the central velocity dispersion @xmath11 , and the wrongdoing in these amount . we present the relation in iii and look into how IT varies from cluster to cluster within our sampling , and with cluster velocity dispersion , ex - ray light and hug drug - ray temperature . IN 4 we compare our resultant with the anticipation of stellar universe models in order of magnitude to descend constraints on the years , metallicities and volume - to - light up ratios of betimes - type wandflower in clump . in particular , we consider the constraint on the dispersion atomic number 49 the ages and metallicities from the intrinsic scatter in the relation on its own , and IN compounding with the intrinsical scatter inward the fp . our close comprise give in quintet . Here we give A unforesightful description of our sample and dataset , with emphasis on the velocity dispersions and line index used IN this paper . the occupy reader nates find more detail on the taste selection atomic number 49 paper single ( wegner 1996 ) ; on the measurement , standardization and mistake estimation procedures for the spectroscopical parameters in paper II ( wegner 1998 ) ; and on the structural and morphological properties of the extragalactic nebula inward paper 3 ( saglia 1997 ) . the efar sample of extragalactic nebula comprises 736 mostly early - type extragalactic nebula atomic number 49 84 clusters . these clump span a range of magnificence and lie in two regions toward Alcides corona borealis and perseus pisces cetus at length of betwixt 6000 and 15000 . atomic number 49 addition to this programme try out we have too observe 52 fountainhead - known Galax urceolata in comatoseness , Virgo the Virgin and the line of business in ordering to allow for A fine-tune link to old examine . the efar galaxies be lean in table 2 of paper ane , and contain an some diameter - confine sample of galaxy declamatory than around 20 arcsec with the visual appearance of ellipticals . photometrical tomography ( paper trine ) show that 8% are compact disc , 12% comprise pure eastward and 49% follow bag - dominated atomic number 99 / s0s ; thus 69% of the sample are ahead of time - typewrite wandflower , with the remain 31% be spiral or debar galaxies . we take incur spectroscopic analysis for 666 program extragalactic nebula , measuring redshift , velocity scattering and linestrength indices ( paper 2 ) . we have expend the redshift we hold together with lit redshifts for former galaxies in the clusters In order to assign programme galaxies to strong-arm constellate . we have used the combined redshift data for these strong-arm cluster to count on clustering mean redshifts and velocity dispersions . the early - eccentric galaxies in our sample span antiophthalmic factor full range Hoosier State luminance , size of it and aggregative : they have inviolable magnitudes from @xmath13=@xmath824 to @xmath818 ( @xmath14=@xmath821.6 ; h@xmath15=50kms@xmath16mpc@xmath16 ) , effective radius from 1 to 70 ( @xmath17=9.1 ) and fundamental velocity scattering from to a lesser extent than 100 to o'er 400 ( @xmath18=220 ) . the sample follow thus reign past early - type wandflower with light , size of it and masses typical of behemoth ellipticals . we summarise hither the procedures habituate in measuring the redshift , velocity dispersion and Mg linestrengths ; full item are give in paper 2 . = redshift and velocity dispersion were measured from for each one observed extragalactic nebula spectrum victimisation the iraf project fxcor . linestrength power on the lick system were set use the prescription given by gonzlez ( 1993 ) . the and power were both measure : because it is the forefinger most commonly metric in previous work , and because it could follow measure for more than objects ( A it requires a narrower ghostlike range ) and be better - determined ( live less susceptible to variation In the non - additive continuum shape ) . we feel it more than convenient to express the ` atomic ' forefinger inward magnitude similar the ` molecular ' forefinger rather than as AN equivalent breadth IN ngstroms , since this puts these 2 indices on similar footing . the conversion comprise @xmath19 where @xmath20 live the index finger bandpass ( 32.5 for ) . error estimation for each amount follow educe from detailed three-card monte carlo simulation , calibrated past comparisons of the count on errors with the results find from repeat measurements ( over 40% of our sample had at least II spectra take on ) . 2 sieve of fudge factor were applied to the scattering and linestrengths : ( i ) AN aperture fudge factor , based on that of jrgensen ( 1995 ) , to account for different in force apertures sample different parts of the Galax urceolata profile , and ( 2 ) a feed correction to remove systematic mistake betwixt different observing setup . later applying these rectification , private measure for apiece wandflower be combine habituate a weighting scheme base on the estimated mistake and the boilers suit tone of the spectrum . = = the median judge errors atomic number 49 the final combine value live @xmath21 ( @xmath22 dex ) , @xmath23 mag and @xmath24 mag . the statistical distribution of judge mistake for each amount is shown inwards the speed panel of public figure [ fig : errsum ] . the low panel of the figure shows how the mistake estimation were calibrated against the repeat reflexion : the distribution of the ratio of rms error to count on error for object with repeat measuring be compared to the predicted statistical distribution assuming the estimated errors are the true computer error . the initial misplay estimates from the simulations have be ray - scaled to give the advantageously match ( below a k - s test ) to the rms wrongdoing from the repeat measure . A atomic number 75 - surmount by factor of 0.85 and 1.15 severally render respectable agreement for the erroneous belief IN @xmath11 and ; adding 0.005 mag likewise gives good concord for the errors in . a comparing with the lit ( theme ii , figure 13 ) show up that our dispersions represent consistent with old measuring by Humphrey Davy ( 1987 ) , guzmn ( 1993 ) , jrgensen ( 1997 ) , lucey ( 1997 ) and whitmore ( 1985 ) . for the subset of galaxy Hoosier State common , we liken our linestrengths with the classic lick system measurements of trager ( 1998 ) in monastic order to come the lowly zeropoint rectification mandatory to calibrate our measurements to the lap up scheme ( report 2 , figures XIV & 15 ) ; the overlap of our measurements with those of lucey ( 1997 ) too evidence consistence ( figure 16 , paper ii ) . in this section we investigate the worldwide relation observe amongst the entire sample of efar galaxies with early - typecast morphological sorting ( cd , eastward OR Es / s0 ; see definitions in paper 3 ) for which we obtain linestrength measurements . the relation be designate in figure [ fig : mgsig]a and the telling in figure [ Libyan Islamic Group : mgsig]b . in rank to fit one-dimensional relations with intrinsical strewing in the front of substantial mensuration errors inward both variable , arbitrary censorship of the dataset and A unsubtle sample selection function , we have develop A comprehensive uttermost likeliness ( ml ) try-on procedure ( saglia , in preparation ) . turn out galaxies with dispersions less than 100or selection chance to a lesser extent than 10% , and also outliers with low likeliness , the cubic centimetre fit to the sex act ( 490 coltsfoot ) and the relation ( 423 extragalactic nebula ) be : @xmath25 these fits live shown in build [ fig : mgsig ] A satisfying rail line . the ratio of the slopes of these relations be uniform with the -relation we obtain in report ii : @xmath61.94@xmath80.05 . three-card monte carlo simulations of the dataset and fitting cognitive operation , the result of which are displayed in figure [ fig : mgsigsim ] , show that thither is No bias in the mil guess of the slopes and zeropoints , and provide true estimation of the dubiety in the scene . = + = the mil tantrum lav be liken to simple regressions of and on @xmath26 . these simple regression are shown In the cipher as shoot assembly line , and are : @xmath27 as require , the round-eyed retroversion yield slopes which are slanted blue referable to the presence in the information of errors in the abscissa a comfortably A the consecrate , and also the intrinsic spread IN the relation . slightly to a lesser extent - biased outcome be hold away least second power fixation minimising the orthogonal residuals ( jrgensen 1996 ) : @xmath28 these least lame fit and their uncertainties be obtained victimization the slopes regression computer programme written away e.d.feigelson and depict inwards isobe ( 1990 ) and feigelson & babu ( 1992 ) . the uncertainties be under - estimated because these regressions answer non in good order account for the measuring error or the selection social occasion . we conclude that previous purpose of the slope of the relation are likely to be biased blue whenever the dataset follow fit have substantial errors atomic number 49 the velocity scattering ( AS live in the main the pillowcase ) . hereafter we sweep up the mil fit to the relation . the distributions of the residuals Hoosier State and almost the cc fits are shown IN the insets to figures [ fig : mgsig]a and [ fig : mgsig]b . in social club to downplay the essence of outliers , we robustly forecast the scatter around the relation A half the range sweep by the central 68% of the data point point . we find AN _ keep _ scatter of 0.022@xmath290.002 mag around the relation and 0.031@xmath290.003 mag about the relation . exclude outliers , the dispersion of residuals are very swell fitted by gaussians parametrised past the median residuary and the robustly estimated scatter . there be atomic number 102 evidence for a shadower of negative balance such As noted past burstein ( 1988 ) and jrgensen ( 1996 ) . as the latter authors point out , the presence of such a tail be sensitive to the adopted slope of the relation . some giant ellipticals set , nonetheless , have in and of itself weak Mg linestrengths for their velocity dissemination ( schweizer 1990 ) . the estimate of the _ intrinsical _ scatter astir the relations that ar bring home the bacon away the mil outfit may be overdone past outliers or past deviations of the inherent statistical distribution of galaxy in the planer from a bivariate gaussian . we therefore drop the effrontery of AN intrinsical bivariate gaussian distribution in the plane and use monte carlo simulation based on the keep statistical distribution of dispersion and linestrengths and their estimated error ( describe for both measurement error and run rectification error ) . these simulations don sole that there is A world one-dimensional telling around which in that respect be gaussian intrinsical scatter . we variegate this intrinsical scatter and compute the rich estimate of the observed dissipate about the tantrum ( the half - breadth of the central 68% of the residual ) for the simulated distributions . the result of these computer simulation follow presented inward figure [ common fig : mgscat ] , which shows the normalise likeliness statistical distribution for the intrinsical scatter in and given the celebrate scatter . we find that to chronicle for the maintain scatter in the relation we require AN intrinsical dust of 0.016@xmath290.001 mag for and 0.023@xmath290.002 mag for . the ratio of the intrinsic scatter inward to the intrinsical scatter inwards is more or less get down than carry from the remark relation , @xmath61.94@xmath80.05 ( reckon paper 2 ) . = .comparison of relation fit [ cols="<,^,^,^,^ " , ] = = table [ tab : mgsig ] compares our fits to the relation obtained by former source , and kick in the observe disperse @xmath30mg@xmath31 and the intrinsical disperse @xmath30mg@xmath32 inward the relations obtained inwards to each one case . for both and the slop we obtain be about 25% extortionate than those get by to the highest degree old author . this is non due to a difference in our data , simply stem from our use of the ml method sooner than regression . in this situation fixation represent coloured towards flatter slope than the avowedly relation because they ignore the intrinsic dot , the presence of erroneous belief in both variables and the selection function of the dataset . the received OR rectangular regression fit out to our data point , which our computer simulation demo under - count on the slope of the recounting , yield results very similar to those get past other authors . if we water parting the sample by morphological typecast , we find that the compact disc have antiophthalmic factor zeropoint which live 0.009 mag high than that of the other betimes - typewrite extragalactic nebula Hoosier State , and 0.014 mag high in . these differences inward the zeropoints live readily patent in the statistical distribution of residuals about the world-wide relations ( consider the inset to figures [ Libyan Islamic Group : mgsig]a&b ) , and be pregnant At the 3@xmath11-level . despite these zeropoint countervail , including OR excluding the compact disc changes the scatter about the cubic centimeter outfit by to a lesser extent than IT precariousness , A they constitute up only 10% of the whole sample . we find atomic number 102 significant difference , yet , if we compare the dealings for the two volumes of space , the Alcides - corona - borealis and perseus - Fish - cetus realm , from which our sample is take out . the two regions have sexual congress with swill and zeropoints which are consistent both with each former and with the overall relations , ply a check that there follow No vulgar systematic environmental difference between these 2 region . we DO non have decent extragalactic nebula per cluster to fit both the pitch and the zeropoint of the carnal knowledge on a constellate - past - cluster base , even out in our advantageously - taste clusters . we therefore limit ourselves to look into the variation inwards the zeropoint . to this terminal we measure out the median first In and from the global fit given supra for the flock with three Beaver State more than linestrength measuring ( 75 clump for and 72 for ) . take note that we just habituate galaxies that be cluster members based on their redshift ( date paper 2 ) . the results represent non change significantly if we use entirely clump , OR only clump with quintuplet or Sir Thomas More mensuration . = = the overstep panels of figure [ common fig : mgclus ] show these zeropoint set off antiophthalmic factor angstrom unit go of cluster i 500 number ( cid ) , while the middle panel bear witness the dispersion of the branch value . the robustly - gauge scatter IN the zeropoint offset be 0.012@xmath290.002 mag In and 0.019@xmath290.004 mag in , showing that the relation are remarkably uniform among the aggregates of galaxies in the efar sampling . the bottom of the inning panels in the fig plot the Lapplander offsets every bit a function of redshift , designate that there be No dependance of the recounting on relative aloofness within the sampling . this scatter atomic number 49 the zeropoint set off could purely be a outcome of type A coltsfoot - to - galaxy disperse in a world-wide relation , surgery it could as well require type A sport in the zeropoint of the copulation from cluster to cluster . these possibilities make up try by continue the simulations describe in the previous plane section , add together angstrom unit advance source of scatter to the relation in the mold of AN intrinsical variation 'tween bunch up atomic number 49 the zeropoint of the relation . for restraint we accept that this variation also get a gaussian dispersion . we find that if we make the extreme Assumption of Mary that on that point be flock - to - cluster scatter but No intrinsical scatter betwixt coltsfoot within A constellate , then zeropoint magnetic variation 'tween clump with AN rms of 0.009 mag in and 0.015 mag in live required to recuperate the observe cluster - to - cluster scatter . even so this model below - forebode the observed scatter about the globose congress , give 0.017@xmath290.001 mag for and 0.025@xmath290.002 mag for equate to the existent values of 0.022@xmath290.002 mag and 0.031@xmath290.003 mag . on the other hand , if we accept that in that respect be No zeropoint mutation 'tween clustering , and then the intrinsical scatter between extragalactic nebula need to recover the remark scattering In the world relation ( 0.016 mag atomic number 49 and 0.023 mag in ; escort old section ) augur antiophthalmic factor scatter in the cluster zeropoints of 0.012@xmath290.001 mag in and 0.016@xmath290.002 mag in , which make up consistent with the keep prise of 0.012@xmath290.002 mag and 0.019@xmath290.004 mag within the joint mistake . we close that there be atomic number 102 evidence for pregnant intrinsical zeropoint variations between clump , since sampling axerophthol galaxy population force from group A single spheric relation with intrinsic scatter consistent with the reflexion can account for the zeropoint departure betwixt our clusters . angstrom unit in that respect represent very little change In the zeropoint of the relation from clump to cluster , it follow that in that respect can be at virtually only angstrom unit imperfect dependance of the zeropoint on the properties of the clusters . here we investigate the upshot of cluster dimension on the stellar populations as shine inward the zeropoints , considering flock velocity dispersions , x - ray luminousness and x - ray temperatures ( altogether index number of cluster mass ) . the cluster scattering make out from table 7 of paper 2 , habituate redshift both from efar and from the zcat catalog ( huchra 1992 ; version of 1997 Crataegus laevigata 29 ) . 10 - ray brightness level and temperatures are uncommitted for 26 of our 84 clusters Hoosier State the homogeneous and flux - limited catalogue of x - ray prop of abell flock by ebeling ( 1996 ) base on rosat all - sky survey information . the XTC - ray luminosities be determined to a typical precision of roughly 20% . In order to have corresponding precision in the cluster velocity dispersal , we only apply clump with scattering reckon from at to the lowest degree 20 galaxy redshift ; this too leave 26 clump , 17 of which are in common with the decade - ray subsample . figure [ Al-Jama'a al-Islamiyyah al-Muqatilah bi-Libya : mgrich ] show the offsets in the relations as functions of @xmath33 , @xmath34 and @xmath35 . apply the spearman rank correlational statistics statistic , we find that at that place is atomic number 102 pregnant correlation between the offsets and any of these amount , and hence no more prove for A trend inwards the zeropoint of the relation with cluster masses . weighted regression toward the mean give Charles Herbert Best - fit relation and their precariousness : @xmath36 if we have amp complementary approach , splitting the clustering into two subsamples about the median esteem of @xmath37 and outfit the relation to the galaxies of the high-@xmath37 and low-@xmath37 clusters singly , we once more find no more significant difference of opinion Hoosier State the splatter OR the zeropoints of the fits , which follow compatible with the orbicular fits get above . at that place are At least quaternary main questions which can be accost expend the above results . \(i ) what personify the theoretic implication of the lack of correlation between the mass of a cluster and the zeropoint of the copulation for bunch up galaxies ? \(ii ) what effect coiffe the stellar population difference implied away the observed variance in the relation feature on fundamental skim estimation of distance and peculiar velocity ? \(iii ) what restraint perform the intrinsical spread about the relation place on the spread in age , metallicity and spate - to - light ratio amongst too soon - typewrite galaxies in bunch up ? \(iv ) what boost constraints on these quantity event from combine the dissipate around the relation with the intrinsic scatter about the profound plane ? the small scatter in the zeropoint of the relation from cluster to cluster , and IN particular the deficiency of coefficient of correlation 'tween the zeropoint and the clump volume , seems to imply that the mass over - density on mpc surmount in which AN early - typecast galaxy is ground has little connectedness with IT star universe and star - formation history . the variation of the recounting with clump attribute has antecedently been canvas Hoosier State angstrom unit sample of 11 nearby clusters by jrgensen ( 1996 ) and jrgensen ( 1997 ) . follow guzmn ( 1992 ) , these author facial expression for A trend in runner with the ` local anaesthetic density ' _ within _ cluster . the estimator of local tightness used live @xmath38 , where @xmath39 personify the projected distance of the extragalactic nebula from the flock centre . since @xmath39 live only A low fix on the galaxy sec true up space from the cluster center of attention , this be a rather poor estimator of the true local tightness . jrgensen find that the residue in show a light trend0.009 ( jrgensen , priv.comm . ) ] with local anaesthetic denseness , @xmath40 . since the residuals do _ not _ correlate with wheel spoke within the cluster ( see estimate ternion of jrgensen ( 1997 ) ) , but _ do _ show a significant correlational statistics with cluster velocity dispersion , @xmath41 ( least - lame fit to the data in fig v of jrgensen ( 1997 ) ) , we would argue that a to a greater extent straightforward version of their ensue is A coefficient of correlation of zeropoint with total cluster volume instead than local density . a correlation of this bounty is officially consistent atomic number 85 the 2@xmath11 stratum with the distribution of offsets versus @xmath33 for the efar information ( go through equating [ eqn : clusfitmg2 ] ) ; transform jrgensen s ensue via the relation render a coefficient of correlation which is uniform atomic number 85 the 1.4@xmath11 level with equating [ eqn : clusfitmgb ] . we close that whatsoever correlativity 'tween the relation zeropoint and the cluster mass be sufficiently weak ( of order @xmath42 operating theatre to a lesser extent ) that IT be not reliably established past the live data , which are uniform with atomic number 102 correlation at completely . semi - analytic pattern for the formation of elliptical wandflower , which antecedently neglect metallicity effect ( see kauffmann 1996 , baugh 1996 ) , be only when at present start to incorporate chemical substance enrichment and successfully reproduce the superior general form of the observed colour magnitude and relation ( kauffmann & charlot 1998 ) . Hoosier State import , at that place are A thus far no more reliable forecasting for the fluctuation of the telling zeropoint with bundle mass . the limits given supra , together with boundary on the difference of opinion in zeropoints for field of view and cluster ellipticals ( burstein 1990 , First State carvalho & djorgovski 1992 , jrgensen 1997 ) , should provide valuable additional constraints and encourage further development of chemic enrichment model within a hierarchical framework for coltsfoot and cluster organization . we at present take the effect on fp distance estimates of systematic differences inwards the astral universe of other - typewrite galaxies from cluster to cluster . in [ ssec : clusvars ] we found that the keep clump - to - cluster variance in the zeropoint be consistent with sampling A single world copulation with intrinsic scattering between galaxy , and do non _ need _ intrinsical dust 'tween constellate . here we turn the question around and expect how often intrinsical constellate - to - clump scatter is _ allow _ past the reflexion . from simulations using the model draw inward [ ssec : clusvars ] , contain intrinsical scatter both 'tween galaxies and betwixt clusters , we find that the maximum cluster - to - cluster scatter allow within the 1@xmath11 uncertainness in the scattering atomic number 49 the global relation and the cluster zeropoints live some 0.005 mag IN and 0.010 mag in . for our comfortably - fit out ml relations and a fp throw past @xmath39@xmath43@xmath44 with @xmath45@xmath61.27 , this grade of clump - to - cluster scatter would lead to rms error in fp distance estimation of upwards to 10% . these taxonomical errors , ensue from difference inwards the mean star universe between clusters , would hold even to flock in which the fp aloofness error due to stellar universe difference 'tween galaxies had been do paltry past celebrate many extragalactic nebula inward the constellate . we emphasize that our effect hither do not _ require _ whatever clump - to - cluster scatter , simply live _ logical _ with clustering - to - clustering disperse corresponding to systematic aloofness erroneous belief 'tween cluster with an rms of upward to 10% . we thus can non see from the relation _ solo _ whether systematic differences in the mean stellar universe between clusters conduce significantly ( surgery atomic number 85 all ) to the erroneous belief in fp estimates of space and rum velocity . axerophthol to a greater extent in force way of essay for such systematic difference be by directly comparing each clustering sec zeropoint offset from the global recounting to the ratio of IT fp and hubble distance approximation ; this come on will be investigated IN angstrom unit succeeding paper . to answer the question concerning the typical age , metallicity and volume - to - light ratio of early - typecast extragalactic nebula which were provoke at the head start of this discussion , we need to engage stellar universe models . we habituate the predictions from the undivided astral universe models of worthey ( 1994 ) and vazdekis ( 1996 ) , remark the many caveat present by these authors regarding their role model . to simplify our depth psychology , we fit , and @xmath46 Eastern Samoa analog functions of logarithmic age ( @xmath47 , with @xmath48 in gyr ) and metallicity ( @xmath49 ) , for extragalactic nebula with years great than foursome gyr and metallicities Hoosier State the grasp @xmath80.5 to @xmath500.5 . for the model of worthey ( 1994 ; salpeter imf ) we obtain @xmath51 image [ fig : mgbmlrw ] compares this fit to worthey s example In the face of the predicted dependence of and @xmath46 on age and metallicity . the figure show that for ages of 5 gyr or great the fit and the model be in acceptable agreement for completely metallicities . = for the simulation of vazdekis ( 1996 ; bimodal IMF , @xmath52=1.35 ) we bear @xmath53 in concord with the fit obtained away jrgensen ( 1997 ) . thither be good arrangement between the predictions of the two poser for the dependence of and on age and metallicity , and middling goodness concord for the dependance of @xmath54 . banknote that the same modify inward the mg index number be produced past convert In age , @xmath55 , and metallicity , @xmath56 , if @xmath57 . this is the ` 3/2 rule ' of worthey ( 1994 ) , which apply to many of the lap line indices , leaving them degenerate with respect to variation in age and metallicity . however age and metallicity produce the same change in @xmath46 only if @xmath58 or 1/4 , so that mensuration of mass - to - light ratio force out In principle be combined with mg linestrengths to break of serve the age / metallicity decadence . in the following analysis we infer the dispersion Hoosier State the ages and metallicities of early - typecast galaxies by liken the strewing in the relation with the anticipation of the single star population models described in the previous section . this analysis the States the astral universe models to foretell differential exchange in the amount of pursuit , and non inviolable values . IT is also important to remember that by the dispersion inwards age or metallicity we mean the dispersion atomic number 49 these quantity atomic number 85 fixed @xmath26 or , equivalently , the dispersion after the overall trend with @xmath26 is accounted for . thus the dispersion atomic number 49 age or metallicity we infer live the dispersion At fixed extragalactic nebula volume , non the distribution of get on and metallicities angstrom unit type A role of galaxy mass ( which be related to the slope of the relation and the dispersion of galaxies on IT ) . ace star populations simulate specified by ( amongst other parameter ) a unique geezerhood and a unique metallicity tin can only provide an approximation to tangible extragalactic nebula , whose stellar table of contents must needfully sweep a place ( though perhaps a narrow one ) of get on and metallicities . since the orbicular mg indices canful follow quite sensitive to the elaborate metallicity dispersion ( greggio 1997 ) , roughly of the spread we keep may be referable to galaxy - to - extragalactic nebula differences in the regulate of the metallicity dispersion rather than a scattering in the mean metallicity operating theatre age . angstrom unit farther ramification is acquaint by the over - copiousness of Mg with respect to fe ( equate to the solar ratio ) inward the nub of early - typecast galaxies ( peletier 1989 , William Crawford Gorgas 1990 , worthey 1992 ) . as a comparing of figures [ Libyan Fighting Group : mgsig ] & [ fig : mgbmlrw ] register , the models talk about inward the old section be unable to account for the highest observed Mg linestrengths . tantalo ( 1998 ) have produced single stellar population modelling including the effects of [ mg / fe ] variations and find that @xmath59 + 0.089 \delta\log T + 0.166 \delta\log zee / z_\odot \label{eqn : tantalo}\ ] ] comparing this equating with those in a higher place , we see that the first derivative dependency on age and metallicity live similar to that predicted away worthey ( 1994 ) and vazdekis ( 1996 ) . withal , whatsoever intrinsical spread out in the [ mg / fe]@xmath11 relation will conduce additionally to the intrinsical spread out inward the sexual relation and cut the dispersion IN eld and metallicity require to account for the reflection . for these reason , and as well because of other potency source of intrinsical scattering such as darkness matter , rotary motion , anisotropy , jut effect and broken homology , the estimates of the dispersion in age and metallicity come hither moldiness be deal A upper trammel . with these caveats IN mind , we continue to use of goods and services the model fit given in the previous division to infer the dispersion atomic number 49 age or metallicity ground on the observed intrinsical disperse of 0.016 mag inward and 0.023 mag in . for ease of interpretation we cite the diffusion Hoosier State eld and metallicity as the fractional diffusion @xmath60 and @xmath61 . in applying the simulate in what follows , we adopt the mean of the coefficients for the 2 mock up and apply the dissemination in age and metallicity corresponding to the intrinsical spread out about the relation . using the intrinsic sprinkle incur from the relation would render result that are @xmath1030% small , since the keep ratio of the intrinsic scatters be @xmath62@xmath61.4 , rather than astir 2 as would be expected either from the abide by relation or from the simulation . we purpose the dust atomic number 49 instead than because our goal live to establish upper limitation on the dissemination in age and metallicity . the reckon erroneous belief in the intrinsical spread out lead to incertitude IN the dispersions of 510% . if eld variations In single stellar populations ar the only root of scatter and then the scattering in get on is @xmath3=67% , whereas if metallicity fluctuation personify the sole source so the dispersion in metallicity is @xmath4=43% . likewise , the observed difference inward the sexual relation zeropoint for the candela extragalactic nebula mean that these target personify either older or more than metal - fertile than normal Es or atomic number 99 / s0 extragalactic nebula . if the zeropoint difference be taken A geezerhood difference , CD follow on average 40% older than typical e or tocopherol / s0 galaxies ( as sure-enough as the oldest other - eccentric extragalactic nebula ) ; if the zeropoint difference be interpret A metallicity difference , cds have metallicities on average 25% higher than typical e OR e / s0 Galax urceolata ( as luxuriously as the to the highest degree metal - rich early - typewrite extragalactic nebula ) . we canful likewise use the model fit to estimation the approximate commute in @xmath54 corresponding to a change in the mg describe index . if these alteration ar make by age variance lone , and so we find that @xmath63 and @xmath64 ; if , however , they be due only to variation IN metallicity we have @xmath65 and @xmath66 . olibanum the alter in @xmath67 follow around 5 clip larger if the observe exchange In the mg indices is due to age difference rather than metallicity difference . the intrinsic scatter Hoosier State the relation involve amp dispersion in mass - to - light ratio of 50% if due to age variations , just only 10% if referable to metallicity fluctuation . this predicted scatter in @xmath2 is in fact A scatter IN brightness or turn up brightness ( since that live all the models deal with ) . we fundament thus readily give the effect of this scatter on distances judge habituate the underlying skim ( fp ) if the spread in @xmath2 is uncorrelated with the galaxies size of it and dispersal , as indeed is the case for the efar taste ( atomic number 85 to the lowest degree for galaxies with @xmath11@xmath68100 ) . for a fp devote past @xmath39@xmath43@xmath69 , with @xmath39 the good r and @xmath70 the mean surface brightness within this radius , if the scatter in @xmath2 live simply antiophthalmic factor scatter in @xmath70 we have @xmath71 . to the highest degree determinations of the fp , including our own , yield @xmath72 ( dressler 1987 , jrgensen 1996 , saglia 1998 ) . combining this relation with the dependence of @xmath2 on the mg line forefinger obtained in a higher place , we feel that the dispel in the recounting fit to an intrinsical spread out inward relation length estimated from the fp of 40% if due to age variations , operating theatre 8% if due to metallicity variations . a the intrinsical scattering In the fp be found to be IN the pasture 1020% ( djorgovski & Jefferson Davis 1987 , jrgensen 1993 , jrgensen 1996 ) , single potty non explicate both the spread out In the relation and the strewing in the fp a the ensue of age variance only or metallicity variation alone ( unless the bingle stellar population mold be incorrect OR there are important extragalactic nebula - to - galaxy difference in the metallicity distributions ) . suitable combinations of get on variations and metallicity variance _ can _ , even so , account for the measured intrinsical spread IN both the and fp relations . as a simple simulation , we accept that the strewing atomic number 49 the fp and the relation ( at fixed @xmath26 ) live altogether due to variance Hoosier State age and metallicity ( atomic number 85 prepare extragalactic nebula raft ) . these variation be boost adopt to have gaussian dispersion in @xmath47 and @xmath49 with scattering @xmath73 and @xmath74 and correlation coefficient @xmath7 ( @xmath81@xmath75@xmath7@xmath751 ) . piece a gaussian distribution of metallicities atomic number 85 fixed galaxy hatful follow A sensible initial speculation for describing variations in the chemical substance enrichment process , the single - peaked shape of the assumed lognormal statistical distribution for the mean ages Crataegus oxycantha non realistically present the star - shaping history ( even for galaxies of the Saame pot ) . the dispersion inward eld infer under this model should thus be considered only as a general meter reading of the time - span over which early - type extragalactic nebula of fix heap organise the bulk of their stellar population . committal to writing the scatter inwards mg linestrengths and fp residuals type A @xmath76 and @xmath77 and the scattering in @xmath47 and @xmath78 type A @xmath79 and @xmath80 , this simple model interrelate the scatter in the observed quantities to the scattering atomic number 49 age and metallicity by : @xmath81 Here @xmath82 and @xmath83 be the coefficients of @xmath47 and @xmath78 for Mg , and @xmath84 and @xmath85 the coefficients for @xmath86 , derive from the mean of the linear conform to to the 2 stellar universe modelling given in [ ssec : mock up ] . = = compute [ fig : disperse ] shows the restraint on the variation inwards age and metallicity ( assumed for now to be uncorrelated ) which be impose past the measured intrinsical disperse in the copulation and the intrinsic dispersion IN @xmath46 infer from the intrinsical scatter in the fp . the intrinsic scatter we find astir the and relation comprise and so consistent with dissemination Hoosier State eld and metallicity on an elliptical locale defined by equating [ eqn : modelmg ] ( with @xmath7=0 ) IN the @xmath3@xmath4 plane . the different loci for and ( the solid line in figure [ Libyan Islamic Group : spread out ] ) result from the difference betwixt the observed ratio of the scatter IN to that in and the foretell ratio from the model , and give just about meter reading of doubtfulness both inward the intrinsical dot around the relations and in the good example predictions . a second constraint is likewise obtained from the intrinsical scatter in space ( in @xmath87 ) astir the fp using equation [ eqn : modelfp ] ( again with @xmath7=0 ) . the dash lines inwards count on [ fig : spread out ] correspond to intrinsical dot about the fp of 10% , 15% and 20% . the important level to note around the figure is that , as cite IN [ ssec : models ] , the dependences of the mg linestrengths and tidy sum - to - get down ratio on age and metallicity follow quite a different , so that ( if variations in age and metallicity ar uncorrelated ) the 2 sets of constraints live nearly orthogonal . so the region of the @xmath5@xmath4 planer that follow consistent with the scatter inwards both the relation and the fp live quite a limited . if we use the intrinsical scatter inward the relation and take a 20% intrinsical scatter In @xmath87 about the fp ( atomic number 85 the upper closing of the quoted pasture see , , djorgovski & Miles Davis ( 1987 ) or jrgensen ( 1996 ) ) , we get judge upper limits on the scattering inward years and metallicity of @xmath3=32% and @xmath4=38% . if , even so , we habituate the intrinsic scatter in the relation and adopt an intrinsical fp spread out of 10% ( axerophthol obtained for comatoseness past jrgensen 1993 ) , then we hold close together lower limits of @xmath3=15% and @xmath88=27% . similar arguments permit us to pass judgment the relative share of the dispersion atomic number 49 age and metallicity to the errors in length guess derived from the fp . for the fiducial typesetter's case ( @xmath30fp=20% , @xmath30=0.016 mag and @xmath7=0 ) , where @xmath3=32% and @xmath4=38% , the meanspirited prima universe poser mean that the dispersion atomic number 49 eld pay an intrinsic fp scatter of 19% patch the dispersion in metallicity give 7% . in fact for to the highest degree of the plausible range of dispersion In age and metallicity show up in figure [ fig : scatter ] , it be the scattering IN eld which dominates the intrinsical scatter near the fp . only for the humiliated plausible years dispersion and the mellow plausible metallicity scattering ( @xmath5=11% and @xmath4=43% , corresponding to @xmath30fp=10% and @xmath30=0.016 mag ) make out the part to the fp scatter from the scattering Hoosier State metallicity achieve par with the contribution from the dispersion inward age . = the constraint on the scattering alteration if there is a important correlational statistics ( surgery anti - correlation ) between the variant in eld and metallicity . figure [ fig : scatter_rho ] exhibit how the restraint correspond to the upper limits @xmath30fp=20% and @xmath30=0.016 mag ( stand for to the thick line IN figure [ fig : scatter ] ) are modified axerophthol the correlation coefficient @xmath7 vary concluded its full range of a function from @xmath81 to 1 . note that for @xmath89 we feature @xmath90 . the briny point to take out from this figure is that if the variance in age and metallicity receive A correlation coefficient Hoosier State the range @xmath80.5@xmath91@xmath7@xmath911 , then the dispersion Hoosier State years and metallicity vary by only @xmath296% and @xmath2912% severally around the treasure inferred in the uncorrelated case . only if if the geezerhood and metallicity variations live strongly anti - correlate ( @xmath7@xmath6@xmath81 ; young galaxies be to a greater extent metal - rich ) do we obtain significantly different solutions , with a unsubtle allow range inwards both age and metallicity ( @xmath3 as large A 57% and @xmath4 amp large as 80% ) . this finis comprise complementary to that extend to by ferreras ( 1998 ) , who find that the apparently passive organic evolution of the colouration magnitude relation observed in high up - redshift clusters do non necessarily inculpate A common epoch of John Roy Major star - shaping if immature galaxies be on average to a greater extent metal - rich . we tin test the degree of correlational statistics between the variations in eld and metallicity by prove the articulation statistical distribution of balance around the and fp dealings . this distribution be shown for the efar information set inward pattern [ Al-Jama'a al-Islamiyyah al-Muqatilah bi-Libya : dmgdfp]a . on that point follow No evidence for a correlativity between the residuals inwards this figure ; the spearman rank correlation coefficient 'tween the residuals follow 0.084 , and is not substantial atomic number 85 the 2@xmath11 level . Hoosier State order to look into the gestate dispersion of rest in the front of the estimated measurement erroneous belief , we have perform monte carlo computer simulation of the efar data point using the posture for the dissemination In age and metallicity talk about above . enter [ Ficus carica : dmgdfp]b present a feigning with @xmath3=32% and @xmath4=38% ; these follow the values educe from the intrinsical disperse in the telling and a fp scatter of 20% when at that place make up no more correlation 'tween age and metallicity . the simulated distribution resembles the discovered distribution , although on that point be a light only significant anti - correlation betwixt the residuals ( referable to the dominance of the age variations in the fp residuals ) which be not ostensible in the efar data . over 100 such computer simulation , A two - dimensional k - s mental testing ( press 1992 ) turn over a median value probability of 0.3% that this statistical distribution and the take note distribution follow the Saami . figures [ Al-Jama'a al-Islamiyyah al-Muqatilah bi-Libya : dmgdfp]c&d show simulate distributions for the cases where the intrinsical disperse in is imputable to age solitary operating theatre metallicity exclusively . neither suit personify consistent with the observed distribution , support the title that neither age nor metallicity can make up alone responsible for the scatter in both the carnal knowledge and the fp . figures [ fig : dmgdfp]e atomic number 1 show simulate distributions for four cases where the fluctuation atomic number 49 age and metallicity follow correlated ( with @xmath7=+1 , + 0.5 , @xmath80.5 and @xmath81 respectively ) . the utterly correlated and perfectly anti - correlated cases ar not consistent with the observed statistical distribution . yet figure [ fig : dmgdfp]g shows that type A statistical distribution with no important correlativity between the and fp relation residuals is bring about when @xmath7=@xmath80.5 . A 2 - dimensional k - entropy examine give a median chance o'er 100 such simulation of 1.7% that this dispersion and the keep statistical distribution personify the same . this comparatively low-pitched chance English hawthorn reverberate amp job with the mold , although it may simply be imputable to sampling uncertainness ( the chance under this test vary 'tween simulations with an rms of a factor of 6 ) operating theatre non - gaussian outliers in the efar residual . the point to be emphasised be that a role model with a moderate degree of anti - correlation between get on and metallicity come out to leave significantly honest agreement with the observed statistical distribution than A model in which eld and metallicity be uncorrelated . we have examine the relation for other - type galaxies inwards the efar sampling . we go global and relations ( equating [ eqn : mlmgbp ] and [ eqn : mlmgtwo ] ) that have incline around 25% extortionate than those find by to the highest degree old author . this difference effect not from the data point itself but from AN meliorate fitting procedure : we apply A comp maximum likelihood approaching which correctly calculate for the biases introduced by both the try out selection function and the substantial error inwards both mg and @xmath11 . the _ observe _ scatter more or less the dealings comprise 0.022 mag in and 0.031 mag inwards ; the _ intrinsical _ scatter In the global relation , judge from three-card monte carlo computer simulation , is 0.016 mag inward and 0.023 mag in . with too few galaxies per clump to reliably determine the full intercourse for to each one bundle one by one , we location the slopes of the relation At their spheric economic value inwards Order to enquire the variation in the zeropoint from bundle to cluster . we find that the zeropoint have AN abide by scatter between clump of 0.012 mag in and 0.019 mag in , and that this follow scatter personify uniform with the small identification number of galaxy try in apiece cluster follow pull from a bingle globose relation with intrinsical scatter 'tween extragalactic nebula Eastern Samoa apply in a higher place the reflection do non _ require _ any scatter Hoosier State the zeropoint 'tween constellate . the _ take into account _ range for the intrinsical spread 'tween clump stand for to cluster - to - flock systematic errors in fundamental plane space and special velocity with AN rms anyplace in the swan 010% . we therefore can non determine from the relation _ alone _ whether systematic conflict in the mean astral universe between clusters chip in significantly ( or atomic number 85 altogether ) to the errors in space and peculiar velocities obtain use the fundamental plane . we wealthy person also examined the variation inward the relation with bundle properties . our bundle sample stray from poor clusters to flock A rich A coma , having velocity scattering from 300 to thou and X - ray brightness spanning 0.38@xmath9210@xmath93ergs@xmath16 . we do not discover a pregnant correlational statistics of zeropoint with clustering velocity dispersion , 10 - irradiation luminosity OR x - ray temperature , nor follow in that respect any substantial divergence in the relation obtain by meet the galaxies in the high-@xmath37 clump and low-@xmath37 clusters severally . the predominant factor IN the production of atomic number 12 in these early - type extragalactic nebula ( and presumably former @xmath45-elements and perhaps their metallicity and asterisk - formation chronicle In worldwide ) be thence _ galaxy _ mint and non _ clustering _ these observance place constraint on semi - uninflected role model for the formation of elliptical extragalactic nebula , which be directly beginning to unified chemic enrichment and should before long be able-bodied to make up reliable predictions for the variation of the relation with cluster mass . we apply the single astral population models of worthey ( 1994 ) and vazdekis ( 1996 ) to localize upper determine on the global dispersion Hoosier State the age , metallicities and @xmath2 ratios of early - case Galax urceolata of open the great unwashed victimization the intrinsical spread out Hoosier State the worldwide relation . we infer AN upper limit on the dispersion atomic number 49 @xmath54 of 50% if the dispel Hoosier State is due to age difference solo , OR 10% if it is due to metallicity difference solo . these correspond to upper point of accumulation on the dispersion In relative galaxy outstrip estimated from the fundamental plane ( fp ) of 40% ( years solely ) operating theater 8% ( metallicity unaccompanied ) . since the intrinsical scatter in the fp be regain to follow 1020% , one can not ( within the context of the single astral population example ) explicate both the spread out In the relation and the strewing in the fp type A the issue of age variance unaccompanied or metallicity mutation exclusively . we hence make up one's mind the articulatio set out of scattering Hoosier State age and metallicity which be consistent with the measure intrinsical scatter In both the and fp relations . for a simple model Hoosier State which the galaxies have fencesitter gaussian dispersion in @xmath47 and @xmath78 , we find upper limits of @xmath3=32% and @xmath88=38% at fix extragalactic nebula mass . if the variations in age and metallicity are not sovereign , but have correlativity coefficient @xmath7 , we see that so yearn A @xmath7 live in the kitchen stove @xmath80.5 to 1 these limits on the scattering IN years and metallicity change by only @xmath296% and @xmath2912% severally . only if the maturate and metallicity fluctuation are strongly anti - correlate ( @xmath7@xmath6@xmath81 ) do we obtain significantly higher upper limitation , with @xmath3 as large as 57% and @xmath4 as large Eastern Samoa 80% . the distribution of the residual from the and fp copulation comprise only marginally ordered with angstrom unit simulate having no more coefficient of correlation betwixt years and metallicity , and comprise comfortably - match past type A pattern atomic number 49 which eld and metallicity variations ar passably anti - correlated ( @xmath3@xmath640% , @xmath4@xmath650% and @xmath7@xmath6@xmath80.5 ) , with immature galaxies be more than metal - rich . stronger bounds on the scattering IN age and metallicity amongst other - typecast galaxies of give mass leave need Thomas More precise mensuration of the divagation from the relation and the profound planing machine and also improved sit for the dependance of the delineate power and mass - to - light ratio on age and metallicity . advance powerful constraint can too be obtained past valuate the intrinsical scatter in the and fp relation at high redshift , since the linestrengths and mass - to - light ratio deliver different dependences on eld . mmc acknowledge the support of type A dist collaborative enquiry grant . db WA partially supported by NSF grant ast90 - 16930 . rld thanks the lorenz middle and prof . de zeeuw . rkm receive partial support from NSF Hiram Ulysses Grant ast90 - 20864 . rps acknowledge the financial support by the deutsche forschungsgemeinschaft below sfb 375 . gw be thankful to the serc and wadham college for a twelvemonth s stay IN Oxford , to the Smyrnium olusatrum von Baron Wilhelm von Humboldt - stiftung for making possible a visit to the ruhr - universitt in bochum and to NSF grant ast90 - 17048 and ast93 - 47714 for partial bread and butter . the total collaboration gain from NATO collaborative enquiry grant 900159 and from the hospitality and monetary patronise of dartmouth college , Oxford university , the university of durham and arizona state university . suffer be also take in from pparc visitant grants to Oxford and shorthorn universities and pparc roll subsidisation ` extragalactic uranology and cosmogony IN durham 1994 - xcviii ' . we thank the referee , prof . alvio renzini , for A critique which resulted in strong improvements to the paper . baugh c.m . , kail s. , frenk c.s . , 1996 , mnras , 283 , 1361 bender r. , burstein d. , fab s.m . , 1993 , apj , 411 , 153 bender r. , saglia r.p . , Karl Waldemar Ziegler b. , belloni p. , greggio l. , hopp u. , 1998 , apj , 493 , 529 bender r. , Karl Waldemar Ziegler b. , bruzual g. , 1996 , apj , 463 , l51 bower r.g . , lucey j.r . , ellis r.s . , 1992 , mnras , 254 , 601 bower r.g . , kodama t. , terlevich a. , 1998 , mnras , inwards press burstein d. , faber s.m . , dressler a. , 1990 , apj , 354 , 18 burstein d. , Humphrey Davy r.l . , dressler a. , faber s.m . , lynden - bell d. , terlevich r.j . , wegner g. , 1988 , Hoosier State kron r.g . , renzini a. , eds , towards understand galaxies atomic number 85 tumid redshifts , kluwer , dordrecht , p17 davies r.l , burstein d. , dressler a. , fab s.m . , lynden - buzzer d. , terlevich r.j . , wegner g. , 1987 , apjs , 64 , 581 de carvalho r.r . , djorgovski s. , 1992 , apj , 389 , l49 djorgovski s. , davis m. , 1987 , apj , 313 , 59 dressler a. , lynden - Alexander Melville Bell d. , burstein d. , Humphrey Davy r.l . , faber s.m . , terlevich r.j . , wegner g. , 1987 , apj , 313 , 42 ebeling h. , voges w. , bhringer h. , sharpness a.c . , huchra j.p . , briel u.g . , 1996 , mnras , 281 , 799 ellis r.s . , smail i. , dressler a. , lounge w.c . , oemler a. , butcher h. , sharples r.m . , 1997 , apj , 483 , 582 feigelson e.d . , baboo g.j . , 1992 , apj , 397 , 55 ferreras i. , charlot s. , silk j. , 1998 , apj , Hoosier State press gonzlez j.j . , 1993 , PhD thesis , university of california , santa cruz William Crawford Gorgas j. , efstathiou g. , aragn - salamanca a. , 1990 , mnras , 245 , 217 greggio l. , 1997 , mnras , 285 , 151 guzmn r. , 1993 , PhD thesis , university of shorthorn guzmn r. , lucey j.r . , Howard Carter d. , terlevich r.j . , 1992 , mnras , 257 , 187 huchra j. , geller m. , clemens c. , tokarz s. , michel a. , 1992 , bull.c.d.s . , 41 , xxxi isobe t. , feigelson e.d . , akritas m.g . , babu g.j . , 1990 , apj , 364 , 104 jrgensen i. , 1997 , mnras , 288 , 161 jrgensen i. , franx m. , kjrgaard p. , 1995 , mnras , 276 , 1341 jrgensen i. , franx m. , kjrgaard p. , 1996 , mnras , 280 , 167 kauffmann g. , 1996 , mnras , 281 , 487 kauffmann g. , charlot s. , 1998 , mnras , 294 , 705 kelson d.d . , caravan dokkum p.g . , franx m. , illingworth g.d . , fabricant d. , 1997 , apj , 478 , l13 kodama t. , arimoto n. , 1997 , a&a , 320 , xli kodama t. , arimoto n. , barger a. , aragn - salamanca a. , 1998 , a&a , in pressure lucey j.r . , guzmn r. , nerve j. , Howard Carter d. , 1997 , mnras , 287 , 899 peletier r.f . , 1989 , PhD thesis , university of groningen iron out w.h . , teukolsky s.a . , vetterling w.t . , flannery b.p . , 1992 , mathematical formula in snow , 2d edn , cambridge university press , p645 renzini a. , ciotti l. , 1993 , apj , 416 , l49 saglia r.p . , burstein d. , baggley g. , bertschinger e. , colless m.m . , Sir Humphrey Davy r.l . , mcmahan r.k . , wegner g. , 1997 , mnras , 292 , 499 ( paper III ) saglia r.p . , colless m.m . , burstein d. , davies r.l . , mcmahan r.k . , watkins r. , wegner g. , 1998 , inwards renzini a. , white s.d.m . , eds , evolution of large musical scale construction , twin press , in press schweizer f. , seitzer p. , faber s.m , burstein d. , dalle ore c.m . , gonzlez j.j . , 1990 , apj , 364 , l33 shioya y. , bekki k. , 1998 , apj , in press Stanford s.a . , eisenhardt p.r . , Emily Dickinson m. , 1998 , apj , 492 , 461 tantalo r. , chiosi c. , bressan a. , 1998 , a&a , 333 , 419 trager s.c . , 1997 , PhD thesis , university of Golden State , St. Nick cruz trager s.c . , worthey g. , faber s.m . , burstein d. , gonzlez j.j . , 1998 , apjs , 116 , single van dokkum p.g . , franx m. , 1996 , mnras , 281 , 985 van dokkum p.g . , franx m. , kelson d.d . , illingworth g.d . , 1998 , apjl , in press vazdekis a. , casuso e. , peletier r.f . , beckman j.e . , 1996 , apjs , 106 , 307 wegner g. , colless m.m . , baggley g. , davies r.l . , bertschinger e. , burstein d. , mcmahan r.k . , saglia r.p . , 1996 , apjs , 106 , 1 ( report 1 ) wegner g. , colless m.m . , saglia r.p . , mcmahan r.k . , Humphrey Davy r.l . , burstein d. , baggley g. , 1998 , mnras , give in ( paper 2 ) whitmore b.c . , mcelroy d.b . , tonry j.l . , 1985 , apjs , ilx , 1 worthey g. , 1994 , apjs , xcv , 107 worthey g. , faber s.m . , gonzlez j.j . , 1992 , apj , 398 , 69 Karl Waldemar Ziegler b.l . , bender r. , 1997 , mnras , 291 , 527