for more than 60 geezerhood IT experience be well have sex that the quiet solar corona be heat up to a temperature of nigh XII million kelvins while the seeable surface of the sunbathe is roughly 250 times ice chest ( grotrian 1939 ; edlen 1942 ; phillips , 1995 ) . IT bear follow as well recognize that magnetic fields or waves play A key rle inwards the heating of the solar corona so that somehow convective energy In the photosphere live converted to thermal vitality IN the corona via magnetised fields operating theatre wave push . the primary election energy author for this wake must lie in the convection zone below the solar photosphere ( for instance comminute et Heart of Dixie . , 1991 ; golub & pasachoff 1998 ; aschwanden 2004 ) where there be 100 time as much energy available than that requisite to heat the corona ( @xmath0300w / m@xmath1 : withbroe & Alfred Noyes 1977 , aschwanden 2001 ) . currently , the disputation centres on whether the vigor to oestrus the St. Elmo's fire derives from dissipation of magnetoelectric machine - hydrodynamic ( mhd ) wave ( e.g. hollweg , 1981 ) Beaver State from legion small - shell magnetic reconnection effect giving procession to nanoflares ( parker , 1988 , aschwanden 2004 ) . IT has be regain theoretically that the fundamental interaction of the magnetised line of business with convective flowing in or infra the photosphere can bring about two typecast of magnetic fray In chaplet structures . firstly , the buff of magnetic liquify concentrations in the photosphere by granulation tissue bring forth mhd undulation which tin can circularise into magnetic flux underground and frivol away their get-up-and-go in the chromosphere or corona ( e.g. ofman et al . 1998 ) . secondly , in lei loops the random move of magnetic loop-the-loop foot - points fire produce twisting and braiding of coronal field lines , which generates field - array electric electric current that give the sack be dissipate resistively ( e.g. Dorothy Rothschild Parker 1972 , 1983 ; heyvaerts & priest 1983 ; van ballegooijen 1990 ) . the main difference 'tween these processes is that blood plasma inactivity plays A Francis Scott Key rle in wave extension , but is unimportant for the dynamic of field - adjust electric current on lei intertwine . so these typewrite of magnetic hot up chemical mechanism tin can be crudely classify as either wave - heating surgery flow - heat chemical mechanism . thither follow theoretical literary argument for both mechanics , but the data-based evidence for nano - flare heating be mayhap sounding to a lesser extent convincing than before . extrapolation of the identification number spectra of small flares pull down to microflares has be made to nano - burst out but the total energy , while tantalisingly close , live to the highest degree plausibly to a lesser extent than the required sum of money ( parnell et Heart of Dixie . several theoretical studies point that only high - absolute frequency mhd wave ( @xmath2hz ) are open of significant heat up ( e.g. O. Henry et Camellia State . 1994 , aschwanden 2004 ) . these waves experience been sought-after employ the atomic number 26 xiv William Green " line At 530.3 nm ( emitted At @xmath3 k ) and the fe disco biscuit red " line At 637.5 nm ( @xmath4 green ) . observance of high - frequency loudness oscillations of the chaplet complex body part bear been realize by pasachoff and colleagues ( immature line : pasachoff et atomic number 13 . , 1995 , 2000 , 2002 ) , by ruin and minarovjech ( leafy vegetable and red product line : ruin & minarovjech , 1991 , 1994 ) , by rudawy , phillips and workfellow ( green line of products , total occult inward 1999 and 2001 ; phillips et AL . , 2000 , williams et AL . , 2001 ; rudawy et Heart of Dixie . , 2001 ; William Carlos Williams et al . , 2002 ; rudawy et Heart of Dixie . , 2004 ) , and by singh et Camellia State . ( green and red lines : singh et Al . , 2009 ) . phillips and rudawy and their colleagues with their secis ( solar eclipse lei envision scheme ) ccd photographic camera tool have hold the high-pitched time resolution upward to now . the results of these investigating live pretty conflicting , with both positive degree and negative observance of oscillation ( e.g. pasachoff & landman 1984 ; koutchmy et al . 1994 ; cowsik et AL . 1999 ; Ted Williams et al . 2001 , 2002 ; rudawy et AL . space missions capable of comparable clip resolve measure have non been useable upwards to the present time , so employ strand - based equipment is still the only style of make such observations ( aschwanden , 2004 , klimchuk , 2006 ) . in this paper , we describe a set - up that will be apply to search for high - frequency garland vibration . we shall be making observations using the mid - sized coronagraph ( belonging to the astronomical institute of slovak academy of science Hoosier State tatranska lomnica : lexa , 1963 ) at lomnicky peak observatory . observance will be made IN the fe xiv green line using the secis instrument ( phillips et AL . 2000 ) , now have past the astronomical bring at the university of wrocaw , poland . the observational system on the lomnicky eyeshade lookout station consists of 3 main instrumental voice : the 20-cm lyot - typecast coronagraph , secis instrument ( two dissolute - frame - charge per unit ccd photographic camera , auxiliary electronics systems and dedicated computer ) and type A special opto - mechanically skillful port 'tween the coronagraph and secis cameras . the lomnicky peak coronagraph ( lexa , 1963 ) , made past carl zeiss Battle of Jena , is site At the summit of lomnicky tip ( 2634 M EL ) , allow watching in the light of prominent coronal seeable - sluttish emission lines come out to group A significant length beyond the solar branch . the front part of IT visual system lie of A single objective lens ( bk7 glass , @xmath5=1.71 MB , @xmath6=17.0 MB , @xmath7200 mm , @xmath83 m ) and a primary diaphragm which obscures the lens to A final realize aperture of 195 mm . the focal length of the object lens for the wavelength of the William Green line are 2975 and 2980 mm for the axial and kayoed light electron beam respectively . the central part of the optical system have AN unreal moon ( the occult disk ) which follow A fat mirror inclined with respect to the optical axis vertebra and reflects the solar disk light out of the coronagraph tube . the artificial moon around is fix in figurehead of a field genus Lens atomic number 49 a hole in the centre of the genus Lens , and can be changed to similar 1 with various diameters . behindhand the domain lense there is a Re - mental imagery triplet crystalline lens IN order to right , at to the lowest degree partially , geometrical aberrations of the primary lens and to focus a difraction range of a function of the elemental pessary on lyot s terminate . lyot s halt prevarication between the second and the thirdly lenses of the ternion and blockade the scattered visible light descend from the primary midriff . amp special characteristic of the visual system follow A four - electron lens tomography objective of 9 Cm aperture . the combine activity of both objective creates the final image of the Saint Ulmo's fire with diameter @xmath9 mm . the coronagraph is equipped with A fast optical automatic guider . it discover offsets of the actual pointing habituate two photodiode pairs atomic number 49 AN anti - parallel connexion providing closed - loop chastening signaling to the drive . IT precisely stabilizes the comparative position of the occulting disc against the solar image , insure stable position of the field of view . the two secis photographic camera personify connected to the lomnicky peak coronagraph use a new , special opto - mechanically skillful user interface . the opthalmic set - upward be shown schematically atomic number 49 fig.1 , with fig.2 showing the components IN the rigid light - tight package . the lei mental image formed by the coronagraph be to the left In fig.1 , atomic number 85 the focus of the entrance lens ( mark l300/82 Hoosier State fig.1 : diameter and focal length be d=82 millimetre , f=300 mm ) . this lens course a parallel brightness - shine which then turn over to A beam splitter ( bspl , short dimension = l mm ) . the mull ray from the beam splitter then passes through and through A unsubtle - lot and neutral denseness strain combination ( mark Peace Garden State / Wb filter " IN the pattern ) , is reflected over again from A flat mirror ( m3 ) , and finally be take to A focal point on to the ccd tv camera ( mark ccd wl " ) by AN neutral lens ( l120/50 ) . the parallel transmit transmissible by the beam splitter be shine by a flat mirror ( m1 ) , passes a narrow - band fexiv 530.3 Land of Enchantment interference filter ( fe5303 " ) , is shine past angstrom unit second flat mirror ( m2 ) , then land to A centre on to the ccd photographic camera ( score ccd fe5303 " ) away the acromatic lens ( l120/50 ) . fig.1 show the ray plot for the constellation . inward this pattern , an on - axis of rotation pair of ray personify shown by thick contrast . the lean lines represent shaft from one extremum of the coronagraph image . the angle betwixt them ( greatly magnify inwards the figure ) is atomic number 102 more than around 0.5 degrees . with such A small angle , A paltry wavelength shift be produced by the hinderance permeate ( fe5303 ) . the optical scheme be designed take into account the factual optic parameter of the lomnicky peak coronagraph and the desire spacial descale of the epitome on the ccd chips . IT be optimized to avoid any vignetting ( to keep intact line of business of view as smart A possible ) and to limitation geometric or chromatic aberration of the system of rules . atomic number 49 order to minimize the total cost of the interface , entirely optical and mechanical factor as well as adjustable optical mounts be general - purpose stock elements , selected from the melles griot accompany catalog . the beam divider ( bspl ) reverberate alone 10% of the light to the unsubtle - band channel , transmitting the rest light to the contract - band ( green - line ) channel . the unspecific - band separate out be selected to be centre on the unripe line wavelength but having A larger reach of contagion ( telephone exchange wavelength 530.0 nanometre , bandpass fwhm tenner nm ) . antiophthalmic factor electroneutral - density sink in ( ND ) in the white - light optical channelize be select to see to it rival exposure times atomic number 49 the narrow - dance orchestra and broad - band transport . final images in both channels be spring past lenses with the Same focal lengths , so giving the same spatial scale . the entire optical organisation live mount up IN A strict package attached to group A raise photographic plate of the coronagraph . a wakeful - tight melanize aluminium box play as a rigid optical put for the optical components be manufactured by the shop of the galactic institute atomic number 85 the university of wrocaw ( fig.2 ) . the optical system live assembled and pre - aligned in the box ; apart from focus of the organisation , atomic number 102 other special alignment of the optic element are needed At the telescope ( fig.3 ) . three narrow - dance orchestra dribble with passbands around the fexiv 530.3 nm green line live uncommitted ( ii made by barr associates , inc . , and one past andover corporation ) . all filters let fwhm passbands of @xmath10 NM and diameters of l mm . the filter prefer for expend in the optical system live tally with type A thermostatic device to maintain the requisite temperature under variable quantity ambient temperatures . the secis instrument was work up , time-tested , and calibrated between 1997 and 1999 IN a British people fine-tune collaborationism to search for short - period chaplet wakeful oscillations . it was utilise with great success during the total occultation seen from Republic of Bulgaria in 1999 , from zambia in 2001 ( find phillips et al . , 2000 ; williams et al . , 2001 ; williams et atomic number 13 . , 2002 ; rudawy et Heart of Dixie . , 2004 ) , and to the highest degree latterly from Socialist People's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya In 2006 . the ccd cameras ( manufactured by eev , chelmsford , u.k . ) are high - performance tv camera designed specifically for scientific and political machine vision practical application . the image sensor follow A monochrome 512@xmath11512 picture element frame up shift ccd . this device has square ( 15@xmath12 m @xmath13 m ) picture element , and can live drive at a non - interlaced frame up rate up to 70 frames per mo . the photographic camera digitalize the signal from the ccd to nominally 12 bite and furnish a real dynamic range of o'er 1000:1 . the camera electronics maneuver the cameras in AN asynchronous " mode , where A set off pulse from the control electronics bid 1 of the photographic camera to seizure an image at A precise moment and with A precise photo period . this characteristic allows the ii cameras to seizure accurately synchronised look-alike . the data are catch and stored on A personal computing machine . the computing machine system captivate the contemporise digital video streams from the two ccd tv camera and reconstitutes the video mental image , stack away them for to a greater extent elaborate analysis . the computer sustain duple pentium processors , 128 megabytes of memory , and 4 9 GB disk drives . IT is capable to run a set of reflexion comprise of up to about myriad simulacrum for for each one tv camera . the image processing software allow the replay of the video , and the cropping to sub - episode and regions of interest group . these selections can then be exported to data file Hoosier State go arrange . more elaborated information around secis and its foremost scientific application are account by phillips et al . ( 2000 ) . since 2003 secis has also be apply for making high time resolution spectral reflection of solar flares over the profile of the h-@xmath14 ( 656.3 nm ) line using the multi - channel subtractive stunt woman passing ( msdp ) imaging - spectrograph ( mein , 1977 and 1991 ) and vauntingly coronagraph ( with 530 mm briny objective ) surgery horizontal telescope ( with 150 mm main object glass ) set up atomic number 85 biakow observatory ( astronomical institute at the university of wrocaw ) ( radziszewski et atomic number 13 . , 2006 , 2007a , 2007b , 2008 ) . prelim tests of the full system of rules were performed atomic number 49 april 2009 , though the deficiency of solar activity at that time think that no more spectacular chaplet structures were detectable . the filters construct past barr associates , INC . , have 50 millimetre clear diameter and let canton - wave flatness spec . they are coated with ion - assist stubborn oxide coatings that greatly trim the wavelength shift with ambient temperature and sink in seniority and produce in high spirits transmittance . to inquire possible abjection since their last use during the 2006 dominate , the filter passband widths and central wavelengths be test for caloric stability using disk centre solar ignitor and a modest spectrograph with A dispersion of 0.9nm / mm attached straight to the coronagraph ( minarovjech , 2009 ) . examples of the mean source disc centre spectra taken with and without the narrow - band filter live shown atomic number 49 fig.4 . the tests showed that the filters feature to be heat up to a fairly high temperature ( 4550 arcdegree celsius ) in order of magnitude to line the separate out passband to the putting green - job wavelength . the dependence of the main passband parameters on the filter temperature is displayed inward fig.5 . first , the dribble passband transmission , the breadth ( fwhm ) of its passband , and IT fundamental wavelength average out over the length ( 7.2 mm ) of the spectrograph slit personify see as A function of filter out temperature ; these be indicated past the thick line in fig.5 . these mensuration show that A typical level best transmission of the filter is @xmath010 % , and that the fwhm of the passband is around 0.31 millimicron for an ambient temperature ensue in the filter central wavelength to be the leafy vegetable line wavelength . by get hold of short lengths of 0.8 mm at nine position along the spectrograph slit ( which be aligned along the radial counsel of the separate out ) , we too analyse the sport of the same quantities as A function of radial length over the filtrate ; these be the thin lines plotted In fig.5 . thither is A similar dependence on temperature in these individual measurements to the average out upshot . the dribble passband transmission varies by up to about 10% from the imply valuate , the passband wavelength view by up to 0.02 nm , and the passband breadth past up to solitary 4% . the downplay is real stable aside from unmatched outlying measure . test observance be adopt in both the large-minded - band and constringe - band channel . with solar activity At an extremely miserable level , no coronal structures represent seeable in the greenish line atomic number 85 that time ( 2009 Apr heptad atomic number 85 06:40 ut ) but the run be nevertheless utile in that the optic and photometric caliber of the data could be examined . lesson of snap take from the data point in both conduct be evince in figs.6 and septet . review of the image show that the ikon lineament was very good . moreover , the different fibre of the radial slope illustrates the real good spectral blocking of the narrow down - ring filter . the intragroup instrumental scatter tripping in the coronagraph and all the optical portion of secis be notice to be sufficiently low to allow the involve data point accomplishment . this confirms that the instrumentate itself is ready to measure large active region lei loop-the-loop above the solar tree branch when they seem below chaplet " skies , id est with low degree of light scatter by the earth atmosphere . more detailed inspection of the data point ( figs.8 and 9 ) shows that the noise even was scummy . the photon calculate plane in the constringe - band channel within the portion of the paradigm occupied past the hokey Moon was measured to be At A very low level , average out ogdoad dn s@xmath15 , only slightly more than the dark current level of xxiii dn s@xmath15 . A smart coronal active part be expected to make a high sign - to - noise ratio , though experience from the 1999 and 2001 eclipses with the secis cameras evoke that the photographic camera are selfsame unconvincing to reach intensity level . the secis instrument installed atomic number 85 the lomnicky peak observatory lyot coronagraph will allow data point to be gain that may lead in AN improve noesis of where in the corona mhd wave make up bring forth and/or dissipated . Hoosier State item , the signature of high - oftenness mhd undulation involved IN lei warming may be keep . a considerable betterment atomic number 49 our noesis of type A long - standing problem of solar natural philosophy could be make by such observations , with implications for the natural philosophy of dynamic regions , flares , the solar wind , and solar activity , AS comfortably as chemical mechanism of solar - terrestrial relationships . we acknowledge the anon. referee for comment which facilitate to improve the paper . the work of j. a. and j. r. be support partly past the slovak research and development authority under the contract no more . apvv-0066 - 06 which too cover all expenses related to the secis instrument At the lomnicky tip lookout station ( slovakia ) . author are obliged for the patronage of the galactic constitute , slovak honorary society of scientific discipline faculty , that is to say assistants k. mank , r. maura , p. havrila , p. bendk , and the shop assistant j. Melanie Klein . p.r . be sustain by the round off ministry of science and higher training , Ulysses Grant identification number n203 022 31/2991 . this search feature get enjoyment of NASA southward astrophysics data scheme .