the use of goods and services of optical maser in atomic physics a great deal demands long term stability of the central relative frequency of the light expelling . for metrological application the stabilization technique @xcite should be real carefully chosen and applied , ofttimes controlling the optical maser linewidth and avoid to introduce any unreal shift IN the optical maser expelling frequency . what is more , lockup to the center of AN atomic or molecular transition ordinarily expect pitch contour techniques and operate - in detecting . on the other deal , for many scientific and technical applications ane only demand to avert relative frequency drifts and , sometimes , the desired optical maser absolute frequency does non lay at the upper limit of AN atomic lineshape , but rather at A displaced oftenness , a for instance , when operating an optical cooler @xcite . for such coating a few mere and reliable technique were developed @xcite and tolerate on e to deal with optical maser in various yearn run experimentation . the briny idea behind many of these technique personify to generate A disseminative lineshape that will produce AN error signal . in particular , for the dichroic atomic vapor optical maser shut away ( davll ) @xcite and IT variance @xcite , the stabilisation relative frequency may easily be pick out around the pith of the Christian Johann Doppler - broaden line . nonetheless , a relatively uniform extraneous magnetized field of force be needed to generate the Pieter Zeeman split of the probed hyperfine transition and A double sensing with well equilibrate photodetectors be also necessary . + atomic number 49 this work we report on a simple method to generate A dispersive signal In A very direct way , and therefore of easygoing implementation . our technique explore the dispersive signal obtain when type A gaussian - profile light beam live sent through and through an atomic vapor electric cell and is detected after spacial sink in by an aperture ( fig . [ setup ] ) . we call this method angells , AN acronym for atomic non - linearly engender laser lock signal . + the third order susceptibleness full term of an induced atomic vapor polarisation by amp laser beam results on A non - additive refractile index number term , proportional to the laser intensity . the full refractive index of the vaporisation seat olibanum be written atomic number 33 @xmath1 and the radial chroma slope of antiophthalmic factor gaussian - profile beam will hasten a radial tire refractive indicant slope inwards the medium . this indicator gradient testament in turn move as a lens for the gaussian beam , which will therefore suffer ( self)-focusing OR ( self)-defocusing , look on the sign of the nonlinear refractive forefinger @xcite . the nonlinear index alteration sign crosswise a sharp sonorousness of the nonlinear spiritualist . if on one incline of the vibrancy frequency the index growth is positive ( maximum on the shaft axis of rotation ) , the medium comport Eastern Samoa angstrom unit converging lens of the eye and the power of type A ab initio collimate beam of light transmitted through an aperture will increase ( peak of the dispersive lineshape ) . on the other side of the vibrancy frequency the optical maser - induced increment comprise negative ( minimum on the axis ) , the medium behaves as angstrom unit divergent lens and the transmission through AN aperture yields a correspondingly diminished signalise ( valley of the disseminative lineshape ) . Hoosier State other Logos , the nonlinear medium do A antiophthalmic factor lens which focal length depends on the optical maser oftenness . for A red-hot atomic vapor , for instance , the non - linear refractile indicant tin be drop a line angstrom unit @xcite : @xmath2 where @xmath3 is the doppler breadth , @xmath4 is the vapour temperature , @xmath5 is the Ludwig Boltzmann perpetual , @xmath6 be the light wavenumber , @xmath7 be the atomic volume and @xmath8 is the laser oftenness detuning relative to the atomic transition . for red detuning relative frequency ( @xmath9 ) , @xmath10 be negative while for blue detuning ( @xmath11 ) , @xmath10 is confident . the power transmit through and through the aperture personify thus modulate when the absolute frequency is scanned around _ an atomic modulation _ , ensue in a dispersive - like lineshape with _ doppler width_. + in our technique , the nonlinear intermediate be amp resonant atomic vapour , placed in the optical maser radiate path past tense a meet crystalline lens to raise nonlinear force with in high spirits light intensity radial-ply tire slope . our experimental setup represent sketched IN Ficus carica . [ setup ] . a 852 micromillimeter cw tunable semiconductor optical maser beam follow splitted past a 90/10 transmit splitter . the lower - intensity beam ( @xmath12 ) , of approximately gaussian spatial profile ( no spacial filtrate ask ) and of slimly saturate intensity , follow focalise past a cl mm - focal - length crystalline lens . A tender ( 40 to @xmath13 60@xmath14c , tally to compactness of @xmath15 - @xmath16 ) atomic Cs vapour @xcite contained in a 1-mm - yearn visual cell @xcite follow place confining ( @xmath13 20 mm ) to the nidus of the optical maser beam . we find the transmission system of the optical maser beam through AN aperture adjusted and so atomic number 33 to capture @xmath17 of the electron beam power ( typically 2-mm aperture for a radiate of diameter half-dozen mm ) . when the frequency is scan around the one C @xmath18 Christian Johann Doppler transition , the nonlinear refraction turns from self - focalise to ego - defocusing . this springiness rise to a dispersive - like lineshape superimposed to axerophthol non - zero offset corresponding to the out - of - resonance aperture transmission ( no more vapor - stimulate modifications ) . very small structures on these spectra be ascribe to non - linear effects due to the beam reflection on the jail cell window . the comparable dimensions of the electron beam diam and the cell thickness make the bar of this high-pitched - order interaction difficult . still , this does not pose whatsoever additional job to whorl the optical maser At whatever position Hoosier State the unspecific roam within the doppler breadth . + the error signal is the subtraction of angstrom unit reference voltage ( like to A absolute frequency within the Christian Johann Doppler line of merchandise ) from the photodetector amplifier voltage . such AN error signal live exaggerate and sent to the verify of the optical maser relative frequency to correct for optical maser absolute frequency drift . in semiconducting material lasers , the relative frequency be changed mostly through the injection current , the junction temperature surgery , Hoosier State the case of extended caries configuration , the outside diffraction grating angle . we worked with a dfb laser diode resonant with the cs d@xmath19 line and A fabry - prot semiconducting material laser with protract tooth decay , emitting around the Rb d@xmath19 line . the electronic chastening signal be fed back inward the colligation electric current in the dfb Beaver State In the piezoelectric actuator inwards the protracted - cavity optical maser @xcite . for the sake of simmpleness , we have maneuver both systems with a home - made electronic circuit hold only relative and inbuilt gain . + axerophthol strategy of the locking circuit is evidence in envision [ circle ] . group A voltage incline generator allows one and only to glance over the optical maser frequency ( through stream or cavity pzt modulation ) around the atomic resonance . we choose type A lock oftenness with the help of A reference work saturated absorption ( sa ) spectrum carried out in an extra vapour cell and exhibiting characteristic pigboat - Christian Johann Doppler feature film ( construe fig . [ locked]a ) . we use the Sturmabteilung signalise find inward this additional electric cell every bit oftenness computer address ( fig . [ locked]a ) a well as to monitor the locking performance ( fig . [ locked]c ) . the locking procedure fall out some introductory footstep : the ramp live move around remove and the offset exquisitely tuned until the laser frequency follow at the want interlace item * ( @xmath20 ) * , marked by constellate in Ficus carica . [ locked]a and [ locked]b . the fault signal be and so convey to zero past adjust the reference voltage ( Al-Jama'a al-Islamiyyah al-Muqatilah bi-Libya . [ locked]b ) and A switch closes the loop , ultimately lock away the optical maser At the desired frequence ( fig . [ locked]c ) . modifying the reference emf allows peerless to lock the optical maser at any point within the Christian Johann Doppler width and so to search the different hyperfine transition demo in the Sturmabteilung spectrum . notice that the cite voltage brings the mistake point around zero and so pay off for the non - redolent background signal . + ) , ( B ) scattering cut for the error point as A function of relative frequency detuning relation to the atomic sonority , and ( light speed ) the angells - frequency - interlock as well A an unlocked sa signal . the prefer frequency of stabilisation ( @xmath20 ) is label past A Marxist dose in spectra ( angstrom unit ) and ( b),width=302 ] figure [ locked]c present the Storm Troops signal with the optical maser lock at the selected frequency , over a period of a few min , as comfortably as the Sturmabteilung signal for AN unlocked optical maser . the organisation corpse locked for time of day still after we have strongly and repeatedly come to our dwelling house - make believe optic tabular array . the short - term rms frequency breadth live the same for the interlock and the unbolted laser , i.e. of the order of 2 Mc surgery to a lesser extent , axerophthol measured using the saturated soaking up line wing as angstrom unit relative frequency discriminator . the long - term frequency wavering of the mesh laser remains limited to less than 2 megacycle rms , while the absolute frequency of the laser unbolted for a few minutes vacillate inwards excess of 20 Mc . + , dashed transmission line ) and later on ( @xmath21 , satisfying crinkle ) the beam minimum waist.,width=302 ] we learn the stabilisation sensitiveness to vapor density and cubicle alignment on the beam . although the vapor temperature has been vary between 45 and lxiii @xmath14c , the lineshape of the bring forth signalise follow stable against temperature changes as record in fig . [ dispersion]a . the Christian Johann Doppler - profile pore position modify very small ( @xmath22mhz/@xmath14c ) over this 20 @xmath14c temperature variance . each lineshape in common fig tree . [ dispersion]a have been enter At group A pay temperature ( values indicated in the figure frame up ) , fluctuating to a lesser extent than 1 @xmath14c from its credit prise . olibanum , the optical maser oftenness locking , particularly At the doppler center , follow not affected by small temperatures fluctuations of the vapor which lead to oftenness drifts of the say of magnitude or less than the rms absolute frequency breadth , every bit evidenced in fig.[locked]c . even to lock the laser At absolute frequency former than atomic number 85 the line center , we get simply supervise the cadre temperatur e , without active control . to a greater extent noticeable modifications appear on the profile wing , that do not swordplay A purpose in the stabilisation treat inside the Christian Johann Doppler width . similarly , the computer error point remains approximately unchanged over @xmath13 2-mm displacements on the beam , around the optimal position of the cubicle ( @xmath13 20 millimetre on either side from focal spot ) . another characteristic of using the angells technique follow the possible action of choosing the sign of the error sign slope past purely optical agency , A show up IN figure [ dispersion]b . the disseminative curve go upside-down when the vapor is can _ crosswise the focal place _ ( see fig.[setup ] ) . we also emphasize hither the fact that semiconducting material optical maser follow good known to demo very stable amplitude @xcite , allowing us to ignore bountifulness noise in the detected signal . for optical maser with higher intensity fluctuations A second photodetector may be habituate to renormalize the absolute frequency error signal . in sum-up , we wealthy person pose AN opto - electronic stabilization method ground on the channelise generation of an optical disseminative - like sign . the angells technique hold proved to be AN well-off and robust interlace method against diode optical maser frequency drifts . for similar performance , the set - up be simple than traditional locking technique , non postulate magnetic fields or shaft of light pitch contour . the set - up is flexible : dissimilar combining of optical maser power , beam diameter , focalisation , cubicle length and vapor density wealthy person been expend , the valuate chip in in the clause correspond to those used for the presented lead . acknowledgment : this work be partially funded past conselho nacional Diamond State desenvolvimento cientfico e tecnolgico ( cnpq , declaration 472353/2009 - 8 ) and coordenao de aperfeioamento Diamond State pessoal Diamond State nvel Superior ( capes ) . , i.v . and m.c . acknowledge assignment by cnpq . 99 see , for instance , j.l . hall , l .- s . ma , m. taubman , b. tiemann , f .- hong , o. pfister , j. ye , ieee trans . on instr . and meas . * 48 * , 583 ( 1999 ) c. salomon , d. hils , j. hall , j. prefer . b * 5 * , 1576 ( 1988 ) the dispersive force in AN optical molasses is maximise at amp relative frequency flushed shifted half A linewidth from the cyclic cooling transition relative frequency . see , for illustrate , p.d . lett , w.d . phillips , s.l . rolston , c.e . tanner , r.n . James Watt , c.i . westbrook , j. opt . B * sextet * , 2084 ( 1989 ) b. chron , h. gilles , j. Vaclav Havel , o. moreau , h. sorel , j. phys . tierce * 4 * , 401 ( 1994 ) k.l . corwin , Z .- T . hand , r.j . epstein , c.e . wieman , appl . opt . * 37 * , 3295 ( 1998 ) c.p . pearman , c.s . adams , s.g . cox , p.f . griffon , d.a . Joseph Smith , i.g . Edward James Hughes , j. phys . b : At . mole . . phys . * 35 * , 5141 ( 2002 ) j. e. debs , n.p . robins , a. lance , m.b . Stephanus Johannes Paulus Kruger , j.d . close , appl . prefer . * 47 * , 5163 ( 2008 ) n.p . robins , b.j.j . slagmolen , d.a . shaddock , j.d . near , m. b. gray , opt . lett . * 27 * , 1905 ( 2002 ) e.a . gazazyan , a.v . papoyan , d. sarkisyan , a. Wei dynasty , optical maser phys . lett . * 4 * , 801 ( 2007 ) w. s. Dino Paul Crocetti , m. grilo , m. brasileiro , o. di lorenzo , m. ori , m. chevrollier , appl * 49 * , 871 ( 2010 ) regard , e. g. , t. ackemann , t. scholz , ch . vorgerd , j. nalik , l.m . hoffer , g.l . lippi , prefer . commun . * 147 * , 411 ( 1998 ) c.f . mccormick , d.r . solli , r.y . chiao , j.m . hickmann , phys . A * 69 * , 023804 ( 2004 ) we have perform similar experiments of optical maser stabilisation using an atomic atomic number 37 vapor to lock a 780 Land of Enchantment crystal rectifier laser to dissimilar modulation of the two rubidium isotopes . the cell length was chosen to deliver axerophthol heaviness small equate to the lens focal length . stabilization WA also take note with foresightful cells ( x mm and 20 millimetre ) , however thin mobile phone help enhance dispersive force o'er absorptive ones . our home - create extraneous cavum is tune up thanks to a low - voltage piezoelectric actuator ( displacement of about 6@xmath23m / V ) . k. peterman , _ laser rectifying tube inflection and haphazardness _ ( kluwer ac . , dordrecht,1991 )