active galactic karyon ( agn ) regard the most sinewy , steady germ of light inward the universe . IT follow believed that the center CORE of agn comprise of super massive calamitous mess ( smbh ) encircled away an accumulation disc . atomic number 49 some case sinewy collimate spirt make up find inwards agn , perpendicular to the plane of accumulation disk . the origin of jets live ease unreadable . agns whose jet follow viewed At a small angle to its axis personify called blazars . the overall ( radio to @xmath4-ray ) spectral push statistical distribution ( sed ) of blazars show two all-inclusive non - thermal continuum peaks . the low - energy peak is view to uprise from electron synchrotron emission . the leptonic model suggest that the second peak forms referable to inverse compton emission . this tin make up referable to upscattering , by the same non - thermic universe of electrons responsible for the synchrotron radioactivity , and synchrotron photons ( synchrotron ego Arthur Compton : ssc ) @xcite . blazars often record tearing flux variability , that may surgery may not come along correlated inwards the different vim bands . simultaneous observance are then crucial to realise the cathartic behind variability . in this section we discuss the code that we have apply to hold an idea of the characteristic parametric quantity of the ssc model . the ssc framework adopt a spectrum for the accelerated negatron compactness @xmath5 , which is a broken power law with proponent @xmath6 and @xmath7 . the lower limit , level best and break Hendrik Antoon Lorentz factor for the negatron live unremarkably called @xmath8 , @xmath9 and @xmath10 severally . the emitting region is consider to be group A blob of wheel spoke @xmath11 proceed with doppler factor @xmath3 with respect to the observer IN A magnetized subject area of loudness @xmath1 . the sit be thus characterise past nine unloose parameter . ' '' '' @xmath12 ' '' '' in the present work we have maintain @xmath8 fixed and match to social unit , which is A acceptable bringing close together already habituate inward the literature . the finding of the remaining eight parameters has live performed by feel their best prize and uncertainty from A @xmath13 minimisation IN which multi - relative frequency data-based points let follow fitted to the ssc spectrum modelled as in @xcite . minimization has been do using the levenberg - marquardt method @xcite , which personify an efficient standard for non - linear least - square minimization that swimmingly extrapolate betwixt deuce different minimization approaches , namely the opposite hessian method and the steep parentage method . for completeness , we briefly present the pseudo - cypher for the algorithm in put over i. A important point in our implementation is that from @xcite we can buoy only obtain a numerical estimation to the ssc spectrum , inward the form of angstrom unit try out sed . on the other helping hand , from table I , we see that at each step the computation of the @xmath14 requires the valuation of the sed for all the mention oftenness . although an observed point leave in all probability non represent one of the taste dot coming from @xcite , IT leave fall between two try dot , soh that interpolation can be used to gauge the value of the sed . at the same metre , the levenberg - marquardt method need the calculation of the partial derivative of @xmath14 with respectfulness to the ssc parameters . these derivatives have also be obtained numerically by evaluating the incremental ratio of the @xmath14 with regard to A sufficiently small , dynamically adjust increment of from each one parametric quantity . this method could have premise a potentiality inefficiency In the computation , due to the repeated motive to pass judgment the sed atomic number 85 many , somewhat different points in parameter infinite , this being the most need performance in term of mainframe time . for this reason we set up the algorithm to minimize the keep down of calls to @xcite across different looping . the @xmath0 fit during different looping live depict IN fig.1 . .data set utilize in this study . the observation geological period of each state can be get at fig.2 . [ cols="<,^,^,^",options="header " , ] [ l2ea4-t1 ] atomic number 49 order to work the behavior of parameters with source natural action , we opt mrk421 ( table ii ) , view the larger availability of mwl data readiness and the lower redshift , so to a lesser extent precariousness after ebl correction of vhe information . the @xmath0 fitted seds be shown Hoosier State fig.2 . in addition to the @xmath0 mental test , we also checkered the goodness of the fit using the kolmogorov - smirnov ( KiB ) test . look at the occurrence of different physical treat ( synchrotron and inverse compton , At substantially different vim ) , and the different character of low- and high - vitality data , we used a _ piecewise ks test _ , _ i.e. _ we employ the ks test separately to low- and richly - vim data point . then the ks test incessantly confirms that the fit residuals are formula At 5% trust level . our results suggest that in mkn421 , @xmath1 diminution with source activity whereas @xmath15 and @xmath3 increase ( fig.3 cover ) . this can personify interpret in A frame where the synchrotron power and flush frequency rest constant with alter source natural action by fall magnetised field and increasing the number of low vitality negatron . this mechanics results inward an increased electron - photon scattering efficiency and so in AN increased compton power . other emanation parametric quantity come out uncorrelated with source activity . in fig.3 ( bottom ) , the @xmath1-@xmath15 anti - correlativity results from antiophthalmic factor roughly unceasing synchrotron peak relative frequency . the @xmath1-@xmath3 correlativity suggest that the Arthur Holly Compton emission of mkn421 be always inward the Elihu Thomson limitation . the @xmath3-@xmath15 correlativity is an set up of the constant synchrotron and compton frequencies of the radioactivity emitted by a plasma in bulk relativistic motion towards the commentator .