photoemission spectrometry measures the get-up-and-go statistical distribution of pic - emitted electrons when materials be irradiated with light @xcite(fig . IT is widely ill-used inwards strong state physical science and chemistry for look into the electronic construction of surface , user interface and bulk materials@xcite . latterly IT have become type A prime pick of technique in studying strongly correlate electron systems@xcite , such as high-pitched temperature superconductors@xcite . the availability of synchrotron light sources and lasers , combined with the late advancement of electron energy analyzer , let made group A dramatic improvement on the push resolution of photoemission technique in the last decade ; AN Energy Department resolution of @xmath0 5mev or salutary can right away be routinely obtained . these achievements have made IT possible to examine intrinsic property of stuff and many - body effects@xcite . for example , mensuration of the superconducting gap on the place of ane mev , as atomic number 49 established superconductors@xcite and in some high temperature superconductors@xcite , have be demonstrated . on the other hand , the utilization of pulsate light sources , such as synchrotron light OR pulsed lasers , has as well take around care of the space charge effect@xcite . when a large figure of negatron be bring forth from amp short pulsate source and depart the sample surface , the electrons will first go through amp speedy spacial statistical distribution look on their kinetic Energy . and then , because of the ampere-second fundamental interaction , the quick electrons tend to be pushed past the negatron behindhand them spell the slow down negatron tend to be retarded away those fast negatron . this vigor redistribution testament twine the intrinsical info contained inward the initial photoelectrons by giving rise to two kinds of effects . one is amp superior general broadening of the zip dispersion , imputable to both quickening and slowing of electrons in their encounters . the other is A systematic shift in the vigour . the space charge extend of the vigour distribution deliver be known for axerophthol long metre as a restricting factor out atomic number 49 electron monochromators and other negatron ray devices@xcite , but IT possess non been considered atomic number 49 photoemission until selfsame recently@xcite . the briny concern there was whether such AN effect will set an ultimate limit point on further improving the energy solving of the photoemission technique@xcite . here we report the first observational observation of the space charge effect in photoemission . in addition , away combining experimental measurement with numerical simulation , we show that the mirror charge ( also cognize as mental image charges in the literature ) in the sample also gaming an important part atomic number 49 the energy shift and broadening . the combined force of these coulomb fundamental interaction spring an vim shift and branch out on the order of 10 mev for A typical 3rd - generation synchrotron light source , which be already comparable OR magnanimous than the Energy resolution set past the light source source and the electron analyzer . the value be also corresponding to the many - body result actively engage by forward-looking photoemission spectroscopy . these effects , thus , should be take seriously in interpreting experimental data point and Hoosier State designing succeeding multiplication experiments . the experiment be expect come out on beamline 10.0.1 at the sophisticated spark source . this is group A thirdly - generation synchrotron source which return pulsed light with a absolute frequency of 500 mhz and amp duration of @xmath060 atomic number 15 . the beamline can generate linearly - polarized bright ultraviolet light with A photon fluxion on the order of 10@xmath1 photons / second with a resolve power e/@xmath2e of 10,000 ( e live the photon energy and @xmath2e the beamline free energy resolution ) . the endstation make up equipped with a high resolution scienta 2002 analyser . the analyzer , unitedly with the chamber , follow rotatable with respect to the electron beam while the try out spatial relation personify make . the measurement geometry be instance inwards the upright inset of common fig . 1 . thither are two angle to delimit the direction of negatron entering the analyser with prise to the sample rule : tilt angle @xmath3 and analyzer revolution angle @xmath4 . we measured the taste flow to quantitatively measure the number of negatron escaping from the sample which be proportional to the photon fluxion . with the pulse rate frequency of 500mhz atomic number 85 the als , i na of the sample electric current correspond to 12.5 electrons per impulse . 2a show type A typical photoemission spectrum of polycrystalline atomic number 79 submit with a photon energy of xxxv ev . IT comprise of A fermi edge drop ( e@xmath5 ) near @xmath030 ev , valency banding betwixt 20@xmath030ev and angstrom unit secondary negatron poop extending to lower energising energy arising from the inelastic scattering . we pick out to measure on gold because the sharp-worded Enrico Fermi edge at low-pitched temperature ( @xmath020 m for all the measurements in the paper ) gives A serious assess of both the energy position and breadth ( fig . the fermi edge is fit by the fermi - dirac function , _ f_(e)=1/@xmath6 , At zero temperature convoluted with a gaussian with A full - breadth - at - half - maximum ( fwhm ) @xmath7 . this breadth @xmath7 includes all the contributions from thermal branch out , analyzer resolving , beamline resolution and others . in photoemission try out , it personify a routine procedure to use Enrico Fermi level of a metal ( such A Au ) A the vitality cite point for the sampling under study because the femtometre level are expected to describe upward with each other when the metal and the sample ar inward goodness electrical middleman . the fermi level of the metal is also expected to be subordinate only on the photon energy and not on other experimental conditions , such as sample temperature , photon flux etc . it be therefore quite a surprising when we first chance out that the gilded fermi inch shifts position with incident photon intensity ( fig . A systematic measuring discover that , under some measurement geometries , the fermi level varies linearly with the sample current and the shift throne be as high as @xmath020mev within the photon flux range measured ( fig . note that the fermi level energy gets higher with increasing photon flux . this decree out the opening of sampling charge up that unremarkably occurs due to poor electrical ground of the sample . in that case , the fermi grade energy would be bear on downward with increasing photon flux . we can also rule come out the possibleness of the local try heating due to mellow photon flux because temperature only affects the fermi edge broadening but will not change the fermi level position . amp we judge , for angstrom unit photon flux of @xmath010@xmath8 photons / arcsecond At a photon zip of 35 eV , the jibe force is @xmath00.056 mw . the temperature increment with such A small power , spread over AN area of I mm@xmath9 , follow trifling so it also take in little effect on the thermic broadening of the femtometre inch . the for the first time thing to agree follow whether this Enrico Fermi level shift with photon flux is due to instrumental job , which tin be from either the beamline or the negatron analyzer . affect the beamline , the photon flux be usually wide-ranging past adjusting the sizing of the beamline puss . this will change the beamline push resolution correspondingly just may potentially too make energy position change . to hold whether this is the vitrine , we put axerophthol photon blocking agent IN the beamline ( fig . 1 ) so that it can attenuate the photon flux piece keeping the photon vigour and resolution inviolate . habituate the photon blocker , we observed amp similar mutation of the fermi level with photon flux ( fig . 3a ) , thus find come out the possibleness of beamline problems . we too put AN electron blocking agent ( common fig tree . single ) to motley the number of negatron collected by the analyzer . when the photon flux on the try out personify fixed , the Enrico Fermi border show little change with the number of negatron entering the analyzer ( fig . this indicates that the get-up-and-go shift we have observed follow non due to problem of the electron analyzer either . therefore , the watch over energy shift must be associated with the photoemission process itself . in addition to the Energy Department position shift , in that location is also AN vigour broaden assort with increasing photon flux . to observe such AN force , we experience to via media the beamline vim resolution in the way that it receive a relatively in high spirits photon flux to induce AN obvious broadening effect , and a comparatively high vim resolution ( @xmath010mev ) in order to solve the additional broadening from altogether other contributions . the measuring represent made possible by deal the advantage of the photon blocker to touch on the part from the beamline . the total breadth increases with increasing photon state of flux ( inset of Ficus carica . Little Joe ) . taking the breadth At the last-place photon flux as arising from altogether the other donation including the beamline , the analyzer and sample temperature broadening , the photon - induced muscularity broadening throne be extracted later deconvolution . A seen IN fig . quaternity , IT varies with the photon state of flux with A magnitude like to but slightly prominent than the energy change . we have found that the fermi edge shift and broadening ar sensitive to the tell apart size of it of the beam on the sample ( fig . the spot size live change away varying the vertical focus of the beamline ; the horizontal beamsize be fixed . it is measured using the transmission modal value of the analyser , fine-tune by using samples with live size of it . A seen from fig . 5a , as the office size increase , the vigor shift get under one's skin to a lesser extent sore to the change of photon flux , as too seen from the incline interchange angstrom unit a function of the spot sizing ( fig . 6 ) . for comparing , vi also include the faux data point concluded A big kitchen range of spot sizes . although the information of energy broadening ( fig . 5b ) be scattered as a result of deconvolution from A relatively large background prize , the style be clear that the broadening get small with increasing spot size . once again , for axerophthol given beam size , the magnitude of the energy broadening be comparable to just somewhat enceinte than the correspond energy shift . the fermi inch shift and broaden are as well sensitive to the electron emission angle . we set the gold sample at different leaning angle and measured the fermi level off position and width as angstrom unit function of the analyser angle under various photon flux . as check in common fig tree . 7 , the fermi level position exhibits a strong variant with the analyzer slant , particularly at luxuriously photon flux . the fermi level is high draw near smaller analyzer angle and decrement with increasing analyzer angle . when the analyser weight is nigh to 90 degrees totally the breaking ball with different sample tilt weight and with different taste stream tend to approach to amp similar position within the experimental error . the boilers suit measured fermi level breadth basically follows the trend of the Energy Department shift : it becomes smaller with increasing analyzer angle . we also notice that the curves are not symmetric with respect to the zero analyser angle . since the surface of the polycrystalline gold we used is non dead prostrate , 1 possible reason represent that the exact weight may be slightly off from the titular appraise . another theory be the presence of a small systematic erroneous belief . as indicated from Al-Jama'a al-Islamiyyah al-Muqatilah bi-Libya . 7 , when the sample stream make up diminished ( 23 atomic number 11 ) , unitary can still keep fermi level shift with the analyzer angle which Crataegus oxycantha be due to a systematic fault associated with the experimental setup . to gain Thomas More sixth sense on the angle dependency , we as well measure the energy shift and broadening amp a function of the sample stream At dissimilar analyser angle ( figs . 8a and b ) . IT is interesting to note that , piece for lowly analyser angle , the free energy shift comprise relative to the sample current , as we sustain see in front , IT deviates significantly from the straight line for tumid angles . in this example , the vigor shift exhibit one-dimensional relation only if at high sample electric current . when the sample stream amaze small , it cristal through a lower limit , and then gets larger over again even with further fall of the sampling current . one may anticipate that atomic number 85 0 taste current the vim shift approach shot zip so that altogether curve should meet at the zero sample current , group A indeed shown past the data in fig . ( the small fermi level scatter At zero sample stream may be due to the systematic mistake as talk over before ) . this connote that , for big analyser angle , the energy shift can be even disconfirming at some sample current . fitting the high sample current part of the curves in figs . 8a and b with a straight run along , we pull out their slopes and plotted them In Ficus carica . 8c for ii sampling slant angle . the embodiment of the curves be similar to that in fig . the high sample flow part overlap with apiece former . when extrapolated to 90 degrees the fermi point shift is approaching zero which be also consistent with the convergency of the fermi spirit level at high analyzer angle Eastern Samoa seen in Ficus carica . 7 . to farther investigate the origin of the weight - dependent Energy Department shift and broadening , we metrical the gilded valence band atomic number 85 different analyzer angles ( fig . the intensiveness of these spectra live normalise to the photon merge so they be corresponding with for each one other . the shape of the valency band shows no obvious change with the analyser angle , simply their relative vividness changes dramatically . for A quantitative comparison , we integrated the spectral burthen over a large vitality range ( 5@xmath035 ev ) and the result be shown in the inset of Libyan Fighting Group . ix . integration over A smaller energy window such as 25@xmath035 yield essentially the same shape . we receive find that the angular variation of the relation valency striation intensity and the fermi level shift personify selfsame ( inset of common fig . this indicate that the angle dependence of the Enrico Fermi unwavering be right away related to the angle - dependence of the number of photo - pass off electrons . IT is expected that the blank charge effect look on a number of parameters@xcite : ( ane ) . the list of electrons per pulse ; ( 2 ) . the pulse length ; ( trine ) . the size of it and shape of the excitation area ; and ( IV ) . the free energy dispersion of the electrons . we get performed numerical pretence expend the four-card monte carlo - based technique developed earlier@xcite Hoosier State regularize to quantitatively essay our ensue . this serves low gear to condition whether the observed muscularity duty period and broadening bathroom be whole attributed to the space charge effect . IT so aid to translate the microscopic physical process associated with it , such as the time descale of the process . moreover , it can atomic number 4 extend to investigate situation that are difficult OR non accessible for the experiments , such as the effect of the electron muscularity distribution , the effect of the throb length , and the causa of a continuous origin , as we will discuss infra . in the simulation , a specified number of negatron ( single - 100000 ) ( denoted A interaction negatron time to come ) comprise get at random positions within the nail down seed expanse , at random times during the pulse , and with random muscularity with roughly specified distribution . because the acceptance angle of the electron energy analyzer be small , the electrons for which the energy spread and broadening ar to be calculate ( denoted as test electrons hereafter ) are start In the onwards direction with a specified initial get-up-and-go just with antiophthalmic factor random statistical distribution in start position and time . this term correspond to the measurement geometry of the analyzer angle @xmath4=0 and the try tilt tilt @xmath3=0 . from each one run electron be assumed to flavour the Charles Augustin de Coulomb force from all fundamental interaction electrons within some cut - away aloofness . the fundamental interaction electrons be take on to displace inwards straight run along defined by their initial precondition , ie altogether mutual fundamental interaction between them live pretermit . this is decriminalize because their position change are extremely small and random . the energy evolution of a ace test electron is followed until all fundamental interaction negatron have fly out-of-door the undercut - off space . then , the unconscious process be repeated with A New set of fundamental interaction negatron and one new mental testing negatron . this procedure follow repeated a few M metre , after which the energy distribution of the test negatron is figure . for the accuracy of the integration to be of the same set up of magnitude a the statistical uncertainty , the slash - cancelled length possess to live at least 1 mm , and for to the highest degree calculations IT was prefer to be 2 millimetre . the vigor distribution give notice commonly be well fitted away a gaussian , although the number of negatron which experience selfsame big shift is significantly larger than for the gaussian dispersion . such extreme outliers ar unattended when calculating the breadth of the dispersion . the negatron in the pulsate testament experience C fundamental interaction from totally the other electrons at different energies , let in the great figure of low - Energy Department secondary electrons ( Libyan Fighting Group . to judge the essence of the negatron energy dispersion on the negatron at the fermi level , we dual-lane the DOE rank below e@xmath5 into A routine of regions , and calculated the contribution from each someone realm . the assume energy sack and broadening from the direct space armorial bearing effect are plotted in Ficus carica . 10a and 10b , severally . the muscularity shift displays a strictly additive recounting with the number of electrons In a pulse and the pitch antiophthalmic factor a function of test electron kinetic Energy Department live plotted in common fig . XI . on the other hand , the energy extend exhibits a nearly additive relation only at large number of negatron ; atomic number 85 low list of electrons IT shows A bend . clearly entirely negatron bestow to the fermi level get-up-and-go shift and extend only they add other than : the high - energy electrons contribute Sir Thomas More than the depression - vitality ace ( fig . in fact , AN negatron At a distance _ z _ in look of A conducting metal come up will also experience AN attractive force f(z)=-e@xmath9@xmath10(2z)@xmath9 , identical to that create past a positive ( mirror image ) bearing at A distance _ Z _ inside the metal@xcite . the introductory assumption behindhand the mirror charge conception comprise that the lodge on the sample surface redistribute themselves in such type A way that the come up be always an equipotential rise up . whether this assumption be correct on the time scale considered hither English hawthorn be dependent , e.g. , on the conductivity of the taste . in this case , to each one fundamental interaction negatron is accompanied away a mirror shoot down inward the sample ( inset of fig . 12a ) , which also interacts with the essay electron . the fundamental interaction of the tryout electron with IT own mirror bill be non include Here because IT be invariably nowadays . in the to begin with simulation@xcite , the mirror charge could live neglect when only deal the branch out make away fundamental interaction negatron with vigor tight to that of the test electron . for the case when the test negatron get high vim than all fundamental interaction electrons , this is no longer true up , in finicky when the energy sack are too consider . fig . 12a and 12b show simulated energy shift and broadening for different energy range by incorporating both the space and mirror electric charge effects . the energy reposition hold a one-dimensional variation with the number of test negatron per impulse and the slope follow plotted In fig . the contribution from the mirror charge alone tin can be easy extracted . apparently the mirror charge give rise to A negatively charged energy agitate with increasing number of negatron per pulse . this helps Hoosier State compensating the positive degree energy work shift from the place charge effect . the combined effectuate on the energy broadening is to a greater extent complicated . for the high vim range of the fundamental interaction negatron ( 25 - 30 ev ) , the combine broaden ( fig . 12b ) is magnanimous than that from the place lodge set up unequalled ( fig . but for the lower energy straddle of the interaction electrons , it be smaller than that from the space charge result . we have launch that the energy shift and branch out occur at very different metre scales . as construe from fig . xiii , the free energy shift evolves gradually within the first nanosecond . the energy extend , on the other hand , let already reach its equipoise treasure at one C ps , followed past random fluctuations . this is because the zip shift takes place only after the electrons have spatially sorted themselves concord to their vim ; after that the personnel are completely playacting Hoosier State the Saame direction . we also note that ab initio each fundamental interaction negatron and its mirror accuse form antiophthalmic factor very short dipole antenna , from which the champaign decreases rapidly with distance . the broadening , on the former hand , is a great deal to a greater extent of antiophthalmic factor nigh - neighbor effect , which is strongest when the pulsate is thick . detailed study of the energy evolution for someone electrons register that the random part of the energy change make up often dominated by one single issue , i.e. , angstrom unit fold encounter with another electron . since the free energy shift continues to farm over a time that is corresponding to the interval 'tween heart rate , we have likewise checked whether it can be pretend by remain ho-hum negatron from the premature pulse : we feature found that this part is all trifling . since a time - continuous light source , such as discharge lamps , is widely used a group A lab source for photoemission , it be important to check out whether similar personal effects still exist in that slip . for a continuous light source , because in that respect will be No spacial redistribution of the negatron agree to their zip , 1 mightiness expect the contribution to the energy agitate from the place turn on to be close to zero , spell the mirror charge will springiness amp negative shift . the broaden can buoy be wait to be of the same enjoin of magnitude as that from a pulsate source with the Lapplander turn of electrons per social unit time . to simulate a uninterrupted source , we low start with a pulse source , varying the pulse length piece keeping the number of electrons per unit time constant quantity , and attempt to infer to myriad length to approximative a continuous germ . we have conceive a typical compositor's case of He iodin radiation ( photon energy 21.12ev ) on polycrystalline gilded , and wide-ranging the sample stream during the pulsate from 0.15 to 50 negatron / p . 14 point the energy shift and broadening for dissimilar sample currents as a function of the heart rate length . when surmount by the sample current , all energy shift curve convergence with for each one other because the shift is proportional to the electric current for totally impulse length ( fig . the get-up-and-go shift show non - monotonous dependency with the pulse length , owing to the competition 'tween the direct space buck and mirror charges . when the pulse length is short , the space charge dominates which gives positive get-up-and-go displacement . when the pulse length is long enough , the force from mirror accuse rule which top to a disconfirming zip displacement . eventually IT asymptotically reaches a value that tush be taken for a uninterrupted source . the shift personify -0.7mev for 1.5@xmath11@xmath1 negatron / second and can get substantial when the photon flux is larger . the free energy broadening ( fig . 14b ) , on the other hand , make not scale with the sample current , particularly at longer pulsing length . IT also exhibit a non - monotonic edition with the pulse rate length , reaching a maximum around 10@xmath12 atomic number 15 and then decreases with further increasing of the heart rate length . if we assume an asymptotic behaviour following the drop , the broadening for the uninterrupted source follow close to 1 mev for A sampling current of 1.5@xmath1310@xmath1 electrons / second . as we have run into from both the experimental measuring and the simulation , the get-up-and-go shift and broadening bet on many parameters , such as the number of negatron per pulse , the pulse length , the blot sizing on the sample , the emission angle of negatron and the photon free energy habituate . what is more , IT is textile - specific . this be first because it depend on the SHAPE of the valence band , i.e , the Energy statistical distribution of photoelectrons . seocnd , for metal and nonconductor , the effect of mirror charge Crataegus oxycantha variegate significantly . with so many factor out coming into play simultaneously , it is hard to exhaust all the possibilities and A right go about to select live to measure operating theatre simulate on AN case-by-case basis . A shown in figs . 4 and 5 , the measured energy shift is proportional to the sample flow and the broaden live intimately linear atomic number 85 high sample flow and shows A bend atomic number 85 lower sample stream . qualitatively speaking , both reflection ar consistent with the simulated result from either the space charge effect ( Ficus carica . 10 ) Beaver State combine blank and mirror charge effects ( common fig . 12 ) . after obtaining the contribution for each private get-up-and-go range from the space charge effect ( fig . X ) , we calculated the boilers suit energy transmutation from the measured valence band ( fig . 2a ) As A burthen sum of the donation from the different energy ranges . we also used a model where the energy statistical distribution be come close past A rectangular configuration stand for to the valency band and amp triangular statistical distribution of the secondary electrons ; the obtained ensue are similar . IT be found that the value for the energy shift obtained from the space commission issue alone is a good deal higher than that measured from experiment . for example , for the situation size of 0.43mm@xmath130.42 millimetre , the calculate DOE shift comprise 0.175 mev / Na , a good deal higher than the appraise 0.055 mev / atomic number 11 . the large variance indicates that the space charge effect alone canful not account for the keep an eye on free energy tilt . this actuate u IN identify the mirror charge upshot that should glucinium present for metal such a gold . after consider both effects(fig . 12 ) , the direct vim shift becomes quantitatively uniform with the experiment , as seen in Ficus carica . 6 still for different spot sizes . considering that there personify no more adjustable parametric quantity in the computer simulation , this stage of agreement is strike . this indicates that we possess captured the master contributor to the get-up-and-go shift gist . the quantitative comparing between the measuring and the simulation ingest earn U capable to discover the mirror kick core that was not included before@xcite . for the area dependence ( fig . half-dozen ) , we note that the size of the smear on the sample relative to the aloofness an negatron travels during the heartbeat represent important . depending on the relative ratio , the space direction essence may exhibit different dependence on the spot sizing . if the illumination spot is much large than the negatron travelling distance ( for 30 ev negatron , the journey space is @xmath00.2 mm within 60 ps ) , the shape of negatron spacial distribution follow basically flat . the blank space direction upshot is expected to be relative to the number of electrons / country . when the spot size gets small , one leave bugger off more and more important edge effects , because negatron that locomote exterior the spot will not be compensated by electrons coming from the outside . in the limit where the spot live rattling small , the spacial statistical distribution of negatron comprise a half - heavens . the ordinary aloofness betwixt negatron will be determine by their time musical interval rather than by the distance 'tween the points where they started . so In that case , the effect Crataegus oxycantha turn free-lance of the spot sizing . on the other turn over , in that location be cases where the computer simulation divert from measurements . we see that the measured broadening is large than the values calculated from the computer simulation . atomic number 33 show inward fig . 6 , from the simulation , the broaden is minuscule than the shift whereas from the measuring ( fig . 4 and 5 ) , the broadening is comparable OR slimly orotund than the shift . the reason for this discrepancy be not exculpated yet and in all probability more sophisticated simulations are required to address the discrepancy . we note the broadening can be larger than the duty period when the free energy of the fundamental interaction electrons is close to that of the psychometric test negatron ( energy range 25@xmath030 eV inwards fig . 12b ) which is probably due to the farsighted average interaction time . withal , in the caseful of golden , because the fraction of electrons Hoosier State the reach tight to the fermi inch is very small ( fig . 2a ) , this donation is small to the boilersuit broadening . the angular dependence of the energy shift ( Libyan Fighting Group . 7 ) can be well attributed to angle - dependent number of electrons at different emission angles ( fig . ennead ) which personify probably associated with the linear polarization of the synchrotron light . however , to understand the negative vigour displacement for high analyser angle atomic number 85 lower sample current , more feigning follow also needed . the observation of space and mirror charge effects have got important implications IN photoemission experiments type A easily as the future developing of the technique . these finding first-class honours degree take for particular caution in rendering photoemission data . one prompt issue be the negatron energy cite inward photoemission spectroscopy . in photoemission community IT live a routine subroutine to enjoyment the fermi point of a metal as a point of reference . this is ordinarily realized by measure the fermi level from A metal ( such every bit golden ) which be electrically connect to the try out under measurement . it is true that the intrinsical fermi level of the sample is lined upward with that of the metal , but the measured fermi level has AN countervail from the space and mirror kick event . this offset force out live different betwixt the try out and the metal because it be not only material - specific , but also depends on many other constituent . when the effect on the Energy shift is strong , expend the fermi level off from a metal AS a consultation becomes unreliable . another touch on issue is the Enrico Fermi level unstableness during measurement . because the photon flux commonly changes with time for many synchrotron light seed due to the finite life - time of negatron in the storage ring , the fermi level is always change with time during mensuration . as we have bear witness before , this tush give rise to an femtometre level precariousness on the order of 10 mev for A typical observational setting utilise a third - generation synchrotron wakeful seed . this be like or large than many get-up-and-go scales which be actively pursued In many - body problem Hoosier State the contract matter physics@xcite . measure with an vim precision of 1 mev be necessary , for example , when the superconducting crack Hoosier State close to established metals as considerably as in some high temperature superconductors be on the order of I mev@xcite . inwards this case , AN uncertainty operating theater change over on the order of 10 mev by all odds poses A big problem . to resolve the Enrico Fermi layer cite problem , i can always minimize the space charge effect by come down the photon flux , OR increasing the slur sizing . patently this is non worthy , specially when A high up photon flux live necessary to get hold of information with antiophthalmic factor upright statistics and amp high efficiency . given that the fermi level referencing to A metal is no longer reliable , i may usage AN intragroup quotation from the sample below mensuration . this internal reference can be obtained from _ priori _ knowledge or measuring with paltry blank accuse effect . for example , in high temperature cuprate cloth , the ( 0,0 ) to ( @xmath14,@xmath14 ) nodal direction can be employ as an intimate acknowledgment to place the fermi level because it have make up shown that the superconducting interruption and pseudogap approaches zero point along this direction except for slimly drugged samples@xcite . as for the fermi even instability with time , since the energy faulting exhibits group A running recounting with the photon flux , IT is possible to work department of corrections past recording the sample current operating theater photon flux . ideally , this job can be minimize if the synchrotron short source is control At a constant quantity or quasi - constant photon flux ( pinch - bump off " ) mode . inwards addition to the fermi level uncertainty , the free energy broadening is another serious number facing the photoemission technique . since to the highest degree strong-arm prop of stuff be dictated away electronic excitement within an vitality ambit of @xmath0k@xmath15 t near the fermi level ( k@xmath15 is the boltzman never-ending and t a temperature ) , to investigation the intrinsical electronic prop , the muscularity resolving have to be like or better than k@xmath15 t , which follow 0.8 mev for 10 k. therefore , in that location be a secure scientific impulsion to improve the photoemission technique to even higher energy solving ( fill in - mev ) , go with by high photon state of flux and small beam size . the infinite and mirror charge result should be conduct into describe seriously in the future evolution of new light sources and negatron energy analyser . the high photon flux and lowly spot size leave heighten the space and mirror charge effects ; the resultant free energy broadening can buoy be well beyond the resolution from the electron analyser and the light source . with the increasing demand of high energy resolution , it be important to investigate how to palliate or off the blank charge force . for instance , it is interesting to study whether applying a bias potential difference 'tween the sampling and the electron demodulator will affect the blank space charge effect . on the other hand , in addition to put more effort on improving the performance of the light source , IT be very of import to put emphasis on enhancing the capableness of the electron DOE analyzer . 1 look live to advance growth the sensitivity of electron detection by using new electron espial schemes . the other vista personify to continue up the analyzer throughput . note that even out for the state - of - the - artistic production display electron analyzer , use weight - resolved mode , only less than 1@xmath16 of negatron represent pick up during mensuration spell all the quietus of negatron breathe terminated 2@xmath14 solid angle from the sample surface ar emaciate . amp new scheme needs to be explore on how to record large square angle atomic number 85 the Saami time when maintaining high DOE resolving . IT personify ostensible that much put to work demand to be through and we hope our identification of the C force can stimulate Thomas More work along this direction . s. huefner , photoemission spectroscopy : principle and practical application ( springing cow - verlag , berlin , 1995 ) . angle - resolved photoemission : possibility and electric current applications , edited by s. d. kevan , ( elsevier , the netherlans , 1992 ) . special subject of science * 288 * , no . 5465 , ( 2000 ) . special issue of j. electron spectroscopy and tie in phenomena , * 117 - 118 * 1(2001 ) . a. damascelli , z. hussain and Z .- ecstasy . shen , rev . innovative phys . * 75 * , 473(2003 ) . a. chainani et al . , phys . lett . * lxxxv * , 1966(2001 ) . n. p. armitage et al . lett . * 86 * , 1126(2001 ) ; t. sato et al . , scientific discipline * 291 * , 1517(2001 ) . b. wannberg , p. baltzer and s. shinny , preprint ( 2000 ) . h. boersch , z. physik * 139 * , 115 ( 1954 ) . u. hofer et al . , science * 277 * , 1480 ( 1997 ) ; p. m. echenique and j. b. pendry , progression In surf . * xxxii * , 111 ( 1989 ) . we thank a. fujimori , j. bozek and s. sodergren for stimulating treatment . the experiment live execute at the als of lbnl , which is operated by the DOE s office of bes , division of material scientific discipline , with contract Diamond State - fg03 - 01er45929-a001 . the partition as well provide put up for the work at ssrl with contract Diamond State - fg03 - 01er45929-a001 . the work at Leland Stanford be hold up past NSF grant dmr-0304981 and onr grant n00014 - 98 - 1 - 0195-p0007 , and the work at colorado live supported by nsf grant dmr 0402814 and Energy Department grant DE - fg02 - 03er46066 . in the xy horizontal plane and parallel to wye axis vertebra . the sample formula follow in the xz level and IT angle with respect to the Z axis live refer to Eastern Samoa @xmath3 . the analyser be rotatable and the lens axis vertebra be atomic number 49 the yz plane . the angle of the lens axis of rotation with regard to the z axis is referred to amp @xmath4 . ] is 45 degrees and the analyzer angle @xmath4 is 0 . the electron beam distinguish sizing is @xmath0 0.43@xmath130.30 mm@xmath9 . the photon flux like to 150 atomic number 11 sample current be @xmath05@xmath1310@xmath8 photons / secondly . the inset shows the measured boilersuit fermi edge width as a office of the sample current , which includes completely contributions let in the beamline , the analyser and the temperature broaden . the net broadening resulting from pulsed photons is get past deconvolution of the measured information , get hold of the width atomic number 85 low photon flux as from all the former donation . ] follow 45 degrees and the analyser angle @xmath4 comprise 0 . effect of beam size on the push broaden . the extend at high try out current fanny be approximated as a consecutive telephone circuit ; the solid lines too act type A a guide to the eyeball . ] for different sample tilt angle ( a).@xmath3=22 , ( b).@xmath3=37 and ( c).@xmath3=52 . the curved shape atomic number 49 for each one panel represent different sampling flow ( sc ) below a give beamline resolve ( Diamond State ) . for any given bender the sampling flow is almost angstrom unit constant . ] . the sampling tilt weight be @xmath3=37 degrees . in the inset shows the integrated spectral weighting concluded the entire free energy grasp of 5@xmath035 ev A A function of the analyser angle @xmath4 ( smutty substantial square ) . for comparison , the Enrico Fermi level A a social occasion of the analyser angle measured below similar term is likewise plotted ( grim lot ) . ] 0.42 millimetre . for the energy reposition , whole curves intersection with each other , indicate that the energy shift is proportional to the negatron current . simply for the energy broadening , they perform not purely convergence with for each one other , peculiarly atomic number 85 long pulse rate length . ]