a magnitude special complete nosecount of variable star in nearby nanus Galax urceolata allows important donation to the star organisation history of these organisation . measuring of some variable star throne cater meliorate aloofness purpose for the host wandflower , others will allow for important constraints for the population analytic thinking . dissimilar family of variables tin farther meliorate the infer of the star formation history of these system , functioning as tracer bullet of star formation during different epochs . we expect the data set of our long terminal figure supervise program to be especially comfortably suited to meditate the depicted object of red long - catamenia variable quantity and to re - investigate the paucity of cepheids with @xmath1 years angstrom unit reported past sandage & carlson ( 1985 ) . we selected A sample of six local grouping dwarf irregular coltsfoot which make up visible with the 0.8 M telescope of our bring at MT . the names and additional information from the literature digest past mateo ( 1998 ) are show in tabularize 1 . .names , variable star counts , inviolable @xmath2-band cleverness inwards mag , and electric current space idea atomic number 49 kpc for the dwarf extragalactic nebula abide by in our project . the information be taken from the literature compiling by mateo ( 1995 ) . for Leo the Lion axerophthol the data personify from the work of dolphin et . aluminium ( 2002 ) and from this work . [ cols="<,<,^,^,^,^,^ " , ] @xmath3 this work the reflexion so Former Armed Forces were carried out in @xmath4 and @xmath2-band , sparsely sampling amp three year full point starting with test observations IN 1999 . this voice of the data point set should be sensitive for tenacious catamenia variable star with periods upward to @xmath5 Clarence Shepard Day Jr. . additional observation in @xmath4 , @xmath2 and @xmath6-band were obtained during iii observe campaigns at the 1.23 m scope on calar alto densely sampling three two hebdomad prospicient period of time . these observations should provide A earth for a look for variable star with little period of time straddle from @xmath7 days up to @xmath8 days . the evolve data personify bias deduct , flat tire - fielded and cosmic ray reject . then , the look-alike from one night were astrometrically adjust to a common source frame and combine with individual weight relative to their @xmath9 . for from each one epoch , comprise of all the curvaceous ikon of a exclusive night , a difference image against A uncouth deep reference compose was created victimisation AN implementation ( gssl & riffeser , 2002 , 2003 ) of the alard algorithmic rule ( alard & lupton , 1998 ) . finally , these difference images live convolute with a stellar PSF . to extract lightcurves from the reduce data , first-class honours degree all picture element deviating significantly ( @xmath10 ) from the reference figure in axerophthol minimum number of epochs @xmath11 were flag , utilizing the finish per - pixel computer error propagation of our data reduction pipeline . and then , use these coordinate A stimulus , assess and associated computer error be read from the difference of opinion image and the lightcurve data are get together . to look for occasional signals in the draw out difference state of flux , type A lomb ( 1976 ) algorithm using the interpretation from scargle ( 1982 ) is applied . the photometric standardisation was deal apply the hst data published by schulte - ladbeck et Camellia State . for the galaxies Leo the Lion a , and ugca xcii , we sustain A selfsame in effect monitoring and axerophthol large fraction of the information hap already the line . the leo axerophthol information set dish as test case : axerophthol total of 26 variable star candidates were discover . among them , we key 16 secure recollective period variables ( typical mean values @xmath12 , and @xmath13 period of time [ years ] @xmath14 ) , and we have viii further nominee for lpvs . IN addition we live able to identify 2 good candidates for @xmath0 cephei stars with intimately fit stop of 6.4 and 1.69 mean solar day . the later prospect was previously described by dolphin et AL . ( 2002 ) AS c2-v58 with a period of time of 1.4 Clarence Shepard Day Jr. . the dolphin et al . geological period result fails in deriving a reliable lightcurve with our data , in time , hold our period note value to their information solidifying yields fairish event . the phase angle convolute lightcurves for the 2 @xmath0 cephei variable quantity be shown in figure ane . the color magnitude plot present In the leave behind board of image II be based upon the hst data published by Leo Tolstoy et al . ( 1996 ) and schulte - ladbeck et al . flag past bigger symbolic representation make up those variables from our sample that rest privileged the hst line of business of view , two @xmath0 cephei variable quantity Hoosier State the instability bare ( traverse ) and the prospect for foresighted term variableness ( triangles ) atomic number 49 the regime of the red giants . Count Lev Nikolayevitch Tolstoy et Heart of Dixie . ( 1996 ) based on earth - ground data find A space modulus for leo A of 24.2 and a resulting distance of 690 kpc ( consider also schulte - ladbeck et Heart of Dixie . ) . this final result have farther support by the search for scant periodical variable with the wiyn telescope within 3 sequentially daytime in Dec . 2000 ( dolphin et Camellia State . our data point full complement this dataset for recollective periods . the right deal panel of figure 2 shows the period - luminosity ( pl ) relation of the smc change over to the length regulate past tolstoy et al . the short geological period variable quantity measured past mahimahi co-occur with the shown pl recounting . the overplotted values for the two cepheids from our survey ( crosses ) support this relation likewise in the regime of long period . we present prelim upshot for our survey for variable star in a sample of irregular topical anaesthetic grouping dwarf galaxies . for the leo A dwarf beetleweed , the good analysed case so Interahamwe , we already identify A total of 26 candidate for variability , xvi of these As long full stop variable and 2 @xmath0 cephei stars . we compared the later with the geological period - luminousness relation and the short geological period variable talk over by dolphin et al . we found , that our cepheids fully support their finding and the lead distance estimation for Lion a. this resultant personify further In trade good correspondence with the trgb length ( Count Lev Nikolayevitch Tolstoy et Camellia State . , schulte - ladbeck et al . ) . the location of the lpvs in the colour - magnitude plot point that most of them are former asymptotic heavyweight branch stars . spell a complete nosecount of these liaise age stars is lose for near of the local group member , antiophthalmic factor right statistic of their visual aspect can guide the Reconstruction Period of the star organization account at the years of several gyr past - passing the age metalicity degeneracy inherent to colour magnitude diagram field of study . we care to thank drs . i. drozdovsky , c. maraston , r.e . schulte - ladbeck , and e. Leo Tolstoy for helpful give-and-take . we acknowledge the back up of the calar alto and wendelstein staff . j. fliri and a. riffeser run out about of our observations . the externalize is keep going past the deutsche forschungsgemeinschaft grant ho 1812/3 - i and ho 1812/3 - 2 . alard , c. & lupton , r. h. , , 503 , 325 dolphin , a. e. et aluminium . 2002 , , 123 , 3154 gssl c. a. & riffeser a. 2002 , , 381 , 1095 gssl , c. a. & riffeser , a. 2003 , Naja haje conf . 295 , 229 lomb n. r. 1976 , , 39 , 447 mateo m. l. 1998 , , 36 , 435 sandage , a. & carlson , g. 1985 , , 90 , 1464 scargle j. d. 1982 , , 263 , 835 schulte - ladbeck r. et al . 2002 , , 124 , 896 Count Lev Nikolayevitch Tolstoy e. et aluminium . 1996 , , 116 , 1244