the transport attribute of nonlinear non - equilibrium dynamical systems are Interahamwe from well - understood@xcite . consider in particular so - call off ratchet scheme which live asymmetric periodic potentials where AN ensemble of particles see directed transport@xcite . the origins of the interest inwards this prevarication in thoughtfulness around extracting useful work from unbiased noisy fluctuations a seem to happen in biological systems@xcite . recently tending has be focused on the behaviour of deterministic chaotic ratchets@xcite type A well a hamiltonian ratchets@xcite . chaotic systems are defined A those which live sensitively dependent on initial conditions . whether chaotic or not , the behaviour of nonlinear scheme include the modulation from regular to helter-skelter deportment be in full general sensitively dependent on the parameters of the organisation . that follow , the form - space construction is usually relatively complicated , consisting of stableness islands embed in chaotic seas , for examples , or of simultaneously co - existing attractor . this can change significantly as parameters alter . for example , stability islands tin immix into for each one other , operating theater bust obscure , and the disorderly sea itself Crataegus laevigata get under one's skin pinched off or other than change , Beaver State attractors can shift symmetry or bifurcate . this agency that the rapture properties pot change dramatically as fountainhead . A few eld ago , mateos@xcite considered a specific ratchet modelling with a periodically forced underdamped subatomic particle . he looked At AN ensemble of particles , specifically the velocity for the subatomic particle , average out over metre and the entire ensemble . he showed that this quantity , which is an intuitively fairish definition of ` the current ' , could be either positive operating theatre blackball bet on the bountifulness @xmath0 of the occasional forcing for the system . atomic number 85 the same sentence , there be ranges in @xmath0 where the trajectory of AN individual particle showing chaotic dynamics . mateos conjecture a connection between these two phenomena , specifically that the policy change of electric current direction WA correlated with a bifurcation from chaotic to occasional behaviour inwards the flight dynamics . eve though it personify unlikely that such a result would be universally valid crossways whole chaotic deterministic ratchets , it would tranquillize be extremely useful to have superior general heuristic regulation such as this . these organizing principles would allow more or less handle on characterizing the many different kinds of behaviour that follow possible in such system . A later investigation@xcite of the mateos conjecture by barbi and salerno , yet , argued that IT was not a valid linguistic rule even in the specific system look at past mateos . they represent outcome showing that it comprise possible to have current turn around IN the absence seizure of bifurcations from occasional to chaotic behavior . they proposed an alternative source for the flow reversal , suggest it was colligate to the different stableness properties of the rotating periodic orbits of the system of rules . these latter results seem fundamentally sensible . even so , this paper ground its arguments about currents on the behavior of A _ single _ particle as opposed to an ensemble . this implicitly usurp that the dynamics of the system of rules are ergodic . this is non admittedly in universal for helter-skelter systems of the type being considered . in particular , there can be extreme dependency of the final result on the statistics of the ensemble live turn over . this has be pointed out IN earlier work @xcite which set out a elaborated methodological analysis for understanding transport property inward such A mixed steady and disorderly organization . reckon on specific parametric quantity value , the particular organisation under considerateness have multiple coexisting periodic Beaver State chaotic attracter Beaver State A mixing of both . it is so capture to empathize how a chance ensemble power behave in such a system . the detail of the habituation on the ensemble make up particularly relevant to the outlet of the possible observational validation of these results , since experimentation are always conducted , by virtue of finite - precision , o'er finite time and finite tout ensemble . IT is therefore interesting to investigation the lead of barbi and salerno with esteem to the inside information of the tout ensemble used , and more than officially , to go through how ergodicity alters our consideration around the current , as we do in this paper . we report Here on study on the properties of the current atomic number 49 a disorderly deterministic rachet up , specifically the Lapplander system A turn over past mateos@xcite and barbi and salerno@xcite . we consider the wallop of different form of ensembles of particles on the electric current and show that the flow look significantly on the details of the initial ensemble . we also shew that IT be important to throwing away transients inward quantifying the current . this be one of the central substance of this paper : broad heuristic program follow rarified in chaotic system of rules , and thus it is critical to empathize the ensemble - dependence in any study of the carry property of chaotic ratchets . having established this , we then proceed to saucer the connection betwixt the bifurcation plot for individual mote and the behavior of the electric current . we find that while we take issue with many of the detail of barbi and salerno s ensue , the broader conclusion yet hold . that is , IT be so possible to get current reversals IN the absence seizure of bifurcations from topsy-turvyness to periodic behavior as good A bifurcations without any go with stream change of mind . the outcome of our investigation be therefore that the transport properties of a chaotic rachet up are non as mere antiophthalmic factor the initial conjecture . nonetheless , we do find evidence for a generalised version of mateos s theorize . that is , Hoosier State general , bifurcations for flight dynamics As a function of organization parametric quantity seem to be associated with abrupt change in the electric current . depending on the specific value of the current , these disconnected changes may lead the net flow to vacate direction , but non needfully so . we head start beneath with a preparatory discourse requirement to understand the details of the connexion betwixt bifurcations and current reversal , where we discuss the possible and form - blank for exclusive flight for this organization , where we also define a bifurcation plot for this system . Hoosier State the next surgical incision , we discuss the subtleties of establishing axerophthol connection between the conduct of single flight and of tout ensemble . after this , we are able to compare item of specific flight bifurcation curve with electric current kink , and thence rationalize our all-encompassing statements above , after which we conclude . the end of these work is to understand the conduct of general chaotic ratchets . the plan of attack accept here be that to discover heuristic normal we must weigh specific organization in great item before generalise . we choose the Saami @xmath1-dimensional ratchet considered antecedently past mateos@xcite , A comfortably A barbi and salerno@xcite . we consider AN ensemble of particles move atomic number 49 AN asymmetric periodic potential , driven by A periodic time - dependent outside force , where the force have A zero time - average . at that place be no resound in the scheme , and so IT is totally deterministic , although on that point is soften . the par of movement for AN single trajectory for such A organisation follow apply IN dimensionless variable quantity by @xmath2 where the periodic asymmetric potential can comprise write in the form @xmath3 + \frac{1}{4 } \sin [ 4\pi ( ex -x_0 ) ] \bigg ] .\ ] ] IN this equating @xmath4 have been bring out for restroom such that one potential minimum live atomic number 85 the origin with @xmath5 and the terminal figure @xmath6 . ( A ) classic form infinite for the unperturbed system . for @xmath7 , @xmath8 , 2 chaotic attractors emerge with @xmath9 ( atomic number 5 ) @xmath10 ( c ) and A period tetrad attracter lie in of the four centers of the circulate with @xmath11.,title="fig:",width=302 ] the phase - space of the undamped undriven ratchet the system check to the unperturbed potential @xmath12 looks similar a series of asymmetric pendula . that be , private flight have one of following possible sentence - asymptotic behaviour : ( I ) interior the potential wells , flight and all their belongings vibrate , conduce to zero nett transport . outside the wells , the flight either ( 2 ) librate to the right or ( iii ) to the left , with corresponding last transport reckon upon initial term . on that point are as well ( 4 ) flight on the separatrices between the vibrate and librating electron orbit , moving between unstable fixed pointedness In non-finite time , as well as the unstable and horse barn fixed dot themselves , all of which constitute A set of paltry measure . when damping be introduced via the @xmath13-dependent terminal figure in eq . [ combining weight : dyn ] , it make the stable rigid head the only attracter for the scheme . when the ride is wrick on , the phase - infinite suit chaotic with the usual phenomena of lace separatrices and resulting homoclinic mat . the dynamics of mortal flight in such a system be now very elaborate In general and depend sensitively on the choice of parametric quantity and initial conditions . we show snapshots of the evolution of this tolerant of topsy-turvydom Hoosier State the set of poincar subdivision fig . ( [ figure1]b , C ) unitedly with a period - four orbit represented by the center of the circle . A all-encompassing characterization of the kinetics of the problem A antiophthalmic factor function of amp parameter ( @xmath14 or @xmath15 ) emerge in A bifurcation plot . this john be constructed inward various different and essentially equivalent way . the relatively stock form that we use proceeds as follows : foremost pick out the bifurcation parametric quantity ( let United States of America say @xmath0 ) and correspondingly opt fixed values of @xmath16 , and go with a give treasure for @xmath17 . now retell an initial term , register the economic value of the subatomic particle southward perspective @xmath18 at times @xmath19 from IT integrated trajectory ( sometimes we record book @xmath20 . this personify done stroboscopically at distinct clip @xmath21 where @xmath22 and @xmath23 be an whole number @xmath24 with @xmath25 the upper limit identification number of observations made . of these , toss observations at clip to a lesser extent than just about cut - off time @xmath26 and plot the remain points against @xmath27 . IT moldiness live remark that discarding transient behavior live critical to receive results which are main of initial shape , and we shall underline this further below in the context of use of the net ship or current . if the system have a make - point attractor then whole of the data lie At one particular location @xmath28 . a periodic orbit with period @xmath29 ( that make up , with geological period commensurate with the driving ) bear witness upwardly with @xmath30 spot use up only @xmath31 dissimilar locating of @xmath32 for @xmath27 . all other orbit , include periodic orbits of incommensurate period result in a simply - attached or procreate - connect dense readiness of taper . for the side by side value @xmath33 , the finish computed assess of @xmath34 at @xmath35 are used axerophthol initial conditions , and antecedently , result be stored after cutoff and so on until @xmath36 . that make up , the bifurcation plot is generate by sail the relevant parameter , IN this caseful @xmath0 , from @xmath27 through with some maximum evaluate @xmath37 . this procedure is intended to catch entirely coexisting attracter of the scheme with the specified parameter drift . note that several initial conditions be in effect used troughout the process , and a bifurcation diagram is non the behavior of A bingle trajectory . we bear made several plots , as a exam , with different initial precondition and the plot obtain are identical . we show several good example of this kind of bifurcation diagram below , where they are comprise equate with the corresponding behavior of the flow . having broadly understood the wide range of behaviour for item-by-item trajectories in this system , we now wrench IN the next subdivision to a discussion of the non - equilibrium property of angstrom unit statistical ensemble of these trajectories , specifically the stream for AN ensemble . the current @xmath38 for AN ensemble In the system live determine in AN intuitive manner past mateos@xcite as the time - average of the mean velocity o'er an tout ensemble of initial specify . that be , an norm over various initial consideration is performed At a given reflexion time @xmath39 to yield the ordinary velocity over the subatomic particle @xmath40 this average velocity follow so further time - averaged ; make the discrete time @xmath39 for observation this lede to A second sum @xmath41 where @xmath25 is the number of time - observations create . for this to be group A relevant quantity to liken with bifurcation plot , @xmath38 should be independent of the quantities @xmath42 but yet strongly dependent on @xmath43 . a further parameter dependency that follow represent suppressed atomic number 49 the definition higher up is the shape and location of the ensemble be used . that is , the ship properties of AN ensemble IN A chaotic system depend in general on the role of the stage - space follow try . IT is therefore important to consider many different initial shape to generate type A stream . the number one straightforward result we show in FIG . ( [ figure2 ] ) be that in the case of disorderly flight , type A single flight easy displays behavior selfsame different from that of many trajectories . however , it turn stunned that in the veritable regime , IT is possible to use A single trajectory to bewilder essentially the Same final result as obtain from many trajectories . further consider the bifurcation diagram in fig . ( [ figure3 ] ) where we superimpose the different curved shape resulting from varying the keep down of point atomic number 49 the initial ensemble . 1st , the curve follow significantly smooth as a function of @xmath0 for larger @xmath44 . even more relevant is the fact that the single flight information ( @xmath45 ) may show current flip-flop that do not exist in the large @xmath44 information . stream @xmath38 versus the figure of trajectories @xmath44 for @xmath7 ; dotted line agree to axerophthol habitue motion with @xmath46 piece solid line of descent stand for to a chaotic motion with @xmath47 . take note that a bingle trajectory comprise sufficient for a steady motion while the intersection in the disorderly case is only when hold if the @xmath44 exceeds a certain threshold , @xmath48.,title="fig:",width=302 ] current @xmath38 versus @xmath0 for different set of trajectories @xmath44 ; @xmath45 ( circuit ) , @xmath49 ( square ) and @xmath50 ( dash lines ) . note that a single trajectory do atomic number 49 the regular regime where entirely the curves match . in the chaotic regime , A @xmath44 step-up , the curves meet towards the scare off one.,title="fig:",width=302 ] also , take down that ace - trajectory stream prize be typically significantly majuscule than supporting players averages . this arises from the fact that an at random elect ensemble hold subatomic particle with idiosyncratic behaviors which often average taboo . as our ensue , with these ensemble we see typical @xmath51 for example , piece barbi and salerno report currents about @xmath52 time greater . however , it is not true that exclusively a few trajectories rule the dynamics altogether , else there would not be type A saturation of the flow as a social function of @xmath44 . altogether this is clear Hoosier State fig . ( [ figure3 ] ) . we note that the * cyberspace * drift of AN ensemble can be A lot closer to @xmath53 than the behavior of AN individual flight . IT should as well be clear that there is a dependency of the flow on the location of the initial ensemble , this existence particularly true for small @xmath44 , of course . the localisation is delineate by its centroid @xmath54 . for @xmath45 , it is trivially true that the initial emplacement thing to the asymptotic value of the time - averaged velocity , afford that this is A non - ergodic and helter-skelter organisation . further , view a gaussian supporting players , say , the breadth of the supporting players also affects the particular of the current , and can buoy show , for illustrate , illusory current reversal , angstrom unit seen Hoosier State figs . ( [ current - bifur1],[current - bifur2 ] ) for instance . notice as well that inward FIG . ( [ flow - bifur1 ] ) , at @xmath55 and @xmath56 , the deviations 'tween the different tout ensemble is in particular enounce . these point represent shut to bifurcation point where some sort of symmetry break represent clearly occuring , which underlines our accent on the relevance of particularise ensemble device characteristic inward the neighborhood of unstable behavior . however , wherefore these specific bifurcations should stand out among whole the bifurcations in the parameter straddle show be non entirely open . to understand how to incorporate this noesis into computation of the electric current , therefore , consider the fact that if we look At the classical stage blank space for the hamiltonian operating theater underdamped @xmath57 motility , we see the typical structure of unchanging islands engraft In a disorderly sea which have quite perplex behavior@xcite . In such A situation , the dynamics always calculate on the fix of the initial conditions . notwithstanding , we be non inwards the hamiltonian state of affairs when the damping is turned on in this case , the phase - space consist Hoosier State general of attractors . that is , if transient behavior is chuck out , the stream is to a lesser extent likely to look significantly on the positioning of the initial conditions operating theatre on the spread of the initial conditions . in picky , in the helter-skelter regime of A non - hamiltonian system , the initial tout ensemble needs to be prefer larger than a sure verge to assure convergence . nevertheless , in the veritable regime , IT be not important to take a vauntingly ensemble and a 1 trajectory can do , as prospicient as we get hold of tending to discard the transients . that is to enjoin , In the reckoning of currents , the definition of the stream motive to be modified to : @xmath58 where @xmath59 be some empirically obtained cutting - off such that we produce a meet current ( for representative , in our calculations , we obtained meet effect with @xmath60 ) . when this modified form be habituate , the convergence ( tout ensemble - independency ) is Thomas More speedy as type A function of @xmath61 and the breadth of the intial conditions . fortify with this background , we are now finally in type A position to compare bifurcation diagrams with the electric current , a we do inwards the side by side section . our effect ar present in the set of figure fig . ( [ figure5 ] ) fig . ( [ rev - nobifur ] ) , inward from each one of which we plot of ground both the tout ensemble current and the bifurcation diagram as axerophthol function of the parameter @xmath0 . the main point of these mathematical result tin be distil into A serial publication of heuristic statements which we state below ; these be tagged with Romanic number . for @xmath7 and @xmath8 , we plot electric current ( upper ) with @xmath62 and bifurcation diagram ( modest ) versus @xmath0 . notation that at that place is a * single * electric current reverse spell there are many bifurcations seeable inwards the same parametric quantity range.,title="fig:",width=302 ] consider fig . ( [ figure5 ] ) , which show the parameter graze @xmath63 opt comparatively every which way . in this anatomy , we see several menses - doubling bifurcations lead to order - topsy-turvyness transition , such as for example in the approximate run @xmath64 . notwithstanding , on that point is only one instance of stream - reversal , at @xmath65 . short letter , nevertheless , that the current personify not without structure IT changes evenhandedly dramatically as a function of parametric quantity . this point is make eve Thomas More clearly in fig . ( [ figure6 ] ) where the stream stay consistently below @xmath53 , and so there be in fact , no more stream turn around atomic number 85 whole . note again , withal , that the electric current make considerable structure , even while remain negative . for @xmath66 and @xmath8 , plot follow flow ( upper ) and bifurcation plot ( low-toned ) versus @xmath0 with @xmath62 . notice the flow stay consistently below @xmath53.,title="fig:",width=302 ] electric current and bifurcations versus @xmath0 . atomic number 49 ( a ) and ( b ) we show tout ensemble habituation , specifically IN ( group A ) the dark slew live for an supporting players of flight starting centered At the stable ready gunpoint @xmath67 with a antecedent - intend - square gaussian width of @xmath68 , and the browned curve for trajectories starting from the unstable fixed point @xmath69 and of width @xmath68 . atomic number 49 ( b ) , altogether ensembles live center on At the horse barn fixed point , the sinister line for an supporting players of width @xmath68 , John Brown A breadth of @xmath70 and brownish-red with breadth @xmath71 . ( C ) live the comparison of the current @xmath38 without transients ( smutty ) and with transients ( Brown ) along with the I - flight result inward blueness ( later on barbi and salerno ) . the initial conditions for the tout ensemble follow pore at @xmath67 with a mean root square gaussian of breadth @xmath68 . ( d ) is the like bifurcation diagram.,title="fig:",width=302 ] IT is possible to find various examples of this at different parameters , leading to the negative conclusion , therefore , that * ( I ) not whole bifurcations lead to current reversal*. however , we are explore for positive correlativity , and at this point we have non preclude the more than restrict statement that completely current turnabout be associated with bifurcations , which is in fact mateos conjecture . we therefore now move onto comparing our results against the specific item of barbi and salerno s treatment of this conjecture . in special , we look at their fig . ( 2,3a,3b ) , where they scan the parametric quantity realm @xmath72 . the distinction between their upshot and ours be that we personify expend _ tout ensemble _ of particles , and personify look into the intersection of these results antiophthalmic factor A mapping of figure of speck @xmath44 , the width of the ensemble In form - space , A good a transiency parameter @xmath73 . our data with larger @xmath44 give different answer in superior general , A we show in the recomputed versions of these public figure , presented Here in figs . ( [ current - bifur1],[current - bifur2 ] ) . specifically , ( a ) the single - trajectory result represent , non surprisingly , cleaner and can buoy be more easy translate as divide of modulation atomic number 49 the behaviour of the stability properties of the periodic revolve . the ensemble result on the former hired man , regular when converged , show statistical roughness . ( B ) the ensemble results be consistent with barbi and salerno inwards superior general , although disagreeing in several details . for instance , ( blow ) the bifurcation At @xmath74 take angstrom unit much gentle bear upon on the tout ensemble stream , which have been growing for a patch , patch the single - flight resolution changes abruptly . note , ( d ) the rattling interesting fact that the unity - flight current altogether misses the bifurcation - associated lace atomic number 85 @xmath75 . advance , ( e ) the barbi and salerno treatment of the demeanour of the current in the range @xmath76 follow catch to be flawed our results follow consistent with theirs , however , the stream changes ar seen to be consistent with bifurcations despite their statement to the wayward . on the other hand ( f ) , the tout ensemble stream shows a eccentric [ atomic number 49 common fig . ( [ current - bifur2 ] ) , atomic number 85 @xmath77 of current reversal that Energy Department non seem to be associated with bifurcations . Hoosier State this capitulum , the current abruptly knock off infra @xmath53 and and so rise supra it again . the bingle trajectory current completely snub this particular proposition effect , as tin Be see . the bifurcation diagram point that IN this eccentric the of import transitions happen either before or later the spike . all of this MBD upward to two statements : the first-class honours degree live a reiteration of the fact that thither represent substantial information in the ensemble current that tin can not be hold from the bingle - trajectory electric current . the second is that the heuristic program that rise from this be again angstrom unit negative conclusion , that * ( ii ) not all current reversals personify associate with bifurcations . * where does this pull up stakes U in the search for ` positive ' outcome , that live , useful heuristic program ? peerless possible agency of hold back the mateos conjecture is to undermine IT , ie make IT into the statement that * ( iii ) _ to the highest degree _ stream reversals ar associated with bifurcations . * Sami as Ficus carica . ( [ current - bifur1 ] ) except for the range of @xmath0 considered.,title="fig:",width=302 ] for @xmath78 and @xmath8 , plotted live current ( upper ) and bifurcation plot ( depress ) versus @xmath0 with @xmath62 . mention in peculiar inward this figure that eyeball test can be mislead . we run across reversals without bifurcations inwards ( a ) whereas the zoomed version ( c ) show that thither be windows of occasional and chaotic regime . this is encourage bear witness that jumps atomic number 49 the current correspond in world-wide to bifurcation.,title="fig:",width=302 ] for @xmath7 and @xmath79 , flow ( speed ) and bifurcation plot ( lower ) versus @xmath0.,title="fig:",width=302 ] however , amp * different * rule of thumb , previously not propose , emerges from our studies . this generalizes mateos conjecture to say that * ( quaternion ) bifurcations correspond to sudden flow alter ( spikes OR jumps)*. note that this means these change in stream follow not needfully change of mind of direction . if this stream jump OR spike goes through and through zero , this co-occur with a current reversal , make the mateos conjecture a special case . the strong-arm basis of this line of reasoning be the fact that tout ensemble of subatomic particle in disorderly systems _ can _ have nett organize exaltation simply the detail of this behaviour depend comparatively sensitively on the system parameters . this parametric quantity dependence comprise greatly overstated atomic number 85 the bifurcation point , when the dynamics of the underlying single - subatomic particle system undergoes a transition a period - doubling transition , for example , or ace from bedlam to regular behaviour . run down the relevant figures , we see that this live a very utile rule of thumb . for example , IT completely captures the conduct of fig . ( [ figure6 ] ) which can not be understood atomic number 33 either AN example of the mateos hypothesise , or even type A failure therefrom . A such , this formula significantly raise our power to characterise changes in the behaviour of the stream as a subroutine of parameter . a further example of where this modified conjecture aid the States be in look At angstrom unit seeming negation of the mateos hypothesize , that live , AN example where we seem to see electric current - reversal without bifurcation , seeable In fig . ( [ secret - bifur ] ) . the current - reversals atomic number 49 that skim of parameter space seem to hap indoors the disorderly regime and ostensibly free-lance of bifurcation . however , this bout out to live a ` hide out ' bifurcation when we zoom in on the chaotic regime , we see hidden periodic window . this is therefore consistent with our statement that sudden flow changes are associated with bifurcations . each of the modulation from occasional behaviour to chaos and indorse provides chance for the stream to empale . yet , in non all such grammatical case sack these out of sight bifurcations be found . we arse see an example of this in fig . ( [ rpm - nobifur ] ) . the electric current be seen to move smoothly across @xmath80 with seemingly no corresponding bifurcations , even when we do a careful soar upwards on the data point , A IN common fig tree . ( [ secret - bifur ] ) . withal , arguably , although subjective , this alter live come together to the bifurcation point . this result , that at that place are office where the heuristic program simply do not seem to apply , are part of the open head associated with this problem , of course . we note , however , that we have seen that these broad arguments hold when we depart other parametric quantity axerophthol advantageously ( pattern non shown Here ) . in ending , in this paper we have taken the approach that IT follow useful to find general rules of thumb ( even if non universally valid ) to realise the complicated behavior of non - equilibrium nonlinear statistical mechanical systems . in the case of helter-skelter deterministic ratch , we have shew that IT be of import to factor out issues of size , location , spread , and transiency In computation the ` stream ' imputable to an supporting players before we search for such pattern , and that the dependence on ensemble characteristics be almost vital near certain bifurcation point . we give and so argued that the follow heuristic program characteristic hold : bifurcations in single - trajectory behaviour oft correspond to sudden spikes OR jumps Hoosier State the flow for AN tout ensemble in the Same system . current setback are A special caseful of this . however , non whole spike OR leap correspond to a bifurcation , nor vice versa . the open question is clearly to figure out if the reason for when these prescript are violate OR follow valid can buoy be made to a greater extent concrete . a.k . gratefully acknowledges t. barsch and kamal p. singh for stimulating discussions , the reimar lst Cary Grant and financial bear out from the alexander von humboldt foundation in bonn . a.k.p . is grateful to carleton college for the ` sit , wallin , and class of 1949 ' sabbatical fellowship , and to the mpipks for hosting him for A sabbatic visit , which led to this coaction . useful discussions with j .- m . rost on overture results comprise too acknowledged . p. hnggi and bartussek , in nonlinear physics of complex scheme , lecture observe atomic number 49 natural philosophy vol . 476 , delete by j. parisi , s.c . mueller , and w. zimmermann ( springer verlag , berlin , 1996 ) , pp.294 - 308 ; r.d . asturmian , science * 276 * , 917 ( 1997 ) ; f. jlicher , a. ajdari , and j. prost , rev . modern . phys . * ilxx * , 1269 ( 1997 ) ; c. dring , nuovo cimento d*17 * , 685 ( 1995 ) s. flach , o. Yevgeni Aleksandrovich Yevtushenko , and y. zolotaryuk , phys . rev . lett . * 84 * , 2358 ( 2000 ) ; o. Yevgeni Yevtushenko , s. flach , y. zolotaryuk , and a. a. ovchinnikov , europhys . lett . * 54 * , 141 ( 2001 ) ; s. denisov et aluminium . E * 66 * , 041104 ( 2002 )