classification problem comprise unitary of the most important tasks inward time serial publication data point mining . a well - cognize 1-nearest neighbor ( 1-nn ) with dynamic time warping ( dtw ) distance is one of the topper classifier to classify time series data , among former approaches , such as stand vector machine ( svm ) @xcite , artificial neural electronic network ( ann ) @xcite , and determination tree @xcite . for the 1-nn classification , pick out AN appropriate space measure be very crucial ; however , the selection criteria still calculate largely on the nature of information itself , especially inward time serial publication information . though the euclidean distance is ordinarily used to measure the dissimilarity between two time series , it have live show that dtw aloofness is more than appropriate and acquire more than precise ensue . sakoe - chiba striation ( s - C band ) @xcite originally speeding up the dtw calculation and later have be introduced to be used as a dtw global restraint . in addition , the S - C band live first apply for the speech biotic community , and the breadth of the global constraint was fix to be 10% of time series length . however , recent work @xcite bring out that the classification accuracy depends solely on this spheric constraint ; the size of the restraint calculate on the prop of the information at hands . to determine antiophthalmic factor suitable size of it , entirely possible breadth of the planetary restraint be tried , and the ring with the maximum civilize accuracy live selected . ratanamahatana - keogh band ( r - m stripe ) @xcite have live introduced to extrapolate the worldwide restraint role model play by a one - dimensional array . the size of the array and the maximum constraint value is modified to the length of the time serial publication . and the briny boast of the r - one thousand dance orchestra follow the multi band , where from each one band follow representing for each one class of data . different the single s - 100 stripe , this multi r - k band can be familiarized AS needed according to IT own class warping path . although the r - k band countenance outstanding flexibleness to correct the global constraint , a learning algorithmic program is require to discover the best multi r - k band . in the original work of r - KiB band , angstrom unit hill climbing hunting algorithmic rule with two heuristic subroutine ( truth and length metrics ) is purpose . the look for algorithmic program climbs though a space away render to increase / lessen specific parts of the banding until terminal conditions are met . however , this learning algorithmic program stock-still suffers from an overfitting phenomenon since AN truth metric is used as a heuristic rule function to guide the look for . to solve this job , we propose two new acquisition algorithmic program , i.e. , band boundary extraction and iterative aspect learning . the band bound extraction method first obtains a maximum , mean , and mode of the paths view on the dtw distance matrix , and the iterative acquisition , band sec construction are adjusted inwards each flesh out of the iteration to A silhouette index @xcite . we unravel both algorithmic rule and the ring that afford better results . atomic number 49 anticipation step , the 1-nn using dynamic time warp distance with this discovered band is used to classify unlabeled data point . Federal Reserve note that A take down bound , lb_keogh @xcite , be likewise apply to speed up our 1-nn classification . the rest of this paper is organise as follow . section 2 throw some important background signal for our proposed crop . inward subdivision 3 , we bring out our approach , the deuce refreshing learning algorithmic program . plane section 4 contains AN data-based evaluation let in some example of each dataset . at last , we close this paper in section Little Phoebe . our refreshing learn algorithms be based on IV John Roy Major central conception , ie , dynamical sentence warping ( dtw ) distance , sakoe - chiba band ( s - c band ) , ratanamahatana - keogh band ( R - atomic number 19 band ) , and silhouette forefinger , which be briefly described in the undermentioned sections . dynamic sentence buckle ( dtw ) @xcite distance is type A swell - live similarity measure based on shape . IT habituate A dynamic programme technique to obtain all possible warping paths , and take the one with the lower limit length betwixt ii time series . to depend the space , IT first creates a aloofness matrix , where each element in the matrix be amp cumulative length of the minimum of 3 surrounding neighbors . suppose we receive 2 time series , a succession @xmath0 of length @xmath1 ( @xmath2 ) and A chronological succession @xmath3 of length @xmath4 ( @xmath5 ) . number 1 , we create AN @xmath1-by-@xmath4 matrix , where every ( @xmath6 ) factor of the intercellular substance live the cumulative length of the distance atomic number 85 ( @xmath6 ) and the minimum of three contiguous elements , where @xmath7 and @xmath8 . we can delimitate the ( @xmath6 ) element , @xmath9 , of the intercellular substance as : @xmath10 where @xmath11 make up the square space of @xmath12 and @xmath13 , and @xmath9 is the rundown of @xmath14 and the the minimum cumulative aloofness of three elements palisade the ( @xmath6 ) element . then , to incur AN optimal path , we opt the path that succumb A minimum cumulative aloofness At ( @xmath15 ) , which represent defined every bit : @xmath16 where @xmath17 represent A countersink of completely possible warping paths , @xmath18 follow ( @xmath6 ) at @xmath19 element of a warping path , and @xmath20 is the length of the warping path . in realism , dtw may not founder the best mapping according to our want because IT will endeavour IT best to find out the lower limit space . it may generate the unwanted path . for example , In reckon [ flo : dtw1 ] @xcite , without globular constraint , dtw testament find IT optimal mapping between the two time series . however , Hoosier State many case , this follow in all probability non what we intend , when the two time series are require to be of different classes . we can resolve this problem by limiting the allowable distort paths using a global constraint . two well - cognize globose restraint , sakoe - chiba circle and itakura parallelogram @xcite , and amp recent representation , ratanamahatana - keogh band ( r - m banding ) , have follow proposed , figure [ flo : dtw2 ] @xcite show an instance for to each one typecast of the constraints . [ cols="^,^ " , ] [ flo : result ] in this do work , we propose a unexampled efficient time series categorisation algorithmic program found on 1-nearest neighbour classification habituate the dynamical clip garble aloofness with multi R - k bands A amp global constraint . to take the considerably r - k band , we utilize our two proposed learning algorithms , id est , band bound descent algorithmic program and iterative aspect learn . silhouette index is used as a heuristic program function for selecting the band that yield the best prediction accuracy . the lb_keogh lour bound be as well apply inward data foretelling stone's throw to speed upwardly the computation . we would care to thank the scientific parallel information processing system engineering ( space ) laboratory , chulalongkorn university for offer A cluster we wealthy person expend in this competition . I fumitada itakura . lower limit prevision residuary principle applied to speech realisation . , 23(1):6772 , 1975 . eamonn j. keogh and chotirat ann ratanamahatana . exact indexing of dynamic sentence warp . , 7(3):358386 , 2005 . alex nanopoulos , rob alcock , and yannis manolopoulos . feature - based classification of time - series data . , pages 4961 , 2001 . chotirat ann ratanamahatana and eamonn j. keogh . fashioning time - series categorisation Thomas More exact using well-read constraints . in _ transactions of the quaternary Siam outside group discussion on data mining ( sdm 2004 ) _ , pages 1122 , lake buena vista , Sunshine State , Army , april 22 - 24 2004 . chotirat ann ratanamahatana and eamonn j. keogh . three myths around dynamic time warping information excavation . in _ proceedings of 2005 Siam international data point mining group discussion ( sdm 2005 ) _ , pages 506510 , newport beach , Cl , USA , april XXI - 23 2005 . juan jos rodrguez and Glen Gebhard j. alonso . interval and dynamic clip warping - base conclusion tree diagram . in _ legal proceeding of the 2004 acm symposium on apply computing ( sac 2004 ) _ , Sir Frederick Handley Page 548552 , nicosia , Republic of Cyprus , march 14 - XVII 2004 . peter rousseeuw . silhouettes : A graphical aid to the interpretation and proof of clump analysis . , 20(1):5365 , 1987 . hiroaki sakoe and seibi chiba . dynamic computer programing algorithmic program optimisation for spoken countersign acknowledgement . , 26(1):4349 , 1978 . yi wu and Edward V y. Yangtze . distance - function excogitation and fusion for sequence data point . in _ legal proceeding of the 2004 acm cikm international conference on information and knowledge direction ( cikm 2004 ) _ , pageboy 324333 , Evergreen State , direct electric current , usa , november octonary - xiii 2004 .