this paper presents data point for the last two patches ( light speed and cholecalciferol ) of the sky take note past the public eso project sight ( eis ) , being take out inward preparation for the first yr of regular military operation of vlt . the atomic number 53 - circle information describe here covers a total area of 12 square degrees , down to @xmath6 , fit to deuce patches probing separated regions of the pitch , sestet square degree each . the present act upon full complement former report in the series ( nonino 1998 ; paper i , prandoni 1998 ; paper iii ) and nail the presentation of the data point collect past the eis watching carried out in the period of time july 1997-march 1998 as part of the wide - angle imaging follow in the beginning describe by renzini and DA costa ( 1997 ) and in paper i. the primary scientific discipline goal for go over patch up c and 500 follow to search for and produce A list of distant galaxy cluster candidates that would full complement those of the former two plot of ground ( type A and b ) reported earliest ( olsen 1998a , b : paper ii and v ) , provide vlt targets intimately year - round . patch c and d represent also selected to convergence with the ongoing 92 cm westerbork survey inward the southern cerebral hemisphere ( compliments ) beingness carried come out In the realm @xmath7 and @xmath8 . originally , the eis observation were expected to be contain out in 2 passbands ( v and i ) . yet , because of time constraint and the prospect of affix the eis observance at the ntt with the young wide - orbit imager for the 2.2 m eso / mpia telescope , orientation was given to increase the area covered past the i - band reflection , more suitable for identifying distant clusters with @xmath9 ( see paper v ) . this decision grant the full reporting of the select patches , yield a come insurance coverage of dozen second power degrees . combined with the data point for plot of ground a and b the eis i - band data cover version antiophthalmic factor total field of around 17 square degrees , currently the big available survey of IT kind in the southern cerebral hemisphere . the goal of the submit paper be to describe the device characteristic of the i - dance orchestra observations of patch up c and d. Hoosier State section 2 , the observations , standardization and the quality of the data are describe . In segment 3 , the physical object catalogs extracted from the images are examined and compared with data point from the other patches and other information set to comparable depth . concluding point out are presented in section 4 . the observance of plot of land c and d be carry out terminated several month atomic number 49 the period november ( Dec for patch calciferol ) 1997 to march 1998 , use the red TV channel of the emmi camera on the 3.5 m young engineering scope ( ntt ) at la silla . the red-faced channel of emmi live equipped with A tektronix 2046 @xmath10 2046 microchip with a pixel size of it of 0.266 arcsec and A useful field - of - view of astir @xmath11 . the observance be extend out A a serial publication of overlapping 150 sec exposure , with each posture on the sky being try at least twice , using the astray - circle filter wb829#797 delineate in paper ace , and for which the color terminal figure comparative to the first cousin system is small . the data for darn light speed and d comprise of 1348 frames but alone 1203 were admit for final analysis , discarding 145 set up obtained in poor seeing term ( @xmath12 arcsec ) . the frame in reality go for have a seeing atomic number 49 the set out 0.5 to 1.6 arcsec , considerably ameliorate than the information useable for patches A and b hold atomic number 85 the peak of el nio . figure [ Libyan Fighting Group : seeing ] shows the seeing distribution of entirely remark frames in each patch . for comparing the figure also evince the see statistical distribution of the accept frames , with the vertical lines in each panel point the median view and the quartiles of the distribution . from the figure one uncovering that the median seeing for both patches is sub - arcsec ( @xmath13 inverse secant ) with only 25% of the area covered away frames with A sightedness larger than 1 arcsec . the good quality of the reflexion canful as well be seen from figure [ Al-Jama'a al-Islamiyyah al-Muqatilah bi-Libya : limiso ] which shows the @xmath14 limiting isophote within 1 arcsec for apiece patch . apart from one subrow Hoosier State patch c , in both cases the limiting isophote follow typically @xmath15 25.3 @xmath16 mag arcsec@xmath17 . the two - dimensional distributions of the take care and define isophote are shown atomic number 49 figures [ fig : seeing_cont ] and [ Libyan Islamic Group : limiso_cont ] . comparison with similar distributions exhibit inwards earlier papers ( paper i and 3 ) exhibit that the data point for patches c and D be significantly better . note that for from each one patch table follow uncommitted listing the position of each have frame , IT escort , qualifying isophote and photometrical zero - power point and can be base at `` http://www.eso.org/eis '' . in late february 1998 , type A realignment of the secondary mirror live carry verboten by the ntt team up in an attempt to minimize the image distortions seen in the upper part , peculiarly the upper - right hand tree , of the emmi frames . roughly framing for piece c and most of the frames in patch d be observed with the new setup of the ntt . testing of the point cattle farm office for these frame in showed no more substantial advance in the prize of the image . this point out the motive to introduce A position - dependent estimator for the peak - spread procedure to tell uniformness in the star / galaxy separation across the frame . this is particularly important for range remark under salutary seeing conditions . in fact , examining the uniformness of the categorization every bit type A function of position on the chip it is found that there is A 10% step-up inward the density of galaxies atomic number 85 the upper edge of the chip , due to misclassifications , significantly larger than that see inwards paper i. in the last three runnel ( january - process ) it was also observe weak ( at the @xmath18 point of the background interference ) elongate feature film aligned along the east - west instruction ( perpendicular to the read-out axis ) associated with moderately bright star located in the low-toned half of the ccd non previously see . the cause for the these boast are at the present time undecipherable but are probably due to the electronic of the old - generation ccd controller of emmi , when employ Hoosier State a dual - port read-out style . these affects two - third of the dapple c flesh and fundamentally entirely the spell D frame up . these light trails come randomly in the patch and there is no obvious right smart of rectify for them a priori . AN important import of this problem personify that it leads to A localized increase in the catching of low - Earth's surface cleverness target over a run of magnitudes ( typically @xmath19 ) which tooshie cause antiophthalmic factor important impact in the cluster sensing algorithm ( scodeggio 1998 , paper vii ) . this represent unfortunate because both patches c and ergocalciferol personify turn up at lower astronomical parallel ( @xmath20 ) with well-nigh an rules of order of magnitude large density of principal than the premature patches . the photometrical calibration of the patch represent carried out , as described in report I and iii , by make up one's mind A mutual zero - point for all set up from the solution of A globular to the lowest degree - foursquare set to all the comparative cipher - aim , tighten up their join to Be be to zero . the inviolable zero point - point was regulate by a round-eyed zero - manoeuvre offset determined from the common zero in - show of all frames keep in photometric conditions . thither be 340 and 290 such frame , cover up around 80% and 60% of the surveyed expanse , in patch C and d , respectively ( look compute [ Libyan Islamic Group : intersection ] ) . the zero - point for these frames be determined using A total of 10 athletic field containing of the Order of xlv standard star take from landolt ( 1992 a , type B ) , observed inwards tenner Night for darn blow and in 11 nights for patch d. all told 215 independent measure of criterion atomic number 49 the threesome passbands represent used Hoosier State the calibration . comparing with international data intimate that a zero - point outset provides AN adequate photometrical calibration for the intact patch . inwards order to check the photometric standardization and the uniformity of the zero - points , ransack from the denis survey ( epchtein 1996 ) cut through the appraise area the part of overlap of these data point be shown in figure [ fig : intersection ] , which bear witness that thither personify v strips hybridizing patch c and two strip show traverse patch d. in the figure the regions maintain under photometrical conditions be too indicated . comparison of this figure with their counterparts present In written document ace and iii , clear show that the data for patches c and d are of higher-up lineament , with A much larger fraction of frames take under photometrical train . in purchase order to inquire possible systematic erroneous belief Hoosier State the photometric 0 - point over the descale of the patch , the eis catalog follow compared with object catalog draw out from the denis strips that cross the study regions ( see figure [ fig : intersection ] ) . comparison of the catalogs allows unitary to inquire the variance of the zero point - taper over the patch . the results follow shown Hoosier State figure [ fig : denis ] . the domain in which the comparison put up be ready personify comparatively small because of vividness of objects in eis at the bright cease ( @xmath21 ) and the shallow magnitude boundary of denis ( @xmath22 ) . stillness , within the ii magnitude where equivalence live possible ane find A roughly constant zero - repoint offset of less than 0.02 mag for both funnies and a scatter of @xmath23 mag that canful be attributed to the errors in the denis magnitudes ( deul 1998 ) . in order to pass judgment the quality of the information uncomplicated statistics compute from the object catalog extracted from the range be equate in this section with sit predictions and other information readiness . the catalogs deduct from individual frames be used to bring forth the regular , singular and salutary get word catalogs , line in earlier paper . the spacial statistical distribution of stars and galaxies , outlined using similar asterisk / extragalactic nebula classification criteria type A In previous written document of the series , are evidence in image [ fig : pc_visu ] and [ fig : pd_visu ] shoot down to @xmath24 and @xmath25 for stars and beetleweed , respectively . the latter correspond rough to the completeness limit of the physical object catalog . this limit was established using the object catalogue express from the co - addition of image of a reference frame have periodically during the observations of A patch . remark that because of the much better seeing star / Galax urceolata classification be possible down to @xmath26 and the completeness is virtually 0.5 mag deep . or so betterment Hoosier State the categorization be gestate from a new estimator being implemented Hoosier State sextractor base on amp position - dependent psf fit scheme currently being tested . this new version should also amend the uniformity of the categorization across the chip . the dispersion of the stars and wandflower shown in figures [ fig : pc_visu ] and [ fig : pd_visu ] live unco homogeneous and considerably better than those see in the previous eis patches due to the very much advantageously observing conditions . this follow straight except for group A small part of about 0.2 square degrees In patch c which has personify transfer , antiophthalmic factor indicated inward cipher [ common fig tree : pc_visu ] . the only problem see with the galaxy catalogue atomic number 49 these patches is the presence of various comparatively tenuous one-dimensional characteristic understandably view at high resolution ( see eis release Sir Frederick Handley Page ) . these features be a aftermath of the electronic job mentioned supra and are not easily correct for atomic number 85 the image even . in Order to evaluate the data the general properties of the extract object catalogs are investigated and compared with model anticipation and other data sets . note that patch C and D be located atomic number 85 lower galactic parallel and the number of stars is considerably larger . in plus , the seeing personify substantially better than In old patches . therefore , it is of pursuit to Re - evaluate the overall performance of the eis line simplification under these unexampled conditions . enter [ Libyan Fighting Group : star_counts ] , shows the comparing of the star counts for patch c and d derived using the astral sample extract from the object catalogs , with the predicted counts base on a galactic model composed of AN old - disc , a thick disk and type A halo . the star - enumerate have been computed use the framework described by mndez and van altena ( 1996 ) , using the standard parameters described in their put over 1 and AN @xmath27 of 0.015 and 0.010 for patches c and d , severally . IT comprise important to emphasize that no more attempt get personify made to scene whatever of the model parameter to the observed counts . the model be used solely type A a guide to evaluate the data . A tin can be seen there is amp good agreement At bright magnitudes ( @xmath28 ) , simply the observed enumerate register AN excess atomic number 85 fainter magnitude ( @xmath29 ) . even though it be unlikely that this surplus be due to misclassified beetleweed at these relatively bright magnitude , a better concord can be achieved if a higher stellarity index is assumed . on the other mitt , IT be also possible that the mold underestimates the contribution of the thick - disk which makes A significant contribution Hoosier State this magnitude range . the steep knock off inwards the stellar number beyond @xmath30 is partially due to the comparatively high stellarity index adopted , which was elect to minimize the losses of extragalactic nebula . by take over a stellarity index of 0.5 the drop in the counts may be obviate down to @xmath31 . nonetheless , At these magnitude and this prize of the stellarity index taint by beetleweed may be significant . some other potential problem at these faint magnitudes be the misclassification of star as a issue of the deformation effects in emmi , that john have some wallop for range of a function taken in serious seeing conditions . atomic number 49 order to evaluate the depth of the extragalactic nebula samples , galaxy counts in patches c and d are compared with those of previous patches in figure [ Al-Jama'a al-Islamiyyah al-Muqatilah bi-Libya : gal_counts ] . there is a remarkable agreement among the counts derived for the dissimilar patches , signal that the identification of galaxies has non been affected by the reflexion At lower astronomical latitudes . the galaxy count obtain from the dissimilar piece have live combined to compute the meanspirited galaxy counts and the variance . this is too shown inward image [ common fig tree : gal_counts ] where IT be equate to former grind - based number ( postman 1998 ) and those from hdf ( Roger Williams 1996 ) , fitly converted to the cousins system ( see paper iii ) . as dismiss be see the eis galaxy counts concord extremely well with the ground - base data covering comparable region over the entire magnitude range shoot down to @xmath32 and with the bright terminate of the hdf counts . the excellent internal and outside correspondence of the atomic number 53 - band Galax urceolata counts serves as A confirmation of the reliability of the eis extragalactic nebula catalogs . descent from CO - added mental image should allow pass on about 0.5 mag deep . i right smart of examine the boilers suit uniformness of the galaxy catalogs is to enjoyment the two - point angulate correlational statistics procedure , @xmath33 , group A departures from uniformity should affect the coefficient of correlation mathematical function specially at faint magnitude . the latter should be sensitive to unreal pattern , especially to the form of the individual compose , or possible slope in the density o'er the field , which could result from turgid - surmount slope of the photometrical zero - point . note that any residuary result due to the wrong association of target inward the border of overlapping frames would lead to a control grid pattern ( see the weight map in the eis release page ) that could impact the angular correlation occasion . figure [ fig : W ] shows @xmath33 obtained for different magnitude musical interval for both patch , use the estimator suggest away landy & szalay ( 1993 ) . the calculation has been do over the entire area of patch D and most of the area of patch 100 , with only one subrow ( 10 serial frame ) removed according to the discussion supra ( see section [ OB ] ) . for comparing , @xmath33 computed for the former patch personify likewise shown ( papers i and 3 ) from which the cosmic variance can personify judge straight from the data . as privy be see thither personify a remarkable agreement for all the magnitude intervals consider . moreover , the magnanimous immediate area of piece c and d allows to estimation the angular correlativity function out to @xmath34 degree . in all cases @xmath33 follow well described by group A power constabulary @xmath35 with @xmath36 In the stray 0.7 - 0.8 . note that for patch b the results refer to the Galax urceolata sampling obtained after remove the play up cluster ( realise paper iii ) . atomic number 49 particular , there be no evidence for whatever inherent pattern associate with the convergence of different underframe . the essence on @xmath33 be valuate past carrying out computer simulation by adding to the take note galaxy dispersion a grid pattern with different density direct contrast . it WA found that for heights contrast this would trail to local clinical depression in the angulate correlational statistics function on scales of half the size of it of the diagonal of the storage-battery grid and its multiples , with the depth of depression depending on the relative density . none such features are seen further suggest the uniformness of the come Galax urceolata catalog . finally , note that the good understanding of @xmath33 for the different piece affirm that the keep an eye on small - scale elongate feature associate with the faint light track , mentioned in section [ Ob River ] , have selfsame little encroachment inward the angulate correlation function . type A show in paper iii the dependence of the bounty of the correlational statistics function on the limiting magnitude of the sample be uniform with earlier estimates based on significantly small areas and the recent results reported by postman ( 1998 ) . these issue show that the eis beetleweed catalogue are spatially uniform and form a homogenous data set independent of the patch , yield reproducible results . in conclusion , preeminence that even though A single power - law with a slope betwixt 0.7 - 0.8 gives a reasonable fit for the correlation figure in entirely magnitude bins , thither be roughly indicant that for fainter samples ( @xmath37 ) the angular correlativity function English hawthorn be unspoilt symbolize by II decided power - natural law . on small-scale scales ( @xmath38 ) the slope remains the same spell on larger shell it suit gradually flatter . group A similar conduct personify find inward the @xmath33 computed for totally four patch . this flattening seems to be logical with earlier claims by campos ( 1995 ) and neuschaefer and windhorst ( 1995 ) using significantly littler try , and more than recently away postman ( 1998 ) with axerophthol sample of similar size of it to eis but wrap up a single immediate region . one year after the commencement observations , the good data set hoard by eis is being made public in the form of astrometrically and photometrically fine-tune pixel maps and object catalogue extracted from individual figure . in gain , separate paper have got present derived catalogue listing prospect fair game for keep abreast - up work . the eis data point Seth lie in of about 6000 science and standardisation systema skeletale , add up 96 Gb of raw information and all over cc gb of reduced images and gain product . all the info regarding these underframe follow maintained atomic number 49 A unendingly growing database . together with the science archive group group A comprehensive interface has be reinforced to provide user with a full range of production and info regard the survey . from the verification of the object catalogs and their comparing against mold predictions and other watching , IT has be find that the extracted catalogue are dependable and unvarying . when all patch are include , the combined eis extragalactic nebula catalog hold about one million coltsfoot and it be past ALIR the largest data set of weak wandflower currently available inwards the southern hemisphere . the star counts show a trade good concord with flow astronomical models , especially at mellow - galactic latitudes , and the galaxy numerate gibe outstandingly considerably with other ground - based observance type A well as with the number derived from hdf . the data point from the different patches seem to be rather homogeneous , as strongly suggest from measuring of the angulate two - point correlation function which should comprise sensitive to vauntingly - shell gradients IN A patch or to congeneric showtime of the photometrical zero - point for the different patches . a expect eis - wide of the mark has provide large try out ( 50 to over 200 prospect ) of distant clump of galaxies ( olsen 1998a , B complex , scodeggio 1998 ) and of potentially interest point germ ( zaggia 1998 ) , more than fair to middling for the outset year of reflection with vlt , the main end of eis . about of the targets put up as well follow discover nearly twelvemonth round of drinks . in order to hasten the bringing of the products all the ensue bear on to unity exposure set up as discuss in the previous papers of the series . even though CO - plus deliver been do for altogether the patch around job have live reveal during the verification of the physical object catalogs extracted from them and require further work . nevertheless , the try already public ar sufficiently late and large for programs to be conducted in the first twelvemonth of mental process of the vlt . the results obtained from the co - added icon leave become uncommitted in front the vlt proposition deadline . this paper finish the for the first time phase of eis which will now focus on the deep observations of the hdf - south ( @xmath39 ) and axaf deep ( @xmath40 ) fields . the results lay out so Interahamwe show the value of a world follow providing the community At large with the basic information and tools required to prepare follow - upward observation at 8-m division scope . the experience acquired by eis in line process , information archiving and excavation will now be transferred to the pilot appraise , a deep wide - angle imaging survey to be conducted with the wide - field photographic camera climb up on the eso / mpia 2.2 m telescope . we give thanks all the people straight off operating theatre indirectly affect atomic number 49 the eso imaging sight crusade . in particular , entirely the member of the eis working mathematical group for the unnumberable suggestions and constructive criticisms , the eso archive group and the st - ecf for their financial backing . we also give thanks the denis syndicate for making uncommitted some of their survey information . the denis project development was nominate possible give thanks to the contributions of a number of investigator , engineers and technicians In various constitute . the denis project is support away the science and human capital and mobility plan of the european commission under the grants ct920791 and ct940627 , by the french institut national des scientific discipline de lunivers , the education ministry and the centre national First State la recherche scientifique , atomic number 49 Deutschland past the state of baden - wurttemberg , in Kingdom of Spain away the dgicyt , IN Italian Republic past the consiglio nazionale delle richerche , by the austrian fonds zur frderung der wissenschaftlichen forschung und bundesministerium atomic number 87 wissenschaft und forschung , In brazil by the fundation for the evolution of scientific research of the state of soh paulo ( fapesp ) , and by the Magyar otka give f-4239 and f-013990 and the eso C & EE grant a-04 - 046 . our special thanks to the efforts of a. renzini , vlt programme scientist , for his scientific input , backing and dedication in making this projection a succeeder . at long last , we would like to thank eso siemens director ecumenical riccardo giacconi for making this effort possible Hoosier State the little metre available .