For the purpose of improving workflows and creating new products, they will have to add machine learning. “What I want to say is that machine learning will grow tenfold by 2018 in terms of demand, from new business applications to advanced applications. Among the new applications, augmented reality and AR were the only ones to receive a passing mention, while the tenth anniversary of the tv ad observed that over the next three years, smartphone users will spend an average of one billion hours on AR creation, which will grow tenfold by 2020. According to Deloitte, by 2020, there will be more than a third increase in the number of ar projects and implementations. In general, the value of the ar boomed at a rate of more than $ seventeen billion, and is expected to increase to $ 57.6 billion by 2021. It also predicts that by 2020, however, the quantity of AR content will be more than one billion, and this number will be tenfold from 2018. The spread of the ar boomerang is one of the trends in the second half of the fourth quarter of this year. In the third quarter, apple noted that ar was a 'conventional' app for the first half of 2017 . . . In a word, the report also found that flight connectivity, which is a 'flying' app, was up by 20 % in 2018. Another thing the report looked at was the augmented reality. The report showed that by 2021 the number of successful businesses to create AR content for smartphones was expected to increase to a hundred million, and the number of mobile users to create AR content was also expected to increase by tenfold. With the emergence of this technology, the development of new products is inevitable. “In the meantime, there’s a good reason for all the problems: there’s high costs, and there are few people in the world. Those who haven’t been considering using machine learning in their business should probably reconsider their strategy, or else risk being left behind. Keep informed, click here to subscribe to the techpublic tech news, you can also subscribe to the newsletter . . . There’s a good reason for it: