At the beginning of a decade ago the storage networking industry (snia) conducted a 250-person survey to determine how companies should read data in 2007 when the year 2107 comes, but it is so long since passed that the word "cloud" is no longer found in the 66-page concluding report (pdf). Moreover, it is extremely important to leave the question about storage open and not to mention any specific brand names, so that the vendor cannot cheat a test, said snia. "We had quite a while to complete the first survey, so we had to reassemble the first one a decade ago. We learned that a lot of changes have happened in the field, not only in the field of storage itself, but in all the other subjects, such as record keeping and archiving. In the 2017 edition of the survey, snia will ask 500 respondents about storage and storage, the chief drivers, the systems, the strategy, the preservation, the privacy, the security, and the storage of information. And they hope to double the number of participants in the survey, adding archivists, data-stewards and technologists (the 2007 edition aimed at technical executives), to which the respondents have been able to improve. see: cloud and data-storage, by Zdnet, with the special report on cloud and data-storage. In addition, there is a strong emphasis on the openness of the storage questions, not mentioning specific brands, so that the vendor cannot easily change the results, rivera said. “We took a lot of time to prepare the first survey,” said thomas rivera, chairman of the snia privacy committee, “we noticed that a great deal of changes took place in All this is according to the trends of the world of information, and snia hopes to publish the results in the first half of 2018. Moreover, please subscribe, see: sent> Yes, what are they? sent> And what about our interest in the futurities of data centers, enterprise storage, and networking, subscribe to our news, updates and insights. When it comes to the next edition, he said, the edition could include the questions of dna storage, persistent memory, and quantum computing.