Oldham is the location of Greater Manchester.
Oldham is the location of England.
Oldham is the location of Pennines.
Oldham is the between of Irk.
Oldham is the between of Medlock.
Oldham is the distance of Rochdale.
Oldham is the distance of Manchester.
Oldham is the part of of Metropolitan Borough Of Oldham.
Oldham is the historically in of Lancashire.
Oldham produces France.
Oldham produces Germany.
Oldham builds John Doe.
Oldham builds William Clegg.
Oldham develops Platt Brothers.
Dobcross originates Platt Brothers.
Oldham is the rivals with dobson & barlow of Bolton.
Oldham is the rival of platt brothers of Asa Lees.
Oldham is the mayor of oldham of John Platt.
Oldham constructs Alexandra Park.
Shaw And Crompton bears Abraham Henthorn Stott.
Oldham is the son of abraham henthorn stott of Philip Sydney Stott.
Oldham founds Ferranti.
Oldham is the operated part of the original hollinwood site of Siemens.
Oldham is the occupies part of the original hollinwood site of Mirror Colour Print Ltd.
Oldham is the part of oldham coalfield of Royton.
Oldham is the part of oldham coalfield of Bardsley.
Oldham is the part of oldham coalfield of Middleton.
Oldham is the part of oldham coalfield of Chadderton.
Oldham arrives John Evans.
Oldham arrives William Jones.
John Lees is the victim of Peterloo Massacre.
Annie Kenney heckles Winston Churchill.
Annie Kenney collaborates Emmeline Pankhurst.
Oldham Women'S Suffrage Society is the president of Margery Lees.
Oldham Women'S Suffrage Society joins Manchester And District Federation Of The National Union Of Women'S Suffrage Societies.
Oldham locates Lancashire.
Oldham locates Greater Manchester.
Oldham divides Oldham East And Saddleworth.
Oldham divides Oldham West And Royton.
Debbie Abrahams is the representative of Oldham East And Saddleworth.
Michael Meacher is the representative of Oldham West And Royton.
William Cobbett is the representative of Oldham.
John Fielden is the representative of Oldham.
Winston Churchill is the representative of Oldham.
Oldham is the population of Population.
Oldham is the relies on of Economy.
Economy includes Manufacturing Industry.
Economy includes Home Shopping.
Economy includes Publishing.
Economy includes Healthcare.
Economy includes Food Processing.
Economy includes Factory.
Factory is the employs of Park Cake Bakeries.
Park Cake Bakeries locates Hathershaw.
Park Cake Bakeries is the supplies to of Marks & Spencer.
Oldham includes Hollinwood.
Hollinwood locates Northern Counties Housing Association.
Oldham is the part of of Metropolitan Borough Of Oldham.
Metropolitan Borough Of Oldham concentrates Retailing.
Metropolitan Borough Of Oldham concentrates Cultural Facilities.
Metropolitan Borough Of Oldham is the high presence of of Employment.
Metropolitan Borough Of Oldham is the contains of Shopping Centre.
Shopping Centre is the part of of Town Square.
Shopping Centre is the part of of Spindles.
Spindles creates Brian Clarke.
Spindles is the honors of William Walton.
Oldham locates Ferranti Technologies.
Ferranti Technologies bases Waterhead.
Oldham is the develops of Culinary Advances.
Oldham is the develops of Medical Advances.
Culinary Advances is the birthplace of of Chip Shop.
Chip Shop owns John Lees.
Chip Shop locates Tommyfield Market.
Culinary Advances is the native to of Rag Pudding.
Oldham founds Yates Wine Lodge.
Yates Wine Lodge founds Peter Yates.
Yates Wine Lodge founds Simon Yates.
Oldham invents Tubular Bandage.
Tubular Bandage develops Seton.
Seton collaborates Oldham.
Oldham includes Landmarks.
Landmarks is the part of of Town Hall.
Town Hall builds Georgian.
Town Hall makes Winston Churchill.
Winston Churchill makes Town Hall.
Town Hall is the commemorates of Blue Plaque.
Town Hall declares Victorian Society.
Town Hall plans Leisure Complex.
Leisure Complex includes Cinema.
Oldham includes War Memorial.
War Memorial designs Albert Toft.
War Memorial unveils General Sir Ian Hamilton.
Oldham includes Civic Centre.
Civic Centre is the center of of Local Governance.
Civic Centre designs Cecil Howitt & Partners.
Oldham includes Parish Church.
Parish Church dedicates St. Mary.
Parish Church dedicates St. Peter.
Parish Church designs Richard Lane.
Parish Church designates English Heritage.
Parish Church is the part of of Diocese Of Manchester.
Oldham includes Transport.
Transport is the consists of of Railway Stations.
Transport converts Metrolink.
Transport haves Electric Tramways.
Transport haves Trolleybus System.
Transport includes Bus Station.
Bus Station uses National Express.
Bus Station is the headquarters in of First Greater Manchester.
Oldham affects Turnpike Act 1734.
Oldham links M62 Motorway.
Oldham links A627 (M).
Oldham links Ashton-Under-Lyne.
Oldham links Huddersfield.
Oldham includes Sports.
Sports establishs Oldham Roughyeds Rugby League Club.
Sports establishs Oldham Athletic Football Club.
Oldham Athletic Football Club manages Joe Royle.
Oldham Athletic Football Club participates Football League.
Oldham Athletic Football Club participates Football League Cup.
Oldham Athletic Football Club is the won of Football League Second Division.
Oldham Athletic Football Club is the currently playing in of Football League One.
Oldham Athletic Football Club appoints Darren Kelly.
Sports establishs Oldham Boro Football Club.
Oldham Boro Football Club participates North West Counties Football League.
Oldham Boro Football Club renames Oldham Borough.
Oldham Borough renames Oldham Roughyeds.
Oldham Roughyeds receives Rugby League Club.
Rugby League Club is the won of Rugby Football League Championship.
Rugby League Club is the won of Challenge Cup.
Rugby League Club plays Watersheddings.
Rugby League Club plays Boundary Park.
Oldham locates Whitebank Stadium.
Oldham is the sports team of Oldham Cc.
Oldham is the sports team of Werneth Cc.
Oldham is the sports club of Marshall Fencing Club.
Marshall Fencing Club is the training location of South Chadderton High School.
Oldham produces Hugh Oldham.
Hugh Oldham is the founded school of Bishop Of Exeter.
Bishop Of Exeter is the founded school of Manchester Grammar School.
Oldham is the top performing secondary school of Hulme Grammar School.
Oldham is the top performing secondary school of Blue Coat School.
Oldham is the higher education center of University Campus Oldham.
Patrick Stewart opens University Campus Oldham.
University Campus Oldham awards Shobna Gulati.
University Campus Oldham awards Brian Clarke.
Oldham provides Greater Manchester Police.
Greater Manchester Police is the headquarters location of Oldham.
Oldham coordinates Greater Manchester Passenger Transport Executive.
Oldham provides Greater Manchester Fire And Rescue Service.
Greater Manchester Fire And Rescue Service is the fire station location of Hollins.
Greater Manchester Fire And Rescue Service is the fire station location of Clarksfield.
Oldham is the large nhs hospital of Royal Oldham Hospital.
Royal Oldham Hospital administers Pennine Acute Hospitals Nhs Trust.
Royal Oldham Hospital is the birthplace of of Louise Joy Brown.
Oldham provides North West Ambulance Service.
Oldham coordinates Greater Manchester Waste Disposal Authority.
Greater Manchester Waste Disposal Authority is the landfill location of Beal Valley.
Oldham manages United Utilities.
United Utilities is the water source of Dovestones.
United Utilities is the water source of Chew.
United Utilities is the water treatment location of Waterhead.
Oldham facilitates Oldham Coliseum Theatre.
Oldham facilitates Oldham Theatre Workshop.
Oldham Coliseum Theatre facilitates Eric Sykes.
Oldham Coliseum Theatre facilitates Bernard Cribbins.
Oldham Coliseum Theatre facilitates Anne Kirkbride.
Jack Kirkbride is the parent of of Anne Kirkbride.
Oldham Coliseum Theatre performs Charlie Chaplin.
Oldham Coliseum Theatre performs Stan Laurel.
Oldham Coliseum Theatre performs Ralph Fiennes.
Oldham Coliseum Theatre performs Minnie Driver.
Oldham opens Lyceum.
Lyceum is the architect for building of Edward Potts.
Oldham is the connection of Sir William Walton.
Oldham is the connection of Sir Winston Churchill.
Oldham is the connection of Nick Grimshaw.
Oldham is the connection of Phillip Schofield.
Oldham is the connection of Brian Cox.
Oldham is the connection of Tommy Cannon.
Oldham is the connection of Bobby Ball.
Oldham is the connection of Inspiral Carpets.
Oldham is the connection of Mark Owen.
1981 European Cup Final is the match between of Liverpool.
1981 European Cup Final is the match between of Real Madrid.
1981 European Cup Final is the match venue of Parc Des Princes.
1981 European Cup Final is the match venue of Europe.
Liverpool is the winner of Competition.
Real Madrid qualifys Competition.
Liverpool is the player of Alan Kennedy.
Liverpool is the player of Kenny Dalglish.
Liverpool is the player of Alan Hansen.
Liverpool is the player of Terry Mcdermott.
Real Madrid is the player of Juanito.
Real Madrid is the player of José Antonio Camacho.
Liverpool is the player of Phil Neal.
Liverpool is the player of Graeme Souness.
Liverpool is the player of Ray Clemence.
Real Madrid is the player of Rafael García Cortés.
Liverpool is the player of Jimmy Case.
Liverpool is the manager of Bob Paisley.