Odaenathus is the parent of Hairan.
Odaenathus is the spouse of Zenobia.
Odaenathus is the parent of Vaballathus.
Odaenathus is the parent of Hairan I.
Odaenathus is the parent of Wahb Allat.
Hairan is the parent of Nasor.
Hairan is the parent of Maliko.
Maliko is the parent of Nasor.
Odaenathus is the alias of Lucius Septimius Udaynath.
Odaenathus is the alias of Hairan.
Odaenathus is the alias of Hairan I.
Odaenathus is the regent of Zenobia.
Odaenathus is the regent of Vaballathus.
Odaenathus is the opponent of Valerian.
Odaenathus is the opponent of Shapur I.
Odaenathus is the ally of Gallienus.
Odaenathus is the opponent of Fulvius Macrianus.
Odaenathus is the ally of Philip The Arab.
Odaenathus is the source of information of Peter The Patrician.
Odaenathus is the source of information of John Malalas.
Odaenathus is the alias of Enathus.
Odaenathus is the ally of Balista.
Odaenathus marchs Emesa.
Odaenathus kills Quietus.
Odaenathus captures Balista.
Odaenathus is the approval of control of Gallienus.
Odaenathus crowns Hairan I.
Odaenathus is the declaration of legitimacy of Shapur I.
Odaenathus mentions Zosimus.
Odaenathus mentions Syncellus.
Odaenathus mentions Zonaras.
Odaenathus accuses John Antiochenus.
Odaenathus mentions Theodor Mommsen.
Odaenathus identifys Cocceius Rufinus.
Zenobia is the spouse of Odaenathus.
Hairan I is the child of Odaenathus.
Maeonius is the conspirator of Zenobia.
Maeonius is the assassin of Odaenathus.
Zenobia is the regent of Odaenathus.
Vaballathus is the child of Odaenathus.
Harian Ii is the child of Zenobia.
Herodianus is the child of Odaenathus.
Herennianus is the possible child of Odaenathus.
Herennianus is the possible child of Hairan I.
Timolaus is the possible child of Odaenathus.
Timolaus is the possible child of Vaballathus.
Lucia Septimia Patabiniana Balbilla Tyria Nepotilla Odaenathiana is the possible descendant of Odaenathus.
Eusebius is the possible descendant of Odaenathus.
Syrian Odaenathus is the possible descendant of Odaenathus.
Nicostratus Of Trebizond is the historian of Odaenathus.
Nicostratus Of Trebizond accompanys Philip The Arab.
Nicostratus Of Trebizond writes Odaenathus.
Potter cites Nicostratus Of Trebizond.