George Nixon Briggs is the birth place of Massachusetts.
George Nixon Briggs haves Lawyer.
George Nixon Briggs is the member of political party of Whig.
George Nixon Briggs serves United States House Of Representatives.
George Nixon Briggs serves Governor.
George Nixon Briggs raises Upstate New York.
George Nixon Briggs serves Post Office.
George Nixon Briggs advocates Temperance.
George Nixon Briggs involves John White Webster.
George Nixon Briggs involves George Parkman.
George Nixon Briggs bears Adams, Massachusetts.
George Nixon Briggs affiliates Baptist.
George Nixon Briggs affiliates Quaker.
George Nixon Briggs lives Pittsfield.
George Nixon Briggs lives Lanesboro.
George Nixon Briggs marrys Harriet Hall.
George Nixon Briggs is the child of of Harriet.
George Nixon Briggs is the child of of George.
George Nixon Briggs is the child of of Henry.
George Nixon Briggs is the sibling of of Rufus.
George Nixon Briggs is the parent of of Allen Briggs.
George Nixon Briggs is the parent of of Nancy Briggs.
George Nixon Briggs is the descent from of Huguenot.
George Nixon Briggs is the originally from location of Cranston, Rhode Island.
George Nixon Briggs moves Manchester, Vermont.
George Nixon Briggs moves White Creek, New York.
George Nixon Briggs associates John Davis.
George Nixon Briggs associates Daniel Webster.
George Nixon Briggs associates Abbott Lawrence.
George Nixon Briggs is the ran against of Marcus Morton.
George Nixon Briggs is the sent representatives to of Samuel Hoar.
George Nixon Briggs is the sent representatives to of Elizabeth Hoar.
George Nixon Briggs involves Washington Goode.
George Nixon Briggs is the prepared pledge for of Thomas F. Marshall.
George Nixon Briggs is the reforms enacted by of William Taylor Barry.
George Nixon Briggs associates Hiland Hall.
George Nixon Briggs associates Henry Shaw.
George Nixon Briggs involves John White Webster.
George Nixon Briggs criticizes Lemuel Shaw.
George Nixon Briggs earns Wendell Phillips.
George Nixon Briggs supports Horace Mann.
George Nixon Briggs is the ran against of George S. Boutwell.
George Nixon Briggs appoints Abraham Lincoln.
George Nixon Briggs appoints New Granada.
George Nixon Briggs is the part of location of Colombia.
George Nixon Briggs is the part of location of Panama.