Bob Dylan haves Robert Allen Zimmerman.
Bob Dylan is the musical influence of Woody Guthrie.
Bob Dylan is the musical influence of Little Richard.
Bob Dylan is the musical influence of Elvis Presley.
Bob Dylan is the political involvement of John Birch.
Bob Dylan is the collaboration of Philip Saville.
Bob Dylan is the musical collaboration of Victoria Spivey.
Bob Dylan is the musical collaboration of Big Joe Williams.
Bob Dylan is the musical collaboration of Ramblin' Jack Elliott.
Bob Dylan is the musical influence of Dave Van Ronk.
Bob Dylan is the musical influence of Fred Neil.
Bob Dylan is the musical influence of Odetta.
Bob Dylan is the musical influence of The Clancy Brothers.
Bob Dylan is the musical influence of Tommy Makem.
Bob Dylan is the musical collaboration of Carolyn Hester.
Bob Dylan is the musical collaboration of Peter.
Bob Dylan is the musical collaboration of Paul.
Bob Dylan is the musical collaboration of Mary.
Bob Dylan is the musical influence of George Harrison.
Bob Dylan is the musical collaboration of Joan Baez.
Bob Dylan is the musical collaboration of Sonny & Cher.
Bob Dylan is the musical collaboration of The Hollies.
Bob Dylan is the musical collaboration of The Byrds.
Bob Dylan is the musical collaboration of The Association.
Bob Dylan is the musical collaboration of Manfred Mann.
Bob Dylan is the musical collaboration of The Turtles.
Bob Dylan is the collaboration of Cameron Crowe.
Bob Dylan is the award received of Barack Obama.
Bob Dylan is the management contract of Albert Grossman.
Bob Dylan is the record contract of John Hammond.
Bob Dylan is the agreement signed of Roy Silver.
Robert Allen Zimmerman is the family relation of Shabtai Zisl Ben Avraham.
Zigman Zimmerman is the family relation of Anna Zimmerman.
Ben Stone is the family relation of Florence Stone.
Abram Zimmerman is the family relation of Beatrice Stone.
Robert Allen Zimmerman is the family relation of David Zimmerman.
Hattie Carroll is the incident of William Zantzinger.
Ballad Of Hollis Brown is the addresses of Farming And Mining Communities.
North Country Blues is the addresses of Farming And Mining Communities.
Boots Of Spanish Leather is the addresses of Personal Love.
One Too Many Mornings is the addresses of Personal Love.
Bob Dylan is the feels manipulated and constrained by of Folk And Protest Movements.
Bob Dylan is the accepted of Tom Paine Award.
Bob Dylan receives National Emergency Civil Liberties Committee.
Bob Dylan makes John F. Kennedy.
Bob Dylan identifys Lee Harvey Oswald.
Another Side Of Bob Dylan haves Lighter Mood.
Another Side Of Bob Dylan includes I Shall Be Free No. 10.
Another Side Of Bob Dylan includes Motorpsycho Nightmare.
Another Side Of Bob Dylan includes Spanish Harlem Incident.
Another Side Of Bob Dylan includes To Ramona.
Another Side Of Bob Dylan includes Black Crow Blues.
Another Side Of Bob Dylan includes I Don'T Believe You (She Acts Like We Never Have Met).
Another Side Of Bob Dylan is the suggests transition to of Rock And Roll.
Another Side Of Bob Dylan includes It Ain'T Me Babe.
Another Side Of Bob Dylan includes Chimes Of Freedom.
Another Side Of Bob Dylan includes My Back Pages.
Highway 61 Revisited is the features first recordings with of Electric Instruments.
Highway 61 Revisited includes Subterranean Homesick Blues.
Highway 61 Revisited features Dont Look Back.
Highway 61 Revisited includes Mr. Tambourine Man.
Highway 61 Revisited includes It'S All Over Now, Baby Blue.
Highway 61 Revisited includes It'S Alright Ma (I'M Only Bleeding).
Highway 61 Revisited performs Newport Folk Festival.
Highway 61 Revisited is the band members accompanied dylan at newport of Paul Butterfield Blues Band.
Highway 61 Revisited is the band member at newport of Mike Bloomfield.
Highway 61 Revisited is the band member at newport of Sam Lay.
Highway 61 Revisited is the band member at newport of Jerome Arnold.
Highway 61 Revisited is the band member at newport of Al Kooper.
Highway 61 Revisited is the band member at newport of Barry Goldberg.
Highway 61 Revisited films Murray Lerner.
Highway 61 Revisited is the criticism from of Ewan Maccoll.
Highway 61 Revisited is the criticism from of Sing Out!.
Highway 61 Revisited records Positively 4Th Street.
Blonde On Blonde records Nashville.
Blonde On Blonde is the producer of Bob Johnston.
Blonde On Blonde is the musician on album of Robertson.
Blonde On Blonde is the musician on album of Al Kooper.
Blonde On Blonde marrys Sara Lownds.
Blonde On Blonde is the friend of of Ramblin' Jack Elliott.
Blonde On Blonde is the journalist who made marriage public of Nora Ephron.
Blonde On Blonde reports Bbc Radio 4.
Blonde On Blonde interviews Robert Shelton.
Blonde On Blonde haves Abc Television.
Blonde On Blonde haves Macmillan.
Blonde On Blonde manages Albert Grossman.
Blonde On Blonde edits Eat The Document.
Blonde On Blonde records Julie Driscoll.
Blonde On Blonde records Brian Auger Trinity.
Blonde On Blonde records The Byrds.
Blonde On Blonde records Manfred Mann.
Blonde On Blonde releases Columbia.
Blonde On Blonde records The Basement Tapes.
Blonde On Blonde records The Band.
Blonde On Blonde provides Music From Big Pink.
Blonde On Blonde records The Band.
Dylan performs Singing.
Dylan records Cash.
Dylan records Girl From The North Country.
Dylan duetteds Johnny Cash.
Dylan headlines Isle Of Wight Festival.
Dylan rejects Woodstock Festival.
Dylan is the co-wrote with of George Harrison.
George Harrison records I 'D Have You Anytime.
George Harrison records All Things Must Pass.
Dylan mourns Black Panther George Jackson.
Dylan contributes Steve Goodman.
Dylan contributes Somebody Else'S Troubles.
Dylan signs Sam Peckinpah.
Sam Peckinpah provides Pat Garrett And Billy The Kid.
Dylan plays Alias.
Dylan becomes Knockin' On Heaven'S Door.
Dylan signs David Geffen.
Dylan releases Planet Waves.
Dylan includes Forever Young.
Dylan releases Before The Flood.
Dylan records Blood On The Tracks.
Dylan champions Rubin 'Hurricane' Carter.
Dylan tours Rolling Thunder Revue.
Dylan releases Desire.
Dylan collaborates Jacques Levy.
Dylan is the shot film for of Renaldo And Clara.
Dylan duetteds Eric Clapton.
Eric Clapton records No Reason To Cry.
Dylan performs Bob Dylan At Budokan.
Dylan records Street Legal.
Dylan collaborates Mark Knopfler.
Dylan produces Jerry Wexler.
Dylan releases Saved.
Dylan inspires John Lennon.
Dylan records Infidels.
Dylan records Down In The Groove.
Dylan records Empire Burlesque.
Dylan collaborates Arthur Baker.
Dylan contributes Usa For Africa.
Dylan performs Live Aid.
Dylan performs Keith Richards.
Dylan performs Ronnie Wood.
Dylan is the inspired creation of of Farm Aid.
Dylan collaborates Kurtis Blow.
Kurtis Blow features Kingdom Blow.
Dylan records Knocked Out Loaded.
Dylan tours Tom Petty.
Bob Dylan tours Grateful Dead.
Bob Dylan performs G. E. Smith.
Bob Dylan stars Richard Marquand.
Bob Dylan is the co founded band of George Harrison.
Bob Dylan is the co founded band of Jeff Lynne.
Bob Dylan is the co founded band of Roy Orbison.
Bob Dylan is the co founded band of Tom Petty.
Bob Dylan produces Daniel Lanois.
Bob Dylan introduces Bruce Springsteen.
Bob Dylan critiques Michael Gray.
Bob Dylan tours Paul Simon.
Bob Dylan receives Jack Nicholson.
Bob Dylan mentions Saddam Hussein.
Bob Dylan works Victor Maymudes.
Bob Dylan performs Pope John Paul Ii.
Bob Dylan receives Bill Clinton.
Bob Dylan dedicates Desiree Gabrielle Dennis-Dylan.
Bob Dylan works Slash.
Bob Dylan works David Crosby.
Bob Dylan works Bruce Hornsby.
Bob Dylan works Stevie Ray Vaughan.
Bob Dylan works Elton John.
Bob Dylan mentions Junichi Saga.
Bob Dylan is the co writer of movie of Larry Charles.
Bob Dylan mentions Woody Guthrie.
Bob Dylan mentions Henry Timrod.
Bob Dylan plays Christian Bale.
Bob Dylan plays Cate Blanchett.
Bob Dylan plays Marcus Carl Franklin.
Bob Dylan plays Richard Gere.
Bob Dylan plays Heath Ledger.
Bob Dylan plays Ben Whishaw.
Bob Dylan works Mark Ronson.
Bob Dylan appears Will.I.Am.
Bob Dylan performs Forever Young.
Bob Dylan collaborates Will.I.Am.
Columbia releases The Bootleg Series Vol. 8 – Tell Tale Signs.
Columbia includes Oh Mercy.
Columbia includes Modern Times.
Bob Dylan collaborates David Bromberg.
Bob Dylan collaborates Ralph Stanley.
Bob Dylan releases Together Through Life.
Bob Dylan is the interviewed of Bill Flanagan.
Bob Dylan requests Olivier Dahan.
Bob Dylan is the song supplied of My Own Love Song.
Bob Dylan records Life Is Hard.
Bob Dylan is the co written of Robert Hunter.
Bob Dylan reviews Andy Gill.
Andy Gill publishs The Independent.
Bob Dylan reachs Billboard 200.
Bob Dylan reachs Uk Album Chart.
Bob Dylan is the previous topper of New Morning.
Bob Dylan releases Christmas In The Heart.
Bob Dylan benefits Feeding America.
Bob Dylan benefits Crisis.
Bob Dylan benefits World Food Programme.
Bob Dylan reviews The New Yorker.
Bob Dylan reviews Edna Gundersen.
Bob Dylan reviews Usa Today.
Bob Dylan is the interviewed of The Big Issue.
Bob Dylan awards Barack Obama.
Barack Obama awards Bob Dylan.
Bob Dylan releases Tempest.
Bob Dylan is the tribute to of John Lennon.
Bob Dylan dedicates Roll On John.
Bob Dylan reviews Rolling Stone.
Will Hermes reviews Tempest.
Bob Dylan reviews Metacritic.
Bob Dylan releases Another Self Portrait (1969 – 1971).
Thom Jurek reviews Another Self Portrait (1969 – 1971).
Legacy Recordings releases Another Self Portrait (1969 – 1971).
Bob Dylan releases Complete Album Collection: Vol. One.
Bob Dylan includes Sidetracks.
Clinton Heylin writes Complete Album Collection: Vol. One.
Bill Flanagan is the introduction by of Complete Album Collection: Vol. One.
Columbia releases The Very Best Of Bob Dylan.
Bob Dylan releases Like A Rolling Stone.
Bob Dylan directs Vania Heymann.
Bob Dylan appears Chrysler 200.
Bob Dylan sells Fender Stratocaster.
Bob Dylan performs Newport Folk Festival.
Simon & Schuster publishs Lyrics: Since 1962.
Bob Dylan releases The Basement Tapes Complete.
The Band collaborates The Basement Tapes Complete.
Sid Griffin writes The Basement Tapes Complete.
Bob Dylan releases Shadows In The Night.
Frank Sinatra records Shadows In The Night.
Bob Dylan inspires Willie Nelson.
Bob Dylan inspires Stardust.
Bob Dylan features Ibm.
Bob Dylan interacts Watson.
Bob Dylan releases The Bootleg Series Vol. 12: The Cutting Edge 1965 – 1966.
Cutting Edge reviews Metacritic.
Cutting Edge enters Billboard Top Rock Albums Chart.
Bob Dylan releases Cutting Edge.
Bob Dylan sells George Kaiser Family Foundation.
Bob Dylan sells University Of Tulsa.
George Kaiser Family Foundation receives University Of Tulsa.
Cutting Edge houses Helmerich Center For American Research.
Helmerich Center For American Research locates Gilcrease Museum.
Bob Dylan releases Fallen Angels.
Jim Farber writes Entertainment Weekly.
Never Ending Tour commences Bob Dylan.
Bob Dylan is the band member of of Tony Garnier.
Bob Dylan is the band member of of George Recile.
Bob Dylan is the band member of of Donnie Herron.
Bob Dylan is the band member of of Charlie Sexton.
Richard Williams critiques Bob Dylan.
Andy Gill critiques Bob Dylan.
Bob Dylan performs China.
Bob Dylan performs Japan.
Tokyo locates Japan.
Yokohama locates Japan.
Woodinville Wa locates United States.
Gilford Nh locates United States.
Bob Dylan participates Desert Trip.
Desert Trip performs Rolling Stones.
Desert Trip performs Neil Young.
Desert Trip performs Paul Mccartney.
Desert Trip performs The Who.
Desert Trip performs Roger Waters.
Self Portrait features Bob Dylan.
Planet Waves features Bob Dylan.
Bob Dylan publishs Random House.
Drawn Blank authors Bob Dylan.
Kunstsammlungen locates Chemnitz.
Bob Dylan: The Drawn Blank Series accompanys Kunstsammlungen.
National Gallery Of Denmark exhibits Bob Dylan.
Bob Dylan creates Brazil Series.
Gagosian Gallery represents Bob Dylan.
Bob Dylan creates The Asia Series.
The Asia Series exhibits Gagosian Gallery.
The New York Times reports Bob Dylan.
Dmitri Kessel is the photographs licensed by of Bob Dylan.
Henri Cartier-Bresson is the photographs licensed by of Bob Dylan.
Magnum confirms Bob Dylan.
Bob Dylan exhibits Revisionist Art.
Revisionist Art displays Gagosian Gallery.
Bob Dylan exhibits New Orleans Series.
New Orleans Series displays Palazzo Reale.
Bob Dylan features Face Value.
Face Value displays National Portrait Gallery.
Halcyon Gallery exhibits Bob Dylan.
Bob Dylan is the resides in of Point Dume.
Point Dume locates Malibu.
Bob Dylan marrys Sara Lownds.
Bob Dylan is the child of of Jesse Byron Dylan.
Bob Dylan is the child of of Anna Lea.
Bob Dylan is the child of of Samuel Isaac Abram.
Bob Dylan is the child of of Jakob Luke.
Bob Dylan adopts Maria Lownds.
Maria Lownds marrys Peter Himmelman.
Jakob Luke is the member of of The Wallflowers.
Bob Dylan is the parent of of Desiree Gabrielle Dennis-Dylan.
Desiree Gabrielle Dennis-Dylan is the parent of of Carolyn Dennis.
Carolyn Dennis marrys Bob Dylan.
Bob Dylan is the biography written by of Howard Sounes.
Hibbing locates Minnesota.
Bob Dylan visits Israel.
Bob Dylan meets Rabbi Meir Kahane.
Bob Dylan is the attended classes at of Vineyard School Of Discipleship.
Reseda locates Vineyard School Of Discipleship.
Kenn Gulliksen ministers Bob Dylan.
Larry Myers ministers Bob Dylan.
Paul Emond ministers Bob Dylan.
Bob Dylan interviews Kurt Loder.
Bob Dylan interviews Rolling Stone.
Bob Dylan interviews David Gates.
Bob Dylan interviews Bill Flanagan.
Chabad Lubavitch supports Bob Dylan.
Bob Dylan comments Barack Obama.
Paul Simon is the influence of Dylan.
Dylan incorporates Folk Music.
Dylan is the transition of Rock Backing.
Dylan creates Albums.
Dylan receives Literary Critics.
Christopher Ricks analyzes Dylan.
Sir Andrew Motion advocates Dylan.
Swedish Academy lobbys Dylan.
Robert Shelton is the described voice of Dylan.
David Bowie describes Dylan.
Michael Gray is the described vocal work of Dylan.
Christophe Lebold is the analyzed voice of Dylan.
Edna Gundersen states Dylan.
Joe Strummer praises Dylan.
Johnny Cash acknowledges Dylan.
Jerry Garcia acknowledges Dylan.
John Lennon acknowledges Dylan.
Paul Mccartney acknowledges Dylan.
Pete Townshend acknowledges Dylan.
Neil Young acknowledges Dylan.
Bruce Springsteen acknowledges Dylan.
Bryan Ferry acknowledges Dylan.
Nick Cave acknowledges Dylan.
Patti Smith acknowledges Dylan.
Syd Barrett acknowledges Dylan.
Joni Mitchell acknowledges Dylan.
Tom Waits acknowledges Dylan.
The Byrds achieves Dylan.
The Band collaborates Dylan.
Nik Cohn is the criticism of Dylan.
Jack Marx credits Dylan.
Mick Jagger educates Dylan.
Eminem educates Dylan.
Joni Mitchell'S is the criticism of Dylan.
Henry Timrod is the verse used of Dylan.
Todd Haynes is the biopic released of Dylan.
J. Hoberman describes Dylan.
Richard Austin comments Dylan.