M-5 is the connects to of Grand River Avenue.
M-5 is the connects to of Haggerty Connector.
M-5 is the starts in of Commerce Township.
M-5 is the ends in of Detroit.
M-5 is the runs through of Oakland County.
M-5 is the runs through of Wayne County.
M-5 is the runs through of Metro Detroit.
M-5 is the runs through of Michigan.
M-5 is the connects to of Interstate 96.
M-5 is the connects to of Novi.
M-5 is the bypasses of Farmington.
M-5 is the bypasses of Farmington Hills.
M-5 is the connects to of Lansing.
M-5 is the connects to of Grand Rapids.
M-5 is the previously numbered as of Us Highway 16.
M-5 is the previously numbered as of Us 2.
M-5 replaces M-129.
M-5 is the starts at of Pontiac Trail.
M-5 is the ends at of Schoolcraft Road.
M-5 is the ends at of Plymouth Road.
M-5 maintains Mdot.
M-5 lists National Highway System.
M-5 is the crosses over of Southfield Freeway.
M-5 is the crosses over of Fenkell Street.
M-5 is the crosses over of Outer Drive.
M-5 is the crosses over of M-39.
M-5 continues Old Bs I-96.
Grand River Avenue is the starts in of Commerce Township.
Grand River Avenue is the ends in of Detroit.
Grand River Avenue is the runs through of Oakland County.
Grand River Avenue is the runs through of Wayne County.
Grand River Avenue is the runs through of Metro Detroit.
Grand River Avenue is the runs through of Michigan.
Grand River Avenue is the previously numbered as of Us Highway 16.
Grand River Avenue is the previously numbered as of Us 2.
Grand River Avenue replaces M-129.
Grand River Avenue is the starts at of Pontiac Trail.
Grand River Avenue is the ends at of Schoolcraft Road.
Grand River Avenue is the ends at of Plymouth Road.
Grand River Avenue maintains Mdot.
Grand River Avenue lists National Highway System.
Grand River Avenue is the crosses over of Southfield Freeway.
Grand River Avenue is the crosses over of Fenkell Street.
Grand River Avenue is the crosses over of Outer Drive.
Grand River Avenue is the crosses over of M-39.
Grand River Avenue continues Old Bs I-96.
Haggerty Connector is the starts in of Commerce Township.
Haggerty Connector is the ends in of Detroit.
Haggerty Connector is the runs through of Oakland County.
Haggerty Connector is the runs through of Wayne County.
Haggerty Connector is the runs through of Metro Detroit.
Haggerty Connector is the runs through of Michigan.
Haggerty Connector is the previously numbered as of Us Highway 16.
Haggerty Connector is the previously numbered as of Us 2.
Haggerty Connector replaces M-129.
Haggerty Connector is the starts at of Pontiac Trail.
Haggerty Connector is the ends at of Schoolcraft Road.
Haggerty Connector is the ends at of Plymouth Road.
Haggerty Connector maintains Mdot.
Haggerty Connector lists National Highway System.
Haggerty Connector is the crosses over of Southfield Freeway.
Haggerty Connector is the crosses over of Fenkell Street.
Haggerty Connector is the crosses over of Outer Drive.
Haggerty Connector is the crosses over of M-39.
Haggerty Connector continues Old Bs I-96.
1995 is the action of Road Officials.
1995 is the action of County Road Commissions.
1995 is the action of State Highway Projects.
1995 is the action of M @-@ 5 Haggerty Connector Project.
1999 is the extension of M @-@ 5.
1999 is the extension of 14 Mile Road.
1999 is the extension of Expressway.
Two Miles is the distance of 14 Mile Road.
Two Miles is the distance of Pontiac Trail.
November 1 , 2002 is the opening of Two Miles.
2011 is the placement of Roundabout.
Roundabout is the action of Northern Terminus Of M @-@ 5.
Northern Terminus Of M @-@ 5 is the extension of Eldorado Golf Course.
Eldorado Golf Course is the extension of Commerce Township.