Devin Townsend haves Canadian.
Devin Townsend haves Musician.
Devin Townsend haves Songwriter.
Devin Townsend haves Record Producer.
Devin Townsend founds Strapping Young Lad.
Devin Townsend haves Solo Artist.
Devin Townsend collaborates Steve Vai.
Devin Townsend releases Heavy As A Really Heavy Thing.
Devin Townsend releases City.
Devin Townsend founds Devin Townsend Band.
Devin Townsend founds Devin Townsend Project.
Devin Townsend is the similar style of Phil Spector.
Devin Townsend is the similar style of Frank Zappa.
Devin Townsend creates Noisescapes.
Devin Townsend works Promise.
Devin Townsend works Sex And Religion.
Devin Townsend works Infinity.
Devin Townsend works Punky Brüster – Cooked On Phonics.
Devin Townsend works Ocean Machine: Biomech.
Devin Townsend works Physicist.
Devin Townsend works Terria.
Devin Townsend works Synchestra.
Devin Townsend works Accelerated Evolution.
Devin Townsend works Alien.
Devin Townsend contributes Alien.
Townsend contributes Fallout: Brotherhood Of Steel.
Townsend creates Synchestra.
Townsend creates The New Black.
Townsend creates Ziltoid The Omniscient.
Townsend creates The Hummer.
Townsend appears Metalocalypse.
Townsend inspires Pickles The Drummer.
Townsend creates Devin Townsend Band.
Devin Townsend Band transforms The Devin Townsend Project.
The Devin Townsend Project creates Ki.
The Devin Townsend Project creates Addicted.
The Devin Townsend Project tours Between The Buried And Me.
The Devin Townsend Project tours Cynic.
The Devin Townsend Project tours Scale The Summit.
The Devin Townsend Project tours Aeon Zen.
The Devin Townsend Project features Anneke Van Giersbergen.
The Devin Townsend Project tours Tesseract.
The Devin Townsend Project creates Epicloud.
The Devin Townsend Project performs The Retinal Circus.
Townsend plays Bent Sea.
Townsend plans Obviouser.
Townsend creates Casualties Of Cool.
Casualties Of Cool features Ché Aimee Dorval.
Casualties Of Cool features Morgan Ågren.
Townsend plans Z².
Z² is the contains of Sky Blue.
Z² is the contains of Dark Matters.
Townsend records Steve Vai.
Townsend records Transcendence.
Townsend marrys Tracy Turner.
Tracy Turner is the parent of of Reyner Liam Johnstan Townsend.
Townsend produces Rammstein.
Townsend produces August Burns Red.
Townsend produces Misery Signals.
Devin Townsend is the influence of Abba.
Devin Townsend is the influence of Zoviet France.
Devin Townsend is the influence of King 'S X.
Devin Townsend is the influence of Morbid Angel.
Devin Townsend is the influence of Barkmarket.
Devin Townsend is the influence of Grotus.
Devin Townsend is the influence of Jane 'S Addiction.
Devin Townsend is the influence of Metallica.
Devin Townsend is the influence of Cop Shoot Cop.
Devin Townsend is the influence of Fear Factory.
Devin Townsend is the influence of Meshuggah.
Devin Townsend is the influence of Paul Horn.
Devin Townsend is the influence of Ravi Shankar.
Devin Townsend is the influence of Foetus.
Devin Townsend is the influence of John Williams.
Devin Townsend is the influence of Trevor Jones.
Devin Townsend is the influence of Igor Stravinsky.