Roger Federer is the ranked of Association Of Tennis Professionals.
Roger Federer shares Pete Sampras.
Roger Federer shares Jimmy Connors.
Roger Federer is the olympic gold medal doubles of Stan Wawrinka.
Roger Federer is the father of Robert Federer.
Roger Federer is the mother of Lynette Federer.
Roger Federer siblings Diana Federer.
Roger Federer is the child of Myla Rose Federer.
Roger Federer is the child of Charlene Riva Federer.
Roger Federer is the child of Leo Federer.
Roger Federer is the child of Lennart Federer.
Roger Federer is the spouse of Mirka Vavrinec.
Roger Federer founds Roger Federer Foundation.
Roger Federer supports Imbewu.
Roger Federer is the goodwill ambassador of Unicef.
Roger Federer is the charity event of Rafa Nadal.
Roger Federer is the us open final of Andy Roddick.
Roger Federer loses Marc Rosset.
Roger Federer wins Martina Hingis.
Roger Federer loses Monica Seles.
Roger Federer loses Jan-Michael Gambill.
Roger Federer wins Julien Boutter.
Roger Federer wins Guillermo Coria.
Roger Federer loses David Nalbandian.
Roger Federer wins Olivier Rochus.
Roger Federer wins Michaël Llodra.
Roger Federer loses Andy Ram.
Roger Federer wins Sander Groen.
Roger Federer wins Lleyton Hewitt.
Roger Federer is the won australian open over of Marat Safin.
Roger Federer is the best season after of John Mcenroe.
Roger Federer is the second greatest season after of Rod Laver.
Roger Federer defeats Marcos Baghdatis.
Federer is the won of Gerry Weber Open.
Federer defats Mikhail Youzhny.
Federer plays Tommy Haas.
Federer ties John Mcenroe.
Federer loses Sergiy Stakhovsky.
Federer parts Paul Annacone.
Federer announces Stefan Edberg.
Federer is the co-coach with of Severin Lüthi.
Federer loses Novak Djokovic.
Federer defeats Tomáš Berdych.
Federer loses Stan Wawrinka.
Federer loses Marin Čilić.
Federer defeats Gilles Simon.
Federer defeats Richard Gasquet.
Federer joins Ivan Ljubicic.
Federer loses Milos Raonic.
Federer equals Jimmy Connors.
Federer equals Ivan Lendl.
Federer defeats Andy Murray.
Federer is the rivalry of Rafael Nadal.
Federer loses Dominic Thiem.
Roger Federer is the rivalry of Andy Roddick.
Roger Federer is the rivalry of Lleyton Hewitt.
Roger Federer is the rivalry of Juan Martin Del Potro.
Roger Federer is the rivalry of Marat Safin.
Roger Federer is the rivalry of David Nalbandian.
Roger Federer is the rivalry of Tomáš Berdych.
Jimmy Connors is the commentator of Roger Federer.
David Foster Wallace is the commentator of Roger Federer.
John Mcenroe is the commentator of Roger Federer.
Roger Federer is the rivalry of Novak Djokovic.
Roger Federer is the coach of Stefan Edberg.
Roger Federer is the endorsement of Nike.
Roger Federer is the participation of Wimbledon.
Roger Federer is the endorsement of Forbes.
Roger Federer is the endorsement of Mercedes-Benz.
Roger Federer is the endorsement of Nationale Suisse.
Roger Federer is the endorsement of Credit Suisse.
Roger Federer is the endorsement of Rolex.
Roger Federer is the endorsement of Lindt.
Roger Federer is the endorsement of Jura Elektroapparate.
Roger Federer is the endorsement of Gillette.
Roger Federer is the endorsement of Wilson.
Roger Federer is the endorsement of Moët & Chandon.
Roger Federer is the endorsement of Netjets.
Roger Federer is the endorsement of Emmi Ag.
Roger Federer is the endorsement of Maurice Lacroix.