Pokiri directs Puri Jagannadh.
Pokiri stars Mahesh Babu.
Pokiri stars Ileana D 'Cruz.
Pokiri stars Prakash Raj.
Pokiri stars Nassar.
Pokiri stars Sayaji Shinde.
Pokiri produces Manjula Ghattamaneni.
Pokiri is the production company of Vaishno Academy.
Pokiri is the production company of Indira Productions.
Pokiri is the cinematography by of Shyam K. Naidu.
Pokiri edits Marthand K. Venkatesh.
Pokiri is the music by of Mani Sharma.
Pokiri appears Ali Bhai.
Pokiri appears Krishna Manohar.
Pokiri appears Pasupathy.
Pokiri appears Shruti.
Pokiri appears Suryanarayana.
Pokiri appears Qadri.
Pokiri appears Ajay.
Pokiri appears Brahmi.
Pokiri considers Chiranjeevi.
Pokiri considers Pawan Kalyan.
Pokiri considers Ravi Teja.
Pokiri considers Nagendra Babu.
Pokiri considers Sonu Sood.
Pokiri considers Ayesha Takia.
Pokiri considers Deepika Padukone.
Pokiri considers Parvati Melton.
Pokiri considers Kangana Ranaut.
Pokiri appears Ashish Vidyarthi.
Pokiri appears Jyothi Rana.
Pokiri appears Isai.
Pokiri appears Subbaraju.
Pokiri appears Brahmanandam.
Pokiri appears Venu Madhav.
Pokiri appears Master Bharath.
Pokiri appears Mumaith Khan.
Pokiri assists Meher Ramesh.
Pokiri considers Chakri.
Pokiri is the art directed by of Chinna.
Pokiri is the executive produced by of Krishna.
Pokiri designs Chaitanya Rao.
Pokiri replaces K. V. Guhan.
Pokiri supervises Fefsi Vijayan.
Pokiri writes Bhakarabhatla.
Pokiri writes Kandikonda.
Pokiri writes Viswa.
Pokiri inspires Ricky Martin.
Pokiri is the sang song for of Naveen.
Pokiri acquires Dil Raju.
Iifa Film Festival 2006 holds Dubai International Convention Centre.
Iifa Film Festival 2006 holds Dubai.
Dubai International Convention Centre is the in of Dubai.
Dubai is the in of United Arab Emirates.
The Hindu reviews Pokiri.
The Hindu mentions Mahesh Babu.
Y. Sunita Chowdary writes The Hindu.
Y. Sunita Chowdary mentions Mahesh Babu.
Sify reviews Pokiri.
Rediff reviews Pokiri.
Rediff mentions Mahesh Babu.
Indiaglitz reviews Pokiri.
Sify states Pokiri.
Jayaprada Theatre locates Chennai.
Jayaprada Theatre screens Chennai.
Jayaprada Theatre screens Pokiri.
Chennai is the in of India.
Chennai locates India.
Chennai locates United States.
Chennai screens United States.
Chennai screens United States.
United States is the highest grossing telugu film of Pokiri.
United States earns Pokiri.
United States screens Pokiri.
Nizam earns Pokiri.
Nizam is the highest grossing telugu film of Pokiri.
Indra is the broke previous record in nizam region of Pokiri.
Bhagiratha Theatre locates Kurnool.
Bhagiratha Theatre screens Kurnool.
Bhagiratha Theatre screens Pokiri.
Bhagiratha Theatre screens Pokiri.
Bhagiratha Theatre collects Pokiri.
Kurnool screens Pokiri.
Kurnool collects Pokiri.
Kurnool is the first telugu film to run for 365 days of Pokiri.
Kurnool is the first telugu film to run for 200 days of Pokiri.
Kurnool is the first telugu film to run for 175 days of Pokiri.
Kurnool is the first telugu film to run for 100 days of Pokiri.
Kurnool screens Pokiri.
Kurnool screens Pokiri.
Kurnool collects Pokiri.
Kurnool screens Pokiri.
Kurnool runs Pokiri.
Kurnool is the first telugu film to run for 365 days at bhagiratha theatre of Pokiri.
Kurnool is the first telugu film to run for 200 days at bhagiratha theatre of Pokiri.
Kurnool is the first telugu film to run for 175 days at bhagiratha theatre of Pokiri.
Kurnool is the first telugu film to run for 100 days at bhagiratha theatre of Pokiri.
Kurnool collects Pokiri.
Kurnool screens Pokiri.
Kurnool runs Pokiri.
Kurnool is the first telugu film to run for 365 days at bhagiratha theatre of Pokiri.
Kurnool is the first telugu film to run for 200 days at bhagiratha theatre of Pokiri.
Kurnool is the first telugu film to run for 175 days at bhagiratha theatre of Pokiri.
Kurnool is the first telugu film to run for 100 days at bhagiratha theatre of Pokiri.
Pokiri elevates Mahesh Babu.
Pokiri brings Jagannadh.
Pokiri features Brahmanandam.
Pokiri features Ali.
Pokiri is the breakthrough film of D'Cruz.
Pokiri is the influenced fashion trend of Andhra Pradesh.
Pokiri is the increased trend of wearing doctor sleeves of Andhra Pradesh.
Pokiri cites Ye Maaya Chesave.
Pokiri cites Samantha Ruth Prabhu.
Pokiri parodys Desamuduru.
Pokiri is the spoofed in introduction scene of Jalsa.
Pokiri is the spoofed in protagonist naming of Sudigadu.
Pokiri is the spoofed in sequence of Race Gurram.
Pokiri imitates Dookudu.
Pokiri imitates Eega.
Fisichella is the teammate of Adrian Sutil.
Adrian Sutil qualifys Anthony Davidson.
Davidson is the teammate of Takuma Sato.
Takuma Sato involves Sato.
Massa passs Kubica.
Hamilton passs Kubica.
Hamilton trails Alonso.
Hamilton collides Alonso.
Hamilton suffers Hamilton.
Hamilton returns Pit-Lane.
Räikkönen passs Kubica.
Heidfeld passs Trulli.
Heidfeld passs Kovalainen.
Vettel retires Race.
Button pits Race.
Sutil pits Race.
Massa opens Räikkönen.
Räikkönen closes Massa.
Räikkönen passs Kubica.
Kubica is the teammate of Heidfeld.
Kubica pits Heidfeld.
Räikkönen pits Trulli.
Massa retains Pitted.
Kubica pits Pitted.
Heidfeld pits Pitted.
Kovalainen pits Pitted.
Coulthard collides Button.
Button retires Pit-Lane.
Hamilton pits Pit-Lane.
Piquet retires Race.
Massa crosss Winner.
Räikkönen finishs Second Place.
Kubica takes Third Place.
Heidfeld takes Fourth Place.
Kovalainen sets Fastest Lap.
Kovalainen is the slower than frontrunners of Race.
Trulli rounds Top Ten.
Webber rounds Top Ten.
Glock holds Top Ten.
Alonso attempts Top Ten.
Barrichello is the ahead of of Finished Strongly.
Fisichella is the ahead of of Finished Strongly.
Hamilton manages Finished.
Nakajima is the next place after of Took.
Bourdais demotes Finished Last.
Coulthard demotes Finished Last.
Vettel is the from race of Retired.
Button is the from race of Retired.
Piquet is the from race of Retired.
Massa takes Winner.
Räikkönen promotes Leader.
Räikkönen is the lead in of Drivers' Championship.
Kubica is the due to of Poor Start.
Kubica haves Wheelspin.
Kubica is the impeded performance due to of Oil On Track.
Kubica is the pass by of Räikkönen.
Hamilton accepts Responsibility.
Hamilton haves Switch.
Hamilton is the not in of Launch Mode.
Hamilton gos Anti-Stall.
Hamilton is the not in of Launch Map.
Renault dismisss Suggestions.
Symonds indicates Telemetry.
Symonds haves Brakes.
Symonds is the attributable to fernando of No Blame.
Whitmarsh is the broken seconds before impact of Front Wing.
Whitmarsh results Downforce Reduction.
Whitmarsh is the faster than expected of Sucked Into.
Whitmarsh sucks Slipstream.
Whitmarsh is the could have broken earlier of Front Wing.
Whitmarsh believes Nudged.
Alonso is the impaired attempts to pass of Damage.
Räikkönen is the lead in of Drivers' Championship.
Räikkönen is the with 19 of Points.
Heidfeld is the with 14 of Drivers' Championship.
Hamilton is the with 14 of Drivers' Championship.
Kubica is the with 14 of Drivers' Championship.
Kovalainen is the with 14 of Drivers' Championship.
Bmw Sauber is the lead in of Constructors' Championship.
Ferrari is the with 29 of Constructors' Championship.
Mclaren is the with 28 of Constructors' Championship.