Tropical Storm Abby occurs Southeast Texas.
Tropical Storm Abby originates Louisiana.
Tropical Storm Abby approachs Galveston.
Tropical Storm Abby makes Matagorda.
Tropical Storm Abby dissipates San Antonio.
Tropical Storm Abby causes Jackson County.
Tropical Storm Abby causes Victoria County.
Tropical Storm Abby emerges Florida.
Tropical Storm Abby is the location of tropical depression formation of Mississippi River Delta.
Tropical Storm Abby is the radar images showed organization around of Brownsville.
Tropical Storm Abby is the eye formed near of Galveston.
Tropical Storm Abby is the radar images showed organization around of Lake Charles.
Tropical Storm Abby is the radar images showed organization around of Victoria.
Tropical Storm Abby passs Edna.
Tropical Storm Abby strands Colorado River.
Tropical Storm Abby causes Atascosa River.
Tropical Storm Abby records Victoria International Airport.
Rhodesia locates Rhodesian Army.
Rhodesia is the fought against of Rhodesian Security Forces.
Rhodesia opposes Zimbabwe African National Union.
Rhodesia opposes Zimbabwe African People'S Union.
Rhodesia is the fought against of Zimbabwe African National Liberation Army.
Rhodesia is the fought against of Zimbabwe People'S Revolutionary Army.
Rhodesia includes Rhodesian Light Infantry.
Rhodesia is the 7 independent company formed in of Rhodesia Regiment.
Rhodesia is the visas procured from of South African Embassy.
Major Roland De L 'Assomption is the officer of French Army.
Major Roland De L 'Assomption is the officer of 11Th Shock Parachute Regiment.
Major Roland De L 'Assomption is the officer of Gabonese President Omar Bongo.
Major Mario La Viola is the officer of Foreign Legion 'S 2Nd Parachute Regiment.
Captain Toumi is the second in command of Rhodesian Army.
Colonel Bob Denard is the nickname of French.
Frenchmen is the member of French Army.
Frenchmen is the member of Rhodesia Regiment.
Frenchmen is the member of Rhodesian Light Infantry.
Mauritians is the member of Frenchmen.
Zanla is the member of Frenchmen.
Territorial Force is the member of Frenchmen.
Fireforce is the member of Frenchmen.
British South Africa Police (Bsap) is the member of Frenchmen.
Criminal Investigation Department is the member of Frenchmen.
Special Branch is the member of Frenchmen.
Selous Scouts is the member of Frenchmen.
Ali Soilih is the put into power of Colonel Bob Denard.
Gervais Henri Alfred Boutanquoi is the murder of Richard Kraft.
Simon Marc Chemouil is the murder of Richard Kraft.
Mangwende issues Gervais Henri Alfred Boutanquoi.