Nina Simone is the born of February 21, 1933.
Nina Simone dies April 21, 2003.
Nina Simone is the nationality of American.
Nina Simone is the occupation of Singer.
Nina Simone is the occupation of Songwriter.
Nina Simone is the occupation of Pianist.
Nina Simone is the occupation of Arranger.
Nina Simone is the occupation of Civil Rights Activist.
Nina Simone bears North Carolina.
Nina Simone raises Tryon.
Nina Simone is the education of Juilliard School Of Music.
Nina Simone lives New York.
Nina Simone is the education of Curtis Institute Of Music.
Nina Simone lives Philadelphia.
Eunice Kathleen Waymon is the name change of Nina Simone.
Nina Simone lives Atlantic City.
Nina Simone records Little Girl Blue.
Nina Simone records 1958.
Nina Simone records I Loves You, Porgy.
Nina Simone records United States.
Nina Simone is the musical influence of Johann Sebastian Bach.
Nina Simone is the musical style of Contralto.
Nina Simone signs Colpix Records.
Nina Simone performs Greenwich Village.
Nina Simone lives New York.
Nina Simone is the married of Andrew Stroud.
Nina Simone is the mother of Lisa.
Nina Simone signs 1964.
Nina Simone is the record distributor of American Colpix.
Nina Simone is the record distributor of Dutch Philips.
Nina Simone records Mississippi Goddam.
Nina Simone addresss Jim Crow.
Nina Simone mentions Martin Luther King.
Nina Simone mentions African Americans.
Nina Simone mentions Malcolm X.
Nina Simone mentions Black Nationalist Movement.
Nina Simone signs Philips.
Nina Simone signs Rca Victor.
Nina Simone records Backlash Blues.
Nina Simone mentions Langston Hughes.
Nina Simone mentions Gene Taylor.
Nina Simone dedicates Martin Luther King, Jr..
Nina Simone performs Westbury Music Fair.
Nina Simone performs April 7, 1968.
Nina Simone haves Errol Barrow.
Nina Simone persuades Miriam Makeba.
Nina Simone lives Liberia.
Nina Simone lives Switzerland.
Nina Simone lives Netherlands.
Nina Simone lives France.
Nina Simone publishs I Put A Spell On You.
Nina Simone records A Single Woman.
Nina Simone records 1993.
Nina Simone diagnoses Bipolar Disorder.
Nina Simone lives Aix-En-Provence.
Nina Simone lives Southern France.
Nina Simone dies Carry-Le-Rouet.
Nina Simone is the attended funeral of Miriam Makeba.
Nina Simone is the attended funeral of Patti Labelle.
Nina Simone is the attended funeral of Sonia Sanchez.
Nina Simone is the attended funeral of Ossie Davis.
Nina Simone is the attended funeral of Ruby Dee.
Nina Simone survives Lisa Celeste Stroud.
Nina Simone appears Broadway.
Nina Simone knows Reputation.