Croatia is the head of state of Prime Minister.
Croatia is the head of state of President Of Croatia.
Croatia is the executive power of Government.
Croatia is the legislative power of Croatian Parliament.
Croatia adopts Constitution Of Croatia.
Croatia is the declaration of independence of Yugoslavia.
Croatia is the head of state of President Of The Republic.
Croatia is the commander in chief of Armed Forces.
Croatia is the official residence of Banski Dvori.
Croatia is the head of government of Zoran Milanović.
Croatia is the legislative body of Parliament Of Croatia.
Croatia is the second chamber of Chamber Of Counties.
Croatia is the government ministers of Sdp.
Croatia is the government ministers of Hdz.
Croatia is the highest court of appeal of Supreme Court.
Croatia is the appoints judges of National Judicial Council.
Croatia is the rules on legal compliance of Constitutional Court.
Croatia is the head of court of Jasna Omejec.
Croatia represents State Attorney'S Office.
Croatia is the general state attorney of Mladen Bajić.
Croatia is the combats corruption of Uskok.
Croatia is the first subdivision of Counties.
Counties is the time period of subdivision of Middle Ages.
Counties affects Ottoman Conquest.
Counties affects Recapture.
Counties is the affected region of Dalmatia.
Counties is the affected region of Dubrovnik.
Counties is the affected region of Istria.
Croatia establishs Kingdom Of Serbs, Croats And Slovenes.
Kingdom Of Serbs, Croats And Slovenes introduces Oblasts.
Kingdom Of Yugoslavia introduces Banovinas.
Croatia is the under government rule of Communist Rule.
Yugoslavia introduces Municipalities.
Transleithanian is the city in region of Bjelovar.
Transleithanian is the city in region of Gospić.
Transleithanian is the city in region of Ogulin.
Transleithanian is the city in region of Požega.
Transleithanian is the city in region of Vukovar.
Transleithanian is the city in region of Varaždin.
Transleithanian is the city in region of Osijek.
Transleithanian is the city in region of Zagreb.
Legislation abolishs County Councils.
Elections holds 2009 Local Elections.
2009 Local Elections is the winner political party of Hdz-Led Coalitions.
2009 Local Elections is the winner political party of Sdp-Led Coalitions.
2009 Local Elections is the winner political party of Ids-Sdp Coalition.
2009 Local Elections is the winner political party of Hss.
2009 Local Elections is the winner political party of Hns.
2009 Local Elections is the winner political party of Hdssb.
History is the historical context of Austria-Hungary.
Austria-Hungary influences 1848 Events.
Austria-Hungary is the influential person of Ban Josip Jelačić.
Austria-Hungary follows Neo-Absolutism.
Austria-Hungary results Austro-Hungarian Compromise.
Austria-Hungary results Croatian-Hungarian Settlement.
Austria-Hungary is the influential party of Party Of Rights.
Austria-Hungary is the influential party of People'S Party.
Austria-Hungary is the influential party of National Constitutional Party.
Austria-Hungary is the influential party of Serb People'S Independent Party.
Austria-Hungary is the influential coalition of Croat-Serb Coalition.
Austria-Hungary is the influential person of Frano Supilo.
Austria-Hungary is the influential person of Svetozar Pribićević.
Austria-Hungary is the influential party of Croatian Peasant Party.
Austria-Hungary is the influential person of Stjepan Radić.
Austria-Hungary is the influential person of Antonio Bajamonti.
First Yugoslavia establishs Kingdom Of Serbs, Croats And Slovenes.
First Yugoslavia is the influential party of Hss.
First Yugoslavia is the influential person of Vladko Maček.
First Yugoslavia results Cvetković-Maček Agreement.
First Yugoslavia results Banovina Of Croatia.
First Yugoslavia affects World War Ii.
First Yugoslavia results Independent State Of Croatia.
First Yugoslavia opposes Communists.
First Yugoslavia suppresss Croatian Spring.
First Yugoslavia rules Communist Party Of Yugoslavia.
Modern Croatia transitions Socialist Republic Of Croatia.
Socialist Republic Of Croatia is the first political party of Croatian Social Liberal Party.
Socialist Republic Of Croatia founds Croatian Democratic Union.
Socialist Republic Of Croatia becomes Ivica Račan.
Socialist Republic Of Croatia renames League Of Communists Of Croatia-Party Of Democratic Changes.
Socialist Republic Of Croatia forms Coalition Of People'S Accord.
Socialist Republic Of Croatia is the leader of party of Dražen Budiša.
Socialist Republic Of Croatia is the leader of party of Franjo Tuđman.
Socialist Republic Of Croatia is the leader of party of Savka Dabčević-Kučar.
Socialist Republic Of Croatia is the leader of party of Miko Tripalo.
Socialist Republic Of Croatia appoints Franjo Gregurić.
Franjo Gregurić is the leader of country of Croatia.
Croatia occurs Declaration Of Independence.
Croatia returns Hdz.
Croatia is the largest opposition party of Sdp.
Franjo Tuđman wins Presidential Elections.
Franjo Tuđman amends Constitution Of Croatia.
Stjepan Mesić wins Presidential Elections.
Ivo Josipović wins Presidential Elections.
Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović wins Presidential Elections.