Hoysala Literature is the language of Kannada.
Hoysala Literature is the language of Sanskrit.
Hoysala Literature belongs Hoysala Empire.
Hoysala Empire establishs Nripa Kama Ii.
Hoysala Empire rules King Vishnuvardhana.
Hoysala Empire defeats Khilji Dynasty.
Hoysala Literature writes Madhvacharya.
Hoysala Literature contributes Jain Writers.
Hoysala Literature contributes Veerashaiva Writers.
Hoysala Literature contributes Vaishnava Authors.
Hoysala Literature introduces Harihara.
Hoysala Literature establishs Raghavanka.
Hoysala Literature introduces Sisumayana.
Hoysala Literature claims Belur Keshavadasa.
Hoysala Literature considers Naraharitirtha.
Hoysala Literature translates Palkuriki Somanatha.
Hoysala Literature translates Bhima Kavi.
Hoysala Literature haves King Deva Raya Ii.
Hoysala Literature is the probable author of rama kathe of Maghanandi.
Hoysala Literature knows Kanti.
Hoysala Literature is the authored writings on mathematics in kannada of Rajaditya.
Hoysala Literature authors Udayaditya.
Hoysala Literature inspires Basavanna.
Hoysala Literature writes Rudrabhatta.
Hoysala Literature is the patron of rudrabhatta of Chandramouli.
Hoysala Literature writes Nemichandra.
Madhvacharya is the devotion of Vishnu.
Madhvacharya teachs Vidyatirtha.
Vidyatirtha is the influence of Sayanacharya.
Bharatasvamin is the patronage of Ramanatha.
Katyayana is the patronage of Vira Narasimha Ii.
Veera Ballala Iii is the relationship of Kalyani Devi.
Madhvacharya teachs Trivikrama.
Trivikrama is the authorship of Usha.
Narayana Pandita is the composition of Madhvacharya.
Ramachandra Maladhari is the authorship of Gurupanchasmriti.
Chamarasa is the literary competition of Kumaravyasa.
Raghavanka is the patronage of Deva Raya Ii.
Lakshmisa is the authorship of Jaimini Bharata.
Akka Mahadevi is the influence of Sarvajna.
Ratnakaravarni is the authorship of Bharatadesa Vaibhava.
Purandara Dasa is the contemporary of Kanaka Dasa.
Purandara Dasa is the contemporary of Timanna Kavi.
Purandara Dasa is the contemporary of Naraharitirtha.
Vachana is the authorship of Veerashaivas.
Veerashaivas is the influence of Vijayanagara.
Lakkanna Dandesa is the patronage of Jakkanarya.