Mark Stockwell haves Mark William Stockwell.
Mark Stockwell is the spouse of Tracy Caulkins.
Mark Stockwell is the parent of Bill Stockwell.
Mark Stockwell is the parent of Necia Stockwell.
Mark Stockwell is the teammate of Greg Fasala.
Mark Stockwell is the teammate of Neil Brooks.
Mark Stockwell is the teammate of Michael Delany.
Mark Stockwell is the teammate of Matthew Renshaw.
Mark Stockwell is the teammate of Mark Kerry.
Mark Stockwell is the teammate of Peter Evans.
Mark Stockwell is the teammate of Glenn Buchanan.
Mark Stockwell is the teammate of Joe.
Mark Stockwell is the teammate of Rowdy Gaines.
Rowdy Gaines is the coach of Richard Quick.
Rowdy Gaines is the referee of Frank Silvestri.
Mark Stockwell is the coach of Randy Reese.
Mark Stockwell is the colleague of Campbell Newman.
Mark Stockwell is the colleague of Mike Kelso.
Eul is the colleague of Steve Feak.
Steve Feak is the colleague of Steve Mescon.
Steve Feak is the colleague of Icefrog.
Ancients is the creator of Icefrog.
Ancients is the creator of Mescon.
Ancients is the interest of Valve.
Valve is the employee of Robin Walker.
Valve is the producer of Erik Johnson.
Valve is the head of Gabe Newell.
Valve opposes Feak.
Valve opposes Rob Pardo.
Valve is the composer of Jason Hayes.
Valve is the collaborator of Tim Larkin.
Valve is the writer of Marc Laidlaw.
Valve is the writer of Ted Kosmatka.
Valve is the writer of Kris Katz.
Valve is the voice actor of Nolan North.
Valve is the voice actor of Dave Fennoy.
Valve is the voice actor of Jon St. John.
Valve is the voice actor of Ellen Mclain.
Valve is the voice actor of Fred Tatasciore.
Valve is the voice actor of Merle Dandridge.
Valve is the voice actor of Jen Taylor.
Valve is the voice actor of John Patrick Lowrie.
Valve is the professional player of Benedict Lim.
Valve is the professional player of Danil Ishutin.
Valve is the professional player of Clinton Loomis.
Valve is the vice president of Doug Lombardi.
Valve is the musician of Deadmau5.
Valve is the musician of Jj Lin.
Valve is the musician of Chance Thomas.
Valve is the musician of Jeremy Soule.
Valve is the musician of Lennie Moore.
Valve is the writer of Marc Laidlaw.
Valve is the professional player of Hyhy.
Valve is the professional player of Dendi.
Valve is the professional player of Fear.
Defense Of The Ancients transitions Dota 2.
Defense Of The Ancients transitions Heroes Of Newerth.
Defense Of The Ancients transitions League Of Legends.
Dota 2 supports Electronic Sports World Cup.
Dota 2 is the second highest paying esport title in 2011 of Starcraft Ii.
Dota 2 is the official title in 2012 of World Cyber Games.
Electronic Sports League is the seasonal tournament in 2013 of Raidcall Ems One.
Association For Chinese Esports starts Wpc Ace Dota 2 League.
Nexon invests South Korea.
Valve is the introduced compendium for third-party tournament organizers in 2014 of Asus Rog Dreamleague.
Valve sponsors Dota 2 Asia Championships.
Valve is the highest prize pool in esports history of The International.
Valve is the sponsors dota major championships of Counter-Strike: Global Offensive.
Frankfurt Major is the winner in 2015 of Og.
Perfect World is the winner in 2016 of Team Secret.
Pgl hosts Mall Of Asia Arena.
Og is the first team to repeat as champions of a dota 2 major of The International.
The International considers Valve.
The International breaks The International.
Twitch.Tv broadcasts Espn.
Twitch.Tv broadcasts Sport1.
Twitch.Tv broadcasts Tv 2 Zulu.
Twitch.Tv broadcasts Xinwen Lianbo.
Twitch.Tv broadcasts Astro.
Twitch.Tv broadcasts Tv5.
Metacritic receives Dota 2.
Pc Gamer previews Dota 2.
Game Informer announces Dota 2.
Eurogamer describes Dota 2.
Gamespot compliments Dota 2.
Ign praises Dota 2.
Gamestar alludes Dota 2.
Metro is the criticism for not compensating for the flaws with the learning curve of Dota 2.
Ars Technica directs Dota 2.
Gamereactor describes Dota 2.
Gametrailers awards Dota 2.
Game Revolution lists Dota 2.
Destructoid nominates Dota 2.
Valve is the secured licensing contracts for dota 2 products of Weta Workshop.
Valve announces National Entertainment Collectibles Association.