Artificial Intelligence initiates Pamela Mccorduck.
Classical Philosophers influences Artificial Intelligence.
Alan Turing proposes Artificial Intelligence.
British Mathematician proposes Alan Turing.
Allen Newell pioneers Artificial Intelligence.
J. C. Shaw pioneers Artificial Intelligence.
Herbert A. Simon pioneers Artificial Intelligence.
John Mccarthy founds Mit Artificial Intelligence Lab.
John Mccarthy creates Lisp.
James Lighthill criticizes Artificial Intelligence.
Japanese Government inspires Artificial Intelligence.
Charles Babbage speculates Ada Lovelace.
Alan Turing'S Theory Of Computation inspires Norbert Wiener.
Norbert Wiener inspires Claude Shannon.
Claude Shannon influences Artificial Intelligence.
W. Grey Walter is the built of Artificial Intelligence.
Walter Pitts analyzes Warren Mcculloch.
Warren Mcculloch inspires Marvin Minsky.
Marvin Minsky is the built of Marvin Minsky'S Snarc.
Alan Turing proposes Turing Test.
Christopher Strachey is the developed of Artificial Intelligence.
Dietrich Prinz is the developed of Artificial Intelligence.
Arthur Samuel is the developed of Artificial Intelligence.
Allen Newell And Herbert A. Simon creates Allen Newell And Herbert A. Simon'S Logic Theorist.
Dartmouth Conference marks Artificial Intelligence.
Ray Solomonoff participates Dartmouth Conference.
Oliver Selfridge participates Dartmouth Conference.
Trenchard More participates Dartmouth Conference.
Arthur Samuel participates Dartmouth Conference.
Allen Newell And Herbert A. Simon'S Logic Theorist proves Artificial Intelligence.
Robert Kowalski works University Of Edinburgh.
Robert Kowalski collaborates Alain Colmerauer.
Alain Colmerauer collaborates Philippe Roussel.
Alain Colmerauer creates Prolog.
Prolog is the uses of Horn Clauses.
Edward Feigenbaum is the developed of Expert Systems.
Edward Feigenbaum is the developed of Dendral.
Edward Feigenbaum is the developed of Mycin.
Edward Feigenbaum is the developed of Xcon.
Cmu develops Xcon.
Cmu develops Digital Equipment Corporation.
Symbolics produces Lisp Machines.
Symbolics uses Expert Systems.
Intellicorp uses Expert Systems.
Aion uses Expert Systems.
Pamela Mccorduck is the writes about of Expert Systems.
Douglas Lenat creates Cyc.
John Hopfield discovers Hopfield Net.
David Rumelhart popularizes Backpropagation.
David Rumelhart edits Parallel Distributed Processing.
Connectionism inspires Parallel Distributed Processing.
Expert Systems develops Edward Feigenbaum.
Expert Systems develops Cmu.
Expert Systems develops Digital Equipment Corporation.
Expert Systems is the developed of Xcon.
Expert Systems uses Symbolics.
Expert Systems uses Intellicorp.
Expert Systems uses Aion.
Expert Systems writes Pamela Mccorduck.
Cyc creates Douglas Lenat.
Chess Playing Programs defeats Hitech.
Chess Playing Programs defeats Deep Thought.
Deep Thought paves Deep Blue.
Garry Kasparov plays Deep Blue.
Ibm creates Deep Blue.
Stanford is the won of Darpa Grand Challenge.
Cmu is the won of Darpa Urban Challenge.
Ibm creates Watson.
Watson defeats Brad Rutter.
Watson defeats Ken Jennings.
Deep Blue is the comparison of Ferranti Mark 1.
Christopher Strachey is the taught of Ferranti Mark 1.
Moore'S Law is the predicts of Computer.
Intelligent Agents develops Judea Pearl.
Intelligent Agents develops Allen Newell.
Intelligent Agents is the incorporates of Decision Theory.
Intelligent Agents is the incorporates of Economics.
Intelligent Agents is the defines of Ai Research.
Programs is the examples of of Intelligent Agents.
Human Beings is the examples of of Intelligent Agents.
Organizations is the examples of of Intelligent Agents.
Firms is the examples of of Intelligent Agents.
Russell & Norvig is the describes of Neats.
Judea Pearl is the author of of Judea Pearl'S Book.
Judea Pearl is the incorporates of Probability.
Judea Pearl is the incorporates of Decision Theory.
Bayesian Networks is the utilizes of Judea Pearl'S Book.
Hidden Markov Models is the utilizes of Judea Pearl'S Book.
Information Theory is the utilizes of Judea Pearl'S Book.
Stochastic Modeling is the utilizes of Judea Pearl'S Book.
Classical Optimization is the utilizes of Judea Pearl'S Book.
Computational Intelligence is the describes of Judea Pearl'S Book.
Neural Networks is the describes of Computational Intelligence.
Evolutionary Algorithms is the describes of Computational Intelligence.
Nick Bostrom is the explains of Ai Research.
Nick Bostrom is the refers to of Informatics.
Nick Bostrom is the refers to of Knowledge-Based Systems.
Nick Bostrom is the refers to of Cognitive Systems.
Nick Bostrom is the refers to of Computational Intelligence.
Hal 9000 creates Arthur C. Clarke.
Hal 9000 creates Stanley Kubrick.
Marvin Minsky is the comments on of Hal 9000.
John Mccarthy is the comments on of Hal 9000.
Ray Kurzweil is the predicts of Computer.
Jeff Hawkins is the critiques of Neural Networks.