Corpus Christi Bay is the location of Texas.
Corpus Christi Bay is the location of San Patricio County.
Corpus Christi Bay is the location of Nueces County.
Corpus Christi Bay is the city of Corpus Christi.
Corpus Christi Bay is the location of Mustang Island.
Corpus Christi Bay is the location of Nueces River.
Corpus Christi Bay is the location of Oso Creek.
Corpus Christi Bay is the location of Gulf Of Mexico.
Corpus Christi Bay is the location of San Antonio.
Corpus Christi Bay is the location of Houston.
Corpus Christi Bay inhabits Karankawa Indians.
Corpus Christi Bay discovers Alonso Álvarez De Pineda.
Corpus Christi Bay discovers Joaquín De Orobio Y Basterra.
Corpus Christi Bay names Diego Ortiz Parrilla.
Corpus Christi Bay is the first land purchase of Blas María De La Garza Falcón.
Corpus Christi Bay establishs Henry Kinney.
Corpus Christi Bay designs Gutzon Borglum.
Corpus Christi Bay stations General Zachary Taylor.
Corpus Christi Bay uses Confederates.
Corpus Christi Bay occupys Union.
Corpus Christi Bay involves John Mccain.
Corpus Christi Bay designates Environmental Protection Agency.
Corpus Christi Bay collaborates Coastal Bend Bays And Estuaries Program.
Corpus Christi Bay collaborates U.S. Fish And Wildlife Service.
Corpus Christi Bay contributes Port Of Corpus Christi.
Corpus Christi Bay is the location of Ingleside.
Corpus Christi Bay establishs Brauer Corporation.
Corpus Christi Bay establishs Reynolds Metals.
Corpus Christi Bay establishs Dupont.
Corpus Christi Bay dredges Army Corps Of Engineers.
Corpus Christi Bay is the attraction of Texas State Aquarium.
Corpus Christi Bay is the attraction of Uss Lexington Museum.
Corpus Christi Bay is the attraction of Corpus Christi Museum Of Science And History.
Corpus Christi Bay occurs 1990 Pacific Hurricane Season.
International Dateline occurs Storms.
Storms is the part of of Hurricane Alma.
Hurricane Alma evolves Tropical Depression One @-@ E.
Tropical Depression One @-@ E evolves Tropical Storm Alma.
Storms is the part of of Hurricane Boris.
Hurricane Boris evolves Tropical Depression Two @-@ E.
Tropical Depression Two @-@ E evolves Tropical Storm Boris.
Storms is the part of of Tropical Storm Cristina.
Tropical Storm Cristina evolves Tropical Depression Three @-@ E.
Storms is the part of of Tropical Storm Douglas.
Tropical Storm Douglas evolves Tropical Depression Four @-@ E.
Tropical Depression Four @-@ E evolves Hurricane Elida.
Hurricane Elida evolves Tropical Depression Five @-@ E.
Tropical Depression Five @-@ E evolves Tropical Storm Elida.
Storms is the part of of Tropical Depression Six @-@ E.
Tropical Depression Six @-@ E evolves Hurricane Fausto.
Hurricane Fausto evolves Tropical Depression Seven @-@ E.
Tropical Depression Seven @-@ E evolves Tropical Storm Fausto.
Tropical Storm Fausto evolves Tropical Depression Eight @-@ E.
Tropical Depression Eight @-@ E evolves Tropical Storm Genevieve.
Tropical Storm Genevieve evolves Tropical Depression Nine @-@ E.
Tropical Depression Nine @-@ E evolves Tropical Storm Hernan.
Hernan is the proximity of Iselle.
Iselle strengthens Tropical Depression Ten-E.
Iselle is the proximity of Julio.
Tropical Depression Eleven-E is the proximity of Hernan.
Tropical Storm Aka spawns Tropical Depression Eleven-E.
Tropical Depression Diana is the proximity of Hernan.
Tropical Depression Two-C is the proximity of Hernan.
Tropical Depression Twelve-E is the proximity of Hernan.
Julio is the proximity of Kenna.
Kenna is the proximity of Lowell.
Lowell is the proximity of Marie.
Marie is the proximity of Rachel.
Norbert is the absorbed of Tropical Depression Eighteen-E.
Odile is the proximity of Norbert.
Rachel is the proximity of Hernan.
Rachel causes Santa Anita.
Rachel causes Mexico.
Rachel causes Texas.
Polo originates Atlantic Ocean.
Polo approachs Central America.
Polo crosss Pacific Ocean.
Simon passs Colombia.
Simon develops Mexico.
Simon upgrades Cabo San Lucas.
Trudy forms Mexico.
Trudy impacts Socorro Island.
Vance approachs Mexico.