Track And Field is the subcategory of Athletics.
Track And Field is the competition of Olympic Games.
Track And Field is the competition of Iaaf World Championships In Athletics.
Track And Field governs International Association Of Athletics Federations.
Ancient Olympic Games contests Stadion Footrace.
Ancient Olympic Games introduces Pentathlon.
Ancient Olympic Games contests Javelin Throw.
Ancient Olympic Games contests Discus Throw.
Ancient Olympic Games contests Wrestling.
Ancient Olympic Games expands Running Competitions.
Pole Vault originates Fierljeppen Contests.
Royal Shrewsbury School Hunt organizes Paper Chase Races.
Royal Shrewsbury School Hunt organizes Men'S Outdoor Track And Field Championship.
Wenlock Olympian Games organizes National Olympian Association.
National Olympian Association organizes Olympian Games.
Amateur Athletic Association organizes Aaa Championships.
Usa Outdoor Track And Field Championships organizes Amateur Athletic Union.
Amateur Athletic Union is the successor organization of Usa Track And Field.
Union Des Sociétés Françaises De Sports Athlétiques formalizes International Association Of Athletics Federations.
Olympic Athletics Programme introduces Metric Measurements.
Men'S Outdoor Track And Field Championship is the inspired event of World Student Games.
South American Championships is the inspired event of European Athletics Championships.
Women'S World Games is the introduced women 's events of 1928 Summer Olympics.
1960 Summer Paralympics is the inclusive event of Disabled Athletes.
Commonwealth Games is the similar events of Pan-American Games.
Athletics Congress is the successor organization of Usa Track And Field.
International Association Of Athletics Federations organizes Iaaf World Championships In Athletics.
Carl Lewis participates Iaaf World Championships In Athletics.
Sergey Bubka participates Iaaf World Championships In Athletics.
Sebastian Coe participates Iaaf World Championships In Athletics.
Zola Budd participates Iaaf World Championships In Athletics.
Florence Griffith-Joyner participates Iaaf World Championships In Athletics.
Ben Johnson participates Iaaf World Championships In Athletics.
Marion Jones participates Iaaf World Championships In Athletics.
Running is the event type of Sprints.
Running is the event type of Middle Distance.
Running is the event type of Long Distance.
Running is the event type of Relay Races.
Running is the event type of Hurdling.
Running is the event type of Jumping.
Sprints is the sub-event of 100 Metres.
Sprints is the sub-event of 200 Metres.
Sprints is the sub-event of 400 Metres.
Middle Distance is the sub-event of 800 Metres.
Middle Distance is the sub-event of 1500 Metres.
Middle Distance is the sub-event of 3000 Metres.
Long Distance is the sub-event of 5000 Metres.
Long Distance is the sub-event of 10,000 Metres.
Relay Races is the sub-event of 4 × 100 Metres Relay.
Relay Races is the sub-event of 4 × 400 Metres Relay.
Hurdling is the sub-event of 110 Metres Hurdles.
Hurdling is the sub-event of 400 Metres Hurdles.
Jumping is the sub-event of Long Jump.
Jumping is the sub-event of Triple Jump.
World Championship is the status of Olympics.
Olympics features Men'S Standing Triple Jump.
High Jump is the origin of Scotland.
High Jump is the standardization of England.
Athletes pioneers Fosbury Flop.
Pole Vault records Fierljeppen.
Pole Vault vaults Germany.
Pole Vault is the competition of Cumbria.
Pole Vault is the origin of United States.
Bud Held introduces Pole Vault.
Miklós Németh invents Pole Vault.
Shot Put records Switzerland.
Shot Put popularizes Parry O'Brien.
Shot Put introduces Aleksandr Baryshnikov.
Shot Put introduces Brian Oldfield.
Discus Throw includes Ancient Pentathlon.
Discus Throw features Athens.
Javelin Throw is the popularity of Scandinavia.
Bud Held introduces Javelin Throw.
Miklós Németh invents Javelin Throw.
Combined Events is the common of Decathlon.
Combined Events is the common of Heptathlon.
Combined Events is the common of Pentathlon.
Stadium is the measurement of Panathinaiko Stadium.
Stadium is the measurement of Francis Field.
Iaaf is the popularity of Tartan Track.
Millrose Games holds Madison Square Garden.
Sunkist Invitational is the formerly held at of Los Angeles Sports Arena.
Jumping Events holds Indoor Venues.
Long Jump holds Indoor Venues.
Triple Jump holds Indoor Venues.
Pole Vault holds Indoor Venues.
Shot Put holds Indoor Venues.
Weight Throw holds Indoor Venues.
Throwing Area is the similar to of Outdoor Event.
World Indoor Championships hosts Iaaf.
Iaaf is the hosts of Iaaf World Indoor Tour.
Rules Of Track Athletics sets Competition Rules Of The International Association Of Athletics Federations.
Competition Rules Of The International Association Of Athletics Federations relates 2009 Rules.
Starting marks Starting Line.
Starting uses Starting Blocks.
Starting fires Starting Apparatus.
Starting fires Starter'S Gun.
Starting is the results in of False Start.
Reaction Time measures False Start.
Running The Race follows Lane Rules.
Lane Rules is the results in of Jostles Or Obstructs Another Athlete.
The Finish improves Photo Timing.
Field Rules is the include of Vertical Jumps.
Field Rules is the include of Horizontal Jumps.
Field Rules is the include of Throws.
Equipment is the involves of Men'S Javelin.
Equipment is the involves of Women'S Javelin.
Equipment is the involves of Men'S Weight Throw.
Equipment is the involves of Women'S Weight Throw.
Equipment is the involves of Men'S Discus.
Equipment is the involves of Women'S Discus.
Equipment is the involves of Men'S Shot Put.
Equipment is the involves of Women'S Shot Put.
Equipment is the involves of Men'S Hammer Throw.
Equipment is the involves of Women'S Hammer Throw.
Equipment is the involves of Men'S High Hurdles.
Equipment is the involves of Women'S Hurdles.
Equipment is the involves of Intermediate Hurdles.
Organizations governs International Association Of Athletics Federations.
Usa Track & Field is the governs of Track And Field.
Philippine Amateur Track & Field Association is the governs of Track And Field.
Competitions is the part of of Olympics.
Competitions is the part of of Paralympics.
Competitions is the part of of World Championships.
Iaaf World Championships In Athletics organizes Iaaf.
Iaaf World Championships In Athletics includes Marathon.
Iaaf World Championships In Athletics includes Racewalking.
Iaaf World Indoor Championships In Athletics organizes Iaaf.
South American Championships In Athletics follows European Athletics Championships.
South American Championships In Athletics follows Asian Athletics Championships.
South American Championships In Athletics follows African Championships In Athletics.