Timothy Henry HoʻOlulu Pitman serves American Union Army.
Timothy Henry HoʻOlulu Pitman is the descendant of of Native Hawaiian.
Timothy Henry HoʻOlulu Pitman is the member of of HawaiʻI Sons Of The Civil War.
Timothy Henry HoʻOlulu Pitman bears Hilo.
Timothy Henry HoʻOlulu Pitman is the son of of KinoʻOleoliliha.
Timothy Henry HoʻOlulu Pitman is the son of of Benjamin Pitman.
Benjamin Pitman is the native of of Massachusetts.
Timothy Henry HoʻOlulu Pitman is the continued education in of Roxbury.
Timothy Henry HoʻOlulu Pitman is the friend of of Robert G. Carter.
Timothy Henry HoʻOlulu Pitman participates Battle Of Antietam.
Timothy Henry HoʻOlulu Pitman is the sibling of of Mary Ann Pitman Ailau.
Timothy Henry HoʻOlulu Pitman is the half-sibling of of Maria KinoʻOle Pitman Morey.
Timothy Henry HoʻOlulu Pitman is the great-grandson of of Joshua Pitman.
Timothy Henry HoʻOlulu Pitman is the descendant of of KameʻEiamoku.
Timothy Henry HoʻOlulu Pitman is the descendant of of Kamanawa.
Timothy Henry HoʻOlulu Pitman is the descendant of of Kamehameha I.
Timothy Henry HoʻOlulu Pitman is the descendant of of Harold Cox.
Timothy Henry HoʻOlulu Pitman is the descendant of of George Kahekili KeʻEaumoku Ii.
Timothy Henry HoʻOlulu Pitman is the descendant of of King Kamehameha Iii.
Timothy Henry HoʻOlulu Pitman receives Lucy Sheldon Taylor Wetmore.
Timothy Henry HoʻOlulu Pitman receives Charles Hinckley Wetmore.
Benjamin Pitman marrys Maria Louisa Walsworth Kinney.
Rev. Henry Kinney is the spouse of of Maria Louisa Walsworth Kinney.
Timothy Henry HoʻOlulu Pitman resides Solomon Adams.
Timothy Henry HoʻOlulu Pitman resides Newton.
King Kamehameha Iv is the declared neutrality during of American Civil War.
Timothy Henry HoʻOlulu Pitman serves Col. Henry Wilson.
Timothy Henry HoʻOlulu Pitman serves Col. William S. Tilton.
Timothy Henry HoʻOlulu Pitman serves Major General George B. Mcclellan.
Timothy Henry HoʻOlulu Pitman describes Robert G. Carter.
Timothy Henry HoʻOlulu Pitman captures Colonel John S. Mosby.
Timothy Henry HoʻOlulu Pitman captures J. E. B. Stuart.
Carter is the described of Confederate Prisons.
Pitman releases City Point, Virginia.
Pitman is the sent to of Annapolis Parole Camp.
Pitman contracts Lung Fever.
Pitman dies Parole Camp.
Pitman is the possibly contracted of Pneumonia.
Carter writes Pitman.
Pitman is the funeral at of Roxbury.
Pitman returns Massachusetts.
Benjamin Pitman burys Mount Auburn Cemetery.
Timothy Henry Pitman bears Hilo, Hawaii.
Timothy Henry Pitman dies Camp Parole Annapolis, Md.
Timothy Henry Pitman is the member of of Co . H , 22Nd Regiment Mass . Vols ..
Timothy Henry Pitman participates South Mountain.
Timothy Henry Pitman participates Antietam.
Timothy Henry Pitman participates Sharpsburg.
Timothy Henry Pitman takes Stuart 'S Cavalry.
Timothy Henry Pitman imprisons Libby Prison.
Timothy Henry Pitman is the sent to of Parole Camp.
Timothy Henry Pitman dies Parole Camp.
Timothy Henry Pitman dies Pneumonia.
Henry HoʻOlulu Pitman honors Massachusetts.
Henry HoʻOlulu Pitman honors HawaiʻI.
Benjamin Keolaokalani Franklin Pitman discovers HawaiʻI.
Benjamin Keolaokalani Franklin Pitman names KealiʻI I Kaua I Pakoma.
Henry HoʻOlulu Pitman Beckley names Henry HoʻOlulu Pitman.
Henry HoʻOlulu Pitman Beckley is the relative of of George Charles MoʻOheau Beckley.
Pitman eulogizes HawaiʻI.
Pitman eulogizes Martha Ann Chamberlain.
Martha Ann Chamberlain is the member of of Hawaiian Mission Children 'S Society.
Timothy Henry Pitman deposits Mt . Auburn Cemetery.
Timothy Henry Pitman dies Mt . Auburn Cemetery.
Timothy Henry Pitman serves American Civil War.
Diane KinoʻOle O Liliha Pitman Spieler attends National Park Service.
Pitman Spieler is the descendant of of Pitman.
Pitman Spieler is the proud of of Pitman.
Todd Ocvirk involves National Park Service.
Nanette Napoleon involves National Park Service.
Justin Vance involves National Park Service.
Anita Manning involves National Park Service.
Todd Ocvirk creates Henry HoʻOlulu Pitman.
Nanette Napoleon creates Henry HoʻOlulu Pitman.
Justin Vance creates Henry HoʻOlulu Pitman.
Anita Manning creates Henry HoʻOlulu Pitman.
Wayne Moniz writes Pukoko : A Hawaiian In The American Civil War.
National Park Service releases Asians And Pacific Islanders And The Civil War.
Anita Manning is the co writer of publication of Asians And Pacific Islanders And The Civil War.
Justin Vance is the co writer of publication of Asians And Pacific Islanders And The Civil War.