Crosby Garrett Helmet dates Late 2Nd Or Early 3Rd Century Ad.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the discovery by of Unnamed Metal Detectorist.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the discovery location of Crosby Garrett.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the location in cumbria of Cumbria.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the location in england of England.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the location of discovery of Romano-British Farming Settlement.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the proximity to roman road of Roman Road.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the proximity to roman army fort of Roman Army Fort.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the possible owner of Local Inhabitant.
Crosby Garrett Helmet deposits Artificial Stone Structure.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the usage for of Ceremonial Occasions.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the not used for of Combat.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the similar to of Newstead Helmet.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the similar to of Ribchester Helmet.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the similar to of Hallaton Helmet.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the comparison to helmets from of Southern Europe.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the symbolic reference to of Trojans.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the description by of Dr Ralph Jackson.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the description by of British Museum.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the sale at of Christie'S.
Crosby Garrett Helmet attempts Tullie House Museum And Art Gallery.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the location of tullie house museum and art gallery of Carlisle.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the description of type of Roman Cavalry Helmet.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the description of type of Phrygian Cap.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the description of ornament of Winged Griffin.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the description of ornament of Amphora.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the description of attachment of Iron Hinge Pin.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the description of attachment of Leather Strap.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the description of attachment of Rivet.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the comparison to other helmets of Roman Helmets.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the composition of of Copper Alloy.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the composition of of Zinc.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the composition of of Tin.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the description of coating of White Metal Coating.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the symbolic reference to of Roman Gods.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the debate about of Symbolic Meaning.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the symbolic reference to of Nemesis.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the symbolic reference to of Goddess Of Vengeance.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the symbolic reference to of Fate.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the symbolic reference to of Gladiatorial Combat.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the symbolic reference to of Attis.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the symbolic reference to of Perseus.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the possible origin from of Eastern Mediterranean.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the symbolic reference to of Greek God.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the details of discovery of Discovery.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the details of restoration of Restoration.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the owner of farm of Eric Robinson.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the residence of metal detectorist of Peterlee.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the location of metal detectorist of County Durham.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the previous discoveries by metal detectorist of Roman Coins.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the features near findspot of Earthworks.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the context of findspot of Ancient Settlement.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the inhabited territory of of Carvetii Tribe.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the proximity to northern frontier of Roman Britain.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the proximity to roman fort of Brough Castle.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the sponsorship by of Tullie House Museum And Art Gallery.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the sponsorship by of Portable Antiquities Scheme.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the early settlement evidence of Bronze Age.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the early settlement evidence of Bronze Age Settlement.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the burial method of Stone Slabs.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the burial method of Stone Cap.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the cultural adoption evidence of Roman Pottery.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the cultural adoption evidence of Roman Lifestyle.
Crosby Garrett Helmet supports Archaeological Evidence.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the proximity to military sites of Roman Military Locations.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the possible connection to of Roman Army.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the antiquity of helmet of Valuable Antique.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the possible ritual purpose of Ritual Sacrifice.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the sale details of Auction.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the controversy details of Controversy.
Crosby Garrett Helmet is the reporting to of Portable Antiquities Scheme.
National Heritage Memorial Fund is the funding of Tullie House.
Headley Trust is the funding of Tullie House.
Monument Trust is the funding of Tullie House.
Art Fund is the funding of Tullie House.
J Paul Getty Jr Charitable Trust is the funding of Tullie House.
Tullie House receives National Heritage Memorial Fund.
Tullie House receives Headley Trust.
Tullie House receives Monument Trust.
Tullie House receives Art Fund.
Tullie House receives J Paul Getty Jr Charitable Trust.
Tullie House is the bidder of Uk Resident.
Tullie House is the bidder of Fine Art Collector.
Tullie House wins Buyer.
Buyer pays Tullie House.
Royal Academy Of Arts is the display location of Tullie House.
Tullie House Museum And Art Gallery is the display location of Tullie House.
British Museum is the display location of Tullie House.