Jurchen Jin Dynasty is the conflict of Han Chinese Song Dynasty.
Jurchen Jin Dynasty is the conflict of Khitan Liao Dynasty.
Jurchen Jin Dynasty is the ally of Song General.
Han Chinese Song Dynasty is the ally of Jurchen Jin Dynasty.
Emperor Huizong Of The Song is the succession of Qinzong.
Wanyan Liang is the conflict of Mongols.
Jurchen Jin Dynasty is the conflict of Song Dynasty.
Tungusic-Speaking Group is the inhabitant of Northeast China.
Wanyan Aguda is the rebellion of Liao Dynasty.
Tong Guan is the negotiation of Jurchen Jin Dynasty.
Zhang Jue is the defection of Jurchen Jin Dynasty.
Wanyan Zonghan is the siege of Taiyuan.
Wang Bing is the defense of Taiyuan.
Wanyan Zongwang is the capture of Yanjing.
Huizong is the succession of Qinzong.
Huizong is the flee of Kaifeng.
Qinzong is the besiege of Kaifeng.
Jurchen Jin Dynasty is the conflict of Song Dynasty.
Jin is the conflict of Song.
Emperor Qinzong is the negotiation of Jurchen Army.
Jurchen Army is the siege of Kaifeng.
Wanyan Zonghan is the siege of Taiyuan.
Emperor Huizong is the blame of Ari Daniel Levine.
Emperor Huizong is the diversion of resources of Military.
Li Gang is the execution of Emperor Gaozong.
Zhang Bangchang is the puppet emperor of Da Chu.
Da Chu is the recognition of Song.
Zong Ze is the advice of Emperor Gaozong.
Emperor Gaozong is the provocation of Jin.
Zhang Jun is the battle of Wuzhu.
Yue Fei is the resistance of Jurchen Army.
Han Shizhong is the naval battle of Wuzhu.
Zhang Rong is the victory of Jin.
Gaozong is the capital of Hangzhou.
Gaozong supports Da Qi.
Qin Hui recommends Gaozong.
Qin Hui recommends Da Qi.
Jurchens creates Da Qi.
Liu Yu appoints Da Qi.
Liu Yu is the first capital of Daming.
Liu Yu is the previous position of Jinan.
Da Qi supports Jurchens.
Da Qi invades Song.
Li Cheng leads Da Qi.
Yue Fei opposes Da Qi.
Han Shizhong opposes Da Qi.
Yang Qizhong leads Da Qi.
Zhang Jun convinces Gaozong.
Emperor Xizong inherits Jin.
Emperor Xizong reduces Da Qi.
Emperor Xizong abolishs Da Qi.
Emperor Xizong renews Jin.
Gaozong promotes Qin Hui.
Gaozong is the put in charge of Qin Hui.
Yue Fei criticizes Han Shizhong.
Yue Fei resigns Han Shizhong.
Yue Fei imprisons Han Shizhong.
Yue Fei poisons Qin Hui.
Yue Fei executes Gaozong.
Wuzhu leads Emperor Xizong.
Wuzhu becomes Jin.
Wuzhu declares Song.
Wuzhu hampers Emperor Gaozong.
Wuzhu invades Emperor Gaozong.
Wuzhu assassinates Emperor Gaozong.
Wuzhu succeeds Emperor Shizong.
Wuzhu ends Emperor Shizong.
Wuzhu pressures Emperor Gaozong.
Wuzhu mishandles Emperor Gaozong.
Yu Yunwen defends Jurchens.
Jin is the siege of Kaifeng.
Jin uses Incendiary Bombs.
Jin uses Siege Towers.
Song defends De 'An.
Song proposes Lin Zhiping.
Song belongs Navy.
Song participates Caishi.
Song fires Pili Huoqiu.
Song fires Trebuchets.
Song commands Wanyan Liang.
Song contains Gunpowder Mixture.
Gunpowder Mixture contains Powdered Lime.
Gunpowder Mixture produces Blinding Smoke.
Song is the deployed of Tangdao.
Song stations Xiangyang.
Song is the fought in of Qizhou.
Jurchens is the fought against of Qizhou.
Jurchens uses Gunpowder Bombs.
Jurchens uses Arrows.
Jin is the developed of Iron Huopao.
Iron Huopao is the could explode of Bombs.
Song haves Arsenal.
Song haves Huopao.
Song haves Incendiary Gunpowder Arrows.
Song haves Pidapao.
Pidapao fills Leather Bags.