Everglades locates United States.
Everglades uses Land.
Everglades uses Agricultural Use.
Everglades relates Geography.
Everglades relates Ecology.
Everglades locates Orlando.
Everglades drains Lake Okeechobee.
Lake Okeechobee is the drains into of River.
Lake Okeechobee is the drains into of Florida Bay.
Hamilton Disston attempts Everglades.
Hamilton Disston attracts Railway Developer.
Hamilton Disston attracts Henry Flagler.
Napoleon Bonaparte Broward promises Everglades.
Engineer is the mistaken report led to drainage of Everglades.
Real Estate Developers pressures Everglades.
Tourist Industry affects Everglades.
Hurricanes causes Lake Okeechobee.
Army Corps Of Engineers builds Lake Okeechobee.
Sections divides Everglades.
Water Control Devices instals Everglades.
Urban Areas is the received water from of Everglades.
Airport plans Everglades National Park.
Everglades National Park affects Tourist Industry.
Thomas Edison is the residence of Fort Myers.
Henry Flagler establishs St. Augustine.
Henry Flagler builds Palm Beach.
Julia Tuttle invites Henry Flagler.
Napoleon Bonaparte Broward promotes Everglades.
James O. Wright draws Florida.
Richard J. Bolles purchases Everglades.
Guy Bradley protects Cuthbert Lake.
Theodore Roosevelt establishs Pelican Island.
Water Flow is the affects of Farmers.
Water Flow is the affects of Commercial Fishers.
Fred Elliot replaces James Wright.
1926 Miami Hurricane follows 1928 Okeechobee Hurricane.
1928 Okeechobee Hurricane triggers Herbert Hoover Dike.
President Herbert Hoover orders Army Corps Of Engineers.
Herbert Hoover Dike is the surrounds of Everglades.
Charles Torrey Simpson founds Ernest F. Coe.
Ernest F. Coe establishs Everglades.
Marjory Stoneman Douglas advocates Everglades.
Central And Southern Florida Flood Control Project is the manages of Everglades.
Everglades Agricultural Area establishs C & Sf.
Everglades Agricultural Area locates Everglades.
C & Sf adds Manganese Sulfate.
Everglades Agricultural Area is the primary crop of Sugarcane.
Farms renames U.S. Sugar.
U.S. Sugar produces Everglades.
Sugarcane Farmers investigates U.S. Sugar.
U.S. Sugar lures Employees.
U.S. Sugar holds Employees.
U.S. Sugar punishs Employees.
U.S. Sugar indicts Employees.
U.S. Sugar benefits Cuban Goods.
Sugar Mills is the set records of Belle Glade.
Fields is the pumped of Wcas.
Fields is the pumped of Everglades National Park.
Fields introduces Exotic Plants.
Miami International Airport proposes Dade County Port Authority.
Dade County Port Authority buys Everglades National Park.
Dade County Port Authority builds Everglades National Park.
Dade County Port Authority declares Everglades National Park.
Jetport locates Everglades National Park.
Dcpa declares People.
C & Sf informs Conservation Groups.
Real Estate Prices increases Jetport.
Us Geological Survey studys Jetport.
Environmental Scientists highlights Region.
New York Times calls Jetport.
Wisconsin Senator Gaylord Nelson writes President Richard Nixon.
Governor Claude Kirk is the withdrew support of Jetport.
Marjory Stoneman Douglas establishs Friends Of The Everglades.
U.S. Department Of Transportation pledges Jetport.
President Richard Nixon establishs Big Cypress National Preserve.
Jetport is the affected of Everglades.
Everglades declares Unesco.
Everglades declares Ramsar Convention.