Mortimer Wheeler is the same person of Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler.
Mortimer Wheeler is the director of National Museum Of Wales.
Mortimer Wheeler is the director of London Museum.
Mortimer Wheeler is the director general of Archaeological Survey Of India.
Mortimer Wheeler is the founder of Institute Of Archaeology.
Mortimer Wheeler is the spouse of Tessa Wheeler.
Mortimer Wheeler influences Augustus Pitt Rivers.
Mortimer Wheeler is the oversaw excavations of Lydney Park.
Mortimer Wheeler is the oversaw excavations of Verulamium.
Mortimer Wheeler is the oversaw excavations of Maidan Castle.
Mortimer Wheeler is the oversaw excavations of Harappa.
Mortimer Wheeler is the oversaw excavations of Arikamedu.
Mortimer Wheeler is the oversaw excavations of Brahmagiri.
Mortimer Wheeler is the adviser of Pakistan.
Mortimer Wheeler appoints British Academy.
Mortimer Wheeler is the british representative of Unesco.
Mortimer Wheeler is the major figure of South Asian Archaeology.
Mortimer Wheeler volunteers World War I.
Mortimer Wheeler is the service of Royal Artillery.
Mortimer Wheeler stations Western Front.
Mortimer Wheeler is the instructor of University College London Officer Training Corps.
Mortimer Wheeler transfers Royal Field Artillery.
Mortimer Wheeler engages Battle Of Passchendaele.
Mortimer Wheeler is the part of of Third Army.
Mortimer Wheeler stations Italy.
Mortimer Wheeler stations Belgium.
Mortimer Wheeler stations Germany.
Mortimer Wheeler is the advance against of Austro-Hungarian.
Mortimer Wheeler removes Russian Republic.
Mortimer Wheeler transfers France.
Mortimer Wheeler is the part of of British Forces.
Mortimer Wheeler is the part of of Julian Byng.
Mortimer Wheeler awards Military Cross.
Mortimer Wheeler stations Pulheim.
Mortimer Wheeler studys Colchester.
Mortimer Wheeler studys Balkerne Gate.
Mortimer Wheeler studys Temple Of Claudius.
Mortimer Wheeler is the destroyed of Boudica'S Revolt.
Mortimer Wheeler is the director of National Museum Of Wales.
Mortimer Wheeler is the lecturer of University College Of South Wales And Monmouthshire.
Mortimer Wheeler moves Cardiff.
Mortimer Wheeler works Lydia C. Carr.
Mortimer Wheeler links Plaid Cymru.
Mortimer Wheeler excavates Segontium.
Mortimer Wheeler influences Augustus Pitt-Rivers.
Mortimer Wheeler mentors Victor Nash-Williams.
Mortimer Wheeler mentors Ian Richmond.
Mortimer Wheeler excavates Y Gaer.
Mortimer Wheeler excavates Brecon.
Mortimer Wheeler admires Flinders Petrie.
Mortimer Wheeler is the met of Hilda Petrie.
Mortimer Wheeler sponsors Daily Mail.
Mortimer Wheeler associates King Arthur.
Mortimer Wheeler publishs Oxford University Press.
Mortimer Wheeler succeeds William Evans Hoyle.
Mortimer Wheeler provides Charles Reed Peers.
Mortimer Wheeler provides Robert Bosanquet.
Mortimer Wheeler provides H. J. Fleure.
Mortimer Wheeler employs Cyril Fox.
Mortimer Wheeler receives William Reardon Smith.
Mortimer Wheeler opens King George V.
Mortimer Wheeler is the director of of London Museum.
Mortimer Wheeler replaces Harmon Oates.
Mortimer Wheeler bases Lancaster House.
Mortimer Wheeler marrys Tessa Wheeler.
Mortimer Wheeler moves Victoria Station.
Mortimer Wheeler elects Society Of Antiquaries.
Mortimer Wheeler advocates City Of London Corporation.
Mortimer Wheeler takes University College London.
Mortimer Wheeler enrols Stuart Piggott.
Mortimer Wheeler excavates Lydney Park.
Mortimer Wheeler invites Charles Bathurst.
Mortimer Wheeler discovers Lydney Hoard.
Mortimer Wheeler works Kathleen Kenyon.
Mortimer Wheeler works A. W. G. Lowther.
Mortimer Wheeler excavates Verulamium.
Mortimer Wheeler critiques Nowell Myres.
Mortimer Wheeler is the employer of critic of Christ Church, Oxford.
Mortimer Wheeler enrols Rachel Clay.
Mortimer Wheeler enrols Barbara Parker.
Mortimer Wheeler excavates Dorchester.
Mortimer Wheeler works Charles Drew.
Mortimer Wheeler is the joint auspices with of Dorset Field Club.
Mortimer Wheeler critiques W. F. Grimes.
Mortimer Wheeler critiques Niall Sharples.
Mortimer Wheeler visits Marseilles.
Mortimer Wheeler visits Port Said.
Mortimer Wheeler visits Sakkara.
Mortimer Wheeler visits Sinai.
Mortimer Wheeler visits Palestine.
Mortimer Wheeler visits Lebanon.
Mortimer Wheeler visits Syria.
Mortimer Wheeler visits Tel Megiddo.
Mortimer Wheeler marrys Mavis De Vere Cole.
Mortimer Wheeler meets Augustus John.
Mortimer Wheeler marrys Caxton Hall.
Mortimer Wheeler is the reception at of Shelley House.
Mortimer Wheeler establishs St. John'S Lodge.
London is the use as hospital of First World War.
London owns Crown.
Crown controls First Commissioner Of Works, William Ormsby-Gore.
First Commissioner Of Works, William Ormsby-Gore leases Institute.
St. John'S Lodge opens University Of London'S Vice-Chancellor Charles Reed Peers.
University Of London'S Vice-Chancellor Charles Reed Peers intends Institute.
University Of London'S Vice-Chancellor Charles Reed Peers hops Bloomsbury.
University Of London'S Vice-Chancellor Charles Reed Peers is the city 's academic hub of City'S Academic Hub.
University Of London'S Vice-Chancellor Charles Reed Peers compares Alexander Cambridge, 1St Earl Of Athlone.
Alexander Cambridge, 1St Earl Of Athlone compares Institute Of Historical Research.
Alexander Cambridge, 1St Earl Of Athlone compares Courtauld Institute Of Art.
London Museum preserves Belfast.
London Museum awards Bristol University.
Bristol University meets Winston Churchill.
Winston Churchill asks Writing His Multi-Volume A History Of The English-Speaking Peoples.
Winston Churchill is the war with of Nazi Germany.
London assigns Enfield.
Enfield converts Royal Artillery.
Royal Artillery appoints Society Of Antiquaries.
Society Of Antiquaries involves Clive Entwistle.
Clive Entwistle finds Divorce Proceedings Initiated By Wheeler.
London assigns North African Campaign.
Glasgow sets Rms Empress Of Russia.
Rms Empress Of Russia forces Cape Of Good Hope.
Cape Of Good Hope takes Durban.
Durban visits Local Kraals.
Durban docks Aden.
Aden reachs Suez.
Suez travels Jerusalem.
Jerusalem visits Petrie.
Jerusalem is the flew as a front gunner in on a bombing raid against axis forces of Wellington Bomber.
Wellington Bomber serves Eighth Army.
Eighth Army is the present in during the axis armies push the allies back to of El Alamein.
El Alamein participates Allied Counter-Push.
El Alamein is the advance on axis-held of Tripoli.
Tripoli secures Libya.
Libya visits Tripoli.
Tripoli constructs Roman Settlement.
Tripoli occupys British.
Tripoli changes Royal Air Force.
London plans Sicily.
Sicily introduces Historic And Archaeological Monuments.
Sicily promotes Brigadier.
Sicily is the present when of German Surrender In North Africa.
Sicily is the sent to as part of staff committee planning the invasion of italy of Algiers.
Algiers requests India Office.
India Office requests Director General Of Archaeology In India.
Director General Of Archaeology In India takes Italy.
Italy orders British 10Th Corps.
Italy is the advanced north through of Allies.
Italy is the spent time in of Naples.
Naples visits Capri.
Italy is the left and resigned as director of the london museum of London.
London focuss Institute Of Archaeology.
London resigns Society Of Antiquaries.
London develops Kim Collingridge.
Kim Collingridge converts Roman Catholic.
London sets Bombay.
Rockefeller Foundation is the funding of Academy.
Academy is the publication of Oxford University Press.
Academy is the funding of British Treasury.
Academy is the establishment of British Institute Of History And Archaeology.
British Institute Of History And Archaeology is the establishment location of Dar Es Salaam.
British Institute Of History And Archaeology is the relocation of Nairobi.
Academy is the establishment of British Institute Of Persian Studies.
British Institute Of Persian Studies is the support of British Embassy In Tehran.
British Institute Of Persian Studies is the establishment location of University Of Tehran.
Academy is the establishment of British Institute In Japan.
Academy is the visit of British School In Jerusalem.
British School In Jerusalem is the visit event of Six-Day War.
Academy is the visit of Rome.
Academy is the appointment of Unesco.
Unesco is the project location of Nile Valley.
Unesco is the construction project of Aswan Dam.
Unesco is the funding of Abu Simbel Temples.
Unesco is the visit of Pakistan.
Pakistan is the assessment of Mohenjo-Daro.
Academy is the involvement of Antiquity Journal.
Academy is the involvement of Royal Archaeological Institute.
University Of Southampton is the organizer of Barry Cunliffe.
Barry Cunliffe is the conference topic of Iron Age.
Academy is the appearance of Bbc.
Bbc is the appearance of Chronicle.
Bbc is the friendship of David Collison.
Academy is the assistance of Molly Myres.
Leatherhead is the residence of Surrey.
Leatherhead is the authorship of My Archaeological Mission To India And Pakistan.
My Archaeological Mission To India And Pakistan is the publication of Thames And Hudson.
Daily Mail is the quote source of Gabriel Moshenska.
Daily Mail is the comparison of Mick Aston.
Council For British Archaeology is the comparison of Mick Aston.
Ronald William Clark is the biography of Sir Mortimer Wheeler.
Fitzroy Somerset is the review of Ronald William Clark.
Jacquetta Hawkes is the biography of Mortimer Wheeler.
Hey Ram haves Saket Ram.
Hey Ram haves Amjad Khan.
Saket Ram plays Kamal Haasan.
Amjad Khan plays Shah Rukh Khan.
Saket Ram is the employee before 1947 riots of Wheeler.
Wheeler portrays Lewis K. Elbinger.
South Asian Studies publishs Sudeshna Gusha.
Sudeshna Gusha examines Wheeler.
Wheeler is the excavations in of Indian Subcontinent.
Wheeler is the publications in of Indian Subcontinent.
Public Archaeology publishs Moshenska.
Public Archaeology publishs Schadla-Hall.
Moshenska is the analyzed role in archaeology presentation of Wheeler.
British presents Wheeler.
Papers From The Institute Of Archaeology publishs Moshenska.
Papers From The Institute Of Archaeology publishs Alex Salamunovich.
Moshenska studys Wheeler.
Wheeler studys Libya.
Wheeler studys World War Ii.