Ace Attorney develops Capcom.
Ace Attorney is the features character of Phoenix Wright.
Ace Attorney is the features character of Mia Fey.
Ace Attorney is the features character of Apollo Justice.
Ace Attorney is the features character of Athena Cykes.
Ace Attorney is the features character of Miles Edgeworth.
Ace Attorney is the features character of Ryūnosuke Naruhodō.
Ace Attorney creates Shu Takumi.
Ace Attorney takes Takeshi Yamazaki.
Ace Attorney sets Japan.
Ace Attorney is the localization set in of United States.
Ace Attorney Series is the director of Takeshi Yamazaki.
Ace Attorney Series is the producer of Motohide Eshiro.
Ace Attorney Series is the writer of Takumi.
Ace Attorney Series is the crossover of Professor Layton Vs. Phoenix Wright.
Ace Attorney Series is the new entry of Dai Gyakuten Saiban.
Takeshi Yamazaki is the collaborator of Capcom Staff.
Takeshi Yamazaki is the collaborator of Takuro Fuse.
Bowne Global is the localization team of Alexander O. Smith.
Bowne Global is the localization team of Steve Anderson.
Ace Attorney Series is the localization director of Janet Hsu.
Los Angeles sets Ace Attorney Series.
Fey Clan is the japanese heritage of Ace Attorney Series.
Phoenix is the name relation of Wright.
Phoenix is the name relation of Naruhodō.
Geoff Thew is the reviewer of Hardcore Gamer.
Bob Mackey is the reviewer of Usgamer.
Thomas Whitehead is the reviewer of Nintendo Life.
Takarazuka Revue is the writer of Eisaku Saito.
Takashi Miike is the film director of Ace Attorney Series.
Ayumu Watanabe is the anime director of Ace Attorney Series.
Kodansha is the publisher of Ace Attorney Series.
Snk Vs. Capcom: Card Fighters Ds is the crossover of Ace Attorney Characters.
She-Hulk is the cameo appearance of Marvel Vs. Capcom 3: Fate Of Two Worlds.
Phoenix is the playable character of Marvel Vs. Capcom 3: Fate Of Two Worlds.
Phoenix is the playable character of Ultimate Marvel Vs. Capcom 3.
Phoenix is the playable character of Project X Zone 2.
Maya is the playable character of Project X Zone 2.
Ace Attorney Series features Taiko Drum Master: Doko Don! Mystery Adventure.