Gabriel García Márquez is the friend of Simón Bolívar.
Gabriel García Márquez is the friend of Álvaro Mutis.
Gabriel García Márquez is the collaborator of Daniel Florencio O 'Leary.
Gabriel García Márquez is the collaborator of Gladstone Oliva.
Gabriel García Márquez is the collaborator of Eugenio Gutiérrez Celys.
Gabriel García Márquez is the collaborator of Fabio Puyo.
Gabriel García Márquez is the collaborator of Jorge Perezdoval.
Gabriel García Márquez is the collaborator of Antonio Bolívar Goyanes.
Simón Bolívar is the lover of Manuela Sáenz.
Manuela Sáenz loves Simón Bolívar.
Manuela Sáenz is the married of Dr. James Thorne.
Manuela Sáenz is the left of Dr. James Thorne.
Manuela Sáenz is the love declaration of Dr. James Thorne.
Manuela Sáenz is the astute of Dr. James Thorne.
Manuela Sáenz is the indomitable of Dr. James Thorne.
Francisco De Paula Santander is the friend of Simón Bolívar.
Francisco De Paula Santander appoints Simón Bolívar.
Francisco De Paula Santander is the enemy of Simón Bolívar.
Francisco De Paula Santander banishs Paris.
Antonio José De Sucre is the friend of Simón Bolívar.
Antonio José De Sucre is the married of Mariana Carcelén.
Antonio José De Sucre haves Mariana Carcelén.
Antonio José De Sucre is the family of Mariana Carcelén.
Antonio José De Sucre is the celebrate feast of Quito.
Antonio José De Sucre assassinates Quito.
Antonio José De Sucre is the death foreshadowed of Quito.
Novel is the describes of History.
Novel is the recreates of Bolívar.
Novel is the mentions of Isabel Alvarez Borland.
Novel is the challenges of García Márquez.
García Márquez is the challenges of Official History.
García Márquez is the asserts of Truth.
García Márquez is the poses as of Historian.
García Márquez is the challenges of Written History.
García Márquez is the challenges of Historian.
García Márquez comments Ben Hughes.
García Márquez is the ignores of British Soldiers.
García Márquez is the uses as character of José Palacios.
García Márquez is the cleanses memory of South American Literature.
García Márquez is the compares with other novels of Comparisons.
García Márquez is the told interview to of María Elvira Samper.
García Márquez suggests Palencia @-@ Roth.
García Márquez is the compares with of Patriarch.
García Márquez is the compares with of Colonel Aureliano Buendía.
García Márquez is the compares with of One Hundred Years Of Solitude.
García Márquez is the compares with of Santiago Nasar.
García Márquez is the compares with of Chronicle Of A Death Foretold.
García Márquez characterizes Edward Hood.
García Márquez is the uses in fiction of Repetition.
García Márquez is the uses in fiction of Intertextuality.
Novel is the belongs to of Genre.
García Márquez reviews Selden Rodman.
García Márquez reviews Robert Adams.
García Márquez categorizes Donald L. Shaw.
García Márquez comments David Bushnell.
García Márquez attributes Ilan Stavans.
García Márquez notes Isabel Alvarez Borland.
García Márquez receives Latin America.
García Márquez provokes Venezuelan Politicians.
García Márquez provokes Colombian Politicians.
García Márquez provokes Mexico'S Ambassador To Austria.
García Márquez worrys Arturo Uslar Pietri.
García Márquez is the considers beneficial of Nelson Bocaranda.
García Márquez is the agrees with of Carlos Fuentes.
García Márquez comments Barbara Mujica.
García Márquez translates Edith Grossman.
Novel publishs Publication History.