Mozambican War Of Independence involves Mozambique Liberation Front.
Mozambican War Of Independence involves Portugal.
Mozambican War Of Independence involves Frelimo.
Mozambican War Of Independence starts September 25, 1964.
Mozambican War Of Independence ceases September 8, 1974.
Mozambican War Of Independence results 1975.
Portugal involves Angola.
Portugal loses East African Region.
Portugal establishs Lourenço Marques.
Portugal threatens Nato.
Portugal is the military dictatorship sponsored by us was overthrown in portugal of Us.
Portugal backs Carnation Revolution.
Portugal establishs Second Republic.
Portugal becomes Estado Novo.
Portugal comes British.
Portugal alarms British Interest In Mozambique.
Portugal exercises Portuguese Colonial Rule.
Portugal controls Mozambique Company.
Portugal controls Zambezi Company.
Portugal controls Niassa Company.
Portugal defeats Gaza Empire.
Portugal is the first known inhabitants of the region of Khoisani Peoples.
Portugal migrates Bantu-Speaking Peoples.
Portugal is the across which bantu-speaking peoples migrated to the region of Zambezi River.
Portugal returns David Livingstone.
Portugal views Nikita Khrushchev.
Portugal leads Eduardo Mondlane.
Portugal acknowledges Samora Machel.
Portugal adopts Marxism-Leninism.
Portugal trains Commando Instruction Centres.
Portugal commands Filipe Samuel Magaia.
Portugal provides Algeria.
Portugal uses Mosin-Nagant.
Portugal uses Sks.
Portugal uses Ak-47.
Portugal uses Ppsh-41.
Portugal uses Degtyarev Light Machine Gun.
Portugal uses Dshk.
Portugal uses Sg-43 Gorunov.
Portugal uses Rpg-2.
Portugal uses Rpg-7.
Portugal uses Zpu-4.
Portugal uses Strela 2.
Portugal provides Sa-7 Manpad.
Portugal loses Lt. Emilio Lourenço.
Portugal commands General António Augusto Dos Santos.
Rhodesia is the collaboration of African Scout Units.
Rhodesia is the collaboration of Rhodesian Forces.
Portuguese Soldiers is the equipment used of World War Ii Radios.
Portuguese Soldiers is the equipment used of Mauser Rifle.
Portuguese Soldiers is the equipment adopted of Heckler & Koch G3 Rifle.
Portuguese Soldiers is the equipment adopted of Fn Fal Rifle.
Portuguese Soldiers is the equipment adopted of Ar-10.
Portuguese Soldiers is the equipment adopted of Mg42.
Portuguese Soldiers is the equipment adopted of Hk21.
Portuguese Soldiers is the equipment adopted of 60 Mm Mortar.
Portuguese Soldiers is the equipment adopted of 81 Mm Mortar.
Portuguese Soldiers is the equipment adopted of 120 Mm Mortar.
Portuguese Soldiers is the equipment adopted of Howitzers.
Portuguese Soldiers is the equipment adopted of Aml-60.
Portuguese Soldiers is the equipment adopted of Panhard Ebr.
Portuguese Soldiers is the equipment adopted of Fox Armoured Car.
Portuguese Soldiers is the equipment adopted of Chaimite Armoured Car.
Portuguese Soldiers is the equipment adopted of Alouette Iii.
Portuguese Soldiers is the equipment adopted of Puma.
Portuguese Soldiers is the equipment adopted of T6 Aircraft.
Portuguese Soldiers is the equipment adopted of Fiat G.91 Aircraft.
Portuguese Soldiers is the equipment adopted of Dornier Do 27 Aircraft.
Portuguese Soldiers is the equipment adopted of Nord Noratlas.
Portuguese Soldiers is the equipment adopted of C-47.
Portuguese Soldiers is the equipment adopted of Patrol Boats.
Portuguese Soldiers is the equipment adopted of Landing Crafts.
Portuguese Soldiers is the equipment adopted of Inflatable Zodiacs.
Eduardo Mondlane is the leadership of Frelimo.
Eduardo Mondlane is the base of operations of Chai Chai.
Frelimo is the affiliation of Frelimo Soldiers.
Frelimo seeks United Nations.
Frelimo seeks Soviet Union.
Frelimo seeks China.
Frelimo is the equipment used of Pmn.
Frelimo is the equipment used of Tm-46.
Frelimo is the equipment used of Pomz.
Frelimo is the equipment used of Pdm.
Filipe Samuel Magaia is the conflict of Lourenço Matola.
Frelimo is the leadership of Filipe Samuel Magaia.
Frelimo is the conflict of Lourenço Matola.
Frelimo is the leadership of General António Augusto Dos Santos.
Frelimo is the leadership of General Kaúlza De Arriaga.
Frelimo is the leadership of General Francisco Da Costa Gomes.
Frelimo is the leadership of Samora Machel.
Frelimo is the leadership of Marcelino Dos Santos.
Frelimo is the leadership of Rev. Uria Simango.
Frelimo is the deployment of Flechas Units.
Frelimo is the deployment of Special Groups.
Frelimo is the deployment of Paratrooper Special Groups.
Frelimo is the deployment of Combat Tracking Special Groups.
Frelimo is the deployment of Grupos Especiais.
Frelimo is the deployment of Grupos Especiais Pára-Quedistas.
Frelimo is the deployment of Grupos Especiais De Pisteiros De Combate.
Frelimo is the deployment of Flechas.
Frelimo is the equipment used of Pmn.
Frelimo is the equipment used of Tm-46.
Frelimo is the equipment used of Pomz.
Frelimo is the equipment used of Pdm.
American Tactics is the utilized of Helibourne Assaults.
Portuguese Air Force bombards Frelimo Camps.
Portuguese Air Force is the cooperation of Fap.
Portuguese Soldiers lacks Fap.
Gen. Arriaga claims Guerrillas.
Portuguese Casualties outweighs Frelimo Casualties.
Portuguese Government is the intervention of Portuguese Casualties.
Portuguese Military mounts Portuguese Casualties.
Commandos kills Village Of Wiriyamu.
Red Cross provides Village Of Wiriyamu.
Portuguese Newspaper Expresso publishs Village Of Wiriyamu.
Father Adrian Hastings recounts Village Of Wiriyamu.
Archbishop Of Dar Es Salaam Laurean Rugambwa makes Village Of Wiriyamu.
Portuguese Journalist Felícia Cabrita reconstructs Village Of Wiriyamu.
Mondlane changes Portuguese Settlers.
T. H. Henricksen states Portuguese Settlers.
Lisbon Government is the unpopularity of Portuguese Settlers.
Portuguese Communist Party resists Portuguese Government.
Revolutionary Brigades resists Portuguese Government.
Niassa attacks Tancos Air Base.
Niassa attacks Nato Headquarters.
General António De Spínola negotiates Portuguese Administration.
Frelimo hands Portuguese Administration.