Wilhelm Busch haves Heinrich Christian Wilhelm Busch.
Wilhelm Busch haves Johann Georg Kleine.
Wilhelm Busch haves Amalie Kleine.
Wilhelm Busch haves Henriette Kleine.
Wilhelm Busch haves Friedrich Wilhelm Stümpe.
Wilhelm Busch haves Friedrich Wilhelm Busch.
Wilhelm Busch haves Fanny.
Wilhelm Busch haves Gustav.
Wilhelm Busch haves Adolf.
Wilhelm Busch haves Otto.
Wilhelm Busch haves Anna.
Wilhelm Busch haves Hermann.
Wilhelm Busch is the friend of Erich Bachmann.
Wilhelm Busch haves Georg Kleine.
Wilhelm Busch haves Fanny Petri.
Wilhelm Busch studys Josephus Laurentius Dyckmans.
Wilhelm Busch is the saw paintings by of Peter Paul Rubens.
Wilhelm Busch is the saw paintings by of Adriaen Brouwer.
Wilhelm Busch is the saw paintings by of David Teniers.
Wilhelm Busch is the saw paintings by of Frans Hals.
Wilhelm Busch collaborates Kaspar Braun.
Wilhelm Busch courts Anna Richter.
Wilhelm Busch is the new publisher of Heinrich Richter.
Wilhelm Busch is the friend of Anton Burger.
Wilhelm Busch discovers Arthur Schopenhauer.
Wilhelm Busch is the met brother of Otto Kessler.
Wilhelm Busch is the friend of Johanna Kessler.
Wilhelm Busch inspires Max.
Wilhelm Busch inspires Moritz.
Wilhelm Busch is the biographer of Berndt W. Wessling.
Wilhelm Busch is the biographer of Eva Weissweiler.
Wilhelm Busch is the biographer of Joseph Kraus.
Wilhelm Busch collaborates Georg Kremplsetzer.
Wilhelm Busch is the nephew of Hermann Nöldeke.
Wilhelm Busch is the biographer of Diers.
Wilhelm Busch is the character in of Painter Squirtle.
Wilhelm Busch influences Heinrich Hoffmann.
Wilhelm Busch corresponds Heinrich Richter.
Peter is the slave of of Lucinde.
Peter is the possibly referenced to of Johanna Kessler.
Peter is the similar style to of Ludwig Tieck.
Kaspar Braun commissions Thomas Bewick.
Wilhelm Busch illustrates Max And Moritz.
Wilhelm Busch starts Mr. And Mrs. Knopp.
Wilhelm Busch influences Erich Kästner.
Wilhelm Busch influences Kurt Tucholsky.
Wilhelm Busch influences Joachim Ringelnatz.
Wilhelm Busch influences Christian Morgenstern.
Widow Bolte defends Robert Gernhardt.
Widow Bolte shares Joseph Kraus.
Widow Bolte is the friend of of Hermann Levi.
Wilhelm Busch compares Leonardo Da Vinci.
Wilhelm Busch compares Peter Paul Rubens.
Wilhelm Busch compares Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz.
Johannes Proelß critiques Wilhelm Busch.
Wilhelm Busch describes Andreas C. Knigge.
Wilhelm Busch describes Gert Ueding.
Pianist is the depicts of Score Sheets.
Grand Piano floats Musical Notes.
Graphic Artists fascinates Der Virtuos.
August Macke describes Busch.
Busch inspires Bilder Zur Jobsiade.
Job is the fails to answer of Clergy.
Clergy shakes Movement Study.
Movement Study is the presages of Eadweard Muybridge.
Eadweard Muybridge begins 1872.
1872 is the not released until of 1893.
Busch is the greatest success with of Max And Moritz.
Busch translates Max And Moritz.
Styrian School Board prohibits Max And Moritz.
Max And Moritz produces 281 Dialect And Language Translations.
Comic Strips is the heavily influenced by of Busch.
Comic Strips is the heavily influenced by of Max And Moritz.
Tootle And Bootle describes Max And Moritz.
Max And Moritz influences The Katzenjammer Kids.
William Randolph Hearst suggests The Katzenjammer Kids.
The Katzenjammer Kids publishs 1897.
German is the inspired stories in of Moritzian.
Lies Und Lene includes Max Und Moritz.
Die Schwestern Von Max Und Moritz includes Max Und Moritz.
Hulda Levetzow is the author of of Die Schwestern Von Max Und Moritz.
F. Maddalena is the author of of Die Schwestern Von Max Und Moritz.
Schlumperfritz Und Schlamperfranz includes Max Und Moritz.
Sigismund Und Waldemar includes Max Und Moritz.
Walther Günther is the author of of Sigismund Und Waldemar.
Mac Und Mufti includes Max Und Moritz.
Thomas Ahlers is the author of of Mac Und Mufti.
Volker Dehs is the author of of Mac Und Mufti.
First World War shapes Max Und Moritz.
Second World War shapes Max Und Moritz.
Max And Moritz is the original is of Moral Story.
Christian Democratic Union uses Max And Moritz.
North Rhine @-@ Westphalia is the campaign in of Max And Moritz.
East German uses The Katzenjammer Kids.
Eulenspiegel uses The Katzenjammer Kids.
Max And Moritz participates Student Activism.