Star is the nearest of Sun.
Star is the composition of Plasma.
Star is the energy source of Thermonuclear Fusion.
Star is the fuel of Hydrogen.
Star is the product of fusion of Helium.
Star is the element creation process of Stellar Nucleosynthesis.
Star is the element creation process of Supernova Nucleosynthesis.
Star is the end of life state of Degenerate Matter.
Star is the determinant of evolution of Mass.
Star is the observable property of Age.
Star is the observable property of Metallicity.
Star is the observable property of Chemical Composition.
Star is the observable property of Diameter.
Star is the observable property of Temperature.
Star is the observation tool of Hertzsprung-Russell Diagram.
Star is the formation stage of Gaseous Nebula.
Star is the evolutionary stage of Red Giant.
Star is the end of life state of White Dwarf.
Star is the end of life state of Neutron Star.
Star is the end of life state of Black Hole.
Star is the system type of Binary Star Systems.
Star is the system type of Star Cluster.
Star is the system type of Galaxy.
Star is the historical importance of Observation History.
Star is the historical association of Constellations.
Star is the historical use of Celestial Navigation.
Star is the historical documentation of Stellar Catalogues.
Star is the historical contribution of Babylonian Astronomers.
Star is the historical contribution of Greek Astronomy.
Star is the historical contribution of Hipparchus.
Star is the historical event of Nova.
Star is the historical event of Supernova.
Star is the result of supernova of Crab Nebula.
Star is the historical contribution of Islamic Astronomers.
Star is the historical observation of Milky Way Galaxy.
Star is the historical contribution of Tycho Brahe.
Star is the historical observation of Novae.
Star is the historical contribution of Giordano Bruno.
Star is the historical contribution of Isaac Newton.
Star is the scientific development of Stellar Spectroscopy.
Star is the scientific development of Joseph Von Fraunhofer.
Star is the scientific development of Annie J. Cannon.
Star is the scientific development of Friedrich Bessel.
Star is the scientific observation of Double Stars.
Star is the scientific observation of Spectroscopic Binary.
Star is the scientific observation of Binary Star Systems.
Star is the scientific observation of William Struve.
Star is the scientific observation of S. W. Burnham.
Star is the scientific solution of Felix Savary.
Star is the scientific observation of Karl Schwarzschild.
Star is the scientific observation of Albert A. Michelson.
Star is the scientific development of Stellar Classification.
Star is the scientific development of Annie J. Cannon.
Star is the scientific development of Friedrich Bessel.
Star is the scientific method of Parallax Technique.
Star is the scientific observation of Double Stars.
Star is the scientific observation of Edward Pickering.
Star is the scientific observation of Binary Star Systems.
Star is the scientific observation of William Struve.
Star is the scientific observation of S. W. Burnham.
Star is the scientific solution of Felix Savary.
Star is the scientific measurement of Stellar Diameter.
Star is the scientific tool of Hertzsprung-Russell Diagram.
Star is the scientific contribution of Cecilia Payne-Gaposchkin.
Star is the scientific development of Quantum Physics.
Star is the observation area of Local Group.
Star is the observation area of Milky Way.
Star is the observation area of M100 Galaxy.
Star is the observation area of Virgo Cluster.
Star is the observation area of Local Supercluster.
Star is the observation area of Cepheids.
Star names International Astronomical Union.
International Star Registry accuses New York City Department Of Consumer Affairs.
Orion Nebula forms Massive Stars.
Sun compares Red Dwarfs.
Sun is the transition to of White Dwarf.
Wolf-Rayet Stars is the transition to of Planetary Nebula.
Planetary Nebula is the transition to of White Dwarf.
Crab Nebula is the transition to of Neutron Star.
Neutron Star is the state of Neutron-Degenerate Matter.
Neutron Star is the state of Qcd Matter.
Neutron Star is the state of Black Hole.
Dying Stars is the include of Heavy Elements.
Heavy Elements is the allow formation of Rocky Planets.
Supernovae is the shape of Interstellar Medium.
Stellar Wind is the shape of Interstellar Medium.
Binary Stars is the evolution of Red Giant.
Red Giant is the overflow of Roche Lobe.
Roche Lobe is the lead to of Material Transfer.
Material Transfer is the result in of Contact Binaries.
Material Transfer is the result in of Common-Envelope Binaries.
Material Transfer is the result in of Cataclysmic Variables.
Material Transfer is the result in of Type Ia Supernovae.
Multi-Star System is the consist of of Binary Star.
Multi-Star System is the consist of of Star Clusters.
Star Clusters is the range from of Stellar Associations.
Star Clusters is the exist in of Galaxies.
Galaxies is the contain of Interstellar Medium.
O And B Class Stars is the belong to of Multi-Star System.
Proxima Centauri is the occur in of Galactic Discs.
Proxima Centauri is the occur in of Galactic Halos.
Collisions Between Stars is the produce of Blue Stragglers.
Luminosity is the determine by of Star.
Size is the determine by of Star.
Evolution is the affect of Star.
Lifespan is the determine by of Star.
Fate is the determine by of Star.
Star Age is the determine by of Star.
Hd 140283 is the determine by of Star Age.
Chemical Composition is the determine by of Star.
Iron Content is the measure in of Stellar Atmosphere.
Iron is the indicator of of Planetary System.
He1327-2326 is the lowest measured of Iron Content.
Super-Metal-Rich Star is the high abundance of Iron.
Planet-Bearing Star is the high abundance of Iron.
Chemically Peculiar Stars is the show unusual abundances of Chromium.
Chemically Peculiar Stars is the show unusual abundances of Rare Earth Elements.
Outer Atmospheres is the form various of Diatomic And Polyatomic Molecules.
Stellar Separations thinks Collisions Between Stars.
Neutron Stars is the range in size from of Supergiants.
Betelgeuse is the compare to of Sun.
Kinematics provides Star.
Radial Velocity is the measure of of Star.
Proper Motion is the measure of of Star.
Parallax is the measure of of Star.
Space Velocity is the calculate from of Star.
Stellar Associations is the trace origin to of Stellar Associations.
Magnetic Field generates Star.
Dynamo is the function like of Magnetic Field.
Starspots is the produce of Magnetic Field.
Coronal Loops is the produce of Magnetic Field.
Stellar Flares is the produce of Magnetic Field.
Rotation Rate is the determine by of Star.
Spectroscopic Measurement is the determine of Rotation Rate.
Starspots is the track of Rotation Rate.
Achernar is the example of of Rotation Rate.
Sun is the example of of Rotation Rate.
Pulsar is the rapid of Rotation Rate.
Pulsar is the emission of Radiation.
Pulsar is the rotation of Temperature.
Main Sequence Star determines Temperature.
Main Sequence Star determines Radius.
Main Sequence Star estimates Effective Temperature.
Main Sequence Star is the radiates energy as of Black Body.
Main Sequence Star is the temperature increases towards of Core Region.
Main Sequence Star is the determines rate of of Ionization.
Main Sequence Star is the results in of Absorption Lines.
Main Sequence Star uses Visual Absolute Magnitude.
Vega haves Starspots.
Magnitude expresss Apparent Magnitude.
Magnitude relates Absolute Magnitude.
Sirius is the brighter than of Canopus.
Sirius is the more luminous than of Sun.
Canopus is the more luminous than of Sun.
Lbv 1806-20 is the more luminous than of Sun.
Ngc 6397 Cluster locates Faintest Stars.
Variable Stars is the include of Pulsating Variables.
Variable Stars is the include of Eruptive Variables.
Variable Stars is the include of Cataclysmic Variables.
Variable Stars is the produce of Binary Star System.
Variable Stars is the example of of Algol.
Structure is the in state of of Hydrostatic Equilibrium.
Hydrostatic Equilibrium is the counterbalance by of Gravitational Force.
Hydrostatic Equilibrium is the counterbalance by of Pressure Gradient.
Hydrostatic Equilibrium establishs Temperature Gradient.
Main Sequence Star is the occurs at core of Nuclear Fusion.
Nuclear Fusion is the emits energy as of Gamma Rays.
Gamma Rays is the interacts with of Thermal Energy.
Main Sequence Star creates Helium.
Structure is the maintains of Energy Balance.
Energy Balance is the of of Thermal Equilibrium.
Structure is the dependent on of Radiation Zone.
Radiation Zone is the inefficient in of Convective Heat Transfer.
Radiation Zone is the forms if inefficient of Convection Zone.