Hu Zhengyan haves Chinese.
Hu Zhengyan haves Artist.
Hu Zhengyan haves Printmaker.
Hu Zhengyan haves Publisher.
Hu Zhengyan haves Calligraphy.
Hu Zhengyan haves Chinese Painting.
Hu Zhengyan haves Seal-Carving.
Hu Zhengyan lives Nanjing.
Hu Zhengyan lives Ming Dynasty.
Hu Zhengyan lives Qing Dynasty.
Hu Zhengyan designs Hongguang Emperor.
Hu Zhengyan owns Ten Bamboo Studio.
Hu Zhengyan bears Xiuning County.
Hu Zhengyan bears Anhui Province.
Hu Zhengyan is the family member of Physician.
Hu Zhengyan is the family member of Wusuo.
Hu Zhengyan is the family member of Zhengxin.
Hu Zhengyan visits Lu'An.
Hu Zhengyan visits Huoshan.
Hu Zhengyan lives Jilongshan.
Hu Zhengyan lives Beiji Ge.
Hu Zhengyan names Shizhuzhai.
Hu Zhengyan employs Zizhu.
Hu Zhengyan employs Qipu.
Hu Zhengyan employs Qiyi.
Hu Zhengyan affiliates Ming Loyalist.
Hu Zhengyan offers Drafter For The Secretariat.
Hu Zhengyan mentions Wen Ruilin.
Hu Zhengyan mentions Nanjiang Yishi.
Hu Zhengyan studys National University.
Hu Zhengyan employs Ministry Of Rites.
Hu Zhengyan produces Qin Ban Xiaoxue.
Hu Zhengyan produces Biaozhong Ji.
Hu Zhengyan employs Ministry Of Personnel.
Hu Zhengyan gains Hanlin Academy.
Hu Zhengyan records Xiao Yuncong.
Hu Zhengyan records Lü Liuliang.
Hu Zhengyan knows Seal-Carver.
Hu Zhengyan is the style rooted in of Han Dynasty.
Hu Zhengyan is the style rooted in of Huizhou School.
Hu Zhengyan is the followed style of of He Zhen.
Hu Zhengyan is the style rooted in of Huizhou Seals.
Hu Zhengyan mentions Zhou Lianggong.
Hu Zhengyan mentions Yinren Zhuan.
Hu Zhengyan produces Imperial Ming Record Of Loyalty.
Hu Zhengyan produces Edicts Of The Imperial Ming.
Hu Zhengyan renames Hall Rooted In The Past.
Hu Zhengyan renames Digutang.
Hu Zhengyan experiments Colour Printing.
Hu Zhengyan experiments Woodblock Printing.
Hu Zhengyan develops Assorted Block Printing.
Hu Zhengyan develops Set-Block Printing.
Hu Zhengyan develops Embossed Designs.
Hu Zhengyan develops Embossed Blocks.
Hu Zhengyan uses Gonghua.
Hu Zhengyan uses Gongban.
Hu Zhengyan inspires Wu Faxiang.
Hu Zhengyan produces Ten Bamboo Studio Manual Of Painting And Calligraphy.
Hu Zhengyan produces Shizhuzhai Shuhuapu.
Hu Zhengyan mentions Cambridge University Library.
Hu Zhengyan mentions Charles Aylmer.
Hu Zhengyan influences Manual Of The Mustard Seed Garden.
Hu Zhengyan influences Ukiyo-E.
Hu Zhengyan produces Ten Bamboo Studio Letter Paper.
Hu Zhengyan produces Shizhuzhai Jianpu.
Hu Zhengyan reprints Zhou Boqi.
Hu Zhengyan reprints Liushu Zheng'E.
Hu Zhengyan produces Necessary Investigations Into Calligraphy.
Hu Zhengyan produces Shufa Bi Ji.
Hu Zhengyan produces The Standardised Text Of The Four Books.
Hu Zhengyan produces Sishu Dingben Bianzheng.
Hu Zhengyan produces Essentials Of The Thousand Character Classic In Six Scripts.
Hu Zhengyan produces Qianwen Liushu Tongyao.
Hu Zhengyan collaborates Li Deng.
Hu Zhengyan collaborates Ye Tingxiu.
Hu Zhengyan produces Discussion Of Poetry.
Subtle Workings Of Selected Tang Poems includes Leixuan Tang Shi Zhudao Weiji.
Subtle Workings Of Selected Tang Poems is the collophons by of Hu Zhengyan.
Hu Zhengyan writes Paitong Fuyu.
Hu Zhengyan is the preface by of Paitong Fuyu.
Ten Bamboo Studio Manual Of Painting And Calligraphy is the from of Ten Bamboo Studio Manual Of Painting And Calligraphy.