Australia is the conflict of Iraq.
Australia is the conflict of Afghanistan.
Australia is the influence of Anzac Spirit.
Australia is the participation of British Army.
Australia is the participation of First World War.
Australia is the participation of Second World War.
Australia is the participation of Korea.
Australia is the participation of Malaya.
Australia is the participation of Borneo.
Australia is the participation of Vietnam.
Australia is the participation of Cold War.
Australia is the participation of United Nations.
Australia is the participation of Sinai.
Australia is the participation of Persian Gulf.
Australia is the participation of Rwanda.
Australia is the participation of Somalia.
Australia is the participation of East Timor.
Australia is the participation of Solomon Islands.
Australia is the influence of Diggers.
Australia is the participation of New South Wales Corps.
Australia is the participation of 73Rd (Perthshire) Regiment Of Foot.
Australia is the participation of Royal Navy.
Australia is the participation of East Indies Station.
Australia is the participation of Royal Australian Navy.
Aboriginals is the conflict of Europeans.
Aboriginals is the conflict of Irish Convicts.
Aboriginals is the conflict of British Settlers.
Aboriginals is the conflict of Aborigines.
Aboriginals is the conflict of New Zealand Colonial Government.
Australian Actions is the notable action of Slingersfontein.
Australian Actions is the notable action of Pink Hill.
Australian Actions is the notable action of Rhenosterkop.
Australian Actions is the notable action of Haartebeestefontein.
Wilmansrust is the heavy casualties of Gun Hill.
Onverwacht is the losses of Gallipoli Campaign.
Boxer Rebellion is the dispatched forces of China Field Force.
Boxer Rebellion dispatchs Australian Squadron.
Hmcs Protector tasks Pei Tang.
Hmcs Protector involves Pao-Ting Fu.
Tientsin provides Gallipoli Campaign.
German New Guinea occupys Australian Naval And Military Expeditionary Force.
Gallipoli Campaign lands Anzac Cove.
Sinai And Palestine Campaign is the combat action of Senussi Uprising.
Sinai And Palestine Campaign is the combat action of Battle Of Romani.
Sinai And Palestine Campaign is the capture of Rafa.
Sinai And Palestine Campaign is the unsuccessful attempt of Gaza.
Sinai And Palestine Campaign is the successful capture of Beersheba.
Australian 4Th Light Horse Brigade is the overran of Turkish Trenches.
Australians captures Beersheeba.
Australians secures Wells.
Australians captures 700 Prisoners.
Afc is the deployed of German New Guinea.
Mesopotamian Half Flight assists Iraq.
Aif engages Western Front.
Aif participates France.
Aif participates Belgium.
Aif participates Egypt.
Aif participates Palestine.
Aif participates Mughar Ridge.
Aif participates Jerusalem.
Aif participates Megiddo.
Spring Offensive launchs Paris.
Aif is the fought of Dernacourt.
Aif is the fought of Morlancourt.
Aif is the fought of Villers-Bretonneux.
Aif is the fought of Hamel.
Hundred Days Offensive launchs Amiens.
Aif is the fought of Lihons.
Aif is the fought of Etinehem.
Aif is the fought of Proyart.
Aif is the fought of Chuignes.
Aif is the fought of Mont St Quentin.
Aif is the fought of Montbrehain.
Aif defends Tobruk.
Syria-Lebanon Campaign is the participant of Vichy French.
Australia is the participant of Pacific War.
Australia is the participant of 9Th Division.
9Th Division is the participant of First Battle Of El Alamein.
9Th Division is the participant of Second Battle Of El Alamein.
Australia is the participant of Tunisia Campaign.
Australia is the participant of Italian Campaign.
Raaf is the participant of Europe.
Raaf is the participant of Germany.
Raaf is the participant of Bomber Command.
Raaf is the participant of Western Europe.
Raaf is the participant of Battle Of The Atlantic.
Australia is the participant of Asia.
Australia is the participant of Pacific.
Australia is the participant of Malaya.
Australia is the participant of Japan.
Australia is the participant of Darwin.
Australia is the participant of New Guinea.
Australia is the participant of Solomon Islands.
Australia is the participant of Fiji.
Australia is the participant of Samoa.
Australia is the participant of New Caledonia.
Australia is the participant of United States.
Australia is the participant of General Douglas Macarthur.
Australia is the participant of New Guinea Campaign.
Australia is the participant of Battle Of The Coral Sea.
Australia is the participant of Kokoda Track Campaign.
Australia is the participant of Battle Of Milne Bay.
Australia is the participant of Battle Of Buna-Gona.
Australia is the participant of Salamaua-Lae Campaign.
Australia is the participant of Operation Cartwheel.
Australia is the participant of Huon Peninsula Campaign.
Australia is the participant of Finisterre Range Campaign.
Australia is the participant of Darwin Bombings.
Australia is the participant of Japanese Submarines.
Australia is the participant of North Western Area Campaign.
Australia is the participant of Cold War.
Australia is the participant of Berlin Airlift.
Australia is the participant of Korean War.
Australia is the participant of United Nations.
Australia is the participant of British Commonwealth Occupation Force.
Australia is the participant of Hiroshima Prefecture.
Australia is the participant of National Service Scheme.
Australia is the participant of Citizen Military Forces.
Australia is the participant of Royal Australian Navy.
Australia is the participant of Royal Australian Air Force.
Australia is the participant of Royal Australian Regiment.
Australia is the participant of 1St Brigade.
Australia is the participant of 1St , 2Nd And 3Rd Battalions Of The Royal Australian Regiment.
Australia is the participant of 1St Brigade.
Australia is the participant of British Commonwealth Forces Korea.
Australia is the participant of Hmas Shoalhaven.
Australia is the participant of Hmas Bataan.
Australia is the participant of Hmas Sydney.
Australia is the participant of General Douglas Macarthur.
British is the battle of Uijeongbu.
Australians is the battle of Uijeongbu.
British is the defensive position of Uijeongbu.
Australians is the defensive position of Uijeongbu.
Chinese Forces is the attack of Chuam-Ni.
Un is the offensive of Maehwa-San.
Australian Troops is the battle of Kapyong Valley.
Canadian Troops is the battle of Kapyong Valley.
Australian Troops is the counter-attack of Kapyong Valley.
Chinese Forces is the attack of Kapyong Valley.
Australian Troops is the recapture of Kapyong Valley.
Australian Troops is the casualties of Kapyong Valley.
Australian Troops is the participation of Commonwealth Division.
Australian Troops is the participation of Operation Commando.
Commonwealth Division is the counter-attack of Imjin River.
Commonwealth Division is the capture of Hill 355.
Commonwealth Division is the capture of Hill 317.
3 Rar is the battle of Samichon River.
1 Rar is the deployment of Imjin River.
2 Rar is the deployment of Imjin River.
2 Rar is the battle of Samichon River.
2 Rar is the casualties of Samichon River.
2 Rar concerts Samichon River.
Reconstruction Taskforce is the support of Special Operations Task Group.
Australian Personnel deploys Afghanistan.
Radar Crews deploys Afghanistan.
Logistics And Intelligence Officers deploys Afghanistan.
Security Personnel deploys Afghanistan.
Australian Personnel increases Afghanistan.
Australian Personnel involves Uruzgan Province.
Australian Personnel involves United States.
Australian Personnel involves Dutch.
Australian Personnel involves Iraq.
Motorised Infantry involves Uruzgan Province.
Special Forces involves Uruzgan Province.
Engineers involves Uruzgan Province.
Cavalry involves Uruzgan Province.
Artillery involves Uruzgan Province.
Aviation Elements involves Uruzgan Province.
Mentoring Task Force involves Uruzgan Province.
Forward Operation Base Ripley bases Tarin Kowt.
Rotary Wing Group bases Kandahar.
Ch-47D Chinooks bases Kandahar.
Force Logistics Asset bases Kandahar.
Raaf Air Surveillance Radar Unit bases Kandahar.
Middle East involves Iraq.
Middle East bases Al Minhad Air Base.
Ran'S Frigates deploys Arabian Sea.
Ran'S Frigates deploys Gulf Of Aden.
Ran'S Frigates involves Counter Piracy And Maritime Interdiction Duties.
Combat Troops is the withdrawn from of Afghanistan.
Trainers And Advisers stations Kandahar.
Trainers And Advisers stations Kabul.
Iraq joins Operation Falconer.
Sasr deploys Iraq.
4Th Battalion, Royal Australian Regiment (Commando) deploys Iraq.
Ch-47 Chinook Detachment deploys Iraq.
Hmas Kanimbla bases North Persian Gulf.
Hmas Darwin bases North Persian Gulf.
Hmas Anzac bases North Persian Gulf.
No. 75 Squadron deploys Iraq.
Ap-3C Orions deploys Iraq.
C-130 Hercules deploys Iraq.
Al Muthanna Task Group deploys Southern Iraq.
Al Muthanna Task Group is the part of of Operation Catalyst.
Japanese Engineer Contingent protects Al Muthanna Task Group.
New Iraqi Army Units supports Al Muthanna Task Group.
North Persian Gulf bases Hmas Kanimbla.
North Persian Gulf bases Hmas Darwin.
North Persian Gulf bases Hmas Anzac.
C-130 Hercules bases North Persian Gulf.
Ap-3C Orions bases North Persian Gulf.
Iraq redirects Operation Slipper.
Secdet provides Iraq.
Secdet provides Australian Embassy In Baghdad.
Secdet is the part of of Operation Kruger.
Private Military Company replaces Australian Embassy In Baghdad.
United Nations Assistance Mission For Iraq is the part of of Operation Riverbank.
Sasr Personnel deploys Iraq.
Raaf C-17 And C-130J Transport Aircraft uses Middle East.
Raaf C-17 And C-130J Transport Aircraft uses Iraq.
Air Task Group (Atg) deploys Al Minhad Air Base.
Special Operations Task Group (Sotg) deploys Al Minhad Air Base.
F/A-18F Super Hornet Strike Aircraft deploys Al Minhad Air Base.
Kc-30A Multi Role Tanker Transport deploys Al Minhad Air Base.
E-7A Wedgetail Airborne Early Warning & Control Aircraft deploys Al Minhad Air Base.
Task Group Taji deploys Iraq.
Task Group Taji trains Regular Iraqi Security Forces.
Peacekeeping Operations involves United Nations.
Peacekeeping Operations involves Multinational Force And Observers.
Peacekeeping Operations involves Sinai.
Peacekeeping Operations involves Cambodia.
Peacekeeping Operations involves Rwanda.
Peacekeeping Operations involves Somalia.
Peacekeeping Operations involves East Timor.
Peacekeeping Operations involves Solomon Islands.