Slammiversary (2008) produces Total Nonstop Action Wrestling.
Slammiversary (2008) holds June 8, 2008.
Slammiversary (2008) holds Desoto Civic Center.
Slammiversary (2008) holds Southaven, Mississippi.
Samoa Joe defends Tna World Heavyweight Championship.
Booker T competes Tna World Heavyweight Championship.
Christian Cage competes Tna World Heavyweight Championship.
Rhino competes Tna World Heavyweight Championship.
Robert Roode competes Tna World Heavyweight Championship.
Samoa Joe is the match against of Booker T.
Samoa Joe is the match against of Christian Cage.
Samoa Joe is the match against of Rhino.
Samoa Joe is the match against of Robert Roode.
A.J. Styles is the match against of Kurt Angle.
The Latin American Xchange is the match against of Team 3D.
The Latin American Xchange defends Tna World Tag Team Championship.
Gail Kim is the match against of The Beautiful People.
Gail Kim is the match against of Odb.
Gail Kim is the match against of Roxxi.
Jon Waldman rats Slammiversary (2008).
Jason Clevett rats Slammiversary (2007).
Nash attacks Booker T.
Nash involves Kevin Sinex.
Kevin Sinex involves Paul Martin.
Kevin Sinex dies Baptist Desoto Hospital.
Booker T starts Joe.
Joe is the rivalry with of Booker T.
Booker T interferes Kevin Nash.
Joe interferes Sting.
Sting interferes Joe.
Sting interferes Booker T.
Booker T counts Sharmell.
A.J. Styles feuds Christian Cage.
A.J. Styles feuds Rhino.
A.J. Styles feuds Kurt Angle.
Kurt Angle joins Team 3D.
Team 3D is the injured of Christian Cage.
Team 3D is the injured of Rhino.
Christian Cage is the injured of Rhino.
Christian Cage is the injured of Brother Ray.
Rhino is the challenged of Team 3D.
Rhino is the challenged of Team 3D.
Kaz captains Team Tna.
Kaz participates 2008 Tna World X Cup Tournament.
Kaz participates Victory Road.
Kaz competes Team Mexico.
Lax feuds James Storm.
Lax feuds Robert Roode.
Lax is the challenged of Beer Money Incorporated.
Lax assaults Héctor Guerrero.
Lax schedules Jim Cornette.
Lax is the defended title against of Roode.
Lax is the defended title against of Storm.