Imagism is the member of Ezra Pound.
Imagism is the member of René Taupin.
Imagism is the member of F. S. Flint.
Imagism is the member of T. E. Hulme.
Imagism is the member of Hilda Doolittle.
Imagism is the member of Richard Aldington.
Imagism is the member of Harriet Monroe.
Imagism is the member of Amy Lowell.
Imagism is the member of William Carlos Williams.
Imagism is the member of James Joyce.
Imagism is the member of Ford Madox Ford.
Imagism is the member of Allen Upward.
Imagism is the member of John Cournos.
Pre-Imagism is the member of Alfred Austin.
Pre-Imagism is the member of Stephen Phillips.
Pre-Imagism is the member of William Watson.
Pre-Imagism is the member of Lionel Johnson.
Pre-Imagism is the member of Thomas Hardy.
Pre-Imagism is the member of Christina Rossetti.
Pre-Imagism is the member of Ernest Dowson.
Pre-Imagism is the member of George Meredith.
Pre-Imagism is the member of Robert Service.
Pre-Imagism is the member of John Masefield.
Pre-Imagism is the member of William Butler Yeats.
Pre-Imagism is the member of Rudyard Kipling.
T. E. Hulme influences Imagism.
F. S. Flint influences Imagism.
Ezra Pound influences Imagism.
Hilda Doolittle influences Imagism.
Richard Aldington influences Imagism.
Harriet Monroe influences Imagism.
William Carlos Williams influences Imagism.
James Joyce influences Imagism.
Ford Madox Ford influences Imagism.
Allen Upward influences Imagism.
John Cournos influences Imagism.
Imagism features Some Imagist Poets.
Some Imagist Poets plans H.D..
Some Imagist Poets plans Aldington.
Some Imagist Poets features John Gould Fletcher.
Some Imagist Poets contributes D. H. Lawrence.
Some Imagist Poets associates Marianne Moore.
Imagism occurs World War I.
Walter Lowenfels suggests Aldington.
Aldington enlists Ford.
Aldington enlists H.D..
Imagism carrys T. S. Eliot.
Imagism finds Wallace Stevens.
Imagism haves William Carlos Williams.
Imagism is the influenced language poets of Louis Zukofsky.
Imagism is the key figure in british poetry revival of Basil Bunting.
Imagism is the theorist of black mountain group of Charles Olson.