Tower locates Embassy Compound.
Golf Course locates Embassy Compound.
Golf Course haves Black Oil-Coated Surface.
Helicopters arrives Embassy Compound.
Helicopters leaves Embassy Compound.
Helicopters arrives Guam.
Somalis attempts Embassy Compound.
Security Detail establishs Embassy Compound.
Air Force'S Ac-130 provides Embassy Compound.
Ambassador Bishop gives Security Detail.
Ambassador Bishop explains Security Detail.
Voice Of America is the broadcast announcements to of Embassy.
Bbc is the broadcast announcements to of Embassy.
Marines douses Embassy.
Marines takes Embassy.
Marines allows Embassy.
Marines allows Embassy.
Marines fills Embassy.
Refueling occurs Helicopters.
Evacuees loads Helicopters.
Evacuees provides Helicopters.
Evacuees attempts Helicopters.
Pets owns Evacuees.
Soldiers plans Embassy.
Soldiers assists Embassy.
Soldiers allows Embassy.
Soldiers allows Embassy.
Soldiers fills Embassy.
Embassy Compound includes Chancery.
Embassy Compound includes Joint Administrative Office (Jao) Building.
Embassy Compound includes Marine House.
Embassy Compound includes Helicopter Landing Zone (Hlz).
Sniper positions Embassy.
Spotter positions Embassy.
Office Of Military Cooperation requires Embassy.
Convoy leaves Embassy.
Convoy returns Embassy.
Foreign Diplomats contacts Embassy.
Major Siad agrees Embassy.
Soviet Union requests Embassy.
President Barre shows Embassy.
President Barre turns Embassy.
Soldiers plans Evacuation Control Center (Ecc).
Embassy Compound contains Evacuation Control Center (Ecc).
Embassy Compound sets Evacuation Control Center (Ecc).
Embassy Compound handles Evacuation Control Center (Ecc).
Evacuees groups Helicopters.
Evacuees limits Helicopters.
Evacuees attempts Helicopters.
Looters observes Embassy.
Rpgs uses Embassy.
Foreign Service Nationals (Fsns) is the could not be evacuated by ambassador bishop of Embassy.
Ambassador Bishop trys Foreign Service Nationals (Fsns).
Ambassador Bishop leaves Foreign Service Nationals (Fsns).
Ambassador Bishop permits Foreign Service Nationals (Fsns).
Ships orders Oman.
Ships offloads Oman.
Chaplain Of Guam asks Ships.
Senior Officers holds Ships.
Regular Season hosts Aces.
Finals Series hosts La Trobe University.
Regular Season is the away team of Victoria Aces.
Regular Season is the home team of Queensland Rams.
Regular Season is the location of Geelong Baseball Park.
Regular Season is the away team of South Australia.
Regular Season is the home team of Victoria Aces.
Regular Season is the location of Norwood Oval.
Regular Season eliminates Queensland Rams.
Regular Season eliminates Victoria Aces.
Regular Season qualifys South Australia.
Regular Season finishs South Australia.
Regular Season is the top spot clinched by of Aces.
Regular Season sweeps Perth Heat.
Regular Season is the swept rams of New South Wales Patriots.
Finals Series hosts South Australia.
Finals Series hosts New South Wales Patriots.
Finals Series is the location of Norwood Oval.
Finals Series hosts Victoria Aces.
Finals Series is the location of La Trobe University.
Finals Series is the away team of South Australia.
Finals Series is the away team of New South Wales Patriots.
Finals Series is the away team of Victoria Aces.
Finals Series progresss South Australia.
Finals Series defeats Aces.
Finals Series is the mvp of Matthew Blackmore.
Finals Series is the pitcher of the year of Matthew Blackmore.
Awards is the winner of pitcher of the year of Matthew Blackmore.
Awards is the winner of finals series mvp of Matthew Blackmore.
Awards is the winner of helms award of Wayne Lundgren.
Awards is the most valuable player of Wayne Lundgren.
Awards is the runner-up of Paul Mildren.
Awards is the runner-up of Michael Collins.