Manila is the capital city of Philippines.
Manila founds Miguel López De Legazpi.
Manila is the contains landmark of Intramuros.
Manila is the second most populous city after of Quezon City.
Manila lists Globalization And World Cities Research Network.
Manila is the center of spanish activity of Spanish Conquistadors.
Manila is the location of oldest churches of San Agustin Church.
Manila is the end point of trade route of Manila-Acapulco Galleon Trade Route.
Manila receives Pearl Of The Orient.
Manila occupys British Forces.
Manila invites Daniel Burnham.
Manila governs William Howard Taft.
Manila is the monument erected for of José Rizal.
Manila is the declared open city by of General Douglas Macarthur.
Manila moves Elpidio Quirino.
Manila is the seat of government moved to of Quezon City.
Manila creates Manuel L. Quezon.
Manila leads Arsenio Lacson.
Manila leads Antonio Villegas.
Manila leads Ramon Bagatsing.
People Power Revolution ousts Marcos.
Alfredo Lim succeeds Lito Atienza.
Lito Atienza defeats Ali Atienza.
Alfredo Lim defeats Ali Atienza.
Alfredo Lim sues Dennis Alcoreza.
Alfredo Lim files Isko Moreno.
Joseph Estrada defeats Alfredo Lim.
Joseph Estrada competes Amado Bagatsing.
Joseph Estrada competes Lim.
Local Entrepreneurs is the processes of Rope.
Local Entrepreneurs is the processes of Plywood.
Local Entrepreneurs is the processes of Refined Sugar.
Local Entrepreneurs is the processes of Copra.
Local Entrepreneurs is the processes of Coconut Oil.
Food Processing Industry is the contributes to of Local Entrepreneurs.
Pandacan Oil Depot is the houses storage facilities and distribution terminals of Caltex Philippines.
Pandacan Oil Depot is the houses storage facilities and distribution terminals of Pilipinas Shell.
Pandacan Oil Depot is the houses storage facilities and distribution terminals of Petron Corporation.
Supreme Court is the orders relocation of Pandacan Oil Depot.
Pandacan Oil Depot is the subject of concerns of Manila.
Manila is the environmental and health impact to residents of Pandacan Oil Depot.
Pandacan Oil Depot is the plans to turn into of Transport Hub.
Pandacan Oil Depot is the plans to turn into of Food Park.
Manila headquarters Manila Bulletin.
Manila headquarters The Manila Times.
Manila headquarters The Philippine Star.
Manila headquarters Manila Standard Today.
Manila headquarters Chinese Commercial News.
Manila headquarters Central Bank Of The Philippines.
Manila headquarters Landbank Of The Philippines.
Manila headquarters Philippine Trust Company.
Manila headquarters Philam Life Insurance Company.
Manila headquarters Unilever Philippines.
Manila headquarters Toyota.
Manila is the vital industry of Tourism.
Manila locates Robinsons Place Manila.
Manila locates Sm City Manila.
Manila locates Sm City San Lazaro.
Manila locates Sm Clearance Center.
Manila locates Divisoria.
Manila locates Binondo.
Manila is the predominantly practiced religion of Christianity.
Manila is the comprises majority of population of Roman Catholics.
Manila is the comprises percentage of population of Philippine Independent Church.
Manila is the comprises percentage of population of Iglesia Ni Cristo.
Manila is the comprises percentage of population of Protestant Churches.
Manila is the comprises percentage of population of Buddhists.
Manila is the comprises percentage of population of Islam.
Manila is the comprises percentage of population of Bahá'Í.
Manila is the place of worship of Hindu Temple.
Manila is the place of worship of Sikh Gurdwara.
Manila is the hosts annually of Feast Of The Black Nazarene.
Manila is the hosts annually of Feast Of The Nuestra Señora De Los Desamparados De Manila.
Manila is the hosts annually of National Heroes' Day.
Manila is the hosts annually of Bonifacio Day.
Manila is the hosts annually of Rizal Day.
Manila locates National Museum Of The Philippines Complex.
Manila locates Mabini Shrine.
Manila locates Museum Of Contemporary Art And Design.
Manila locates Ust Museum Of Arts And Sciences.
Manila locates Up Museum Of A History Of Ideas.
Manila locates Bahay Tsinoy.
Manila locates Intramuros Light And Sound Museum.
Manila locates Metropolitan Museum Of Manila.
Manila locates Museum Of Manila.
Manila locates Museo Pambata.
Manila locates Museum Of Philippine Political History.
Manila locates Parish Of The Our Lady Of The Abandoned.
Manila locates San Agustin Church Museum.
Manila locates Plaza San Luis.
Manila locates Rizal Memorial Sports Complex.
Manila locates San Andres Gym.
Manila locates Enrique M. Razon Sports Center.
Manila locates University Of Santo Tomas Sports Complex.
Rizal Memorial Coliseum transfers Filoil Flying V Arena.
Ninoy Aquino Stadium transfers Filoil Flying V Arena.
Ninoy Aquino Stadium transfers Araneta Coliseum.
Rizal Memorial Sports Complex is the still holds events of Rizal Memorial Sports Complex.
Professional Basketball is the plays games at of Philippine Basketball Association.
Philippine Basketball Association is the plays games at of Araneta Coliseum.
Philippine Basketball Association is the plays games at of Cuneta Astrodome.
Philippine Basketball League plays Rizal Memorial Sports Complex.
Manila Storm is the training at of Rizal Park.
Manila Storm plays Southern Plains Field.
Manila is the home of of Rizal Memorial Baseball Stadium.
Rizal Memorial Baseball Stadium is the hosts games of of Baseball Philippines.
Rizal Memorial Baseball Stadium is the first home run by of Lou Gehrig.
Rizal Memorial Baseball Stadium is the first home run by of Babe Ruth.
Robinsons Place Manila hosts 2010 World Cup Of Pool.
Rizal Memorial Track And Football Stadium hosts Fifa World Cup.
Rizal Memorial Track And Football Stadium is the regularly hosts matches of United Football League.
Rizal Memorial Track And Football Stadium hosts Asian Five Nations Division I.
University Belt locates San Miguel.
University Belt locates Quiapo.
University Belt locates Sampaloc.
University Belt includes España Boulevard.
University Belt includes Nicanor Reyes St..
University Belt includes Claro M. Recto Avenue.
University Belt includes Legarda Avenue.
University Belt includes Mendiola Street.
University Belt is the near of Pasig River.
Pasig River locates Intramuros.
Pasig River locates Ermita.
Pasig River locates Malate.
Malate includes De La Salle University.
Division Of The City Schools Of Manila is the branch of of Department Of Education.
Division Of The City Schools Of Manila is the governs of Manila Science High School.
National Museum is the houses of Juan Luna.
Metropolitan Museum Of Manila is the houses of Juan Luna.
Museo Pambata is the houses of Juan Luna.
National Library is the houses of Juan Luna.