Illegal Immigrants is the migration of Bintulu.
Bintulu is the authority of Bintulu Immigration Department.
2010 Malaysian Census is the data collection of Bintulu.
Bintulu is the demographic composition of Ethnicity.
Ethnicity is the composition of Indigenous People.
Ethnicity is the composition of Chinese.
Ethnicity is the composition of Non-Malaysians.
Ethnicity is the composition of Indians.
Indigenous People is the subgroup of Iban.
Indigenous People is the subgroup of Malay.
Indigenous People is the subgroup of Melanau.
Indigenous People is the subgroup of Bidayuh.
Chinese is the subgroup of Hakka.
Chinese is the subgroup of Fuzhou.
Chinese is the subgroup of Teochews.
Bintulu is the residence of Foreigners.
Foreigners is the origin of Britain.
Foreigners is the origin of Australia.
Foreigners is the origin of Netherlands.
Foreigners is the origin of Germany.
Foreigners is the origin of South Africa.
Foreigners is the origin of New Zealand.
Foreigners is the origin of Japan.
Foreigners is the origin of China.
Foreigners is the origin of United States.
Foreigners is the origin of Indonesia.
Bintulu speaks Languages.
Languages speaks Malay.
Languages speaks English.
Languages speaks Standard Chinese.
Languages speaks Bintulu Language.
Bintulu is the religious beliefs of Religion.
Religion is the adherents of Christian.
Religion is the adherents of Islam.
Religion is the adherents of Buddhism.
Religion is the adherents of Hinduism.
Bintulu is the economic sector of Economy.
Economy is the location of Industrial Estates.
Economy is the sector of Oil And Gas.
Oil And Gas is the operation of Malaysia Lng.
Malaysia Lng is the owner of Petronas.
Oil And Gas is the operation of Floating Lng.
Oil And Gas is the transportation of Sabah Sarawak Gas Pipeline.
Sabah Sarawak Gas Pipeline is the connection of Central Luconia.
Malaysia Lng is the export destination of Japan.
Malaysia Lng is the export destination of Korea.
Malaysia Lng is the export destination of Taiwan.
Malaysia Lng is the export destination of China.
Sarawak Shell Bintulu Plant is the location of Bintulu.
Sarawak Shell Bintulu Plant is the operation of Bintulu Crude Oil Terminal.
Sarawak Shell Bintulu Plant is the operation of Shell Middle Distillate Synthesis Plant.
Sarawak Shell Bintulu Plant is the operation of Bintulu Gtl.
Wood-Based Industries is the raw material of Plantations.
Plantations is the cultivation of Oil Palm.
Plantations is the cultivation of Cocoa.
Plantations is the cultivation of Rattan.
Plantations is the cultivation of Pepper.
Bintulu Palm Oil Refinery is the location of Bintulu.
Bintulu Palm Oil Refinery is the raw material of Planted Forests Zone.
Planted Forests Zone is the plantation of Acacia Trees.
Planted Forests Zone is the plantation of Kelampayan.
Planted Forests Zone is the plantation of Engkabang.
Planted Forests Zone is the plantation of Durian.
Planted Forests Zone is the plantation of Batai.
Planted Forests Zone is the plantation of Eucalyptus.
Planted Forests Zone is the plantation of Rubber Trees.
Sarawak Planted Forest Sdn Bhd is the operation of Planted Forests Zone.
Mdf Plants is the operation of Daiken Sarawak Sdn Bhd.
Mdf Plants is the operation of Cipta Briquette Sdn Bhd.
Mdf Plants is the operation of Bintulu Adhesive & Chemicals Sdn Bhd.
Bintulu Port Authority is the location of Bintulu.
Bintulu Port Sdn Bhd is the location of Bintulu.
Bintulu Port Sdn Bhd is the operation of Bintulu International Container Terminal.
Bintulu Port Sdn Bhd is the operation of Bintulu.
Asean Bintulu Fertiliser Plant is the operation of Asean Bintulu Fertiliser Sdn Bhd.
Asean Bintulu Fertiliser Plant is the ownership of Petronas.
Cahya Mata Sarawak Berhad is the location of Bintulu.
Cahya Mata Sarawak Berhad is the operation of Kidurong Industrial Estate.
Kidurong International School is the location of Bintulu.
Upm Bintulu Sarawak Campus is the location of Bintulu.