New Year'S Eve is the part of of Up All Night.
New Year'S Eve is the part of of American Comedy Television Series.
New Year'S Eve is the air date of January 12, 2012.
New Year'S Eve is the writer of Erica Rivinoja.
New Year'S Eve is the director of Beth Mccarthy-Miller.
New Year'S Eve is the guest appearance of Jason Lee.
New Year'S Eve is the character of Chris.
New Year'S Eve is the character of Reagan.
New Year'S Eve is the character of Ava.
New Year'S Eve is the character of Kevin.
New Year'S Eve is the character of Missy.
New Year'S Eve is the character of Jennifer Hall.
New Year'S Eve is the source of Nielsen Media Research.
New Year'S Eve is the air network of Nbc.
New Year'S Eve is the location of United States.
Reagan is the relationship of Chris.
Reagan is the friendship of Ava.
Reagan is the friendship of Missy.
Chris is the relationship of Reagan.
Chris is the friendship of Ava.
Chris is the friendship of Missy.
Ava is the relationship of Kevin.
Ava is the friendship of Reagan.
Ava is the friendship of Missy.
Kevin is the relationship of Ava.
Missy is the friendship of Reagan.
Missy is the friendship of Chris.
Missy is the friendship of Ava.
Jason Lee is the relationship of Ava.
Erica Rivinoja is the writer of New Year'S Eve.
Beth Mccarthy-Miller is the director of New Year'S Eve.
Jason Lee is the guest appearance of New Year'S Eve.
Nielsen Media Research is the source of New Year'S Eve.
Nbc is the air network of New Year'S Eve.
United States is the location of New Year'S Eve.
Rock Band features New Year'S Eve.
Borat mentions New Year'S Eve.
Emily Spivey is the colleague of Beth Mccarthy-Miller.
Emily Spivey is the colleague of Lorne Michaels.
Beth Mccarthy-Miller is the colleague of Emily Spivey.
Beth Mccarthy-Miller is the colleague of Lorne Michaels.
Jason Lee is the colleague of Spivey.
Jason Lee is the colleague of Michaels.
Jason Lee is the previous work of Saturday Night Live.
Jason Lee is the previous appearance of First Night Away.
Jason Lee is the previous work of Saturday Night Live.
Jason Lee is the previous appearance of November 12, 2005.
New Year'S Eve is the air time of 9:30 Pm.
New Year'S Eve precedes The Office.
New Year'S Eve is the previous air time of 8:00Pm.
New Year'S Eve is the timeslot switch of Whitney.
New Year'S Eve is the ratings strategy of Whitney.
New Year'S Eve is the ratings strategy of The Office.
New Year'S Eve is the ratings strategy of Nbc.
New Year'S Eve is the ratings success of The Office.
New Year'S Eve is the ratings source of Nielsen Media Research.
New Year'S Eve is the ratings date of January 12, 2012.
New Year'S Eve is the viewership of 4.28 Million.
New Year'S Eve is the rating of 2.0 Rating / 5% Share.
New Year'S Eve is the target audience of 18 – 49 Demographic.
New Year'S Eve is the rating change of 5% Rise.
New Year'S Eve is the previous episode of First Christmas.
New Year'S Eve is the timeslot ranking of Third.
New Year'S Eve is the highest rated program of The Office.
New Year'S Eve is the second highest rated program of The Office.
New Year'S Eve competes Grey'S Anatomy.
New Year'S Eve competes Person Of Interest.
New Year'S Eve competes The Finder.
New Year'S Eve competes The Secret Circle.
New Year'S Eve is the additional viewership of Dvr Viewers.
New Year'S Eve views 7 Days.
New Year'S Eve adjusts 3.0 Rating.
New Year'S Eve is the target audience of 18 – 49 Demographic.
New Year'S Eve is the additional rating of 1.0 Rating.
New Year'S Eve is the reviewer of Steven Heisler.
New Year'S Eve is the review source of The A.V. Club.
New Year'S Eve is the reviewer of Margaret Eby.
New Year'S Eve is the comparison of Sex And The City.
New Year'S Eve is the review rating of B.
New Year'S Eve is the reviewer of Adam Victavage.
New Year'S Eve is the review source of Paste.
New Year'S Eve is the review rating of 8.7/10.
New Year'S Eve is the reviewer of Bradford Evans.
New Year'S Eve is the performance praise of Jennifer Hall.
New Year'S Eve is the review source of Splitsider.
New Year'S Eve is the reviewer of Alan Sepinwall.