Frederick Reines collaborates Clyde Cowan.
Frederick Reines graduates Stevens Institute Of Technology.
Frederick Reines graduates New York University.
Frederick Reines works Los Alamos Laboratory.
Frederick Reines works Richard Feynman.
Frederick Reines directs Operation Greenhouse.
Frederick Reines studys Neutrino.
Frederick Reines detects Supernova Sn1987A.
Frederick Reines is the family member of Rabbi Yitzchak Yaacov Reines.
Frederick Reines is the family member of Gussie Reines.
Frederick Reines is the family member of Israel Reines.
Frederick Reines is the family member of Paula Reines.
Frederick Reines is the family member of David Reines.
Frederick Reines is the family member of William Reines.
Frederick Reines is the family member of Sylvia Samuels.
Frederick Reines is the family member of Robert Reines.
Frederick Reines is the family member of Alisa Reines.
Frederick Reines mentors Serge A. Korff.
Frederick Reines mentors Richard D. Present.
Frederick Reines mentors Wolfgang Pauli.
Frederick Reines mentors Enrico Fermi.
Frederick Reines mentors Rudolf Peierls.
Frederick Reines mentors Hans Bethe.
Frederick Reines mentors J. Carson Mark.
Frederick Reines mentors Norris Bradbury.
Frederick Reines collaborates John Von Neumann.
Frederick Reines collaborates John Archibald Wheeler.
Frederick Reines collaborates Robert Shaw.
Frederick Reines collaborates George Szell.
Frederick Reines collaborates J. M. B. Kellogg.
Frederick Reines collaborates Martin L. Perl.
Department Of Energy is the predecessor agency of Atomic Energy Commission.
Reines affiliates University Of California @-@ Irvine.
Gurr affiliates University Of California @-@ Irvine.
Jenkins affiliates University Of California @-@ Irvine.
Munsee affiliates University Of California @-@ Irvine.
University Of California @-@ Irvine affiliates Case Western Reserve University.
Department Of Energy is the predecessor agency of Atomic Energy Commission.
Roberts affiliates Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory (Fnal).
Blood affiliates Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory (Fnal).
Learned affiliates Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory (Fnal).
Reines publishs World Scientific.
1991 publishs Reines.
Reines publishs Teaneck, N.J..
Isbn 978 @-@ 981 @-@ 02 @-@ 0392 @-@ 4 publishs Reines.