Lock Haven is the county seat of Clinton County.
Lock Haven locates Pennsylvania.
Lock Haven is the near confluence of West Branch Susquehanna River.
Lock Haven is the near confluence of Bald Eagle Creek.
Lock Haven is the principal city of Lock Haven Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Lock Haven is the part of of Williamsport – Lock Haven Combined Statistical Area.
Lock Haven locates Memorial Park Site.
Lock Haven locates Heisey House.
Lock Haven locates Water Street District.
Lock Haven is the founder of Jeremiah Church.
Lock Haven is the early settler of William Reed.
Lock Haven is the early settler of Cleary Campbell.
Lock Haven is the railroad investor of Christopher Fallon.
Lock Haven is the railroad investor of John Fallon.
Lock Haven is the founder of William T. Piper, Sr..
Lock Haven is the location of Susquehanna River.
Harrisburg is the location of Susquehanna River.
Williamsport is the location of Susquehanna River.
Hurricane Agnes is the cause of damage of Lock Haven.
Blizzard Of 1996 threatens Lock Haven.
Hurricane Ivan threatens Lock Haven.
Philadelphia is the distance from of Lock Haven.
Pittsburgh is the distance from of Lock Haven.
Bald Eagle Creek is the location of Lock Haven.
Bald Eagle Mountain is the location of Lock Haven.
West Branch Susquehanna River is the location of Lock Haven.
United States Census Bureau is the data source of Lock Haven.
National Weather Service is the data source of Lock Haven.
Clinton County is the location of Lock Haven.
Pennsylvania is the location of Lock Haven.
Piper Aircraft Corporation is the employer of Lock Haven.
Price Performance Center is the location of Lock Haven.
Sloan Auditorium is the location of Lock Haven.
Sloan Fine Arts Gallery is the location of Lock Haven.
Millbrook Playhouse is the location of Lock Haven.
Junior Chamber International is the event sponsor of Lock Haven.
Annie Halenbake Ross Library is the location of Lock Haven.
Stevenson Library is the location of Lock Haven.
Piper Aviation Museum is the location of Lock Haven.
Heisey House is the location of Lock Haven.
Clinton County Historical Society is the location of Lock Haven.
Pennsylvania Historical And Museum Commission is the location of Lock Haven.
Water Street District is the location of Lock Haven.
Memorial Park Site 36Cn164 is the location of Lock Haven.
The Express is the media outlet of Lock Haven.
The Eagle Eye is the media outlet of Lock Haven.
Wbpz is the media outlet of Lock Haven.
Wsqv is the media outlet of Lock Haven.
Wlhu is the media outlet of Lock Haven.
Havenscope is the media outlet of Lock Haven.
Young Men'S Christian Association is the recreational programs provider of Lock Haven.
Clinton Country Club is the location of Lock Haven.
Clinton County is the contains of Lock Haven.
Clinton County is the contains of Centre County.
Clinton County is the contains of Potter County.
Lock Haven is the haselementaryschool of Dickey Elementary.
Lock Haven is the haselementaryschool of Robb Elementary.
Lock Haven is the haselementaryschool of Woodward Elementary.
Lock Haven is the hasmiddleschool of Central Mountain Middle School.
Lock Haven is the hashighschool of Central Mountain High School.
Lock Haven is the hasprivateschool of Lock Haven Christian School.
Lock Haven is the hasprivateschool of Lock Haven Catholic School.
Lock Haven is the hasuniversity of Lock Haven University Of Pennsylvania.
Lock Haven is the hastaxiservice of Lock Haven Taxi.
Lock Haven is the hasbusservice of Fullington Trailways.
Lock Haven is the hasbusservice of Susquehanna Trailways.
Lock Haven is the followsroute of Pennsylvania Bicycle Route G.
Pennsylvania Bicycle Route G is the connectsto of Pine Creek Rail Trail.
Lock Haven is the hasrailway of Norfolk Southern Railway.
Norfolk Southern Railway is the connectsto of Nittany And Bald Eagle Railroad.
Lock Haven is the hasairport of William T. Piper Memorial Airport.
Lock Haven is the provideselectricservice of Ppl.
Ppl is the electricserviceprovider of Lock Haven.
Lock Haven is the providestelephoneservice of Verizon Communications.
Lock Haven is the providesinternetservice of Comcast.
Lock Haven is the providesinternetservice of Kcnet.
Lock Haven is the watertreatmentplant of Central Clinton County Water Filtration Authority Plant.
Central Clinton County Water Filtration Authority Plant is the watertreatmentplantprovider of Lock Haven.
Lock Haven is the provideswaterdistributionservice of Suburban Lock Haven Water Authority.
Lock Haven is the ownsandoperateslandfill of Clinton County Solid Waste Authority.
Clinton County Solid Waste Authority is the ownsandoperateslandfill of Wayne Township Landfill.
Lock Haven is the hashospital of Lock Haven Hospital.
Lock Haven Hospital is the adjacenttohospital of Susque View Home.
Lock Haven is the notableperson of Brittani Kline.
Lock Haven is the notableperson of Alexander Mcdonald.
Lock Haven is the notableperson of John French Sloan.
Lock Haven is the notableperson of Alison Bechdel.
Lock Haven is the notableperson of Richard Lipez.
Lock Haven is the notableperson of John Sloan Dickey.
Lock Haven is the notableperson of Kermit Lipez.