Song Dynasty is the architecture of Buddhist Pagodas.
Song Dynasty is the architecture of Stone And Wooden Bridges.
Song Dynasty is the architecture of Lavish Tombs.
Song Dynasty is the architecture of Extravagant Palaces.
Song Dynasty is the role of Architect.
Song Dynasty is the role of Master Craftsman.
Song Dynasty is the role of Carpenter.
Song Dynasty is the role of Structural Engineer.
Song Dynasty is the comparison of Confucian Scholar-Officials.
Song Dynasty is the role of Craftsman.
Song Dynasty is the transmission of Architectural Knowledge.
Song Dynasty is the establishment of Government Agencies.
Song Dynasty is the establishment of Schools For Construction.
Song Dynasty is the creation of Building Manuals.
Bianjing is the description of City Layout.
Bianjing is the reference of Kao Gong Ji.
Bianjing is the description of City Wall.
Bianjing is the description of Gates.
Bianjing is the description of Palace.
Bianjing is the description of Imperial Boulevard.
Bianjing is the description of Imperial Corridors.
Bianjing is the description of Imperial Water Furrows.
Bianjing is the description of Zhou Bridge.
Bianjing is the description of Forbidden City.
Bianjing is the description of Peach Trees.
Bianjing is the description of Plum Trees.
Bianjing is the description of Pear Trees.
Bianjing is the description of Apricot Trees.
Buddhist Stupa is the purpose of Scriptural Sutras.
Han Dynasty is the influence of Buddhist Stupa.
Han Dynasty is the evolution of Watch Towers.
Han Dynasty is the evolution of Residential Apartments.
Sui Dynasty is the development of Chinese Pagoda.
Sui Dynasty is the evolution of Tang Dynasty.
Sui Dynasty is the development of Chinese Pagoda.
Songyue Pagoda is the comparison of Giant Wild Goose Pagoda.
Songyue Pagoda is the comparison of Iron Pagoda Of Youguo Temple.
Yu Hao is the construction of Iron Pagoda Of Youguo Temple.
Emperor Renzong Of Song is the reconstruction of Iron Pagoda Of Youguo Temple.
Cast-Iron Pagodas is the example of Liuhe Pagoda.
Hangzhou is the location of Lingxiao Pagoda.
Hangzhou is the location of Liaodi Pagoda.
Qianxun Pagoda is the comparison of Liaodi Pagoda.
Liaodi Pagoda is the function of Kaiyuan Monastery.
Liaodi Pagoda is the location of Ding County.
Liaodi Pagoda is the observation of Liao Enemy.
Liaodi Pagoda is the comparison of Gaocheng Astronomical Observatory.
Fei Family is the location of Jinze.
Fei Family is the influence of Nanxiang.
Jinze is the construction of Temple Of The Saintly Mother.
Jinze is the construction of Hall Of Sacrifice Of The Jin Temple.
Jinze is the association of White Lotus Sect Of Buddhism.
Nanxiang is the era of Song.
Nanxiang is the construction of Temples.
Nanxiang is the expansion of Song Empire.
Temple Of The Saintly Mother is the association of Jin Temple.
Temple Of The Saintly Mother is the feature of Double-Eaved Roof.
Temple Of The Saintly Mother is the support of Dougong Brackets.
Temple Of The Saintly Mother is the characteristic of Song Architecture.
Temple Of The Saintly Mother is the decoration of Columns.
Temple Of The Saintly Mother is the decoration of Dragons.
Temple Of The Saintly Mother is the feature of Porch.
Temple Of The Saintly Mother is the feature of Cross-Shaped Bridge.
Trinity Hall Of Xuan Miao Temple is the location of Suzhou City.
Trinity Hall Of Xuan Miao Temple is the designation of National Heritage Site.
Jingling Palace is the association of Yellow Emperor.
Jingling Palace is the location of Qufu.
Jingling Palace locates Shou Qiu.
Shou Qiu is the features of Stele Of The Sorrow Of 10,000.
Shou Qiu is the features of Yellow Emperor'S Son Shaohao.
Yellow Emperor'S Son Shaohao preserves Dai Miao Of Mount Tai.
Bridges constructs Zhang Zhongyan.
Bridges features Xia Gui.
Bridges haves Su Shi.
Bridges visits Qiu Changchun.
Bridges builds Chang Jung.
Bridges heads Cai Xiang.
Emperor Taizu Of Song burys Emperor Huizong Of Song.
Emperor Taizu Of Song burys Emperor Qinzong Of Song.
Li Ruogui writes Yu Hao.
Shen Kuo writes Yu Hao.
Li Jie presents Emperor Zhezong Of Song.