Cooperative Public Service provides United States Government.
Cooperative Public Service is the men received training in fields of national interest at of Training Camps.
Cooperative Public Service trains Puerto Rico.
Cooperative Public Service is the men from worked in fields under the auspices of of Peace Churches.
Cooperative Public Service works U.S. Forest Service.
Cooperative Public Service works Wildlife Conservation Service.
Cooperative Public Service works National Park Service.
Cooperative Public Service works Federal Government.
Cooperative Public Service is the responsibility of running the training camps and caring for the families of the men was the responsibility of of Families.
Veterans refuses Conscientious Citizens.
Conscientious Citizens is the belief conflicts with the law during wartime of World War I.
Conscientious Citizens is the those willing to serve as military personnel are exempt of Historic Peace Churches.
Conscientious Citizens is the law allowed for noncombatant service for members of any religious group whose members were prohibited from participating in work of any kind of Conscription Act.
Conscientious Citizens is the law limited military service only to members of of Historic Peace Churches.
Conscientious Citizens is the justice department was able to arrest church leaders for violating of Espionage Act.
Espionage Act is the church leaders were arrested for violating of Conscientious Objectors.
Espionage Act is the churches were responsible for providing the public services of Churches.
Espionage Act is the churches paid for the men 's of Food.
Espionage Act is the churches paid for the men 's of Clothing.
Espionage Act is the churches paid for the men 's of Basic Needs.
Espionage Act is the churches hired and paid for the camp staff of Churches.
Espionage Act is the men received an allowance for of Living Expenses.
Espionage Act is the men performed of Agricultural Work.
Espionage Act is the federal government spent on the camp program of Federal Government.
Espionage Act is the men performed on dairy farms and with soil conservation of Agricultural Work.
Espionage Act is the men assigned to built dams to prevent soil erosion of Bureau Of Reclamation.
Espionage Act is the men built to prevent soil erosion of Roads.
Espionage Act is the men built to prevent soil erosion of Bridges.
Espionage Act is the men were trained for fire fighting at of State And National Parks.
State And National Parks is the men were trained for fire fighting under the auspices of of National Park Service.
State And National Parks is the men built bridges and roads in of Blue Ridge Mountains.
State And National Parks is the men built bridges and roads in of Atlanta.
State And National Parks is the men served in training field at of Smokejumping Camps.
Paxson is the residence of Georgia.
Mental Health advocates John Olmstead.
Mental Health is the member of national mental health foundation of Eleanor Roosevelt.
Eleanor Roosevelt collaborates William B. Mitchell.
Eleanor Roosevelt collaborates William Buck.
Eleanor Roosevelt collaborates William Henry Fosdick.
Dr. Everett Koop participates University Of Pennsylvania School Of Medicine.
Dr. Everett Koop participates Harvard Hospital.
Dr. Ancel conducts University Of Minnesota.
James Anderson establishs Army Camp #1 In Coleville, Oregon.
William Everson imprisons Camp.
William Stafford imprisons Camp.
Francis (Fritz) William Busch is the spent time of Dutch Flats In Camp Number 2.