Leslie William Andrew is the recipient of Victoria Cross.
Leslie William Andrew is the affiliation of New Zealand Military Forces.
Leslie William Andrew is the actions of Battle Of Passchendaele.
Leslie William Andrew is the service of New Zealand Expeditionary Force.
Leslie William Andrew is the service of Territorial Force.
Leslie William Andrew is the service of Western Front.
Leslie William Andrew is the service of India.
Leslie William Andrew is the commander of 2Nd Division.
Leslie William Andrew is the service of Greece.
Leslie William Andrew is the service of Crete.
Leslie William Andrew is the commander of North African Campaign.
Leslie William Andrew is the commander of Infantry Battalion.
Leslie William Andrew is the commander of Wellington Infantry Regiment.
Leslie William Andrew is the rank of Colonel.
Leslie William Andrew is the birthplace of Ashhurst.
Leslie William Andrew is the birthplace of Manawatu Region.
Leslie William Andrew grows Wanganui.
Leslie William Andrew is the education of Wanganui High School.
Leslie William Andrew is the employment of New Zealand Education Department.
Leslie William Andrew is the participant of Somme Campaign.
Leslie William Andrew is the participant of Battle Of Flers-Courcelette.
Leslie William Andrew is the participant of Battle Of Messines.
Leslie William Andrew is the service of Second World War.
Leslie William Andrew is the appointment of Adjutant.
Leslie William Andrew is the recipient of Distinguished Service Order.
Leslie William Andrew is the commander of Wellington.
Leslie William Andrew is the spouse of Bessie Smith.
Leslie William Andrew is the meeting place of Nottingham.
Leslie William Andrew is the appointment of Royal Zealand Regiment.
Leslie William Andrew is the service of London.
Leslie William Andrew is the commander of Coronation Of King George Vi And Queen Elizabeth.
Leslie William Andrew is the service of Trentham Military Camp.
Leslie William Andrew is the arrival of Liverpool.
Leslie William Andrew is the service of 1St Infantry Brigade.
Leslie William Andrew is the assignment of Garrison Duty.
Leslie William Andrew is the deployment of Italy.
Leslie William Andrew is the capture of Maleme Airfield.
Leslie William Andrew is the capture of Hill 107.
Leslie William Andrew is the commander of Brigade.
Leslie William Andrew is the temporary commander of 2Nd Infantry Brigade.
Leslie William Andrew is the subordinate of John Hargest.
Leslie William Andrew is the attendance of Imperial Defence College.
Leslie William Andrew is the commander of 4Th Military District.
Leslie William Andrew is the candidate of Parliament.
Leslie William Andrew is the burial of Levin Rsa Cemetery.
Leslie William Andrew is the burial of Levin.
Leslie William Andrew is the display of Qeii Army Reserve Museum.
Leslie William Andrew is the display location of Waiouru.
Leslie William Andrew is the recovery of New Zealand Police.
Leslie William Andrew is the reward provider of John Ashcroft.
Leslie William Andrew is the reward provider of John Sturgess.