Weather Stations is the collects data of Floating Buoys.
Weather Stations is the collects data of Drifting Ones.
Weather Stations uses Ships.
Floating Buoys is the in use since 1951 of Ocean.
Drifting Ones uses Ocean.
Floating Stations connects Ocean.
Floating Stations is the active role in monitoring weather on high seas since 1950s of Weather Balloon.
Floating Stations helps Ocean.
Floating Stations is the differences in accuracy of water temperature measurements of Water.
Grover Loening predicts Ships.
United States Coast Guard uses Ships.
German Navy operates Barents Sea.
Sail builds Ocean.
Drifting Satellites builds Ocean.
Drifting Satellites replaces Ocean.
Drifting Satellites uses Ocean.
Drifting Satellites deploys Ocean.
Drifting Satellites covers Ocean.
Weather Satellite 26028 ends Ocean.
Drifting Ship decommissions Ocean.
Drifting Satellites is the data transmitted to ships for data collection of Ships.
Drifting Satellites is the data transmitted to data centers for weather prediction and climate monitoring of Data Centers.
Fixed Sensors uses Drifting Satellites.
Government Agencies is the data used in government agencies of Weather Balloons.
Weather Balloons uses Ocean.
Weather Balloons designates Ocean.
Weather Balloons paints Ocean.
Weather Balloons is the round in shape of Ocean.
Weather Balloons uses Ocean.
Weather Balloons is the long term survivability of standard platform of Ocean.
Weather Balloons retires Ocean.
Weather Balloons uses Ocean.
Weather Balloons is the smaller in diameter for shallow waters of Ocean.
Weather Balloons is the larger in diameter for deeper waters of Ocean.
Environment Canada is the operates and retrieves data for their country of Ocean.
Met Office Of Great Britain is the maintains drifting markers for northern and southern pacific oceans of Ocean.
South African Meteorological Service is the operates and maintains drifting markers for west africa of Ocean.
Meteorological Service Of New Zealand is the operates and maintains drifting markers for their country of Ocean.
Drifting Ships is the report winds from height of 5 metres of Ships.
Drifting Ships is the surface temperature measured with bias of -1°f of Ships.
Drifting Ships is the increase surface temperature at depth of 3 metres of Ocean.