Guitar Hero is the developer of Redoctane.
Guitar Hero is the developer of Harmonix.
Guitar Hero is the developer of Activision.
Players is the use of Controller.
Players is the play of Music.
Controller is the play of Notes.
Gameplay is the include of Players.
Gameplay is the include of Single Player.
Gameplay is the include of Multiplayer.
World Tour is the support of Players.
Wavegroup is the feature of Guitar Hero.
Guitar Hero is the support of Downloadable Content.
Redoctane is the collaboration of Harmonix.
Redoctane is the acquisition of Activision.
Harmonix is the acquisition of Activision.
Harmonix is the acquisition of Mtv Games.
Harmonix is the handover of Neversoft.
Neversoft is the collaboration of Activision.
Neversoft is the development of Tony Hawk.
Activision is the collaboration of Neversoft.
Activision is the collaboration of Crystal Dynamics.
Activision is the collaboration of Budcat Games.
Activision is the collaboration of Mtv Games.
Activision is the collaboration of Hero Studios.
Activision is the development of Freestylegames.
Activision is the inspiration of Skylanders.
Activision is the inspiration of Toyjoe Series.
Activision is the development of Guitar Hero Live.
Sales is the claim of Activision.
Recession is the impact of Sales.
Hiatus is the announcement of Activision.
Cancellation is the decision of Activision.
Rise And Fall is the timeline of Guitar Hero.
Financial Crisis is the impact of Activision.
Hero Online is the development of Hero Studios.
Hero Online is the combination of Guitar Hero.
Dj Hero is the relation of Guitar Hero.
Guitar Hero World Tour is the support of Activision.
Power Button is the activation of Star Power Mode.
Star Power Mode is the accessibility of Button.
Video Game is the downloadable from of Music.
Video Game criticizes Ascap.
Future Games releases Playstation Portable.
Future Games plans Guitar Hero Ii.
Future Games is the last game developed by of Legends Of Rock.
Future Games is the developer change to of Neversoft.
Future Games is the new developer hired of Crystal Visions.
Future Games is the departure from franchise of Redoctane Studios.
Future Games plans Underground Development.
Dave Mustaine involves Guitar Hero.
Dave Mustaine is the music collaboration of Legends Of Rock.
Dave Mustaine is the frontman of of Megadeth.
Chris Prynoski creates Metalocalypse.
Axel Hammer is the band member of Lars Ulrich.
Axel Hammer is the band member of Judy Greer.
Axel Hammer is the band member of Joey Kramer.
Axel Hammer is the band member of Casey Jones.
Lars Ulrich features Kiss.
Lars Ulrich features Metallica.
Lars Ulrich features Van Halen.
Joey Kramer features Aerosmith.
Judy Greer features No Doubt.
Courtney Love is the legal dispute of No Doubt.
Neversoft is the original character creation system of Tony Hawk.
Chris Anderson is the announcement of extension to itunes of Apple.
Sony is the compatibility with guitar hero controller of Playstation 2.
Gibson is the lawsuit for patent violation of Activision.
Mark Devecka is the patent ownership of Devecka Industries.
Pcg is the lawsuit for improper patent claims of Activision.
Masaya Matsuura is the criticism of oversaturation of Video Game Market.
Ryan Geddes is the encouragement for innovation of Music And Rhythm Games.
Jesse Divnich is the comparison with guitar hero series of Dance Dance Revolution.
Chris Smith is the criticism of business model of Activision.
Harmonix is the comparison with rock band series of Activision.
Guitar Hero includes Guitar Hero: Greatest Hits.
Guitar Hero: Greatest Hits receives Ars Technica.
Guitar Hero: Greatest Hits develops Neversoft.
Guitar Hero: Greatest Hits publishs Activision.
Neversoft is the ceo of Brian Bright.
Activision is the uk chief executive of Chris Smith.