Sholay is the theme of Revenge.
Sholay is the director of Ramesh Sippy.
Sholay is the producer of R. D. Sippy.
Sholay is the character of Veeru.
Sholay is the character of Jai.
Sholay is the actor of Dharmendra.
Sholay is the actor of Amitabh Bachchan.
Sholay is the actor of Sanjeev Kumar.
Sholay is the character of Gabbar Singh.
Sholay is the actor of Hema Malini.
Sholay is the actor of Jaya Bhaduri.
Sholay is the recognition of British Film Institute.
Sholay is the recognition of Filmfare Awards.
Sholay films Ramanagara.
Sholay is the state of Karnataka.
Sholay is the regulatory body of Central Board Of Film Certification.
Sholay is the composer of R. D. Burman.
Sholay considers Danny Denzongpa.
Sholay is the family relation of Abhishek Bachchan.
Sholay films Bangalore.
Sholay is the director of Yedekar.
Sholay is the influence of Sergio Leone.
Sholay is the influence of Sam Peckinpah.
Sholay is the influence of Roy Miller.
Sholay is the inspiration of Jagdeep.
Sholay considers Shatrughan Sinha.
Sholay considers Pran.
Sholay is the inspiration of North West Frontier.
Sholay is the inspiration of Seven Samurai.
Sholay is the inspiration of Once Upon A Time In The West.
Sholay is the inspiration of The Magnificent Seven.
Sholay is the inspiration of Butch Cassidy And The Sundance Kid.
Sholay is the inspiration of Mera Gaon Mera Desh.
Sholay is the inspiration of Khote Sikkay.
Sholay films Sholay Village.
Jai is the partners in crime of Veeru.
Jai is the relationship of Radha.
Veeru is the relationship of Basanti.
Gabbar Singh is the antagonist of Jai.
R.D. Burman is the collaborator of Anand Bakshi.
R.D. Burman is the collaborator of Asha Bhosle.
R.D. Burman is the collaborator of Himesh Reshammiya.
R.D. Burman is the collaborator of Shankar Mahadevan.
Shankar Mahadevan is the collaborator of Udit Narayan.
Indira Gandhi is the relationship of William Van Der Heide.
Ziauddin Sardar is the relationship of Dina Holtzman.
Maithili Rao is the reviewer of Sholay.
Ted Shen is the reviewer of Sholay.
Oli Marlow is the reviewer of Sholay.
Shoma K. Chatterji is the reviewer of Sholay.
V.S. Shinde is the award winner of Sholay.
Amjad Khan is the award winner of Sholay.
Dwarka Divecha is the award winner of Sholay.
Raja Yedekar is the award winner of Sholay.
Gabbar Singh portrays Kulbhushan Kharbanda.
Sholay screens Anand'S Theatres.
Ram Gopal Varma is the director of Sholay.
Amitabh Bachchan is the protagonist of Sholay.
Sholay is the product release of Mobile2Win.
Wimal Dissanayake is the author of Sholay.
Anita Sahai is the author of Sholay.
Anupama Chopra is the author of Sholay.
Shekhar Kapur is the film critic of Sholay.
Ketan Mehta is the conversion responsibility of Sholay.
A.K. Sippy is the director relationship of Shaan Uttam Singh.
Shaan Uttam Singh is the conversion to 3d of Sholay.
David Miller is the supervision of Sholay.
Salman Khan is the producer of Sholay.
Javed Akhtar is the producer of Sholay.