Cicely Mary Barker is the nationality of English.
Cicely Mary Barker is the occupation of Artist.
Cicely Mary Barker is the artwork of Fairy Books.
Cicely Mary Barker publishs Queen Of The World.
Cicely Mary Barker is the artwork commission of St. Edmund'S Church.
Cicely Mary Barker commissions Queen Victoria.
Cicely Mary Barker is the influence of Kate Greenaway.
Cicely Mary Barker is the influence of Pre-Raphaelites.
Cicely Mary Barker is the family of Dorothy Barker.
Cicely Mary Barker is the artwork commission of Stained Glass Window.
Cicely Mary Barker is the artistic style of Scientific Expression.
Cicely Mary Barker is the life event of Orphan.
Cicely Mary Barker is the social class of Lower Middle Class.
Cicely Mary Barker is the education of Croydon School Of Art.
Cicely Mary Barker is the business relationship of Raphael Tuck & Co.
Cicely Mary Barker is the artwork of Flower Fairies.
Cicely Mary Barker is the influence of Keys Of The Kingdom.
Cicely Mary Barker is the influence of Peter Pan.
Cicely Mary Barker is the influence of William Rentoul Outhwaite.
Cicely Mary Barker is the business relationship of Blackie.
Cicely Mary Barker is the influence of Jane Clayton Calthrop.
Cicely Mary Barker is the residence of The Waldrons.
Cicely Mary Barker is the affiliation of St. Edmund'S.
Cicely Mary Barker is the affiliation of St. Andrew'S.
Cicely Mary Barker is the location of London.
Cicely Mary Barker is the family of Gladys Barker.
Cicely Mary Barker is the resource of Kew Gardens.
Cicely Mary Barker is the influence of John Everett Millais.
Cicely Mary Barker is the influence of Charles Burne-Jones.
Cicely Mary Barker is the artwork of Children Of The Sea.
Cicely Mary Barker is the artwork of Happy Children.
Cicely Mary Barker is the artwork of Tuck'S Boy And His Friend.
Cicely Mary Barker is the artwork of Rushie Castle.
Cicely Mary Barker is the character of Amary.
Cicely Mary Barker is the character of Mr. Petercoo.
Cicely Mary Barker is the artwork of Queen Of Great Britain.
Cicely Mary Barker is the residence of Storrington.
Cicely Mary Barker is the location of Sussex.
Cicely Mary Barker is the influence of Edith Wharton.
Cicely Mary Barker is the location of St. Edith'S.
Cicely Mary Barker is the location of Worthing Hospital.
Cicely Mary Barker is the business relationship of Frederick Warne.
Cicely Mary Barker is the business relationship of Penguin Books.
Cicely Mary Barker is the art medium of Pencil.
Cicely Mary Barker is the art medium of Ink.
Cicely Mary Barker is the art medium of Oils.
Cicely Mary Barker is the artistic style of Religious Themes.
Cicely Mary Barker is the artwork of Christmas Cards.
Cicely Mary Barker commissions Society For Promoting Christian Knowledge.
Cicely Mary Barker is the exhibition venue of Croydon Art Gallery.
Cicely Mary Barker is the artwork of The Lady'S Book Of Life.
Cicely Mary Barker is the artwork of The Feeding Of The Black Swans.
Cicely Mary Barker is the artwork of St. Mary'S Church.
Cicely Mary Barker is the artwork of The Twelve Apostles.
Cicely Mary Barker is the artwork of Font.
Cicely Mary Barker is the artwork of Norbury Parish Church.
Cicely Mary Barker is the artwork commission of Stained Glass Window.
Cicely Mary Barker is the artwork commission of St. Edmund'S Church.
Cicely Mary Barker is the artwork commission of Storrington Church.
Cicely Mary Barker is the exhibition venue of Art Galleries.
Cicely Mary Barker is the donation of Educational Institutions.
Flower Fairies Of The Winter publishs Blackie.
The Fairies publishs Blackie.
The Fairies Of The World publishs Bedrick / Blackie.
The Little Book Of Songs And Songs publishs Frederick Warne.
The Flower Fairy Book publishs Frederick Warne.
Fairyopolis publishs Frederick Warne.
A Child For A Star publishs Frederick Warne.
How To Make Flower Fairies publishs Frederick Warne.
Welcome To Fairyopolis publishs Frederick Warne.
Christmas Leaf publishs Society For The Advancement Of Useful Art.
Christmas Years publishs Blackie , London.
St. Cecily'S Church publishs 1920.
Altar Window Design designs St. Edmund'S , Pitlake.
Altar Panel designs St. Mary'S , Sanderstead.
The Sign Of The Ten Seasons designs Memorial Design , Church , Penarth , Cardiff.
The Feast Of The Last Flood designs Mosaic , St. Mary'S Church , Waddon.
The Three Stars designs Three Font Design , St. Andrew'S , Croydon.
St. John The Evangelist designs Memorial Altar Design , Abesford Church , 1943.
Cross, Crest, And Shield designs Design For A Number Of Man And Women Serving In The War , St. Andrews , Croydon , 1943.
Cradle Font designs St. Andrews , Croydon , 1948 , 1962.
The Sermon designs St Andrew'S Church , Croydon.
Croydon Church Of The Britain designs Memorial Panel , Norbury Medthodist ##Ry , 1948.
I Walk Among You, He That Serveth designs St. Edmund'S , Pitlake , 1962.