Tonina locates Maya Civilization.
Tonina locates Chiapas.
Tonina locates Ocosingo.
Tonina is the warfare with of Palenque.
Monument 217 locates Tonina.
K'Inich Hix Chapat reigns Monument 217.
Ruler 1 represents Monument 217.
Ruler 2 is the introduced elements at of Monument 217.
K'Inich B'Aaknal Chaak is the victories over of Palenque.
Ruler 4 kills K'Inich Ich'Aak Chapat.
Ruler 4 is the battle against of Piedras Negras.
Ruler 8 controls Sak Tz'I'.
Ruler 8 is the successor of of Uh Chapat.
Father Jacinto Garrido is the first written record of of Tonina.
Guillaume Dupaix leads Tonina.
John Henry Stephens visits Tonina.
William Catherwood visits Tonina.
Eduard Seler studys Tonina.
Caecilie Seler-Sachs studys Tonina.
Karl Schmidt excavates Tonina.
Frans Blom excavates Tonina.
Jean La Farge excavates Tonina.
Jean Becquelin excavates Tonina.
Claude Baudez excavates Tonina.
Monument 101 is the long term inscription of Ruler 1.
Monument 106 is the securely dated of Ruler 1.
Monument 113 is the religious ceremony of Ruler 2.
Monument 114 erects Ruler 8.
Monument 122 is the conquest of palenque of Ruler 8.
Monument 122 depicts Kan ##Al Chitam.
Monument 141 is the completion of ballcourt of K ' Inich Ich ' Aaknal Chaak.
Monument 154 is the execution of subordinate lords of K ' Inich Hix Chapat.
Monument 158 erects Ruler 1.
The Scene Of The Gods depicts Wayob.
The Scene Of The Gods depicts K ' Kimi.
K ' Kimi interprets Deity From The City Of T '.
Site Museum locates Tonina Archaeological Site.
Site Museum is the contains of Exhibition Rooms.
Site Museum is the contains of Conference Room.
Conference Room is the displays of Physical History Of The City.
Conference Room is the displays of Maya Mythology.
Exhibition Room is the displays of Portraits Of The City ' S Rulers.
Site Museum is the contains of Stone Tools.
Site Museum is the contains of Ceramics.
Site Museum is the contains of Stone.
Site Museum is the contains of Metal.
Site Museum is the contains of Wood.
Site Museum is the contains of Murals.
Murals is the depicts of Power Struggle At Tonina.
Murals is the depicts of City ' S Rulers.
Murals is the depicts of Figures Of The Prisoners Of War.