Lock Haven is the county seat of Susquehanna County.
Lock Haven locates Pennsylvania.
Lock Haven locates West Branch Susquehanna River.
Lock Haven locates Bald Eagle Creek.
Lock Haven is the principal city of of Lock Haven Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Lock Haven is the part of of Williamsport – Lock Haven Combined Statistical Area.
Lock Haven is the on national register of Smith Site.
Lock Haven is the on national register of Heisey Museum.
Lock Haven is the on national register of Works Park.
Lock Haven is the founder of John Doe.
Lock Haven is the founder of William Church.
Lock Haven is the business owner of John Fallon.
Lock Haven is the founder of William J. Piper, Sr..
Lock Haven is the experienced of Lock Haven Floods.
Lock Haven relys Lock Haven Economy.
Lock Haven locates Lock Haven Climate.
Lock Haven haves Lock Haven Population.
Lock Haven haves Lock Haven Parks.
Lock Haven haves Lock Haven Government.
Lock Haven haves Lock Haven Education.
Lock Haven is the nearest public middle school of Central Mountain Middle School.
Lock Haven is the nearest public high school of Central Mountain High School.
Lock Haven is the private school of Lock Haven Christian Academy.
Lock Haven is the private school of Lock Haven Public School.
Lock Haven locates Lock Haven University Of Pennsylvania.
Lock Haven locates William J. Brown Municipal Airport.
Lock Haven provides Fullington Trailways.
Lock Haven is the railway pass through of Norfolk Southern Railway.
Lock Haven provides Ppl.
Lock Haven provides Verizon Wireless.
Lock Haven provides Comcast.
Lock Haven provides Kcnet.
Lock Haven is the water treated at of Suburban Centre County Water Supply Treatment Plant.
Lock Haven is the waste management services of Clintonthe Solid Waste Authority.
Lock Haven locates Lock Haven Hospital.
Lock Haven locates Susque-Care Center.
Brittanik graduates Lock Haven Hospital.
John Mcdonald bears Lock Haven.
John Kenneth Sloan bears Lock Haven.
Alison Bechdel bears Lock Haven.
Richard Lipez bears Lock Haven.
John Sloan bears Lock Haven.
Kermit Lipez bears Lock Haven.