Oscar Wilde is the author of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
The Importance Of Being Earnest is the character of Lady Bracknell.
The Importance Of Being Earnest is the character of Algernon Moncrieff.
The Importance Of Being Earnest is the character of Jack Worthing.
The Importance Of Being Earnest is the character of Cecily Cardew.
The Importance Of Being Earnest is the character of Gwendolen Fairfax.
Dame Edith Evans is the portrayed of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Kurt Russell adapts The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Evan Parker adapts The Importance Of Being Earnest.
George Herbert presents The Importance Of Being Earnest.
W. S. Gilbert influences The Importance Of Being Earnest.
John Eltis is the described of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Max Alexander reviews The Importance Of Being Earnest.
William Faversham is the cast member of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Henry Irving is the cast member of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Mary Anderson is the cast member of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Constance Vernon is the cast member of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Dion Boucicault directs The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Mary Brough directs The Importance Of Being Earnest.
George Bernard Shaw praises The Importance Of Being Earnest.
William Morris reviews The Importance Of Being Earnest.
J. B. Walkley praises The Importance Of Being Earnest.
H. G. Wells reviews The Importance Of Being Earnest.
W. H. Lawrence reviews The Importance Of Being Earnest.
John Murray reviews The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Edmund Wilson edits The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Gerald Ames is the cast member of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
E. E. Gray is the cast member of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Tom Deverell is the cast member of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Margaret Scudamore is the cast member of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Sir Nigel Playfair directs The Importance Of Being Earnest.
John Gielgud directs The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Mabelle-Lewis is the cast member of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Edith Evans directs The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Joyce Carey is the cast member of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Angela Baddeley is the cast member of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Margaret Rutherford is the cast member of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Peggy Ashcroft is the cast member of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Judi Dench is the cast member of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Martin Jarvis is the cast member of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Nigel Havers is the cast member of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Zoe Caldwell is the cast member of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Anna Massey is the cast member of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Nicholas Hytner directs The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Maggie Smith is the cast member of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Brian Bedford is the cast member of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Geoffrey Rush is the cast member of The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Jill Ivey is the portrayed of Miss Prism.
Maggie Smith is the portrayed of Lord Byron.
Santino Fontana is the portrayed of Algernon Moncrieff.
Richard O'Brien is the portrayed of Ernest.
Kate Burton is the portrayed of Cecily.
Douglas Furr is the portrayed of John.
Sara Topham is the portrayed of Gwendolen.
Tony Awards nominates The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Sydney Theatre Company produces The Importance Of Being Earnest.
Sydney Theatre Company transfers London'S National Theatre.
London'S National Theatre transfers The Importance Of Being Earnest.
The Importance Of Being Earnest sets 1895.
Algernon Moncrieff is the friends of Ernest Worthing.
Ernest Worthing is the proposes to of Gwendolen Fairfax.
Ernest Worthing engages Cecily Cardew.
Algernon Moncrieff is the mentions of Bunbury.
Gwendolen Fairfax is the mother and daughter of Lady Bracknell.
Cecily Cardew is the friends of Miss Prism.
Lady Bracknell is the recognizes of Miss Prism.
Lady Bracknell is the rejects of Jack.
Cecily Cardew engages Algernon Moncrieff.
Lady Bracknell shocks Algernon Moncrieff.
Miss Prism recognizes Lady Bracknell.
Miss Prism leaves Play Manuscript.
Jack is the proposes to of Gwendolen Fairfax.
Jack is the reveals true name of Cecily Cardew.
Jack realizes Ernest Moncrieff.
Jack is the suitable husband of Gwendolen Fairfax.
Oscar Wilde is the creator of Two Young Women.
Oscar Wilde is the character creator of Dr. Octopus.
Oscar Wilde is the character creator of Madame Butterfly.