Song Dynasty knows Architecture.
Song Dynasty knows Stone Buildings.
Song Dynasty knows Brick Temples.
Song Dynasty knows Gardens.
Song Dynasty knows Palaces.
Song Dynasty evolves Architectural Theory.
Song Dynasty is the low status of Architect.
Song Dynasty is the low status of Master Carpenter.
Song Dynasty is the low status of Engineer.
Song Dynasty is the low status of Civil Engineer.
Song Dynasty exists Government Offices.
Song Dynasty exists Schools.
Bianjing is the layout follows of City Walls.
Bianjing is the description follows of Circular City Wall.
Bianjing is the rebuilt to of Rectangular City Wall.
Bianjing haves Gates.
Zhang Zeduan describes Dongshui Temple.
Dongshui Temple describes Bracket Roof.
Bracket Roof supports Rammed Earth.
Yingzao Fashi describes Rammed Earth.
Yingzao Fashi describes Bracket Roof.
Song Dynasty builds Iron Pagoda.
Youguo Temple locates Iron Pagoda.
Youguo Temple rebuilds Emperor Renzong.
Song Dynasty builds Cast Iron Pagoda.
Liuhe Pagoda is the example of of Cast Iron Pagoda.
Zhengjue Pagoda is the example of of Cast Iron Pagoda.
Pizhi Pagoda is the example of of Cast Iron Pagoda.
Liaodi Pagoda is the example of of Cast Iron Pagoda.
Kaiyuan Temple is the guard pagoda for of Liaodi Pagoda.
Kaiyuan Temple locates Liaodi Pagoda.
Kaiyuan Temple is the original function as of Liaodi Pagoda.
Kaiyuan Temple is the secondary role as of Liaodi Pagoda.
Fei Family locates Jinze.
Fei Family converts Jinze.
Jinze is the major center of of Temple.
Jinze is the spurred construction of of Temple.
Nanxiang gains Temple.
Temple Of The Venerable Mother locates Hall Of Worship Of The Jin Temple.
Temple Of The Venerable Mother is the notable examples of of Hall Of Worship Of The Jin Temple.
Temple Of The Venerable Mother builds Hall Of Worship Of The Jin Temple.
Temple Of The Venerable Mother completes Hall Of Worship Of The Jin Temple.
Temple Of The Venerable Mother is the double-eaved roof with of Hall Of Worship Of The Jin Temple.
Temple Of The Venerable Mother supports Hall Of Worship Of The Jin Temple.
Xuanling Temple locates Suzhou City.
Xuanling Temple designates Cultural Heritage Site.
Jade Palace locates Qufu.