what ' s going on in russia this year ? we ' ve put together some ideas . the bolshoi premiere of john neumeier ' s anna karenina this year hamburg ballet presented the world premiere of john neumeier ' s anna karenina , a modern take on jean robin ' s eponymous play . hamburg ballet coproduced the full - length ballet with the national ballet of canada and the bolshoi , the latter of which will premiere the following march 25 ( nboc will have its premiere in april ) . the ballet will feature bolshoi dancer svetlana zakharova in the title role . this is especially important since neumeier ' s main inspiration for the ballet came from zakharova when they were working together on his production of the play . the following table delves into what makes this ballet stand out . world premiere : richmond ballet and dance festival richmond ballet ' s new york premiere march 21 - 23 features works by four dancers who have never worked with richmond ballet before : francesca rossi , john mattingly , mariana oliveira and david smith . " there ' s a problem : the choreographer has only 15 minutes with the dancers to create the 10 - 15 minute ballet . " the dancers- the company ' s 2018 season begins with choreographer ' s day 2018 , march 20 - 25 . the program features a world premiere by alejandro cerrudo and world premiere by nayon iovino and artistic director ib andersen . today ' s program features popular music and films from the 1950s and 1960s to elvis presley ( yo , anyone ? ) san francisco ballet jerome robbins beautiful ; funny ; funny ; beautiful . that ' s how sfb presents their annual tribute to jerome robbins , march 20 - 25 . the tribute is one of dozens of others honoring robbins this year ; last year we honored houston ballet and new york theatre workshop . sfb is presenting new interpretations of the late choreographer ' s work for ballet and theatre : fancy pants , number one / the cage , the cage and other works . reid and harriet designs at the guggenheim march 20 - 25 , 2018 - partnership : bartelme and harriet designs share the stage as partners of new art & design . the company is known for their fashion design and performance ; last year they created their clothing show based on justin ##iano fashion , and last year they created their dance - based show . for this year ' s show they collaborated with a long list of designers including lar lubo##vitch and pam tanowitz to create short videos for their website . a number of dancers including new york city ballet dancer jennifer janzen will be used as the models .