columbus , ohio ( ap ) — a man accused of planning an attack on a federal detention facility in texas asked a judge in texas to release him instead of sending him to prison , because he didn ' t want to spend time behind bars , records show . abdirahman mohamed mohamud told federal prosecutor david smith that he didn ' t want to harm his family and called his sentence " very fair and just . " " i really don ' t think i like it at all , " mohamud said in the jan . 22 article , published in the federal law journal on thursday . he added : " but if the answer is no , then it would put everyone ' s mind at ease . " mohamud , who was born in somalia and came to the u . s . at 18 years old , would eventually gain his freedom . when mohamud was sentenced to 10 years in prison that year , the local homeland security enforcement agency said it would seek to strip him of his citizenship and send him to canada . at sentencing on jan . 23 , mohamud told reporters that he knew what he ' d done was wrong and that he ' d fallen into the trap of radicalization from somalia . mohamud , however , tried to get his familyand a second letter dated dec . 15 , said they weren ' t doing it . a further note in the letter said mohamud ' s request was denied dec . 15 from pakistan . his lawyer , former dallas city attorney mark shamansky , declined to comment . mohamud planned to travel to texas and visit the federal detention center carswell in fort worth in an attempt to interview aafia siddiqui , a pakistani woman accused of shooting at two u . s . soldiers in 2013 , prosecutors said . prosecutors dismissed the charges against mohamud . according to the prosecutors , mohamud applied for a visa to go there about a year after he became a u . s . citizen in 2014 . he bought a ticket to greece with a friend in athens , where he stayed before going to greece , prosecutors said in court documents . they said he never intended to go to greece . mohamud affiliated with al - nusra front , an islamist group affiliated with al - qaeda , they said . mohamud was arrested in 2015 and found guilty a few months later . the charges were never carried out . shamansky called for mercy , saying mohamud didn ' t have his parents around when he was growing up , his mother##washed " up " by the " police " he quickly realized his mistake and ordered his arrest . police commissioner mohamud called others from overseas after his arrest and asked them not to say anything . _ _ _ _ _ - he can be found on twitter at https : / / twitter . com / awhcolumbus .