the syrian government has recognized georgia and south ossetia , two georgian autonomous regions annexed by russia , as independent states . " a deal has been struck between the syrian arab republic , the republic of georgia and the republic of south ossetia to exchange information and set up diplomatic relations at the highest level , " said a syrian foreign ministry spokesman in messages posted by the state - run syrian news agency on twitter . see also : civil war which repeats itself in syria the incident prompted the syrian government to announce its decision to cut diplomatic ties with russia , blaming russia for staging the diplomatic incident . " with this act , the assad government shows its support for russia ' s military campaign against georgia , the russian annexation of tbilisi and tskhinvali [ south ossetia ] regions and the ethnic cleansing that has been taking place for years , " said a spokesman from the syrian foreign ministry . after the dissolution of the soviet union in the early 1990s , georgia and south ossetia were officially recognized as part of russia . later in 2008 , russia declared war on the regions , sending thousands of troops and recognizing them as independent states . instead of withdrawing from the civil war , colombia , ecuador and venezuela recognized the republicthe president of georgia . although syria has had close ties with russia for decades , russia ' s interference in the country ' s affairs in recent years has strained their ties . read this : syria ' s people and in the future north and south ossetia have historically been breakaway regions of georgia , established during the soviet era . in the aftermath of the civil war , they fought a war against georgian forces , a war that displaced 250 , 000 people and killed more than 100 , 000 others . both the us and russia have refused to support the georgian forces , claiming they are violations of syria ' s territorial integrity . cnn / cmk ( afp , reuters ) every morning at 1830 hours , dw ' s reporters send in a summary of the day ' s breaking news and standards of living . you can sign up to read it all online .