australia ( ap ) — the men ' s and women ' s tournaments of the twenty20 cricket world cup in 2020 will be held at the sydney cricket ground . cricket australia affords the event official status . for the first time , the men ' s and women ' s tournaments will be held as stand - alone events at the same venue . the 16 - team women ' s event will run from feb . 1 to march 3 and the 16 - team men ' s event from oct . 30 to nov . 2 . the finals of the women ' s tournament will be held in sydney . the men ' s tournament will be split between the sydney cricket ground and adelaide oval . they will also take place at the 50 , 000 - seat oval , australia ' s largest stadium and venue for the final of the 2015 women ' s one - day cricket world cup , which attracted 100 , 000 spectators . a total of nine venues in nine australian cities — melbourne , sydney , adelaide , brisbane , geelong , perth , perth and brisbane — will host matches during the twenty20 tournaments . the men ' s tournament has been expanded so that the sydney super 8 tournament now becomes the super 8 with eight regional teams , and the remaining eight teams from the four - team groups which will enter the knockout stage . thethe cricket council is hoping the women ' s final will attract a world record crowd for a women ' s sports event . 100 , 000 attended the final of the women ' s 50 - over world cup at lord ' s in england last year . the world record for a women ' s sports event is 80 , 000 , which attended a cricket match in melbourne in 1929 . the world record is 82 , 185 for the women ' s fifa world cup final in 1999 . " australia is a vibrant country , with young and passionate people who love cricket , " organizing committee chief executive john smith said . " we ' ve wanted the world t20 , the stand - alone women ' s and men ' s competition , to be more inclusive , more fun and more exciting than cricket , so that everyone can join in . " the australian women ' s team has won three of the last four twenty20 world cups and may be looking to win back the triple crown they lost to the west indies in 2016 . the west indies are also the current women ' s champions .