the ( ap ) — people on bed ##ers not to have to rush to get poolside lounge ##s first thing in the morning and easily fit in . the company thomas cook is able to reserve poolside chairs for a fee of 10 shillings ( $ 1 ) per person per night , giving its customers the mad idea to put a towel on the lounger to cool it for the night . german visitors to continental europe have long known that many german tourists — especially the elderly , — get up early and rent rooms as soon as the rooms open and use the towels all day , even when they aren ' t beside the pool . people on social media have created scenes that show this as rooms open and guests rush in , grabbing towels at random places . the sun has featured the story on a front page ad , featuring a poolside lounge chair covered with a union flag with the headline " british lead germany in buying sunbeds . wish you were british ? " . to show the feeling is mutual , the newspapers say that the british are the real bed ##bed ##rs . the german newspaper bild , for example , says " wait a minute : the british are worse than the germans , aren ' t they ? " thomas cook , the british travel company ,with inventing the package holiday , in his way , sticking with careful planning . basically , the company says the holiday is by choice . anyone can vote for a small sign on the poolside wall that shows a reserved seat . the plan should last 30 days in the future . thomas cook says the holidays will be displayed on a wall with a compass to help people determine whether different locations will be in the sun or not at different times of year . only a portion of them will be advertised , so those who don ' t want to go , will vote for reserved seats ( the poolside version of open seating — , like us . " " package holidays are a thing of the past , " says thomas cook ' s u . s . marketing director chris mottershead . " hotels always want to expand their offerings , choosing and matching the holidays that best suit their needs and interests . "