medium and small businesses are expected to expand their use of machine learning by the end of 2018 , according to a 2018 report from financial research firm deloitte . the number of machine learning applications and services will double by the end of 2018 , and it will double from that number by the end of 2020 , deloitte ' s report said . china spent $ 6 billion on the technology in 2017 , and that is expected to increase to $ 23 . 6 billion by 2021 . deloitte identified four factors that have held back machine learning adoption : too many people , high costs , people being too busy , competitive markets , and government regulation . place : # ##time : artificial intelligence ( by microsoft research ) the current trend is how as the technology grows , buy - in from businesses will increase , whether they ' re using it to improve efficiency or develop new products . if businesses choose to not use the technology , they will be leaving the others . the report looked at several emerging technologies , including augmented reality ( ar ) . one billion smartphones will display ar data at least once in 2018 , the report said , with 500 million viewing it at least once . unlike what appears to simply be an online image , like snapchat or instagram , it will beto find content for mobile devices . that year , forbes listed ar as one of the top app trends of 2017 . deloitte estimates that revenue from ar on smartphones will reach $ 1 billion by 2020 , up tenfold from 2018 . with the market continuing to grow , developers and publishers may need to find ways to incorporate ar into their app to stay up - to - date and engage consumers . while deloitte reported less than $ 100 million in mobile app revenue for ar content downloads in 2018 , it could drive growth in other markets . the ability to directly access ar content could be a significant advantage to consumers looking to buy or upgrade apps . in recent news for air travel , the deloitte report has found in - flight connectivity ( hip ) to be up 50 % in 2018 . one - third of all air passengers will be on a plane with access to the internet . air travelers will have a better chance they will be able to communicate over the air , allowing them to get their business done in advance . the next big thing for techrepublic is ##hip will increase their use of machine learning by the end of 2018 , the 2018 deloitte report says . so far , the trend has been held back by patents , legal fees ,high costs , and few benefits . the projected growth , expected to reach $ 57 . 5 billion in revenue by 2021 , shows how ai is being increasingly used as a business tool . those not already keen on using machine learning in their businesses will need to adapt , or risk being left behind . stay tuned , click here to listen to the techrepublic tech blog you can use here . see below .