new york ( ap ) — said rizzo had taken quite a liking to the leadoff hitter . the day after hitting a leadoff homer in his first mlb game in the batting order , the chicago cubs ' 240 - pound ( 109 - pound ) first baseman hit it again . rizzo drove in ##ingly ' s first run over the right - field fence at citi field for his first home run of the season there , causing some high - spirits from the fans in the stands . " i am probably the greatest leadoff hitter of all - time , " rizzo said after the game . " i would like to believe that . " mets starter ian happ followed with his second homer for a 1 - 0 victory over the new york mets , who then rallied for a 5 - 2 victory . rizzo was asked on twitter , saying that he hit his leadoff homer against boston in the playoffs . " that ' s kind of funny that they make up what we talk about in the media a lot . that ' s just me and my team and they ' re doing that on tv , " he said . " we talk all the time now , just like , ' hey , it ' s going to be 1 - 1 , ' '" going to be 4 - 1 tonight . but you can ' t just hit a home run off a pitcher , especially one ##ingly , and to put it out there , i ' m not really comfortable with saying that . but i like doing it in the clubhouse , walking around , letting loose . " the next day , rizzo hit zack wheeler ' s first pitch and threw 462 feet to go , completing a 4 - 3 defeat of the mets . happ hit a grand slam off wheeler in the ninth inning . hoping to impress his new teammates , manager joe maddon placed rizzo back on base — making the all - star shortstop the only mets player to start at the top of the order this season . the defending world series champion finished 2008 with a . 306 on - base percentage from the leadoff hitter , which ranked third in the league . " you just go with it . it ' s great , " rizzo said afterwards . " when you go back - to - back games , it gets the fans all excited . and remember , by the way , to top off the day , i ' m the best there ever was . for me . " _ _ _ _ ap news : http : / / apnews .com / mlb / mlbbaseball