your first look at fast - breaking news , current events and the topics that will be read about here : 1 . suicide car explosion in nyc . the only visible injuries from the blast during the morning rush hour were to the suicide bomber himself , who police believe was killed by radical religious groups . 2 . what a statement roy blunt is making to congress on the eve of the presidential debate , the moderate republican reveals himself as the victim of a nationwide wave of false allegations of sexual misconduct with women . 3 . # metoo america returns to politics . republicans urge democrats to drop their allegations of sexual misconduct against the president , and a number of democratic senators demand his resignation . 4 . how russia is managing russia ' s strong economy . the russian president declares " victory " over iran during a state visit to a military base there , and travels to iran and iraq , demonstrating his country ' s military capabilities . 5 . wind - driven wildfire strikes california . fall , hail and heavy rains cause people to gasp for breath . a large forest fire spreads quickly , becoming the fifth largest in america . 6 . which one will hit the ground ? climate scientists from the u . s . and europe have awarded millions of dollars in grants toreturns to florida for the start of trump ' s second term . 7 . army opens doors to new recruits . people will be allowed to serve in the military on nov . 1 , when trump ' s smoking ban becomes a mandatory requirement . 8 . worldwide , an economic miracle the u . s . estimates the global economy is growing at over 50 % — the annual gdp since 2011 — and a significant increase from last year . 9 . celebrity chef steps down from culinary career the move came after mario batali stated that allegations of sexual harassment " catch up " to his own . 10 . bears qb suffers season - ending injury the bears ' carson wentz , a favorite in the nfl quarterback draft , suffered a torn left acl and will miss the rest of the season and the playoffs .