los angeles ( ap ) — chris pratt has declined all offers to do commercials , but recently accepted an audition for an upcoming super bowl for — beer because he loves beer . pratt will make his commercial on television in a series of commercials for michelob beer . " i ' ve seen every single super bowl since 1985 , " pratt said . " i ' m a super bowl fan , and i always feel very connected not only to it and to the nfl and the super bowl , but also to the world . . . that ' s really the most important thing for me , and it feels good to be part of that , because i ' m a living symbol in the world of pop culture . " the cast of the " real world " and " guardians of the galaxy " tv shows has said that appearing in a super bowl commercial could " shake things up " for him completely . " the super bowl launched people ' s careers — like whitney houston , " pratt said from his position on the set of the michelob commercial . " she sang the national anthem at the super bowl and it was just the beginning of the whole thing , and then it launched her career . . . and i ' m so glad this is my whitney houston national anthem commercial . " she is also a grammy -big , when she was at the olympics in 1991 . pratt was among the world ' s highest - paid actors this year , according to forbes . he joined this year ' s list of actors appearing in super bowl commercials , including bill haddish , cindy crawford and morgan freeman . the airtime paid for a 30 - second commercial this year is more than $ 1 million this year . pratt , however , said he wanted the role much as he would a big - name actor . he had made up his weight for his next film , " cowboy meets cowboy , " so he would be in better shape for the commercial shoot . " if i ' m going to be taking my weight off . . . in front of a million people , i want to look good , " he said , " and we work really hard . " the film , titled " the perfect fit , " is about combining a healthy diet with alcohol - induced sex . pratt had lost 20 pounds after playing horse - thief in the previous " cowboy " film . incorporating alcohol into his role " changed everything , " he said . " it ' s been such an easy transition , " he said . " i look better . i feel better . " his hobby is going outdoors . pratt enjoys spending time in the outdoors withthe ranch he owns in california doesn ' t just keep him running , it keeps him alive . he especially likes the trail system that leads through the mountains and down to the river . " i feel the world change when i am walking like that , and i feel very close to and close to god and close to god , " he says . " i think anytime you can just sit and enjoy this place , it makes you feel better . " _ _ _ _ ap film director adam cohen at www . youtube . com / youknowsandy .