the ( ap ) — it is a dream come true for u . s . - based climate scientists — the luxury of all - expenses - paid living in france to conduct their research in france instead of in the united states . the us president donald trump , one of the winners said . french scientist camille simon and american scientist richard sanderson were among the 20 other scientists , including two based in the u . s . , who were the recipients of french entrepreneur emmanuel ##le ' s " make our world beautiful ! " research grant . trump announced the award during a brief speech in paris on friday evening , ahead of a global summit that included more than 100 world leaders in the french capital city . in an interview with the associated press , parmesan expressed disappointment at the prospect of spending the next two years conducting her research in france instead of the united states . a graduate from the university of texas at austin , she is a leader in the debate on how climate affects society . she lived for a few years in the united states for health reasons and was considering moving to the u . s . until trump ' s election . " france very , very much has been actively trying to change climate in the u . s . a . and in theclimate change , " she said . " and it ' s hard for two reasons : it is now almost impossible , and in a negative sense . " she agreed with emmanuel ##le ' s call for american scientists to continue work in france , even after france ' s rejection of the paris climate agreement . " it gave me such a tremendous boost , it was so good to have that kind of support , to have the secretary of state let you do what you do , " she said . parmesan , who says she is looking forward to mastering her skills , will be working at an experimental weather station in the pyrenees mountains . sanderson , who now lives in the u . s . , told the ap that he found it " very interesting " that france is " still funding climate research . " he said his decision was motivated by " the fact that france is making a stand for doing climate change research , and that it ' s very difficult to get more funding from the u . s . " sanderson continues to work at the national center for atmospheric research in boulder , colorado , studying impacts and risks of climate change . for the next two years , he will be based in montpellier , in southern france , where the country ' s national weather service is based.