macedonian prime minister zoran zaev announced on wednesday that the proposed name change for his country would be subject to a national referendum . his announcement came after the former yugoslav republic of macedonia and greece appeared to be nearing agreement on a name - change for athens ' northern neighbor . " we agree on the terms and conditions of the change , " zaev told athens . he said the details would be revealed in a conference call with his greek counterpart alexis tsipras on wednesday , or thursday . " we ' ll only know all the details later , " zaev said . the name change dates back to 1991 when macedonia declared its independence from war - torn yugoslavia , and the macedonian ##s chose the name " republic of macedonia . " the macedonian name means greece . ancient macedonia or macedonia was an ancient state that occupied territory that today is in greece . the macedonian king alexander the great was also known as alexander i of macedonia . fearing that the greek nation might have territorial claims , greece proposed that their northern neighbor be referred to as the former yugoslav republic of macedonia , or fyrom . that is the name under which they were admitted to the united nations in 1993 . as a member of both nato and the european union , greece has veto power over both names , and as thethat is to prevent their citizens from joining international organizations . regarding other names greece is demanding that the name change for the new country be approved with a constitutional amendment and for it to be subject to the " erga omnes " ( " towards all " ) legal framework , if it is to be applied , both in and outside of greece . other countries , including the united states and canada , have already recognized the name as " macedonia . " prime minister zaev said voters in other countries would have to approve the name before it could be put to a national referendum . he said that the time between the approval and the referendum would be " about a month , " and that the referendum would likely be held in september or october . zaev also said it was important to resolve the issue , ahead of the nato meeting held on september 11 - 12 . " we want to give greece more time to send a proposal to nato , " said of the meeting , he said . among the names being considered were " western macedonia " and " eastern macedonia . " the latter is not a possibility , a senior nato official told reuters . zaev , however , remained close - mouthed about the other names . " he would not comment on those names , "" add to the list , " zaev told him , " because we are in the first step of a new solution for a more than 50 - year - old problem . " bik / ap ( email , ap ) every morning at 1830 hours , dw ' s reporters send in a list of the day ' s breaking news and investigative journalism stories . you can sign up to read them all online .