new ap ( ap ) — snoop dogg will be opening super bowl 51 with three of his live shows : worship and praise , the bet ' s annual pre - super bowl concert tour and the fan party . the big game also features performances by jennifer lopez , rihanna , cardi b and the chainsmokers . super bowl 51 will take place thursday at the u . s . cellular field in philadelphia , where the philadelphia eagles will take on the new england patriots . the one of the week , however , is justin timberlake : before he starts the halftime show , he will have a fan party tonight at macarthur park for his new single , " song of the year , " to be released tomorrow . rihanna will also do double duty : she will perform the national anthem at the big game , and will perform a special friday night at nfl live ! at the armory . friday ' s events include the rolling stone fan party with migos , michael jackson and t - pain ; ellie goulding and kygo at the armory ; and golden globe - nominated " voice " winner issa rae performing at the nfl ' s annual " in the making " women ' s game for pregnant women . rae ' s " voice " co - host , yvonne orji , and co - hostnetwork ' s happy hour with host david gray on friday , where guests include faith hill , sheila e . , donnie mcclurkin , naomi watts and tye tribbett . it will also host the ea sports concert with imagine dragons , machine gun kelly and mura , at the stadium , while the chainsmokers will perform at the bowl . lopez will host the directv super bowl night , — a concert taylor swift performed at last year . rihanna will hold a party friday with cardi b and post malone , while dave matthews band and florida georgia line will also host concerts that night . it ' s the first time snoop dogg hosts dj mustard ' s the weekend after . ( he will also host a party saturday for his new netflix series , " ultimate fighter . " ) kelly clarkson and sheila e . will perform together outside of the super bowl on friday , while diddy , dj khaled , french montana , cardi b , g - eazy and busta rhymes will perform at the first ever jingle night , before the game .