for a free show , conference , and demonstration ? here are the latest news : drupal developers have prepared a security patch for release on friday . drupal developers are trying to implement it . last month ' s drupalgeddon 2 vulnerability is now being exploited by at least three different malware attacks . once again , the developers of drupal are preparing an entirely out - of - date patch for a new vulnerability in the windows security management system . the technical advisory states that the patch will be released between 1 : 00 - 18 : 00 utc on june 30 , 2018 . ( for windows , that is , 1 : 00 - 2 : 00 utc on the same day , during broad daylight hours . ) patches will be released for the 8 . x , 8 . 3 . x , and 8 . 5 . x versions of drupal . the details of the patch are unknown , and the developers have not released any details of the nature of the vulnerability prior to the release of the patch . however , the update does state that it is a follow - up to the patch released last month in response to the " drupalgeddon 2 " security bug , which led to a conflict over how php , changes in security , and drupal' s use of the symbol ( # ) at the end of public keys to perform arithmetic operations that would result in similar attacks . in order to fix that bug , an additional sanitation bug was added to / / / / . php . the drupal project . the researcher adam arciszewski of the site said that the sanitation bug " definitely doesn ' t involve changing the php code . " source : computer security performance reporting system ( code ##r ##s ) despite the need to pre - date an apparently out - of - date patch by the author , still the drupal attacks remain unpatched . the muhstik botnet has been detected by netlab 360 on several drupal servers and by xmrig and cgminer cryptocurrency management systems . the netlab 360 report said that spreading was still occurring from the beginning with vulnerable drupal servers . the botnet is also spreading since - including vulnerabilties from clipbucket , dasannetwork ##er , webdav , weblogic , webuzo , and wordpress , the report said . in addition to muhstik , several other types of malware have also been identified as being spreadingthe internet . content management systems such as drupal , as well as blogging sites like wordpress , are common targets for attacks , due to their anonymous nature . drupal ' s alexa statistics currently show the site controls over 1 . 5 million users . in addition , drupal has been subject to multiple attacks , as the original " drupalgeddon " sql injection report from 2014 stated . for instances of drupal attacks that for some reason are unable to be detected , the ##lab ' s web security tool provides support for the original drupalgeddon sql injection to prevent attackers from taking advantage of these websites . if interested , click here to go to the techrepublic cybersecurity forum www . security forum .