new york ( ap ) — allison mack , the child actress who starred in the cw network ' s " smallville , " was let out of jail on bail and ended with a courtroom scene in a courthouse where she ' s charged with helping young women become sex slaves for the benefit of a self - defense fund in upstate new york . a federal judge in california agreed to release mack , who was arrested last night , on $ 1 million bail and put her under house arrest in california . she ' ll be staying with her parents at their home in los alamitos while she stands trial . mack , 35 , dressed in her street clothes for her first court appearance . she only managed to say " no " when the judge asked her if she met the following conditions . among those were : no contact with current or former members of the secretive organization known as nxivm . she ' ll also be subject to constant surveillance and restrictions on internet and phone access . by the time she left the courthouse less than two hours later , she had changed into a leather jacket , black slacks and sneakers . she stared straight ahead in disbelief as she and her parents walked through the crowd and to a waiting car , with at least two people hovering over each other and the##pling to the people in the street . the actress played chloe kent , a childhood friend of mack , in " smallville . " since that series ended in 2011 , she has had several recurring roles . mack said she helped recruit victims for nxivm through keith raniere by telling them that they were in a secret sexual mentorship program , prosecutors said . reportedly , the victims " were abused , both sexually and for their money , " and were branded with raniere ' s name , prosecutors said . federal agents raided a house in california where nxivm was headquartered in 2004 . the organization also ran operations in mexico . raniere , 18 , was arrested in mexico , fled to the u . s . on march 22 and was being held without bail in mexico on drug - trafficking charges . at the time of raniere ' s arrest , she was staying with him at a luxury hotel in puerto vallarta , according to court documents .