a look at what ' s happening out here ! : test of the waters after wrapping up the series at busch stadium on friday night , jose altuve and the world series champion astros return home to play the 2017 world series against boston . after a three - game series in boston last year , that left three world series for teams that lost in last year ' s postseason . joe carter jr . ( 1 - 2 , 4 . 00 era ) wins the first of a three - game series against red sox ace justin pomeranz ( 2 - 2 , 4 . 00 era ) . also on the road , closer clayton kershaw is set to return to the mound at home against the philadelphia phillies . the two - time nl cy young award winner has been on the disabled list for over a month with right biceps strain . he is 1 - 2 with a 3 . 00 era this season . tony nola ( 1 - 2 , 3 . 00 era ) pitches for the phillies . battle of the nl east the yankees and phillies , in a tight race with the phillies for the top spot in the nl east , play a three - game series in philadelphia . tanner roark ( 1 - 2 , 4 . 00 era ) pitches for boston against the' s sean casey ( 5 - 1 , 2 . 00 era ) . ' rock bottom ' in brooklyn on wednesday night , the new york mets have been struggling , and first - year manager paul callaway is looking for a way out . but nothing has gone right since new york lost their fifth straight game on april 13 . the mets are 1 - 17 since starting the season 0 - 7 . but the mets did win a majority of their games against brooklyn with a 3 - 3 record on tuesday . " we ' ve hit rock bottom the last few days and we have to get out of it , " callaway said after the game . new york has five players on the disabled list , starting pitchers yoenis cespedes and mike frazier , catcher adam swarzak and closer travis d ' arnaud . * not applicable . derek miller has been cleared to undergo a full mri . the mets ' all - star pitcher has pain in his left knee . miller , who was on the disabled list for the third time in the past month because of pain in his knee , visited a doctor in new york on wednesday . the team doctor dr . john altchek confirmed his initial diagnosis and the left - hander will " make a good contribution " tophysical therapy . " while there is no plan for him to return , the fact that he doesn ' t need surgery and can continue playing is good news for the team . _ _ _ _ ap reference : http : / / apnews . com / ap / mlbbaseball