cardiff , wales ( ap ) — - with their best performance in a decade , england won ' t miss breaking the longest drought in international 50 - over cricket this year . needing to beat india in the champions trophy final on debut , england went down to an embarrassing five - wicket defeat at sophia gardens . " the game we played was on the wicket , which put us off the radar a little bit , and none of our players managed to get out , " england captain eoin morgan said . " it ' s a huge disappointment because i think we ' ve played some good games in this competition so far , and we weren ' t even close to that level . " morgan , who called it a " pretty good " performance , questioned his claims to have been over - confident with england being seen to be on track for only a run of five defeats in the 50 - over competition , including runners - up in the 2004 and 2013 champions trophy . " we played against some very good teams today , and we ' ve managed to beat them . but that hasn ' t gone to our advantage at all , " he said . england suffered a shock defeat in the group stage of the 2015 cricket world cup and , looking forward to the 2019 tournament in india , morgan described the result ofthis bold move wouldn ' t change the overall image of his team . " you know , one of the biggest positive ##s towards keeping our table and playing really good cricket in the early years is that we ' ve stayed true to what we believe in and what ' s called for for the next couple of years , and i think that ' s the best hope for the future . " i think it will have to be in the way the team moves in the next few years in the lead - up to the world cup , saying " i think we ' re moving in the right direction . " england didn ' t see much action on debut , except for opener jonny bairstow . bairstow made the mark by scoring 80 , almost as good as the australian batsman roy ##le in an innings this season . bairstow ' s eight - wicket innings was all the more impressive since it was the first time he had played for england — and he missed the ball . he had some grace to it , however . that included an extremely good leg - before - wicket catch against pakistan in the second innings from right - arm quick junaid khan . more good form was to follow for the 33 - year - old bairstow . aged 28 , he was replaced by azhar ali ,with a high midwicket off rumman raes . at lunch , bairstow was dropped after falling victim to a drop goal by pakistan captain sarfraz ahmed , and brought in at slip for shadab hasan . bairstow then threw the ball to mohammad azam at slip but he couldn ' t catch it and nor could dismiss hasan either . bairstow ' s luck ran out in the next over with a low hook out to mohammad hafeez at short - leg off hasan . _ _ _ ap sports writer steve smith responded to this comment .