taipei ( taiwan province ) — the first shipment of spent fuel rods destined for the fourth nuclear power plant had already been shipped out of taiwan on monday morning , but officials have yet to respond , according to a cna report . the report said that two ships , carrying fuel rods were waiting in keelung harbor in southern taiwan for the rods to be lifted onto the first ship , as those involved with the operation looked on . a man wearing a helmet bearing the words “ nuclear control unit ” refused to make a comment when asked by a cna official whether the rods were being transported out of the harbor , the official said . someone wearing a “ lungmen power plant ” ( the name for the fourth nuclear power plant ) helmet raised his hand , indicating that he didn ’ ##1 want to make a comment either , according to the report . up to 20 police officers from keelung city police department were on the scene to inspect the site , and none of them were allowed to talk about the incident , according to the report . a pickup truck bearing the words “ lungmen nuclear power plant ” was parked beside the building , and on the back were a few yellow stripes among other things , with company logos and the words “ un3328 nuclear plant , " cna said . after the incidentonce loaded , the ship left the port . state - owned taiwan power company ( taipower ) didn ’ t want to disclose that the company was only shipping out the first batch of the fourth nuclear power plant ’ the fuel rods under an emergency , according to the report . liu wen - chung ( 劉 文 忠 ) , head of the nuclear waste management department of the atomic energy commission , said his department had approved taipower ’ ' decision to ship the fuel rods out , the report said . taipower plans to turn the fourth nuclear power plant into a large industrial complex , and ship the 1 , 744 fuel rods from the plant out of the country by the end of 2020 , a plan the report said would cut costs and save about $ 100 million in value in one year .