los angeles ( ap ) — helen mirren said her 2013 film " haunted " wasn ' t a horror film , but rather a ghost story with japanese characters and a distinctly american perspective — the psychological effects of domestic violence . mirren plays the real - life helen winchester , a 19th - century heiress who made a large fortune from her husband ' s invention of the winchester repeating rifle shortly after the civil war . in the film , she says she is haunted by those killed by the rifle , which allowed for more accurate shooting than other firearms . " it ' s a ghost story , something in the tradition , the very long tradition , of japanese ghost stories , japanese mythology , " mirren said in a 2014 interview . " you see , the japanese love ghost stories and have a belief in the power of the ancestral spirits , of the ancestors , as other cultures do . " most of the film was shot at winchester ' s home in san jose , california , where she lived until the death of her husband in 1881 . now known as the " winchester mansion house , " it is a popular tourist attraction and has more than 100 rooms , one million windows , one hundred bedrooms and fifty bathrooms . despite the legends surrounding winchester ' s death , she kept constant surveillance of the house to try toand the people she thought were haunting her . " there are many ways that she did this , " mirren said . " and many of the ones that we see in the film . she was trying to raise the ghosts of the people who ' d been killed in the # ##s . she felt their deaths very deeply . she felt them . she felt the weight of their deaths upon them . and she was trying , in her own way , to raise their ghosts . " regarding " america ' s " title , mirren , however , said the film wasn ' t intended to make any political statement about gun ownership in america . " what i like about america and i think . . . about america is that it doesn ' t deal with whether you can buy guns or drugs . that ' s kind of not the issue , " she said . " the film is about putting the moral decision and the weight of that decision upon the people who make their fortune from making things — whether they ' re guns , drugs , drugs . . . . whatever that is . it puts the moral decision upon the people who make their fortune from guns and , i would tell the biggest companies in the world they would like to see it . . . to see it . . .and " my way . "