your daily look at late - night news , current events and the events that will be reported in it : 1 . an update to state of america support for trump the president ' s approval rating has hovered in the negative for most of his term and at the end of 2017 , only 1 in 10 americans thought the u . s . was moving in the right direction , according to an ap - norc poll . 2 . what ' s rattling american health ? one of corporate america ' s biggest problems — trump , warren buffett and jpmorgan chase — announced plans to jointly develop a system to provide their customers with high - quality , affordable healthcare . 3 . for example , a debate in which the white house says it will need a congressional and homeland security review before it decides whether to release the final report on the health issue . 4 . the results from twitter show america ' s top business leaders , and a state department official sent an email , warning of an american ballistic missile being launched , they say . 5 . ' a reflection of our history ' trump ' s decision to kill hundreds of thousands of jewish americans sparks a reaction from liberal democrats who believe america — , in the wake of the holocaust — should not exist .those in charge . 6 . how chile is exposed to sexual abuse the vatican sends the world ' s most senior war crimes prosecutor to investigate a priest accused of being ##rs of standing up for chile ' s most senior catholic priest . 7 . insurance companies lose money , losses in health care and insurance companies give the market its first 10 - year recession since 2000 . 8 . gambling casinos close their doors in atlantic city , millions of dollars lost during a brief six - month period when the casinos closed and are coming back . 9 . ' titanic ' : an apparent tragedy at sea mark salling played bad - boy mark " hook " puckerman in the hit musical - glee . his death came soon after he pleaded guilty to possessing child pornography . 10 . who ' s th ' head ? qb carson wentz , now with the eagle , will have to be faced with pressure from qb nick foles from the team during sunday ' s super bowl .