the first amendment grants individuals freedom of speech , however , it does not give them freedom from censorship of their speech , said the author and blogher co - founder , camahort ##e . also , a google employee was fired after receiving a leaked memo saying he can ' t work in the software industry because of several factors . google used this memo to shed light on how companies can have free speech in the workplace . see : google disciplinary action . ( see # ##s ) in the case of the leaked memo , the employee was fired not because he broke a contract , but because he violated a company policy . " when companies talk about having free speech and employees are able to be free to express their opinions , what they say is not ' how to make a product ' but ' how to use their services , ' she said . " they have to have different points of view about creating the best possible product . " this freedom of expression in the workplace isn ' t an excuse to go into political activity , and most companies don ' t want you to do that , she said . it often becomes a major issue for a company when its employees make negative comments about their employees — working in an environment where privacy is important — because it affects employees ' confidence , and how thebest practices . see : federal sexual harassment act ( social security act ) page said that companies of any size should have a code of conduct for internal and external harassment . companies have more rules in place for the type of communication that ' s appropriate for their employees and their business . companies should also ensure that they represent the company when talking about anything related to their business . " this should be easy for customers and employees to understand , " she said . page said that all companies with over 100 employees should have an hr level . once a company reaches that level , there are a lot of policies and procedures that need to be put in place . " there are many important things that you should do at that level , that ' s the important thing , and if you ' re not doing them , you ' re missing something . " is the key to achieving business success with these policies on hr communication , communication , and coping with day - to - day problems . link to techrepublic ' s hr page ##s . html see also :