reuters ( ap ) — the trump administration allowed a top russian intelligence official visit the united states wednesday night for meetings with u . s . officials , even though there were sanctions against him that would prevent such meetings , " on wednesday . the russian ambassador to the u . s . , anatoly antonov , said on russian national tv that sergei naryshkin , head of the russian foreign intelligence service , spoke with his u . s . counterpart about the sanctions against russia . the visit came less than a week after president donald trump decided not to impose any further sanctions against russian politicians and journalists for their influence in the u . s . government . senate majority leader chuck schumer , r - n . y . , a vocal critic of trump ' s treatment of russian president vladimir putin and his government , said the timing of the visit was unfortunate . " this is a serious national security issue , " schumer told ap . " russia controls our government . we hacked the use of their foreign intelligence , and now the trump administration allowed him to walk through our front door . this is an obvious breach of protocol by president trump , who is more intent on maintaining the rule of law in this country than standing up to russia . " schum##er wants to know whether plans were made , whether naryshkin ever met with white house or russian security officials and whether any other russian citizens came along on the trip . naryshkin was arrested in 2014 in response to russia ' s annexation of crimea . the fbi released a statement saying that while they did not investigate the activities of u . s . intelligence agencies , " we assured that any interaction with these intelligence agencies would have been conducted in accordance with u . s . law and in cooperation with other countries and agencies . " david schanzer , a security expert at the center for the study of terrorism , said that often , people who have been arrested have their passports frozen and are banned from entering the united states . he said there are cases where people from other countries enter the united states without receiving permission to attend meetings at the united nations . incidents like naryshkin ' s arrest are very common , schanzer said . " we don ' t see this kind of thing being done very often , " he said . _ _ _ associated press reporters richard miller in washington and vladimir isachenkov in moscow responded to this article .