wellington , new zealand ( ap ) — 2014 squad sam warburton has been selected on the wing in a surprise selection by the british and irish lions for their match against the new zealand maori in rotorua on saturday . coach warren gatland had said he would have a match - ready test squad to face the maori , a year away from the season - opening match against new zealand . " if the lineup gatland picked on friday is his preferred one , it is no surprise . warburton has been out with an ankle injury on monday and played 68 minutes , scoring a try in the lions ' 24 - 22 loss to the dunedin - based highlanders on tuesday . he still seems out of game , and sean o ' brien has been picked ahead of warburton on the openside flank . munster ' s sean o ' mahony will captain the lions from the left wing ; the third captain the lions will have used in four years on tour after warburton , alun wyn ##dham and john owens . " sam is a natural leader with munster and never took a wrong move and we hope that those two qualities will serve him well on tour against a strong and experienced touring all blacks side , " gatland said . the lions also set a trap for the##half , replacing ben murphy to alternate with irish scrumhalf conor murphy and new zealand no . 8 matt farrell on the wing . the backline also provides a core of the lions ' starting lineup with leigh matthews at centre , matt smith and matt farrell on the wing and matt smith and new zealand - born fiji international david te ' o in defence . in the centres , centre jamie murphy will alternate with forwards tadhg murphy and george vunipola while ben kruis and maro itoje start in the second row . lions ' no . 8 taulupe faletau joins the new backrow with o ' mahony and o ' brien . gatland also coached the lions ' lineup that came up against the highlanders , using the style of defensive coaching that he has used throughout the season . " we are very disappointed with the game against the highlanders and feel that we need to improve in all aspects of our game , " gatland said . " but we feel that overall we are doing well towards the winning team . " this game is a big one which is what we need and this is an incredible rugby experience with 11 of the top players here since the first test against fiji in 2013 . " the lions beat fiji 2 - 0in their first test match . _ _ _ british and irish lions : steve smith , steve jones , david jones , david te ' o , paul smith , michael smith , conor murphy ; taulupe faletau , sean o ' brien , sean o ' mahony ( c ) , johan kruis , maro itoje , tadhg murphy , jamie murphy , david vunipola . australia : ben clarke , matthew mcgrath , kyle sinckler , iain henderson , mark warburton , greig laidlaw , david jones , elliot daly .