an unknown google bug reported by a reddit user is causing a lot of people to scratch their heads : when searching " the1975 . . com " ( aka the red herring ) the user had one of his own text messages appear on screen instead of the one he was searching for . other reddit users chimed in saying that they were expecting the same result , with some even expressing disappointment when they did a search for " vizela viagens " ( a travel agency in the reddit user ' s home country ) , and the results all came with similar results online . reddit users with a wide variety of mobile devices said they were disappointed as well . also there is a joke saying that if you type " my text message " into the search engine you get the same result . what this means for how people can be sent text messages is unknown . is it a security issue ? google has yet to release a statement about the bug , and without public acknowledgement of the bug and its cause it ' s difficult to determine if there is a real risk of security issues . most interesting is the possibility that the bug is due to an exploit , as pointed out in an article in mspoweruser : " upon testing , we found out that an android device withgoogle assistant addresses this issue . it isn ' t clear if this is a deliberate action by google or " a software glitch that [ lets ] users manipulate the information stored on the device . " source : mobile - computing policy ( tech policy . ) google assistant has been trying to read text messages aloud for some time , with the slim possibility that it has only a few google search results that would solve the security problem . those concerned about the privacy and security of their text messages should protect themselves , and the rest is simple . use the settings app , tap on the apps button , and then read the messages from the settings app . there ' s a good chance this isn ' t anything more than a software hack , but taking steps to protect your text messages is good to know just in case . the following goes for this policy : some users are reportedly reading their text messages from google search results when typing in names like " the1975 . . com " or " vizela viagens . " it ' s not clear at this point if there is a security issue inherent in this bug . it ' s more likely that this is a bug related to google assistant ' s ability to read text messages aloud . if you ' re not concerned about theor you can access google ' s security service through the google security app . learn about the various threats and bugs by subscribing to our cybersecurity news newsletter . go to .