the ( ap ) — the european union on sunday that it was ready to strike back " immediately and immediately " if u . s . president donald trump takes aggressive trade measures against the six - nation alliance . the ap ' s warning came less than 24 hours after trump expressed his dissatisfaction with eu trade policy , saying it " may turn into something very big . " the warning contrasted sharply with those during the presidency of barack obama , when both parties worked to achieve a comprehensive free trade agreement between the eu and united states that trump estimated could generate over $ 100 billion a year for both countries . when trump won the presidential election in november 2016 , those concerns increased as the new president talked about cutting income taxes and warned against international trade practices that he saw as contrary to his " america first " policy . on sunday , trump said in a live television interview that " the european union has been very , very unfair to the united states , and i think it ' ll turn out to be very unfair to their people . " trump said that his trade policy with the eu " may turn into something very big from that point , from a european perspective . " in the past , trump had hinted at taking action against trade practices he believed were unfairthe u . s . vs . japan this year raised tariffs on domestic solar - panel panels and domestic washing machines in a bid to protect u . s . consumers , and against imports from japan and south korea . his administration has also pulled out of the strategic partnership agreement and is working to strengthen the north american free trade agreement . eu chief economist margaritis schinas said , that " the eu is ready to act quickly and efficiently in case our countries are affected by any unfair trade practices from the united states . " schinas added that " if trade has to be free and fair it also has to be market - based . " the eu first came to the fore during last year ' s world economic forum in davos , switzerland . in 2016 , official statistics show , the eu imported 246 billion euros ( $ 304 billion ) of goods from the u . s . , or about 362 billion euros ( $ 448 billion ) to the eu . germany has an average of that u . s . deficit of 116 billion euros ( $ 143 billion ) . in comparison , the u . s . deficit is much lower , of only about 1 billion euros ( $ 1 billion ) . the eu and germany both called for trade talks . an eu official ,steffen seibert , said that chancellor angela merkel pointed out in davos last year that her government is " an even stronger , more efficient , more self - sufficient partner that takes on the whole of europe . " " cooperation that is not directed against anyone , especially the united states of america , " seibert told reporters in berlin . " we look for cooperation , and for cooperation that is beneficial for both sides . " _ _ _ geir moulson of norway contributed to this initiative .