if you ' re expecting a computer built to the power of the apple ipod , and not the power of the macbook , then you might want to try out the lattepanda alpha . however , it ' s worth noting the lattepanda alpha is not a direct competitor . while the pi is around $ 300 , the lattepanda alpha starts at $ 289 . the difference is mainly in the price , with the lattepanda alpha having more in common with a smartphone than a high - end computer like the ipad . the lattepanda alpha uses the same range of intel processors as used in this year ' s 20 - inch macbook , the second generation , intel atom processor . backing up this processor is 8gb of ddr3 ram and 64gb of ram , with wireless ethernet , 802 . 11ac wi - fi and usb 2 . 0 ports , a usb usb - c port , 4k video output . while the phone ' s developers dfrobot claim the phone will work with windows phone only , they claim it will also be compatible with a variety of android - based devices . the board — which is about 50 % the size of the iphone 5 ##s — and claims to be able to rundesigned for people working in a wide range of fields , from robotics to internet of things , and as such have the right capabilities for connecting a wide - variety of software applications to the board . reference : product reference : the alpha pi the beta has 8 . 8 - pin connector for connecting to usb , as well as an arduino 2 co - processor . besides the pi , the board ' s creators will also release a version of the beta without the emmc chip for $ 269 , as well as the pre - specced lattepanda beta , which starts at $ 129 . the beta runs on an intel celeron n4100 processor , has 4gb of ram and also has many of the features of the alpha board , such as 802 . 11ac wi - fi and 2 gb usb 2 . 0 ports . the boards are being crowdfunded via kickstarter , and as of 2015 have reached their £72 , 611 funding goal , with just short of £97 , 000 , with 10 units left to build . dfrobot announced that the boards , which are also equipped with a 12 - inch lcd display , will release by christmas this year . it is also the first windows ce - based , andwere produced by the company , with an early board selling for around $ 50 . that later board was much lower specced and priced than the original , and it was the reason that the board ran without internal memory , resulting in the cpu being slowed to a lower speed . code : dfrobot image : dfrobot automatically sign up for techrepublic ' s open source software forum for " new ideas and features . " for information on the raspberry pi