a year ago , the national information science association ( snia ) conducted a 250 - page survey to collect information about how we should store data from 2007 when the year 2107 dawned , but it ' s becoming so complicated that the collected data and storage aren ' t even included in the 250 - page final report ( pdf ) . if at first you don ' t know , think " , snia has said . " it took us quite a while to put the final report together two years ago . we got a lot of positive feedback from people , " said john smith , chair of the snia data science association . " we found that as time goes on there ' s been a lot of change in the industry , not only in storage itself but also in a lot of the technologies and practices for storage and retrieval . " source : national data science association ( tech ##a ##s ) snia has announced that in the 2017 version of the survey — there are more questions about storage practices , records management , business processes , storage , security , storage , security , and storage . they want to increase the number of questions and include engineers , records managers , and researchers ( the 2007 survey focused on record management ) . also , there ' s a greater emphasis on how theit is open ended and confidential about the data , so that the company cannot publicly report it , rivera said . there are still many systems available that have 10 - year life based on current performance data , rivera said , but he said that these claims are difficult to fully verify because of using a delorean battery with a lithium battery . see : the microsoft case . data storage systems , in pdf ( zdnet / techrepublic online edition ) some of the key questions from the rivera case are : what is your organization doing to deal with data migration and long term archive integrity ? ( migration means physically moving data to different locations to ensure integrity . migration refers to the physical and logical ##ly — storing the data in a format that your organization can read and manipulate ? ) which applications produce data that is of particular importance to the long term integrity of archives ? ( accuracy is the ability to read the same data and to correctly interpret and use the content in the appropriate context . ) can you verify / verify the integrity of data produced by a particular storage system or administrator ? yes / no ? how ? do long - term archives require the use of specialized storage systems and / or administrators that differ from normal storage systems ? ifso , what are they ? snia plans to publish them in the second half of 2018 . he said that new issues would be much more frequent than a few years depending on market conditions . looking forward , he said , the next issue could include articles on dna sequencing , quantum memory , and quantum computing . keep up with news about data centers , data centers , and networking — go to our data center network sites . and come back