washington , d . c . ( ap ) — the president of the latino national civil rights coalition in the u . s . said that he had " written " a letter criticizing president donald trump ' s constitutional amendment that includes a border barrier after receiving several letters from politicians and activists . roger rocha , president of the coalition of united latin american citizens , said he wrote the letter at the request of the trump administration while the government was in preparation for an immigration reform bill . " it ' s just bad news because many people think this letter is about what the president said about immigration and the state of the country , " rocha said . " it ' s true . the letter is exactly what we said earlier . we can ' t help feeling that the president changed his mind . " rocha said earlier this week that the civil rights coalition would support his proposal for a visa and immigration reform in exchange for helping illegal immigrants come to the us illegally . " the four items which you have proposed , ( border security , daca policy , stopping the nuclear weapons and elimination of the visa and repurpose clause ) are things that lulac will support if they fall within the legal framework you have proposed , " rocha said in a letter dated june. . . " we urge you to remain active in what you have proposed in order to prevent any bill from being approved by congress . " the letter ' s criticism of the dream act and other restrictions on illegal immigration received mixed reactions from students and activists across the country who believed the restrictions would harm students . " like everyone else , we ' d like you to find a peaceful solution for daca issues , " said lulac president ralph arellanes of california , referring to the obama administration ' s affirmative action for new arrivals act . " support the bill . . . that ' s not the message you have to send . " on social media , some students and other activists criticized rocha for the letter and criticized him for supporting a bill they considered unconstitutional . california state lulac president carlos perez said rocha ' s letter was neither read nor endorsed by the governing board when it was published . " we are working together to resolve this difficult issue and remain active as a civil rights organization with new purpose and direction , " perez said in a statement . board members began circulating petitions calling for rocha to resign . rocha , of houston , texas , called the letter " unacceptable lulac behavior " and said he had no intention of stepping down .he said the ap is not turning its back on the justice system and doesn ' t support immigration laws that would prevent immigrants from legally blocking their country ' s entry into the u . s . " we are the only black civil rights group at the ap , " rocha said . " we will continue to work with the others . " _ _ _ associated press reporter russ contreras is a member of the ap ' s race and justice section . follow him on twitter : https : / / twitter . com / russcontreras