despite claims he was being racist , phil neville told reporters he loved the character and wanted to be a role model after taking on the " dream job " as manager of england ' s women ' s national football team . the decision to cast the former manchester city defender caused controversy that arose because of his lack of football experience and his twitter posts from years prior that were both racist and racist . " my character lives up to the criticism that has been directed at me , " neville said upon being presented with his new role . " i ' ve got my name now . i think i have a lot of influence in the community . " speaking for the first time about the comments , which he made in 2011 and ' 2012 when still a player at everton , neville said " they aren ' t funny , and they weren ' t good . " in one of the twitter posts from 2012 , neville said he hoped women would be " busy having sex / in bed ##ding / having babies " instead of playing football with him . the next day , he said he " never has money until it comes to paying the bills , " and another post read : " well , i ' m clean now - i am the clean ! ! ! much better ! !" neville denied that claim , saying it was referring to games of table tennis and golf he played with his wife on holiday , but that he was " shocked " that it was one that referred to domestic violence . " that sentence wasn ' t written out as a reference to domestic violence , " neville said . the 34 - year - old neville has taken charge of the no . 1 - ranked england team in the men ' s game , having previously had brief spells as an assistant coach with the england under - 21 men ' s team , manchester united and arsenal since retiring as a player in 2013 . he believes that is impossible . " i ' ve coached the best players in the men ' s game at the elite level and i think that the players i ' ll be coaching for the england men ' s team are good , top - level players at the elite level , " neville said . " for england to go from second to first in the world , i think they ' ll need a coach with that kind of experience . " i cannot be fully qualified for this job . . . the problems that we have in women ' s football and men ' s football are very different . the gap is huge . " neville said he wasn ' t taking the job .a " stepping stone " to higher positions in the government . " this , for me , is the biggest challenge , " neville said . " it doesn ' t get any easier than in your world . " _ _ _ steve on twitter : www . twitter . com / sdouglas80