the ( ap ) — the education department ' s decision to grant only partial relief to those financially defrauded by for - profit corporations could cut overall costs by about 50 percent , according to a preliminary report released by the associated press . the agency said in september that it was following the obama administration ' s policy of not paying off the loans of students sponsored by the now defunct community college under the so - called student loan freeze . the agency said that some students would now be getting only partial debt relief in order to keep the program efficient and protect them from additional costs . the agency would look at the costs for the programs to determine if the debt should be forgiven fully or not . a department report released in the fall and published by the ap shows that such an approach could cut the total amount of relief given to students by about 50 percent . to arrive at the final estimate , they looked at the loans that had been made with their funds to estimate the cost should the relief been granted . education department deputy secretary liz hill said in a statement tuesday , " this is not an accurate calculation from the department of education . it is an important thing to do at this point in the process . we have to estimate costs . " hill saidthe use of partial relief is controversial since millions of college students had already had their applications frozen in 2013 by obama . the school said in 2014 that it had tens of thousands of applications from college students still pending . the change came after education secretary betsy devos changed rules on student loans with respect to for - profit schools . that year she reversed the obama - era rules that were used to place additional restrictions on for - profits . critics point to the obama administration ' s interference with the media and accusing the government of funding private schools , but devos said that the obama rules are too broad and could be changed at students ' expense . eileen connor , a researcher for stanford university ' s center on private student loans , which also helps millions of private college students , criticized the change . " i think that is unfair , it ' s an example of the department of education taking the example of private schools and not doing better by those who have been influenced by them , " said connor . " and we have no intention of supporting the department ' s efforts in this regard . " when discussing the partial relief change , devos said that " school choice is free , and students get paid if the school they attend" yes . " " she added that the law also " protects individuals from being forced to pay legal costs that may be excessive . "