build a security system , security , or what ? these are the five questions : a new exam from microsoft , the aws certified security - specialty exam , will prove a cloud expert ' s ability to secure the aws data . these courses are in high demand , and their security expertise could help open job opportunities up . a new specialty exam from amazon web services ( aws ) will help cloud experts prove their ability to secure data in the cloud , according to the dallas morning news . the aws certified security - specialty exam is only open to those who hold either an advanced or cloud pro certification from aws . as stated by the post , aws requires that those taking the exam have at least five years experience working on cloud security and two years experience working on aws security . the exam will deal with such topics as " financial reporting , security and privacy , network security , identity and identity management , and information security , " the post states . the exam consists of 40 multiple choice questions and will typically take 90 minutes to complete . the exam fee is $ 25 . subject : cloud security policy ( cloud pro ##s ) according to the post , once the exam is completed , the pro ##er must have a working knowledge and understanding of the following :secure data protection on aws aws data integrity security and security systems and aws how to implement them secure security protocols and how to implement them on aws aws web services and applications additionally , the post recommended that those who take the exam should have greater confidence in dealing with aws security systems in detail , an understanding of security issues , and the " ability to make informed decisions with respect to cost , time , and operational effectiveness of a set of security systems . " for those wishing to study for the exam , the post recommended going to the aws security center and working on the advanced architecting of aws and security courses on aws software . advanced security courses on aws security software , compliance and compliance with aws security and database management , aws secure memory management , and aws advanced - architected security are also available . websites , blogs and online whitepapers can also help identify would - be test ##ers . if interested , click here to listen to the techrepublic information security blog . test ##r .