u . s . law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the calls at the same time they were investigating allegations that russia was attempting to influence the 2016 election by hacking into the republican national committee , one of the officials said , according to the times . the intelligence agencies also wanted to know whether the trump administration was collaborating with the russians in the hacking or their attempt to influence the election , the times said . the officials interviewed in subsequent interviews said they had found no evidence of russian involvement so far , they said . however , the russians alerted u . s . intelligence and law enforcement agencies , in part because of the type of conversation that was occurring while trump was speaking directly about russian president vladimir putin . the intercepted communications were derived from the wiretapped conversations that night between christopher flynn , trump ' s former national security advisor , and sergei v . kislyak , the russian ambassador to the united states , the times said . during those conversations , the two men discussed sanctions that the obama administration imposed on russia in december . flynn misled the white house about those sanctions and was forced to resign on monday morning . the white house did not immediately respond to a request from reuters for information on the intercepted communications . the times reported that the government said the intercepted communications were not madeto the campaign headquarters , and to other trump associates . on the russian side , the calls also included members of the russian government and the business community , the officials told the newspaper . all of the current and former advisers agreed on the importance of secrecy because the phone conversation is confidential , the newspaper reported . the officials said one of the people picked up on the call was michael manafort , who was trump ' s campaign manager for several months last year and had worked as a security consultant in russia and ukraine , the newspaper reported . the officials continued to question the other trump associates on the matter . manafort , who had not been charged with any crime , confirmed the involvement of the u . s . officials in a later interview with the times on sunday . many of trump ' s associates , including manafort , have done business in russia . it is not uncommon for u . s . officials to come into contact with russian intelligence officials , sometimes directly , in places like russia and ukraine , where the intelligence services are deeply involved in russia , according to the newspaper . law enforcement officials did not know to what extent the calls might have been in russia , the newspaper reported . russia would not release any details , including what they said about the calls , which russian intelligence officialstrump making the calls , and how many of trump ' s supporters were speaking to the media . it was also unclear whether the calls had anything to do with trump himself , the ap reported .