omdahl ' s column is a direct response to former city writer dan smith ' s article from that year , " big city : grand forks city and city of twin cities " ( issue a1 , p . 1 ) . as it stands , grand forks has always had a hard time getting to " go " to big things such as the olympics . " it seems — there ' s always this problem — when you talk to the people , they seem to take it seriously , " city # ##man dan smith writes in the column . the grand forks community shouldn ' t feel so bad , because north dakotans as a whole seem to have this resistance to access . that ' s because " north dakotans want access , even when it means more sitting on the bus , " omdahl says . " they want the idea — a ' name — in government . the different levels at which everyone can be a part of government . the whole idea that everybody is important and should ' have a say . ' " there ' s no real evidence of the touch - and - go system that has taken up much of grand forks ' central park . and what about fargo ? for that matter , what about fargo ? in some cases , fun - loving north dakotans have found the resources to makewell done . in 2004 , fargo voters approved an eight - month , one - cent sales tax to fund a new main library and two branch libraries with 51 % of the vote . and in 2006 , the chamber of commerce and community development committee have raised $ 1 million to build the rose bowl , in order to replace the depression - era facility ' s status as home of the national high - school track championships . it ' s always hard to compare places , because it ' s not possible to selectively pick places to make the comparison . and whenever grand forks talks about fargo or bismarck , you should remember city council ##man john sande ' s famous comment on bismarck ' s story : " my impression is that people ( in grand forks ) are generally happy . and when you ' re generally happy , your job is to advocate strongly for them . " but even small populations must differ from larger communities , especially where development and big projects are concerned . indeed , grand forks ' sense that fargo , in particular , has a high unemployment rate goes back not from decades but centuries . where employment is concerned , " fargo means jobs and grand forks means jobs , " a grand forks city council member said in a newspaper article on the issue in 2003 . grand forks 'they see us as being much closer to them than they were before . now , it ' s our hope that grand forks ' progress will continue , — that the city and its citizens will follow the grand forks health department ' s lead , in carrying out this ambitious project ( as the city did with discovery health & wellness ) and finding ways to get it done . - - mike dennis for the hill