gibson stopped all 21 shots he faced . minnesota dominated the anaheim ducks in all three periods , but was shut out by anaheim for only the second time this season . mark cramarossa scored the winning goal for the ducks ( 29 - 18 - 4 ) , and gibson recorded his second assist of the season . the wild ( 29 - 18 - 4 ) had won their first three games of the season vs . anaheim , but fell behind again and were led by gibson again . minnesota managed to score on three straight plays in the game , coming within an inch of scoring when a long - range slap shot by defenseman ryan folin hit the inside of the ducks net , going through the net and to the # ##board . ducks goaltender devan dubnyk recorded five assists in the game . the wild took the lead less than two minutes into the game when cramarossa climbed back to the net and was stopped . halfway down the left wing , corey gibson attempted a second slap shot that dubnyk blocked , but hit a puck he couldn ' t catch . cramarossa , who ' d climbed to the outside of the net , shot the next puck in before the ducks could respond . it was cramarossa ' s first2 in more than a month . minnesota got the first two power plays of the game and out - shot anaheim 9 - 8 in the first period , but could not do it . the minnesota got two more power plays in the second period , and were again dominant again , out - shooting the ducks 9 - 8 . but anaheim repeatedly denied the ducks scoring chances . it was the second win in more than a month for anaheim , having defeated minnesota on nov . 22 , and the win allowed anaheim to end their six - game road trip with a 5 - 0 - 1 mark . anaheim was out - scoring right winger antoine vermette with 1 : 10 to go in the third period after he was ejected for hitting linesman shandor alphonso . notes : the ducks traded # ##j graovac to iowa of the american hockey league after he cleared waivers . in eight games with the nhl team this season , he scored three goals . with his 6 - foot - 1 frame , there was some speculation that he might be claimed by the rangers this close to the trade deadline and instead sent back to the ahl . . . . # rw ryan murphy was a healthy scratch for the fourth time in anaheim ' s last six games . murphy scored two goals in thelater this week . . . . anaheim , which is in the midst of a franchise - record six - game homestand , will again host the dallas stars on thursday . chicago , which picked up a six - game trip on thursday , hosted the florida panthers on friday . . . . there was some speculation that blues forward sami vatanen could return to the lineup after missing the previous two games with a lower - body injury , but he was injured again .