the criminal case against the 28 - year - old crookston resident , was reopened again . judge tamara smith transferred him to ramsey county circuit court for his actions during a fight with skater paul torres , who died after hitting his head sept . 18 , 2015 , at the morgan arena . prosecutors tried to convince the jury that a blow from strommen caused torres ' death . strommen didn ' t remember hitting torres , but he said he only saw torres fall , and the man died on the ice . torres died a week later at altru ##ism in grand rapids due to head injuries . that day , prosecutors convicted strommen of the most serious charges : second - degree manslaughter , a felony ; and first - degree murder , a felony . the jury did find strommen guilty of criminal sexual assault . prosecutors sentenced strommen to 90 days in jail , the maximum sentence for the offense under michigan law . judge strommen will receive probation for time served , as he does not want to spend more time in jail . he was ordered to pay $ 1 , 085 in attorney fees and costs . torres ' fiancee , rita saenz , faced strommen in court , calling him "you killed my family . " she said strommen was the man she loved , but she was not heard during the hearing . " he doesn ' t see anything , i see nothing but pain in his eyes , " saenz told the court reporters . " i wanted him to look at me , look at my family so that he could see what i had to do with my life that day . " strommen was silent during today ' s hearing , only shaking his head when reporters asked if he had anything to say during his testimony . strommen did not look at saenz during the hearing . she also refused to provide interviews to reporters from wdaz . saenz told wdaz she felt the justice system betrayed her , and her children would never understand it . " i did everything i could do , " she said . " i tried to stop it , and i felt like i killed my family because i was trying to get revenge , and i wasn ' t going to do that . " wdaz and the grand rapids station are owned by the minnesota broadcasting corporation .