qualcomm ' s upcoming android xr1 chip , announced via a 2013 press release , aims to break down the market for high - end virtual reality ( vr ) and augmented reality ( ar ) and bring the technology to high - end devices . if successful , the xr1 chip could replace those found in most mobile phones , and make vr and ar more difficult to hack into for mobile devices . the chip could also help bring advanced artificial intelligence ( ai ) capabilities into android as well , the release said . in the announcement , qualcomm called the xr1 an augmented reality ( xr ) chip , stating that it could help bring higher quality technology to mass - market devices . and the addition of the ai capabilities will provide " reduced interactivity , power , and energy consumption , " the release said . source : android and augmented reality platform ( ref ##n . ) the xr1 includes an arm - based multi - core processor , a graphics processor , a gpu , and a dedicated gaming platform for on - line gaming . a graphics processor with shared video memory , cpu , and storage is also part of the platform , the release said . the platform can support up to 4k video at 30 frames per second , according to the release .it also supports opengl , opencl , and vulkan , and its vr capabilities add to its advanced performance . other features of the xr1 include high - quality graphics and 6 - degrees of freedom ( 6dof ) motion sensing and motion control , making it easy to move around in the real world . " as technology advances and consumer demand grows , we see xr ##1 playing a wide range of roles in users ' and developers ' everyday lives , " alex katouzian , senior vice president and general manager of qualcomm ' s vr business unit , said of the product . oems like meta , vive , vuzix , and picoare are already working on the xr1 platform , the company said . the main reasons for this are : qualcomm has announced the new xr1 platform , which could provide high - quality graphics and vr capabilities to its customers , at a low cost . the qualcomm vr xr1 includes an on - line search engine to improve machine vision performance in vr applications . stay tuned , click here to listen to the techrepublic next big thing podcast . listen to the