common sense says that when you ' ve set a new goal , like changing to a new clothing style , eating more , losing weight , or even writing a book or starting a blog , you should tell as many people as possible . after all , if lots of people know about your goal , you ' ll be able to work harder because you don ' t want to hurt yourself or your friends . hopefully , your friends will join in with you , and support you , and hold you back so that you don ' t keep hurting yourself . right ? maybe . . . maybe not . in his 30 - minute ted talk , derek sivers presents a new insight : telling people about your goal makes you more likely to succeed . what is this ? as derek explains , some people think it has something to do with the phenomenon of " social media . " for example , let ' s say you say to your best friend : " i ' m going to go for 5k running ! this time , i ' m really doing it ! " your friend responds by saying : " wow ! what a great idea . you can do it . i ' m so proud of you . " then you listen to your friend ' s feedback , laugh and ack##nowledgment , you feel so good ! you feel safe , loved and full of warm , fuzzy feelings . but there ' s a difference : when your body is filled with those kinds of warm feelings , you ' re much more motivated to " do the hard work " that ' s necessary to achieve your goals . in a way , your body has been " tricked " into believing you ' re already " done . " that ' s why telling people about your goals can be counter - productive . it gives you a " false sense of self . " or so the saying goes . my professional opinion : success really depends on your goals and on the kind of goal you ' re trying to achieve . if your goal is to get a good job , for example , then it ' s good to involve lots of people , because the people in your social circle will point you towards better career opportunities , write letters of recommendation and open all kinds of doors for you . you ' ll go faster and easier if you involve your friends . and in some cases , moving your lips can be a bad idea . if you ' ve been telling your friends , " i ' m going to write a book ! " for two weeks in a row , and you ' re making no progress ,or , you could try changing your style . close your eyes and keep going in circles . maybe you ' ll have more success if you take the straight - talking , action - packed approach . my first goal was to put out some more books and get them printed and lined up for publication so that i wouldn ' t have to worry about them during the upcoming summer break . but then , i was hit with a media storm . okay , maybe i shouldn ' t have done that .