she had died . someone had taken her to the clinic in the middle of the night , they said , and when the clinic was closed , whoever took her started the fire and left . they didn ' t call 911 . this morning , the grand forks police department sent out a statement that those sending and receiving drugs that were present at the time of the overdose will only be released if they cooperate and cooperate with first response . in north dakota and minnesota , good health laws are on the books that grant immunity to those who call for drug help if the person remains on scene until first to cooperate and cooperate with medical personnel and law enforcement . the person may be in need of emergency medical attention . up to three people can be granted immunity . the law also applies to people suffering from drug poisoning . " we need people to be focused on saving a life , " said lt . jeremy moe with the first response unit . in 2016 , grand forks police responded to three calls for overdoses . two of them were fatal . state rep . john anderson jr . , r - bad river , was the sponsor of the good health bill that passed in north dakota in 2015 . the executive director of the north dakota board of commissioners , anderson said he wanted tochange the law to give people a better chance to live . drugs prescribed by doctors can be added to health care . " it ' s hard to figure out what they are or what the drug is , but by the time you have a chance to figure out what it is , it ' s too late , " anderson said . in the process of sponsoring the law , he heard stories from a man whose wife had left him in a field , and she ' d died , anderson said . not a lot people know about the incident , anderson said . he also said law enforcement had been successful in bringing charges against him , despite the circumstances . " they ' re using the mental health law as an excuse to kill me because , obviously , if i give you drugs , then i ' m capable of providing them for you . it ' s not a crime anymore if i gave them to you free , " anderson said . " so we have a much better deal with drugs . if you ' re trying to ruin someone ' s life for crying out loud , back off a little more . catch the drugs the first time . " " sometimes people lie to one another , and if law enforcement is too aggressive , they can stop people from going for drugs . "the police said they were not aware of any specific incidents in gaza where amnesty had been granted based on the good samaritan laws . bbc news also contributed to this report .