for many , this is their first summer in the united states . they are drawn to the time - honored world of music and dance ' s around the world . in turn , they share their life experiences and cultural heritage with those who have never been to france , spain or argentina . friendships that cross continents are born at concordia . the international # ##ers return to their home countries with an intimate sense of typical american life ; and there ' s nothing more typical than sleepaway ##s for the average american youth each summer . the american psychological association estimates that more than one million children participate in concordia summer and winter camps each year . this is public outreach at its best , made possible by the u . s . state department ' s p - 1 exchange visitor program that is a program specially created for international students . since 1979 , concordia language village has taken advantage of this opportunity to invite people from around the world to share their knowledge of language and culture with young people and to learn something new and exciting . about 900 students attend the 15 language villages each summer . of that number , about 500 are permanent residents from 30 countries on five continents . we cannot afford to have these international exchange visitors limited to a limited number of countries . for those of a particular ethnic or cultural background. the recently lifted travel ban by the obama administration has created an increasing sense of fear and anxiety for those preparing for international exchange programs , no matter where they live in the world . our security is threatened by increased contact with the world , than ever . our allies across the globe believe that exchange programs are the most cost - effective means of strengthening our national identity . camp ##ers consistently report that they start their camp with a favorable impression of the united states . a department of education research study found that 70 % of high school age students from muslim - majority countries reported that their experience in the united states gave them a more favorable impression of the american language and culture . to experience it , it ' s important to know it . and where better to go than a summer camp ? schulze is the executive director of concordia summer camp , the language - and cultural - exchange program run by concordia university in moorhead . she is also # ##woman of the year for international exchange , a chicago - based organization that promotes language and cultural exchange .