goodwin was one of about 100 people who gathered in the parking lot of the john glas fieldhouse on campus for canada ' s first - ever missing and murdered indigenous women ' s march . marchers , both men and women , as well as native american women , marched in solidarity with similar events taking place elsewhere , and to draw attention to the growing issue of violence against indigenous women . " we felt that it was very important for us to organize this march for solidarity with the violent events that are happening all over canada and all over the rest of the united states , " said activist audrianna goodwin . " this is a very important event for almost all of us in the community . . . and we really want to do our part in bringing awareness to this issue . " participants carried signs and also wore traditional clothing during the march from the field ##house to bsu ' s hobson student union ; the march was stopped by police officers as they walked down 10th avenue sw . indigenous women and those who had lost family members during the murders and protests took up the issue . the event was organized by the native american movement ' s women ' s organization , ogimaakwewiwin . group : simone .##ogles said that while ogimaakwewiwin ##i was aware of other events that day , they had to do their part to put off the main event . " even though the march was really , really small we knew that this was something we wanted to do , we wanted to at least try , " senogles told organizers . " we ' re really , really surprised and touched by all of you coming out on this special day and joining us . " after the march , participants gathered at the fine arts centre in hobson . a large round table offered support and information about hiv / aids awareness , and northwoods indigenous women ' s centre and red river chief equay wiigamig also offered information about violence . the speakers spoke about violence against indigenous women both nationally and locally . traditional music was performed . " we want to show that this is a real danger to women , " said activist heather goldtooth . " it affects us all , and in our country we ' ve seen a lot of violence happen in the last few years against indigenous women . " another speaker said that much of the violence against indigenous women stems from women , and especially in native communities . " this violence that ' s happening against our people isn ' t who we are . "" all part of our duty to protect our country , " goodwin said . " i still don ' t understand ... that this isn ' t who we are . "