artificial intelligence ( ai ) is being mocked and being used as a technical term . but it is also being used to describe other potentially useful technologies . so , to beat up some of the less common uses of the term , here are some things ai can also be used for : 1 . farming farmlogs , an application of big data analysis that measures rainfall , soil temperature , and satellite imagery and helps farmers decide what type of crop is to plant and how to maximize crop yields . see : farming for the future : how a farmer uses this data to maximize yields and minimize costs ( techrepublic ) 2 . ai ibm has made this type of ai possible , and while you might question its merits , others like intel are working on things like ai medicine . machine ai can combine human data with animal tests to customize results . the use of medical images as an aid to diagnosis is also making some progress . see : the ai ' s big promises , as seen in ibm watson ' s underwhelming game play ( techrepublic ) 3 . internet search the national center for missing and exploited children is working with ai to help automate and set up search engines for suspicious websites . see : # ##c ' s guide to machine ai ( the ai2 ) 4 . recruiting ai to help go to applications and interview processes . unilever developed an application called hirevue to assess candidates ' knowledge , knowledge and skills , cutting the costs to applicants and improving interviews and response times . ai : how to use ai and machine learning ( zdnet ) | and the book as a pdf ( techrepublic ) 5 . customer service virtual agents are made possible by smartphones , but where they really shine is with access to real customer service information . ai can be used to process customer information and get it to the right places and to call in and help customers with comments and questions . we didn ' t just have smart phones , which used all kinds of machine learning and kind of algorithms to process information . and there were many more . there ' s a lot of controversy surrounding the use of ai these days , but if you look closely you can see some really good examples of the real thing . for more about artificial intelligence and ai research , go to our next published article online . listen to this :