there ' s an interesting thing going on in the northern rocky mountains . what ' s happening is that snow is falling again , and it ' s much warmer and cooler than before . and that ' s happening with many of the species that live there . the result is the new rainbow trout . it ' s a native north american fish that lives in cold , mountain streams . explorer meriwether lewis of lewis and clark expedition , was among the first european - americans to catch this small , silvery fish . he used its roe as bait . it ' s relative abundance still makes it a favorite for catch - and - release fishing . some scientists have recently reported that it ' s in decline . the much more common rainbow trout is entering mountain streams and competing with the native fish . biologist clint muhlfeld believes that creates competition . " it opens up the possibilities that are related to the very unique traits that these fish have evolved with , " says muhlfeld , who ' s with the u . s . geological survey and the university of montana ' s devils lake biological station . those traits have allowed them to survive for centuries in cold mountain streams . and mountain streams ." to protect them from predators , which prefer fresh water . but climate change is happening in high - elevation lakes , and they will need more water , a factor that affects them . so they ' re moving on . muhlfeld says that when salmon and trout die , the resulting populations are feeble — " not strong , " in ecological terms . " they don ' t survive as long as the native species , " he says . and those that do survive have to create new species ; there ' s no going back to the wild again . " in the book , conservation fish , muhlfeld and a team of scientists from various academic institutions studied trout in hundreds of lakes in the canadian rockies . it was widespread . it was especially prevalent in areas where parks and wildlife departments had introduced rainbow trout , a problem that dates back to the 19th century . some people are trying to solve the problem by getting rid of the trout . that may not help some people , but muhlfeld says the new species could disappear altogether . " there are not many places in the world where you can look after a rainbow trout , " he says ; it ' s been introduced all over the world . " there ' s very fewone where you can actually hunt and kill a huge animal that ' s been extinct for thousands and thousands of years . " it is inevitable . once the new species and genetic material are discovered , they are lost forever . "