that ' s what we ' ve been taught about things : make them simple . add numbers , question marks and # ##es . change them all . create different things for each app and website . of course , these changes would leave us confused and unable to remember them all . however , the national institute of standards and technology is doing the making some of our problems much easier . the institute has updated its guidelines for creating things , and the new one significantly differs from previous guidelines . " the new advice is about creating things that are easy for ordinary people and difficult for special ones , " says john grassi , chief science and technology officer at microsoft , who wrote the previous set of guidelines . the update is making them simple , accurate and accurate . however , capital letters and other small letters are better , grassi told npr ' s audie murphy . we no longer use chinese characters and a mix of capital and small letters . and they never seem to change . " we focus on the other part of this , which is what exactly can you use to create these things ? " grassi says . " because if you can create them in your head , and no one else could , that ' s a good thing . " " these guidelinesthey seem somewhat harsh , grassi says these rules help users create longer codes that are harder for them to break . and he says the computer security community in both the public and private sectors has taken these new guidelines well . " this is because we are creating longer codes that really are harder to break than the previous ones , especially with all those new longer codes , " grassi says . " we are really looking at longer codes , and the longer the better . " recently , security experts criticized the use of password management apps to ensure users ' identities are protected . grassi says these apps are dangerous because they can change the password , but he says they aren ' t going to improve security . grassi stands by these new guidelines because he says the guidelines for apps improved security , and did not do anything to improve security . when users change their password every few days , they usually aren ' t actually changing the password , grassi says . " i ' m pretty sure you ' re not changing your own password ; you ' re changing mine too , " he says . " everyone knows that , and the security guys know that . "