a black panther rally held on texas a & m university ' s campus had been cancelled , reportedly out of concern for public safety , as reported later . the university reversed the decision after consulting law firms and " careful investigation " because of " concerns for the safety of its students , faculty , staff and the public . " " texas a & m ' s support of the first amendment and the freedom of speech cannot be denied , " the university said in a statement that day . " however , in this case circumstances and circumstances related to the event have changed and the possibility of harm to life and property led us to cancel the event . " after the event was cancelled for the day , local and state officials voiced their support , but legal experts and the a & m university administration had argued that first amendment concerns made that impossible . reached by phone while shopping at walmart on monday morning , wiginton said he had not heard the news . he said he had shown up to speak in a “ designated " area ” on campus on sept . 18 , but had not heard from anyone about the event since being announced . his statement : “ i and my family will not be leaving the state of texas . ” the event was also announced on the floor of the texas senate . theone who made the statement was rep . mike raney , r - college station , whose district includes a & m . he said that a & m university president mike sharp had cancelled the event to ensure student safety . raney said the event was canceled " because of problems with hate groups that have appeared on facebook , and people who ’ ve said they were armed and they were carrying their guns . " he said the local police department said they " couldn ' t do that . " earlier in the day , sharp had called school board – and teachers , in order – to prevent the incident from happening . gov . greg abbott was not involved in the incident , an abbott spokesman said . “ the incident ’ his administration has been working with texas a & m students to prevent the kind of hate - filled atmosphere that we see in charlottesville . the abbott ’ ' s goal is to ensure the safety and safety of texas and texas a & m students , ” said the spokesman , mike wittman . mike svitek and mike sharp contributed to this effort .