when a young african - american woman went out alone on the appalachian trail , she learned a lot about the role of women in the great outdoors . every year , the appalachian trail attracts a new generation of runners , heading to the big race – 2 , 000 miles from maine to california . if that ’ surprises you this year , you know it ’ is way ahead if you want to leave this country . rahawa haile took the lead and followed her all the way , end to end . and she did it all as a young african - american woman . that is amazing . women of color are under - represented in both ’ the great outdoors . rahawa haile ’ a short story . this point to point , everyone is going on the appalachian trail . — from ashbrook . rahawa haile , novelist and short story writer . she re - read the appalachian trail in 2016 . ( @ rahawahaile ) carolyn finney , professor of english at the university of maine . author of “ black minds , white bodies : reimagining the contribution of african americans to the great outdoors . ” ( @ cfinney4 ) from amazon ’ . reading an excerpt : going out on — “ it will be two weeks before you find thatwe at least in 2016 were aware of the sharp contrast that exists between what people of color see on the road ( so positive ) and the trail ( not so positive ) . while some thru - travelers and trail angels are some of the brightest and most interesting people you ’ ll ever meet , most trail angels have no idea what to make of people who look like them . they say they don ’ t think much of ‘ my life ’ " , and leave the question hanging in the air . ” camera obscura : exit wounds : there was a black , female thru - hike on the appalachian trail — “ that year , rahawa haile , a woman currently living in oakland , california , became one of the very first black women to attempt to hike the appalachian trail . ( she was surprised to find only one woman achieving the feat in 2016 . ) in september , she arrived in california , the most difficult section of the trail to hike on , and by the end of october had completed the entire trail . she brought along with her , however , a couple of books by black authors , which she put in the backpack on the way . ” buzzfeed : how those books paved my way on the appalachian trail — “ everyone had something tono . the thing i wanted was books . black books . written by black people , their photos of the most familiar faces i would look to for inspiration . these were people who had seen more than i ’ had ever been exposed to , whose stories gave me strength in them . i wanted to show them things from me that a lifetime of experience had made that were never going to be theirs . i sought out these people whenever i could . ” days , from rahawa haile ’ , a friend .