the trump administration is giving insurance companies an additional six months to decide whether to include more coverage in the affordable care act cuts , and how much to pay . the announcement comes while insurance companies wait for president trump to decide whether they will continue to make payments to insurance companies that are paid for by the affordable care act cuts that some companies have opposed . the payments — serve as cost - benefit analysis , — ask insurance companies for information about copayments and benefits that they ' re required by law to provide to low - income individuals . the congressional budget office estimates the payments this year would be about $ 1 billion . trump has said he will end the payments , which he calls " bailouts , " and has been asking companies to debate month to month about whether they will make the payment . a white house spokesman said trump is " meeting with his staff and his administration to discuss the issues raised by the csr negotiations . " the u . s . department of health and human services said it is giving the extra months so insurance companies can plan better in case the president decides to end the payments . in a recent report , the economist reported that states are now requiring companies to raise their rates for 2018 under the assumption that they will' to be sure . ' companies say that without the cost - sharing payments , their rates would see double - digit increases . for example , blue cross blue shield of north carolina says that the program would bring their rates to 2 . 5 % . and john harrison , president of intermountain health , which serves 173 , 000 patients in nevada and california , says the payments could be " catastrophic . " however , harrison says , his company will stay with the obamacare plan . " these are our problems . we ' re not going anywhere . we ' re going to keep trying to figure this out . " the hhs memo says " there have been no changes to obama ' s plan to provide cost - sharing premium payments to patients . " . it also says the administration plans to expand the aca ' s cost sharing program to compensate for the lack of cost - sharing payments . the changes are confusing and controversial , and john jost , professor emeritus at washington & lee university ' s medical school , writes in his public affairs blog that the memo # ##ifies the changes . " we still do not know if any of this is true or if — the obama administration has already made up its mind , " he says . the cost - sharing payments havewashington at the center of a political debate over the affordable care act since president donald trump took office . house republicans opposed to the medicare payments sued then - president barack obama , claiming the payments were illegal because congress hadn ' t appropriated funds for them . a judge agreed and allowed the republicans to continue making the payments during their appeal . now that trump is in the white house , and his efforts to repeal and amend the affordable care act have failed , house republicans are urging the president to continue the payments rather than close the health care markets .