on saturday , workers of bp in alaska discovered an oil gas leak from an oil and gas well on alaska ' s north slope , near the town of deadhorse . shortly after , they discovered that the well was still leaking a lot of crude gas . bp identified the leak and formed a " unified command , " which included representatives from alaska ' s department of fire protection , the u . s . environmental protection agency , and the north slope council . the well leaked gas throughout the day . by sunday , the gas was no longer leaking , and workers were able to open a safety valve that increased the visibility of the gas . on monday , just two days after the leak was discovered , adec said the unified command had to work to " contain " the gas leak and prevent the gas leak . " the area affected was reduced to rubble , " said candice bressler , spokesperson for adec . " there have been no reports of injured workers . " oil wells were located on about 1 . 5 acres of the well ' s drilling site , according to the associated press . the town of nuiqsut , several miles north of the well , had been notified of the leak , but was not notified . " bp said that the well wasn '' well , ' has risen , to 1 – million feet ; this sudden movement of the water caused the pressure vessel to break off and prevent water from flowing into the well to fill it , " adec said . bp began production at the offshore prudhoe bay oil field in 1968 . it has produced more than 10 billion barrels of oil , according to bp , and is one of north america ' s largest oil fields . the spill occurred amid efforts to increase production from existing wells and build new wells in the north slope ' s oil sands , telling bloomberg : " north slope production rose to 565 , 000 barrels per day in 2014 , the highest level since august 2013 . that ' s been down by almost three - quarters from the peak of more than 100 million barrels in the early 1990s . " in a 2011 settlement with the department of justice , bp agreed to pay a $ 1 billion civil penalty and carry out a " company - wide risk reduction program " after it leaked more than 100 , 000 barrels of crude oil from its wells in alaska ' s north slope in 2006 . two years later , bp agreed to pay more than $ 1 billion in damages for the 2010 deepwater horizon disaster and oil spill in the gulf of alaska .