it ' s a series of gatherings for those who love the read and the arts . " sherry wagner started the gatherings , and they grew out of her love for books . because of that , she spent a lifetime reading and collecting books . eventually , she gave them all away . " those books have found a home in the hotel emma at the moment , " she says of the cozy little library in the hotel ' s lobby . sherry wagner grew up in chicago , where front porch storytelling and music made the pre - air conditioned summer nights not only fun , but relaxing . " we would always sit on my great aunt ' s front porch and listen to music and drink hot chocolate , " sherry wagner says . she says that those front porch storytelling nights were the best . " you were sitting out there and anybody who happened to pass by would just come out and sit on the porch with you , " she says . " very often a story would be told that would come out with ' so i met ol ' bill so - and - so , and he told me this wonderful story . ' " in the spirit of that story , she would read an excerpt from the story in the hotel emma ' s library . " we were always" page from one from a great american women writer of the 20th century , " miss wagner says . " what better reading than having katherine ann scott , eudora duncan , anne mccullough and flannery o ' conner read those stories . " the next two days , miss wagner will read pages from those stories along with a book and hope that soon , the real storytelling will begin . " dinner will begin at 7 : 00 a . m . and close to 8 o ' clock , " she says . " dinner is $ 5 which includes drinks and food . there ' s something very special about reading a story , and especially about the person who tells the story . " and in so doing , the daily routine of reading becomes a unique experience . " i like to think that for my family it didn ' t matter so much if you were beautiful or smart , that it mattered a lot if you were funny or funny . " for miss wagner , that philosophy still lives on .