2014 : hpe hewlett packard enterprise ( hpe ) and linux enterprise collaborate to send a computer to mars , the company stated in a blog post on twitter . the " spaceborne computer " will be sent directly to the international space station ( iss ) , first by being launched on the spacex dragon - 1 rocket , and then , via the spacex dragon spacecraft . it will be a year - long mission , with plans to " embark on a trip to mars — by one of the dragon spacecraft . why ? " research , if conducted on mars , could help astronauts manage these space missions by allowing for exchange of data in real - time in space . the spaceborne computer is equipped with the hpe and linux operating systems , the blog post said , which includes a high - performance hpc server and an open - source linux operating system . additionally , this combination could cause system problems , which can last up to 30 minutes , and could " make the on - the - ground operations difficult and potentially dangerous if astronauts are faced with very complex management issues that they ' re not able to resolve themselves , " alain andreoli , svp and head of hpe ' s data center operations team , said in the blog post. a computer this size has never been in space before , since most electronic devices are not designed to survive the extreme conditions that include hazards such as radiation , gamma radiation , dust , damaged electrical circuits and poor maintenance . however , the hardware for this computer was designed to withstand these kinds of conditions , and a # - ##proof case for the computer was created to help keep the hardware dry . the project , andreoli said , has gone beyond what it could do for a voyage to mars . " the spaceborne computer project will not only show us what needs to be done to develop computers in space , it will also provide ideas for how to develop high performance computing ( hpc ) on mars and potentially have a positive impact on other areas of computer development , " andreoli said . 1 : how charles shuttleworth became the first man in space and started a computer company ( pdf . ) the latest news item for techrepublic is : on monday , a blog post by hpe announced a partnership with nasa that will use the " spaceborne computer " — ( supercomputer — for a year - long mission to the iss . the computer is expected to eventually end up on a mission to mars — which also includes a long — with theidea of having astronauts perform high - precision calculations in space , which could reduce the long down - time in communication between space and earth . the project is expected to have important implications for the amount of scientific computation that can be performed in space . information about the next big thing from techrepublic . com article .