after falling to $ 1 , 000 in exchange rates over the weekend , the bitcoin cryptocurrency was expected to rise , reaching a record $ 4 , 300 on monday — and $ 100 , 000 at its peak a week later , according to data from the coinbase stock exchange . bitcoin fell back to the $ 4 , 300 mark , reaching a record high monday morning , according to the websites that cover the stock market . " the bitcoin market now is nearing $ 100 billion , " reported cryptocoins magazine , noting that the " flippening " that has been occurring for years in the cryptocurrency market has now come to pass , and " bitcoin now has a higher market value than payment - processing platform paypal . " the bitcoin could have bought for about $ 570 billion two days ago — representing a rise of about 645 % to today ' s exchange rates . while on the rise , the coindesk group estimated the total value of the cryptocurrencies reached a record $ 138 billion on monday . the price rise can be attributed to a number of factors , from security concerns to the currency splitting into two , — bitcoin , and bitco##in 2008 . that change , which became effective on oct . 1 , was done to give the country a more secure currency ; it was also tied to a plan to allow new investments in the currency to occur more quickly . first launched in 2009 , bitcoin has since gained much attention and followers . and blockchain , the company that manages bitcoin , has been used by many banks and investment firms such as google — which also lets people make investments in cryptocurrency — and goldman sachs . other factors , such as bitcoin ' s potential as a hedge against financial crisis , also play a role . a bank official told cnbc that south korea has seen a " resurgence of interest " in the currency while the u . s . and north korea face declines . the economist also reported japan ' s increased interest in bitcoin in japan , with the yen accounting for 42 % of bitcoin coin sales . it ' s also a learning experience for bitcoin users . after the japanese currency reached a record $ 1 , 420 in sales , the bbc ran a story asking , " what if the bitcoin bubble burst ? " and wondering if the bubble could be attributed to " bubble bursts — like the one in tulip##s . stated that " anyone willing or smart enough to have bought $ 1 , 000 of bitcoins in january 2010 , when the price was only $ 0 . 05 , would now have a value of $ 1 million , " the report concluded that " climbs this high are not speculative " — , adding , " if there is such a thing as a speculative climb , this is it . "