from texas monthly : on monday , members of the group released a press release saying : “ today charlottesville , at texas a & m . ” the message came from the group attending a black lives matter rally for white activist richard spencer , scheduled to take place on the quad at the university campus . there ' s plenty of discussion on social media , and a counter - protest has already been organized . david key , the organizer of btho hate , said the counter - protest would be non - violent and not likely to promote the racist and racist rhetoric used by spencer . earlier , key led the group to a similar rally in may on campus , but the group weren ’ ##1 allowed into the main student center where spencer was speaking . “ the purpose of our protest was not to get angry and disrupt his speech . … we just wanted to use our free speech to collectively express our opposition to his policies , ” key said . " in the middle of events in charlottesville , when the stakes are high for hate groups like btho hate , key says a protest is the most important thing to do . “ we know that they are going to charlottesville … . still , if we don ’ ##t stand , because we ’ are black , and they ’ ve already started ,” key said . " there was violence in charlottesville : a car drove into a group of counter - protesters , killing one person and injuring another . people are blaming the police for not doing enough to prevent the violence , and key says he ’ is sure the same thing will ’ ##t happen at a & m . “ i have great faith in the good men and women of the charlotte police department . … i do something like that , we ’ ll have state security , and i think the police was there this morning as well , ” key says . for good measure , btho hate ’ ##1 protest will take place at a distance from the main campus . and there will be what key calls a “ wall " , ” like a human shield , that will surround the ’ campus of the black lives matter movement . “ our plan is to keep the two events separate events , to avoid the kind of police violence that occurs in charlottesville , ” key says . whatever btho hate does to prevent violence , the combined protest and counter - protest will likely receive significant media attention , which could encourage violence . key is aware of that possibility , but says it ’ is very important his group shows up to maintain inclusivity , especially because of a & m ’ s antilots of black students . “ it ’ so very important for aggies that we speak up and say that our school accepts all races , nationalities , cultures , religions and sexual ##ities . but the one thing we don ’ ##t understand is prejudice and discrimination . by remaining silent , we can do nothing and we want life to go on , ” she said . written by jennifer covington .