at a preliminary hearing in june , a leading cybersecurity expert pleaded not guilty to possession of an alleged malware used to access online mail systems . despite these charges , marcus today is recognized for his role in making the " perfect response " to the wannacry ransomware cyber - attack in 2014 that " hit over 20 countries , " npr ' s leila fadel said . at today ' s trial , marcus ' lawyer marcia hofmann described him as a " brilliant young man and a visionary , " and said that " when the case comes to trial , we are confident he will be completely cleared . " the fbi took him into custody later this month in las vegas , where he had been attending a cybersecurity conference . in october , a federal grand jury indicted him and an unnamed co - defendant on six counts , from july 2014 to january 2015 . the indictment accused them of distributing the malware , which they called kronos . the unnamed co - defendents had previously discussed it on internet forums and distributed it . he was charged with " one count of conspiracy to commit mail fraud and theft , two counts of distributing and selling an illegal mail ##ing system , one count of conspiracy tofor illegal activity , and one count of attempting to use a computer without permission , " " leila said . she added that " members of his family were outraged by the charges , because they were contrary to his reputation as a man dedicated to preventing this kind of behavior . he was " granted bail on 14 august . $ 100 , 000 . . . was donated by friends and family , " according to the bbc . " his release comes with two conditions , " reported by the associated press : " his bail has been extended so that he can stay in los angeles with his friends and family while in the u . s . , but he cannot leave the country . he was also granted permission to use a computer for work , a change from an earlier judge ' s ruling prohibiting him from using a computer with access to the internet . he had been working for a computer security company , according to police , who did not consider allowing him access to a computer for work . " " he was required to carry a tracking device , but [ federal judge william ] duffin said the court will consider removing that device once he has purchased a computer in los angeles and is satisfied with the terms of his bail . " the wire service reported that the courthearing is scheduled for dec . 31 .