it is said to stay fresh for an unknown amount of time . the museum staff say they recently came upon a specimen that pushes the limits of the concept : a 106 - year - old cake , found in one of antarctica ' s oldest buildings . this particular cake is believed to have been turned over in 1910 during the terra nova expedition of robert falcon scott . according to the antarctic heritage trust , " it has been suggested that scott took this particular piece of cake with him at that time . " the huntley & company cake is wrapped in plastic and placed in a container - an ice box - , which is showing signs of age . however , the cake itself is " well - preserved , " the trust said . " there was a very , very strong peanut butter flavor to it , but other than that , the cake looked and smelled wonderful ! " the trust ' s executive director - general lizzie smith said in a statement . " there is no doubt that the extreme climate of antarctica has helped its preservation . " the century - old dessert was found with over 1 , 000 other items from the buildings at mount adare . according to the trust , the two buildings at the site " were designed by architect carsten bo##rchgrevink ' s expedition in 1899 and 1900 followed by " scott ' s expedition in 1911 . " maria says the expedition members were finishing out their day on ice when they were unable to find the missing man . she says that many modern day explorers enjoy a chocolate cake : " it ' s the ideal high - density food for antarctic expeditions , and is still a favorite food on modern day expeditions to the antarctic . " the cake ' s high density also helps . as npr ' s david godoy has said , people on antarctic expeditions to the antarctic burn about 1 , 000 cakes a day — and more than 1 , 000 if you ' re interested in manhauling , which means " dragging things through the ice and snow with their feet . " she says that there ' s one important lesson that antarctic explorers have learned over the years : " when it is coming down to food versus the most hostile environment , eat lots of cake . " this is something scott ' s team accepted — as well , she says that " his team conducted a test that found a high - carb , high - density cake to be suitable for the polar environment . " " unfortunately , people on his expedition were often starved . scott himself starved to death .on the return journey from the south pole . the artefacts recovered from the adare — including the famous photograph of the ice - house by scientist john scott — are undergoing conservation treatment and will be released soon , because the buildings are in an antarctic wilderness protected area . that will happen once restoration work is completed on the buildings themselves .