in 2013 , google announced several changes to the cloud speech api that could help make it a more accessible tool for new users . according to a google news article , the api is adding a new feature called word - level timestamps , along with support for 50 video songs and 50 audio tracks . for those songs , the google cloud speech api uses neural network technology to allow it to convert audio to speech . it ' s powered by machine learning , and can analyze the data in real - time . word - level timestamps , the post said , are the most requested feature for the api from users . specifically , this feature provides a timestamp for each word that plays in a given song . " word - level timestamps let you get to the point in the song where the word is spoken , and read the corresponding text while the song is playing , " the post said . introduction : how we learned to talk to people , and how they learned to ask questions ( pdf . ) one of the companies mentioned in the post , google communications , uses the word - level timestamps to record the time it takes for them to send the messages they give their customers . another company , voximplant , uses them to automatically record their telephone conversations .third parties . as part of a major expansion of google ' s speech recognition technology , the cloud speech api will also add support for three more languages , bringing the total number supported up to 119 . the feature will only be available to cloud speech api customers , but will also be supported by other google products , including gboard , as well . as noted by zdnet ' s stephanie condon , the additional language support could help google win over its competitors in some markets . the full list of languages that shipped with the cloud speech api can be found here . also , the announcement stated , the cloud speech api will now support files that are longer than 24 hours in length , an increase from the previous standard of 30 hours . files that are longer than three hours can be removed on a " case - by - case basis by searching for a # ##tion in google search . " the 2018 google awards for techrepublic . the cloud speech api now supports 119 languages and 24 hour duration ##s , and offers a new word - level timestamp feature . word - level timestamps are the no . 1 most - used feature , allowing users to listen to the point where a particular word is heard in an audio stream . the feature could also make the apivery user - friendly , and the language change could give you new business in emerging markets . stay tuned , click here to go to the techrepublic web search blog . see here .