politicians , including samajwadi party leader mulayam singh yadav , facing a ‘ political crisis ” by his brother and uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav , have gone to delhi to meet the election commissioner ( ec ) for arranging the election of akhilesh to get the next election fixed . mulayam singh yadav , accompanied by his younger brother shivpal yadav and nephew amar singh , has left delhi to meet central election commissioner ( cec ) nasim zaidi at 1400 hours . before leaving for new delhi , mulayam pointed out his health condition . “ you see , i am [UNK] ” the sp leader has said that the party ’ s political platform is his heart , and there is no chance of anyone losing it by holding an emergency meeting and voting . “ i have made this decision with good spirit and hard work , and now the people are going to help me " . “ [UNK] [UNK] hamesha mera sath diya hai , maine koi bhrashtachar ya galat kaam nahi kiya . ilzaam laga bhi toh , maine mujhe hai kiya hai ( god has always helped me . i have never done any violence or fraud .. . an accusation was made against me , ( the high court has given me a clean record ) , ” he resigned . however , mulayam had also cancelled his sp party leadership meeting on january 5 , after his father and the party asked the government not to give permission to hold a meeting at the adjoining bungalow . the meeting was slated to be held at the janeshwar mishra park , where a meeting was called later to declare akhilesh as the sp ’ ##s national president , replacing mulayam . shivpal singh yadav , who was nominated by akhilesh as the sp national president , had told the media that the january 5 meeting has been cancelled . however , he did not give a specific reason for the cancellation . the january 5 meeting happened after akhilesh was declared the sp ’ party national president , in place of mulayam . there were also reports that the state government had refused to give permission to hold a meeting at the janeshwar mishra park . it appears that the gap is still not closed . that night , even though mulayam complained of high blood pressure , akhilesh who stayed at the adjoining bungalow , did not go to see his father . akhilesh said , “ " tofor the people you love , you always make the right decision . what i took was a right decision , and i had to make it for the sake of the party and the party itself ” .