image via getty . prince ’ ' unexpected death that day was from an accidental overdose of the opioid drug . two days before his death , prince slipped on the drug , and had to be hospitalized in a hospital after an emergency surgery . the warrants issued for hyde park , prince ’ and his residence , have since been revoked , revealing what seems to have been a distribution center used to distribute drugs to the cult members . the kare ##v reports that the arrests , which were made on sunday morning , show that cvs drug bottles found in prince ’ ##th apartment have the name of his former bodyguard , kirk johnson , on the label . police have been unable to find the source of drugs for prince without reviewing his police records , but did find prescriptions of oxycodone written for him and approved by dr . john joseph schulenberg . the tables below list the drugs found in the bottles : - 16 yellow pills ( watson 853 ) found in a second floor mirror room - 1 prescription bottle with the name of kirk johnson / 16 yellow pills - 2 white capsule pills in suitcase in mirror room / second floor - bayer bottle / 16 yellow pills with watson 853 - bayer bottle with 1 ½package : watson 853 - prescription for living without drugs ( rehab treatment ) the 853 contained an insulin / hydrocodone pill tablet . pill bottles labeled " “ and " ” were found filled with insulin / hydrocodone pills , and cocaine was found in the suitcase : the police also searched prince ’ s suitcase — which included the one filled with the drugs found ( including prescription pill bottles with the ’ ##44 name ) — and the name tag of “ " bravestrong ” — , assumed that police said prince used when he traveled in an effort to protect his privacy . lyrics for the song , “ u got the love , ” were also found in that suitcase , written in prince ’ s handwriting . the new york daily news reported that dr . schulenberg told police that he wrote them in johnson ’ s name to protect prince ’ s privacy . johnson , who had worked for prince since the early 1980s , told police that he had no idea that prince had a drug problem , but the day before the singer ’ ' death he went to a walgreens to pick up a prescription for him . johnson said it was the first time he ’ d been sent on such an assignment .