( via american girl since its inception in 1986 , american girl has focused its efforts on “ brand confidence among children and inspiring them to reach their full potential . ” out of the over a thousand american girl dolls that have been sold in the last five years , i ’ ve ever dealt with only one . i feel left out and left alone . until now . source : the world of dolls . dozens of colorful and interesting dolls any girl would be surprised to see — let me see — they have ever served as models in which i could see myself . take this from ’ american girl of the year , gabriela . she ’ is a girl who is “ for herself through art ” ? nope ! not me ! what about julie , “ the fun - loving , happy , playful girl , full of life and bright colors and prone to fits of laughter at the sight of the world outside her ” ? yes , but i still don ’ ##t like her . kitt kitteridge ? well , we both know she ’ is my friend . " take a look at ryan everett , their newest recruit . his ’ is “ a musician who plays guitar with his friend tenney johnson , a singer - songwriter from nashville , right ” ? "wait a second . that whole girl thing is . . . weird . like me , logan is tall and kind of weird looking , with an obvious vitamin d deficiency and a nose that ’ is not quite right for his body type . his smile is very wide half the time , and eyes are kind , but very — , like looking into the eyes of someone who ’ is trying ( and failing ) to hide a deep state of depression . while his parents would approve of his looks , more fashionable minds ( such as gossip magazine editor julianne escobedo herself ) would call him “ wack . ” he also has a lot of girl friends . not just girl friends , really , but friends who happen to be girls . they find him nonthreatening and fun to be around . he always likes their fancy designer clothes , notices when they cut their hair , and can always talk to them about their sex lives without ever feeling compelled to . that sometimes he told them that barbie was on a rampage , or that g . i . joe swore up and down he was gay , and was into it . it ’ was just , you know ? supposed to be in the closet . and i ’ would like to thank you , american girl , for doing .the great everetts of the world take over . it ’ is about me .