newport beach , calif . ( ap ) — two people were killed and dozens injured when a helicopter crashed into a house in a small southern california community just a few minutes after taking off , johnson said . the helicopter crashed into the house with such force that it was barely visible . the twisted body lay in a heap against the side of the house , the front section sticking out of the roof of a nearby home and a two - foot section lying in the street in front of yet another home . " all of a sudden the ground suddenly shook and i thought , ' oh my gosh , we ' re having an accident , ' " said roger johnson , who lives in the house in the small community of newport beach where the helicopter crashed . roger johnson was making some repairs when he heard the chopping sound of the helicopter ' s rotor blades and then a loud crash from the roof . " i turned to look out of the window and that ' s when i saw this piece of metal flying through the air and hitting the wall and the roof , " he said . " then i heard a scream — a horrible for - real human scream , like something terrible had happened . " police came to the scene and asked residents to stop trying to run over and pull over .four people were aboard the bell r44 ##0 when it went down . all four were among those killed or injured , and one person who was on the ground or outside of the aircraft was seriously injured , long island fire and rescue department said . they did not say which was which , or give any details about the crash . audrey smith , who lived close to the house where the crash occurred , was not home at the time and said her neighbors told her they were in the neighborhood when the helicopter hit the side of their house . " it ' s so bad , " she said , hoping that her neighbors weren ' t hurt . " i ' m so scared . " the helicopter had taken off from fort wayne airport , said ian gregor , a spokesman with the federal aviation administration . the airport is about 1 mile ( 1 . 6 km ) from the crash site . the faa and the national transportation safety board are investigating the crash . reports and comment from summit aviation , which is based at the airport and operates the airport , were not well received . the airport offers helicopter and plane tours , the use of helicopters for film and filming , as well as charter flights .