some things to note about mass killings : how is ' mass shooting ' defined ? there is no single definition of " mass shooting . " most researchers who study mass killings define it as three or more deaths ( by the police ) in a public place . they do not count domestic violence cases that take place in the streets nor do they count gang - related cases . that is not the definition used by the congressional research service . however , tucked into a law passed by congress in 2013 in the immediate aftermath of the sandy hook mass shooting in newtown , connecticut , to provide better law enforcement protection for multiple shooter situations is a definition of mass shooting as three or more deaths . all other definitions describe situations in which three or more people are killed or injured . are mass killings occurring too often ? researchers say the rate of mass killings has been fairly steady over the past few decades with occasional increases . " bad years are worse than others and bad years tend to be followed by not so bad years , " says professor alan fox , a professor at tufts university in boston who has been studying mass killings since the late 1980s . however , he and other researchers say it would seem that mass killings have become common in recent years . since sandy hook , americans have killed most of thethe most mass killings in modern u . s . history — 10 of those occurred this year alone . what types of firearms are used in mass killings ? experts say the majority of mass killings are carried out with firearms . however , of the # ##liest mass killings in modern u . s . history , eight of them used a variety of firearms that were military - style " assault weapons , " one of them was a thompson submachine gun , and the rest were assault rifles and / or pistols . what firearm was used in the sandy hook shooting ? adam lanza , the man who killed two children and two adults at the school in newtown , used a bushmaster xm15 . that weapon , manufactured by remington arms , was an assault - type of weapon that was used as a way to avoid violence among the people affected by the year - long " assault weapons " ban . survivors of the sandy hook shooting allege in a lawsuit that the maker of the bushmaster was involved in providing military - style protection to innocent people who may be armed and intent on causing civilian harm . the lawsuit against remington arms was dismissed because of the immunity granted to the firearms manufacturer , and the us supreme court is considering whether to stay##tate frowned .