melcroft , pa . ( ap ) — in a story no . 18 about the shooting deaths of four people at a car wash , the associated press , based on information from the victim , gave the first name of one of the four victims . she was cortney snyder , not courtney . a corrected version of the story was given : the latest : cops look at phone records of car wash : police are focusing on phone records to try to piece together how a group of friends wound up at a pennsylvania self - serve car wash in the early morning hours , where a man lying in wait killed four and injured one who managed to hide melcroft , pa . ( ap ) — the latest : the fatal shooting at a pennsylvania car wash ( 2 times local ) : 7 : 30 p . m . police are focusing on phone records to try to piece together how a group of friends wound up at a pennsylvania self - serve car wash in the early morning hours , where a man lying in wait killed four and injured one who managed to hide . the victim , 19 - year - old ed smith , suffered a gunshot wound to the head in the fatal shooting at smith ' s car wash in melcroft , a small community about 55 miles ( 89 km ) north of7 . smith is on life support and isn ' t expected to survive . some family members say smith was a jealous ex - boyfriend of victim chelsie snyder . vicki snyder says smith was very popular . she says he lived at home and hung out with his sister who used a wheelchair after a car accident a few years ago . _ _ _ , a . m . family members of the victims of the shooting at a local car wash say the man accused of shooting the three women was motivated by revenge . state police say 25 - year - old timothy snyder opened fire on saturday night at snyder ' s car wash in saltlick township , a small town about 55 miles ( 89 km ) north of pittsburgh . twenty - two - year - old william porterfield , 25 - year - old chelsie snyder , 19 - year - old cortney snyder and 18 - year - old timothy cline were all killed . smith is on life support , and is expected to survive after suffering a gunshot wound to his head . state police say it ' s possible that the gunshot wound was self - inflicted . police would not say how they identified the shooter , but chelsie snyder ' s half - sister , jennifer kolarik , told the pittsburgh tribune - reviewthat he had developed an obsession with her .