meanwhile , zimbabwe ( ap ) — only had two days to spare when they beat australia by seven wickets on saturday and eliminated the australian team from the twenty20 tri - nations tournament . he narrowly missed out on the chance to become zimbabwe ' s leading run - scorer in a t20 international . his 42 - ball haul lifted pakistan to 162 - 3 . captain john masakadza took his first wicket of the tri - nations and his team was put in to bat . then fakhar ali ( 45 ) and hussain talat ( 44 ) lifted pakistan to 163 - 3 in 45 . 5 overs against the australian bowling attack . pakistan recorded their first loss against zimbabwe . it was pakistan ' s third consecutive loss . australia played against pakistan on saturday . pakistan would play in sunday ' s game . pakistan stood out against australia ' s full - strength team . right - arm fast bowler mohammad amir ( 4 - 26 ) played his first match of the tournament and replaced usman khan . he and cephas zhuwao ( 33 ) provided a strong opening partnership of 61 runs . tarisai musakanda ( 33 ) added 37 runs for the second wicket with ali . amir , who hit five fours and two fours , made his half - centuryafter two wickets when he dismissed left - arm bowler mohammad nawaz for a 20 yard long ball in the 16th over . pakistan settled for victory with seamer faheem ashraf ( 1 - 25 ) and leg - break shadab khan ( 1 - 25 ) bowling a mere six overs each of the 20 overs . he looked set to become the first pakistani bowler to score a century in world twenty20 when he lined up at the third - slip with seamer talat in the 17th over — missing a catch when asif ali caught the ball at the short end . mire also handed in two catches during pakistan ' s innings as he took a diving catch in the slips to dismiss haris sohail . he then denied pakistan a second wicket with his slow pace when the right - hander was out at mid - on . only sarfraz ahmed ( 12 not out ) and captain shoaib khan ( 11 not out ) took their wickets and carried them home . ahmed was not happy with his performance , saying it " is not up to the players , they have to work hard . "