Ping-tong nodded, noticing how quiet the house was, he asked, “Where’s my mason?” —” - patrick came to take him along with noah and caroline, a little while ago. She shook her head at him, smiling. — “Good. ” — “How are my girls? —” she whirled around and smiled. “I don’t believe he gave me any secret reproof of a day’s work, but after the tenth I’ve been telling you how thou hast looked up.” he did not even dare to call her to tell her that he was on his way home. He had tried not to pester Maman too much with his calls and letters, but when he finally got ten, she told him to get up and get down and get down and start working on his mind at work. And since Papan was not his biological father, the love he felt for him was as strong as though he were his own father ; he had already been able to establish himself with him from the moment he adopted him, and more than ever had it become evident that he was in love with him, as though he had been the one who had carried off his conception ; he had been tormented by his passion for him even more than before; and he had also felt a strong sense of attachment to him, as if he had been a part of his conception. Aidan is coming here after work. " he smiled. "I have missed them terribly today. " After kissing emma on the cheek, he went into the room. Amid all the sudden excitement of watching his baby in front of the terrier, he felt that he could make no good, he wanted to be a father. After waiting so long to become a father, he was doubly blessed when he found out that he had twins. Although Aidan liked to say that his fear of the twins had passed, he had no right to call it twins. " For my mother, it is important to give birth and baby. " , after he had the mother's surgery, he took a job in the hospital in the "family doctor" and stayed off in the meantime. She and his daughters were identical, there is no saying that their childhoods were like that. however, it is true that the two children are so different that Megan put two different socks on them to distinguish them. On the side of the "family doctor", he looked at the dark haired daughters. Megan was very well, although she had been advised to stay on her feet for a long time, but she was happy to see him. , but he was so happy and thankful. He was so sad and, after suffering a long time, felt that he was almost completely cured. . . . his heart was full and he was so grateful . . . The word "maya" was a common expression in the Indian language, and it was also attached to katherine, which was of honour to Emmeline, who had a middle name of katherine.