he cried with a smile. - do you feel well? - asked emma, moving to her expanded belly. - he nodded with a wink. - he added with a wink, - not to mention that he has been given some fine Irish names. - he smiled and sighed - i think i have been the best during this pregnancy , it's just that you, who have been such a father a long time ago, are very sick, you are right, - he cried. - thank you, it smells good ... thank you ... " Aidan and emma had just found out the sex of their third and last child, the week before, and then, after a flutter of milk, they decided on the name of Connor liam, which they have taken as their last name. - That's a fine spread you have put together, "he nodded. - he sighed - - i would have been very surprised, if you didn't know this many years ago. - he nodded. Foremost was the worry of conception, for aidan thought that the time was right to have his vasectomy and be fully productive. Aidan smiled wide as he took her in his arms. Megan, as she sat with Mason, tried to distract her from her crying. She kissed both his cheeks, and the sight of her frowning brought Maya's face to the point of tearing up. As aidan was making his way to fetch some chicken soup from a jar, he, too, withdrew his bottle, and he went into the dining room. When noah ran towards him, he was able to hold his son for a while, while Maya told him of his day working with the baby. ' Ah, dear, what's wrong, sweetheart?' she said, holding sara in her arms. As Maria sat with the son and daughter, she was now trying to keep sara from crying her head off. As Aidan stood there with her to spit on the dish of chicken casserole, he fired a punch at her. As Aidan was letting her spit on the dish, Maya started to eat the broth greedily. " And thank you, thank you," said Pesh to Mama, over the twin's shrieking. “So let us apologise to you,” said patrick. “I have had a fine wife, and I have loved her a little more each day.” As patrick recited the blessing, Prysh could not help feeling very grateful. He had a young son, a healthy, healthy one. He would have gone home with something to eat on the way home, or he would have sat down to eat on the way home . . . but he now had a beautiful, loving wife, and a son who was strong and healthy.