And, in spite of my wretched back, he sat on the chair, all of a sudden he resigned himself to the seat and took his leave. Besides, she was still quite a star, a hot little girl who had just left the stage, and he smiled softly and silently, and he told his friends that he was going to leave. He did not, however, understand the thoughts of the other men around me, but he had to admit that she was not even a little hot, as one of them had said. I didn't even appreciate the conversation the other men were having with me that night, but I must admit that she was a king's-hot woman, as one of them had told me. Chapter 2 waited till her number was over, and the last call for the models came. Then he put up a pair of eyes and waited until the last call was over, and when the last number for the models came I sat there patiently and waited. I didn't think that anybody saw the sluggishness of her routine or heard her cries, but he was so alert that he didn't miss a thing. she was all curves and her legs, i could already imagine being held between them as I ked her ... when she came out the second time, i sat up in my seat , my back was n't exactly straight. She looked back and up and I could see she was accepting. I made my way towards them and grabbed her elbow. - saft, i was surrounded by a crowd of people who tried to pull her through the door into the back - i pushed her back against the door to keep it closed and lowered my head to her - smashed her back against the door, pulled her hair, drew her head back - "feel this - if you want to feel this, then you can do that - i pressed my hand against her crying heart. - she drew back, she looked up and I saw acceptance in her eyes. - she didn't have any choice, since I did not intend to let her go, but she did not really have any choice, as i had no intention of making the impression of having you. - he pushed his leg between hers, pulled his body close to him, - she was drinking the taste of strawberries. - if you feel that, it means that no one or anything will stop me having you. There were no words spoken between us for ten minutes that we had been there . . . when i helped her out of the car into the underground garage , I put her hand on the door and swallowed her tongue again . . . i felt her pulse pounding and saw the terror in her eyes . . . - i held her hand all the way to my home in the car.