My first aim was to put her at ease. I took her hand and led her into the house, through the hall of stairs, and into my own room in the corner. She was young and fresh and, as if she had been taken for granted, so sweet that she made me itch. I love her rubbing herself against my cock, almost as if she could not help herself. My first object was to calm her down. She was young and fresh, and so frightfully sweet , it was so sweet to me, and i liked her rubbing herself against my cock, as if she couldn’t help herself. Then, reaching her room as if wishing to flee, I took my jacket from her shoulders and eyed her neck, while I threw the jacket in the general direction of the chair in the corner. I kept my eyes on her head, for a while, until I threw it in the general direction of the chair in the corner. I felt I had to put her at ease, for her and her age, i shan’t trust in any preconceptions. . . . . so let's go out on the patio and relax until they come." she sat down in the chair, but I had other ideas. I knew she wasn't going to drink, and i didn't take the time to tell her he had to speak, because he was so shy now. . . . i didn't know everyone, but maybe there were many who did. . . . Why don't we go out onto the terrace and sit there until they come in? I, too, am not fond of patience, and would be the first to admit it. I stepped over to the inn phone and waited for them to bring me what she needed from the whole market a few blocks away. . . . but somehow, i knew this, what was awaited by us would not be rushed. I put her elbow in my lap, and she paused to protest, and my lips covered hers even more. I blew out my brow at my thoughts, and i was astonished at my control, and everything in me wanted in her now , and then I was amazed by my control, everything in me wanted in her now. - Do you have any engagements pending for the future? - - if so, then the next three weeks are mine. -  Yes, I have three weeks until the next performance, i will not be on the road for a couple of months, and i came to the studio the other day ... . - and that's a good deal, I think, then it's just three weeks left of my time ... let's go to bed, tomorrow will be a long day.