, i did not know it at the time, but when i sat down, with her still in my lap, i jumped out of bed, and headed for the bath. Then i heard him say that he had plans to marry someone else. i had never been in the scene before, so when i met Donnie, I thought i had found my soul mate, my soul mate. When i met him in the bathroom, unexpectedly, and he heard me, he was angry, he was angry enough to hit me for asking him, then he spelled out the truth. he called me a foolish little farm girl with rose-colored glasses. , as he put it, everyone is stupid, but he didn’t believe it , he only stayed with me because it was a good career , he thought that being linked to the hottest new number would open up for him, which it did. he thought he would have been stupid to keep it from me. Then he called to me a few times, he knew I wasn’t going to see anyone and as he was my first, I figured this little farm girl must have looked out for him and ignore his infidelity and take her eyes off him because, according to him, I couldn’t find a better man, because everyone in the business cheats. So it took a few months before the world thought me a novelty. a cinderella story. When I opened my eyes this morning, I saw him there, his face relaxed in sleep, so perfectly handsome. He put me in the closet in the business suit. This suit was not in the least able to withstand the cold and the tattoos on his chest and arms were rather plain. Then, one day, he pushed me away, telling me to go back to where we left off, he was an ordinary frock-folk. He said that his story was known all over the place, in the world of big business, in a cinderella. . . . he was a good boxer and had a very good record at school, he fought for an ivy league university, but later turned his back on his studies, he invented some game-software and used the money he had made to start his own company. Since then he had called me a few times, knew that I had no chance of seeing anyone and that since he had been my first friend, this girl had to learn to ignore her infidelity and turn a blind eye, because it was not up to me to find a better man because all the merchants were cheating . . . well, so far it was a pity “He washed my body with his body. . . .” He, with his hand, brushed my body slowly, as though he were paying homage. . . .