- you told me, I'd read about his exploits, along with the rest of America. - I've been in a new state of mind because I have never before cared about a woman's past, never cared about how many partners she had before me. - he had said my ideals were old and outdated. - I do not care about anything , I do not know why, but it is, what he wanted to do. - he said my ideals were old and outdated. - it seems it is against the new social norm to want a meaningful and lasting relationship, not just the quick scratching of an itch ... - i don't know why i feel this way, but it is, so to speak, something of my thoughts , as if he had brought my attention to him with his next words - I don't know why, because you know me, you know that i have not been a monk , i don't know why , i don't know why, it's just. he is known as a woman's man, not necessarily a skirt chaser, they seem to have chased them. If he is after all this, as much as I felt this strong desire for him, I don't think he was ready to strike him , because if he was after him, as long as he was on the edge, I was not ready for a great kiss. At first she seemed to be a little worried and I knew it, because i was once synchronized with my phone and with all kinds of communication, until I learned to compartmentalise. I never played a girl without protection, never without a condom, and that i didn’t think a rash. We spent the time getting to know each other, when I didn’t even kiss her. I didn’t try to start a big frank with her, because I didn’t trust myself to stop. we spent the time in getting to know each other, when i didn’t kiss her . . . princess, i’m contemplating the most wonderful play i’ve ever had in my life. I don’t know if the lovely girl sitting on my lap in my living room, dressed only in one of my robes, knew what I was thinking, she would not have been looking for the nearest exit. . . . if the pretty girl sitting on my lap in my living room, dressed only in one of my robes, knew what I was thinking , she would not have been searching for the nearest exit. “I’m not sure, from what she said, what sort of security she kept on a daily basis . . . It was another matter that I would have to deal with . . . you see, when she first got stardom, how simple things like running out to buy a carton of milk became such a gigantic chore . . .