I would have called her and let her know I was coming, but it was too much for me now. If i had heard her hot voice on the phone, I would have been embarrassed again. I should have taken the jacket off, but I wanted to do it right away ... and now it will last until tomorrow. . . . ” she came running when i cleared the door. I was going in a hurry, but i still didn’t stop kissing her for a long time to undress her. She had a bit of a fascination with the ink on my body, so she ran after me, started on my belt, and then knelt down, i was making a detour, but she couldn’t restrain herself. She just seemed to be enchanted by the ink on my torso and couldn’t help running her tongue over it, so I took care of my belt and the zipper on my pants, and oh, no, i don’t want to do that. I’m off a hair trigger, it’s the slightest thing that gives me a setback, and the next time i’m stuck, i want to go inside. ” , she began to lick me. I was almost ready to pop, but she took my balls and gently tugged them into her mouth. . . . a hand full of her sweet ass, i leaned over her wet heat, sneered, then pulled her back and opened her . . . she was pink and soft, and moist, and she seemed to taste her taste, salty and fresh. She was touched with the slightest touch and I thought it was the first time she had been touched. I had not allowed myself to be entertained by studying her sweet like this, I was waiting for that moment. . . . i threw my head back and knelt down before rubbing the top of my head with her coiled neck, and she had a great control over the singing posture she had had for the last several years. . . . . but the mouth was not ready for me, i had to pull back one of her cheeks to make her lick it. . . . . it's good enough , it doesn't want to stick to you, not this first time . . . , i'll be quiet ...' She fought to let go of me but I stayed firm. ... she rolled up her sleeves and pushed her into my arms, she fought to let go of me, but i held firm ... -- as soon as my balls hit the crack of her mouth , i took her mouth. ... i started in her , if you take an hour to eat meat you'll find me in the womb. I feel like hours instead of minutes, when I finally feel like a deathly form of a man buried in her.