What if he said it, for, like he had said, he knew me, and knew that he wanted to hear it? he was able to make me feel things that i had never felt before, and although his size was a little ill, the pain was more a pleasure than a real pain. i was anxious still more. i had spent some time today looking up all and any information i could find about him on the net. I did not recognize him as such a man. i had no knowledge of him. he was doing me in so many different ways, which he had never done before, and even though the pain was quite uncomfortable, it was more a pleasure than a real pain. This feeling made me feel things i did not know were in me. he had seized me completely, and this was something I had never experienced before. he had seized me, and this was something I had never experienced before. It was the only thing I had ever wanted to do with my father, but now that I was with this man whom i had just met, could he really love me that way without feeling anything? what if he were saying these things because he had learned to understand me and knew that was what he needed to hear? i thought to myself , i thought to myself , he’s so kind and so patient, what if this is all a ruse? ...’ he stood up, took my hand in his, and led me out of the room and into the bedroom.   tell me what it is you’re worried about ...   do you know what those are? – “Mother, let me tell you something ...’ he was standing beside the far-off mirror, taking off my robe and putting it on the floor, while he stood there on my face, barefaced. – “Hickeys!” – that’s one word for them, they’re also called passion traces, but to me, it’s a sign of ownership – it’s a sign of ownership ...’ i’ve never given a woman a couple of these things, ever since I learned what they mean as a young man, and to me they are a sign of ownership. – Let me show you something. – let me show you something. – i forgot you don’t know a thing about men, only this one boy you were playing with ... – Let me show you something. – that’s my mark on you – do you see those marks all over your neck and tucks, and if anyone else sees them, he will scorch your little puffer! " . . But, in a word, she seemed to want to be tired, and I felt it would be good to assure her of it at this moment. . . . , only time would tell her that it was the real deal. . . . . fuck, i was just as confused as she was, but, unlike her, I did not want to let doubts keep me from getting what I wanted . . .