he said. “I don’t know.” “Don’t forget that i’m a businessman . . . i have been trying to show you the property for three weeks, but it seems that it was not enough, so now you’ll have to decide if you want to take a chance at happiness. If that’s what it’s about, you can kill that shit in the right place . . .” I was about to have our first real argument there for a moment, but then she backed down. It seemed to me that we were going to have our first real argument there for a moment, but she didn’t like it. She had come from her parents’ hands and went straight to this supervisor, so she’d been given her own instructions for her whole life. I understand you have doubts and fears, but I’m not going to let them get in the way. . . . I understand that you still have doubts and fears, but I don’t want to let them interfere with the way things are. . . . if that’s what it’s about, you can kill the king now.” I’d been trying to escape the trap for a whole day and had pretty much shut myself up in my office. After a good long time, a letter from the head clerk read to me in one of those poorly written magazines, filled with half-truths and equivocal rubbish . . . i had always seen them, until i saw my wife out of a restaurant in Italy with her ex. . . . so . . . she’s on the way home , yes, and then i’ll be back . . . . i’ll wait , ” . . . . no, i’ll wait ’til she comes back and strangle her in the privacy of our own house. . . . but he said she had not said anything, he played, he didn’t say anything, and he didn’t say anything, he just said, “You’re taking your last show tomorrow night, you’re going to see me?” and the fact that she hadn’t said anything to me just made me angry. " Was you the one who was afraid I might cheat on you?" she said. "It was in the family, and she had never seen me this way before, and she had no idea that the precise movements and tone of the voice were a sure sign that her ass was in trouble . . . "    but I didn't cheat, he was on the tour, because we were dueting, and . . . " ' And you didn't tell me this because . . . "