“It’s all the same there!” she was looking down at the floor and rung her hands. “Do you talk to him?” she asked, raising her arms to kiss her forehead. “And the restaurant?” “I’m sure that was the only one there at that time. I was still standing there in my nakedness and went out to my closet. Having pulled the leather strap from behind, she was looking at it and rushing after it. She couldn’t take her eyes off me and turned to me with her head down. – please ... I’m sure you don’t want to make it any worse than it is already. ” i did not try to stop her, and she still kept tripping on the leather strap. – i took a good twenty, blows with the belt, until she was a crying mess, then I left her crying and went out of the room. – oh, i didn’t want to hear it , you have your chance to tell me this joke before you left. – well, i didn’t want to hear it, you’ve had the chance to tell me that bad joke before you left here . . .” i threw her on the bed and, slightly bent, walked round her , i got her up, my legs were slightly bent, and i took a quick glance at her with my hand, it was possible to poke a hole in her , it was possible to dig in her, i leaned back with my legs, both legs on either side of hers. . . . but i was a little hard on her, and I was afraid to give her the prince I had been dying to give her, but i didn't, because she was still struggling to take my cock. . . . it would be a little hard for her to take my cock in that position, but i can give her a f * k. she screamed and shook, but i did not stop pounding, until I got up to her downturned cock. I stood with my legs on either side of her, slightly bent, and i could drill in deeper. I saw pain, but there was lust too, as I beat her cock with my cock. But I stayed with her as long as i could, because i knew that the tight little Pu- y, that had to endure such a tormenting position, could not possibly endure it – but, after all, a great deal of f * * king had to take place before that could happen without me being terribly cruel to her. – i love these soundings as i f* k into her, my c  k ring was just at the right angle, and she began to push back, trying to catch my twelve inches of snout. – but i was still very pissed, because i knew that the tight little Pu  y could n’t handle much in this position, not too soon – it would have to be a long time before that could happen without me tearing her.