She kept clenching her neck and licking it hard, but it hurt her a lot. I slammed my elbows into her body, licked into her cheeks and nose, and let her cling to my chest. . . . ” . . . . and slapped her as soon as he shook it , he screamed and came in my mouth, and i jumped back up and shoved her away from me, her body still shaking and her shouts were cut to low, low cries, she tried to grab her hand under her, but a hard hit on her cheek stopped her from a halt, she fell on the bone and bowed to me , she turned around and came back. . . . i pulled out and licked her, deep into her cheek, screamed and came in my mouth, but a hard smack on her cheek stopped her in her tracks , oh , oh , you dragged me down , i m raging at you , oh, you drew me up, oh, do you drew me up, oh, you do not deserve my seed, ” I went to the kitchen, ate the dinner she had made, and made myself a sandwich before going to my study. it took me hours to feel a little human again. Then i called on the details I had been following her without her knowing, and got the same report. She had been robbed of two million roubles in two years, money that I didn't even know. I've never thought she'd cheated on me, but I don't want her to do anything at all to him . before confronting him, i still waited for the results of the detailed investigation of all those who had anything to do with her career. And the information about her businessman didn't look very good, too, it's just as if he was utilizing her for his own purposes , as i said, it was as if he were merely exploiting her for his own gain . from what they said, he hounded her all the time she was there, but she seemed disinterested . . . so, there it was in the world , i stood over her for hours until my heart started to fall. she was in her sleep and already very awake ... - i pushed her hair back so that i could look into her eyes as i stroked my c- -k into her ... - she squirmed a little, until she woke up ... - sigh , it's okay, i'm here ... - she whispered to me ... - he cried... he was in the middle of her, ... a little girl. ... - ' Be silent ... - I threw her to her back, and slipped into the wet heat ...