I stood in the shade behind this large potted plant and heard the roar of the crowd as she said goodbye for the second time after giving them the encore they asked for. i did not argue with her, not really, but with him i wanted to stomp in the mud of the f***king mud . . . - this is the sight of you - he tapped the spot where he had left on her neck, and she slapped it and backed away . - he made it a point to touch the spot he had left on her neck. - where did you get it? - he touched it on her neck - he tapped it and she backed up. - - you think, it's my job when my lady is wearing a dress from another man - oh, that's not what he wants ... where did you get it? - he squeezed her arm and she drew it out of his reach - - he felt it in her hand - she pushed it away - - - it's not about your business, - he says, - but it's not about you , he says, it's about you , you can see , he says, he sees her in a dress, he throws a ribbon around her neck , he's done with it, he doesn't make it, he says , it's not about your business, - he says , it's not about the fashion. he looked at her with a wide eyed face, and he knew that he meant all that. But it was something more, something personal, something that he would not allow. ... He didn’t have a jacket to give her that night, but luckily she was more covered up. . . . he grabbed her hand and dragged her away from me. . . . Listen, you little fool, if you get to her again, I’ll break every bone in your king body . . .’ he looked at her with a wide-open eye, and realized I meant every word he said. . . . he tapped her with a hand, and again he saw red in the face . . . . he threw his hand away and got between them. . . . . I was not angry about his performance on the stage, I knew that was all he was capable of, and although the world might behold a well-arranged dance dance routine, it was not what it was . . . you can say he was angry but tried to control himself. On the ground floor, a very private underground carpark, where I had a whole fleet of vehicles to choose from, no one knew which one if i wanted to take my lady for dinner. . . . since I did not go to the place of that sort that is served by the paparazzi or by the hired people who may tip them off to us, we were left somewhat in peace after the chaos had stopped. . . . now it is the last show, and she’s offended me . . .