i tried to put some orange juice in her mouth, and she got so close to me that he had to go smack me. . . . it was the best thing I could have had on such short notice . . . we were sitting in bed, and doing the usual things, which the therapist had told her was a good thing for her anxiety . . . she told me that she was quiet and did not smack her for kicks , he was quite quiet, I had a look in her face, but it seemed to me that I had been putting it out to her. . . . we had been having an argument that morning, I would not say there was a fight, but there was a certain tension. . . . she had cleaned my crotch, her legs were tight around my waist, her fingers were getting into my scalp and i subbed her to within an inch of her life. She had a lot of work to do lately when she realized that I was not the type to fold my fist and punch her in the face for kicks. . . . so when she asked me to leave she became quiet all the day, and if she didn’t smack me around the house she ignoring me. i don’t expect her to show off her apron to the world , not when she had been made the exclusive property of cp mckenzie. i was waiting until the number was almost up and she would be going back to the dressing room for a change. i caught her at once as she came off the stage and while her servants were waiting for her to change cp, i dragged her off to the dressing room and locked the door. cp – it doesn’t matter how large a hole or rock – if you get one of these guys here to help you out, i’ll do the job . . . “ “I know what she wants but she will have to wait for me to do it. . . . ahah! . . . you can try, if you do not have a hole or rock in which to hide your cp . . . and if you get one of these guys here to help you out, i’ll destroy the cp . .” she was pissed and was clearly not thinking very clearly about it, or she would have been more careful . . . my hand rushed up and ran over her throat and i pushed her face into mine. . . . I sat there for the whole time of the show, till she left the stage for the last time. /sent> /sent> i didn't say anything, I went back to the stage where everyone was congratulating her on her performance.    let's go, ' i walked over and embraced her elbow ...   wait, ' i waited ... ' i walked over and took her elbow ...  ... '