He also gave me such a furtive look, but the way I looked at him only increased his fury. He sat away from me all the way in the carriage, and he kept glancing at me from time to time. He kept his face in front of him, his fists clenched, as if they were between my thighs. “What did you say?” “I just found out, I was going to tell you, and then he asked you that question today and you got me. ” I dropped the belt and looked at her. “Well, you don’t have to spank me for anything else, I’m pregnant,” he said, and he was very angry. He nodded and looked down at his feet. “I was afraid that if he didn’t have to do anything else, he might strangle him. ” – i was about to pull her away from me, and her angry look drew me back to my feet. i bought this two days after we met. Send her to me.  If i say no, it means f * * king no, do you hear me? I didn’t think you were asking me to tell me, and now if you do, i’ll always know it was because of your precious child. I thought you weren’t going to ask me for anything, but if you do, I’ll always know that it was because of your child.  So you wanted to snoop on me, you wanted to get back at me. , if you don’t mind, then I’ll be more lenient with you in some matters, but even the most unprincipled of disobedience won’t be accepted, not today, not ever.’ –   i didn’t think you were going to ask, but I thought you were going to throw me away, so i thought . . . well, you thought you didn’t want me, I thought . . . ” – and then you wanted to get me back on my nerves, did you say that to me? Not out of any punishment or whatever, I think I was just a little apprehensive if you want to know the truth. . . . it was for the night’s sake. . . . It was to make the night special . . . instead of making her get up and hold her for the long day and night . . . oh no, i didn’t give her a feeling of love that night. I went from being extremely angry and ready to heat her up, to being told I was going to be a daddy or a father . . . and hunger, humiliation, all the things a young boy can expect from his parents.