This wedding was very private in my hometown . . . and it was beautiful. he had hired a new management, when i told him i was a little unsure what to do . . . he threatened to fire my wardrobe staff, unless he had a meeting and he got what he wanted. . . . and he seemed to be right, he didn’t have to be half naked on stage to make a point. he had managed to leave his job for almost two months and accompany me . . . he gave me one of his looks and that was that . . . he said to me, 'You know, we can do the wedding,' and he had said to me, 'you know, we can do it.' that’s when I saw the other side of him. he had hired all the new people, after I told him that I was unable to make a decision, he had threatened to fire all the dressers before they had a chance to talk about something, but he wanted to do it before he really started showing . . . it was a small ship . . . ‘It looks like we have another!’ he cried, who was so furious that he threw the poor woman’s head out of my face. Fortunately, she picked it up. I tried to call her on her cell phone once more. I shrieked, hoping to tell her my good news, but she did not answer. Thankfully, she picked it up. ‘Well,’ I cried, clinging to the phone, when allison screamed to me: ‘I know what a king – oh, oh, oh, oh, oh! ’ he was ready to tear my poor girl’s head off before she had explained it. In the end, a new chapter appeared in which I yelled at my mother’s phone. i kept screaming, and my excitement turned into a wild jig around my small room. My mother pressed her phone button hard enough to use the number two, but she was unable to answer. Luckily she did ring. I gave up and pressed the number 2 on my old flip-up-phone to connect to my best friend Allison. She would have to tell me soon about him, we couldn’t keep secrets with each other for long. “Allison is here, too,” she says when she finally takes a breath. “Since you sat here, he’s also here,” she says when she finally breathes. “I’m so proud of you, my darling, if you only think about all those hundreds and hundreds of hours you’ve put in for this moment!”