I’m always hiding in the middle of the halls; my shyness overwhelms me in these big lecture classes. i hid in the back of the halls, in the middle of the corridors; my shyness overwhelms me in those big lectures. I don’t normally wear anything but chapstick, but i have watched some YouTube videos and feel confident that i can mimic certain techniques , i put on a small mirror and put on a little concealer, blush, brown eye shadow and black mascara . I put on a pair of trousers and some low-cut heels that probably need to be cool but they’ll have to do. i had promised myself that if he were at the party , i’d introduce myself , i have only one thing I can wear tonight , a simple black camisole with lace trimmings, which i bought at the mall despite miriam and allison’s naysaying , it’s just the kind of shirt i’ve seen other girls wearing at parties. i’ve never been able to get the courage to speak to him and besides, he always has a different girl on his arm . . . i’ve bought an eyeliner, but I don’t use it , it’s probably a bit too late for me , it’s just not something i’m good at . . . My head sank to the floor, and the spring air was rising; I felt in my soul a degree of coolness, and a sort of petit blonde – the sort of girl everyone regards as a friend – and – isn’t that awesome! – i looked back for a moment, and a feeling of satisfaction overcame me: no more drinks, no more conversations about classes, no strangeness in the neighborhood of nate thornhill . . . she yelled from the other side of the street – i waved and waved. I could not believe that you’d got a garden room, oh, oh, that’s amazing! . . . and you don’t know the time, don’t worry, ’ he says, ‘never mind here,’ he says, trying to put me off. . . . I haven’t been back for a long time, but I think I’m ready for a party. The rules of my way to the harbour club are very simple, and you can see the very basic rules by now , i remember . . . three drinks, no talk about school. ... it's good. ... it's the sweat and the stench of beer that greetes us. ... the lights are dark, only a few metres from the throng of people who were sitting in the main hall. ... my heels stray onto the sticky floor. ... a tall, stout fellow says, sweeping her up into his arms ...