I felt a sharp breath coming into my throat, then his mouth twitched and he tried to hold it up in the pain. Suddenly he yanked away his hand and I managed to hold it back for a while so the fork didn't hit my leg. he turned to me and smiled, a vile gleam in his eyes . . . he turned to me and smiled at me too. . . . he's just coming to get revenge for his showing me in front of his father. He had a grand plan. . . . the whole evening a wreck for me, and i must give myself some time to absorb it all. . . . after the waitress clears our coffee cups and pierced the bill with a black piece of paper, we get up and say good-bye to him, we're going to drive back to maryland to pay the bill in three hours . . . i can hear him breathing loudly, and he twitches his mouth a bit, trying to get himself accustomed to his pains . . . and now he's going to tell his father what he's doing, to be a revenge on me . . . he's coming to do me a favour, but he's not taking pity on me. I've been wanting to get ready for our meeting ever since, but it's pierce who insisted on me, so he had to convince me. ' It's a pretty big house,' she added, pointing to the right. ' You'll be fine, sir,' she replied. ' It's nice to have someone to cook with , and he doesn't care, he treats me like a princess . . . ' oh, i didn't say that, sir, but i said that pierce treated me like a princess. ' So you have asked me about pierce, or me and pierce, and i won't be upset.' ' Oh, I don't understand it, sir, i'm sure pierce treats me like a princess . . .' - and he will send me home from the airport. . . . I can talk a great deal . . . and the house is a castle, ' she added, pointing to her right . ... I was dreadfully afraid of seeing him again, and hoped I'd have more time to settle in before our first confrontation. Then after the tour, which took more than an hour, because it's such a large house, my mother led me to my room. My head was swimming with excitement at the abundance of my new place ... he must be nearby somewhere ...