, there's a lot of rooms here, i'd much rather have separation. Besides, the house is so big, i'd have liked to have more space between us.  - here's Nate's room,' my mother says, passing a partially open door.  - he's out there right now, he says, - he's out in the world ... ' i want to stop my dreaming about him, and the less he talks about me, the more it will bother me. ' - you don't want to share, don't do anything ...' i say to myself, 'Oh, is it really me?' - my mother says gaily.  he says, 'this is your room, - here's your room, - it's your room! - i said, - she put the door open, and all my fears about the room vanish. - "Here's your room - he walked right past the bathroom, the floor is white, the bed is huge, and the curtains are crisp and elegant, and the paper is blue and white with birds, which compliments the light, airy feeling of the room. - I look to the left ... i jumped up, i ran to the kitchen, i turn into a formal dining room, and then I went into the kitchen. i recognize nate’s head walking up to the pool, his shoulder tucked on the chair , he swung the stick over the water and wiped the sweat off his face, he threw it on a chair and threw his shoes off . . . he jumps into the pool and i watch him swim a lap , the cool blue water cascades over his muscular back and shoulders , i get a little nervous as he jumps into the pool , he jumps into the pool, and he runs and i see him swim in the pool, the cool blue water cascades over his spine and shoulders. . . . in my eyes this is my normal . . . it's a grown woman, i don't control her and i don't take responsibility for her decisions ... and besides, i'm terribly relieved to not have to carry student loans for the rest of my life . . . he was very quick in getting married, but I think it's just a case of me becoming a mom again and a mother again. . . . and he's getting on the lacrosse and crew team, he's good , he's smart ... ' he says, 'good ... but what if he's looking for me?' ' well,' says my mother, hearing a slight hesitation in my voice . . . ' ' well, nate's really well known in the school. He starts on the lacrosse and crew team, he's a good lacrosse player ...' '