I was able to tell from my eyes that he was one of those people who had cheated on him, who had abandoned him and nate, who never saw her. “Well, that's a fine man ... he's a fine man, he's a bit too much,” he said, lowering himself a little and letting himself be pushed by my sandwich as he walked over to a lawn chair and sat down. - he’s put his shirt on, but it clings to his still damp body, emphasizing his strong shoulders and pecs. - “Well, nate, would you like a sandwich?” - my mother smiles. - he pauses, and sits down in her chair a little reluctantly. - he’s a bad boy , he doesn’t want to talk about that - it’s too painful. - he’s taken to talking, and it’s not pleasant , he says, a little churlishly. - he stops, and sits down again in her abandoned chair. - Well, that’s a joke , it’s funny that you and brynn have never met at school ... – so she is now here to make dinner with nate’s ex-fiancée, a girl whom I had been chatting with in high school,” nate explained. - “But how long have you been here?” my mother said, raising her sandwich in front of nate. “That will give you a few days to settle down,” – “but a friend? And not a friend at all, really – just a friend! – “So she is pretty, very pretty , very sweet, and so pretty , a kind lady, and so nice , a nice young lady, a young woman , a girl , a friend of mine ... - my mother says, slammed the sandwich in front of nate. – “Well, honey, you say you will start your internship on monday, ok? that will give you a few days to settle down, ” - my mother says, putting the sandwich in front of nate. – “So, if she has any food restrictions?” – my mother asks, jumping into hostess mode. – oh, what a beautiful girl , very pretty , very pretty, ... oh, wonderful! – and oh, she's lovely , very pretty ... and very sweet ... and a lady , I want, it's good, and ... well, what a great day this is going to be? I know the manner in which this conversation takes place and wish to keep my distance.  I am certain that twenty-six percent of women meet their husbands in college. /sent>  oh, thank you, brynn,' pierce says, and I place the plates on top of each other.   ... All the same,' says nate, as I reach in front of him to take his plate.   oh, thank you, brynn,' says pierce, as i  stack the plates on top of each other.   ? i answered.