he looks up at me and raises his eyebrows, which are inaccessible beneath the eyes, and pierce laughs. "Isn't that true?" he asks, but the truth is that he has never really been with anyone, as my mother constantly pushes me and so much so that he is embarrassed. " Ah, yes," i say, blushing as I go through the sliding door of the kitchen. i put the china carefully by the sink and leaning on the counter. "Don't you know him?" i say, evasively, with a polite smile. "My god, i feel like i'm not going to say anything about nate. . . . . " i cannot believe it at this moment, i answer, and sit down. " Do you know who it is?" nate asks me, raising his eyebrows, unable to make out his eyes. "I merely wanted to go up to the bathhouse; and a light wind from the river drew me on; and I gave up hope for many years. But look at him; why do you blame me for coming back, if I do not return?" she said with a grin, and then her eyes widened. "Well, i'm going to go upstairs; but I don't want to go up. " i'm going down the steps and turning towards the garden. They lead out onto the lawn; and I step out, with relief, closing the door behind me. The wood-paneled steps of the rocky beach are on the right, and it takes me a minute to find them in the dark. I have no white sand beach, and after a rain the river is dangerously fast, and there are even white sand brooks in some parts. I walk on the first floor of the garden, then down to the grassy lawn, where there is a lacrosse goal set up at one end. The winding water is pounding wildly through the rocks, which are lit only by the small houses which are on the cliffs surrounding it. I must go downstairs. I reach the gate and turn to the french doors in the study. They open on to the terrace, and I step out with relief, closing the door behind me. My mother is happy, and I am fortunate to live in such a place . . . I wish I could follow it . . . I look at it, fluttering in the air, a kind of flying inkblot in the dark sky. I turn and walk back to the steps, as lonely as I have ever been . . .