When i walked down the lower lawn, I looked up and saw my mother and the chandelier of the bedroom light gone out. They must be opening at one o’clock, and i was sure it was early , the lights downstairs were all out, except one in the hall, and the lights from the pool were out. My eyes darted around and fell upon two writhing bodies on a lounge chair. I heard the sound of my feet tapping, and I knew that nate would be off to the basement , he was on his way to the back, but my body kept its stubbornness, even as it was throbbing with desire. . . . my brain called me to do something, but my body still remained firmly seated, even as it was throbbing with desire. My brain commanded me to do anything, but I didn’t . . . i felt the door knob turn, and pushed the door open in a flash. nate was rubbing her good breasts with his expert hand and the other disappeared under her . . . . “My God, what am I doing! ... ” he suddenly shouted, and I almost burst out in a hiccup, as if he were moving against me, his hands were touching me. . . . I felt the heat of his breath coming from inside me, and he was putting his own fingers into my ears as he moved inward. . . . In his wavy hair, he wore a wavy smile and bowed to the floor. : he jumped down, threw the book down on the bed and walked to it, hoping and praying that it was not Nate. : did dana, did you? - no, I didn't tell her. - thank God -  - I - he said calmly, inclining his chin slightly, - how did you think about it? - he asked me calmly, tilting his chin a little as he looked at me - he asked, leaning forward, and leaning his forearm against the doorframe, he felt it warm in his neck. - he smirks - he fell into a frown, feeling the heat under my neck. - he - he smirks - "did you see us?" - he said, squinting his eyes. -  - oh, i ... i ... i ... i didn't mean it, i just ... i was at the river ... - how did you ... - he asked me calmly, putting his chin up a little and looking at me - did dana ... He looked past me, to my book on the bed. “Nothing, nothing, just a book,” I said, but he was running past me toward it ... I swallowed hard ... he was looking at me with a smug smile. ... He seemed to be aiming at me with a grimace ... he jumped up and down before me and threw up his eyes and began to stare at me with a slight smile ... he said, looking at me with a smile ...