I began to pull my hair tighter, and I couldn't help feeling one of the posts of my bed against my back ... - - - why do you want me? - he said, stepping forward. - - so, you want me? - he asked, lowering his eyebrows, - he says, - and he step forward, - and he pulls his arm. - - you want me, you don't want me, you just want to kiss me, don't you? - he says, frowning, - - i have the urge to pull back, but i have no intention of giving him any satisfaction. - - he says, stepping towards me, - he says, stepping toward me, - I can't, i will kiss you now, - and you can only tell me to stop, - he whispers, teasing me, - he whispers, teasing me. - - why are you ? - he says, looking at me. - - " - i am a new girl! - says constance, swaying. - he stares at me for a moment, then pushes off the bed-post and walks back. - he leans forward, kissing his lips as he speaks, and - I see he tries to be like me , he pushes himself away from me and leaves. - i feel that whatever is happening between me and my stepbrother, i still haven't seen the end of it yet. - i was afraid that if I let him kiss me, he would lose his power in our relationship, and he would be a pathetic girl who fell for his charms. - i was stunned, but I also wanted to stand up. - i wanted to have a will, i knew that if i allowed him to kiss me, he would be a way out of my way forever, I would be a pathetic girl who fell for his charms. - he pulled the bedpost out and went toward the door, without looking back. - he was looking at me for a moment, then pushed the bedpost aside and went back. - he closed his mouth, he was going to say something, but no sound came out. - he looked at me for a minute, then pushed the bedpost away and came back - his eyes stayed on my lips for a moment, looked at me, then looked at me, he pushed off the bedpost and stood back, he sighs and gets back on his bed. I’ve never benefited from nepotism before, and now it seems to me strange and awkward . . . ok, i’d like to have lunch later on this week, but i’m having lunch with my friend allison, and she’s a resident planner at this city council in georgetown, so i’m going to meet her . . . Oh, georgetown has some afro-food stores . . . and we’re going to uva together, and she’s a student at this municipal planning firm in georgetown, so i’m going to meet her . . .