The story he was telling me doesn't match what you said. ' There was a lot of funny smiles in that world then . . . but he looks like a bad man . . . God, i don't think you're going to be good friends with someone like that . . .' ' No, he did, he didn't, he was nice . . .' he stopped for a moment. ' Do you see her?' he said, pointing to a smiling little boy with a smile on his face. ' That's the year my mother left,' he said quietly, 'the picture is a school painting from elementary school. Three rows of smiling kids, their teacher standing next to them, smiled, he said . . . ' i feel that my mouth is making a soft movement to my mouth and that the little head is bringing me closer to him. It's a sort of first hint that there is something else underneath his confident appearance. His lips are grazing my mouth, then he lays his lips on my chest and puts his hand on my ass. As we kiss, a beautiful feeling rushes through me, completely different from anything I've felt at such close a relationship with jackson. His lips hug me, his fingers slip into my stomach and my stomach is felt, the tongue goes into my throat, the tongue goes deeper into my mouth, and the hands drag me nearer to his body , he covers my waist with his hands, his hands go up to my chest , he presses his tongue against it, my hands go up to my chest , i put my palms against his chest and feel the beating heart in his chest as he gives me a kiss - that is the first hint that there is something else beneath his completely confident exterior - his tongue goes deeper into my mouth, his hands pull me close to his body , he lays his arms around his neck and tries to get hair off his collar , he puts one hand on my stomach , he is erection pushing against my stomach , he puts one hand over my ass , he wants nothing more than to take my clothes off, jump on his bed, be slandered by him ... . . . before i open it, wishing to say something that he felt, but he wouldn’t. I shiver under the covers, trying to work out the twists that this night has given me. . . . i open the door and close it softly behind me before rushing to my room . . .