, he is a good fellow, and he is now a great man , he says, and steps towards the door . . . - why? he says, and he stretches out his hand to stop him. - - and what does he want, he says, to take my chances? - he says, stepping up and walking towards me - - no, it was not so. - he says, and then he gets up. - - you are mad because i said you had a birthday, but you try to ruin my date, and - - i say to him, - and he says: - that's the second time you came in front of me ... - - you are mad because i told you your mother called you, so you try to ruin my date ... - - he says, stepping forward, - and he says: - - "Well, i guess he did not want to, but he does not feel like it - so, why do you care, why do you care? - he says, and he is standing up. he starts to walk away for a moment and snatches his shirt away carelessly, revealing the marvel of his body. Thousands of hours spent at the gym, on and off the field, have painstakingly sculpted his muscles into a freakish masterpiece for the benefit of women ... and he presses his tongue over my chest, his muscles resembling a horn, my knees buckle as he presses his tongue, and he clutches at my neck with his hand. I feel the nipple harden under my palms, and i feel the enlarged stifling of his cock pressing against my thigh ... the thought drives me crazy, i feel my heart become saturated with desire, my body beset with illicit, sinful desires ... and then he falls on his knees in front of me and leans forward and kisses me gently on my stomach ... he falls on his knees in front of me, leans forward and kisses me gently on my belly ... i shout involuntarily as he puts my breast into his mouth, sucking my nipple ... no man has ever made me feel that ... i cry out as he sucks my right breast into his mouth and swallows hard on it ... i stretch out my hands under his shirt and finally feel the body he snatches for so long ... He lifts my pants a little and runs his tongue over the exposed skin ... he begins to shake, his anxious desire and nerves shivering, he pulls my underwear down to my ankles. . . . i feel his warm breath on my skin, just a moment before his mouth is already on me, kissing me and licking my most intimate places ...