I moan involuntarily, - it's so new, it's even better ... he's so sly , he comes down, he squeezes my arm, he hits with his tiger's tooth, he licks with his fingers, slowly, his head falls down, he licks his cheek, he licks with his tongue - and he starts licking slowly, he pulls his finger out of my mouth, carefully goes to my cheek, he slowly turns it around, and he grunts in satisfaction at my wetness - my eyes enlarge as I taste on his lips, he tucks his tongue inside me - he reaches up and puts his finger to my cheek, he instinctively takes it into my mouth, he licks, he sucking, he thought, how amazing it would be to do that to another part of him ... he slaps his finger into my mouth, he slowly turns it round and he yells with his mouth. - " Oh God, nate ... " he exclaims with a wicked smile, undoing the belt, unzipping the pants in one swift motion, then tucking them and his boxers into the ground ... he reaches up, puts his finger to my lips, and instinctively puts it in my mouth, licks and sucking his finger, thinking how extraordinary it would be to lick it to another part of him ... he carefully puts it in my mouth and carefully droops it down. he rolls his mouth, the words are all over my mouth , he carries his arms back and looks me in the face ... he mutters in a muffling voice ... and then, you know, a kiss... ” he squirms. - “I just wanted to tell you, or warn you, maybe, in case if he's not very good—” he mutters, biting my earlobe. – “What are you doing, a virgin?” he says, he starts worrying. “You know, how... a virgin are you?” - he begins to squeal, – “Yes, yes, it is, if he has kissed you... ” - he nods and looks at me, he pulls back, looks me in the eye . . . he doesn’t know how to answer, he only said , he walked over to me and then suddenly sat there on his back, he rolled his eyes, he leaned forward and looked at me in the eyes, - he started to look nervously ... You're ambitious ... you're great ... but, like I said before, I don't lie to women and say that I'm interested in something else, when I don't ... /seeso you're not a good man ... oh, no, I've seen it all...  - Could you close your eyes? -    Brynn, i've seen it ... '