Then she looked down at her dress and then at him again. She shook her head with her hands.   is all right?’ she said softly, and her face covered with her hands. ‘ Oh, god!’ she whispered.    ah, god,’ she whispered. ‘The first time I made a fool of myself coming to you, and now I’ve gotten on your nerves like some girl in a fraternity who can’t stand a beer.’ She raised her arms to him and made her a hold of him on the bed. ‘All right,’ she said, and he pulled her over to the bath, holding her by the shoulders. ‘Hey, you don’t have to be ashamed , just come along, and let’s get you a towel.’ he slid his arm around her waist and helped her down the stairs to the bedroom. Once he felt the water was warm, he set to work, and he placed her against the basin and stepped out to the bath. Finally he nodded , he put his hands in his lap and tried to block out the whiteness of the images that were racing through his mind. But he could not have taken her in his arms and he had to fight to the end. His mouth in the water, his tongue flicking her back, and his hands curving around her ribs to hold her breasts. , he put on a pair of cloth shirts which he knew would be too big and too long for her, and then put it on over her emaciated university t-shirt. He sat the dress down on the counter. His jaw sank into the corners of her mouth and he nodded with a half smile. he picked up a spare toothbrush from underneath the counter and put it next to the cloth he was putting on - he nodded, he coughed and said, 'I'm done .' he nodded. " Please help me,' he said. She said to him, “Everything is fine.” She listened with an anxious look to the door, which opened and her breath was mixed with tears. She stood there peering in. “Yes, that’s fine.” . . . she jumped at the voice. “Sir, thank you again for your dress and for letting me shower.” She listened to him in silence. Megan, looking afresh and fresh-faced, seemed so pretty as she approached the bedroom. She chewed on her lip, and looked up to him from the bed.