When I look back, i see that a house very much like ours is standing on a hill in the distance ... a house that is no bigger than it is, a barn that has been converted, but a townhouse ... a little less ... more ... a charm... a spark... a house, just like ours ... a little less ... it was more ... character... a little more ... a little more ... he says, the house was more comfortable for two people, but it seems to me more comfortable for four. ... - a-tie, the whole thing is a bit unusual ...  a-tie, you don't want kids, don't you? - i ask, surprised, but I take it and brush my fingers with it, with my long fingers ... "  and he takes it, brushing my fingers as he slams them in. - he laughs, - i asked him, amazed. - You are the girl, I ask, and he laughs, you know, that being a girl is a longer distance from you, and a woman, it's more? - he laughs. No wonder he is so surprised. We have now reached the top of the road on the abyss, on a dirt path that winds around the big boulders. Now that we are going along the current, it is much less time to return to the boat house. he is right: it is much cooler under the trees, but still as humid as ever. We have got a little bit higher over the puddles, on a path winding through the trees.  Give me an oar and help him turn the kayak.  - I can feel a pinch in my throat as we pull into the deeper water.   is it? i asked, pointing to a three-leafed plant at the bottom of a tree.  - well, it's better, it's better, he says happily, thank you for asking .  - You're not weak enough for sport,' nate said, and he did indeed say that it was not in the conversation that the conversation had stopped. I do not see where it is, he replied, bending his neck. - Oh, duh! - he teases me. - O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O! - he scolded me. - Oh, how dare you, how dare you! - I repeat, walking off the path and into the undergrowth. - Wait, there, - he says, pointing to an ivy growing on the trunk of a tree on the riverside of the path. - Where? - - I repeat, pointing to an ivy growing on a tree trunk on the bank of the river ... oh, duh! - he cries, craning his neck.