“That was a little high for me, bro, in the morning, when I had just cleaned the glass of water I had drained from the table when i dropped a piece of chicken onto my shirt. “It's all my fault,” he said, “and I don't think it's dangerous. Don't you think he's sorry he couldn't go today?” “It doesn't seem dangerous,” i said to nate. - he wanted to teach me to recognize poison ivy and i walked straight off the path. He pulled me up and taped my ankle with a pin. “No, thank you,” my mother repeated. - We both stood and picked up two plates and entered the kitchen. - oh, it was not dangerous, but he stopped me and stood up. - he leaned over and took me by the hand. - what's so amusing about it?” - he said, looking at his son, who was dead quiet. - he stopped and bowed to me. - “I'll help you to clear the table, mother ... Then I opened the door of the door of my bedroom, and waited for him to get into the bedroom. . . . i ran into the room, tore off my dress, and rubbed my legs, and took a little less than usual, and shaved my sides, going slightly narrower than normal. I still didn’t have a chance to get out the sweat from the walk yesterday and the hike today, and now I want to smell like roses, if it’s so. I’m not sure if this is sex, but i’m trying not to think too much. i ran over to my computer and sat down, i know that Nate will probably wait for our parents to go to bed before he does anything, so I have a couple of hours left to go. I take off my sports bra and a pair of underwear and then take a look in the mirror, I put my hands over my breasts and over my stomach. I’ve seen a lot of girls at school go completely naked, but I can’t get myself to go that far. i pull out my clothes and put on my clothes, and it’s a good idea to look at my ankle and whether it’s okay to get wet. I am going to go to the bathroom, without being able to stand it, wincing, my right leg is too heavy. I get up, brush my teeth, ... As i am brushing my teeth, a soft knock is heard, ... and I go back to the room and see the door open and nate has hit his head ... My heart throbs in my chest ...