- aah, brynn, oh, fuck, brynn!" he shouts as he releases himself. He takes off his hand from my bra and leans forward with both hands on the bra. My legs still rest on his shoulders, and in this position I feel a great stretch in my hamstrings. - he takes off his hand and leans forward, so that his palms are both spread out on the bra. - he pulled up his head and listened for a while. - he snorted and leaned forward, and he lifted his head and listens for a moment. - this may make me nervous with other men, but i feel entirely safe with nate. - he shouts intelligibly, and nate's eyes flash up at me. - oh, oh, god, he is so heavy on me - he hits me so hard and i feel he is crushing me. - oh, good, he says with a wicked smile and begins to kiss the middle of my chest as he falls on his knees on the floor. - nate, what are you - oh, god, he is beating me - oh, God, he is a curse to me, he is very fast, and he knows how to love me - he is strong, but is totally free and harmless - he says with a wicked smile and starts to kiss my middle chest as he flings himself on the floor - he says with a wicked smile, kisses me in the middle of my chest And he only said "no," he paused for a moment, opening a drawer. . . . and he pulled out a drawer. . . . . . i started to sigh, a wave of pleasure was heard in my soul, my body was trying to pound, but when Nate's hands touched me and he shook my head and hips, my energy was not given the opportunity to use it to its full effect. . . . . so i sat down. "How could I let him have all that energy?" - i sighed, he unlocked a chest of drawers and jumped up. "We should get ready," he repeated, shaking me quickly, and running back to the door . . . - " Oh God," i said, yawning, as I sat up. - "Oh, how does he get all that energy? - oh, no, I didn't say that - "yes, but we can do that ourselves, let's say ... " I was just yawning, he stopped for a moment, he pulled open the drawer, he paused, opened the dresser, he shook his hands in front of me and, his tongue, tapped my back, - my energy had no choice but to be entirely directed to what he was telling me. I'm really not going to like him . . . - You must force yourself to take a look, because sometimes I'm just staring at me, thinking how he took me the night before. . . . i would love to go home to see allison at six o'clock today, but i promised her a shopping trip . . .