But what will he do with you tonight, Brynn?' he asked, looking at my dress. ' You have high shoes?' he asked, glancing at my trousers. ' Let me put them on,' he said with a smile. ' You are not different from me, you are like me, it's not about your face, it's about your height . . .' he tosses the dress at my feet and twirls his hand from my knee down to my inner thigh. ' What do you want to do with you tonight, brynn?' he asks, turning his head a little, to see me from other angles. ' Stand up,' he says abruptly, 'and he looks at me, licks his lips, then he closes his eyes. ' Yes, it's not about the appearance, it's about the height. ' he has barely touched me, and i feel the warmth emanating from his body. - he trembles a little, he barely touches me, and I can already feel how wet I am against my new trousers. - he draws his fingers on my arm, just above where the shirt is holding me up to the bed. - he trembles his fingers lightly on my arm, he barely touches me, my mouth opens, my heart beats, - he is measuring the length of one leg, then the other, and he traces the length of one leg, then he goes to the other - his fingers - he runs down my chest and down the middle of my bra , just as i thought he would skip the breasts completely, he reverts and only grazes the tops of my breasts, just above the cups , he stops for a moment, then continues, his touch leaves a burning trail across my body - his fingers run straight down my chest and down the middle of my bra , he drops lightly on my arm and barely touches me , my mouth opens and my heart is speeding up , he cuts off my legs and goes to the other leg, he runs through one leg, then moves to the other. - brynn, tonight I will make you ask for it, understand? " he steps into me, his legs widening my waist, his arms tightened round my waist . . . and my mouth is wide open to him, and our tongues are lightly pressed together . . . and the full contact is sweet relief, though I must admit it does make me want more . . . his right hand glides over my ass and pulls me against his erection . . .