I can hear him coughing, and it could be that he’s been pushing his shirt over his head, but I can’t make out. . . . he starts pulling my breasts out, and his thumbs cling to my nipples as he puts them in his hands, and suddenly he presses my right nipple into my mouth, and he sucks it, then moves to my other side. He presses his fingers against the front of my bra, and then he feels his fine fingers grab the top of my new bra, squeezing it under the neck for a minute, then he is a-goining to kiss my stomach, for a minute, and suddenly begins to massage my stomach, stopping for a moment to press his tongue in my belly button. - he whispers. - he kisses with his fingers on the narrow strips of fabric along the sides of my bra - he whispers, he rubs his fingers across the narrow strips of fabric on the sides of my bra, he begins to massage more firmly, and suddenly he takes my right nipple in my mouth, he holds it in his hands, and he opens it, the tongue goes over it, he swallows, and then he goes to the other side ... the pleasure has already reached a point where I can no longer think. - He reaches into me and catches hold of one of my legs and ties it around his waist, - he slashes and squeezes - he starts, he starts, he stops - he leans back, and with a hard blow of his tongue - my flesh trembles. - he moves his other hand, but he strokes it into my throat and tugs on my clit - he snatches two fingers from his other hand, and make a beckoning movement - i moan when he reaches the opening of my breast, he drags his mouth aside, my knees buckle at the empty feeling he has left behind - - he leans back, he thrusts his tongue into my chest and kisses it hard, then he starts kissing me slowly again - he will - he wants me to come - he wants me to come ... - please ... please ... i want you now ... please ... i want you now ... i need you, please ... please ... nate ... i want you to come ... he tries to fill me with pleasure, but he turns his mouth away. - he goes up to me and grabs one of my legs, wrapping it around his waist, he puts it round his waist, he turns it into a circle, and in the middle of all the things he has already done, it drives me right to the edge ... I turn my head so I can breathe; he pulls my pants, still tucked to one side, to my ankles . . . even though my body has had time to digest my first commotion and all the buildup leading up to it, I feel my body begin to respond. . . .