he asked. “Oh, my God,” she sighed, “have I ever been drunk with a man whom I had never seen before? It was only a second before she realized who she was in bed with. It was as if she had just fallen into the hands of a frightened young woman. Then she lay down and looked at him through her fingers. he murmured drowsily. She was overcome with nausea and felt like rushing into the bathroom. “But have you ever known a hangover cure? “ she said, putting her head in her hands and muttering. . . . . “I’m sorry I was unkind to you,” he said. “I didn’t mean to hurt you,” she remarked a little, “and now it’s as if I had been rammed into a drowsy wretch.” He said, “If you don’t know what a hangover cure is, if you really want it, please”—he laughed. “It’s just not a hard thing to imagine,” he said, laughing. But now, too, it seems to her that he was from another world, a different time, a different country, a different world.  i   i need to go home... or to emma ... i need to go to the toilet ...  i’m sorry ... ” he spit hard . . . when she cried out, he held out a hand.  i can see that you are sorry.  i’m sorry , i’m sorry ... ” he swallowed hard. When she stood up, she coughed up the blood. It was very nice to be in bed with someone again, to feel their warmth and the softness of their body . . . “I was saddened by that” he said. . . . she couldn’t stop thinking that she had been lying there all night with him. And she remembered, very vaguely, how she had pleaded with him to lie close to her . . . she did not know how to express herself; she only knew that she had to get out of the house . . . I need to get home . . . or to Emma . . . As he was about to open the door leading out into the garage, Pesh stopped and turned round. She was admiring the tall ceilings of the living room and the ceiling-to-ceiling windows that overlooked a large and spacious yard. When he had finished opening the door for her, Pesh stopped and turned around. He said, "I would like to see you again ..."