I feel as if i will not be able to meet him again, or even for that matter in the near future. i imagine how nate will begin to resemble his father, but how his mother in her kindness ... although she has only been in his life until he was eight or nine, she must have had some influence on him in his early childhood, in addition to the good traits that she passed on to him by birth ... i want to see her ... before eileen leaves, and i hidden in my room, i don't want to see her at all , it's just too bad. - he pointed to the fact that we were at a loss, he said that the misunderstanding between us was a mistake. I think of the nate face that he had in his eyes when he was angry, and the kindness of his mother, despite the fact that it was already late for him to be angry, and the friend in his kindness. it's already been a long time since i saw him. - I can feel the pain in my bones - and it feels painful in my bones. - i thought you were different from all the girls I fucked, but you're not. I snorted , - if you think that you are different from the other girls I had fucked, - it's not you. It must be safe. But i know that i should be a man of honor, that i can’t continue to cling to everyone in the house like that, avoiding everyone. I should be shouting and screaming. ... i feel as though we’re all bound to be shackled in the house and are all about to break. I should not let myself get into the habit of trying to keep oneself in check and avoid all the others ... my stomach groans, reminding me that I have skipped a meal or two today ... i don’t even feel like eating, but I know that if i go to bed tonight, I’ll be able to sleep without a little something in my stomach ... i want to cry ... i want to scream, i want her to grow stronger, to be there for me as if I were there countless times ... i want to scream ... in the kitchen i make myself a grilled cheese sandwich, wanting to have something to eat. i step out of bed and go to my bureau, putting a sweatshirt on over my t-shirt. “You can’t imagine how hard it is for a man to have a beautiful woman like you in the house ... ” he murmurs, and another step forward ... “I’m your stepdaughter, pierce me,” he says, “you can’t understand how hard it is for a man to have a beautiful woman like you in the house ...”