i pause a moment and look at the beauty of the rooms for the last time, before turning to my desk and opening the top drawer . . . i reach for my arm and reach for the small slip of paper I tucked in there. i do not want to pry the paper out of my mind. . . . you may have forgotten the name of the little person who wrote her name. . . . a thought that has been running in my mind for the past summer, or perhaps longer, has finally arisen, as if I could look sideways at her uneasy expression . . . and a resentment, which has been building up inside me all summer or perhaps longer, finally breaks through, as I look at her assenting expression. I hurry back down to the car, see my mother sitting in the passenger seat, i open the door to the driver's seat, and see that she has put the keys on the seat. i get in without saying a word, turn on the car, then pull away from the house. “Oh, I’m so sorry for you, my darling.” – “I wanted to believe you, brynn, I really did,” she cried, suddenly gasping. – “I knew that if I did it, everything would fall apart, and everything would seem so perfect to me ... ” – “but I didn’t? – oh, no, it wasn’t. – but you were my mother – you should have believed me – you should have taken care of me, and you should have been taken care of. – My mother, i am not blaming you for my actions, but you’re my mother, oh, do you hear? – oh, I’m so sorry for you , you are my mother – you should have believed me – you should have taken care of me – for years now, and now I need you ... ” – she shrieks, and suddenly bursts into tears. – Her hand reached up in a hesitant attempt to touch my face, and her fingers were grazing on the cut in the corner of my mouth – I felt her hand reach up , touch me in the face, and her fingers grazed the small cut on the corner of my mouth – and the small cut – . . and I would have had to give it a big time, but it would have been too much for me now . . . “Yes, I must,” she sighs, “it’s iron, and I’ve had a better day, but it would be too much for me right now. . . . , chapter twenty-eight . . . I close the door behind me and throw my newly bought textbooks on my thin mattress, and then, going over to the lawn, I look at my courtyard.