This car wasn’t the way her parents had taken her to grow up, so her parents would follow each other as they passed through the wooded suburbs in which Megan had grown up. Sadly, she could not say that her first love was davis, the father of the master. But this was another football player, this time a runaway from uga, who caught and then broke her heart. She did not mind the bachelor craziness that often comes with going to the university. She had a life of no passion for anything, so when she was young she had only the desire to help others. For her career, she had always wanted to help people . . . she repaired birds with broken wings or tried to rescue squirrels hit by a car. she discarded playing princess for playing a hospital. with the grades she had attained, she was not ready for the emotional riot when she fell in love with a man who was not married. But sadly she could not say that her first love was davis, father of a man named Carla. And now it was another football player, this time a running back at uga, who captured and then broken her heart a year later. She had a keen interest in the future, and was going to medical school, and becoming a doctor. She was a great sportswoman, and had played with the best crowd in school, but she seldom ate too much, and instead, she devoted herself to earning good grades. When she was with him, she had little time for studying . she was unprepared for the emotional breakdown that abrogated her during the breakup of carsyn. , he smiled and dodged his mother's arms to go to his father instead, which made Megan smile. She was surprised to see them disappear in the crowd of family and friends waiting in the church chapel. Megan looked up from the back seat and saw that they had arrived half an hour before the ceremony, he was a good man, and he loved to sit between her brothers on the couch and watch the television; however, he was fortunate to have so many male role models, she only wished he did not inherit too much of his father's character. And although the mother admired him as a kind person, she had not taken it for granted that she was a good person. In fact, he was a good man, so he adored to sit between her brothers on the sofa and watch the tv. As for the dress, he didn’t have it with him. ” she nodded. “Say it over.” The girl pointed at the lacy baptismal dress, which hung from the closet door. She recognized it from the pictures of the baptism of the four boys. ” I don’t know what to do.” “I have seen it.”