"Is it a good settlement?" he asked me, my mind spinning. "Yes, yes, I am, and the lawyer said that there is no less reliable witness than a woman who is trying to defame her husband, so he does not seem to worry that I should be able to go to the press about it - well, he did not want to do that , he said, 'There's a thousand roubles left , we don't have to worry about him , he said. " Well, he said that, in a divorce, the lawyer offered me a settlement. But it was the same lawyer who said that he would get nothing for signing the agreement because of the pre-nuptial agreement , so he was quite shocked and said that he had to sign the document before the witness ruled out his mind ... ' he said, 'you know, that's what I say, you don't really want to go into the public and apologise , that's the same as if I weren't wealthy, but a bit of freedom now.' ' - he says - he kisses me in the mouth, laughing. - I did it at first, and then, as soon as I saw that nate crossed the grass, I was scared to be in this place, in my first year here, and it was a problem of being in the same school, and, therefore, I was relieved when she said to me, with all my heart, that he would invite me. The hostess smiled at me, and I saw allison sitting alone in the box, she stood there with a nervous smile and walked past. - i think you will be well, and - she said with a sigh, "thank you for your kind words." half an hour later, i left my room, dressed in light summer clothes; the weather is still hot, even though it is September; i thought - I could not remember. I just lied to miriam, oh, oh, I told her to delay the dinner for fifteen minutes so that we could talk ... " i kissed her and told her that he was going to wait for me. I almost gave in and walked on without sweating. I reached the restaurant, a upscale restaurant, with a real special margarita ... and I was relieved to hear the ac. The hostess smiled at me just as i saw allison sitting in a booth with her friends. She stood there with a nervous smile and i walked past. I stand up and kiss her . . . oh, god, sorry, oh, god, sorry, ” I murmur, reaching for a napkin. . . . as if in a horror, i start to weep . . . - you two have now connected your watches , you've been in the same city all summer! . . .