Even though I have been a father, I’m always worried about Noah, and now there’s another baby in the family . . . besides, another baby means more time spent with emma . . .’ Aidan looked at Pesh for a moment before grumbling. ‘Oh, my God, i’m just a selfish thing, you know, when you’re a parent, aren’t you?’ he smiled, rubbing his eyes. ‘I don’t think it’s necessary to tell your wife about such a life-changing decision?’ he shook his head. ‘Oh, you don’t believe that your wife needs to know about such a life-changing decision, don’t you?’ aidan rubbed his eyes and looked into them. ‘I love her so much, sometimes ... sometimes ... I don’t get enough of her, and ... I don’t want to tell her ...’ he said with a faint smile. “And then there was a third child, and aidan swallowed hard, and he bled his adam apple with a beat. “I don’t think any woman can possibly be angry when her husband says how much he loves her and wants to be with her ... “ he nodded and nodded reassuringly. “I suppose you’re right ... but, for the sake of your safety, I’d like you to have a CT scan to make sure there was no concussion, or any bleeding of the brain ...’ Pesh began to feel for peculiar bumps and bumps on Aidan’s head. ... Hmm, I don’t feel anything abnormal ... but just to be on the safe side, I want you to have a CT scan to make sure there is no concussion or any brain bleeding ...’ he looked up and smiled at Pesh. ’ I really respect and admire Megan . . .” he felt the most gracious response to her uncle’s question. Despite feeling delighted that he had at once earned the respect of his friend, he was never one to make any such complaint about Megan. “You’re not letting that go,” Aidan said. “I didn’t imagine it was. . . .” He was not very well placed to answer her uncle’s question. “And are you planning to ask her out? . . . I don’t know how to answer you.” Aidan looked him over before he said, “Look, I know you’ve made a rather unsteady start, but it’s not a hopeless situation. . . . ”