It seems that your belt and your pillow have done you a lot of damage,” she said, wincing. “Is that where you are hurting?” “Yes, it was, always.” With a wink, pesh took back the gown. After checking mary’s chart for the type of blood she had, she took a bag of blood from the coolers and put it in her elbow. — “Are you hurting your stomach?” she asked, stroking her belly with his fingers. “I thought they were meant to help you and not hurt you,” she said. “Isn’t that where you hurt yourself?” “Are you hurting your chest?” asked pesh, as he listened to her heart and lungs. “That’s why I thought they were supposed to help you and not hurt you,” she said. — “It looks as if the seatbelt and the airbag were involved in your bleeding?” “Yes,” he replied, “I always had one.” After peering into the monitors mary was connected to, he turned to Megan. he turned to Kristi, he said, 'call the 'orth'. megan hurried down the stairs to catch up with her. she said, "She's got a broken spleen and she's going to the hospital . . . " he slammed the bell on the elevator and asked, "Do you want to go with him? " she said, "Yes, but you must stay with me. " he pushed the bell open again. - In the second room, the fall from the gurney, the bed falls and the stairs disappear, the rest of the people walking and running have no luck, but they're running in the stairwell to take you to the hospital, - she said. "It's so bright," said Mme. Kirillovitch, when she turned to Jana, "do you turn on the light?" she said, "Yes, but it's so bright, but you have to stay with me." - she said, - she looked at Mrs. Kirillovitch, - a patient, whose brain has been broken - - she popped out from the trauma room and started out into the hall. Mme. Kirillovitch had frozen her head from the top of her head to the bottom of her body. The elevator doors opened, and Mme. Kang met the hopeful faces of the surgical team. There was no point in trying, so he kept on doing his phlegm. ' She's bleeding from the mouth . . .' - the doctor stepped forward. - No, she's not. - No, we don't think it will help . . .' The doctor watched the data on the monitors. - No, she's not . . . It's not the same. '