Her lips were swollen and red from the kisses she had had. – Now she was probably terrified and harassed by him . . . in the end she had gone to the roof to save Pesh, and instead she had lost herself in his feelings. – After a few more sighs he turned and went up the stairs. – he turned her back in astonishment, as she slipped down the stairs. – On looking in the mirror, she was a bedraggled mess. At last she looked up at kristi and was surprised not to see him with her. – a frustrated grunt made him realize that he had to make things right with her. – After a long period of striding around the eaves, the rain began to subside. – And he had promised her he would not scold her, – but she thought he must apologize. his mind was a jumble of thoughts and feelings. She tried to talk to him about it, but he had dismissed her. – Where was he going? – she questioned him hurriedly and with a sigh. – ‘How is it that he’s scared, and he’s taken her to see him, and he’s taken her by surprise.’ ‘What’s his fault?’ he cried, turning to face the way. he tucked his tail between his legs and made his way into the doctors’ lounge. Taking a clean pair of trousers and shirt from his wardrobe, he strode down the hall to the medicine-closet. She shook her head. he could not see what he was expecting from her. “It’s not for my own good that I want you to kiss me.” he mused, “I would not have wanted to kiss you again.” he thought to himself, “That I have had enough of that, I shouldn’t have cried. We’d need you down here if you had anything to worry about.’ Pesh knew that he would never be able to take sides. he had guessed that she would be relieved, even embarrassed, but he hadn’t imagined that she would be at all disappointed , he had only assumed that she would be very sorry for it. He clenched his throat. When he closed the door behind him, he turned around and stared at him with expectant eyes. He gave a soft, measured reply. he thought that was what she had felt in the moments before and after he kissed her . . . but now it seemed it was only lust . . . to change . . . although it was probably useless, he could not help putting everything out there again . . . he wanted only for her to see him, and how good he could be for her, how good they would be for each other . . .