"phlegmanovski, he is sitting at the side of the bed, and he holds out his hand. "-Tay - let 's shower. " she asked him. - he pointed to the shower head. - I astonished to see what it was. - after the abuse, she had not wanted to perform again with him or with any other guy, but when it was, she did not come even once. " It was the first and only time, however, that she had done anything that was so crazy. She was terribly embarrassed when she was in front of him, but she felt very comfortable. After that, she did not want to see a sex in any other man, but even then she did not want to come to him , she had no better sex. - it was not enough, pesh did not seem to think so much, he put his hands in his hands and started sopping them up ... he took her hand, turned on the water, waited for it to heat up, and, when he thought it was warm, he took her by the hand and helped her inside. - After the first time, he had not known, but he had been sex for a long time. - She should put your hands on the tile , he said. She rubbed her eyes with the excitement. - Well then ... please let me come, my love. - Pity me, please, please ... have you not had enough pleasure yet? - she asked, putting the shower head away from her. Pity me pushed her hands over her ribs, pushed her breast, she tapped the flesh, pressed the nip, which had already hardened, and she sucked in a glad breath - she was scared and threw her head back against his drenched chest. Slowly, he moved the shower head to rub her , each time she moved back, the water was thrown in a different direction, and the pressure was falling in the right place. Then, he twisted his wrist to the side, sending the water into the clit, and she was ebbing ... - "Sir, please, please ... " - she said, raising her head to meet him. - "please , sir ... - she moaned and threw her head back against the dripping chest. - "Nothing, you, sir, ..." ... You sure were. ...’ bending her head, she began stroking his wet chest. ... she kissed him and then laid down her lips on his ni... Les. . . . He gave a groan that she was finding the very places of the most intense feelings in him ... ‘ m sure you were . . .’ – he whispered, bending her head, and she began trailing kisses down his wet chest.