Said, she had no sooner closed her eyes than they began to fly down the runway. “So what is the use of doing so?” she asked. “I’ve always thought that flying at night is a good thing to do.” She did not open her eyes, but saw them as they sped down the runway. “I’ve always thought that flying at night is much more serene ... ” she nodded, “why not?” he smiled, “I’d do it anyway ... why not?” as she gazed at him through the small spaces of the plane, she knew she was ready to make him more time. “3 I love flying at night ... ” she nodded. On the second day of the week, when pesh had offered to take her lessons in flying, she did not know whether she would believe him or not; though the first day of work, despite their beginning to seem quite different, proved to be difficult and awkward, for they tried to appear that nothing had changed. In fact, it was not because they had become physically ill that they were able to form an opinion about him. However, she was not sure why she did not believe him, for he was always a man of his word . And as much as she tried to keep her feelings for her husband in check, it was almost impossible. He had a certain bewilderment: one night when he locked the door of the hospital bed, he fell into a battle with her behind the curtain, a sex capade in a hospital bed was a joy, especially when the bed braked and they literally banged into the walls. “The gentleman she had known once was becoming quite a man of sex when he locked the door and disappeared behind the curtain, but besides the devilish sex, he wished to spend a few minutes with her and mason. And as much as she tried to fight her growing feelings for a man like him, it was almost impossible . . . and even the first day back at work was hard and awkward , as they tried to look as if nothing had changed, but the thing was that everything had changed, and it wasn’t just physical. " We walked by mcdonald's afterwards, so that mason could play on the playground. . . . Don't forget that they had gone by mcdonald's afterwards, so that mason could play on the playground. . . . It wasn't only that pesh was so good with mason that made her nervous. . . .