she wanted to know: there was a choice, she had to take either leave of Pesh or take an official approach. It would be a great shame if she didn't answer the question. On the way out she took a fresh pair of pants and a shirt, and noticed the living room was quiet. So she threw on her shirt and tried to quiet down some of the feeling that burned inside her. She shook her neck on the foam seat and thought about her conversation with kristi the day before. As she sat on the foam chair and shook the water, she thought about the night she had been with kristi. With a groan, she shifted into the tub, sloshing the water. In that moment, she allowed herself to dream that this was really her life. no man had ever made her feel like she felt with kristi, and this was true in the bedroom as well. opening her eyes, she searched her heart for the sensation she felt. The sight of her son crouching on his chest, the sight of him curled up against the bedside table, made her heart tremble with emotion. Of the two, pesh was facing downwards and knelt down in her chest. - he laughed - he had such a fondness for her ... she loved to spend time with him ... but it was not just the feelings that pesh felt for her or for him ... it was the fact that he cared about her son ... it was so much, maybe even the love of her ... he had felt it. - he was so excited by it, he pressed his eyes to his face ... he was in a good mood, he looked down at Mason and realized he was not there. She lay on her legs, then she walked up to the couch, bending over, she put her hand under Mason's stomach and the other dragged the other under his legs. She raised the baby up and drew him up. She stood over the two of them, and leaned out over him, touching his cheek with the little hand he held. he shook. It's okay, you want it, and besides, i did not sleep very long ... " he smiled. when he whimpered, she murmured: "It's night, it's night ... " he smiled. . . . she did not speak for a few minutes . . . she just enjoyed being close to him, feeling his hand on her, his strong, muscular thighs, . . . his forehead rose in surprise. . . . ’ Am I sure?’ he said, brows shining in amazement.