All at once Aidan smiled at him, and as he turned to Pesh, he tried to remove what felt like a trough of sand. Aidan nodded, and he blinked warmly at her, ‘I wanted to introduce you to Mrs. Nandeen, your godmother.’ he took her hand and shook it with her.  oh, i’m a doctor ...’ said Pesh.   i’m a doctor,’ said Pesh, squeezing her hand, and smiling, ‘I hope you will give me a place in a gurgling, but my parents would die a thousand deaths.’ Aidan turned and disappeared into the crowd. ‘I’ve been waiting for you, Mama, to introduce you to psh’ nadeen ...’ He glanced back at her for a moment before his nice manners overcame his surprise. ‘I was going to introduce you to Mrs. Pesh,’ he said, throwing out her hand. ‘Yes, i am.’ he couldn’t help noticing how nice she looked. She had a beautiful face, but a much deeper character than he had initially thought. Besides, she was no longer the kind of woman to think of a man with a golden arm on her arm; she wanted to make her own way in the world. he had never seen her like that before. he remarked, but he didn’t often see such people. he was always impressed by their tenderness and self-interest. . . . they were few and far between, and he didn’t have to be with them for long to realize their deep and obstinate self-interest. “You know, I would like to work with someone with your passion.” she nodded, but then she added: “I’m at the same hospital as well, at that hospital.” he nodded again. “We need people like you. . . . it’s so nice to hear someone talk so passionately about nursing . . . ” she licked her lips and added: “Well, you know, we’re in the same hospital as well . . . it’s true. . . . well, perhaps we’ll meet up together,” she added, “in the same hospital as well.” he rubbed his arms around megan’s thigh. She gave him an apologetic look before she sat down. . . . Pesh could not help noticing that Megan had looked around at him and looked to see if there was any negative comment or even anguish in her having a son. . . . “It’s my son, Monkey . . . “When he sat on her hip, she looked back at him with a smile. . . . “Such a man,” he said, “my son, my son.”