Here you were, but you weren’t like that.’ She looked at him for a moment and then smiled. ‘And besides, how could he have got so upset about your new girl friend?’ ‘You must have waited for me to see what she had to say,’ he replied with a wink. ‘I don’t know why I was so upset about it.’ And after putting his hand on the marble counter, he leant in close to megan, ‘because it would seem that besides my grandfather, you’re still protecting your grandmother’s memory.’ ‘It’s all so much a matter of being older,’ he said, and pesh turned round again. ‘And it’s true that my Nana has been dead for six years now, so she must have stayed there for a while when he was free. ...’ she sighed, then smiled. ‘You’re so wise,’ she said, glancing at him for a moment. ‘No, no, he ought to be happy.’ ‘And, after taking up his place by the stove,’ he placed his hands on the marble counter and leaned close to the cook. ‘Oh, but what else happened to you? Besides patrick’s new girl friend, what else did you have to be so upset about?’ She asked. He put down the spatula and turned off the stove. He didn’t intend to go forward without giving the lie. After careful consideration he replied: “We met at work a couple of months ago for a drink, so that’s why I told you that kara and I had only been drinking a couple of times. I don’t believe it’s really possible for her to tell me that you’re just chatting about her, sir?” he was hesitant and his shoulders dropped a little. He knew he couldn’t go forward without coming to the truth. “I’ve been a bit frightened to know that after the night of Naa’s baptism, i couldn’t get you to stop. . . . but that isn’t the whole truth . . . “ But what’s the most shocking thing about what I’ve told you? ” “What do you mean by that?” he asked. - He jerked up his eyes to meet hers, he replied, - I couldn't do that. - And you were really trying to persuade me to come away from you, right? - - But at the same time , i'm glad you're not going to do it again - he mumbled - ' a good thing you think so,' he mumbled. - It's not the fact that she said that you used me for sex that makes me upset ...' - - yes, i was. -    to use a pun, it's very romantic,' she teased.