, I’ll have to ask you, brother, that’s a nice thing,” said charlie chuckling. “I’ll go and finish up dinner.” His mother shook her head. - I’m a lavani ... he went and asked the question about where they met, how long they had been together, and how serious they were. She hardly dared leave him without his noticing. When she came in, he noticed that all the men were sitting on the sofa. - Now he had to answer them all as he was so patient. Then the men sat in amazement. When she was out of earshot, charlie looked round and waited for a person to say something to him. - oh, I knew it would come, I saw it when he was out with emma. - Said: ' Oh, I knew it would come.' - he replied, lying down on the sofa. - "So ask your questions, and wait till mummy comes back in here, ' he replied, falling onto the couch. - And if you don't ask your questions, ask your questions, and try to answer, before mummy comes back,' he replied, as he sank into the couch. the first thing was that emma and I had never been intimate before. Yes, I took her to the opera with Sanjay and Shveta, but there was really nothing between us. . . . ” lavani looked confused and said, “you ... you ... , you are not giving my wife a good impression of our family, is it?” he asked. She was bareheaded and covered her mouth with her hand, trying to hide her giggling. He lifted his hand and looked at her, which he could not make out. “You ... you ... you ... that’s wonderful,” he whispered to him. Suddenly a nervous laugh exploded on his lips . . . Yes, we did not know each other before, I took her to the opera with Sanjay and Shveta, but there was nothing between us. ... he shook his head and couldn’t help wondering if he would ever have to explain to her what had happened between him and emma. he could tell she would rather die than do anything to put her in embarrassment before his family.    alpesh, what are you whispering about? ' asked lavani, looking down at him with his eyes wide open. ' 'You will be fine.' he tried to hold back his frown. ' ' I'm right handed,' she protested. ' I was telling megan what a wonderful cook you are. She loves indian food and i'm sure she'll be given a treat.'