Then he turned and left the bedroom. In the absence of champagne, wine was poured to toast them. As they came back into the dining-room, everyone looked at them expectantly. ' Let's go back out, and before we send someone else ,' she said 'we are engaged!' ' he smiled and took her hand and led her down the hall. ' Well, let's go, we must get out of here before they send someone else,' he said. ' I'm sorry.' ' Please, don't apologize, '' he said, shook his head and smiled. ' I'm so sorry , '' he said. ' And if you are very sorry, please forgive me.' ' he said, 'I thought I would come and ask for megan's hand, just to show respect for you and your wife.' ' he said with a smile, 'and please do not apologize.' he said with a smile, 'I am sorry to my granddaughter and my good doctor. May God be with you and bless you, May you see your marriage ! ' She had wanted to honor Pesh's culture by dressing as a true indian wedding, and had gone sari shopping with Lavani and Shveta. she didn't know that Pesh's family did not do anything of the kind. She had hoped to be among the first to see the hall of the ritz-carlton in atlanta, when she had dared to peek inside. It had been transformed into a bollywood film. fortunately, she had a jewel embroidered dress that hung down over one of her shoulders and down one side. although the front part of her dress seemed to be plain satin, the back was adorned with beading and pearls. Her hair was swept back and tied in a loose curls; a pretty purple orchid adorned her curls. She was forced to dress as a true indian bride, so she had gone to shop for a sari with lavani and shveta. When she looked in the mirror, she was almost blinded by the glittering stones and pearls of the dress . She hardly imagined she would swing her shoulders like the sari. The sari was filled with a bit of sage and looked like something from a Bollywood movie. The dress was even as magnificent as a silver dress. The top part was sleeveless and ended in the cravat, a fine silky material . It was at Lavani's words that a thousand tears came to her eyes. “Thank you,” she murmured. “I am glad you spoke,” she murmured. When she had felt like she could speak without tears, she put her hands together like prayer, then bowed her head as is the custom in Pesh's culture. “I assure you, you know, that before pesh, I too was in darkness. But now that you have come into my life, you have brought back that light . . . but when you have entered my life, you have brought back this light.”