Once she had asked her where she would like to go, she had only one place; it was, for her husband to be married to a man who loved spoiling her, she had decided on a hotel in the boulevard athenee. Having given her room in the first days in Paris, she had been at the hotel for one whole week, and she was a bit cliched in the city for the honeymoon, and she had decided, in the Piazza athenee, that she should stay for a week, in the city center, and for her honeymoon, she had chosen this hotel because of the eiffel tower, but also because it was where Carrie Bradshaw was staying when she was in Paris. 'Well, is she really in Paris on her honeymoon?' she said. 'I'm glad you are happy with them.' he laughed. ' Well, orgasmically good,' she replied. ' No, i don't want to rest , i want you to draw what you bought that afternoon . ' I want you to do it with the toys that you bought today . ' he replied with a funny smile: 'No, I don't want to rest, i want you to wear what you bought today . ' In the afternoon the rose garden was in bloom, he had reached the father’s house, and he had come in with the bridegroom and the groom, and it was a day of perfect peace. She had been stood in the rose garden on the Father’s arms, as she passed the family flower market, where they had taken her to the ceremony. The chair covered with a blue silk net adorned the garden, and there was a tent by the side of the temporary altar. There was a string quartet in celebration of the wedding, to signal the arrival of the bridegroom. She would never, never forget the feeling of her crossing the aisle to meet her, she was glad of that. It was as though she were evaporating in the sun when she met him. She could not hear the words of the priest, nor the lyrics of the song which emma sang, and the whole world seemed to pass by as she gazed at him. Then he took her hand in his, and she seemed to have lost her eyes. Her dress was like a fairy princess, a long train, a ball gown with pearls and sequins, a waistcoat and a crown of glitter. Her dressing was almost like a royal princess’ — a long train, a full ball gown, with pearls and sequins adorned with a veil, a jewelled tiara, which held her veil in place, and she just looked at him, at him, he was her only attraction, and she felt like the princess she had always wanted to be on her wedding day. The strings played the wedding march to welcome the bride. he followed her example. she laughed at the sound of her voice and ran up to the hotel ... she was laughing, then she turned towards the hotel. The kisses were rather chaste and he had more love than lust, but he promised her something else afterward. “Come on,” he said. “I’ll leave you alone,” he replied. “It was a good omen.