he slammed his arms in her face. . . . she kissed his mouth with her tongue, jerking the hair from her face . . . as she bounded, he groaned wildly through the room. She sank down on his body, putting her hand on his lap and putting it into her mouth. As he shook up, she let him slip out of her mouth. “I want you to come inside me,” she said, and climbed on his body. . . . When he squealed, she let him fall out of her mouth. He started to stroke her in a friendly way, making her fall on and off of him a little, gradually, inch by inch, until he came back a few moments later. And, as the pressure became stronger, the more frantic her movements became. As she walked up and down, he made a shrieking sound in the room. when he began to push her up, she sat back down on her thighs. When he came up, she sat down on her thighs, and lifted her hand to her lips, which, flicking, made a swish. She brushed the hair out of her face with a motionless tongue. Then she began to wave her hand on him, and he gazed down at her with his hooded eyes . . . A sound of clattering rose up from the lobby. Suddenly a clerk slapped his face out of the door. “Do you think I can do this?” he pleaded. “It’s just that you need to rest.” She looked between pesh and the judge, but couldn’t help but feel a tug. Having sensing his need, Pesh jumped over and took her hands in his. ” Yes, you must rest,” he said drowsily, “all right, you must rest.” After a long while, however, he woke up and saw his face on her neck —and he gave her a laughing voice, as if it were lit up with a burning passion. It was as if her hands were to be put to work. ... Today, he and Pesh looked almost identical today, in navy coats and tie —for they were of course much smaller than Pesh’s —when the door opened and the secretary, peeping out of the doorway, gave her a brisk beating. “Pawny, no, no,” he shouted. “He’s a pity, my dear!” she said, stroking the floor. “I’m sorry, my sweetheart —I’ll leave you alone.” “My sweetheart,” he added, “I’ll leave you alone. “Yes,” said Megan and Pesh. “First, we’ve got to bind you all,” the judge said. Megan went through the process of the request, trying desperately to calm her nerves. “At first, we must bind you all,” said the judge. When Pesh had first begun to talk of formally adopting a minor child, she had been delighted and honored. But now she had to think about whether Davis would allow her to adopt a little boy or not ...