normally , he would be running around the living room , playing with his toys . but just one look at the television made him completely insane . that had been megan ' s thought when she brought him home today . she ' d brought the tv almost by accident , considering it was a little old for the pg rating , but with her children , especially with her parents , she was always drawn to things that were new . she liked to think that surrounded by parents and little siblings was the reason why davis was always such a smooth boy for his age . ` ` ' ##n ' are you always a smooth boy ? ' ' she said . he barely acknowledged her . instead , his baby eyes were fixed on the screen . since the movie was almost over , megan knew she should go into the bedroom and finish getting ready . every time she looked into davis ' s eyes , she was reminded that he looked nothing like his father . his sandy blond hair and blue eyes were like hers . it was only his looks that he was modeled after his father . where megan was a mere 5 ' 9 ' ' , davis was 6 ' 1 ' ' and three hundred pounds . he was easily up on the charts in height and weight compared to his father . he had beenhe had existed for his father - the day he had been born and the day he came home from the hospital . after that , davis ' hadn ' ever been mentioned in any of the letters and emails megan sent . with his professional football career on the line , davis had hadn ' t wanted to be burden with the care of the children . instead , he preferred to spend his time on the field and until all hours of the night . he even paid child support when megan called to have his allowance paid . she wanted the day when mason was old enough to learn about his father . she never wanted anything in the world to hurt him , and she knew that being raised by his father would . with a sigh , she stepped into the dress and pulled it over her head . working hard to pull the dress all the way up caused her to puff and puff . stepping away from the mirror , she turned to and fro to take in her appearance . she ' d always loved how the dress made her look sexy , and at the same time , very feminine . although it had a plunging waist , the skirt fell just below her knees . she slipped into her heels - her high school graduation gift from her brother aidan , ' ` ` ` ' ' ,as she always called him . aidan was her grandmother ' s older brother and the patriarch of the family . when she was born , she was only three and a half . as the only child , megan spent a lot of time with her grandmother , and that in turn , meant she spent a lot of time with aidan . he had dedicated himself to raising her and spoiled her greatly . when it came time for her to speak , she just could couldn ' t seem to get ` ` ' aidan ' ' out . so , she called him ` ` noah . ' ' it was a nickname that had stuck with him until now that he was twenty - five and married . although it had been without question that she chose him as godfather for noah , she had been so honored when aidan and his wife , emma , had asked her to be their son , noah ' s , godfather . she loved her baby son very much and wanted to be the best mother she could for him . as she walked out of the room , she noticed that noah had yet to wake . ` ` alright guys , time to go . ' ' when he started to rise , she shook her head . ` ` we have such a long day ahead of us . it ' s so' ` okay , and then there ' s a party at uncle aidan and aunt emma ' s house . ' ' ` ` really ? ' ' he asked . she nodded . ` ` yeah , you ' ll have to stay and play with him , too . ' ' as she walked to the car and picked him up , she could couldn ' t help finding it funny that out of everyone she was going to meet tonight , he was more excited about playing with aidan and emma ' s computer games , too . one day when they had their own house together , she would buy him a computer . she loved them too much to be afraid . ` ` great , ' ' she said , as they walked up the porch steps . ` ` heawy ? ' ' he laughed . ` ` oh , you ' re going to be such a big , strong girl . ' ' when they made it to the kitchen , megan stopped to catch her breath . she only had a minute before her parents walked in with sean , and her younger brother , gavin . ` ` hungry ? ' ' she asked . megan nodded . feeling like she was once again a child , she brushed past her parents as they walked into the kitchen . ` ` i want to eat , ' ' gavinno . with a smile , sean said , ` ` ' i ' m gon ' ##b you in my car . ' ' he then slid into the driver ' s seat as gavin ##a came around to the passenger ' s side . ` ` we ' ll see you guys in just a minute , ' ' her mother said . sean acknowledged her with a one finger salute before backing up and pulling into the driveway .