he absently tapped his fingers on the steering wheel . he ' d tried not to bother megan with too many calls and texts , but after the first , ` ` how are you doing ? ' ' well , she ' d told him to shut up and get his head in the game at once . that ' s why he ' didn ' t ' bother telling her he was on his way home . when he pulled into the driveway , he saw emma ' s house . he was relieved to see that megan had hasn ' t come home without him . when he walked through the door and into the kitchen , emma was at the table . ` ` emma , ' ' he called out . turning around , she gave him a bright smile . ` ` hello to you , too . ' ' ` ` how are my boys ? ' ' ` ` better . they ' ve slept most of the day . ' ' pesh nodded . noticing how quiet the house was , she asked , ` ` where ' s aidan ? ' ' ` ` i came in and saw him , along with megan and aidan , a little while ago . ' ' she cocked her head at pesh and smiled . ` ` although he swore to me that he would ne ' er eat their dinner, i have a feeling they ' re having ice cream right now . ' ' pesh smiled at the thought of his son . although he was ' ' not mason ' s biological father , the love he felt for him was just as strong as if mason had been a part of his life . from the moment he ' d been asked to adopt him , he had felt an even stronger love than before , especially whenever he saw ` ` ` nadeen ' ' stamped on his pre - adoption calendar . more than anything , he loved being a father . he had been able to live so long , and enjoying it so much , that it made it all the more enjoyable . because mason loved baseball , pesh had gotten him tickets to the yankees , rather than the mets . even though pesh had never been athletically inclined , he signed up to help coach megan ' s little league team as well . every time he heard megan say ` ` mason , ' ' it warmed his heart the same way it did to hear megan say ` ` i love you . ' ' pesh set the tray on the table . ` ` it ' s very nice of you to come visit with megan on my first day here . but we ' ' didn ' t come foryou to me . ' ' ` ` that ' s my job . besides , he kills two birds with one stone - that will protect my family and yours . aidan ' s coming over for dinner . ' ' ` ` great . i ' ll be happy to see him . ' ' as his gaze drifted toward the living room , emma spoke . ` ` come on . you really don ' t have to stay here with me . i know you want to see your family . ' ' he smiled . ` ` thank you . i have seen them all already . ' ' after giving emma a quick kiss on the cheek , aidan made his way into the living room . at the sight of megan sitting on the couch next to a small toy pack n play , his heart swelled with so much love and happiness he felt like it would burst . peeking over the top of the pack n play , he saw his dark - haired daughter . after waiting so long to be a father , they had been so shocked when they found out they were identical twins . while aidan liked to think that his fear of the evil ##s in his past had left him , and somehow , it had found its way to megan , that ' wasn ' t exactly true . his daughters were identical twins , whichhad nothing to do with old wives ' tales . the two of them looked so much alike that megan put little color labels on them to tell them apart . although it had freaked megan out a little at the thought of having girls to care for along with him , pesh was happy . every day of the pregnancy and birth had been wonderful to him . luckily , megan had been born with good health , although she had been forced to take some maternity leave to get off her feet . after her clinicals , she had taken a job in the office at wellstar , where they both worked in emergency situations . the twins were only a few weeks shy of their due date and were now nearly eight months . six months later , they were married and enjoying the only woman in his life . sucking hard on her thumb , maya ' s sleepy eyes took in her surroundings . she stretched and stretched her arms . if she was ne ' er asleep , she was going to wake her mother . since sara was sleeping peacefully , pesh reached down and scooped her up . he kissed her gently , holding her close to his chest . as he looked into her beautiful face , he could couldn ' t stop the rush of emotion that filled him . for all the years of pain andas he had experienced , it was moments like these that made him feel as though he was finally whole . his heart was full , and he was so happy . when they learned they were expecting twins , megan and megan had decided to give them american indian and irish names to honor their cultural heritage . emma , which was irish and an american indian , was paired with katherine , to make emma , whose maiden name was katherine .