between his life and his wife ' s , he had many women that he could couldn ' t ask to see what the future held for them . he also had the love and support of his friends and family . at the end of the day , true love in its many forms was all you could ever hope for and pray to . chapter one that ' s it . i ' m fucking her just as soon as we get back to the stage , right before i f * * k her beautiful body into submission . i watched with the other two hundred male fans as she lifted her hips and displayed what belonged to her for all to see . now , i know it ' s her reputation as the biggest and best female star on the scene here , but we knew about this girl . i had no problem with her style , but there ' s such a thing as going too far . she ' d come out on the stage dressed up , in the knee length shorts with the slit down the front to her ass . maybe that was a little much for my taste , but i could ##n ' t expect her to see everything now . what i could ##n ' t expect , and what is still driving me crazy , was the three piece outfit . she waswell , almost all the towel , or more to the point , every one of the other dancers had pushed her on stage . no one else with me could see that she was shaking with anger . i put my mind at ease and my position in the back of the front row of the fashion show was that of a man with nothing on his mind but watching the show . and now everyone knew we were an item , the twenty - five year old business ##woman , and the twenty - two year old sex god . we ' d been trying to keep our relationship secret for all of three months and that was because of my personal life . but now the cat was out of the bag and everyone was watching our f * * king show . i really wasn ' t too happy about it , i really didn ##n ' t want my personal life splashed across the stage , but i figured it came with the territory . i ' d met her for the first time three months ago . it was at a fashion show of all things . not my usual haunt , but my friend had invited me along since her husband was away on business , and she really don ' t want to go there alone . i ' d gone there only to be bored out of my mind forthe next three hours or so . i ' ve met and dated my fair share of women over the years , and they no longer exist . just imagine my surprise when she walked on stage . i had no idea who she was , but from the crowd ' s reaction she was someone of interest ; before she even opened her mouth to speak the room had gone silent . it was her voice that caught my attention first , deep and hot , with an old school feel to it . when i first looked up from the stage , my breath had been caught in my throat . she was f * * king beautiful . i wondered how many of the men in the room were focused on her instead of the similarly dressed women as they made their way down the aisle . i think i spent the next three hours , however long the show lasted , completely consumed by her . i pulled my punches and canceled my first date and effectively ended the three - month relationship i ' ve been secretly having with this woman . i ' m a man of action , i ' ve learned from the corporate world of corporate america that there ' s no other way to live . when i see something that i want , i go after it . consequences be damned . they had her picture up onher on the internet . i used my phone to call her . i had to figure out what sacrifices i had to make to keep her . if she got hurt , i ' d fight back . that ' s not my style . anything else , she was fair game . shiane ; she was twenty - two years old and had been moving up the ranks for the past year with hit after hit since her divorce . she ' d only been seen with one man in the last two years . then on again , off again , with a man who was not much older than she . they were having an amazing night ; together . if i had anything to say about that , it would be a good one , lasting until i ' d had my fill at home . i ' m not one for long relationships . i live as long as they run their course and leave when they ' ve gotten old . i had yet to find a woman who could hold my hand for more than a few weeks at a time . and i never let them know up front what the deal was . but it seemed they were always saying they were okay with it until the time came . like tonight , that night when i ' d called to tell her it was over . i ' d ' been the most pissednot to ruin it . finally , i brought her one of mom ' s little white pills to ease the tension , but there was no rush , because i ' d have to do it the next day . she had to be getting over the pill and i needed to remind her of the words i ' d said on our first date .