she was sweet and innocent and so f * * king beautiful she made me crazy . i loved the way she rubbed herself against my hand , almost as if she could couldn ' t help herself . ` ` i ' m going to enjoy putting you down , shiane . ' ' i took her hand and led her into the building , past the bank of elevators to my own private elevator in the basement . she kept her head down , maybe because she might don ' t want to be caught by the cameras and reporters , or maybe because she was nervous , i was beginning to think it was the latter . when we got to my floor , she looked nervous and unsure of herself . i ' m not going to buy into such notions . there ' d been stories written about her in the papers over the years that bore some resemblance to the original , and although i ' d ' t come across anything personal about her in my initial internet search , i was sure she dealt with her fair share of them . i also had to take into account her age . she was young then , for all that she was well known and respected , but those years could mean a lot of things . and the fact that her vulnerability and vulnerability was not only##trived . my first order of business was to put her at ease . walking over to where she stood in front of the door as if ready to bolt at a moment ' s notice , i removed my jacket from around her shoulders . i kept my eyes on her bowed head until i tossed the jacket in the general direction of the chair in the corner . gently lifting her chin with the tip of my finger , i looked into her eyes . ` ` you have nothing to fear now ; it ' s like i said , we really don ' t have to f * * k each other tonight . we should probably put off until tomorrow , but i want you in my bed , in my arms . what i have tonight , i would be a fool to waste my time . ' ' ` ` um , what ' s your name ? ' ' i threw my head back and laughed softly . i ' m not a fool . i ' haven ' not even introduced myself . it ' s a wonder she ' s ' never run away screaming bloody murder . ` ` i ' m zane mckenzie . ' ' her eyes widened a little at my words and led me to my next question . ` ` you know my name ? ' ' ` ` everybody knows who you are , zanedon ' t they ? ' ' ` ` i ' don ' t know about everyone , but maybe a drink will help . can i get you something to drink ? what do you usually have after a meal , which is amazing by the way . ' ' ` ` i usually have a lemon and lime with a glass of water . it helps keep my mouth dry , but i really don ' t want you to drink that drink again , so it ' s okay . ' ' she bit her lip and looked down at her lap , smiling sadly now . so sad . i walked over to the pay - phone and called them to have them come pick her up what she needed from the late - night club a few blocks away . ` ` that ' s taken care of . they should be here in a minute . why , don ' t we go out onto the balcony and wait until they get here ? ' ' i took her hand and led her outside where the stars were putting on a show in the night sky . i was amazed at my choice , everything around me and in her eyes . but somehow , i knew this , whatever this was between us would won ' t be rushed . i licked my lips at my words . i ' m not known for patience andi ' d be the first to do it . she moved to sit in the seat next to me , but i had other ideas . pulling her down into my lap , i didn t ' t give her time to answer before my lips were on hers again . i could ##n ' t seem to get enough of her taste . she was wearing the same black dress and heels she ' d worn on friday and her body ' s heat overwhelmed me . by the time the bell rang signaling the arrival of her car , my hands were tangled in her long hair and my c * * k was pressing into her ass . i left her in the car a little later and went to open the door . in the kitchen i poured the coffee for her and had a sneaking suspicion that i was going to be doing that a lot in the future . that ' s something else i never paid too much attention to , the alcohol . i just let the chips fall where they may . ` ` ' baby , i hope that ' s the way you like it . ' ' she took the glass from me and sipped . ` ` umm , late night again . ' ' i sat down in front of her and she froze with the glass halfway to her lips . i gave hereyes closed i tried to form the words in my head . ` ` do you have any more shows scheduled ? ' ' ` ` i have three weeks until my next show , i ' don ' t go on tour for a couple of weeks and i got caught up in the studio a few weeks ago . ' ' ` ` ` the next three weeks are good . let ' s go to sleep tomorrow . going to be a long night . ' '