i took the paper bag from her and followed her inside . she was back to being shy which was just adorable . ` ` the bedroom ' s over there with an en suite bathroom if you ' d like . i ' ll get you something to sleep in . ' ' she walked off in the direction she ' d come from and i headed for the bathroom . when i made it back to the bedroom she was in the shower . it took everything i had in me not to go after her . the night before was turning into one for the taking . i ' ve never brought a girl home for the sole purpose of her being alone before . she came out ten minutes later and i felt the ache in my dick . she looked like a princess with her hair spread out around her face and her eyes free of makeup . i reached over and grabbed the towel she had clenched in her hand . ` ` trust me , it ' s gon f ##ry a long f * * king time . ' ' she was beautiful . her breasts , which for some reason had been hidden under the towel were full , i would say a mile or two , with small pink ni * * les that almost blended into the rest of her body . her waist was tiny , i could tellrubbing her with my hand and her legs had a slight sway to them . all hers and yet not mine . it was topped off with a natural beauty that you rarely saw these days . full lips with a hint of a blush on her skin , and the slightest hint of mascara on her slightly crooked nose . ` ` i think you ' re a lucky man . ' ' her beautiful face lit up with her pleasure at my mention of the piece of hair covering her pu * * y lips . i kissed the top of her head as i handed her the white shirt i ' d bought for her to sleep in . at home , i had far too little contact with the women i slept with . making her sleep in my plain white tee shirt was pretty much the same , but we ' ll see how this works out . ` ` i ' ll be right back baby , you can watch me until i ' m done . if you ' re done go to sleep . ' ' i left her standing there and went to my own bathroom . i got down on my knees and carried her to the bed and f * * ked her the way i wanted . i carefully started rubbing the spot in the water ; but as the water beat down on heras cold as i could make it , calmed me down a little . when my heard the rapid beating of my heart i held my hands out to dry and shook my head as the water cascaded down on me . i knew what was happening to me , felt it down to my bones , should i fight it or let it take its own course ? i ' d never felt fear and , in all my years of being the hero , there was never a time when my life was in question . it was too late now , but at least that was the feeling i held onto as i turned the water off and stepped out of the small shower stall . wrapping a towel around my waist and some clothes i walked into the bedroom to find her asleep . my precious girl was beautiful . i hovered over her , drinking in the sight of her peaceful in bed . i wondered how many people had ever seen this side of her . i felt a brief moment of sadness at the loss of the man she ' d been living with . i ran my fingers gently through her hair , careful so that i would don ' t touch her . i shook my head at myself as i leaned down and kissed her forehead . ` ` so f * * king beautiful . ' ' i felt thewhispered in her ear before heading to the bathroom for some sleep ##wear . after talking in the car earlier , i ' d laid the truth out somewhere after kissing her on that cheek and handing her that tee shirt . i was on dangerous ground here , so we ' ll play it by ear , but there ' s only been one game with me in my lifetime . i always wanted to win . i could ##n ' t resist pulling her into my arms when we finally got into bed . she was tucked into my side and asleep , just like this baby i once had as a kid . what the f * * k ? i ' couldn ' not think of my f * * ked up life having anything to do with it in a long time . i looked down at the girl on my bed and felt happy for the first time in my life , or at least for the first time in years . what was i to do with this new thing that was growing inside of me ? i had no idea of how to deal with love and all its complications . i ' m brave enough to admit my feelings , and naive enough , smart enough , to believe in love at first sight . but this thing it was that had pulled me from out of left field , ?a phone call . i fell asleep with the thought of what tomorrow would hold for me . first time in two years , that i didn didn ' t open my eyes with that thought running through my head . at eleven in the morning my eyes flew open to land on hers . she stared up at me from her position on my bed .