i sat up with her still in my arms and got out of bed , heading for the bathroom . shiane i can ##n ' t believe i ' m doing this . nothing like this had ever happened to me before , but when i ' d looked into his eyes that night , on stage , there was something there that called to me , what that was i still ' wasn ' t sure , but now i knew i would be a fool to let it go . i would ' ve gone out as usual if f # ##n ' d approached me , i ' m not stupid enough to have asked him out . but now that he was here i was n ' t sure of my intentions . i ' ve only ever been with one guy , someone i met when i first started my music career . i ' d found myself all through high school , looking out for that one guy . and even when i ' d been engaged , i ' d been too busy in the band and with other engagements to think about a relationship . i ' ve never been into the romantic kind , but when i met donnie , i ' d thought i ' d found my soul mate . someone i could spend my life with . that was until i ' d seen him making plans to hook up with someone else. that night was the turning point of my life . when i ' d confronted him after coming out of the bathroom , and pushed him , he ' d been angry . angry enough to hit me for pushing him ; but he ' d let me in on the secret . he ' d only slept with me because it was good for his career . he thought that being married to the hottest single girl in the music scene would open up for him , which it had . he called me a pretty little rich girl with honey - colored eyes . as he put it , everyone was doing it ; it was happening everywhere of the business . people f * * ked one another to get attention . when i ' d finally told him i thought we would get along after we ' d split , he ' d laughed in my face . it was then that my whole life started to die . it was ##n ' t die , until word of our breakup got out and i learned that this was wasn ' t the first time he ' d left , and that everyone thought i was . that they thought i was doing the same . i was just so alone in my life , and our friends , if you could call them that ; had disappeared . i ' d been out of the picture for a whileuntil my management told me i had to stay with the label for his sake because of my commitments and the songs we ' d worked on together . so for a few months the label thought we were an item again . it was then , especially when he cornered me one night at work and said we could just pick up where we left off , i was an absolute f * * k - up . i didn ##n ' t even know this guy . all i could do was walk away in disgust . since then he ' d called me a few times , but said he still wasn ' t seeing anyone and since he ' d been my boss , this little rich girl should just ignore his existence and turn a blind eye , because according to him i was never going to get pregnant , because everybody in the business cheats . so here i was , not even a little pregnant , something i never thought in a million years i would ever do . when i opened my eyes this morning and saw him sleeping , his face peaceful in sleep , but very relaxed . the first thing that caught my eye was the tattoos on his chest and arms . the sex experience alone had hadn ' t prepared me for that , except for what i was sure was a piercing in his eyebrow . of course ,knew who he was , everyone knew , the self - made man who ' d come from nowhere . his story was known far and wide in gossip magazines . a little cinderella , if you will . from what i knew his family had been farmers , from a farm in the midwest . he ' d graduated from high school and won a scholarship to an ivy league school where he ' d continued his farming career but had focused more on his studies . then he ' d bought some computer software and used the money from that to start his own law firm . they called him the wonder man of wall street . the word ' wonder ' not entirely true . he set me down in the bathroom long enough to start the shower before he came back to me and pulled the thin white shirt over my head . i was panting as he slid my panties down my legs and when i stepped out of them and he picked them up and held them up to his mouth , i thought my face would go up in flames . his eyes met mine as he opened them and then he was pulling me back into that hard kiss of his , and our lips met . he dropped his pants like our tongues were playing catch and pulled me towards the nearest shower stall . no words were spoken as he lifted up his body andand only him . his hands moved over me , slowly , taking his time as he explored my body , as if he was paying attention . ` ` i love your body so , so f * * king much . ' '