he was content with kissing my breasts , which until the look in his eyes , had never been a source of pleasure for me . they were beautiful and . . . everything . and that way he held them made me feel alive . ` ` get up baby . ' ' he picked me up so that my legs wrapped around his waist and his mouth covered mine once more . my wet little hands ran all over his body . could feel the tip of his c * * k pressing into my stomach down to the small of my back . i felt a moment ' s awe at the feel of him . there was no way that thing would ever fit inside me . ` ` we need to hurry up . ' ' he took a few more bites of my breasts before letting them slide down his body . we finished our shower and he ' d given me the towel to return the favor . my heart all but beat out of my chest as i ran my hands over his bare chest . my eyes lit up as i leaned in and kissed his lips and i felt a sense of relief when his body relaxed . he turned off the water and helped me out of the shower . with a towel he dried me before walking to a door in the wall that led to a set ofno . he came back with a white silk robe that obviously belonged to him , and one for himself . once in the bathroom he kissed me once more before setting me on a stool at the counter and going to the kitchen . ` ` ' ' ' ' ? ' ' ` ` sure , sounds good . ' ' wow , how did he know that i ' ve always wanted him to call me that ? how could a ' not be , but that was definitely a sign that there was something going on here that went beyond the physical . he got the food and sat down across from me , pouring us two cups of coffee from his state of the art coffee maker . i scanned the table for something to do instead of looking at his chest that was exposed by the buttons in his shirt . i could look at it too , seeing his beautiful face with those beautiful blue eyes that seemed to glow whenever he looked at me . ` ` tomorrow is saturday , tomorrow , we ' re going to my own place to get this done . not that i think you ' re worried , this is for both of us . when i tell you there will be nothing between us and i want you to be happy with the fact that i ' m happy as well .' ' ` ` i heard from the gossip rags that you ' ve only had one serious relationship since you came onto the music scene , tell me about that . ' ' i put my fork down and wrapped my arms around my middle . ` ` what do you want to know ? ' ' ` ` everything . ' ' it almost sounded like a question . i kept my head down ; maybe this was a little personal for two people i ' d only just met ; more personal than cumming all over him and he you you you ? i shuddered at the thought and felt my body tense . i almost jumped out of my skin when his hand grabbed my chin . ` ` now ' s not the time to talk about what i can and cannot do to you babe , we need to clear some things up first ; finish your story . ' ' i told him about the donnie , about my life in the city and the family i ' d left behind to pursue my dream of being a singer , the years of hard work being the result . the little ones who were still very much a part of my life and whom i kept in touch with , making phone calls and skype messages . of course i left out the most intimate details of my first break - up withdonnie . no one in our family knew the real reason for the divorce , but i knew it was only a matter of time before that was no longer a problem . but , i could couldn ' t find it in me to tell this strange man who looked at me like he was the biggest fucking god on the planet , that i had been such an utter idiot ; or that i had been such a stupid , pathetic fool . ` ` did you see him ? ' ' i looked up at him then , there was something in his eyes , something i could couldn ' t quite place but it was familiar enough . i swallowed hard before i answered him . ` ` i suppose i did , but ... i ' m not sure what i was thinking . maybe i was caught up in the excitement of my new life and he was the only other guy to really pay me any attention , or the only one that i saw first . ' ' ` ` do you two always keep in touch ? ' ' ` ` no , only if we ' re working on one of our albums , something that calls for us to work together in a professional way . ' ' ` ` and how often does that happen ? ' ' ` ` we never recorded an album together . it was` ` ' we break up . we just want to perform the song again at some shows and things like that in the future , i ' m not sure of anything right now though . ' ' ` ` that ' s something we ' ll have to deal with , something you should know before we go any further .