i ' m not that embarrassed about my past . i just don ' t like shiane , not ever . ' ' ` ` i find myself in dangerous territory , then , because i ' ve never cared about a woman ' s past before , never cared how many lovers she had before me . with you i realize that i hate this man for having hurt you . it ' s then i realize , since you think of me , that you know that i ' ve just become a man myself . i ' don ' t know why i should feel this way , it just is . ' ' ` ' don ' t say anything to that , what was there to say ? ' i said i ' ve heard of his past along with the rest of them . he was a young lady ' s man . not really a wife though , it seems they were always the ones doing the talking . none of his relationships if i remember , had ever lasted more than a few weeks at the most . was that what i was doing here ? because if i was , as much as i felt that same way for him , i really don ' t think i was looking for a fling . something of my own thoughts must ' ve shown on my face because he drew my attention back to him withhis last words . ` ` damn it , like i told you , what happened in the past is just that , the past . ' ' could i ask him again what his morals were , or would he find the question silly and stupid ? that was something else donnie had accused me of . he ' d said that my morals were outdated and outdated . that i went against the new world order to ever want to have a romantic relationship that lasted longer than the time it took to scratch an eyebrow . ` ` you said there were some things that we needed to clear up before we went any further , but i thought you should know i ' m not into casual sex , so . . . ' ' ` ` i think you got that right . ' ' he still don ' t say anything else for the longest time , just watches me over his coffee cup . ` ` i still n ' t know where this is going , not really , but i do know there is ##n ' t going to be anything casual about it . chapter twelve violet i still don ' t answer her call until later that day . she ' d turned her phone off at exactly midnight and it still rang for the third time in about an hour . i had her send me a quick text toher texts said that they knew she was mine and that was that . she was a little confused at first and i knew the rest , since she ' d always been messing with my mind and every form of communication , until she ' d learned to listen . we spent the day getting to know each other , when i was try ' ing with her . i hope don ' t start getting all hot and heavy with her again , because i don ##n ' t trust myself to stop . when i fuck her i want to feel her pu * * y around my cock . i have never in my life f * * ked a girl without any kind of condom and certainly never without a condom . i did don ' t look too deeply into my reasons for wanting to do this with her . all i know is that the sight of her at that party the night before , the electricity that had shot through me when our lips touched , was something that i wasn ##n ' t ready to put away . i ' ve spent my life following my instincts and assumptions that others never guessed at , trying to come out on top . this just might be the biggest f * * king mistake i ever made in my life . if the beautiful girl that was sitting on my lap wasmy living room , clad only in one of my shirts , from the thoughts that were running through my head i ' m pretty sure she would ##n ' t have gone running for the nearest bathroom . everything about her called to something inside me , something i had hadn ' t known was there . by the time i drove her back to her apartment on the other side of the city i was second guessing myself . outside her apartment i looked for a parking spot . ` ` you ' don ' t have to carry me , you know , i ' m not safe here . ' ' ` ` no , baby , i ' m just turning around and walking you back home , the only reason i ' m going is because you ' don ' t have anything to hide and i ' m sure you have something to take care of . so i ' m going home with you . i ' m not ready for our first time to be over just yet . she nodded and smiled and reached up to kiss me , then seemed to think better of it . so i was the one who took her hand and walked her the rest of the way . if there were any questions , i didn n ' t care at that moment . but i appreciated her concern , she ' d talked about how hard her lifehad been since she ' d found out , how the little thing like reaching out for a glass of wine had suddenly become a huge problem . that was something else i was going to have to take care of . i also wasn ' t surprised from what she ' d said , what kind of little problems she had on a daily basis . i mean , how easy it had been for them to get to her and then take her out of their lives .