on top of her new celebrity status , being seen with her would put her even further in the dark , so i was gon ' have to take care of that one myself . i followed her out of the car and closed the door . she was wearing a pair of my jeans , at the hip and at the knee , so of course she ' d make it look like a fashion show . we made it back to her apartment with no incident and i was still holding her hand . i liked the feel of her apartment , it was open air and spacious with windows all around with a view of the river and a bit of the city below . it was nothing like mine , whatever it was wasn ' t mine either . i saw even more of her home , with the bright colors and the throw pillows that she seemed to have a fondness for . she was back to being herself again , at least it seemed to be , from what i saw of her in this time . we ' d spent the night getting made up in every room but one , and some of her anxiety had gone away now . ` ` i like it . just the things you ' re taking home with you . ' ' ` ` you . . . i thought you said you weredrop me off to take care of you and you ' ll see me on monday ? ' ' i looked down at her as she turned that beautiful sweet face up to me . ` ` i did say that earlier , but i changed my mind . i ' m not ready for us to be together . ' ' i had the crazy thought that i would never be ready for that either , but fuck it . ` ` do you need help calling ? ' ' i thought i saw a hint of a smile lift the corners of her lips as she shook her head slowly . ` ` can i at least check my messages first ? ' ' ` ` sure . ' ' she walked over to the phone and pressed end as she dropped into a chair . i walked over to the bank of phones with my hands shoved in my pockets . the first few calls were all business as usual , and then right onto the phone it was some guy , not her , who was so upset that he could couldn ' t get ahold of her . ` ` i thought you said you ' didn ' t have anything planned for the next little while ? ' ' ` ` i ' m ' cause that ' s just carl ' s thing , he wants to know where i am at all times .' ' ` ` hmm . ' ' it sounded like a lot more than that to me , but i think she answered for me . i ' m a married man , and that means when she ' s with me this carl ##ito could go f * * k himself , because i ' don ' t want anyone keeping watch over me . there was nothing else going on , and she went into her room to change , offering me a shower , which i turned down . i just wanted out of there and back home as soon as possible . " i felt better with her in my arms , outside my bedroom . she came back out with her overnight bag and dressed in a pair of her best jeans and a sweater . i grabbed the bag and with her hand in mine headed for the door . that morning i had to go out back to the office , so i pushed her out of my bed and went to the bathroom . she was passed out by the time i was done and ready to go . i leaned over the bed and kissed her again . ` ` hmmm . ' ' she moaned into my mouth . she woke with my hand in hers . i ended up sitting on the edge of the bed and holding her into my arms for a long time . truth was i didnthe fear of losing her . the last few days had been like nothing we ' d ever experienced and we had hadn ' t even left the house except to go to her house . we ' d spent all day , lying around in bed reading the paper , talking and making love . i ' d even called my doctor and delayed the appointment in time for him to do the surgery which he assured me would be okay . ` ` i ' ll see you in a few hours sweetheart , the car will come and get you at seven thirty , okay ? ' ' i kissed her forehead when she nodded against my chest and got up to leave . i didn ##n ' t look down at her lying on my bed in my old , old room , i was afraid i would ##n ' t want to see her if i did . when it came time to get the car for her i changed my mind and instead of leaving her , i went to her myself . she was putting on her coat when i walked in the door and when she saw me standing there , f * * k me if her beautiful eyes did ##n ' t light up and she took a running start and jumped into the door i had opened for her . ` ` hey baby , you remember me ? ' ' she askedmy smile and laugh , i tilt her face up for my lips to meet hers . ` ` we ' d better hurry , he told us that if we do this , he could probably give us the money by noon of tomorrow , and i ' m sorry if we - ' ' wait i ' m gon ' f * * king wait . ' '