i pulled her back just enough for her to see the depth of my desire . i had no doubt that she was right and i was terrified that she was , but still i wanted this , wanted us to start getting back on the right path . i ignored the little voice in my head that told me there was an underlying motive behind my actions . there was no way i was thinking along those lines , no way in hell . shiane i wondered if he was always this attentive , or if , with all of woods , this would change if he got what he wanted . will he start taking care of himself as time went on ? he was like no other man i ' d ever met , except for this one . i ' d watched my dad treat my mother like a precious treasure my whole life . that ' s where i ' d gotten my idea of a prince charming . not from any woman , but from the way i ' d seen my dad look at her when he thought no one else was looking . from the way she was always talking to him when things went wrong . they ' d taught me to do that too , to look out for that and everyone else . woods seemed to have that in him , but i ' d been wrong , andmy heart was a little bit broken . it had only been a few days since it had been at home . but here i was with sweaty palms and mixed emotions for this man that i barely knew . the trip had been the best vacation i ' d had in a long time . in fact i ' d ' ever felt that way since the last time we ' d taken a vacation together . neither of us was ready for the rest of the world just yet . we seemed to be getting to know each other without all the drama and the complications that came with it . ' there were three men in suits that looked like they ' d never seen a smile in their lives . ` ` this is your home , i ' m sure you need my money for security too , but these guys are from america . they ' ll protect you when i ' m not with you . my eyes widened at that . ` ` is that really necessary ? i ' m not that big of a deal , i ' don ' t know . ' ' i was putting it off . he introduced me to the men and led me to the door with him . ` ` this has nothing to do with your money , it ' s for my peace of mind . ' ' i began to wonder if this wassomething he ' d done for all the women in his life and one that should make me happy . he took my hand and smiled down at me . ` ` yeah , you ' re the one . ' ' ` ` how did you know what i was doing ? ' ' ` ` i told you , the kiss was about getting to know each other , we picked up a few things . ' ' he laughed as he helped me into the back of the waiting car . i ' d told him of my fear of heights . he held my hand and talked to me while the doctors and the nurses did their thing , finally getting his leg care of . it ' didn ' t take that long and then we were back in the car . ` ` i ' m taking you to the hospital for a quick visit and then there ' s dinner . we ' ll go somewhere that i ' m sure we ' d like . alone , i ' m not quite ready to leave just yet . ' ' i laid my head on his shoulder and squeezed his hand that was still holding onto mine . i think he must ' ve noticed this and told everyone in the car not to give us the silent treatment because we got a lot of dirty looks from his friends , but no one said anything other thana polite question . it surprised me . i was in a private room at one of the city ' s most exclusive clubs where there were more than dozen people than i ' d ever seen in one place at once except for an art gallery . i was the one star - struck . ` ` is that . . . ? ' ' ` ` ` it is . ' ' she must ' ve said that a hundred times before we were interrupted . i crane my neck to see into the other room and she smiled at me . ` ` you ' re so beautiful . they ' re looking at you and you ' re in front of them . ' ' ` ` i ' m pretty sure they ' re not seeing who i am , it ' s you they ' re looking at . ' ' i was wasn ' t . i was that far off the mark , all of them were , and they could ' ve given him the once over , but their attention was all on him . i could don ' t blame them . what i did for a living should be spectacular . and to think that what was happening was even more mouth wateringly spectacular . chapter three after i sent her home in the morning and got back to work , my thoughts on the future and how soon i wouldhave them in my pocket . i finally called her when the week had flown by and still no phone answer . at the end of day when it was almost time to call it off , the doctor showed up with the results . i had no reservations about going into hers and getting the results .