she looked surprised as she watched me , and then herself . i closed my eyes with the delicious taste of the cooked food . ` ` so , where did you learn to cook like this ? ' ' ` ` my mom taught me and i was watching the cooking show , you really like it ? ' ' she took another bite and it tasted same as the last . shaking my head i leaned over and kissed her lips . ` ` it ' s amazing though , really . ' ' i kept the conversation light through dinner , asking her questions about being on tour and what she loved and about her music . as far as i could tell she was more interested in the music than anything else . ` ` um , well , you really wasn ' t thinking about that music thing were you ? ' ' i ' d almost forgotten about that , and i wasn ' t quite sure what had possessed me to think of it much less mention it . but now that she ' d asked me that . . . ` ` as a matter of fact i am . it ' s all i know , and if one of my friends had come to me with this idea i would tell him it ' s crazy . i have no explanation for it , the truth is that from the firsti saw you . on that day something inside me snapped . ' ' ` ` i found myself going back to childhood , to a time when i had to beg for every thing i wanted and needed . when i was twelve , i promised myself that i ' d never be hungry again , and not just for food , but for any of those things i ' d asked for as a child , or anything my heart would want as an adult . ' ' ` ` you ' re the only person my heart ' s ever wanted . it ' ve always wanted to # n ' t take me anywhere , but this , this is different . this is beyond my own control . like i told you before , this whole thing was about getting to know each other and i ' ve gotten to know you . you would ##n ' t have come here with me had you not known half of what i was feeling . i also know that you ' re happier at work and home than the night before . ' ' i still don ' t tell her that i knew that ' s why she ' d slept with the ass * * le who ' d ended up cheating on her . i ' d done some digging and she was less than forthcoming about the reason for their breakup . i 'ain ' t a hard fact , though . i have my ways of finding out things . i wo didn ' t tell her that i loved her ; it was her job to tell if and when she was pregnant . i did say that if i ever ran into the little bitch , i was gon f ##b the shit out of him for getting his hands on her baby . ' ' doesn ' t matter that i wo ##n ' t even know her when it happened , it ' s just the way i am , or at least it ' s the way i want to be where she ' s concerned . ` ` with the baby ? we barely even know each other . ' ' ` ` i really don ' t think that what is going on here has anything to do with time and space . either way , there ' s nothing to worry about now . what ' s done is done , and if it is no ' done , i ' m gon ' make damn sure that it is . the only problem is your own wedding , where i ' m sure you have gone off to before . ' ' ` ` do you know how crazy this all is ? ' ' i shrugged my shoulders at her . i knew it was crazy even from the beginning but i could don ' tdamn her for having her own baby . it was weird when you looked at her , but that ' s what i saw and thought . . . ` ` i ' m sure there have been people who get pregnant after just one day of sex , not two . i ' m even more sure that there are people who get pregnant after just one day . look it this way ; at least we both know where we stand . if the last few days are anything to go by , we love each other more than a little , and the bottom line is clear . i want you , in my bed , with me , no matter what . and baby or no baby , you ' ve met your match , so i suggest you get used to the idea . ' ' ` ` what if i have other kids ? ' ' ` ` like i said , i ' ve gotten to know you , and all that stuff , this is what i want too . as time goes by you ' ll see that i never let anything get in my way , nothing and no one . dinner was ready . ' don ' t you go get yourself something to eat while i clean up ? ' ' chapter 8 shiane i thought the night was over and what a stupid thought , that . i walked out of theheaded on shaky legs for the living room to find something to watch , but i really didn n ' t have much time . my mind was awhirl with all the new things that were going on in my life . in the span of a few short weeks , it seems my world has been turned upside down . i found myself doing things that are completely outside the norm for me . but this news was a lot to take in , and the thought of it made me sick .