he was right . i ' ve never , ever wanted to be a mother and a wife . i ' d thought i would have that dream with donnie , but was it possible to have it with this man that i ' d only just met ? what if he was just saying these things because like he ' d said , he ' d gotten to know me and realized that ' s exactly what i wanted to be ? how was it possible that he could affect me like that in a business environment ? i ' d spent some time online looking for him and everything i could find about him on the net . the only thing that stood out , for his success as a businessman , was the fact that he dated a different woman every couple of months . had he drawn this fine line between them ? no , he didn ' ' t strike me as the type . then , i had to wonder . the things he ' d made me feel . how could i live without them if this was all just a game to him ? he ' d made me feel things i never knew existed inside me . my body has never felt this way before , and even though his touch was a little painful , the sensation was more a pleasure - gift than a pain one . i felt myself swelling just thinking aboutno . could a man really make love to a woman that way without some kind of condom on ? what if it was just sex ? i ' d seen pictures of some of the women he ' d dated in the past and i had to admit all of them were drop dead gorgeous , including the one woman he ' d been involved with a few years ago . the thought gave me a moment ' s panic and i tried if anything to hide my feelings this time , but i was afraid it would be too late . he ' d taken me over completely , something i had no problem with . i had hadn ' t the slightest idea how to handle a man like luke mckenzie . he was way out of my league . i heard him chuckle and searched through the selection of movies i had for something to say . ` ` what ' s wrong ? ' ' he came up behind me and wrapped his arms around me from behind . ` ` what makes you think something ' s wrong ? ' ' i looked over my shoulder at him trying to put a happy face on . ` ` i was wasn ' t sure when we first got here but now i ' m sure it ' s all over your face . ' ' he pulled me towards the couch and sat on his lap with his handshold me close . for some reason i started to cry ; he ' s been so sweet and caring in the months that we ' ve been together , what if it was all a lie ? i had no idea that i ' d start to cry until i felt his thumbs wipe my cheeks gently . ` ` tell me what ' s bothering you baby . ' ' i could only shake my head and cry harder as i buried my face in his chest . ` ` ' ' don ' t play games with me baby , do ' ' ' not like me if you ' re just using me for some stupid reason . . . ' ' i trailed off when i turned my face to his . ` ` oh ! i guess you really don ' t know that stuff about me , all that stuff you keep messing around with . let me ask you something . ' ' he stood up and took my hand in his , leading me out of the bathroom and into the bedroom . standing me in front of the full - length bathroom mirror , he removed my shirt , tossing it to the floor , and i stood before him naked . ` ` you know those marks all over your neck and chest ? do you know what those are for ? ' ' ` ` what ? ' '` ` that ' s the word for it , they ' re also known as claiming marks . i ' ve never given them to a woman before . not since i knew what they meant as a young man . they can mean different things to different people . to me , they are a sign of respect . ' ' ` ` that ' s my mark on you . i put them there as a warning to you and anyone else who might see them , the ones on your ass are , anyone else sees the others , they ' ll crawl up your beautiful ass . ' ' his eyes moved to mine in the mirror that was right at the entrance of my pu * * y . ` ` this time , i said don ' t . a man that ' s not really interested in a woman can f * * k her five times if he really don ' t really want it . ' ' ` ` what ? ' ' i started counting on my fingers and got to five before i was being carried back to the bed . i looked up into his eyes as he laid me down and spread my legs , opening his pants . his c * * k was long and thick , with a drop of pr * * cum dripping from the tip except for the tip . " i thought she wasto be honest , but she already seemed to want me and for now this was the best i could do . maybe i would convince her that this was the real deal . maybe i was just as hard as she was , but with her , i just wasn ' t going to let that get in the way of what i wanted . taking her needs into account , i dropped to my knees between her spread legs and parted her pu * * y lips wider with my tongue .