` ` wrap your legs around me baby . ' ' she wrapped her legs around my waist pulling me in deeper . i never took my eyes off of hers ; i wanted to see what was happening , what she could possibly see because words just wasn ' t enough . when i finished i covered her lips with mine and took her tongue into my mouth as she fed me her sweet nectar . ` ` i love you . ' ' she wrapped around me and cried out at my touch . chapter 8 things settled down quickly after that and we lived a life of pure bliss for the next year and a half . i took her out on my trips for the summer . we talked , we pretended we knew each other and the more time went by , the more in love with her i fell . i no longer questioned the timing of our meeting , or why it had been so hard for me to make the decision i had after so many years of waiting and feeling that way . she was my dream girl , the center of my universe . her band was doing so well , her records were going platinum all over the world and she was in high school . she had a local show coming up this summer . this time i was surprised when she called my phone to let me know that her band washad to be performing at the show . i barely had time to prepare myself since i ' d already gotten a write - up of what was in store for that night . i ' ve been following her movements since the day we met and now i have all the information i need to send her pictures and a few others to her . i ' can ' not tell her what i ' ve found out yet . but i ' t want to bring her this close to her show and i ' ve only just got the details of the contract . it had taken this long because the lawyers had been so thorough with their work . too thorough for them to know how to follow the paper trail , all they know is the details . i had to see her this morning before the show , and i already had my lawyer on hand to take care of it . shiane mason has been so damn wonderful for the last year or so . it ' s not like he went out of his way to ease my fears . maybe it ' s because we were trying to keep our relationship out of the public eye , but i was having more trouble falling in love with him than i ' ve ever thought possible . i wanted to take a page out of his journal and write toto get to know him . i ' d watched him when he really wasn ' t looking , and paid attention to the little details , like how he shielded my body with his whenever we were going out . how he always seemed to want to touch me whenever we were together no matter where we were ; and the way he ' d run his fingers through my hair sometimes when we sat together watching a movie . i just loved the way he made love to me . ever since that night when he ' d kissed me , which , when i think back , it was hot as hell ; he ' s such this great guy . it is so weird thinking of him in that way , he ' s so much more than a boy . i ' d told my family about him and i and him had had a few more conversations in the last few weeks that i still wasn ' t privy to , but my family seemed to like and respect him even with the age difference . " we have a lot going on tonight and i ' m more nervous than ever . " because of the show itself , though , he had taken care of that , too . he ' d found this doctor that specialized in treating people like me . she had put me through this series of exercises that ito calm him down after his appearance . it was an expensive process but so far it seemed to be working . i no longer had that irrational fear of cheating on him . all trace ' s anxiety came from the fact that donnie was back and i knew from our first one sided conversation that he was going to try to get serious with me again . because trace and i had been trying to keep our relationship secret , all along most of the outside world was under the impression that i was still hot for him . then there were the pictures of us walking around together . one guy had gone so far as to make that very clear . i thought he would lose his mind . he ' d gone on a rampage , going so far as to call in reinforcements to investigate the situation and find the person responsible . i knew it probably wasn ' t just the pictures that had sent him over the edge , but the fact that there was another photo posted online from the night before of me and donnie , only this one was starting to look like it was more recent and well , let ' s just say it did don ' t sit well with him to see his girlfriend as he left her , jaw ##ing with some other guy . apparently whatever he ' d done had worked because the guyweek one had been a kiss and an apology . will wonders never cease ? of course , we were getting to the point . he ' d said that he was okay with the whole marriage deal . as the bus drew closer i could see that muscle in his jaw working again .