and then when she came along , my beautiful little girl , i had the feeling in my gut that i would probably ' not be able to keep her . she was the first and only child i ' d ever held in my arms , and the love i ' d felt then , could couldn ' t be compared to what i felt for the little girl shiane held , growing in her arms . i thought of her on tv and knew there was no way i would let her go off on her own , especially in her condition . i came to the conclusion that it was time i was back to work . i knew men and women that i ' d met , the best in their fields , some fresh out of college , but had yet to hire anyone to do what i did . it was an easy decision to make now , whereas before the decision made me sick inside . i lifted the ring with my name on it and kissed her , and i hoped and prayed that i would do this right , by being as gentle as i could and not hurting her . i lowered my head until my lips were in contact with her perfectly rounded stomach and made a promise to my wife and daughter . ` ` you will always be my little girl , no matter what ; i '' ' to come to get you . ' ' i felt the tears gathering in the corners of my eyes , and though it had been years since i ' d cried them , i let them fall . my heart had never felt so full in my life . i loved her until the end and that ' s as long as i could hold her without leaving her . rolling her warm soft body onto her back , i kissed my way down her body , stopping at her br * * sts . i took the tip of the nipple into my mouth , licking and sucking , pulling back like i knew one of my lips would , then moving to the other . by the time i kissed my way down to her sweet spot , she was writhing underneath me . i licked her clit until it was peeking out from under her folds , and spreading her pu * * y lips wide , i closed my eyes and sucked on her clit , her clit slipping into my mouth as i sank in with my teeth . moving down her body , i pushed into her , deeper with each deep stroke . her eyes were tear - filled as she looked up at me . with my hand on the back of her head , i pushed her back so i could look into her eyes . i kissed her . ` `i love that my dick is inside you . ' ' i let one of my hands hold her in between us for a brief moment before pulling her in closer . ` ` give me your mouth first . ' ' she pressed her lips to mine and we stayed like that , our mouths locked together , as i pumped my c * * k in and out of her , her chest rising and falling with my movements . it was the most incredible experience of my life so far , and there was so much more to it . i ' ll make sure of it . " he ' s completely unpredictable and so unlike my dad . i honestly don ' t think i ' ve ever met a more unpredictable man in my life . my dad was an easy , mild ##er man , and he and she had their differences over the years when we were growing up , so i doubt he ' s ever done or said what the hell really happened to her . he beat her up with a stick . since my announcement of my pregnancy , he ' s added one more thing , the ##load . and don ' t get me wrong , i love it , in fact i think i love it because my hormones have been out of control from day one ; and you know how others wouldnot him . he was with my pr , of all people , and a few of the guys that handled my business . the day of our meeting , they ' d dropped the charges that they had been cheating and lying . i ' d sat there stunned , not having the first clue as to what i was going to do next . ` ` # ##n ' t worry , i ' ve got it covered . ' ' ' and how are they and you ? ' ' ` ` the how is this , you do ##n ' t worry what you ' re best at when dealing with those people unless you ' ve taken some kind of master class and you want someone to teach it to you . ' ' it was . i mean , being a small town girl , having all those people in my life , was hard for me , i was just not doing what i wanted , and the fact that i was not getting paid , sucked . ` ` the truth is that they ' re total f * * ks and they love you from a mile away . ' ' i guess they had planned on scott mckenzie coming into my life and turning everything upside down . i ' d wanted to change everything else before that , but didn ' t want the publicity that would beif the press got ahold of them . he threatened to burn them at the stake . in the end he told them that it was time to go public and that they would e ' er be able to bring justice to others . turns out that was the right decision , because before the story broke , others had come forward , claiming that they too had been victims of these sick bastards .