my career started when i was eighteen years old . he had taken the time to skip school for about two weeks and accompany me . i ' d had to play two shows which meant there were hardly any breaks between the shows , but i wanted to get there before i actually had to leave . that ' s when i saw the other side of him . he ' d fired all the assistants for me when i told him i was wasn ' t sure what to look for . he ' d threatened to fire my wardrobe department until they had some sort of solution and he got what he wanted . in the end they ' d come up with more suitable clothes , but none of them were different than the ones i ' d worn before . you kept saying you ' know ' i have to be completely naked on stage to get your point across . one night we were sitting at the kitchen table , i was still sitting on his lap because we ' d just made love and our bodies had been warm . when he pulled out of my arms he ' d said , ' you know we can stay the same all night ' . he ' d given me one of his rings and that was that . i guess that ship had sailed . i ' can ' t say that i felt likefunny , because in a way he was the perfect man and then some . our wedding was a very special day in my eyes . he ' d moved heaven and earth to make it happen and it was perfect . he was completely obsessed with my hair these days , ever since it started to heal . there just wasn ' t a day that went by that he didn ##n ' t spend at least an hour playing with my hair and having these long drawn out conversations with whoever was in charge . eventually though , i knew he ' d reached his limit . ` ` give it back . ' ' he leaned into me as he took my hand in his and pushed my hair back with the other . ` ` i know baby , i know it will get better soon . do something . ' ' that last was said to the doctors and nurses that were waiting in the waiting room . he just hadn ' t said the words that they carried more weight than if they did . the way he said them through gritted teeth and glared at the room ' s occupants . if i was hadn ' t felt so much pain i would ' ve found it funny . ` ` she ' s coming along just fine mr . mckenzie . just one more thing shiane , that ' s a good sign . '' i looked down with all my might as he held my face and whispered in my ear how proud he was of me and how beautiful i was . i think it was his words more so than anything else from the doctor that gave me the extra push i needed to get my son out into the world . i nodded and smiled as i heard his soft laughter fill the room . he never took his eyes off me until the oh - oh from the baby . ` ` oh - oh ? oh f * * k oh - oh , what the f * * k is oh - oh ? ' ' i was ready to rip the little bastard ' s head off if she could . i was in too much of a daze from the intense pain in my body to speak . ` ` looks like we have a baby . ' ' and then my son was born , completely normal and absolutely wonderful . the end chapter one i shift from foot to foot as i check my mother ' s cell phone one last time . i ' m practically bursting at the mouth trying to tell her my good news , and she ' s not answering . i pick up the phone and it goes to her number again . she ' s been a lot more distant ever since she 'and this new mystery guy . she ' ll have to sit down and tell me about him eventually - we ' ve never been able to keep secrets from one another for long . i hang up and push on the number two button on my new cell - hoping to speed - dial my best friend allison . thankfully , she picks up . ` ` i got it ! i need a lawn room ! ' ' i say as soon as she answers , my voice turning into a happy buzz from my new lawn room . allison sounds on the other end with excitement - she knows what a great opportunity this is for me . there are only twenty - five lawn rooms at the university of virginia , where i ' m just finishing my junior year . they were a key part of thomas jefferson ' s plan for the university , and hang out under the canopy from his old mansion . they may be small and drafty , but living in one is a great honor . it ' s a competitive admissions process , and they are open to only the most technically - gifted of seniors . i worked my nerdy ass off in preparation for this opportunity , and i can hardly believe it ' s actually happening . ` ` hey , allison , i ' m putting you on speaker . miriam '# ##nob , miriam , ' ' allison says when she finally takes a seat . miriam is the only member of our small group that i met last year , and she always supported me and helped me through the first two years of college . ` ` brynn , i ' m so proud of you ! i mean , proud of how many hundreds and hundreds of years you waited for this moment ! ' ' she says . i laugh . ` ` ' ' ' you love me ! ' '