i smile , thinking of how much of my time i ' ve spent while sitting in the dusty stacks of the library . not that miriam and allison are just friends but , far from it , the two of them could probably draw you a picture of the house from anywhere . ` ` and if it gets too cold in the winter , you can always come stay with us , ' ' allison says . she and miriam have been friends since freshman year , and will be again this year . they ' ve always encouraged me to apply for housing with them , but after freshman year , they decided i was too much of an outsider for them . ` ` the kitchen is both the best and worst part of the new house , ' ' i say . the s ##s have absolutely no sense of the outside world , and in the winter all you need to keep yourself warm is your own body warmth . it sounds good now , but after freshman year , i think i might be trapped . ` ` are you free tonight ? ' can we go ? ' ' miriam asks . i work in the library as part of my work - study program to cover the cost of my tuition . ` ` maybe we could go to dinner first , maybe watch a movie ? ' ' ` `well , i ' m not sure , ' ' i say , a ##ily bubbling up from my gut , ` ` but i was thinking we could hang out with these guys from my poli - sci class . ' ' there ' s a long pause before allison nods . ` ` oh , okay . . . sounds good . what are you guys going to do ? ' ' ` ` um , they invited us to this party at the crew house , ' ' i say , beginning to tug on the ends of my long blond hair - a nervous habit that hardly ever gets out of control during class . ` ` the crew house ! ? ' ' allison asks , and i can can ' t help but roll my eyes at her theatrics . ` ` brynn , you know as well as we do that those parties are insane ! i heard that last year two of their best players got alcohol poisoning in one night ! ' ' ` ` well , there are only two on the team , so i thought that might be an accident , ' ' i say . ` ` ' i thought it an accident - ' ' ` ` brynn , the thing is , those parties are just insane , ' ' miriam cuts in . ` ` i just want tonot for myself , ' ' i say , trying to keep the sarcasm out of my voice . ` ` i ' ll call you back tomorrow night . ' ' ` ` but . . . ' ' allison says quietly . ` ` okay ! ' ' i say quickly , before miriam can finish her sentence , and hang up . as annoying as my three best friends are , i never get tired of how annoying they can be sometimes . not that i really don ' t know where it comes from . the three of us were weren ' t best friends during high school , and when we saw each other during our freshman year together , it was always an unexpected relief to be with like - minded friends . we were all smart kids , though , with a passion for making movies that helped launch viggo mortensen in the movie industry . but now , i ' m starting to wonder about the nature of our friendship . especially when it comes to going out to parties , and girls . on my early morning walk to the party , i see girls doing the walk of shame around me , their makeup smeared across their faces , all messy , and then i feel jealousy , and then ... curiosity . that all - over - over look . . . if i 'but okay with myself , i want that too . and i promised myself that if i got my memory back , i ' d go to a party . a real college party . the kind miriam and allison roll their eyes at when they see how many brain cells the members are losing by the minute . this college party is the perfect opportunity . i ' m trying not to get my hopes up , but there is a possibility that i might actually get to talk to nate thornhill tonight . just the mention of his name is enough to send shivers down my spine , and i know the real - life nate could probably never live up to the fantasy i ' ve built up in my head . i still remember the first time i saw him , walking across campus the first day of winter break of freshman year . i would ' ve bet my life savings that he was a boy . compared to the boy i had just left behind in high school , he was almost a full - grown man . he wore a navy blue suit like it was his second skin as he walked across the campus , princeton ' s palladian architecture stretching out behind him like it was used as the set for a movie he was starring in . he wore his dark brown hair on the long side , and his back toblew it out of his bright blue eyes . his nose was perfectly straight and ended in a pair of full , full lips and a chin with an adorable curve in it . if it were possible for ryan christensen and jacqueline christensen to have a child , the baby would be nate thornhill . i had learned that he was a business major like me , and since one of mine is political science and one of his is economics , we shared only a few of our respective majors .