i expected him to be in the back with the rest of the class . he was sitting in the front row , ready to raise his voice with his questions . i usually hang out in the middle of the room ; my dad got me into those stupid math classes . i ' ve never worked up the nerve to really talk to him , and besides , he always has a pretty girl on his arm . with his looks , charm , and being the captain of both the basketball and soccer teams , he draws girls in like a magnet . but tonight ? tonight i have promised myself that if he ' s at the party , i am going to enjoy myself . i shoot off a quick text to cara , my best friend from school , to confirm that i ' ll see her tonight , and then turn to my closet . i really only have one thing to wear tonight : a short , slinky black dress with a lace bra that i bought at the mall in spite of miriam and allison ' s protests . i ' m ' t sure what i was buying it for anyway , but it ' s the kind of thing i ' ve seen other girls wear to prom . i pull on jeans and a pair of boots that are just a littlenot to sound cool , but they ' ll have to do . it ' s not like i have the time to start tending to my wardrobe . i pull out the black ##ging ##ko that i bought and sit at my desk . i never usually wear anything but chapstick , but i watch some youtube videos and feel like i can master some of the techniques . with a little mirror , i can put on a little concealer , mascara , black eye ##liner , and black lipstick . i have some makeup , but i ' don ' not use it . i think it ' s a little beyond my skills . with a touch of the black lip gloss , i ' m ready . i open the closet door and check myself in the full - length mirror . with a start , i see myself in the mirror . i turn my head side to side , looking for all the flaws . with a little makeup on , my resemblance to my mom is more pronounced . everyone always thinks she is her , so maybe it ' s possible that i could be her , too . the top is more low - cut than i remembered , and i touch my breasts self - consciously . i have my favorite t - shirts from my mom on , but i ' ve always kept them onno . i love how i get pulled by them , like they ' re a tractor trailer pulling them along . one more quick glance to check my watch again , and i nod to myself , smiling . it ' s been a long time coming , but i think i ' m finally ready to go . chapter twelve the fall night air is cool on my skin as i walk across campus to meet cara and her friends . i see several students heading out for the night and feel compelled to place myself among them . i go over my plans for myself as i approach the kappa house , which is just down the street from campus . no more than two hours . no talking or anything . no sleeping with nate thornhill . ` ` brynn ! ' ' cara calls from the other direction . i smile as i walk away . ` ` great . ##va ' i hear you have a lawn room ! that ' s awesome ! ' ' i lean over to give her a hug . she ' s an incredibly beautiful , smart girl - the kind of girl that everyone considers to be their friend . ` ` cara ! ' ' ` ` holy shit ! you have a lawn room ? are you , like , a model or something ? ' ' her friend cara asks , her jaw dropping . ` `i know ! ' ` those books would have given me even more time to read , ' ' i say with a smile . ` ` cara , you ' ve never been to a fraternity party ? ' ' marie , the youngest of the group , asks . ` ` nope . . . just ... on my way here , i guess , ' ' i say , assessing the crowd . ` ` well , they have the best guys , ' ' she reminds me . ` ` and the hottest girls . ' ' ` ` the guys are hot , ' ' cara says . ` ` of course , if you could just have one . . . ' ' marie says , and they burst into laughter . ` ` hey , you look hot , by the way , ' ' cara says to me as we walk up the front steps of the house . ` ` and that dress . ' ' ` ` thanks , ' ' i say , trying not to blush . a few guys standing on the front porch call the two girls by name , and i blush as i feel their eyes sweep over me . i flip my hair self - consciously and one of them smiles at me . the guys walk past me in the opposite direction . cara leans against the railing and her gaze barely seems to catchher body shakes as she sinks into the floor . 2 . music and the smell of alcohol surround us as we walk in . the lights are low , barely illuminating the mass of people spilling into the living room , and i feel my feet sinking to the dance floor . ` ` cara , the love of my life ! ' ' a tall , blond guy shouts , pulling her up into a hug .