ugh , i ' m such an idiot . i put my hand to my mouth and wipe the back of my hand across my mouth , removing all my lip gloss . i really don ' t belong at parties like this , and i definitely do don ' t belong with nate thornhill . i ' ve never been so humiliated in my life . . . and how dare , asking me to kiss him and that , as if i never would ? the tears well up in my eyes and threaten to spill over . i had such high hopes for him , such high hopes for him . and it ended up being so wrong . i pull my phone out of my pocket and shoot off a quick text to cara : hey , i have a bad feeling . heading back to my dorm . see you later ! i head back across campus and to the door of my dorm room . my phone rings and i pull it back out to read her message : get lost ! i like cara . everything seems to come so naturally to her . she could fit in anywhere , be friends with anyone . i guess i ' m just not that kind of person , much as i ' d like to be . chapter two the words are a blur on the screen in front of me . i shake myno . i ' didn ' t sleep well last night , and now i do can ' t focus on my studies . we have a few weeks left before the end of the semester to graduate , and take final exams . i usually don ' t let myself run away because i need a study chair , but the memories of last night are fresh , and running right now is almost impossible . my phone rings on the table next to me . ` ` hey , mom ! ' ' i say as i look up . ` ` hey , honey ! i just heard you calling for a cab earlier ! i ' m sorry . i was talking with pierce . ' ' her excited voice sounds a little breathless , as it always does when she talks about this new development . ` ` mom , i have some good news . ' ' ` ` me , too ! ' ' she replies . ` ` great ! um , do you want to go out ? ' ' ` ` no , i ' m going to be in town tonight . pierce and i are going to have dinner with you . ' ' ` ` you ' re in town ? ! that ' s the news . ' ' she replies . ` ` no , that ' s not the news ! do you want to try to tell me your' until then ? ' ' ` ` um , sure . why not ? everything ' s great , though , right ? ' ' ` ` everything ' s great ! we have a meeting for ten o ' clock , actually . should we pick you up ? ' ' ` ` no , that ' s okay . it ' s just a short walk from here . ' ' ` ` great ! oh , i ' m so happy to see you ! ' ' she smiles . ` ` me too ! ' ' i close my eyes , nervous . ' i ' m definitely not going to be able to sleep . my mom ' s never seen me like this before . i think . could she and i be together , and she wants to tell me in person ? i thought i ' d be happy for her , but i ' ve never met this guy before . what if he ' s just one more one in the long line of guys that she seems to love ? my mom is so beautiful and always loved the attention her looks get her , but her character has always bothered me . men are always willing to sacrifice everything for her , but they never seem to find the right kind of love . because of their looks , she ' s always had a steady supply ofthat , and she never seems to do anything for herself . she just don ' t know who she is or how to live alone . when i came along , my dad showed his true colors and abandoned her , and she had no one to fall back on as a thirty - two year - old single mother . i had promised myself that i would ##n ' t let myself rely on a man like her . i wanted to make sure i could make my own way in the world , which is probably why i ' ve had my nose in a book my whole life . after two more hours of bible study , i decide to get up a little early so that i can take a walk around town before i meet my mom and her new boyfriend . i put on a light blue sweater and grab a jacket in case the weather is cold . i start to feel a little better when i reach the driveway and see the house ' s white walls in front of me . the color has excited me , and this time i ' ll definitely be living there . i stop in front of the neighbor ' s side of the house - they are white - and wonder which side will be mine . my mind goes back unbidden to last year . i never didto be able to expand my horizons a little . as much as i know what a lounge chair is , it ' s not everything . the way nate ' s eyes glow in the dim light from the tv . . . the dark patch of hair that rests just above his ear . . . the way he looked at me . i realize i ' m pulling on my clothes absent - mindedly , and shake my head at myself - i need to get this straight .