` ` that ' s nate ' s room , ' ' my mom says as we approach the partially open door . ` ` he ' s in there right now . ' ' i shake my head at myself . i wish i could turn off the part of my brain that ' s reacting to him . if anything , though , my erotic thoughts about him have only become more frequent and more intense ever since he put his hand on my leg . ` ` and that ' s your room . ' ' i know don ' t . it ' s right next door to nate ' s room . there are too many people in this house - i would have liked to have a little more space between us . ` ` whoa , ' ' i say as she pushes the door open , and my thoughts about the room are interrupted . a canopy with a fluffy white blanket draped over it hangs over the four - poster bed in the center of the room . a small nightstand , dresser , and dresser make up the rest of the room . the carpet is a light , pink and white , with white flowers on it that accents the light , warm feel of the room . i grab the handle of my suitcase and walk over the to the love seat and sit on the. there ' s a stunning view of the mississippi river - - the house was probably built to go with the beautiful view . i look to my left . ` ` is that my old room ? ' ' ` ` yup - no more secrets ! ' ' my mom says excitedly . i step inside and admire the off - white walls and large windows . i ' ve never been in a house so beautiful . i ' don ' t think i ' m ever going to call this my home from now on . ` ` you want anything to drink ? ' ' my mom asks from the kitchen . ` ` um , sure , that would be great , ' ' i say over my shoulder . ` ` sure , i ' ll whip something up . you stay here and get ready . i ' ll be in the kitchen when you ' re ready to go . ' ' i go back into the kitchen as my mom disappears down the hall . there is one thing i know that i just don ' t trust myself to ask her . it ' s that . . . i know my mom worries about me , about not graduating from college with that much money . it ' s not that i think she would have married me just for the money , but i think that it would be aher just a bit . they got together pretty quickly - does she really know him that well ? maybe i ' m just falling back into my usual routine of co - parenting and ignoring her . she ' s a grown woman , can ' t ' t control what she does and i ' m not responsible for her . . . . not to mention , i am so lucky to not have to take out student loans for the rest of my life . i kick my shoes off and sink back down onto the love seat . the water is a deep blue , barely visible through the palm trees that line the front of the house and lead down to the beach . i jump when a sound breaks the silence . i recognize nate ' s voice as he walks out from the back deck to the beach , a lacrosse stick slung over his shoulder . sheesh - is he training again ? he just started ! i bite my lip as i watch him drop the stick to the ground and peel off his shirt . he uses it to wipe the sweat from his brow , then throws it on a chair and kicks off his shoes . his body is just . . . perfect . i mean , i guess it makes sense . three varsity sports is not enough to give anyone a body like histhank god , but he still has the body to match . he stands in the pool and i watch him spin a little , the clear blue water flowing down his muscular chest and arms . i need to get used to seeing him like this - and not acting like a complete freak every time we ' re in the same room . this is my new life . ` ` your food ' s ready ! ' ' my mom calls out , her voice echoing a bit in the multi - story house . i get up and head downstairs . i walk into the small dining room before making my way to the kitchen . i pause when i notice the kitchen windows face directly out onto the pool . no . ` ` ' ' don ' t think nate ' s swimming in the pool . the water ' s too cold , ' ' my mom says . ` ` no , he ' s already . . . ' ' i say , before i can understand what she says . i ' m too distracted by nate ' s body , his feet moving effortlessly through the water . ` ` ' you two never even ran into each other on campus in the four years you ' ve been at uva ? ' ' she asks , tossing a napkin onto the coffee table in the breakfast room .we sit down across from each other and i start talking . ` ` well , i . . . we ' ' ' not really date . ' ' ` ` really ? ' ' my mom asks , noting the slight tremble in my voice . ` ` well , nate ' s pretty well known around here . he plays on the basketball and soccer teams , he ' s really , really - ' ' i stop myself and have to clear my throat . ` ` good - looking ? ' ' my mom asks with a smile . ` ` well . . . ' ' i pause .