i head downstairs with my book bag slung over my shoulder . the whole house is quiet as i walk up the stairs and into the hall . nate must still be in his office . my mom told me he had been at the think tank downtown . i grab my purse as i walk into my room and kick the door back shut behind me with my foot . i ' n ' t want to get this dress wet . it ' s my only good skirt , and it ' s a little tight around my waist . i go into the bathroom and turn on the elegant water above the sink . i tie my hair behind my ears with a black ribbon and splash some cool water on my face . some days are always long , and i think today is too long . when i look back up to my room , dripping with sweat , i see something moving in the mirror . i stare at it blankly , not understanding what i ' m seeing . the mirror above the sink is reflecting the mirror above my dresser in the bedroom , which is in turn reflecting the image from my partially open bathroom door . it ' s nate , i realize . he ' s right outside my door , and he ca ##ckle ' s . i can feel him . i look back at the sink ,pretending to drink the rest of the water as it goes down the drain . a thrill of excitement runs through me at the thought that nate could possibly be interested in me - i mean , he ' s here , right now , watching me . before i know what i ' m doing , before i can think of all the reasons not to , i quickly move my hands to my lower back and undo the button at the top of the shirt , then lift my dress . i let it fall in a heap at my feet , then step out of it . i look up , and nate is still standing in the mirror smiling . allison ' s voice echoes in my mind but i keep going . i am high , high on the idea that i ' m being watched . i grab hold of the hem of my now open dress with my hands and pull it up over my head , then toss it onto the floor . as i look back in the mirror , i try to imagine what someone else would think when they look at me , without my constant , racing thoughts telling me bad things about myself . do i have the kind of body that someone like nate could find attractive ? stripping down to my bra and panties , i start to feel awkward , so i stand up toand my bra . i feel the clasp release on my bra and reach my hands up to catch it before it falls . ` ` brynn ? you home ? ' ' i hear my mom call from the stairs . i turn , holding the bra against my chest . i look up . nate is there . ` ` yup , i ' m home ! ' ' i call back . ` ` i like your hair ! i ' m coming down - i want to hear all about your hot date . ' ' i hear her footsteps on the stairs and quickly refasten my bra . nothing like your mother ' s ability to control your hair . chapter twelve the next few weeks of my school life seem to pass relatively smoothly , mainly due to the fact that nate is hanging out with his friends from school , and our run - ins have been few and far between . i ' ve fallen into a routine of sorts , even if i don ' t ' t feel like i ' m at home anymore . i ' d gone to bed early last night , with the intention of sleeping in this morning and starting school with allison later in the week . when a loud crash from downstairs wakes me - i stare wide eyed at my alarm clock , i 'probably around 7 : 15am . who ' d be up this early on a saturday morning ? i climb out of bed and run to my door . i open it a crack and hear something moving around inside . i peek out into the hall and notice everyone ' s bedroom doors are locked . i hope there ' s an alarm system - i have to find the passcode . maybe the escaped convict is inside ? i run down the stairs and into the living room . the noises sound like they were coming from the kitchen . the front door is open , and i poke my head through it , my heart pounding in my chest . suddenly , nate steps out in front of me . ` ` hey ! ' ' he yells , and i jump back , startled . ` ` oh , shit , i thought you were a cop . ' ' ` ` ' you should have called 911 , ' ' he says angrily , turning his back to me and walking to the door . ` ` well , you should be . you probably didn ' t . ' ' sheesh , does he have to do something wrong with everything i do ? ` ` what are you doing up this early anyway ? ' ' ` ` .' just passed out . ' ' ` ` oh . this morning ? ' ' i ask , peering at him . he ' s playing with something in front of him . ` ` yeah , this morning . you need to stay in shape during the off - season . ' ' ` ` i ' ll be here if - ' ' i break off , when i see blood dripping from his lip onto the kitchen floor . ` ` oh my god , you ' re bleeding ! ' '