funny , but . . . ' ' ` ` ' he sounds like a nice person . i mean . . . i just don ' t know why you ' d want to be friends with a guy like that . or , maybe i ' m just . . . ' ' i shake my head , trying to process this sudden turn of events . ` ` i know . . . what you just said to him , came along with the things he was saying to me . but , i didn ##uld ' t think you cared for him . ' ' ` ` it was wasn ' t always like that , ' ' nate says softly , pointing over to a framed photo sitting on his desk . i glance at it , then walk over to get a better look . ` ` oh my god , is that you ? ' ' i ask , picking it up . it ' s a school photo from high school , two sets of college students with their parents standing next to them . nate is easy to spot . ` ` you look really young , like you ' re on the way to the prom or something . ' ' nate looks over my shoulder at me , his face an exact replica of his younger self . ` ` that was the year my parents died , ' ' he says softly . `` oh . oh , i ' m sorry . did you go see her ? ' ' ` ` no . she made her own . ' ' he pauses for a moment . ` ` that one ' s mine , ' ' he says , pointing to the other little one . i smile . he had a nice smile , back then . ` ` i ' m glad you heard me say those words . he ' s the kind of guy who , if you tell him something ' s off limits , that makes him want you even more . he ' s never been without anything . so i thought it would be nice to tell him that i really don ' t want you in the first place . ' ' i fiddle with the edge of the blanket and then turn to face him . he ' s much closer than i thought he was . ` ` so . . . you really don ' t think those things about me ? ' ' i ask , feeling suddenly shy . ` ` no , the exact opposite , actually , ' ' he replies , very quietly . ` ` brynn you are beautiful . ' ' there ' s a long silence between us . ' ' ' ' i tear my gaze away from his face . i notice he ' s smiling , ever so slightly, and my lips slowly part , my body taking over from my brain . every inch of my skin heats , and i suddenly feel alive - a completely different feeling than anything i ' ve ever experienced being this close to him . right before his mouth meets mine , i close my eyes . when our lips press together , an electric shock runs through me , unlike anything i ' ve ever experienced before . his lips touch mine , then move a little more slowly , pulling me into the kiss . i ' ve been kissed by a lot of guys over the years , but this one is something else . nate is something else . his hands slide around my waist and down to the small of my back as his lips press against mine . all my fears disappear , all my doubts and doubts - and it ' s that i can pretend he knows exactly what he ' s doing , and that i can let myself go , lose myself in his kiss . he lifts me up with his arms and his bottom lip brushes against mine . i almost gasp when i feel his tongue slip slowly into my mouth . electricity shoots straight from my fingertips to the tips of my toes . i press my body against his and my hands move of their own accord up to his shoulders . "press my face against his chest and feel his strong arms and his rapidly rising and falling chest . it ' s my first clue that there ' s something else hidden beneath his usually calm exterior . his tongue slips slowly into my mouth , and his arms pull me back against his chest . i wrap my arms around his neck and run my fingers through the hair and onto the collar of his shirt . i can feel his erection pressing against my thigh as he runs his hand up my hip . i want nothing more than to take my shirt off , crawl into his lap , and be held by him . . . to feel his hands all over my body . . . touch me . . . ' he pulls away . i almost fall over in shock . my eyes fly open . ` ` you should ##n ' t have done that , ' ' he says . ` ` what ? ' ' i ask , pushing away from my chair . ` ` nothing ' s wrong . . . you ' re my friend . maybe it ' s better if we just keep our distance from each other . ' ' ` ` yeah , you ' re right . . . ' ' i say , feeling like he ' s just slapped me across the face . i walk over to the door . i walkthen i close it , wishing i could put into words what i ' m feeling , but i ca n ' t . i close the door and close it softly behind me before heading to my room . as i curl up under the covers , i try to wrap my head around all the turns this night has taken . i ca n ' t . nate and i just kissed . i mean , i ' ve been thinking about that ever since i first laid eyes on him freshman year .