could ' ' we made the deal ? ' ' his smile fades a little . ` ` ' i just don ' t feel like it . ' ' ` ` well , i guess there ' s a first time for everything . just stay out of my business , okay ? ' ' i say , and walk toward the door . ` ` i ' ll stay out of yours if you stay out of mine , ' ' he says . i turn to face him , ` ` is that what this is about ? you ' re upset because i told you your dad died , and you tried to ruin my life ? ' ' i hold up my hands in surrender . ` ` no , it really wasn ' t that . ' ' ` ` so what ? i really don ' t have time to play games with a little man - whore . ' ' ` ` i ' m sorry , okay ? i really am . ' not like seeing you with that guy . . . something about his face - off , just play - acting , ' ' he says , standing up and walking over to me . ` ` what ? this is the second time you ' ve come between me and that guy . ' ' i hold up my hand to stop him from leaving . ` ` and now ,i mean , he ' isn ' t a bad guy , but that ' s not the case with greg , right ? he ' s a good guy . so tell me , why do you care ? ' ' i ask him . he stares down at me . there ' s a long pause , his pupils narrow , i can almost see him struggling with the decision , but i refuse to wait until he makes it . ` ` you know why , ' ' he says , looking me in the eyes , his voice low and husky . before i know what ' s happening , his arms are around me , pulling me against him . his kiss takes my breath away - his hands slide up under my shirt , pulling down my bra straps and quickly working the clasp . his mouth finds mine as he reaches down around my waist and picks me up easily , lowering us both to his lap . when nate sets me down , i notice my bra is hanging just over the edge , and he pulls away from our kiss to pull off my shirt . he turns to look down at my breasts spilling out of my lace bra and pressing into my bra . ` ` oh god , brynn , i have to taste you , ' ' he groans . i gasp as he sinks his teethinto my mouth and then slide his lips across my tight stomach , on his way up to my ear . my knees buckle as his tongue slides into my mouth , and i grab onto his shoulders for support . my mind ' n ' body catches up with what ' s happening , but my thoughts are a blur , and my body is urging him on , desperately . as he sucks on my neck , i slide my hands up and under his shirt , finally touching the man i ' ve wanted for so long . his muscles are even harder than i thought they would be , and they flex beneath my exploring fingertips . i keep moving my hands up , feeling his muscles flex beneath my palms , and i feel the hard length of his erection pressing against my stomach . . . i want nate thornhill on . holy shit . the thought drives me wild and i feel myself instantly grow wet with need , my body trembling with pure , raw need . no one has ever made me feel this way before . he pulls back for a moment and pulls off his shirt , tossing it carelessly to the floor , displaying his muscular chest for all its glory . hours of hours training in the gym , and on the beach have already sculpted his body into a beautiful masterpiece for me .he slowly steps forward and takes my bra straps in his long fingers , pulling them down my arms and tossing my panties onto the pile of clothes on the floor . i gasp softly as he looks at my naked body , coming slowly out of his mouth . he sinks to his knees in front of me and leans down , kissing me softly on my lips . i place my hands on his shoulders and he moves lower , running his tongue along the underside of my breast . i cry out as he takes my right breast into his mouth , sucking gently on my nipple . he moves his hand down to cup my other breast , and i throw my head back , feeling desire swell in my chest like i never have before . i feel his fingers slip under the hem of my dress and gently pull it up . his mouth moves to my right nipple , gently biting it and flicking his tongue back and forth across my skin . i hear my panties fall to the floor and his hands slide up my legs from my hips , his fingers wrapping around my inner thighs . he bends his head and kisses me , just below the edge of my white lace panties . ` ` i ' ve been thinking about how good you taste , ' ' he says , almost whispering. he pulls my panties down just a bit and runs his tongue over the most sensitive skin . i begin to tremble , a mixture of unbridled desire and fear , as he pulls my panties down to my ankles . i feel his hot breath on my neck , and a moment later his mouth is on mine , kissing and touching my most private of parts .