` ` just like that . nice and slow at first . ' ' he drops his hand and i keep going , feeling the thick , veiny head of his cock move slightly under my touch . he takes my other hand and places it on his balls , rubbing them with it . his hands immediately fall to his sides , and i look up to see his eyes widening and his lips parting . slowly , i lean forward and , with my lip between my teeth , i take him into my mouth . i hear him groan and i laugh softly . he must don ' t know that i ' ve read my fair share of sex books , even if i ' ve never really read anything into them . i start moving my hand down his length , testing how far in i can take him . i pause when he hits the inner wall of my mouth , when i ' m still poised at his entrance , and then begin to slide back in . ` ` oh , god , brynn . you sure you ' ve never done this before ? ' ' he watches me , eyes wide as i swirl my tongue around his tip and then take him deep into my mouth . i move my hand back to his balls and stroke him gently as i move up and down his length . i hear him gaspand then his hand goes to the back of my head , his fingers in my hair . ` ` fuck , ' ' he growls , pulling his head back . ` ` stand up . ' ' ' when nate uses that tone with me or orders me around , it always gets under my skin . but right now , it ' s turning me the hell on . i get to my feet . he quickly grabs the elastic band of my panties and drops them to the floor . we stand before each other naked , the air between us charged . without taking his eyes off mine , he reaches down and spreads my legs . i cry out , and he slides his fingers between my # ##ness , and then inside me . i nearly fall over from the force of my reaction to his touch , and have to grab onto his shoulders to steady myself . he pulls me into him so that i ' m pressed against his chest , my head resting just under his chin . his finger slides in and out of me , and his thumb rubs over my clit . i reach down and try to move my hand up and down his length like he taught me , but i ' m so turned on that i ' m barely aware of what i ' m doing . ` ` you ' re almost there ,' ' he growls . he pulls his mouth out of mine and picks me up under the arms and lifts me onto the bed . in a flash he ' s pushing my legs apart and kneeling between them . his head drops down and i moan again as his tongue takes a long lick of my clit . i feel him slip two fingers inside me , and i feel him swirl them all around , stretching me out . his tongue circles and rubs against me the whole time , until i start to come . ` ` oh , nate , oh , nate ! ' ' i cry out , and he groans . i gasp at the sudden loss of contact and lift up my head to look at him . he ' s no longer between my legs , but standing to pull something out of his pocket . he smiles at me as he hands me the condom he ' s pulling out of his pocket . he tears one off and tears it open with his teeth , then throws the rest on the bed next to me as he steps back . i watch as he rolls it to his lap and slowly rolls it over his length . then he kneels down on the bed , his legs between mine , and lies down on top of me with his weight on his hands. ` ` this first time will probably hurt a little , but it ' ll feel good again , ' ' he says , tucking a strand of hair behind my ear . i laugh softly . he kisses me , his lips gently brushing mine , and i feel his erection against my thigh . i think ##w ' t believe it ' s finally happening . he reaches down , pulling my leg up and pressing it against his hip . he takes his cock in his other hand , holding it at just the right angle . i gasp as he enters , and sharp pain shoots through my entire lower body . i feel his hips begin their forward movement . he moves his mouth up to my ear , gently sucking on my lobe and darting his tongue in and out as he moves in again . the pleasurable taste in my mouth seems to distract me from the heavy erection i have pressing into me . i close my eyes and wrap my legs around his waist , willing myself to relax . i know i ' m in good shape . just when i think the pleasure might be more than i can bear , he moves , and i can feel the muscles of his hips pressing against me . he ' s all the way in . he circles inside me , and i feel my own wave of pleasureloving the feeling . he leans his head back and looks at me . ` ` ready ? ' ' he asks . i nod , still breathless . without taking his eyes off mine , he begins to pull himself out , all the way to his hilt , before pushing in again .