then i close my lips over my fingers and wrap them around him , opening my mouth wide to take him . i move slowly down his length , wanting to make him feel as good as he ' s been making me feel . and to tease him a little , too , if i ' m being completely honest . i look up at him as i pull back , and see him biting his lip as he looks down at me . i tease his tip with my tongue for a moment as he watches me . i feel myself getting wet - and going down on him turns me on so much i ' don ' t know , but it does . his hands wrap around the back of my head , digging into my hair , and he throws his head back . i take him into my mouth , and start to move faster . i bring one hand up to cup his balls , and wrap the other around his base , opening my mouth . i still can ##n ' t fit his hard length in my mouth , so i decide this is kind of a bad idea . my eyes start to water a little as i hear him start to come . i move even faster , wanting to feel him come in my mouth , and to taste him . ` ` fuck , fuck , fuck , i ' m gonna, ' ' he says , and suddenly my mouth is filled with saliva . i keep moving my head back and forth even though i feel it coming a little out of the corner of my mouth . should i stop him ? i ' don ' t know what else to do , so i lean back for a breath and let it slide down my throat . nate ' s taking deep breaths beside me , his chest heaving , so i lean back slightly and stroke his cock gently . it rises a little . i guess i want it to , you know , go down right away , but it remains right there . i sit back up . to my surprise , he wraps his arms around me and kisses me . i think he must have no sense of where my mouth has been , but his body presses in against mine and i melt against him . his hand slides up my back and he presses himself against me . ` ` how much longer do you think they ' ll be here ? ' ' he asks pulling away and bringing his other hand up to my cheek . ` ` no idea . ' ' ` ` well , i ' ll make this quick , just in case . ' ' he pushes me away and leans back . ` ` good . ' ' i almost groan at the thoughthis touch is burning through me . i take off my shirt and my pants , then remove my bra and toss my panties to the side as he watches . my lips part as he wraps his hand around his cock and it comes free instantly . ` ` i want you to be on birth control now , okay ? ' ' don ' t want to have to wear a condom with you . ' ' ` ` does this feel so good ? ' ' ` ` ' yes . and i want to feel myself right here against you . ' ' he reaches over to his bedside table and pulls a condom out and sets it on the bed . ` ` here , ' ' he says , holding his hand out to me . i walk over , and he turns me around , pressing my back against him . i feel his hand on the small of my back as he runs his fingers down my stomach and then down to my breasts , gently circling my nipples . i arch into his touch . i ' ve never felt anything close to the way he makes me feel . ` ` a little faster and harder this time , okay ? ' ' he asks , and i nod , shocked beyond words . his fingers slide over and around my clit , and i can hear the sound of mygroaning as he slips his finger inside me . ` ` you ' re always so wet . . . good girl . ' ' his other hand snakes up to my jaw and turns my head so that i ' m facing him . he kisses me , softly , his tongue in my mouth as his hand slips inside my panties . his thumb slides over my clit and i cry out in pleasure and surprise . as if he were just waiting for this moment , he rolls me over and pushes me down onto my back on the bed . he picks up the condom next to him and quickly tears it open and rolls it on . he grabs my ass and leans forward , pulling my leg up so that it ' s resting on the edge of the bed . he leans over me , gently taking my breast into his mouth and then sucking on my nipple . he shifts his weight onto his elbows and i feel him press against me . there ' s a little pain left over from last night , but also pure pleasure . he pulls me out , moving slowly but surely until he ' s all the way in . my nails dig into his back and he pushes again , a little harder . then he sits up , still inside me , and pulls my legs up so that my kneeshands resting on his shoulders . he moves his other hand to my hip , and i gasp as he begins to rub my clit with his thumb . i cry out as he begins to move in and out of me at the same time , and i watch his face as he makes himself move to my entrance .