the feel of his fingers on my clit and his cock inside me is almost driving me crazy . ` ` aaggh , ' ' i cry out again , and nate ' s eyes flick up to my face . he drops his fingers from my clit and leans back so that both of his legs are spread across the comforter . my hands are resting on his shoulders , and i can feel the increasing tension in my body from this position . i ' m not completely helpless . he begins to pound into me in earnest now , his body shaking and his neck muscles bulging . i close my eyes and lose myself to the pleasure of being fucked over and over again . he ' s fucking me so hard , and i ' m completely out of control and helpless . maybe it would make me happy with any other guy , but i feel completely helpless with nate . as my orgasm begins to rip through me , i feel his hands grip my hips tightly , holding me tightly against him as he explodes inside me . ` ` brynn , fuck , fuck , brynn ! ' ' he cries as he releases himself . my legs fall from his shoulders and slam onto the bed as he collapses on top of me . i gasp for air , andto get the sleep out of my eyes , i feel him move on top of me . he tips his head back and waits for a response . ` ` they ' re probably still here . ' ' ` ` yeah , probably so , ' ' i reply , softly . ` ` mmm , ' ' he says with a wicked grin , and begins to kiss down the center of my chest as he drops to his knees on the bed . ` ` nate , what are you - oh , god , ' ' i gasp , as he takes a slow bite of my nipple . ` ` i can ##va ' t wait until morning to taste you again . it ' s like i ' m addicted to this , to you . ' ' i close my eyes as he begins to flick his tongue over my clit . i thought i was so worn out , but i ' m coming back to life so fast under his expert touch . his hands push my legs to the side of the bed , pushing them wide apart so that he has full access and access . i feel his tongue sliding in and out of me - a completely different sensation than when he used his fingers . my back arches off the bed as he moves closer to my clit , flicking it .. i moan as i feel waves of pleasure begin to course through my body . my body starts to twist and roll , but nate ' s arms hold me close to the bed , and his tongue keeps flicking at me . my body has no choice but to remain completely oblivious to the sensations he ' s creating . for some reason , it ' s when nate backs off , that my body goes into a full - blown orgasm , my back arching up off the bed , and the top of my head and my ass coming into contact with the mattress . ` ` oh my god , ' ' i whisper as i nod slightly . i turn my head slightly and watch him lick his lips before lying down next to me on the bed and then wrapping his arm around my shoulders . ` ` we should get dressed , ' ' he tells me , kissing me softly before sitting me up . i smile . where ' s he getting all this ideas ? i feel like i could sleep for hours . ` ` do you think there will ever come a time when we can have them ? ' ' i ask with a smile as i sit up . he pauses for a moment as he pulls open his dresser drawer . ` ` i smile , ' you know . '' ' - keep it our secret for now . ' ' ` ` no , nate , i really wasn ' t thinking that - ' ' i break off when we both hear a car pull up to the front of the house . i walk over to the pile of my clothes and gather them up in my arms before running to the door . ` ` see you later ! ' ' i call out over my shoulder as i run back up the stairs . as i shut my door behind me and start pulling on my clothes , i wonder why nate was so quick to suggest that we keep it private . not that i want something private - for now , at least . but still . . . i mean , does he really want keeping our relationship secret forever ? what kind of thing would that be , really ? i mean . these kinds of things are what allison told me about in the first place . it ' s become . . . real . what was once a one - off fantasy has become real for us . very real . and nate has said he has feelings for me , that i ' m his , but he just hasn ' t been any more specific than that . for my part , ' ' don ' t think this is a purely physical thing . i ' mtoo good for him . chapter twenty - two going to school this week and being away from nate during the week has been like going into total darkness . i just have to force myself to focus , because sometimes i find myself staring off into the distance , remembering what he said to me the other night . i thought i could have come back home at home tonight , but i promised allison i ' d go out with her .