i gasp as i feel his long fingers against my skin . he pulls his hand away , and leans his head back . his lips brush against the front of my shirt for a moment , and then i feel his long fingers undo the front clasp of my sports bra . i feel my breasts thrust forward , and his thumbs brush against my nipples as he cups them in his hands . he begins to rub them together gently , and then i feel him suck my other nipple into my mouth . he runs his tongue across it as he does , then moves to my other breast . ` ` i ' m ready , ' ' i whisper . ` ` uh - uh , not yet , ' ' he says , pulling my nipple out of his mouth for a moment . then he begins to trail kisses down my stomach , pausing for a moment to stick his tongue in my belly button . i feel him scrape his teeth across the thin strip of fabric on the underside of my breasts . ` ` i like these very much , ' ' he says . ` ` ' we ' ll have to try these on . ' ' then he ' s gone . i hear the sound of what could be his shirt being pulled over his head , but i can ##uld ' t be sure. there ' s nothing for a second , and i ' m lost in this world of sensation where he ' s inside me , completely under his control . i gasp as i feel him blow a stream of hot air against my clit and feel my body tense up . his hands slide up my thighs and slip under the sides of my panties , and i realize he must be right in front of me . i feel him slowly slide his fingers under the right side of my panties , pulling them away from my body and dropping them to the left side . he is on me again , and then his tongue hits my clit again . ` ` spread your legs , ' ' he tells me roughly . i comply , pushing myself forward on my high heels . his tongue slips into my mouth and i cry out . ` ` fuck , nate , ' ' i moan , and he begins to flick his tongue back and forth against me . i respond instantly , and he begins to speed up , moving his tongue slowly . but just as i ' m on the edge , my back arching as far as i can , he comes back again . i gasp . i still don ' t stop there , but he ' s not moving fast enough to give me away . hishis hand slides under my skirt , beneath the fabric of my panties . i gasp as he slips a finger inside me . i ' ve never felt anything better before . he moves slowly inside me , alternating his fingers with his words . once i get over my shock at the new sensation , i find that i love it . on top of everything that he ' s already doing to me , and is now doing , he ' s driving me right toward the edge again . i gasp as he slips two fingers from his other hand inside my panties , making a circular motion against my g - spot . i feel a tremor begin to course through my body , but he pulls his hand out quickly . my knees nearly buckle at the delicious sensation he ' s leaving behind . ` ` nate . . . ' ' i protest . he leans forward slightly , flicking his tongue once , hard , against my clit . my body arches in response . the tension has built up inside me to such an extent that not able to let go of it is torture . i beg him to let it go . ` ` please ? ' ' he asks again , and rewards me with another hard flick of his tongue , his finger still moving slowly inside me . ` ` please . . . '' the pleasure is overloading my senses , and i can barely think . ` ` ' what ? ' ' ` ` i need you . . . please . i need you inside me right now . please , i ' m begging you . i ' m begging you , nate . ' ' i almost cry with relief . he pulls his finger out of me and i hear the sound of a condom being ripped open . he pushes into me and grabs one of my legs , wrapping it around his waist as he pushes into me . i cry out at the sensation . he pushes back hard , pushing me against the bed again , and at about his third thrust , i feel my orgasm slowly pass through me . he pushes into me again and again . his mouth leaves mine as the first waves of pleasure wash over me . even though i ' m naked , i can feel that he ' s still deep inside me . i feel him reaching for me , and realize that he ' s unknotting the t - shirt around my waist . my arms fall to my sides , and he pulls out of me . i feel him grabbing my hips and lifting them , then he puts his hands back down on my hips and i realize he ' s pushing my lower body down onto the bed . itilting my head to the side so i can watch as he moves my panties , still hanging to the side , to my ankles . his hands barely holding them together , i feel him enter me from behind . even though i ' m sore from my first orgasm and all the build - up up to it , i feel my body begin to respond immediately .