after eileen leaves and i ' ve hidden myself in my room , i can can ' t help but smile at her again . it ' s been a long time since my own mother has taken care of me and treated me the way she did , even though the situation must have been far worse for her than it was for me . she told me that she ' d try not to get her hopes up for a relationship over the phone , but it could still happen . i keep remembering the look on nate ' s face when i mentioned our brief relationship . i could tell he really meant the things he was saying . my heart breaks at the thought that i wo ##e ' t want to see him again , and hold him against me . but i feel like it ' s been years since i ' ve seen him . i hear my mom and dad coming downstairs in the late afternoon , and i glance at my bedroom door . i ' don ' t want to see them again , or anytime soon , for that matter . i think of how nate seems to admire his father when he is young , and his mother appreciated his love . even though she was not in his life until he was eight or nine , she must have had an effect on him in those early years , andstick to the other side she passed down to him too . i think he wanted to tip the balance in her favor , to make sure that nate was sticking to the side of himself that his mother had passed down to him . but no , i don ##n ' t have the power to make such a thing happen . no . he referred to what happened between us as a friendship . my body wraps around myself as if i ' ve just been punched in the gut . i can feel the pain deep in my bones . i thought that you were better than all the other girls i ' ve dated , but you ' re not . you ' re too good to me , brynn . his words keep rolling around in my head , and i can ##n ' t make them go away . i ' don ' t know if i ' ve ever felt so utterly alone before . eventually , i fall asleep , my body finally giving in to the exhaustion i feel . when i wake up , it ' s almost nine at night . my mother ' didn ' t even bother to join us for dinner , i realize . i feel a surge of anger against her . mothers are supposed to protect their children , but of course she ' s on nate ' s side . she thinks he 'like some kind of hero , saving her and her little brother from this horrible place . i want to cry . i want her to be here , to be there for me like i ' ve been there for her countless times . but i know my anger is justified ; i ' ve long since accepted that i just don ' t deserve her , and don ' t want her to be any different from the person that she was . my stomach growls , reminding me that i ' ve missed a meal or two already . i f ##n ' t even feel like eating , because i know that i ' ll never be able to go to sleep again , without a little something in my stomach . i sigh and get out of bed and walk over to my closet , pulling my jeans on over my t - shirt . i push open my door and listen . i swear i can still hear the sound of the tv from my room and nate ' s breathing . should be safe , though . i creep down the hall , glancing at the closed door to nate ' s old room . still there , i think . still out there . how long can this really last ? i think as i creep quietly down the hall . i feel like we ' re pulling tightly - wound strings , andone of them is going to break down . i think i for sure ' i ' ll be walking around the house like this , ignoring everyone . in the kitchen , i make myself a cream cheese sandwich , feeling the need for some real food . i ' m just turning off the stove , when i hear the door to luke ' s room open . i go to grab the pan and drop the sandwich onto my plate before he walks in , but i ' m too late . ` ` brynn , ' ' he says from the doorway . ` ` we missed you at dinner . ' ' ugh , that guy , acting like nothing happened . ` ` just do something normal , ' ' i reply quickly . as i drop the pan and reach into the sink , i see over my shoulder that he ' s walking toward me . he positions himself between the sink and the counter , joining me at the counter . ` ` your mother is very upset , ' ' he tells me , his brow furrowed into a deep frown . ` ` is she ? ' ' i ask through gritted teeth . if he expects me to lie , or if her death is my fault , then he ' s wrong . ` ` brynn , i think you ' ve got the wrong impression .beautiful , ' ' he says , taking a step toward me . i slowly turn to face him . ` ` you have no idea how hard it is for a man , to have a beautiful woman like you in the world . ' ' ` ` i ' m your woman , alec , ' ' i practically whisper . my heart is in my throat .