megan managed to get him into the passenger seat of her parents ' range rover . once he was fully seated and buckled in , she climbed in beside him . her parents sang softly to each other as they made their way through the tree - lined streets where megan had grown up . while some might look upon her as having a rebellion against her status as an unmarried woman , she had lived a relatively non - violent life . even though she ' d been a teenager and associated with the popular kids at school , she never partied to drink . instead , she was focused on getting good grades . during that time , she had her heart set on going to medical school and becoming a doctor . from the time she was a little girl , she had wanted nothing more than to help people . she was always helping birds with broken wings and trying to help those that had been hit by lightning . she was playing doctor for the ` ` princess . ' ' her desire to become a doctor was why she had the highest grades and best grades and why she had resisted all attempts to put her on the right path . she had even managed to avoid the usual college curriculum when she went off to the university of pennsylvania . it was wasn ' t untilshe fell in love for the first time in her life that she threw everything away . now , she could ##n ' t believe that her true love was davis , mason ' s father . instead , it was another football player , this time a while back from uga , who met and nearly broke her heart a year later . carsyn was with the wrong guy , and when she was with him , she partied and drank too much . davis was jealous and jealous , and he wanted all of her attention . when she was with him , she had no time for herself . with her foot stuck in the sand , she was responsible for the emotional breakdown she had when carsyn broke up with her . so , she stopped going to college and ended up taking the exam . by the time she got back on track with her exams , she had lost all hope of finishing college . instead , she decided that she would become a nurse , which would eliminate her need to care for other people . of course , her relationship with davis ended up ending just before graduation when she got pregnant again . she had to take six months off before mason was born . she was a few months behind from when she had originally planned on graduating , but she was excited about everythingif that really happened , she was not sure . her mother ' s voice pulled megan out of her thoughts . ` ` here we are , ' ' she said softly . leaning back in her seat , megan checked the clock on the dashboard . she was wasn ' t surprised to see they had about half an hour before the service started . one thing her mother pride herself on was being on time and lending a hand . as they walked into the church , her mother called for mason . ` ` we ' ll get him and you can go see if emma needs any help . ' ' megan leaned down to kiss mason ' s cheek . ` ` see you in a little while , mom . ' ' mason nodded and then he left her mother ' s embrace for her father ' s embrace , which made megan smile . mason was such a man ' s man sometimes . he loved sitting with her parents on the couch and watching tv . while it was amazing that he had so many female role models , she just hoped he ' hadn ' not lost too much of his mother ' s charm . as megan watched them disappear into the crowd of family and friends gathered in the small church , she surprised everyone by turning around and walking down the hall . at the first door on the right, she answered . ` ` it ' s me , megan . ' ' emma ' s best friend , casey , opened the door . ` ` well , if it ' s ' bout the fairy tale , ' ' she said with a smile . when megan stepped inside , casey wrapped her arms around her . megan had only met her a few times , but it was easy to like emma ' s warm and friendly personality . casey ' s long blonde hair was pulled back in a high ponytail , and she wore a bright red cocktail dress and heels . ` ` ' how ' s it going ? ' ' megan asked , looking from noah ' s diapered and na * * d body to emma . she was handing him a bottle and her naked body was wrapped in a towel . peeking out from the towel , she saw emma was wearing her favorite color , red . as noah sipped on his bottle , he wrapped a strand of emma ' s blonde hair around his finger . both mother and son were proud of emma wearing her hair red . emma shrugged . ` ` okay , i guess . i mean , i ' haven ' t had a lot of experience with babies . ' ' megan smiled and pointed to the towel and bottle . ` ` i '" you ' re taking all the proper precautions - nothing but teeth - marks on your face and his . ' ' with a smile , emma said , ` ` tell me about him . especially since his father is so rich . ' ' megan eyed the white marble font hanging on the front wall . she recognized it from photographs of aidan ' s family . he had inherited it , and now it was being passed down to his son .