` ` yeah , well , i have to go see about my next job . ' ' her heavily lined lips turned up into a smile . ` ` ` ` ' are you ever going to try to get a drink again ? ' ' god , he thought . in a moment of weakness when he was still reeling from what had happened with megan , he had allowed her to talk him into getting a drink after all . well , into hard liquor , and again she did the impossible . he had made out with her in his office under the neon glow of the bar ' s neon sign . well , making out ' didn ' t exactly cover up the fact that she had given him a blow job . although he had vowed to never let anything like that happen again , he found himself walking a fine line with her whenever they were at odds . ` ` um , yeah . sorry . i have been really busy . ' ' ` ` i hope that you ' ll catch up in time . i really , really want a night out with you tonight . ' ' stepping around him , kara did the same . she grabbed both of his butt cheeks . a gasp of surprise from him caused him to turn around . of all the people in the bar thatcould have been someone else , it had to be megan . pesh slowly stepped away from kara ' s embrace . megan ' s eyes widened at the two of them and she quickly backed away . with her head down , she walked toward them . the last thing in the world she wanted was for something to be awkward between them . without another word to kara , pesh turned and fell into step beside megan . ` ` what are you doing ? ' ' she asked . he shrugged . ` ` nothing . just messing with you . is that a problem ? ' ' glancing over her shoulder at kara , megan said , ` ` you looked like you were a little surprised back there . ' ' with a smirk , he added , ` ` the hug and the kiss were fine with me . ' ' megan glared back at him . ` ` why am i not surprised by that ? ' ' he eyed her suspiciously . ` ` ' what do you mean ? ' ' ` ` you are not the kind of man who likes public displays of affection . . . or i should say not . ' ' ` ` ' haven ' t we already established that you should ##n ' t try to seduce me ? ' ' don ' t buy into any of the romantic notionsyou have nothing to bury yourself in . ' ' ` ` there is one thing that you are permanently invested in , and that is being a gentleman when it comes to affection and sex . ' ' as much as he hated to admit it , she had a point about him being a gentleman . he touched her shoulder , forcing her to stand . ` ` yes , i am a gentleman , in public and private . now let me explain some of your problem . when i am committed to a woman and she is committed to me , there is never a time i would do public displays of affection or sex . ' ' megan ' s lips curved up into a smile . ` ` so what you ' re implying is you would never kiss your lover ' s ass in public ? ' ' ` ` yes , i would . ' ' looking around , he wanted them both out of anyone ' s way . ` ` when i am completely committed to a woman , i have trouble keeping my hands off her regardless of where we are . ' ' ` ` that ' s good to know , ' ' she said , with a smile . he could couldn ' t help the huge grin that crossed his face as she walked down the hall to meet up with kristi . she was making out with her, was he ' t kidding ? but megan had to be thinking how much she enjoyed spending time with him in the office and would eventually realize that she wanted more . his smile began to fade as he wondered if he was enjoying himself . with a deep breath , he made his way over to the front desk to sign off on the paperwork . he sat down on a stool and buried himself in the paperwork , wishing he ' didn ' t have to think about megan . ` ` alpesh ! ' ' a voice in the background shouted . he jerked his head up . without even looking over his shoulder , pesh knew who the voice belonged to . few people in his family called him by his first name , and no one in the family ever called him by his first name . slowly , he rose from his stool and turned around . his older brother , dev , walked toward him with a serious expression etched into his face . as the oldest of his three siblings , he had always felt a responsibility to look out for his younger brother and sister . while arjan and shveta had never given him any trouble , dev , as the youngest son of the family , had been a burden for both pesh and his siblings . from a teenage age and a difficult early childhoodhowever , he had managed to get his wild side under control when he turned twenty - one . dev had set his sights on a beautiful woman pesh had met when he was still a resident . mia martinelli had been through hell with her abusive husband , and pesh was reluctant to pair the two together . but at dev ' s strong urging , pesh paired the two of them up .