jerking his head away from her , pesh shouted , ` ` get the f * * king cart ! ' ' as one of the nurses stepped forward , the others pulled the cart from the room . megan stood there , completely confused as to what to do . when the cart arrived , pesh ripped off mary ' s tape . ` ` ' 260 ##0 . ' ' he snapped the tape together . ` ` now ! ' ' mary ' s body jerked against the gurney with the force of the blow . megan i don ' t want to look at the monitor . the tape is on a straight line . ` ` ' 360 degrees . ' ' megan closed her eyes when pesh administered the electric shock . ` ` dammit , megan , please don ' t do this ! not for me ! ' ' megan could couldn ' t hold back the sob that escaped her at pesh calling her by his dead wife ' s name . before pesh could administer the shock , one of the doctor ' s stepped forward . after he removed his gloves , he placed his hand on pesh ' s shoulder . ` ` ' time of death . ' ' reluctantly , pesh removed his hand . slowly , he stepped away from the gurney . the nurse took the phone from himand placed them back on the table . ` ` i ' ll go see the doctor , ' ' pesh said . the doctor shook his head and looked over at megan . ` ` get a nurse to do that . nadeen , you can take a look , too . ' ' ` ` they need to talk to the doctor who was with her when she died . ' ' ` ` you really don ' t have to do this . ' ' pesh got up from the table and headed for the elevator . megan knew there was no point in arguing with him or trying to get one of the doctors to take his advice . she didn ##n ' t know if she should try to talk to him or not . she made her decision when he turned to face her in the elevator . his face was completely serious . as the doors closed , her heart broke for him . she knew a physician had to treat a patient , especially a loved one , but this went far deeper than that . from his expression , megan knew that megan ' s death had hit a raw spot in pesh - one that for ten years had bled and ' never healed . ' he had lost his wife in childbirth , and once again , he was wasn ' t able to find her. after she had carried megan ' s body back inside to check on the nursing home , megan went in search of pesh . she could couldn ' t find him in any of the waiting rooms , nor was he in the doctors ' office or operating room . instead , she turned to kristi for help . ` ` did you see where dr . nadeen went ? ' ' kristi gave her a sad smile . ` ` you ' ll probably find him on the roof . ' ' megan ' s eyebrows shot up in surprise . ` ` the roof ? ' ' kristi nodded . ` ` whenever he has a really bad day with his work - ' ' she sucked in a breath when she realized she might have said too much . at the thought of pesh ' s pain , megan ' s heart tightened in sympathy . he was too good of a man to have to suffer like he did . ` ` ' he went up to the roof ? ' ' megan answered for kristi . ` ` he needed to be alone to clear his head . although neither of us would say anything , he always ended up working a lot to make up for the time he was missing . ' ' of course pesh would do something like that . he was miserable every day of his life, except for those of great importance . even though she knew he desperately needed and needed to be alone , megan wanted to check on him . she could couldn ' t stand the thought of him hurting so much . ` ` um , if that ' s okay , i think i ' ll go ahead and place my own order . ' ' kristi gave her a questioning look before answering . ` ` sure , honey . go right ahead . ' ' megan smiled , walking past kristi . she bypassed the dining room where her dinner was . instead , she kept walking . after a short walk down the hallway , she headed to the ' staff only elevator . she ' didn ' t normally use the elevator , where the patients were brought in from being treated . without thinking , megan swiped her key card . when the lock clicked , she pushed the door open and ran up the flight of stairs . she was relieved when she reached the top . still , her hand hovered over the door . she could couldn ' t help wondering what she would find on the other side . would pesh be an emotional wreck ? would he be upset that she had interrupted his family time ? shaking the thoughts from her head , she pushed open the door . when she stepped onto the landing ,the air was cooler . a breeze stirred her hair . her eyes darted around quickly until she spotted him . pesh stood at the edge of the water . his normally perfectly relaxed posture was gone , his broad shoulders drawn tight . although she could couldn ' t see his face , his gaze was focused straight up into the night sky . to add insult to injury , it blocked out the moon , leaving everything in darkness . curious , she walked over to him . ` ` hey , ' ' she said softly .