one minute she was getting ready for work , and the next she was gone . ' ' ` ` it ' s just that there was always pain , all the time she ' didn ' t know she was going to die . and i just ##uld ' t know what it must be like for the cancer . ' ' she nodded . ` ` when you wonder if every day is your last , when you have to think about what you ' re going to lose . ' ' ` ` yes , that is true , ' ' he said , in a low voice . when he finally turned to look at her , he gave her a sad smile . ` ` it ' s been ten years . every time i think i ' ve moved on , that i ' ve been able to rebuild my life , a thought comes up that brings me to my knees . ' ' ` ` i ' m so sorry , ' ' megan said , bringing her hand up to touch his cheek . he pressed his cheek into her palm . his head lowered until their noses touched . ` ` you need to know that no matter what happened to your mother , and to me , it really wasn ' t your fault . you just wasn ' t alive . you had to keep going . you ' re not. ' ' tilting her head back , she looked into his dark brown eyes . ` ` you ' re mine , ' ' she whispered . the rain began to fall harder . her lashes lowered to keep the rain out of her eyes as she stared down at him . his face was close to hers , his breath on her cheek . she could barely breathe at that moment . it felt like every cell in her body was charged with electricity . silently , she pleaded with her eyes for him to kiss her . and then , after what seemed like an eternity , he brushed his lips against hers . it wasn ' ' not the first time she had kissed him - it was just the first time she was alive and had kissed him . all her senses were heightened , and she could feel exactly what she was feeling . his kisses were soft and gentle at first , and then they changed over to passionate and hungry . it was like he was drinking her in with every brush of his lips and flick of his tongue as if to prove to himself that she really was alive . his tongue slid against hers , causing her to gasp . he brought his hands up to cup her face and her arms wrapped around his neck , pulling him closer to her . drops of rain hit her face and ran down herslowly , pesh ' s white shirt grew tighter as she ran her hands up and down his arms . she realized , in a sudden flash , that no one had ever kissed her like this before . this was just sex with their lips , and she never wanted it to end . when pesh finally pulled his lips from hers , megan ' s breath came in short gasps . her eyes lifted to look up at him . his expression changed from confusion to concern . he shook his head . ` ` i ' m sorry . ' ' ` ` pesh , you can ' t - ' ' he held up his hand . ` ` please , just go . ' ' he stepped away from her , wrapping his arms around his waist . stunned , megan ' didn ' t know if she should argue with him and stay or go . ` ` go , ' ' she whispered . with her heart still beating wildly from their heated lip - lock , she turned and left . as she walked back down the hall , her heart yo - yoed to where she felt like a balloon that had been squeezed too tight . before walking back out the door , kristi met her in the hallway . her eyes widened at megan ' s appearance . ` ` i , uh , i need to' my lunch break , and it was raining , ' ' megan said . ` ` next time you ' ll have to use your bathroom , ' ' kristi said . megan nodded . ` ` okay , i guess . ' ' ` ` well , don ' t you go to the laundry room ? there ' s a blow ##er under the sink . when you finish it off , i could always find you in the laundry room doing laundry . sounds like we could all run out of everything at once . ' ' ` ` okay . i can do that . ' ' as megan turned to head up the stairs , kristi reached out and grabbed her arm . ` ` is everything okay ? ' ' megan bit down on her lip to keep a nervous giggle from escaping . was pesh okay ? was she okay ? who the hell knew ? one minute he ' d been there for his wife and for a baby , and the next she ' d returned with tears pouring from her eyes . because of his emotional state , she ' d done the same . she had found herself wanting more of his kiss when she should . ' not . but it was wasn ' t just the kiss she wanted - she wanted more of him and not just for herself . ` ` megan , don 'probably not . i think he ' s just trying to avoid the past , the past and present , as best he can , ' ' she finally said . kristi nodded in agreement . when megan felt she was safe from any further questions , she headed down the hall to the dressing room . surprisingly , she found it empty . after grabbing a tissue from her purse , she headed to the bathroom to get the hair ##brush .