looking at her reflection in the mirror , she was a complete mess . she had completely passed out except for her lips . they were swollen and bright red from pesh ' s kisses . her tongue reached out to touch her bottom lip . as memories of his kisses flooded her mind , she tried not to think of anything else . in the end , she had climbed up to the roof to go find pesh , and instead , she had lost herself to him and his kisses . chapter 8 pesh aidan watched megan ' s retreating form . he cursed under his breath as she disappeared into the night . what was his problem ? the woman had been only teasing him , and he had allowed his emotions to take over . he had promised her he would keep his distance . instead of the light and playful conversation between them , he had kept it close . now she just felt rejected and rejected by him . she tried to talk to him about it , and he ' d ignored her . aidan paced across the rooftop as the sweat that had chilled him to the bone began to cool . his mind was a tangled mess of thoughts and emotions . his body screamed over and over that megan had asked him to kiss her - that the look in her eyes was theplease . " pesh knew that in his mind he had ignored the message she may or may not have been sending . in the end , he ' d made a bad situation even worse by not being able to control his feelings for megan . with a deep sigh , he realized he needed to make things right with her . he needed to apologize . with one last look out over the crowd , he finally turned and headed for the stairs . after climbing down , he scanned the room for any sign of megan . when he found kristi , he was surprised not to see megan with her . ` ` where ' s megan ? ' ' he asked . ` ` well , since we ' re so busy here , i told her to go hide in the storage room . we ' re working on cleaning and cooking . ' ' ` ` i know . ' ' kristi looked him up and down , shaking her head . ` ` you ' re late . ' ' ` ` it ' s cold out . ' ' ` ` so i ' ve heard , ' ' she said softly . ` ` what does that mean ? ' ' he asked . she waved her hand . ` ` nothing . why , don ' t you do us all a favor and just get out ofthose dirty sheets ? the last thing we need is you coming down with something . ' ' pesh knew it was useless to argue with her . instead , he tucked his tail between his legs and made his way to the nurses ' office . he grabbed a clean pair of jeans and shirt out of his closet . after he pulled on a clean white shirt , he walked down the hall to the linen closet . after grabbing his key card , he entered the room . when he closed the door behind him , megan turned around , looking up at him . now that he was in front of her , he ' didn ' t know quite what to say . he had been in an emotional state under the circumstances , and it had happened far too quickly . ` ` actually , i just wanted to say how very sorry i am for hurting you . ' ' ` ` no i ' m not , ' ' she said matter - of - factly . pesh ' s head snapped up in surprise . her reaction certainly wasn ' t what he was expecting at all . he had expected she would be angry or even upset , but he certainly hadn ' t expected that she would be upset . he cleared his throat . ` ` well , you should . 'you have done that . i was in an extremely vulnerable position , and you were just trying to protect me . nothing more . ' ' his words were more for his own benefit than hers . she shook her head . ` ` ' because i was kissing you , i ##n ' t that i really ##n ' t want you to kiss me . that i really do don ' t want to want you sexually . ' ' his brow furrowed in confusion . ` ` but you - ' ' ` ` pesh , i ' ve wanted you since the day of noah ' s ark . but you let me go then , and you still do . ' ' although his heart wanted to swell at her admission of wanting him , the truth of her words caused his chest to tighten again . ` ` no . you never wanted me sexually . ' ' ` ` exactly . ' ' he should have been happy that a beautiful , sexy woman like megan wanted him . but he ' s ' posed . most of the women in the world would be waiting for him to drag them to an empty men ' s room for a quick and dirty fuck . but that ' s not who he was . he had never been that good with women , and he just don ' t see how it could be .to her . all he wanted was for her to finally see him and how good it could be for her . how good they would be for each other . he knew that was what she was feeling in the moments before and after he kissed her . but now it seemed it was once again just sex . although it was all true , he could couldn ' t help putting everything out there once again . ` ` ` when we were together on the roof , there really wasn ' t a moment where you wanted more from me than just sex ? ' '