when they got back to the plane , she felt exhaustion starting to set in . leaning back against the seat , she closed her eyes as pesh went about getting them ready to take off . she only opened her eyes again when she felt them start moving down the runway . when they got into the plane , she could couldn ' t resist sitting on the edge of her seat and staring out the window at the city below . ` ` it ' s so beautiful in the air . ' ' ` ` ' i think i like flying at night . ' ' ` ` you do ? ' ' she nodded . ` ` for some reason , it feels much more exciting . there ' s a beauty to it as well . in the daylight , everything is beyond your # ##line . even in the dark , you have to rely on your senses and instincts . ' ' ` ` i ' d like to learn how to fly . ' ' ` ` you would ? ' ' she nodded . ` ` i ' ve always thought it would be something fun to do . ' ' ` ` ' i ' ll teach you . ' ' she turned to him in surprise . ` ` really ? ' ' ` ` sure . why not ? ' ' with a smile , she said , ` ` you' tis a good idea , and i just don ' t know how good a driver i would be . ' ' he smiled . ` ` for you i would make time . ' ' as she stared at him across the small cabin of the plane , she realized she was going to make some time for him as well . where that would take them , she could don ' t wait to see . chapter three as the sky - blue sky stretched out for miles and miles above her , megan could couldn ' t help feel the need to enjoy herself . she was sitting alone in pesh ' s seat during her long flight home . from the moment they had taken off , she had been overwhelmed by such a wonderful experience . he must ' ve said something about being in control of the plane as they flew down the runway and then took off into the sky . of course , she still really wasn ' t in complete control of the plane . pesh was going to take off at any moment from his position in the co - pilot ' s seat . that made her feel a little nervous . she had very little flying experience , and the book she had read at least once said don ' t fault you for everything . but as they flew over the city limits , she wasthey were both gripping the steering wheel , or hands as it was called in by aircraft pilots , as they sped through the sea of dark traffic . when pesh had first offered to give her flying lessons , megan had ##n ' t sure if she should believe him or not . looking back , she still wasn ' t sure if she had believed him . he was always a man of his word . and now , almost two weeks after their first night in vegas , they were already up in the air flying to atlanta on a friday night . it had been like a day worth of eating together for dinner and them picking up something on the way to her apartment . although , the first day back in atlanta was both exciting and awkward as they tried to act as if nothing had happened . but the fact was everything had changed , and it certainly wasn ' t just because they had become friends . as much as megan tried to ignore her growing feelings for pesh , it was nearly impossible . a man like him made it so easy for a woman not to fall in love with him , and as much as she did don ' t want to admit it , she could feel herself falling for him . of course , he was also full of surprises . like on monday when he had beenher to see if there was an electronic heart monitor in any of the other hospital rooms on the second floor . she had immediately gone to investigate . when she found the heart monitor , she also found him . the man she had never met was something of a sex slave when he opened the door and came with her behind the curtain . a mid - morning sex slave in an unfamiliar hospital room made for quite an ordeal , especially when the woman in the bed squealed , and they both slammed into the wall . but despite the whole ordeal , he ' d managed to cut off time with her and mason . later in the afternoon , pesh took mason to pilot his plane . megan had to smile at the image in her mind of mason on pesh ' s lap in the pilot ' s chair as he explained the ins and outs of the engines and controls . pesh had shown great patience with mason , always answering his questions and letting him use one of the radios . he ' d even asked the atc to send a message over the radio so he could understand . if this was going to be a pre - flight lesson for her , it was one for him as well . and to make it a lesson that neither she , nor pesh wouldinstead , they ' d gone to mcdonald ' s , so they could play on the weekends . the fact that pesh was so willing to do anything to make mason happy was really starting to crack megan ' s tough exterior against loving him . it really wasn ' t just the fact that pesh was so open with her that got her excited . when they talked , she felt more with him than she ever had with another man .