turning her head toward the hot tub , she thought about her conversation with kristi the night before . she hated to admit it , but she knew she had a decision to make . she either had to let go of pesh , or she had to make it work with him . they could ##n ' t . keep kissing and make up . . . or was he just making out ? with a deep sigh , she jumped into the tub , swirling the water around . closing her eyes , she tried to prepare her mind for how she really felt . no one had ever made her feel like this with pesh , and that could be felt both in and out of the bedroom . looking down at her garden shear , she knew it was time to get out of the house . she could sit here for hours and still not get the answers she so desperately wanted . after she dried off and wrapped herself in her terry cloth robe , she headed back into the bedroom . as she pulled on a clean pair of bikini bottoms and a t - shirt , she noticed it was unusually quiet in the living room . wondering what aidan and pesh could be doing , she walked out of the bedroom . the silence coming from her on the couch made herthroat tight with emotion . reaching down , she pulled her t - shirt over her head , trying to ease some of the pain that burned inside . with the strains of follow me close in the background , pesh lay on his back with mason on top of him . her son ' s head was tucked into pesh ' s chest , and he was sound asleep . they both were . pesh ' s head was tilted up , his face buried into the top of mason ' s hair . before she could lose herself to the emotions flowing through her , tears filled her eyes . in that moment , she allowed herself to believe that this was all her fault . she had a loving husband who loved her , and her husband was an loving and caring father . what more could she ask for in return ? in those moments of silence , she realized why she had been pushing pesh so hard for a while . besides her own happiness , there was nothing more in the world that she wanted than for him to be safe and happy . as she came slowly back to reality , she saw it clearly for the first time in a long time . pesh had been so worried about her that he ' d come out here to check on her . she 'she never found a man who cared about her that much , and no matter how hard she tried in the past , she was probably never going to find a man like pesh . there were so many things about him that she knew . . . and she loved . it made her want to get up in the morning , so she could see him at work . she found herself constantly checking her phone to see if she had a text from him . she loved spending time with him . but it was more than just the love that pesh had for her , that she felt for him - it was the fact that he cared so much about her too . they were a package deal for a life together , and she had always accepted that fact without question . on shaky legs , she walked over to the bed . as she looked between the two of them , she could couldn ' t resist reaching out her hand and gently touching pesh ' s cheek . he groaned at the contact . when his eyes fluttered open , she smiled at him . ` ` hey . ' ' his eyes darted around the room like he was trying desperately to remember where he was . when he looked up at her , relief washed over his face . ` ` sorry . i ' didn ' t want to fall asleep .' ' ` ` it ' s okay . i ' m sure you needed it . besides , you took too long in the shower . ' ' she smiled . ` ` i would say that you needed it as well . ' ' kneeling down , she placed her hand under mason ' s chin while the other went behind his head . she lifted him up and into her arms . when he stirred , she whispered , ` ` shh , he ' s going to put you to bed . ' ' ` ` night , night , pesh , ' ' she said softly . ` ` ' night , little brother , ' ' pesh murmured . once she had tucked him in and kissed his forehead , she closed his bedroom door and returned to the living room . pesh was slumped over on the back of one of the couch ##es , as if he was ready to leave as soon as she got home . ` ` is he asleep ? ' ' he asked . she nodded . ` ` out like a light the second i put him down . ' ' ` ` good . ' ' when he started to sit up , she pushed him back down onto the couch . sinking down onto his back , she wrapped her arms around his neck . he brought his hand up to trace small circlesshook her head . she ' didn ' t mind for a few minutes . instead , she just enjoyed being close to him , the feel of his hands on her , his hard , muscular body against her . ` ` thank you for coming over tonight . ' ' his eyebrows rose in surprise . ` ` are you sure ? i was afraid i was pushing my luck . ' '