he then turned and walked out of the room . pesh stole a glance at megan who seemed to be considering aidan ' s words . ` ` come on , we should get back in there before they tell anyone else , ' ' she finally said . with a nod , aidan took her hand and led her down the hall . when they got back to the dining room , everyone stared down at them . even though he knew he should shouldn ' t , pesh exclaimed , ` ` we ' re married ! ' ' he obviously don ' t have time to worry about megan ' s displeasure at him , because he knew she had heard it at the same time he had . hands went up from the table , and aidan was hugged and kissed by megan ' s mother . when megan ' s father , paul , stood before him , pesh felt like he ' d been kicked in the stomach . ` ` mr . mckenzie , i apologize . i had to come to you and ask for megan ' s blessing - to show it to you and your family . i ' m so sorry . ' ' paul shook his hand and smiled . ` ` please , don ' t apologize . i ' m just happy that she ' s found such a wonderful man who will be aa husband to her and a good father to her . ' ' ` ` i swear to you that i will . ' ' megan and patrick shook hands to seal the deal . in the absence of dessert , wine was served to everyone . at the head of the table , patrick held up his glass . ` ` to my sister and the good man , i make you an honorable marriage proposal . ' ` ` be with you and marry you . may you see your sister ' s face . may you be poor in life and rich in love . may you know nothing but happiness from this day forward . ' ' ' patrick winked . ` ` to megan and pesh . ' ' the others raised their glasses . as pesh sipped the # ##ness of the wine , he leaned over and kissed megan . he didn ##n ' t even answer the phone - calls and texts - he was too happy to care . chapter twenty - one standing in front of the large bathroom mirror , megan surveyed her surroundings . it was the first time she had hadn ' t been surrounded by pesh ' s mother , father , and brother since she had walked into the room an hour ago . when she had come to the formal wedding ceremony , she had hadn ' t even known what sheand get into . she thought it would also be a good idea to get their friends and family involved . she didn ##n ' t trust that pesh ' s family would ##n ' t do anything on a grand scale . without her knowledge , the grand ballroom of the grand carlton in manhattan had been transformed . when she had gone to look inside it , it had been transformed into something out of a hollywood movie . she had wanted to celebrate pesh ' s birthday by dressing up like a traditional indian princess bride would , so she had gone dress shopping with lavani and shveta . what she had didn ' t know on was how very expensive the dress would be . but as she looked at herself in the mirror , she was almost blinded by the glittering diamonds and pearls on the dark blue and gold fabric . the dress put even the blingiest miss universe pageant dress to shame . the back part was black , and it ended just below her br * * sts . while the front part appeared to be pure white , the back was covered with pearls and diamonds . the skirt , with its long hem , started just below her belly button and fell to the floor in the most beautiful of folds . it was like ... she wasseemed to be outside her mind - set , as was the rest of the world . instead , she wore a diamond jewelry belt that went over one of her breasts and down her stomach . ` while one of pesh ' s assistants had done her makeup , lavani and shveta did her hair . the dark waves were pulled back and tossed to the side in loose curls . a single white feather decorated the crown . all that was missing from her neck was the necklace that pesh ' s aunt had insisted that she wear . unfortunately , it was family property , and was in a safe at the bank . although the necklace and earrings had to go , her arms were already adorned with diamond earrings that lavani and shveta had pinned on her . they both had tears in their eyes when they arrived . ` ` you look absolutely beautiful , my dear , ' ' lavani whispered . megan smiled . ` ` thank you . and thank you so much for making this possible . ' ' lavani kissed her cheek . ` ` i look forward to the few special moments between you and my alpesh . i ' m happy that you made him so happy . it has been so long since i have seen the manin his eyes . and when you came into his life , you brought him that light . ' ' at lavani ' s words , megan felt tears fill her eyes . ` ` thank you , ' ' she whispered . when she felt like she could speak without crying , she clasped her hands together as if she were praying and then bowed her head as was the sign of respect in pesh ' s world . ` ` i want you to know that , pesh , i live in him , too . he has been my friend as well . i can promise you that i will spend the rest of my life loving him and making him proud .