he offered an amused smile as he held his wine glass in hand . ` ` orgasmically speaking , ' ' she said . he chuckled . ` ` i ' m glad you ' re having them . ' ' ` ` i ' m going to lose ten pounds while we ' re here , ' ' she said . as she wiped her mouth with her napkin , she sighed with sheer relief . looking around the beautiful french hotel , she resisted the urge to hug herself . was she really in paris on her honeymoon ? when pesh had asked her where she wanted to go , there was only one answer . although paris was not unusual for a honeymoon destination , she had always wanted to see the city . and because she was with a man who wanted to marry her , pesh had booked them for a week ' s stay at the hotel belle athenee . not only had he chosen the hotel for its beautiful view of the water tower , but it was also where carrie bradshaw stayed when she was in paris . it seemed pesh had inherited megan ' s love for paris and the city . their first night in the city had been spent in their hotel room . a night of jetlag and exhaustion had left them na * * d andno furniture , but room for room service and coffee . somehow they had pulled themselves away from the hotel to go home . ` ` are you ready to go back to the city ? ' ' pesh asked . ` ` yes . ' ' with a shy smile , she asked , ` ` are you tired and want to rest ? ' ' desire flickered in pesh ' s dark eyes . ` ` no , i really don ' t want to rest . i want you to wear what you wore this morning . ' ' her eyes left his to drift down to the red and black shoes at her feet . most of their conversation had turned into shopping , during which she bought some very nice clothes . although she was enjoying her time out in the city , she was still eager to put on the clothes and get back in bed with pesh . ` ` ' let ' s go , ' ' she said . pesh obviously didn ' ' t need any more prompting . reaching into his pocket , he pulled out his wallet and tossed a couple of twenties on the nightstand . then he jumped out of bed like a jack - in - the - box . she wanted to pick up her bag and run to catch up with him . she wasout the door and into the garden . as she watched the beautiful roses in bloom outside the window , they took her back to her childhood . it had been a beautiful , perfect day when she stood with pesh in the rose garden at her mother ' s house . to her , he had never looked more handsome than in his black suit that fit his tall frame like a second skin . since she was the head of wedding planning , megan had enlisted emma ' s help in getting the wedding party organized . even with aunt caroline to attend to , emma had gone above and beyond any expectations megan had . tears had filled her eyes when she first caught sight of the ceremony as she , holding her father ' s hand , made her way from the house to the chapel . white chairs covered with white flower petals lined the aisle in rows . a tent had been pitched to the left of the white altar . next to the tent , white candles lit the way down the aisle that was covered with white rose petals . emma , casey , and three of her best friends from school stood at the altar in their beautiful white wedding dresses . pesh , along with his mother and aidan , wore white ribbons with their hats . a string quartet struck .the wedding was to announce her engagement . she would never , ever forget the feeling of walking down the aisle to pesh . his blue eyes took her in , and she felt like the princess she had always wanted to be on her wedding day . her dress looked exactly like what a real princess would wear - a full skirt , a white wedding gown , a crown decorated with diamonds and pearls , and even a white ribbon holding her veil in place . the whole world seemed to stop when pesh took her hand in his . he was her sole anchor . she barely heard the words the woman said or the words of the song that emma sang . she just stared at her soon - to - be husband - the man who made her believe in life and in love . she was so lost in thoughts of her wedding day that she nearly ran into a tree . ` ` excuse me , ' ' she said . the woman glared at her before cursing at megan in french . again , megan assumed she was english since she obviously didn ' t speak english . ` ` where is that mind of yours ? ' ' pesh asked , with a smile . ` ` thoughts of our wedding day , ' ' she replied . his smile grew wider .her turn , and in the middle of the busy street , he began to kiss her . although it was somewhat rushed and devoid of more emotion than before , it did hold the promise of what was to come later on . he ended it much earlier than she would expect . ` ` let ' s go , ' ' he said . she nodded before breaking into a full sprint towards the hotel . he followed her closely . by the time they stepped through the revolving doors into the lobby , they were both breathless .