like two little kids , they ran to the elevator . once inside , they wrapped their arms around each other and kissed desperately until the doors slid shut . they broke apart long enough to run up the stairs and into their suite . when the door closed behind them , pesh pulled her to him , planting a soft kiss on her lips . as he explored her mouth , his tongue slipped out to stroke over hers . when she felt his warm desire settle into her body , she broke the kiss . at his expression , she shook her head . ` ` not yet . i need to get dressed . ' ' ` ` no time , ' ' he said . pulling out of his arms , she smiled up at him . ` ` i ' ll be back in just a minute . you get dressed . ' ' ` ` oh , i ' ll be fine . that ' s a promise . ' ' she nodded and then practically ran into the bathroom . after she shut and locked the door , she set the clothes aside and went upstairs . after she decided what to wear , she laid them out on the bed , and then began stripping off her clothes . when she was done , she reached for the robe . the silk material was all white with gold embroidery that matchedespecially the spaghetti straps . they pushed her br * * sts up and over the top , making her appear to have far more cle * * age than she was comfortable with . the black and white panties were thin and nearly see through . on her feet , she had on silk stockings that had matching straps to the tops of her thighs . as she brushed out her hair , she could don ' t stop looking in the mirror . she looked like the queen , which she hoped pleased pesh . hell , she hoped it would please pesh . the man was perfect for her , something for which she was very grateful . not exactly the social hostess she had been when she first met him , that was for sure . megan opened the bathroom door . across the room , pesh was staring out the window , stripping down to his boxer briefs . when she cleared her throat , he turned his head to look at her . slowly , she walked out of the bathroom . her eyes focused on him . a shiver ran through her as he watched her every move . when she finally stood before him , it took less than a second for him to turn on her . his hands grabbed her around the waist , pulling her back against him . his mouth came down on hers in afrantic now , she guided his c * * k to her lips . breathless , she pulled back to look up at him . ` ` does this mean you do the shopping ? ' ' ` ` oh , yes , i do . i think we ' re going to have to go back and show you some more . ' ' she giggled . ` ` ' shopping ? you wo ##n ' t make me say no to that . ' ' leaning down , pesh slid his hands under her waist and gently lifted her up . she felt so light in his arms as he carried her over to the bed and gently placed her on the edge . as he hovered over her , her heart sped up in anticipation the incredible pleasure she was about to experience . tugging at the edge of the sheet , he cupped her br * * sts . his mouth closed over her nipple , blowing hot air onto the sensitive skin . it hardened under his mouth as his tongue darted out and licked it . ` ` mmm , ' ' she moaned , her fingers tangled in his hair . tracing lazy circles around her nipple , pesh continued his sensual kiss . arching her back , she gripped the back of his head tightly , expecting him to take her breast in his hot mouth . instead , he pulledher , taking the other nipple into his mouth . though he paid no attention to one breast , his hand found and caressed the other . as the heat and desire gathered in her core , megan began moving her hips back and forth . the movement scared her a little , but she wanted pesh ' s hands , mouth , and lips , more than anything . lifting the hem of her dress , he moved down her body . just as he reached the apex of her legs , he released it and began kissing and licking the sensitive skin of her inner thigh . she moaned in pleasure . he looked down at her with a wicked smile . ` ` do you want me to take you somewhere else ? ' ' raising her eyebrows , she asked , ` ` you are where i want you - where i want all of you . ' ' ` ` yes , my love . ' ' ` ` ` yeah ? ' ' she laughed . with one swift move , she was out from under him in a flash . surprise filled his eyes as she flipped him over onto his back and kissed him hard again . running her nails down his back , she stopped just above the waistband of his jeans . when his breath caught , her hands moved to his chest , leaving a trailfrom the bare skin to his groin . his h * ps shot up , causing her to gasp . ` ` oh , do you want me to take you somewhere else ? ' ' with a growl , he grabbed her by the hips and lifted her onto her feet . she slid down the bed to where her ass was rubbing against his cock .