Moro River Campaign is the part of of Italian Campaign.
Moro River Campaign involves British Eighth Army.
Moro River Campaign opposes Ii Panzer Corps.
Moro River Campaign opposes German 10Th Army.
Moro River Campaign plans General Sir Harold Alexander.
Moro River Campaign intends Gustav Line.
Moro River Campaign intends Pescara.
Moro River Campaign focuss Orsogna.
Moro River Campaign participates Canadian Forces.
Moro River Campaign participates Australian Forces.
Moro River Campaign participates New Zealand Forces.
Moro River Campaign participates Armoured Brigade.
Moro River Campaign participates V Corps.
Moro River Campaign participates Xiii Corps.
Moro River Campaign plans German Winter Line.
Moro River Campaign is the under of Bernard Montgomery.
Moro River Campaign crosss Bifurno River.
Moro River Campaign is the drove german defenders from of Volturno-Viktor Line.
Moro River Campaign attacks Trigno River.
Moro River Campaign is the fought against of German Forces.
Moro River Campaign opposes Generalfeldmarschall Albert Kesselring.
Moro River Campaign crosss Winter Line.
Moro River Campaign is the along of Route 9.
Moro River Campaign plans Ortona.
Moro River Campaign replaces 2Nd Canadian Infantry Division.
Moro River Campaign leads Major General Chris Vokes.
Moro River Campaign is the under xiii corps of British 5Th Infantry Division.
Moro River Campaign attacks German Defences.
Moro River Campaign opposes German 1St Parachute Division.
Moro River Campaign commands Brigadier General Richard Heidrich.
Moro River Campaign opposes 90Th Panzergrenadier Division.
Moro River Campaign commands Major General Carl-Hans Lungershausen.
Moro River Campaign commands Colonel Ernst-Gunther Baade.
Moro River Campaign opposes 26Th Panzer Division.
Moro River Campaign commands Brigadier General Friedrich Freiherr Von Luttwitz.
Moro River Campaign is the in of Ii Corps.
Moro River Campaign is the part of ii corps of 65Th Division.
Moro River Campaign commands Brigadier General Hellmuth Pfeifer.
Moro River Campaign supports 1St Battalion.
Moro River Campaign supports 5Th Mountain Division.
Moro River Campaign commands Major General Julius Ringel.
Moro River Campaign attacks Villa Rogatti.
Moro River Campaign assigns Princess Patricia'S Canadian Light Infantry.
Moro River Campaign commands Lieutenant Major Cameron Bethel.
Moro River Campaign is the opposed princess patricia 's canadian light infantry at villa rogatti of 27Th Panzergrenadier Regiment.
Moro River Campaign is the opposed princess patricia 's canadian light infantry at villa rogatti of 361St Panzergrenadier Regiment.
Moro River Campaign is the supported german forces at villa rogatti of 26Th Tank Regiment.
Moro River Campaign attacks San Leonardo.
Moro River Campaign attacks Seaforth Highlanders Of Italy.
Moro River Campaign attacks Hastings And Prince Edward Regiment.
Moro River Campaign crosss Royal Canadian Regiment.
Moro River Campaign supports Saskatoon Light Infantry.
Moro River Campaign constructs Royal Canadian Engineers.
Moro River Campaign transports 7Th Armoured Regiment.
Moro River Campaign is the nearby san leonardo of Sterlen Castle.
Moro River Campaign links 48Th Battalion.
Xiii Corps is the commander of General Dempsey.
Xiii Corps attacks British 5Th Infantry Division.
British 5Th Infantry Division is the objective of Arielli Line.
British 5Th Infantry Division is the target of 2Nd New Zealand Division.
Xiii Corps reports Bernard Freyberg.
Bernard Freyberg acknowledges 4Th Panzer Division.
1St Parachute Brigade is the part of of British 1St Parachute Division.
1St Parachute Brigade attacks Ortona.
Paratroop Engineers is the destroyed of Ortona.
Demolition Men is the destroyed of Ortona.
Loyal Edmonton Regiment moves Ortona.
Seaforth Highlanders covers Loyal Edmonton Regiment.
Loyal Edmonton Regiment captures Ortona.
D Company launchs Ortona.
Bernard Freyberg acknowledges 4Th Panzer Division.
Canadian Forces captures Ortona.
Eighth Army reports General Alexander.
Eighth Army is the probed toward of V Corps.
V Corps is the advanced toward of Pescara.
General Alexander recommends Eighth Army.
General Alexander orders Eighth Army.
Eighth Army protects Lxxvi Panzer Corps.
Eighth Army prevents Kesselring.
Kesselring reinforces Xiv Panzer Corps.
Kesselring reinforces General Clark.
General Clark is the commander of U.S. Fifth Army.
Eighth Army attempts Liri Valley.
Eighth Army is the concentrated forces of Cassino.
Eighth Army is the striking forces of Cassino.
Eighth Army combines Cassino.
Eighth Army captures Rome.