John Milton is the friend of Charles Armitage Brown.
John Milton lives James.
Keats is the family of Fanny Keats.
Keats is the friend of Charles Armitage Brown.
Keats is the friend of William Haydon.
William Haydon is the friend of James.
William Haydon is the friend of Richard Woodhouse.
William Haydon is the friend of William Elmes.
Henry Jackson Taylor is the friend of James.
Ode To A Nightingale is the features of Narrator.
Ode To A Nightingale is the features of Nightingale.
Narrator is the desires to connect of Nightingale.
Narrator is the uses sense of hearing of Nightingale.
Nightingale is the creates of Illusion.
Nightingale is the characteristics of Distant And Mysterious.
Nightingale is the event of Disappears.
Mirror is the emphasizes of Nightingale.
Pleasure is the leads to of Pain.
Poetry uses Pleasure.
Poetry is the distracts from desire of Pleasure.
Albert Guerard, Jr. is the interprets theme as desire for free will of Poem.
John Perkins is the interprets theme of death of Poem.
Claude Finney is the describes theme of memory by association of Poem.
Earl Wasserman is the analyzes theme of turbulence of Poem.
Robert Bridges is the critiques language usage of Poem.
William C Wilkinson is the compares to other odes of Poem.
H. H. Garrod is the views as superior to other odes of Poem.
Maurice Chevalier is the comments on imagination in stanza of Poem.
F. R. Leavis is the describes as indulgence of Poem.
Cleanth Brooks is the describes as difficult poem of Poem.
Robert Penn Warren is the describes as difficult poem of Poem.
Richard Fogle is the responds to criticisms of Poem.
E. J. Pettet praises Poem.
Shakespeare writes Poems.
John Perkins defends Poems.
Walter Russell Bate defends Poems.
John Gittins comments Poems.
Harold Bloom criticizes Poems.
Leslie Brisman criticizes Poems.
Paul Goodman criticizes Poems.
John Murray criticizes Poems.
David Chase criticizes Poems.
A. S. White criticizes Poems.
Stuart Spiegelman criticizes Poems.
Jonathan Bate is the claimed of Poems.
David Sperry is the described of Poems.
Neil Hirst is the described of Poems.
Barbara Vendler is the described of Poems.
James O'Rouke reviews Poems.
Andrew Motion comments Poems.
F. Scott Fitzgerald mentions Poems.
Ildiko-Papp Carrington is the echoed in of Poems.
Alice Munro is the echoed in of Poems.
P. G. Wodehouse quotes Poems.