Frank Slide occurs Ghost Town Of Frank.
Frank Slide occurs Alberta.
Frank Slide occurs Northwest Territories.
Frank Slide is the location of slide of Turtle Mountain.
Frank Slide destroys Canadian Pacific Railway.
Frank Slide destroys Coal Mine.
Ghost Town Of Frank locates Crowsnest Pass.
Ghost Town Of Frank is the currently part of of Saskatchewan.
Ghost Town Of Frank is the home to of Arts Centre.
Frank Slide is the material of slide of Limestone Rock.
Residents is the victims of slide of Frank Slide.
Miners involves Frank Slide.
Colonel William Haultain is the ordered evacuation of town of Frank Slide.
Charlie The Horse survives Frank Slide.
Geologists conducts Frank Slide.
Blackfoot refuses Turtle Mountain.
Bank is the origin of of Frank Treasure Legend.
Crews is the operation on of Road.
Road is the passes through of Pass.
Pass guards Crews.
Survivors includes Infant Girl.
Infant Girl nicknames Frankie Slide.
Frankie Slide is the story told by of Survivors.
Frankie Slide bases Infant Girl.
Frankie Slide is the story based on of Marion Leitch.
Marion Leitch survives Sisters.
Marion Leitch survives Parents.
Marion Leitch survives Brothers.
Marion Leitch is the story based on of Survivors.
Local Residents survives Gladys Ennis.
Gladys Ennis survives Local Residents.
Gladys Ennis belongs Last Survivor.
Last Survivor belongs Gladys Ennis.
Gladys Ennis occurs Died In 1995.
Survivors includes Three Men.
Three Men escapes Cave Under Turtle Mountain.
Ed Mccurdy is the song about of Frankie Slide.
Stompin ' Tom Jones is the song about of How The Mountain Came Down.
Band The Advantage is the song about of Frank , Ab.
Frank Slide is the inspiration for of Basis Of Several Songs.
Frank Slide is the inspiration for of Basis Of Several Stories.
Curious Tourists visits Site Of The Slide.
Site Of The Slide visits Curious Tourists.
Site Of The Slide is the becomes of Tourist Attraction.
Tourist Attraction is the due to of Proximity To Crowsnest Highway.
Province is the built of Roadside Turnout.
Roadside Turnout builds Province.
Town Residents is the campaign for of Slide.
Slide designates National Historic Site.
Slide designates Provincial Historic Site Of Alberta.
Slide designates Restricted Development Zone.
Restricted Development Zone is the affects of Prevents Alteration Of The Site.
Commemorative Plaque occurs Erected.
Slide is the location of of Frank Slide Visitor Centre.
Frank Slide Visitor Centre is the view of of Mountain.
Frank Slide Visitor Centre occurs Opened In 1985.
Frank Slide Visitor Centre includes Museum.
Frank Slide Visitor Centre includes Bus Stop.
Museum occurs Document.
Bus Stop occurs Document.
Document is the about of Coal Mining History.
Site Of The Slide is the attracts of Tourist Visitors.
Tourist Visitors occurs Over 1 @ , @ 000 Annually.
Frank results Recovered From The Slide.
Frank reachs Peak Population Of 1 @ , @ 000.
Slide results Closure.
Closure results Longstanding Decline In Population.
Frank results Ceased To Be An Incorporated Community.
Incorporated Community results Amalgamated Into Town Of Crowsnest Pass.
Town Of Crowsnest Pass results Amalgamated With Blairmore.
Town Of Crowsnest Pass results Amalgamated With Coleman.
Town Of Crowsnest Pass results Amalgamated With Hillcrest.
Town Of Crowsnest Pass results Amalgamated With Bellevue.
Frank results Home To Over 200 Residents.