Aston Villa F.C. is the home ground of Villa Park.
Aston Villa F.C. is the previous owner of David Lerner.
Aston Villa F.C. is the current owner of Recon Holdings.
Aston Villa F.C. is the current owner of Dr. Tony Jiantong Xia.
Aston Villa F.C. is the founder of William Mcgregor.
Aston Villa F.C. is the founder of Thomas Hughes.
Aston Villa F.C. is the founder of Frederick Smith.
Aston Villa F.C. is the founder of Walter Smith.
Aston Villa F.C. is the captain of George Ramsay.
Aston Villa F.C. is the captain of Archie Ramsay.
Aston Villa F.C. is the player of Harry Bates.
Aston Villa F.C. is the manager of Alex Massie.
Aston Villa F.C. is the player of Eric Gregory.
Aston Villa F.C. is the manager of Joe Mercer.
Aston Villa F.C. is the manager of Graham Taylor.
Aston Villa F.C. is the manager of Tommy Cummings.
Aston Villa F.C. is the new owner of John Kenny.
Aston Villa F.C. is the previous owner of Doug Ellis.
Aston Villa F.C. is the manager of Vic Crowe.
Aston Villa F.C. is the manager of Ron Saunders.
Aston Villa F.C. is the manager of Tony Barton.
Aston Villa F.C. is the player of John Withe.
Aston Villa F.C. is the chairman of Martin O'Leary.
Aston Villa F.C. is the new owner of Randy Lerner.
Aston Villa F.C. is the manager of Martin O'Neill.
Aston Villa F.C. is the manager of Paul Lambert.
Aston Villa F.C. is the manager of Tim Howard.
Aston Villa F.C. is the manager of Remi Garde.
Aston Villa F.C. is the manager of Roberto Di Matteo.
Aston Villa F.C. is the design consultant of David Webb.
Ellis is the majority shareholder of Aston Villa Plc.
Ellis is the chairman of Aston Villa Plc.
Ellis is the chairman emeritus of Aston Villa Plc.
Aston Villa Plc is the redevelopment location of Bodymoor.
John Lerner is the chairman of Villa Park.
Martin O'Neill is the chairman of Villa Park.
Gareth Barry is the attendee of Villa Park.
Dennis Mortimer is the attendee of Villa Park.
Randy Lerner is the chairman of Villa Park.
Randy Lerner is the majority shareholder of Aston Villa Plc.
Randy Lerner is the previous owner of Recon Group.
Xia Jiantong is the owner of Recon Group.
Aston Villa Plc is the donation recipient of Acorns Children'S Hospice Charity.
Richard Smith is the chief executive of Aston Villa Plc.
Randy Brown is the owner of Aston Villa Plc.
Doug Ellis is the majority shareholder of Aston Villa Plc.
Alex Mcleish is the signing protested of Aston Villa Plc.
Archie Hunter is the record holder of Aston Villa Plc.
John Withe is the european cup winning goal scorer of Aston Villa Plc.
Danny Blanchflower is the pfa player of the year of Aston Villa Plc.
Trevor Ford is the pfa player of the year of Aston Villa Plc.
Archie Smith is the pfa player of the year of Aston Villa Plc.
Sam Mercer is the pfa player of the year of Aston Villa Plc.
Paul Mcgrath is the pfa player of the year of Aston Villa Plc.
Peter Schmeichel is the pfa player of the year of Aston Villa Plc.
Clem Brown is the pfa player of the year of Aston Villa Plc.
Andy Gray is the pfa player of the year of Aston Villa Plc.
David Platt is the pfa player of the year of Aston Villa Plc.
Gary Speed is the pfa player of the year of Aston Villa Plc.
Ashley Cole is the pfa player of the year of Aston Villa Plc.
James Milner is the pfa player of the year of Aston Villa Plc.
Stiliyan Petrov is the hall of fame inductee of Aston Villa Plc.
Jozef Venglos is the manager of Aston Villa Plc.