Elgin Cathedral dedicates Holy Trinity.
King Alexander Ii grants Burgh Of Elgin.
King Alexander Ii is the close to of River Lossie.
Spynie replaces Elgin Cathedral.
Alexander Stewart attacks Elgin Cathedral.
Alexander Stewart knows Wolf Of Badenoch.
Scottish Reformation closes Elgin Cathedral.
Scottish Reformation transfers St Giles.
William Of Fordun records Elgin Cathedral.
Alexander Iii spars Elgin Cathedral.
John Bur requests Elgin Cathedral.
Thomas Dunbar provides John Bur.
Robert Stewart frustrates John Bur.
Bruce seeks John Bur.
John Innes contributes Elgin Cathedral.
Andrew Stewart is the major restructuring of Elgin Cathedral.
Lincoln Cathedral bases Elgin Cathedral.
Bricius De Douglas fixs Spynie.
Pope Innocent Iii authorizes Bricius De Douglas.
David I issues Richard Of Elgin.
Gregory is the first known prelate of Richard Of Elgin.
Andreas De Moravia directs Elgin Cathedral.
Gilbert De Moravia is the consecration ceremony of Elgin Cathedral.
Robert considers Elgin Cathedral.
John is the consecration ceremony of Elgin Cathedral.
John De Dunbar completes Elgin Cathedral.
John Of Gaunt is the tomb located in north aisle of Elgin Cathedral.
John Of Pilmuir is the provided income for canons of Elgin Cathedral.
Thomas Randolph is the support of clergy from of John Of Pilmuir.
St George The Martyr locates North Transept.
St George The Martyr staffs Canons.
St George The Martyr is the other chapel mentioned is of Holy Trinity.
St George The Martyr is the other chapel mentioned is of St Andrew.
St George The Martyr is the other chapel mentioned is of St Duthac.
St George The Martyr is the other chapel mentioned is of St Lawrence.
St George The Martyr is the other chapel mentioned is of St Mary Magdalene.
St George The Martyr is the other chapel mentioned is of St Mary The Virgin.
St George The Martyr is the other chapel mentioned is of St Andrew.
Bishop Bur is the time of episcopate had of Canons.
Bishop Bur is the two vicars at time of Vicars.
Bishop Bur is the about the same number of priests of Priests.
Dean Of Elgin is the permanently in charge of of Canons.
Precentor is the available for half the time to of Canons.
Chancellor is the available for half the time to of Canons.
Treasurer is the available for half the time to of Canons.
Master John The Mason mentions Cathedral.
Master Richard The Glazier mentions Cathedral.
Provost is the responsible for building his own of Manse.
Edward I Of England stays Castle Of Duffus.
James Ii stays Castle Of Duffus.
James I gives Hospital Of Maison Dieu.
John Taylor describes Elgin Cathedral.
Gilbert Ross orders General Assembly.
Oliver Cromwell causes Great East Window.
Samuel Johnson writes Elgin Cathedral.
John Shanks appoints Elgin Cathedral.
John Forsyth assists John Shanks.
Robert Reid provides Chapterhouse.
Elgin Cathedral associates Alexander Stewart.
Elgin Cathedral associates Robert Stewart.
Elgin Cathedral associates Bishop Columba Dunbar.
Elgin Cathedral associates Bishop Andrew Stewart.
Elgin Cathedral associates King James Ii.
Elgin Cathedral associates Earl Of Huntly.
Elgin Cathedral burys Andreas De Moravia.
Elgin Cathedral burys David De Dunbar.
Elgin Cathedral burys William De Spynie.
Elgin Cathedral burys Alexander Gordon.
Elgin Cathedral is the bishop of moray of Columba De Dunbar.