Devin Townsend bears May 5, 1972.
Devin Townsend is the nationality of Canadian.
Devin Townsend haves Musician.
Devin Townsend haves Songwriter.
Devin Townsend haves Record Producer.
Devin Townsend haves Founder.
Devin Townsend haves Bassist.
Devin Townsend haves Vocalist.
Devin Townsend haves Guitarist.
Devin Townsend collaborates Steve Vai.
Devin Townsend founds Strapping Young Lad.
Devin Townsend founds Hevydevy Records.
Devin Townsend is the music genre of Hard Rock.
Devin Townsend is the music genre of Progressive Metal.
Devin Townsend is the music genre of Ambient.
Devin Townsend is the music genre of New Age.
Devin Townsend is the similar to of Phil Spector.
Devin Townsend is the similar to of Frank Zappa.
Devin Townsend bears New Westminster.
Devin Townsend bears British Columbia.
Devin Townsend is the friend of Brian 'Beav' Waddell.
Devin Townsend founds Crimson Skies.
Devin Townsend joins Black Passion.
Devin Townsend collaborates Jason Newsted.
Devin Townsend collaborates Jed Sparks.
Devin Townsend collaborates Byron Stroud.
Devin Townsend signs Relativity Records.
Devin Townsend signs Century Media Records.
Devin Townsend collaborates Front Line Assembly.
Devin Townsend provides Monster.
Devin Townsend provides Hard Wired.
Devin Townsend records The Bruster - Townsend And Phonics.
Devin Townsend collaborates Gene Hoglan.
Devin Townsend records Ocean Machine: Biomech.
Devin Townsend diagnoses Bipolar Disorder.
Devin Townsend records Infinity.
Devin Townsend records Physicist.
Devin Townsend collaborates Craig Mcfarland.
Devin Townsend collaborates Jamie Meyer.
Devin Townsend records Terria.
Devin Townsend founds The Devin Townsend Band.
Devin Townsend collaborates Mike Smith.
Devin Townsend collaborates Ryan Van Poederooyen.
Devin Townsend collaborates Dave Young.
Devin Townsend records Accelerated Evolution.
Devin Townsend records Alien.
Devin Townsend releases Synchestra.
Devin Townsend releases Ziltoid The Omniscient.
Devin Townsend works Alien.
Devin Townsend releases The End.
Devin Townsend releases Ziltoid The Alien.
Devin Townsend releases Casualties Of Cool.
Devin Townsend releases Z².
Devin Townsend releases Epicloud.
Devin Townsend records True Love.
Devin Townsend records Steve Vai.
Devin Townsend marrys Sarah Turner.
Sarah Turner is the parent of of Reyner Liam Johnstan Townsend.
Townsend changes The Burning Sun.
Townsend changes On The Run.
Townsend influences King ' S X.
Townsend influences Jane ' S Addiction.
City influences Ministry.
City influences Cop Shoot Cop.
City influences Meshuggah.
City influences Metallica.
Townsend influences John Williams.
Townsend influences Trevor Jones.
Townsend influences Igor Ivanov.