Markgraf serves Imperial German Navy.
Markgraf takes World War I.
Markgraf names Royal House Of Baden.
Markgraf builds Ag Vulcan Shipyard.
Markgraf christens Frederick Ii, Grand Duke Of Baden.
Markgraf orders Vice Admiral Ludwig Von Reuter.
Markgraf removes Admiral Friedrich Von Ingenohl.
Markgraf replaces Admiral Hugo Von Pohl.
Markgraf is the commander of fleet of Rear Admiral Reinhard Scheer.
Kurfurst identifys Markgraf.
Kurfurst forces Markgraf.
British Ships forces British Destroyers.
Markgraf punchs British Light Forces.
Markgraf reachs Horns Reef.
Markgraf reachs Wilhelmshaven.
Markgraf transfers Hamburg.
Hamburg repairs Ag Vulcan'S Hamburg Dry Dock.
Markgraf fires Main Battery.
Markgraf fires 15 Cm Guns.
Markgraf kills Men.
Markgraf gos Baltic.
Markgraf is the temporarily assigned to for autumn maneuvers of I Scouting Group.
Seydlitz incurs Jutland.
Derfflinger incurs Jutland.
Von Der Tann participates Operation.
Moltke is the flagship for joint operation of Operation.
Bayern accompanys Operation.
Kurfurst accompanys Operation.
Kaiser-Class Battleships is the part of iv squadron for joint operation of Operation.
Markgraf participates Operation.
Markgraf fires Tagga Bay.
Markgraf returns Putziger Wiek.
Markgraf rejoins Gulf Of Riga.
Markgraf is the ran aground at entrance to of Kalkgrund.
Markgraf returns Moon Sound.
Markgraf participates Island Of Kyno.
Arensburg returns Markgraf.
Markgraf detachs North Sea.
Irben Strait is the struck mines and sank in 260 metric tons of water of Markgraf.
Kiel repairs Markgraf.
Markgraf returns Guard Duty.
Markgraf survives British Convoy.
Kiel is the in port for installation of new foremast of Markgraf.
Markgraf takes Major Naval Action.
Wilhelmshaven sortieds High Seas Fleet.
Wilhelmshaven intends British Grand Fleet.
Wilhelmshaven attempts Armistice.
Kaiser informs Allies.
Kaiser declares Kaiser.
Ludwig Von Reuter commands German Fleet.
Adolf Von Trotha instructs Von Reuter.
German Fleet interns Scapa Flow.
Markgraf is the sank at 11:45 on 21 june of Scapa Flow.
Guard Boats attempts Markgraf.
Guard Boats kills Walter Schmidt.
Guard Boats kills Markgraf.
Markgraf is the fate of Sold For Scrap.
Markgraf is the source of of Low-Background Radiation.