Saprang Kalayanamitr is the general of Royal Thai Army.
Saprang Kalayanamitr is the assistant secretary of Ministry For National Security.
Saprang Kalayanamitr is the head of Junta.
Saprang Kalayanamitr is the chairman of Board Of Directors Of Airports Of Thailand (Aot).
Saprang Kalayanamitr is the chairman of Tot Telecom.
Saprang Kalayanamitr is the chairman of Cat Telecom.
Saprang Kalayanamitr is the graduate of Armed Forces Academies Preparatory School.
Saprang Kalayanamitr is the graduate of Chulachomklao Royal Military Academy.
Saprang Kalayanamitr is the criticism of Thaksin Shinawatra.
Saprang Kalayanamitr is the classmate of General Paisan Katanyu.
Saprang Kalayanamitr is the classmate of General Bannawit Kengrien.
Saprang Kalayanamitr is the classmate of General Lertrat Rattavanich.
Saprang Kalayanamitr is the graduate of National Defence University Of Thailand.
Saprang Kalayanamitr is the classmate of Kraisi Karnasuta.
Saprang Kalayanamitr is the connection of State Oil Company Egat.
Saprang Kalayanamitr is the potential replacement of General Pongsak Ekbannasingh.
Saprang Kalayanamitr is the replacement of Pisarn Wattanawongkhiri.
Saprang Kalayanamitr is the coup planning partner of Sonthi Boonyaratkalin.
Saprang Kalayanamitr is the coup planning partner of Anupong Paochinda.
Saprang Kalayanamitr warns Lieutenant General Manas Paorik.
Saprang Kalayanamitr is the conflict of Vuthiphong Priebsrijvit.
Saprang Kalayanamitr is the replacement of Col. Natee Sukolrat.
Saprang Kalayanamitr is the non-participant of General Pornchai Kranlert.
Saprang Kalayanamitr is the replacement of Police Inspector General Seripisut Temiyavej.
Saprang Kalayanamitr is the criticism of Karun Chandrarangsu.
Saprang Kalayanamitr is the accusation of Tortrakul Yomnak.
Saprang Kalayanamitr is the accusation of Suebsak Promboon.
Saprang is the criticism of Thaksin Shinawatra.
Saprang is the implication of Pridiyathorn Devakula.
Saprang is the confrontation of Chavalit Yongchaiyudh.
Saprang is the competition of Anupong Paochinda.
Saprang is the contradiction of Surayud Chulanont.
Saprang is the reaction of Andy Smith.
Saprang is the investigation of Jean Jufer.
Saprang is the family of Luang Phichai Waree.