Grammy Award For Best Concept Music Video presents Recording Artists.
Grammy Award For Best Concept Music Video presents 30Th Grammy Awards.
Grammy Award For Best Concept Music Video presents 1988.
Grammy Award For Best Concept Music Video presents 26Th Grammy Awards.
Grammy Award For Best Concept Music Video presents 1989.
Grammy Award For Best Concept Music Video presents Quality Concept Music Videos.
Grammy Awards establishs National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences.
Grammy Awards establishs 1958.
Grammy Awards presents United States.
Grammy Awards is the honors of Artistic Achievement.
Grammy Awards is the honors of Technical Proficiency.
Grammy Awards is the honors of Recording Industry.
Grammy Awards is the not considered for of Record Sales.
Grammy Awards is the not considered for of Chart Position.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences begins Video Of The Year Award.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences begins 1982.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences discontinues Mtv Video Music Awards.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences discontinues 1984.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences replaces Best Video, Short Form.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences replaces Best Video Album.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences changes 1988.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences changes 1989.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences introduces Best Concept Music Video.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences introduces Best Performance Music Video.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences returns 1990.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences renames Best Short Form Music Video.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences renames Best Long Form Music Video.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences retitleds 1998.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences retitleds Best Short Form Music Video.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences retitleds Best Long Form Music Video.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences begins 1982.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences is the award recipient for of Michael Nesmith.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences is the award recipient for of Hour-Long In Elephant Parts.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences is the award recipient for of Olivia Physical.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences is the award recipient for of Olivia Physical.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences discontinues 1984.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences replaces Best Video, Short Form.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences replaces Best Video Album.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences changes 1988.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences changes 1989.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences returns 1990.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences renames Best Music Video, Short Form.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences renames Best Music Video, Long Form.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences retitleds 1998.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences retitleds Best Short Form Music Video.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences retitleds Best Long Form Music Video.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences is the nominees for of 1988.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences is the nominee for of David Bowie.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences is the nominee for of Kate Bush.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences is the nominee for of Queen.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences is the nominee for of David Lee Roth.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences is the nominee for of Janet Jackson.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences performs Genesis.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences performs Tony Banks.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences performs Phil Collins.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences performs Mike Rutherford.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences is the video directors for of Jim Yukich.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences is the video directors for of Christopher Lloyd.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences is the video producer for of Jon Stewart.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences is the nominees for of 31St Grammy Awards.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences is the nominee for of Hampton String Quartet.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences is the nominee for of George Harrison.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences is the nominee for of Talking Heads.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences is the nominee for of Weird Al Yankovic.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences is the nominee for of Neil Diamond.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences is the nominee for of Get A Job.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences is the nominee for of When We Was Fab.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences is the nominee for of Storytelling Giant.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences is the nominee for of Bad.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences is the nominee for of This Note'S For You.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences is the original song by of The Silhouettes.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences is the song appears on of Roll Over Beethoven.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences appears Elton John.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences references Michael Jackson.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences is the appearance in of Fat.