Mortimer Wheeler is the birthplace of Glasgow.
Mortimer Wheeler is the location of Scotland.
Mortimer Wheeler is the location of England.
Mortimer Wheeler is the education of University College London.
Mortimer Wheeler is the service of Royal Engineers.
Mortimer Wheeler is the service of Western Front.
Mortimer Wheeler is the position of British Museum.
Mortimer Wheeler is the founder of Institute Of Archaeology.
Mortimer Wheeler is the excavation of Lydney Park.
Mortimer Wheeler is the excavation of Verulamium.
Mortimer Wheeler is the excavation of Maidan Castle.
Mortimer Wheeler is the service of North African Campaign.
Mortimer Wheeler is the service of Allied Invasion Of Italy.
Mortimer Wheeler is the excavation of Harappa.
Mortimer Wheeler is the excavation of Arikamedu.
Mortimer Wheeler is the excavation of Brahmagiri.
Mortimer Wheeler is the service of Pakistan.
Mortimer Wheeler is the appointment of British Academy.
Mortimer Wheeler is the appointment of Unesco.
Mortimer Wheeler is the contribution of Southeast Asian Archaeology.
Mortimer Wheeler is the service of World War I.
Mortimer Wheeler is the service of World War Ii.
Mortimer Wheeler is the position of British Royal Commission On Historical Monuments.
Mortimer Wheeler is the study of Stebbing.
Mortimer Wheeler is the study of Essex.
Mortimer Wheeler is the service of Corsica.
Mortimer Wheeler is the service of Monte Caporetto.
Mortimer Wheeler is the service of Vieux Rouen.
Mortimer Wheeler is the service of Achiet.
Mortimer Wheeler is the service of Sapignies.
Mortimer Wheeler is the service of Castle Artillery.
Mortimer Wheeler is the position of National Library Of Wales.
Mortimer Wheeler is the residence of Gordon Square.
Mortimer Wheeler is the research of Colchester.
Mortimer Wheeler is the research of Boudica.
Mortimer Wheeler is the research of Jupiter.
Wheeler is the married of Wife.
Wheeler moves Cardiff.
Museum builds Cultural Center.
Wales visits Wheeler.
Wheeler acknowledges Lydia M. Carr.
Wheeler links Plaid Plaid.
Wheeler excavates Roman Fort Of Segontium.
Wheeler works John Nash-Williams.
Wheeler works Ian Richmond.
Wheeler influences William Pitt-Turner.
Wheeler writes Archaeologia Cambrensis.
Wheeler excavates Isca Augusta.
Wheeler publishs Oxford University Press.
Wheeler appoints National Museum Of Wales.
Wheeler employs John Davies.
Wheeler receives William Reardon.
Wheeler is the officially opened museum by of King George V.
Wheeler appoints British Museum.
British Museum succeeds Harmon Oates.
Wheeler is the disagreed with of Fox.
Wheeler comments A. E. Carr.
Wheeler is the first student at institute of archaeology of Rachel Carson.
Wheeler is the first student at institute of archaeology of Barbara Parker.
Wheeler appoints Kathleen Kenyon.
Wheeler interprets Niall Sharples.
Wheeler marrys Mavis De Vere Gore.
Mavis De Vere Gore is the vice-husband of of Augustus John.
Henry Wheeler leases London.
Henry Wheeler is the temporary home for institute of University Of London.
Charles Reed is the vice chancellor of of University Of London.
Edward Guinness is the chancellor of of University Of London.
Henry Wheeler gives Belfast.
Henry Wheeler receives Bristol University.
Henry Wheeler aids Winston Churchill.
Henry Wheeler is the overseen surveys and excavations in of France.
Henry Wheeler aids Leslie Scott.
Henry Wheeler concentrates Normandy.
Henry Wheeler is the eagerly hoped for war with nazi germany of Second World War.
Henry Wheeler is the shame brought upon the country by signing of of Munich Agreement.
Henry Wheeler elects Society Of Antiquaries.
Henry Wheeler participates North African Campaign.
Henry Wheeler serves Eighth Army.
Henry Wheeler is the present during the second battle of of El Alamein.
Henry Wheeler visits Tripoli.
Henry Wheeler insists Sicily.
Henry Wheeler promotes Brigadier.
Henry Wheeler posts Algiers.
Henry Wheeler takes Italy.
Henry Wheeler appoints Archaeological Survey Of India.
Henry Wheeler arrives Bombay.
Henry Wheeler visits Madras.
Henry Wheeler is the headquarters of archaeological survey of india located in of Simla.
Archibald Wavell recommends Henry Wheeler.
William Woolley reports Henry Wheeler.
Henry Wheeler impresss Indus Valley Civilization.
Henry Wheeler focuss Achaemenid Empire.
Henry Wheeler is the convinced government to contribute to construction of of National Museum Of India.
Henry Wheeler opens Taxila.
Henry Wheeler haves R. B. Lal.
Henry Wheeler discovers Mohenjo-Daro.
Henry Wheeler leads Harappa.
Henry Wheeler begins Arikamedu.
Henry Wheeler is the undertook excavations of megalithic sites at of Brahmagiri.
Wheeler works India.
Wheeler works British Empire.
Wheeler moves England.
Wheeler offers Wales.
Wheeler is the adviser to of Pakistan.
Wheeler moves London.
Wheeler rents Oxford Street.
Wheeler moves Mallord Street.
Wheeler holds Institute Of Archaeology.
Wheeler nominates Society Of Jesus.
Wheeler elects Society Of Jesus.
Wheeler loses Society Of Jesus.
Wheeler awards Petrie Medal.
Wheeler delivers Norton Lecture.
Wheeler awards Lucy Wharton Drexel Medal.
Wheeler conducts Mohenjo-Daro.
Wheeler is the ran archaeological training course at of Verulamium.
Wheeler directs Bindon.
Wheeler surveys Stanwick Iron Age Fortifications.
Wheeler appoints British Museum.
Wheeler publishs Oxford University Press.
Wheeler is the undertook tours with of Fairways And Swinford.
Wheeler serves Cadbury Castle.
British Treasury is the funding increase of Annual Grant.
British Treasury is the biographer of Jacquetta Smith.
Jacquetta Smith is the elevation of Academy.
Academy is the position elevation of Royal Patronage.
Academy is the position elevation of Humanities.
British Treasury is the funding request of British Institute Of History And Archaeology.
British Institute Of History And Archaeology is the establishment location of East Africa.
British Institute Of History And Archaeology is the initial location of Dar Es Salaam.
British Institute Of History And Archaeology is the relocation of Tehran.
British Treasury is the funding request of British Institute Of Iranian Studies.
British Embassy In Tehran is the support of British Institute Of Iranian Studies.
British Institute Of Iranian Studies is the rivalry of French Institute.
University Of Tehran is the establishment location of British Institute Of Iranian Studies.
British Treasury is the establishment proposal of British Institute In Japan.
Worldwide Economic Crisis Of 1967 is the cancellation of British Institute In Japan.
British Institute In Japan is the campaigner of Wheeler.
Wheeler is the visit of British School In Jerusalem.
Wheeler is the visit of Six-Day War.
Wheeler is the visit of Max Mallowan.
Max Mallowan is the visit of Agatha Wheeler.
Wheeler is the excavation inspection of Siraf.
Wheeler is the visit of Rome.
Wheeler is the visit of British School In Rome.
Wheeler is the resignation of Honorary Secretary.
Wheeler is the successor appointment of Derek Robinson.
Wheeler is the appointment of British Representative.
British Representative is the mission organization of Nile Valley.
Nile Valley is the construction impact of Nasser Dam.
Nasser Dam is the funding request of Egypt.
Wheeler is the restoration funding of Abu Simbel Dam.
Wheeler is the involvement of Unesco.
Wheeler is the visit of India.
Wheeler is the study of Mohenjo-Daro.
Wheeler is the conference participation of Paris.
Barry Cunliffe is the conference organization of University Of Southampton.
University Of Southampton is the conference topic of Bronze Age.
University Of Southampton is the conference topic of Hillforts.
Wheeler is the editorial board membership of Antiquity Journal.
Wheeler is the advisory board membership of British Archaeological Association.
Wheeler is the television appearance of Bbc Television.
Wheeler is the assistant relationship of John Myres.
Wheeler is the residence change of Leatherhead.
Wheeler is the day trips of London.
Wheeler is the book publication of Thames And Hudson.
Wheeler is the health issue of Stroke.
Wheeler is the funeral location of London Crematorium.
Wheeler is the memorial service location of St. James'S Church, Piccadilly.
Wheeler is the first marriage of Tessa Verney.
Tessa Verney is the child parent relationship of Peter Wheeler.
Wheeler is the second marriage of Mavis Ke Verecole.
Mavis Ke Verecole is the conflict relationship of Mavis Ke Verecole.
Wheeler is the third marriage of Margaret Collingridge.
Margaret Collingridge is the religious conflict relationship of Margaret Collingridge.
Wheeler is the commentator relationship of Gabriel Moshenska.
Gabriel Moshenska is the commentator relationship of Tim Schadla-Rivers.
Wheeler is the commentator relationship of Stuart Piggott.
Wheeler is the commentator relationship of A.M. Carr.
Wheeler is the commentator relationship of Sudeshna Guha.
Ronald William Wilson is the biography publication of Mortimer Wheeler.
Fitzroy Somerset is the biography review of Mortimer Wheeler.
Jacquetta Johnson is the biography publication of Mortimer Wheeler.
Hawkes is the biographer relationship of Mortimer Wheeler.
Saket Khan is the friendship relationship of Mortimer Wheeler.
Amjad Khan is the friendship relationship of Mortimer Wheeler.
Lewis K. Elbinger is the portrayal relationship of Mortimer Wheeler.
Kamal Haasan is the portrayal relationship of Saket Khan.
Shah Rukh Khan is the portrayal relationship of Amjad Khan.
Hey Ram is the portrayal relationship of Mortimer Wheeler.
Sudeshna Guha is the research publication of Mortimer Wheeler.
Current Archaeology is the author of Moshenska.
Current Archaeology is the author of Schadla @ - @ Hall.
Moshenska analyzes Wheeler.
Institute Of Archaeology is the author of Moshenska.
Institute Of Archaeology is the author of Alex Salamunovich.
Moshenska depicts Wheeler.
Wheeler promotes Libya.
Wheeler promotes World War Ii.