Paul Thomas Anderson is the father of Ernie Anderson.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the inspiration of John Carpenter.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the mentor of Michael Caton.
Paul Thomas Anderson plans Adam Sandler.
Adam Sandler is the co star of Emily Watson.
Adam Sandler is the inspiration of Sam Phillips.
Paul Thomas Anderson expects Daniel Day-Lewis.
Paul Thomas Anderson works Joaquin Phoenix.
Paul Thomas Anderson works Philip Seymour Hoffman.
Paul Thomas Anderson works Amy Adams.
Paul Thomas Anderson adapts Thomas Mann.
Paul Thomas Anderson works Jonny Greenwood.
Jonny Greenwood works Shye Khan Tzur.
Paul Thomas Anderson directs Fiona Apple.
Paul Thomas Anderson works Maya Rudolph.
Maya Rudolph is the co star in play of Fred Armisen.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the standby director for of Robert Altman.
Paul Thomas Anderson works Jon Brion.
Paul Thomas Anderson expects Daniel J Lewis.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the themes of American Themes.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the themes of Greed.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the themes of Rootlessness.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the themes of Master-Disciple Dynamics.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the themes of Father-Son Destruction.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the themes of Business Versus Art.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the themes of Self-Reinvention.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the collaboration of Collaborator.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the collaboration of Actors And Directors.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the collaboration of John C. Reilly.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the collaboration of Stephen Baker Gould.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the collaboration of Julianne Moore.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the collaboration of William H. Macy.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the collaboration of Melora Walters.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the collaboration of Philip Seymour Hoffman.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the collaboration of Luis Guzman.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the collaboration of Robert Elswit.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the collaboration of Mihai Malaimaregi.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the collaboration of Jon Brion.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the collaboration of Jonny Greenwood.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the collaboration of Joanne Sellar.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the collaboration of Scott Rudin.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the collaboration of Michael De Luca.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the collaboration of Daniel Lupi.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the collaboration of Cassandra Kulukundis.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the relationship of Fiona Apple.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the relationship of Maya Rudolph.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the family of Emma Bailey.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the family of Lucille.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the family of Minnie Bailey.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the family of Max.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the recognition of Ingmar Bergman.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the recognition of David Aghed.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the recognition of Elvis Costello.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the recognition of Sam Mendes.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the recognition of Ben Affleck.
Paul Thomas Anderson is the recognition of Peter Travers.