Chess is the first move advantage of White.
Chess is the opponent of Black.
Wilhelm Steinitz is the addressed issue of Chess.
Adam Smith argues Chess.
Vsevolod Rauzer argues Chess.
Hans Fischer argues Chess.
Jose Raul Capablanca expresss Chess.
Emanuel Lasker proposes Chess.
Bobby Fischer expresss Chess.
Andras Adorjan promotes Chess.
Mihai Suba contends Chess.
Jeff Sonas analyzes Chess.
Evgeny Sveshnikov states Chess.
Anatoly Ivanov plays Chess.
Garry Russell plays Chess.
Jacques Bertin writes Chess.
George Thomson writes Chess.
Reuben Fine argues Chess.
Kiril Georgiev states Chess.
Atanas Kolev states Chess.
Zaven Andriasyan states Chess.
Jack Adams claims Chess.
I. A. Horowitz plays Jack Adams.
White is the agreement of Larry Kaufman.
White is the agreement of Hans Berliner.
White is the agreement of Rowson.
White is the agreement of Watson.
Black is the disagreement of Adorjan.
Black is the disagreement of Rowson.
Black is the disagreement of Watson.
Larry Kaufman is the disagreement of Adorjan.
Adorjan is the disagreement of Rowson.
Adorjan is the comment of Lajos Portisch.
Adorjan is the comment of Rowson.
Rowson is the disagreement of Watson.
Watson is the disagreement of Suba.
Watson is the agreement of Mikhail Botvinnik.
Watson is the agreement of Alex Yermolinsky.
Watson is the agreement of Howard Staunton.
John Doe plays Owen'S Defense.
John Doe discusss Symmetrical Openings.
John Doe is the analyzed strategies of White.
John Doe is the analyzed strategies of Black.
Aron Nimzowitsch discusss Symmetrical Openings.
Bent Larsen comments Symmetrical Openings.
Andrew Soltis comments Symmetrical Openings.
Paul Keres comments Symmetrical Openings.
M. Gurevich plays Short.
Short defeats Kasparov.
Korchnoi defeats Russian Im.
Lajos Portisch plays Mikhail Tal.
Jonathan Rowson discusss Tablebases.
Claude Shannon analyzes Tablebases.
Johannes De Groot references Claude Shannon.
Hans-Hans Bremermann agrees Claude Shannon.
Jonathan Schaeffer solves Checkers.
Isaac Kashdan solves Chess.
Isaac Kashdan solves Checkers.