Frederick Reines discovers Neutron.
Frederick Reines collaborates John Cowan.
Frederick Reines awards Nobel Prize.
Frederick Reines participates Manhattan Project.
Frederick Reines works Los Alamos Laboratory.
Frederick Reines graduates Massachusetts Institute Of Technology.
Frederick Reines graduates New York University.
Frederick Reines studys Neutrino.
Frederick Reines detects Supernova Sn1987A.
Frederick Reines pioneers Radio Astronomy.
Frederick Reines marrys Sylvia Samuels.
Frederick Reines is the father of of Robert.
Frederick Reines is the father of of Alisa.
Frederick Reines attends Stevens Institute Of Technology.
Frederick Reines is the location of Hoboken.
Frederick Reines bears Newark.
Frederick Reines moves North Bergen.
Frederick Reines attends Union Hill High School.
Frederick Reines moves Hillburn.
Frederick Reines achieves Eagle Scout.
Frederick Reines is the developed of Neutrino Detector.
Frederick Reines works University Of California, Irvine.
Frederick Reines receives Nobel Prize In Physics.
Frederick Reines shares William L. Perl.
Frederick Reines receives J. Robert Watson Memorial Award.
Frederick Reines receives National Medal Of Science.
Frederick Reines receives Bruno Rossi Prize.
Frederick Reines receives Michelson–Physics Prize.
Frederick Reines receives Wolf Prize.
Frederick Reines receives Fields Medal.
Frederick Reines is the member of of National Academy Of Sciences.
Frederick Reines corresponds Russian Academy Of Sciences.
Frederick Reines publishs Uci Libraries.
Frederick Reines names Roberts Hall.
Frederick Reines dies Uci Medical Center.
Nuclear Physics is the study at of Uci.
Roberts is the contribute to of Dumand Ii Project.
Electron is the detect as of Neutrino.
Roberts is the work at of National Physical Laboratory (Fnal).
National Physical Laboratory (Fnal) affiliates United States Department Of Energy.
Reines is the author of of Neutrinos And Other Phenomena: Selected Papers Of Fnal.
Neutrinos And Other Phenomena: Selected Papers Of Fnal publishs World Scientific.
Neutrinos And Other Phenomena: Selected Papers Of Fnal haves Isbn 978-981-02-0392-4.