Lock Haven is the county seat of Susquehanna County.
Lock Haven locates Pennsylvania.
Lock Haven locates West Branch Susquehanna River.
Lock Haven locates Bald Eagle Creek.
Lock Haven is the principal city of Lock Haven Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Lock Haven is the part of of Williamsport – Lock Haven Combined Statistical Area.
Lock Haven is the on national register of Memorial Park Site.
Lock Haven is the on national register of Heisey House.
Lock Haven is the on national register of Main Street Park.
Lock Haven locates Fort Reed.
Fort Reed locates Lock Haven.
Lock Haven is the founder of Jeremiah Church.
Lock Haven builds William Reed.
Lock Haven is the railroad investor of William Fallon.
Lock Haven is the railroad investor of John Fallon.
Lock Haven founds William T. Piper, Sr..
Lock Haven operates Dow Chemical.
Dow Chemical operates Lock Haven.
Lock Haven constructs United States Environmental Protection Agency.
Lock Haven is the location of Susquehanna River.
Lock Haven is the location of Bald Eagle Creek.
Lock Haven is the location of Lock Haven State Park.
Lock Haven is the location of Delaware River.
Lock Haven is the affiliation of Lock Haven University.
Lock Haven is the affiliation of Lock Haven College.
Lock Haven is the location of Clinton Golf Club.
Lock Haven is the leadership of William Baney.
Lock Haven is the leadership of Richard W. Marcinkevage.
Lock Haven is the leadership of Robert 'Pete' Smeltz.
Lock Haven is the leadership of Jeffrey Snyder.
Lock Haven is the leadership of Paul Conklin.
Lock Haven is the representation of Michael J. Hanna.
Lock Haven is the representation of Joseph B. Scarnati Iii.
Lock Haven haves Harrison Elementary.
Lock Haven haves Robb Elementary.
Lock Haven haves Washington Elementary.
Lock Haven haves Central Mountain Middle School.
Lock Haven haves Central Mountain High School.
Lock Haven haves Lock Haven Christian Academy.
Lock Haven haves Lock Haven Catholic School.
Lock Haven haves Lock Haven University Of Pennsylvania.
Lock Haven haves Lock Haven Mall.
Lock Haven haves Fullington Trailways.
Lock Haven haves Susquehanna Trailways.
Lock Haven haves Pennsylvania Bicycle Route G.
Lock Haven haves Pine Creek Rail Trail.
Lock Haven haves Norfolk Southern Railway.
Lock Haven haves Nittany And Bald Eagle Railroad.
Lock Haven haves William J. Mitchell Municipal Airport.
Lock Haven haves Ppl.
Lock Haven haves Verizon Wireless.
Lock Haven haves Comcast.
Lock Haven haves Kcnet.
Lock Haven haves Clinton County Solid Waste Authority.
Lock Haven haves Lock Haven Hospital.
Lock Haven haves Susque-Nursing Home.
Lock Haven haves Brittani Kline.
Lock Haven haves George Mcdonald.
Lock Haven haves John French Sloan.
Lock Haven haves Alison Bechdel.
Lock Haven haves Richard Lipez.
Lock Haven haves John Sloan.
Lock Haven haves Kermit Lipez.