Here is a multimedia - see the whole press release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news / en / 20180424005187 - en - apparmor, the leader in edifying and mass edifying for universities and hospitals in the united states, canada, australia, europe and the Caribbean, is proud to announce that the apparmor safety apps and the apparmor alert system have been awarded the 2018 bronze distinction in the "safety" category by campus security & life safety. The independent judges from the security industry chose the winners, the features, innovation, user friendly, interoperability, quality, design, market opportunity and impact in the security industry, technical advances, and scalability. apparmor safety apps, the core product of apparmor, provide over 50 powerful safety features that can be used by the end users. This product also provides unlimited push notifications , and can be used for both end users and end users. . "Since this is a great challenge for campuses, we are happy to be chosen by the independent judging panel of the security industry," said david sinkinson, co-founder of apparmor. "Our commitment to a secure and scalable emergency response and safety technology is shown in these two honors. " apparmor mobile is a division of cutcom’s software division – apparmor develops mobile safety applications and emergency alert systems for universities, colleges, healthcare facilities, and private institutions worldwide. In the world, apparmor develops custom mobile safety and emergency alert systems for universities, colleges, health facilities and private institutions across the world – apparmor is a global leader in safety, security, and emergency alert systems – a division of cutcom’s software division. Accursed versions of this software are available for download on the website of businesswire com. com, news – home – 20180424005187 – en. p. l. accursed versions of this software are available for download on the website of businesswire com. Accursed versions of this software are available for download at http://www. businesswire. com – news – home – 20180424005187 – en