Snoop Dogg opens Super Bowl 51.
Jennifer Lopez is the performance of Super Bowl 51.
Rihanna is the performance of Super Bowl 51.
Cardi B is the performance of Super Bowl 51.
The Chainsmokers is the performance of Super Bowl 51.
Philadelphia Eagles competes New England Patriots.
Justin Timberlake is the halftime show performance of Super Bowl 51.
Justin Timberlake is the fan party host of Macarthur Park.
Justin Timberlake is the song release party of Justin Timberlake'S New Single.
Rihanna is the national anthem performance of Super Bowl 51.
Rihanna is the special performance of Nfl Live.
Rihanna is the friday night performance of Armory.
Migos is the friday night performance of Armory.
Michael Jackson is the friday night performance of Armory.
T-Pain is the friday night performance of Armory.
Ellie Goulding is the friday night performance of Armory.
Kygo is the friday night performance of Armory.
Issa Rae is the performance of Nfl Live.
Issa Rae is the performance of Nfl Women'S Game.
Yvonne Orji is the co-host of Nfl Live.
David Gray is the host of Nfl Live.
Faith Hill is the guest of Nfl Live.
Sheila E. is the guest of Nfl Live.
Donnie Mcclurkin is the guest of Nfl Live.
Naomi Watts is the guest of Nfl Live.
Tye Tribbett is the guest of Nfl Live.
Imagine Dragons is the concert performance of Stadium.
Machine Gun Kelly is the concert performance of Stadium.
Mura is the concert performance of Stadium.
The Chainsmokers is the performance of Super Bowl 51.
Jennifer Lopez is the host of Super Bowl Night.
Rihanna is the host of Friday Party.
Cardi B is the host of Friday Party.
Post Malone is the host of Friday Party.
Dave Matthews Band is the host of Friday Night Concert.
Florida Georgia Line is the host of Friday Night Concert.
Snoop Dogg is the host of Dj Mustard'S Weekend.
Snoop Dogg is the host of Saturday Party.
Snoop Dogg is the host of Ultimate Fighter Party.
Kelly Clarkson is the collaborative performance of Friday Night Performance.
Sheila E. is the collaborative performance of Friday Night Performance.
Diddy is the performance of Jingle Night.
Dj Khaled is the performance of Jingle Night.
French Montana is the performance of Jingle Night.
Cardi B is the performance of Jingle Night.
G-Eazy is the performance of Jingle Night.
Busta Rhymes is the performance of Jingle Night.