Hellblazer is the main character of Saint John Constantine.
Saint John Constantine is the creator of Alan Douglas Moore.
Saint John Constantine is the creator of Stephen R. Bissette.
Hellblazer is the author of Jamie Delano.
Hellblazer is the author of Garth Ennis.
Hellblazer is the author of Paul Jenkins.
Hellblazer is the author of Warren Ellis.
Hellblazer is the author of Duncan James Corrow Grant.
Hellblazer is the author of Chloe Anthony Wofford.
Hellblazer is the author of Neil Gaiman.
Hellblazer is the author of Mike Carey.
Hellblazer is the author of Andy Diggle.
Hellblazer is the author of Peter Milligan.
Jamie Delano introduces John Constantine.
Alan Douglas Moore is the related author of Clive Barker.
Karen Berger works Jamie Delano.
Jamie Delano collaborates Dave Mckean.
John Ridgway collaborates Dave Mckean.
Hellblazer is the related character of Zatanna.
Hellblazer is the related character of The Spectre.
Hellblazer is the related character of Shade.
Hellblazer is the related character of Dream Of The Endless.
Hellblazer is the related character of Swamp Thing.
John Constantine encounters Nergal.
John Constantine encounters Gary Lester.
John Constantine is the friend of Chas.
John Constantine encounters Ellie.
John Constantine visits Ireland.
John Constantine is the friend of Kit Ryan.
John Constantine is the friend of Ellie.
John Constantine is the friend of Zatanna.
John Constantine visits Brixton.
John Constantine visits Broadwater.
John Constantine visits London.
John Constantine is the met of Jack Kennedy.
Eddie Joseph Campbell is the workedwith of Saul Jenkins.
Eddie Joseph Campbell is the workedon of Ninja Turtles.
Eddie Joseph Campbell is the workedwith of Alan Moore.
Eddie Joseph Campbell is the workedwith of Garth Ennis.
Eddie Joseph Campbell is the workedwith of Jamie Delano.
Eddie Joseph Campbell is the workedwith of Saul Jenkins.
Eddie Joseph Campbell is the workedwith of Brian Azzarello.
Eddie Joseph Campbell is the workedwith of Darko Macan.
Eddie Joseph Campbell is the workedwith of Mike Carey.
Eddie Joseph Campbell is the workedwith of Denise Mina.
Eddie Joseph Campbell is the workedwith of Andy Diggle.
Saul Jenkins is the workedwith of Alan Moore.
Saul Jenkins is the workedwith of Garth Ennis.
Saul Jenkins is the workedwith of Jamie Delano.
Saul Jenkins is the workedwith of Brian Azzarello.
Saul Jenkins is the workedwith of Darko Macan.
Saul Jenkins is the workedwith of Mike Carey.
Saul Jenkins is the workedwith of Denise Mina.
Saul Jenkins is the workedwith of Andy Diggle.
Brian Azzarello is the workedwith of Darko Macan.
Brian Azzarello is the workedwith of Mike Carey.
Brian Azzarello is the workedwith of Denise Mina.
Brian Azzarello is the workedwith of Andy Diggle.
Mike Carey is the workedwith of Denise Mina.
Mike Carey is the workedwith of Andy Diggle.
John Lackland is the relationship of Gemma Constantine The Great.
John Lackland is the relationship of Joe.
Constantine The Great is the relationship of Mako.
Constantine The Great is the relationship of Crab.
Epiphany is the relationship of Julian.
Terry is the relationship of Epiphany.
Finn is the relationship of Terry.
John Lackland is the relationship of Henry Martyn Robert Venditti.
Ming Doyle is the relationship of Constantine The Great.
James Whitcomb Riley Rossmo is the relationship of Ming Doyle.
Jamie Delano is the relationship of John Lackland.
Garth Ennis is the relationship of Jamie Delano.
Brian Azzarello is the relationship of Garth Ennis.
Warren Ellis is the relationship of Brian Azzarello.
Hillary Goldstein is the relationship of Andre Jorge Luis Borges.
Henry Martyn Robert Tutton is the publisher of Flavius Valerius Constantinus.
Jamie Delano is the author of John Constantine.
Helen Of Troy Braithwaite is the reviewer of Jamie Delano.
Garth Ennis is the author of John Constantine.
Brian Cronin is the character mentioned of John Constantine.
Glenn Fabry is the cover artist of Garth Ennis.
Alan Douglas Moore is the praiser of Jamie Delano.
Alan Douglas Moore is the praiser of Brian Azzarello.
Joshua Hale Fialkov is the disagreement of Ian Jeannette Rankin.
Dan Didio is the statement of Joshua Hale Fialkov.
Dan Didio is the series continuation of John Constantine.
Guillermo Del Toro is the film idea of John Constantine.
David Goyer is the series collaboration of Daniel Cerone.
Neil Marshall is the director of John Constantine.
Matt Ryan is the actor of John Constantine.
Lorenzo Di Bonaventura is the producer of Constantine.
Thq is the video game tie-in of Constantine.
Ookla The Mok is the song reference of Constantine.
Jamie Delano is the song adaptation of Spiderlegs.
John Shirley is the novel writer of John Constantine.