James Augustine Aloysius Joyce Kilmer writes Verse Form.
James Augustine Aloysius Joyce Kilmer writes Poetry.
James Augustine Aloysius Joyce Kilmer is the first published in of A Cartridge Of Rhyme.
James Augustine Aloysius Joyce Kilmer includes Kilmer'S 1914 Collection Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree And Other Poems.
James Augustine Aloysius Joyce Kilmer criticizes Critics.
James Augustine Aloysius Joyce Kilmer criticizes Scholars.
Shoetree haves Pop Appeal.
Shoetree inspires Oscar Rasbach.
Shoetree inspires Isaac M. Singer Nelson.
Shoetree inspires Henry Robert Merrill.
Shoetree inspires Paul Paul Robeson.
Shoetree relates Rutgers University.
Shoetree relates University Of Notre Dame.
Kenton Kilmer lives Mahwah.
Kenton Kilmer lives Bergen County.
Kenton Kilmer lives Ramapo Valley.
Kenton Kilmer describes Mrs. Henry James Mill Alden.
Mrs. Henry James Mill Alden relates Ada Murray Alden.
James Augustine Aloysius Joyce Kilmer publishs George H. Doran Company.
James Augustine Aloysius Joyce Kilmer mentors T.S. Eliot.
James Augustine Aloysius Joyce Kilmer mentors Ezra Pound.
James Augustine Aloysius Joyce Kilmer mentors H.D..
James Augustine Aloysius Joyce Kilmer mentors Wallace Stevens.
James Augustine Aloysius Joyce Kilmer mentors Robert Frost.
James Augustine Aloysius Joyce Kilmer mentors Edna St. Vincent Millay.
Barbara Garlitz describes Shoetree.
Rick Hampson describes Shoetree.
Harlan Fiske Stone describes Shoetree.
Robert Holliday describes Shoetree.
Conrad Aiken is the critique of Kilmer.
T. S. Mary Ann Evans is the influence of Kilmer.
Book Of Ezra Pound is the influence of Kilmer.
Cleanth Brooks is the critique of Kilmer.
Robert Penn Warren is the critique of Kilmer.
William Butler Yeats is the influence of Kilmer.
Annie Kilburn Kilmer is the relationship of Oscar Rasbach.
Oscar Rasbach is the collaboration of Ernestine Schumann-Heink.
Oscar Rasbach is the collaboration of John Charles Thomas.
Oscar Rasbach is the collaboration of Nelson Eddy.
Oscar Rasbach is the collaboration of Robert Merrill.
Oscar Rasbach is the collaboration of Ralph Barton Perry Como.
Oscar Rasbach is the collaboration of Paul Robeson.
Fred Astaire is the performance of Oscar Rasbach.
Carl Switzer is the performance of Oscar Rasbach.
Leonard Maltin is the critique of Oscar Rasbach.
Victor Borge is the performance of Oscar Rasbach.
Henk Van D Vliet is the performance of Oscar Rasbach.
C. K. Ogden is the parody of Kilmer.
Dylan Thomas is the parody of Kilmer.
James Joyce Kilmer is the relationship of Thomas Merton.
James Augustine Aloysius Joyce is the parody of Lex Luthor.
Thomas Merton is the affiliation of Abbey Of Gethsemani.
Thomas Merton is the affiliation of Philolexian Society.
James Joyce Kilmer is the affiliation of Philolexian Society.
Lex Luthor is the relationship of Ubermensch.