Hampshire is the win of Somerset.
Worcestershire loses Hampshire.
Sussex is the win of Somerset.
Somerset loses Worcestershire.
Somerset loses Sussex.
Steve William James is the coach of Somerset.
Trescothick is the player of Somerset.
Kieswetter is the player of Somerset.
Ben Phillips is the player of Somerset.
Andrew Mcglashan is the reviewer of Espncricinfo.
Zander De Bruyn is the player of Somerset.
Alfonso Thomas is the player of Somerset.
Chris Schofield is the player of Somerset.
Dominic Cork is the player of Somerset.
Peter Trego is the player of Somerset.
Justin Langer is the player of Somerset.
Fats Waller is the player of Somerset.
Joe Denly is the player of Somerset.
Martin Van Jaarsveld is the player of Somerset.
John L. H. is the player of Somerset.
Phil Mustard is the player of Somerset.
Ian Blackwell is the player of Somerset.
Brian Rose is the player of Somerset.
James Hildreth is the player of Somerset.
Seth Thomas is the player of Somerset.
Wes Durston is the interchange of Marcus Trescothick.
Wes Durston is the release of Marcus Trescothick.
Wes Durston is the release of Somerset.
Marcus Trescothick is the captain of Somerset.
Brett Rose Louise Hovick is the bowling performance of Somerset.
Gilbert Stuart Kenneth Bancroft Clark is the bowling performance of Somerset.
Justin Langer is the retirement of Professional Cricket.
Marcus Trescothick is the captain of Somerset.
Andrew Caddick is the retirement of Somerset.
Carl Gazzard is the retirement of Somerset.
Carl Gazzard is the successor of Craig Kieswetter.
Somerset is the successor of Craig Kieswetter.
Somerset is the release of Wes Durston.
Somerset is the release of Omari Banks.
Somerset is the signing of Murali Karttika.
Craig Kieswetter is the inclusion of England Performance Programme Squad.
Craig Kieswetter is the inclusion of England Lion Squad.
Craig Kieswetter is the performance of England.
Jos Buttler is the inclusion of England U-19.
Calum Haggett is the inclusion of England U-19.
Somerset is the financial success of Andy Nash.