Sholay is the director of Ramesh Sippy.
Sholay is the producer of G. P. Sippy.
Sholay is the character of Veeru.
Sholay is the character of Jai.
Sholay is the actor of Sanjeev Kumar.
Sholay is the character of Gabbar Singh.
Sholay is the actor of Hema Malini.
Sholay is the actor of Jaya Bhaduri.
Sholay is the actor of Amitabh Bachchan.
Sholay is the music director of R. D. Burman.
Sholay is the character of Basanti.
Sholay is the character of Thakur Baldev Singh.
Sholay is the character of Radha.
Sholay is the actor of Dharmendra.
Sholay is the actor of Amjad Khan.
Sholay is the character of Sambha.
Sholay is the character of Kaalia.
Sholay is the character of Hariram.
Sholay is the character of Mausi.
Sholay is the character of Ahmed.
Sholay is the character of Soorma Bhopali.
Sholay is the character of Rahim Chacha.
Sholay is the character of Inspector Khurana.
Sholay is the character of Maushi.
Sholay is the character of Ramlaal.
Sholay is the character of Ahmed.
Sholay is the character of Soorma.
Sholay is the character of Hariram.
Sholay is the character of Sambha.
Sholay is the character of Kaalia.
Sholay is the character of Mausi.
Sholay is the character of Rahim Chacha.
Sholay is the character of Ahmed.
Sholay is the character of Soorma Bhopali.
Sholay is the actor of A. K. Hangal.
Sholay is the actor of Natalie Wood.
Sholay is the actor of Leela Mishra.
Sholay is the actor of Asrani.
Sholay is the actor of Charlie Chaplin.
Sholay is the actor of Keshto Mukherjee.
Sholay is the singer of Mohammed Rafi.
Sholay is the actor of Danny Denzongpa.
Sholay is the actor of Shatrughan Sinha.
Sholay is the actor of Pran.
Sholay is the actor of Jagdeep.
Sholay is the actor of Gian Maria Volontè.
Sholay is the influence of George Roy Hill.
Sholay is the influence of Akira Kurosawa.
Sholay is the influence of Sergio Leone.
Sholay is the influence of Sam Peckinpah.
Sholay is the influence of John Sturges.
Sholay is the author of Taroon Kumar Bhaduri.
Sholay is the actor of Jalal Agha.
Sholay is the actor of Iftekhar.
Sholay is the actor of Helen.
Sholay is the actor of Viju Khote.
Sholay is the actor of Satyen Kappu.
Plastic Film is the features of Horse.
Plastic Film is the mentions of Tagline.
Plastic Film is the character of Thakur.
Thakur is the opponent of Gabbar.
Sippy directs Plastic Film.
Koushik Banerjea is the analysis of Plastic Film.
Plastic Film is the character of Jai.
Plastic Film is the character of Veeru.
Jai is the friends of Veeru.
Jai is the opponent of Gabbar Singh.
Jai is the relationship of Radha.
Jai is the relationship of Basanti.
Veeru is the relationship of Basanti.
R. D. Burman is the music composer of Plastic Film.
Anand Bakshi is the lyricist of Plastic Film.
Amitabh Bachchan is the actor of Plastic Film.
William Van Heide is the comparison of Plastic Film.
Demis Roussos is the song artist of Plastic Film.
Himesh Reshammiya is the song artist of Plastic Film.
Ravi Shankar Mahadevan is the song artist of Plastic Film.
Udit Narayan is the song artist of Plastic Film.
Indira Gandhi is the mentions of Plastic Film.
Ziauddin Sardar is the critic of Plastic Film.
Soorma Bhopali is the character of Plastic Film.
Maithili Rao is the critic of Plastic Film.
Dina Holtzman is the critic of Plastic Film.
Oli Marlow is the critic of Plastic Film.
Shoma A. Chatterji is the critic of Plastic Film.
K.L. Amladi is the critic of Plastic Film.
Michael Gallagher is the critic of Plastic Film.
Sholay is the winner of filmfare award of M. S. Shinde.
Sholay is the best actor in supporting role of Amjad Khan.
Sholay is the best camera operator ( colour ) of Dwarka Divecha.
Sholay is the best art director of Ram Yedekar.
Sholay is the iconic performance of Amitabh Bachchan.
Sholay plays Kulbhushan Kharbanda.
Sholay plays Amrish Puri.
Sholay plays Amrish Puri.
Sholay is the iconic villain of Gabbar Singh.
Sholay revolutionizes G.P. Sippy.
Sholay is the author of sholay : a cultural indication ( 1992 ) of Wimal Dissanayake.
Sholay is the author of sholay : a cultural indication ( 1992 ) of Malti Sahai.
Sholay is the author of sholay : the making of a classic ( 2000 ) of Anupama Chopra.
Sholay describes Shekhar Kapur.
Sholay is the grandson of g.p . sippy of Sasha Sippy.
Sholay is the grandson of g.p . sippy of Shaan Uttam Singh.
Sholay is the computer animator for 3d conversion of sholay of Frank Foster.
Sholay is the original hand-animator for 3d conversion of sholay of Glen Gebhard Khan.
Sholay involves Javed Akhtar.
Sholay involves Bachchan.
Sholay involves Dharmendra.