Nelly Furtado is the record label of Geffen Records.
Nelly Furtado is the record label of Mosley Music Group.
Nelly Furtado is the record label of Dreamworks Records.
Nelly Furtado is the record label of Interscope Geffen A&M.
Nelly Furtado is the collaborator of Timbaland.
Nelly Furtado is the collaborator of Danja.
Nelly Furtado is the plagiarism victim of Janne Suni.
Nelly Furtado is the collaborator of Justin Timberlake.
Nelly Furtado is the collaborator of Lil Wayne.
Nelly Furtado is the collaborator of Chris Martin.
Nelly Furtado is the collaborator of Nellee Hooper.
Nelly Furtado is the collaborator of Lester Mendez.
Nelly Furtado is the collaborator of Pharrell.
Nelly Furtado is the collaborator of Scott Storch.
Nelly Furtado is the collaborator of Juanes.
Nelly Furtado is the collaborator of Kinky.
Nelly Furtado is the collaborator of Nowels.
Nelly Furtado is the collaborator of John Griffith.
Nelly Furtado is the collaborator of Isaac Merrit Singer.
Nelly Furtado features Timbaland'S Remix & Soundtrack Collection.
Nelly Furtado is the relationship of Jasper Gahunia.
Nelly Furtado is the relationship of Calle 13.
Nelly Furtado is the relationship of Timbaland.
Nelly Furtado is the relationship of Chris Martin.
Nelly Furtado is the relationship of Juanes.
Nelly Furtado is the relationship of Justin Timberlake.
Nelly Furtado is the relationship of Nickelback.
Nelly Furtado is the relationship of The Pussycat Dolls.
Nelly Furtado is the relationship of Madonna.
Nelly Furtado is the relationship of Emily Haines.
Nelly Furtado is the relationship of Isaac Singer.
Nelly Furtado is the relationship of Gwen Stefani.
Furtado is the involvement in development of Geffen.
Furtado is the involvement in development of Iovine.
Furtado criticizes Janet Jackson.
Furtado is the unauthorized use of music of Janne Suni.
Timbaland is the unauthorized use of music of Janne Suni.
Timbaland is the dispute of Hannu Sormunen.
Mikko V채lim채ki is the copyright infringement of Muhlis Akarsu.
Nelly Furtado criticizes Joe.
Nelly Furtado criticizes Gloria Steinem.
Nelly Furtado is the unauthorized use of music of Timbaland.
Nelly Furtado is the legal case filed of Mikko V채lim채ki.