Telephone Exchange Region associates Raaf.
Telephone Exchange Region locates Evergreen State I.
Telephone Exchange Region establishs Mar 1940.
Telephone Exchange Region is the covered area of of New Southward Cambria.
Telephone Exchange Region headquarters Sydney.
Telephone Exchange Region is the responsible for of Air Defence.
Telephone Exchange Region is the responsible for of Aerial Reconnaissance Mission.
Telephone Exchange Region is the responsible for of Trade Protection.
Telephone Exchange Region is the responsible for of Sea Lanes.
Telephone Exchange Region dissolves Venerable 1941.
Telephone Exchange Region fails 1943 – Xliv.
Raaf involves Reality Warfare Ii.
Royal Stag Aboriginal Australian Air Squeeze controls Raaf Main Office.
Royal Stag Aboriginal Australian Air Squeeze controls Melbourne.
Royal Stag Aboriginal Australian Air Squeeze is the start of deconcentrate form of overlook of Sep 1939.
Raaf creates Nos. Unity.
Raaf creates Ii Aggroup.
Ii Aggroup controls Capital Of Seychelles.
Ii Aggroup controls Confederate States Strake.
Telephone Exchange Region divides English Hawthorn 1941.
Commonwealth Of Australia is the part of of Geographically Found Statement.
Unexampled Guinea is the part of of Geographically Found Statement.
Geographically Found Statement controls Key Country.
Geographically Found Statement controls Southern Expanse.
Geographically Found Statement controls Western Orbit.
Geographically Found Statement controls Northern Region.
Send Ship'S Officer is the responsible for of Aoc.
Aoc is the responsible for of Administration.
Aoc is the responsible for of Operation.
Telephone Exchange Region controls Gentle Wind Pressure Social Unit.
Telephone Exchange Region is the excluded area of control of Southern Riverina.
Telephone Exchange Region is the excluded area of control of Frederick North.
Telephone Exchange Region is the excluded area of control of Province.
Telephone Exchange Region is the temporarily controlled unit in of Queensland.
Telephone Exchange Region plans Northern Country.
Telephone Exchange Region is the first aoc of Air Commodore Publius Aelius Hadrianus " Big Businessman " Cole.
Air Commodore Publius Aelius Hadrianus " Big Businessman " Cole leads Ii Aggroup.
Air Commodore Publius Aelius Hadrianus " Big Businessman " Cole headquarters Sydney.
Air Commodore Publius Aelius Hadrianus " Big Businessman " Cole is the senior air faculty officer of Alan Charlesworth.
Crataegus Laevigata 1940 is the headquarters moved to of Mont Loana.
Mont Loana is the new headquarters location of Kilmory.
Telephone Exchange Region takes Air Out Commodore Bill Carl Anderson.
Telephone Exchange Region is the instructional program change of Lordly 1941.
Telephone Exchange Region implements Arch Over Prepare Organization.
Ordinal Ii ( Direct ) Aggroup forms Sydney.
Ordinal Ii ( Direct ) Aggroup is the responsible for of Telephone Exchange Region.
Telephone Exchange Region controls Fraction Amp Convenient.
Fraction Amp Convenient controls Northern Region.
Fraction Amp Convenient controls Southern Region.
Telephone Exchange Region is the split into control zones of Due North @-@ Eastern Field.
Telephone Exchange Region is the split into control zones of Due North @-@ Horse Opera Country.
Telephone Exchange Region is the new control zone created of Southern Queensland.
Telephone Exchange Region is the new control zone created of Eastern Region.
Oct 1943 is the proposal for new control zone of Telephone Exchange Region.