Hurricane Omar occurs Caribbean Sea.
Hurricane Omar is the affected of United States.
Hurricane Omar originates Africa.
Hurricane Omar enters Atlantic Ocean.
Hurricane Omar dissipates Acores.
Hurricane Omar causes Antigua And Barbuda.
Hurricane Omar causes Puerto Rico.
Hurricane Omar causes Virgin Islands.
Hurricane Omar causes Sint Maarten.
Hurricane Omar causes Dominica.
Hurricane Omar causes Anguilla.
Hurricane Omar causes Barbuda.
Hurricane Omar causes St. Croix.
Antoine Clairiard Diamond State Choiseul De Beaupré is the member of College Of Cardinals.
Jean-François-Joseph De Rochechouart is the member of College Of Cardinals.
Franz Christoph Freiherr Von Hutten Zubird Stolzenfels is the member of College Of Cardinals.
Louis-César-Constantin De Rohan-Guéménée is the member of College Of Cardinals.
College Of Cardinals opposes Society Of Jesus.
College Of Cardinals aligns Bourbon Dynasty.
College Of Cardinals aligns French Republic.
College Of Cardinals aligns Spain.
College Of Cardinals aligns Naples.
Lorenzo Ganganelli opposes Society Of Jesus.
Flavio Chigi is the member of College Of Cardinals.
Chief Joseph 2 is the member of College Of Cardinals.
Richmondena Cardinalis De Bernis is the member of College Of Cardinals.
Charles Iii Of Spain is the member of Spain.
Ferdinand The Catholic 3 Of Sicily is the member of Naples.
Ferdinand The Catholic 4 Of Naples is the member of Naples.
Solis is the member of College Of Cardinals.
De Lah Cerda is the member of College Of Cardinals.
Azpuru is the member of Spain.
Malvezzi is the member of Spain.
Giovanni Francesco Albani is the member of College Of Cardinals.
Alessandro Albani is the member of College Of Cardinals.
Lorenzo Ricci is the member of Society Of Jesus.
Clement 13 is the member of College Of Cardinals.
Clement 14 is the member of College Of Cardinals.
Carlo Rezzonico is the member of College Of Cardinals.
Federico Marcello Lante is the member of College Of Cardinals.
Gian Francesco Albani is the member of College Of Cardinals.
Henry Benedict Stuart is the member of College Of Cardinals.