Lock Haven is the county seat of Dewitt Clinton County.
Lock Haven is the location of Susquehanna River.
Lock Haven is the location of Bald Eagle Creek.
Lock Haven is the principal city of Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Lock Haven is the part of statistical area of Williamsport.
Lock Haven is the population of Lock Haven.
Lock Haven is the earliest settlement of Pre-Columbian People.
Europeans is the first contact of Pennsylvania.
Iroquois rules Lock Haven.
Munsee Settlement is the location of Bald Eagle Creek.
Kittanning Expedition puts Munsee Settlement.
Fort Stanwix is the control transfer of Iroquois.
Jeremiah Church is the site selection of Ithiel Town.
Pennsylvania is the railroad construction of Sunbury And Erie Railroad.
Pennsylvania is the railroad construction of Philadelphia And Erie Railroad.
Pennsylvania is the railroad construction of Tyrone And Lock Haven Railroad.
Pennsylvania is the railroad construction of Pennsylvania Railroad.
Piper Aircraft Company locates Lock Haven.
William T. Piper is the founder of Piper Aircraft Company.
Clinton County Historical Society opens Piper Aircraft Company.
Lock Haven locates Pennsylvania.
University Of Pennsylvania locates Pennsylvania.
Drake Chemical locates Lock Haven.
Hurricane Agnes causes Lock Haven.
Hurricane Agnes causes Drake Chemical.
Susquehanna River is the flows through of Lock Haven.
Lock Haven is the location of Clinton County.
Lock Haven University locates Lock Haven.
Interlock Oasis Hospital locates Lock Haven.
Lock Haven University is the hosts events of Sloan Auditorium.
Lock Haven University is the hosts events of Sloan Fine Art Gallery.
Millbrook Mansion locates Lock Haven.
Jaycees is the hosts event of Lock Haven.
Lock Haven is the hosts event of Airfest.
Lock Haven is the hosts event of Allhallows Eve Parade.
Lock Haven locates Piper Air Museum.
Heisey House locates Lock Haven.
Pennsylvania Historical And Museum Commission locates Lock Haven.
Water Street District locates Lock Haven.
Memorial Park Site 36Cn164 locates Lock Haven.
The Express locates Lock Haven.
The Double Eagle locates Lock Haven.
Wbpz locates Lock Haven.
Wsqv locates Lock Haven.
Havenscope locates Lock Haven.
Wlhu locates Lock Haven.
Hanna Park locates Lock Haven.
Hoberman Park locates Lock Haven.
Curl Haven City Beach locates Lock Haven.
Lynchpin School District locates Clinton County.
Central Mountain Middle School locates Lock Haven.
Central Mountain High School locates Lock Haven.
Lock Haven Christian School locates Lock Haven.
Lock Haven Catholic School locates Lock Haven.
Lock Haven University Of Pennsylvania locates Lock Haven.
Lock Haven Taxi locates Lock Haven.
Fullington Trailways locates Lock Haven.
Susquehanna River Trailways locates Lock Haven.
Penn Cycle Route G locates Lock Haven.
Norfolk Southern Railway locates Lock Haven.
William T. Piper Memorial Airport locates Lock Haven.
Ppl locates Lock Haven.
Verizon Communications locates Lock Haven.
Comcast locates Lock Haven.
Wayne Township Water Distribution System locates Lock Haven.
Clinton County Solid Waste Authority locates Lock Haven.
Lock Haven Hospital locates Lock Haven.
Susque-View Home locates Lock Haven.
Behavioral Health Clinic locates Lock Haven.
Brittani Franz Kline associates Lock Haven University.
John French Sloan bears Lock Haven.
Alison Bechdel is the resides in of Lock Haven.
Richard Lipez is the resides in of Lock Haven.
John Sloan Dickey is the resides in of Lock Haven.
Kermit Lipez is the resides in of Lock Haven.