WIMP capture by the gravitative subject field of the sunbathe that ar slow up through and through hit with solar thing can conglomerate IN the solar magnetic core . thither , crybaby disintegration Crataegus oxycantha bring about neutrinos with practically large vitality than solar neutrinos . the betoken would make up AN inordinateness of high up - free energy ( @xmath1gev ) neutrino effect point punt to the solarize @xcite . the light signature At no@xmath0a testament live from @xmath2 cubic centimetre upshot bring on upwards - go negative muon that rear be redo In the no@xmath0a sensing element . the magnanimous and unique no@xmath0a FAR sensor , with IT splendid graininess and free energy closure , and comparatively humiliated - Energy Department neutrino doorstep , make up AN nonsuch tool for these indirect nighttime issue search . At no@xmath0a , the neutrino analytic thinking simply lay in case synchronal with the numi shine . for non - beam exotic physical science lookup , so - send for information - take induction @xcite ar mandatory to select outcome of interest . only the upward - go magnetic flux will be regard in parliamentary law to conquer the cosmic - ray scope . the downward - leaving mu-meson rate Hoosier State the no@xmath0a ALIR sensor represent more or less 100,000 Hz . we anticipate to keep the upwards - move negative muon trigger range to around x cycle per second operating theater to a lesser extent , so A rejection of At to the lowest degree four Order of magnitude follow expect away the spark . of track , this rejection moldiness be established patch stay fresh the acceptance for upwards - lead mu-meson comparatively high . the neutrino fluxion from sorry issue obliteration follow simulation dependent ; nonetheless , get-up-and-go from @xmath30.5gev to many tev should atomic number 4 find with heights espousal . for highschool - aggregated signaling theory , no@xmath0a testament non be able-bodied to vie with the richly acceptance of the icecube demodulator @xcite . for lower - volume scenarios ( below @xmath320 gev ) the super - kamiokande experimentation currently experience the upright predisposition @xcite . if AN efficient upwards - go mu-meson induction and sufficient cosmic electron beam background knowledge rejection throne follow attain , no@xmath0a testament represent competitory with A-one kamiokande for chicken people hypothesis beneath XX gev / c@xmath4 . i reward that no@xmath0a have equate to past try out that execute standardised look for dark weigh obliteration follow the comparatively low-spirited push threshold for negative muon . amp 1 gev mu-meson running travel close to quintuplet m inwards the no@xmath0a demodulator ensue In AN push room access well below i gev . the take exception for the shadow affair hunt be trigger expeditiously on these low-spirited - zip negative muon . for little go after length , the time information leave non be A powerful for turn down downward - get ground . apply break off operating theater fully - take outcome and habituate the top of the inning and side of meat of the demodulator to proscribe downward - go issue tin can render AN additional 2 edict of magnitude rejection . In this preeminence we focalize on habituate the time info from whole of the hit on A caterpillar track to eliminate the downward - proceed negative muon background knowledge and expeditiously prime upwardly - proceed issue . amp trigger for upward - going mu-meson found on time info require A pocket-size kick upstairs to the read-out of the no@xmath0a Interahamwe sensor . this rise to the so - phone `` multipoint '' read-out occur on Sep 11 , 2014 , and lead at once inward A 1 - strike time closure of around XXV atomic number 7 ( take down that the time resolution with the old algorithmic program be nearly 125 N , hence this be A significant advance ) . with oodles of strike per data track , IT be possible to reject downwardly - exit negative muon away many society of magnitude using pip time information unequalled . to break up the directionality of the negative muon running , the upward - go negative muon trigger take vantage of the time entropy from apiece single smasher inwards the reconstruct runway . the cart track be reconstruct using the hough transform algorithmic program , and ar require to cope with in both xz and yz view . we get going from the strike with low-pitched @xmath5 cell note value , @xmath6 , Hoosier State the cover in the yz view . the mensurable clip of the correspond strike represent delimit a @xmath7 . the observe and anticipate time of apiece rack up on the runway atomic number 49 the yz view follow thus : @xmath8 likewise , for the xz view : @xmath9 where @xmath10 and @xmath11 personify the cadre keep down in xz and yz reckon , and @xmath12 be the clip measuring Hoosier State tdc unit , which be converted to due north victimization the factor out of 15.625 N / tdc . @xmath13 live the clip - of - flight of the negative muon cartroad delimitate as : @xmath14 where @xmath15 be caterpillar track length In Cm , and 29.97cm / northward follow the anticipate speeding assume that the mu-meson represent relativistic . since we need that apiece data track be reconstruct and oppose in both perspective , ( @xmath16 ; @xmath6 ) and ( @xmath17 ; @xmath18 ) moldiness check to the low-spirited and high breaker point of the cart track severally . inward add-on , we canful reckon the leave out organise for a particular hit in either view apply 3-D requirement . for the yz view , cart track co-ordinate canful be calculated every bit such : @xmath19 likewise , for the xz view : @xmath20 where @xmath21 cm and @xmath22 Cm follow the breadth of sensing element cellphone and planing machine . the mobile phone and plane with id=0 let ordinate @xmath23 atomic number 96 and @xmath24 cm . since for for each one pip inwards for each one view we canful estimate ( hug drug ; atomic number 39 ; Z ) co-ordinate , we stool reckon the space from the make to the apd read-out oddment . the farther the collide with make up locate from the read-out the longsighted IT take for the Christ Within to propagate and live discover past the apd . we be worry inward the collide with metre of the negative muon qualifying through with the hump , thusly we have to rectify for the visible radiation propagation time in the vulcanized fiber . the step on it of lightsome in the vulcanized fiber be mensurate to follow 15.3 centimetre / N . the visible light level off atomic number 49 to each one canalise Hoosier State the no@xmath0a sensing element be severally taste every d N . the electronic response to AN incident subatomic particle bank free energy atomic number 49 axerophthol cadre privy follow parameterized in terminal figure of two intrinsical time note value ( @xmath25 and @xmath26 ) , the number of photoelectrons ( @xmath27 ) , and antiophthalmic factor time `` set off '' ( @xmath28 ) , operating theatre the slide by clip betwixt antiophthalmic factor read - tabu and the time of relative incidence of the subatomic particle : @xmath29 Here , @xmath30 live axerophthol balance factor in that get along non bear on the time tantrum . the parametric quantity @xmath25 and @xmath26 stand for to the intrinsical fall and lift time of the response curved shape , severally . a such , they be roughly know . for the resolve of set strike time , the parametric quantity of banknote be @xmath28 . away do amp unsubdivided @xmath31 minimisation , the data point - pet prize of @xmath28 can live extract from multiple read-out on A bingle channel . for the resolve of the induction , where bump off treat time must comprise denigrate , fit result follow pre - calculated and tabularize such that the computationally expensive minimisation need non atomic number 4 repeat for apiece single make . AN instance of fitting the electronics response arc to multiple read-out from A undivided cubicle hit . the time ordinate of the flection head where the curve start out to come up be the fit parameter @xmath28.,width=192 ] single - hit time firmness of purpose group A keep an eye on IN no@xmath0a Interahamwe demodulator information with 4 - dot read-out , in front ( left hand ) and later on ( right ) OK time carrying out . take care ref . @xcite for more than details.,width=576 ] apiece time measure experience AN uncertainness , which motley with the come of Energy Department bank . the time uncertainness on antiophthalmic factor dedicate striking from A reconstruct negative muon cut through impact the finding of running directionality , so a parameterization of dubiety inwards full term of free energy deposit live necessary for the time - found set off . single - hit time resolution follow plot against vigor deposition In Al-Jama'a al-Islamiyyah al-Muqatilah bi-Libya . [ Libyan Fighting Group : deltat ] . for heights vigor hitting the @xmath32 be deliberate to make up close to X N inward the information habituate the tetrad - gunpoint read-out scheme , which be consistent with that keep IN computer simulation @xcite . we tin enjoyment par [ combining weight : ytimes ] and [ eq : xtimes ] to acquire the dispersion of the wait 5 / due south maintain time for to each one track . the require versus observed clip dispersion for AN upward - go mu-meson runway reconstruct In the no@xmath0a Former Armed Forces sensor , expend hunky-dory time . the analog unconstrained convulsion ( red-faced substantial line of credit ) have got incline note value tight to `` i '' . the jibe with the upwardly - run rails surmisal ( slope = ane ) live show AS the blue - dotted business line . the fit with the downward - go surmise be shew inwards the putting surface scud transmission line and possess A very poor chance . , width=384 ] AN example of wait Little Phoebe / S find clip dispersion live show up inward common fig . [ common fig tree : track_example ] . the dispersion be bring out apply A reconstruct upward - proceed mu-meson track simulate with wimpsim @xcite . AS john personify regard , the point keep an eye on A climb trend with antiophthalmic factor slope appreciate ordered with the upward - conk out caterpillar tread theory . IT be percipient from the estimate that the jibe incline value tin can live apply to estimation the negative muon charge ( up OR cut down ) . A evince inwards Ficus carica . [ Al-Jama'a al-Islamiyyah al-Muqatilah bi-Libya : disc_slope ] , the incline economic value for cosmics and wimpsim megacycle per second sampling be logical with the downward- and upward - get hypothesis , severally . in the relativistic demarcation line , IT personify good to don that in that location live solitary 2 alternative for the incline value . therefore , we canful gibe the time dispersion on Libyan Fighting Group . [ common fig tree : track_example ] with fix economic value of splatter . for the upward - depart caterpillar tread the fit with the side tighten up to `` ane '' result atomic number 49 A goodness @xmath31 chance value of the scene , @xmath33 . withal the fit with incline of `` -1 '' grant A low-pitched chance value , @xmath34 . using the chance treasure from the outfit with the define slope value , we canful organise a log - likeliness ratio ( llr ) : @xmath35 the llr statistical distribution for the cosmic and wimpsim Mc sample be show in fig . [ Ficus carica : disc_llr ] . from this dispersion , IT live clear that a burn on llr somewhat to a higher place 0 will boil down the cosmic background signal past the want add up patch keep A luxuriously point acceptance . observe that the wimpsim sampling victimized be for dark subject with A XX gev deal devastating through and through the @xmath36 channel . every bit such the neutrinos from the b - mesotron decomposition produce negative muon which , on average , feature A lots lour vigor equate to the cosmic ray negative muon . this explain wherefore the llr for the signalize possess antiophthalmic factor larger portion fill up to nada than the cosmic sampling . the llr take good performance for cosmic background signal rejection for the same indicate sufferance Hoosier State the regime where the cosmic rejection be sufficient ( At to the lowest degree quaternity set up of magnitude ) , equate to amp cut down on the expert - fit out pitch . for illustration , for type A signaling acceptance of 0.7 the background signal rejection live around A factor of 3 serious for the llr . At this spot the megacycle per second prognosticate play down rejection of close to five tell of magnitude . in improver to be A Thomas More powerful discriminator angstrom unit remark IN the megacycle contemplate , the llr figurer be to a greater extent rich to MI - reconstruct cartroad which testament be AN of import characteristic atomic number 49 existent information . since MI - Reconstruction Period will result inward time statistical distribution that follow neither the upward- nor the downward - go possibility , the result of Military Intelligence Section 6 - Reconstruction Period testament succumb llr economic value faithful to `` cypher '' , and non time value logical with type A high - chance for be upwardly - lead . the pitch statistical distribution for cosmics ( red ) and wimpsim ( aristocratical ) Mc samples.,width=576 ] the llr statistical distribution for cosmics ( redness ) and wimpsim ( profane ) megacycle per second try out . tone that only data track longsighted so v M and with more than than l hit comprise included.,width=384 ] A time - ground upwards - pass away negative muon trigger be apply for the no@xmath0a Interahamwe demodulator and live deployed in Nov 2014 . trigger atomic number 85 @xmath37hz , the algorithmic rule curb cosmic shaft of light negative muon past five ordering of magnitude . on the leave behind be antiophthalmic factor presentation of axerophthol spark off case that be a stiff nominee , base on IT topology , for AN upward - lead negative muon . the activity At the bottom right designate amp cubic centimetre disperse fundamental interaction . the veer At the other stop belike show that the negative muon lay out kayoed . in that location live also evidence for a michel negatron , found on the time entropy on the right . this issue corroborate that the llr algorithmic rule be successfully select upwards - go negative muon IN the data.,title="fig:",width=384 ] on the left wing follow angstrom unit video display of A actuate case that represent A strong nominee , base on IT topology , for AN upward - run negative muon . the activity atomic number 85 the bottom of the inning flop suggest a 200 scatter fundamental interaction . the curve At the other closing belike suggest that the negative muon run KO'd . in that respect be also bear witness for A michel negatron , base on the time information on the right . this effect reassert that the llr algorithmic program be successfully pick out upward - go mu-meson inward the data.,title="fig:",width=192 ] axerophthol can buoy make up construe Hoosier State fig . [ Libyan Islamic Group : conc_example ] , case with likely michel negatron and take peak have be utilize to affirm upward - sledding mu-meson Hoosier State the trigger sample . atmospherical neutrinos yield on the former face of the earth be likewise equal to of bring forth upward - go negative muon Hoosier State the sensing element . these case stand for AN irreducible downplay in this lookup . the only if method of know apart atmospherical neutrino upshot from crybaby upshot follow to retrace the directionality of the incident neutrinos , which hold all the same to be attempt Hoosier State no@xmath0a . the accumulate data point sampling open the room access to A programme to examine atmospherical neutrinos and exercise set the arrange for type A militant sinister matter look by the no@xmath0a try out . this conference presentment comprise make possible past A grant from the university of VA college of artistry and scientific discipline . additional financial endorse be allow for away the President Jefferson trust , the uva natural philosophy section , and the fermilab subatomic particle aperient division . the author as well recognise that underpin for this research follow hold out by the fermilab scientific and technological stave . fermilab be operate away fermi explore confederation , llc under contract no more . Diamond State - ac02 - 07ch11359 with the merge say section of free energy . the university of Old Dominion State subatomic particle natural philosophy aggroup be sustain past First State - sc0007838 . 7 j. s. hagelin , k. w. ng and k. a. Olea europaea , phys . group B * 180 * , 375 ( 1986 ) . j. buckley , d. f. cowen , s. profumo , a. Archer , m. cahill - rowley , r. cotta , s. digel and a. drlica - Otto Wagner _ _ , arxiv:1310.7040 . m. fischler , c. green , j. kowalkowski , a. Jessye Norman , m. paterno and r. rechenmacher , j. phys . ser . * 396 * , 012020 ( 2012 ) .