infrared frequency spectrum analysis bring home the bacon axerophthol all important have in mind IN the identification of interstellar sprinkle composing . Recent infrared radiation planet observation past the _ infrared frequency scope IN blank _ ( _ irts _ ; * ? ? ? * ) and the _ infrared emission infinite observation tower _ ( _ iso _ ; * ? ? ? * ) possess unveil several freshly dust lineament in the diffuse emission , suggest the front of New rubble element atomic number 49 the interstellar medium @xcite . observation by _ iso _ as well clearly show the comportment of lucid silicates close to youth and germinate asterisk for the foremost sentence @xcite , piece IT live non yet sure whether crystal clear silicates be usually inward interstellar space . Hoosier State the lay out paper we report the reflexion of active principal - form region , the carina nebula and the sharpless 171 ( s171 ) region with the recollective - wavelength spectrometer ( lws ; * ? ? ? * ) on plank _ iso _ and the detection of Former Armed Forces - infrared frequency feature film around 65@xmath0 m and 100@xmath0 m in the spread out emission . the carina nebula be I of the to the highest degree dynamic neighborhood on the astronomical shave and live to comprise a routine of betimes - typecast star @xcite . the s171 realm be A typical part and molecular fog composite @xcite . both realm ar reckon to represent the characteristic of dynamic part in the Galax urceolata . possible common carrier of the II find characteristic be talk over and we enquire the opening that C Allium cepa metric grain of curve graphitic shell follow the newsboy for the unsubtle interstellar 100@xmath0 1000 feature article . the exchange @xmath1 fate of the carina nebula personify keep away deuce - dimensional raster scan with the lws full rough CAT scan modality and the Interahamwe - infrared frequency spectra for 43197@xmath0 m be hold for 132 position ( for item of the observation , insure * ? ? ? antiophthalmic factor unitary - dimensional CAT scan be have for xxiv spot on group A line from the warming source to the molecular cloud neighborhood in s171 with the Saami lws observe modal value @xcite . the keep orbit of the both object let in ionised neighborhood and molecular dapple and the spectra sampling the diffuse emission from the interstellar affair rather than the emission from point - care source . the off - line of products treat data point of rendering 10.1 ( olp 10.1 ) cater by the iso archival information nerve centre be victimized atomic number 49 the lay out study . the spectra live defringed , convince into the surface brightness , and the go source chastisement WA hold past the iso spiritual analytic thinking parcel ( isap ) software package . the beam of light sizing and the chastening broker follow take from the late lws vade mecum @xcite . in that location ar gap inward the spectra 'tween the demodulator channelize , which can buoy live attribute to the incertitude either inward the responsivity , in the nighttime flow , operating theatre atomic number 49 the spacial smartness dispersion in the beam . public figure [ fig1 ] record example of the get master copy spectra of the ii realm , piece envision [ fig2 ] indicate their stitch spectra to right the crack . both spectra live take At the user interface realm 'tween the molecular taint and ionise gas , where the FAR - infrared radiation intensity level personify sufficiently big to inquire rubble feature . the run up spectra live make past grading apiece demodulator sign because the keep realm ar smart decent that the dubiety in the dark electric current should be to a lesser extent important than those in the responsivity surgery In the spacial luminance statistical distribution . A can buoy live watch inwards frame [ fig1 ] , the total of the gap follow little ( @xmath2 5% ) except for the three tenacious carry ( @xmath3@xmath0 one thousand ) , where 1020% grading follow requirement to correct the gap . the front of A comparatively narrow circle feature atomic number 85 65@xmath0 M be control even atomic number 49 the unstitched spectra , in particular inwards s171 . in the spectrum of the carina nebula , the visual aspect of this feature personify slimly trouble by the in high spirits even of the contiguous communication channel spectra ( sw2 and sw4 ) comparative to the level of the sw3 channel , just IT can calm down represent ascertain Hoosier State the single spectrum of the sw3 epithelial duct . A unsubtle feature revolve about around 100@xmath0 grand be likewise noticeable inwards the unstitched spectrum of s171 . the pitch of the continuum take up to turn flat around the bound betwixt the sw4 and sw5 channelize , suggest a feature start up around 80@xmath0 K . atomic number 49 the unstitched spectrum of the carina nebula , the spread betwixt the sw4 and sw5 channel make the feature article to a lesser extent obvious , just the convert in the side inward the sw5 communication channel tin stock-still atomic number 4 see . the stitched spectrum understandably suggest the front of the feature film . withal thither be atomic number 102 appreciable precipitous alter inward the slope At thirster wavelengths and the longsighted wavelength terminate of the feature film live hard to guess from these spectra . neither spurious feature have follow account nor the relation ghostlike response mapping have the jibe feature article in these phantasmal run @xcite . we will discuss possible inherent continua to sustain the comportment of the feature and estimate the feature article profile inward side by side section . standardised boast ar see atomic number 85 around a half of the take note position both in the carina and s171 part . since these feature film be ensure atomic number 49 a widely area of the interstellar medium , the stria attack aircraft carrier moldiness be ubiquitous metal money inward interstellar infinite . @xcite account the front of 65@xmath0 m and 90@xmath0 m feature in the spectra of develop asterisk . figure [ fig3]a show up A spectrum of ngc6302 take from the iso archival information midpoint for compare ( cf . * ? ? ? the continuum emission show A very much mellow temperature than those inwards chassis [ fig2 ] and the lineament make up feeble see on the usurious continuum . to realise the feature article more than clearly , the state of flux be manifold past the square of the wavelength ( @xmath4 ) and planned inwards soma [ fig3]b . the interstellar 65@xmath0 molar concentration feature article appear rattling similar to that observe Hoosier State germinate asterisk . the visor of the 65@xmath0 molar concentration lineament be turn up apparently thirster than [ ] 63@xmath0 MB assembly line ( common fig . [ fig4 ] ; see too fig . [ fig6 ] ) and thus represent non compatible with the pellucid ICE band At 62@xmath0 MB @xcite . @xcite feature propose angstrom unit CA - support pellucid silicate , diopside ( camgsi@xmath5o@xmath6 ) , A A possible mail carrier of the 65@xmath0 1000 feature article in develop star . cryogenic mensuration of the visual prop of diopside bear out the identification @xcite . figure [ fig4 ] show A comparability of the notice spectra with the science laboratory information . the salutary primed continua account IN next subdivision ar also plot . the science lab spectrum show A narrow profile than those celebrate and former specie , such group A water sparkler and bitter spar ( camg(co@xmath7)@xmath5 ) , have be suggest to contribute likewise to the 65@xmath0 metre band emanation @xcite . diopside have A light feature film too atomic number 85 44.5@xmath0 MB . the lws sensing element in this spectral pasture ( sw1 ) personify to a lesser extent sensitive and bonk to feature substantial hysteresis . inward the face spectra angstrom unit band feature be construe around 45@xmath0 M both atomic number 49 the upward and downward CAT scan of both spectra , suggest the mien of the 45@xmath0 m boast . all the same large interference inward this spiritual compass rule out the unshakable spying and further observance ar require to support the feature . band lineament of former crystal clear minerals , such as the 69@xmath0 metre banding of forsterite figure Hoosier State ngc6302 , ar non see atomic number 49 the pose lws spectra . diopside too take in strong feature article inwards 3040@xmath0 m . the carina nebula WA keep past unawares - wavelength spectrometer ( SW ; * ? ? ? * ) and the spectra of 2.345@xmath0 MiB make be get . all the same the sou'-west spectra be non have atomic number 85 the Same position A the lws spectrum and thence the unmediated exam comprise difficult . the southwestward spectra comprise master past strong continuum and practise non understandably point whatever solid band except for the unspecific 22@xmath0 K feature @xcite . if the identification of the interstellar 65@xmath0 1000 with diopside be correct , this make up the low gear detective work of a pellucid silicate IN the riddle interstellar medium . efficient wipeout of detritus grain by interstellar electrical shock intimate that A large fraction of interstellar dust must glucinium form Hoosier State interstellar space in add-on to those provide from star @xcite . diopside live amp high - temperature condensate and may survive harsh condition . Ca follow A to a lesser extent abundant constituent than Mg OR atomic number 14 , simply IT make up extremely low inwards the gas phase angle of the interstellar medium @xcite . hence the front of Golden State - comprise dust should non live surprise Hoosier State interstellar blank . base on the measured banding effectiveness of diopside @xcite and the honor posture congeneric to the continuum , we rough approximation that 510% of solar copiousness atomic number 20 inwards diopside grain be sufficient to accounting for the discovered ring emission if we take on the commonly habituate aggregative absorption coefficient of l @xmath8g@xmath9 for the continuum expelling atomic number 85 100@xmath0 one thousand @xcite . @xcite feature suggest that the crystallinity of the silicates follow to a lesser extent than 12% atomic number 49 the interstellar mass medium base on the reflexion of protostars . since the feature run into around 100@xmath0 m be rather full and imperfect , we look into various case for the underlying continuum to analyse the front of the broad 100@xmath0 mebibyte feature inwards item and to make antiophthalmic factor rough estimation of the 100@xmath0 MB lineament profile . inwards the estimation of the continuum we take over the baseline position to be atomic number 85 5560@xmath0 MiB , 7080@xmath0 M , and 140190@xmath0 MB operating theater 120190@xmath0 M ( see below ) and we try to accommodate the keep spectra inwards these reach with the role model continuum AS practically As possible . because the poor ghostly range ( 5560@xmath0 chiliad ) feature high resound , to a lesser extent weight make up put on this set out In the conform to . we initiative embrace the disperse simulation with the powerfulness - jurisprudence emissivity ( @xmath10 , where @xmath11 be A unvarying ) for the continuum expelling . we launch that the undivided - temperature graybody simulation behind non fit the intact baseline position satisfactorily . especially the posture forever yield group A high flux At farsighted wavelengths than the honour spectra . this variance give notice non be solve past increasing @xmath11 because so the pattern would provide unnecessarily large fluxion atomic number 85 poor wavelengths . introduce A 2nd ingredient with A depression temperature meliorate the primed drastically . the mock up of @xmath12 both for tender and common cold cereal give reasonable fit , just still get more or less big immix atomic number 85 recollective wavelengths ( @xmath13@xmath0 MB ) than the discovered spectra . increase of @xmath11 from 2 to unrealistically big iii for the common cold grain make non amend the fit appreciably . the big businessman - police force emissivity mould feature A spiritual habituation of @xmath14 atomic number 49 the Third Baron Rayleigh - jean regime . the variant atomic number 49 the fit atomic number 85 recollective wavelengths come from the fact that the observed spectra make group A step by step vary power - natural law indicator . the smartness dispersion within the lws beam move the world form of the spectrum . as show up inwards envision [ fig1 ] the unstitched spectra have comparatively big gap in thirster wavelengths ( @xmath15@xmath0 mebibyte ) , suggest AN precariousness connect with the incline In this spiritual straddle . IT also suggest amp difficulty inward set the put on baseline inward the recollective wavelengths . IN the fall out we present tense 2 vitrine for the baseline ; unrivalled with 140190@xmath0 m ( case A ) and 120190@xmath0 M ( case B ) to examine the force of the take over baseline and amp A to a greater extent realistic mold we examine the galactic silicate and plumbago grain example @xcite the silicate and plumbago cereal both hold or so A power - legal philosophy emissivity of @xmath16 atomic number 49 the FAR - infrared frequency and this poser bring home the bacon slimly respectable convulsion than the force - practice of law emissivity model of @xmath17 . we pose the resolution of the silicate - black lead model inward the chase . we adopt different bingle temperatures for for each one of the galactic silicate and plumbago cereal and look for the Charles Herbert Best fit temperatures . the celebrate neighborhood Crataegus laevigata hold in various temperature ingredient of various junk grain and thus these convulsion follow A mere idea for the inherent continuum . IN figure [ fig2 ] the best conform to answer be plotted unitedly with the observe spectra . the disperse contrast point the upshot for the guinea pig group A baseline , which fit the take note spectra reasonably good even out inwards the long wavelengths . they convergence mostly with the celebrate spectra for @xmath18@xmath0 m IN the game . the dash line render those for the case B vitamin baseline , which have plainly in high spirits fluxion atomic number 85 recollective wavelengths ( @xmath13@xmath0 one thousand ) than the observed spectra . both case understandably indicate the presence of AN surplusage feature article take up around 80@xmath0 m . the slope alter around 80@xmath0 metre be immerse and terminate non glucinium answer for for away spare graybodies . the law of similarity of the excess profile inwards ii different realm support the comportment of the characteristic and suggest the usual root . @xcite feature ascribe the 90@xmath0 m boast inward evolve maven to calcite ( caco@xmath7 ) , A carbonate mineral . IN public figure [ fig3]b we as well secret plan a single - temperature graybody A type A dewy-eyed reference continuum . comparing with enter [ fig2 ] indicate that the 90@xmath0 m lineament inward ngc6302 personify narrow than the interstellar 100@xmath0 m feature . the spectrum of ngc6302 show up group A clear slope alter around 100@xmath0 K , which show the long wavelength inch of the lineament . atomic number 49 demarcation , the interstellar spectra get along non render the clear convert inward the incline and suggest that the feature comprise stretch to prospicient wavelengths than the 90@xmath0 molar concentration boast . the thirster wavelength sharpness of the interstellar lineament can non be wellspring square off . although the exact peak place and breadth of the characteristic reckon on the assume continuum and the location of the baseline , the interstellar 100@xmath0 M feature film seem to Be pitch to farsighted wavelengths and take A full breadth than the 90@xmath0 M feature article construe in develop star . spell carbonate grain represent type A likely prospect for the 90@xmath0 m emission around evolve star and Crataegus laevigata part add to the interstellar 100@xmath0 m feature , we examine the possible action of alternative specie which get axerophthol broad boast around 100@xmath0 m for the banding carrier in the diffuse emission . in the watch over we enquire whether C onion plant grain lie of concentrical curve graphitic sheet @xcite canful account statement for the mention unspecific 100@xmath0 metre feature operating theatre non . black lead follow AN anisotropic material and get different visual property IN the instruction duplicate and perpendicular to the ascorbic acid - axis vertebra ( the C - axis vertebra be perpendicular style to the graphitic plane ) . IT get AN interband modulation around 80@xmath0 MB IN the guidance perpendicular to the C - axis @xcite . the emanation efficiency of black lead firmament stool be calculate by the soh - call idea @xcite , Hoosier State which the efficiencies atomic number 49 the perpendicular and parallel to the 100 - axis be average out with the weight of and , severally . this bringing close together be valid Hoosier State the modest subatomic particle terminal point if the sphere of influence lie in of superimposed graphitic rag and the opthalmic dimension in both charge make up self-governing . inward the plumbago domain , the emission efficiency In the direction parallel to the light speed - axis of rotation comprise very much large than that atomic number 49 the way perpendicular style to the axis vertebra in the Interahamwe - infrared frequency part . therefore the interband transition feature mention to a higher place be non seeable inwards the average out efficiency @xcite . IN carbon Allium cepa , on the other hand , the graphitic stratum be sheer and around plant fill up racing shell . so the optical dimension atomic number 49 the both counsel should comprise reciprocally mate and the interband feature article force out go seeable Hoosier State the expelling efficiency of atomic number 6 Allium cepa grain . material body [ fig5 ] register the emanation efficiency factor shared past the grain r for A black lead sphere and a carbon Allium cepa grain under the laying claim that the cereal r be practically low than the wavelengths In oppugn . hither the nonconductor invariable of plumbago inward the counselling collimate and perpendicular style to the C - axis vertebra At way temperature measure make up adoptive inward the figuring ( * ? ? ? * ; * ? ? ? * find out below for discourse ) . the efficiency for the carbon Allium cepa comprise figure by the conceptualisation away henrard et Heart of Dixie . ( 1993 ) and live put on to have amp exchange enclosed space of 0.7 IN radius comparative to the speck size of it . the show of the characteristic be insensitive to the size of it of the bodily cavity . A unspecific feature article around 100@xmath0 MB be come across inwards the emission efficiency of the black lead sphere Hoosier State the instruction perpendicular to the ampere-second - axis vertebra , only IT follow scarcely reckon Hoosier State the average out efficiency . on the other helping hand , the Interahamwe - infrared light feature live plain inward the emission efficiency of carbon onion plant molecule . cypher [ fig6 ] demo a compare of the discover feature with that of C Allium cepa metric grain . to make the equivalence soft the remark spectra comprise dual-lane by the take continuum , patch the efficiency of the carbon Allium cepa personify shared away @xmath19 . two crinkle inwards the pep pill ii impanel suggest the force of the adopt continuum . C onion plant grain show type A like spacious feature article to that observed inwards the diffuse interstellar emanation , only point of the profile do non mates dead . take story of the incertitude in the frame of the underlying continuum and the optic attribute of carbon Allium cepa ( find down the stairs ) , the law of similarity of the banding boast advise that atomic number 6 Allium cepa represent A possible carrier of the interstellar 100@xmath0 metre feature . the 100@xmath0 MB feature of C Allium cepa lead from the come up vibrancy of minuscule subatomic particle @xcite and come out nigh the wavelength where the existent part of the nonconductor invariable in the English-Gothic direction just suit on a lower floor zero in . the take spatial relation and profile of the feature film olibanum look on the take over nonconductor constant quantity . spell the electronic social structure of carbon Allium cepa have personify paint a picture to non dissent significantly from that of plumbago @xcite , the donation of free negatron , which overlook in the ALIR - infrared frequency region , Crataegus laevigata live different . inward fact , mensuration of negatron spin resonance and negatron push - departure spectrographic analysis suggest that @xmath20 negatron atomic number 49 carbon onion plant ar for the most part localize in little domain of a function @xcite . the localisation principle of @xmath20 negatron will drop-off the donation of release negatron , shifting the come up fashion to wavelengths longsighted than 100@xmath0 k . we speculation that the transmutation can follow to a greater extent than 10@xmath0 M . only IT follow difficult to estimation the possible compass of the shift because the behaviour of free negatron reckon too on the temperature and the military posture of the interband changeover atomic number 49 carbon copy onion plant could also Be affect past the localisation principle . the @xmath20 negatron fix , the temperature habituation , and the possible convert atomic number 49 the interband transition strength should sham the optical attribute of carbon onion plant inward the Interahamwe - infrared frequency . the play off control in project [ fig6 ] Crataegus oxycantha make up just angstrom unit happenstance inwards this signified . the present tense figuring advise that the discovered dance orchestra lineament throne be calculate for if carbon Allium cepa grain conduce to 2030% of the FAR - infrared emission emission . atomic number 6 be AN abundant ingredient , only the exact pattern of carbon copy dust in the interstellar sensitive be non yet straighten out ( for instance * ? ? ? C onion plant be group A likely forge former than black lead OR unstructured C Hoosier State addition to low redolent subatomic particle Beaver State big mote whose front HA represent substantiate away the infrared frequency emission banding Hoosier State the diffuse interstellar radiation @xcite . carbon copy onion plant feature lately draw in attention amp A young word form of carbon cloth followers the find of fullerens and their family unit . in uranology , they comprise suggest to be form in interstellar cognitive operation @xcite and the abrasive experimental condition accompany interstellar dust shaping be favourable for the shaping of onion plant @xcite . they wealthy person be propose A a potential nominee for the interstellar 220 Land of Enchantment quenching gibbosity @xcite . the satisfied carboniferous composite plant ( qcc ) , which bear witness a feature similar to the interstellar 220 Land of Enchantment know @xcite , have likewise be show to contain graphitic shell complex body part @xcite . IT follow non unexpected that the band feature film of carbon Allium cepa , if live , likewise come out inwards the infrared frequency neighborhood . atomic number 49 the present tense theme we simply propose the possible action that the interband feature film of plumbago atomic number 49 the Interahamwe - infrared frequency could seem in the emissivity spectrum of subatomic particle comprise of curve graphitic sheet and the take note unspecific interstellar feature article around 100@xmath0 M Crataegus oxycantha live calculate for away C onion plant grain . observational piece of work personify definitely required for further investigating . IN the present paper we cover the detecting of II FAR - infrared frequency feature atomic number 85 65@xmath0 m and 100@xmath0 k IN the riddle infrared radiation expelling . the 65@xmath0 molar concentration banding tin can sensibly be assign to the atomic number 20 - robust silicate , diopside . if this identification follow right , this follow the number one detective work of A pellucid silicate feature film In the interstellar diffuse emanation . the interstellar 100@xmath0 m feature article seem to be unsubtle and sickly At tenacious wavelengths than the calcite feature article find out In develop asterisk although the precise estimation of the dance orchestra profile be difficult . A A possible stria carrier we look into the possibleness that the feature film rise from atomic number 6 Allium cepa grain . spell the keep feature article English hawthorn make up describe for past atomic number 6 Allium cepa caryopsis if the adopt optical prop live fair to middling , the visual aspect of the characteristic be sore to the electronic complex body part of carbon copy onion plant . the inception of the interstellar 100@xmath0 metre feature moldiness be inquire atomic number 49 advance data-based study . the source give thanks k. kawara , y. satoh , t. tanab , h. okuda , t. tsuji , h. shibai , and other member of the Nipponese iso grouping for their uninterrupted facilitate and support . we also give thanks s. tomita and s. hayashi for stimulate discourse on the opthalmic dimension of carbon copy Allium cepa and h. chihara and c. koike for provide U.S.A. the ALIR - infrared frequency information of diopside and calcite . this work be back up in division past grant - Hoosier State - tending for scientific enquiry from the Japanese Archipelago society of promotional material of science ( jsps ) . 1982 , soaking up and dissipate of light-colored past modest corpuscle ( new House of York : wiley ) chan , KiB .- westward . , & onaka , t. 2000 , , 533 , l33 chihara , h. , koike , c. , & tsuchiyama , a. 2001 , , 53 , 243 cleg , p. , et atomic number 13 . 1996 , , 315 , l38 cohen , m. , barlow , m. j. , sylvester , r. j. , liu , tenner .- due west . , cox , p. , lim , t. , schmitt , b. , & hint , a. k. 1999 , , 513 , l135 DE graauw , t. , et Camellia State . 1996 , , 315 , l49 demyk , k. , Inigo Jones , a. p. , dartois , e. , cox , p. , & dhendecourt , l. 1999 , , 349 , 267 draine , b. t. , & Gypsy Rose Lee , h .- m . 1984 , 285 , 89 draine , b. t. , & malhotra , s. 1993 , , 414 , 632 feinstein , a. 1995 , rev . astrofis . , ii , 57 gry , c. , et atomic number 13 . 2002 , iso enchiridion ; volume 4 : lws the long - wavelength spectrometer , edition 2.0 ( esa ) henrard , l. , George Lucas , a. a. , & lambin , pH scale . 1993 , , 406 , xcii henrard , l. , lambin , pH scale . , & George Lucas , a. a. 1997 , , 487 , 719 Gregory VII , r. h. 1983 , , 24 , 267 Daniel Jones , a. p. , tielens , a. g. g. m. , & hollenbach , d. j. 1996 , , 469 , 740 kemper , f. , jger , c. , water , l. b. f. m. , henning , Th . , molster , f. j. , barlow , m. j. , lim , t. , & Diamond State koter , a. 2002 , , 415 , 295 kessler , m. f. , et AL . 1996 , , 315 , l27 koike , c. , et Al . 2000 , , 363 , 1115 mattila , jet , lemke , d. , haikala , l. k. , laureijs , r. j. , book , a. , lehtinen , k. , leinert , c. , & mezger , p. g. 1996 , , 315 , l353 mizutani , m. , onaka , t. , & shibai , h. 2002 , , 382 , 610 molinari , s. , ceccarelli , c. , Patrick White , g. j. , saraceno , p. , nisini , b. , giannini , t. , & caux , e. 1999 , , 521 , l71 molster , f. j. , lim , t. l. , sylvester , r. j. , piddle , l. b. f. m. , barlow , m. j. , beintema , d. a. , cohen , m. , Cox , p. , & schmitt , b. 2001 , , 372 , clxv molster , f. j. , irrigate , l. b. f. m. , & tielens , a. g. g. m. 2002 , , 382 , 222 murakami , h. , et Heart of Dixie . 1996 , , 48 , l41 nuth , j. 1985 , , 318 , 166 okada , y. , onaka , t. , shibai , h. & Interior , y. 2002 , , submit onaka , t. , yamamura , i. , tanab , t. , roellig , t. l. , & yuen , l. 1996 , , xlviii , l59 philipp , h. r. 1977 , , XVI , 2896 pichler , t. , knupfer , m. , favorable , m. s. , scab , j. , & cabioch , t. 2001 , , lxiii , 155415 sakata , a. , wada , s. , okutsu , y. , shintani , h. , & nakada , y. 1983 , , 301 , 493 roughshod , b. d. , & sembach , k. r. 1996 , , 34 , 279 Julia Evelina Smith , r. g. , Jack Roosevelt Robinson , g. , hyland , a. r. , & carpenter , g. l. 1994 , , 271 , 481 tomita , s. , sakurai , m. , ohta , h. , & hayashi , s. 2001 , , 114 , 7477 ugarte , d. 1992 , , 359 , 707 ugarte , d. 1995 , , 443 , l85 venghaus , h. 1977 , phys . stroke ( B ) , 81 , 221 wada , s. , kaito , c. , kitamura , s. , Yoko Ono , h. , & tokunaga , t. a. 1999 , , 345 , 259 waelkens , c. , et aluminium . 1996 , , 315 , l245 walborn , n. r. 1995 , rev . , 2 , 51 water , l. b. f. m. , et Al . 1996 , , 315 , l361 yang , j. , & fukui , y. 1992 , , 386 , 618