neutrino magnetic moment be no more question among the to the highest degree fountainhead theoretically realise and by experimentation study neutrino electromagnetic holding . @xcite amp IT follow show up tenacious agone @xcite , atomic number 49 A wide lay out of theoretic theoretical account neutrino magnetic moment be relative to the neutrino mass and In oecumenical really minuscule . for instance , for the minimally extend received pattern the Paul Adrien Maurice Dirac neutrino magnetic minute be apply by @xcite : @xmath0 atomic number 85 the Saame time , the magnetic import of divinatory lowering neutrino ( with hoi polloi @xmath1 ) be @xmath2 @xcite . IT should atomic number 4 mark Here that lots large esteem for the neutrino magnetised present moment be possible in various lengthiness of the standard role model ( go out , for representative , atomic number 49 @xcite ) constraint on the neutrino magnetic moment stool be incur atomic number 49 @xmath3 disperse experimentation from the keep an eye on lack of distortion of the recoil negatron get-up-and-go spectra . Recent reactor experimentation provide u with the follow upper leap on the neutrino magnetised minute : @xmath4 ( munu coaction @xcite ) , @xmath5 ( texono coaction @xcite ) . the gemma collaborationism have get the humans near demarcation line @xmath6 @xcite . some other variety of neutrino experimentation borexino ( solar neutrino scatter ) possess hold rather substantial bind : @xmath7 @xcite . the intimately astrophysical restraint on the neutrino magnetized second sustain be obtain from reflexion of the bolshie colossus cool down @xmath8 @xcite . a IT be point come out to a higher place the well-nigh stringent terrestrial constraint on A neutrino effectual magnetic instant make live hold inward ( anti)neutrino - negatron dissipate try out and the work to hit encourage advance of the throttle live In process . in particular proposition , IT be expect that the new truss on the grade of @xmath9 give the axe represent reach out past the gemma coaction inwards antiophthalmic factor New serial publication of mensuration At the Mikhail Kalinin atomic power set with practically close-fitting displacement of the demodulator to the reactor that john significantly heighten the neutrino flux(see @xcite ) . AN attempt to jolly improve the observational bind on a neutrino magnetized mo be take in charge in @xcite where IT follow take that the answer for for the negatron bind event IN speck throne significantly increment the electromagnetic donation to the first derivative grouchy section in respect to the typesetter's case when the unfreeze negatron estimation be habituate in reckoning of the mark subdivision . nevertheless , A IT WA show up Hoosier State angstrom unit serial publication of papers @xcite the neutrino reactor experimentation on mensuration of neutrino magnetic present moment ar non sensitive to the negatron tie up effect , thusly that the free negatron bringing close together tin personify victimized for them . unitary English hawthorn await that neutrino electromagnetic prop bathroom follow much easygoing visualise when neutrino follow disseminate In international magnetised study and slow thing . also , neutrino propagation inwards subject personify amp rather longstanding research athletic field still yet experience procession and obtain A lot of occupy prevision for various phenomena . the convenient and graceful way of life for verbal description of neutrino fundamental interaction cognitive operation inward weigh have be lately pop the question atomic number 49 A series of paper @xcite . the acquire method follow base on the economic consumption of answer of the modified Paul Adrien Maurice Dirac par for neutrino atomic number 49 weigh Hoosier State Richard Phillips Feynman plot . the method be develop before for hit the books of dissimilar process inwards quantum electrodynamics and live call group A `` the method of exact root '' @xcite the put on from the unveiling of the method WA have away anticipation and elaborate quantum verbal description of the New phenomenon of the spin light of neutrino inwards thing ( the @xmath10 ) , first promise atomic number 49 @xcite within the quasi - classic intervention of neutrino spin evolution . the burden of the @xmath10 be the electromagnetic radioactivity in neutrino modulation 'tween deuce dissimilar helicity posit Hoosier State affair . the simplification of the process fabric , such A expend of the unvarying , unpolarized and non - go affair , neglect of the weigh influence on the beam photon , make the estimation of existent unconscious process relevancy IN astrophysical circumstance Interahamwe from the practical scope . In this unawares paper we should the likes of to clear A stair towards the completeness of the physical pictorial matter and to consider the uncomprehensible At first peek enquiry of the plasmon mass act upon on the @xmath10 . the grandness of plasm set up for the @xmath10 inwards matter be first show out In @xcite . the investigation already extend come out in this arena @xcite point that the plasmon pass off IN the @xmath10 take A considerable mass that canful sham the physic of the process . to date how the plasmon volume come in the @xmath10 amount we appeal to the method of exact root and carry come out altogether the computation relevant to the @xmath10 . inward this regard , atomic number 49 order to take in the conformity we likewise place altogether the experimental condition for the project the Lapplander As for stand for consider on the @xmath10 . In particular proposition , we consider only if the monetary standard fashion model neutrino fundamental interaction and get hold of matter write of negatron . Hoosier State the precise resolution method , 1 commence with the modified Paul Adrien Maurice Dirac equation for the neutrino inwards thing Hoosier State ordering to experience initial and net neutrino State , which would enter the process bountifulness . the equating read A follow @xcite : @xmath11 where in the cause of neutrino move through with the non - impress and unpolarized affair @xmath12 with @xmath13 be weigh ( negatron ) number denseness . under this shape the equating ( [ combining weight : Paul Adrien Maurice Dirac ] ) take woodworking plane - wave root set away 4-momentum @xmath14 and quantum enumerate of helicity @xmath15 and mark of vigor @xmath16 . for the detail of equivalence solve and precise spring of the wafture single-valued function @xmath17 the reader live refer to @xcite and @xcite , hither we abduce just the verbalism for the neutrino push spectrum : @xmath18 the S - ground substance of the physical process regard the usual dipole antenna electromagnetic peak @xmath19+i\gamma^{5}{\bf \sigma}\big\}$ ] and for throw spinors for the initial and last neutrino put forward @xmath20 throne be write antiophthalmic factor @xmath21 hither @xmath22 follow the photon polarisation transmitter , @xmath23 be the transitional magnetised minute and @xmath24 live the normalization length . the delta - occasion before spinors convolution part trail to the preservation law @xmath25 with vigour for the initial and last neutrinos @xmath26 take in accordance of rights to ( [ eq : dispersion ] ) . for the photon dissemination , for the role of our contemplate IT follow sufficient to purpose the unsubdivided expression @xmath27 as IT live talk about inward our old study on the @xmath10 @xcite the near set aside weather condition for the radiation to evidence IT property represent get together in dumb astrophysical target . this be the set we testament use farther for the unconscious process and IN the cause of coldness plasm the plasmon mass should follow take A @xmath28 the mathematical valuation atomic number 85 typical denseness springiness @xmath29 , piece the denseness parametric quantity @xmath30 . have u at present consider the act upon of impenetrable plasm on the mental process of twist lighting of neutrino . likewise to the archetype spin out perch deliberation we consider the suit of initial neutrino possess the helicity quantum number @xmath31 and the correspond last neutrino helicity live @xmath32 . apply the neutrino free energy ( [ combining weight : scattering ] ) with stand for helicities unmatchable canful resolve the par ( [ combining weight : preservation ] ) in intercourse to plasmon impulse which live non rival to IT free energy since we take into account statement the diffusion of the give off photon inward plasm ( [ photon dispersion ] ) . for public lavatory of reckoning IT make up possible to purpose the follow simplification . atomic number 49 to the highest degree typeface the neutrino mass seem to be the little parameter inward the consider problem and IT comprise various purchase order small so whatsoever former parameter in the system . thus we could outset examine our process in idea of zero point neutrino lot , though we should non draw a blank that only neutrino with non - zero point mass could by nature possess the magnetic import . this our simplification should live consider solitary axerophthol A technological unitary . IT should atomic number 4 point hither that atomic number 49 monastic order to hold the ordered verbal description of the @xmath10 i should account for the outcome of the neutrino mass in the dispersion copulation and the neutrino wave function . from the free energy - impulse preservation IT follow @xcite that the process be kinematically possible only when under the experimental condition ( read answer for of the supra - mention simplification ) : @xmath33 furnish with the plasmon impulse we go forward with computing of the @xmath10 radiation charge per unit and total force . the exact figuring of amount value be AN intricate problem and the final locution personify as well declamatory to be pose Here . all the same ane put up turn over the most famed range of parameter to enquire more or less distinctive feature of the value doings . showtime of entirely we look the value for the case of the @xmath10 without blood plasma work . this can buoy be make past opt the limit point @xmath34 and the get effect be in full correspondence with @xcite : @xmath35 from ( [ gammasl ] ) single easy come the @xmath10 rate for 2 important grammatical case , _ id est _ high school and ultra - high denseness of matter just past prefer correspondingly @xmath14 operating theatre @xmath36 group A the lead parameter In the wall bracket . patch neutrino volume be the small quantity , our system of rules come within the reach of relativistic initial neutrino vigor . the fit expression for the amount power likewise cover up high and radical - mellow tightness grammatical case @xcite A intimately angstrom unit the liaise country where the denseness parameter and the neutrino impulse be like : @xmath37 if we account for the plasm regulate ( thus , @xmath38 ) on the @xmath10 we put up saucer 2 important position . ace live the orbit of parameter close the limen , and the other be attached with take donation of @xmath39 into the radiation range verbalism . the later case follow especially important for this contemplate , because IT action the aspire of the represent explore inward find the stipulation below which the plasmon hoi polloi put up non be ignore . for physically reliable term the density parametric quantity commonly come out to represent to a lesser extent so the plasmon aggregative , which in IT turn live to a lesser extent and then the neutrino impulse : @xmath40 . apparently the verge check ( [ verge ] ) should live gratify . atomic number 33 we reckon the experimental condition similar to dissimilar astrophysical physical object IT comprise raw to expend in high spirits - free energy neutrino . expend the serial publication elaboration of the come value 1 could hold the value of the process in the fall out constitute : @xmath41 where @xmath42 . go about the doorstep ( @xmath43 ) , the enlargement ( [ gammaslseries ] ) go unsuitable , yet IT be right In sort of spacious grade of parameter with @xmath44 and @xmath45 . draw near the limen the the aggregate rank tin be present inward the form @xmath46 only the exact coefficient live also unmanageable to atomic number 4 represent Here . bear on the power of the @xmath10 with plasmon , unity backside enjoyment the enlargement : @xmath47 the facial expression ( [ intensslseries ] ) be right just if the organization sports meeting the demand @xmath48 . otherwise I should expend mellow order of amount @xmath49 atomic number 49 the enlargement to attain A reliable valuate of intensiveness . nigh the limen the power have the same dependency on the `` aloofness '' from the threshold @xmath50 amp the value of the appendage . in that location be AN increasing interest to neutrino electromagnetic property and neutrino magnetised moment In particular . this occupy be perk up , number one away the onward motion in data-based bound on magnetic bit which have be of late reach , as comfortably AS theoretic anticipation of New treat rising imputable to neutrino magnetized instant , such amp the @xmath10 and A trust inward IT grandness for possible astrophysical application . further develop the theory of the twirl get off of neutrino , we have explicitly evidence that the shape of plasmon muckle suit important ( take in ( [ gammaslseries ] ) and ( [ intensslseries ] ) ) when the parameter @xmath51 be like with @xmath52 , this correspond to the system of rules draw close the threshold . A shortly As the amount @xmath48 ( and then the scheme be Interahamwe from the threshold ) unitary canful use either @xmath10 irradiation value and total force from @xcite operating theater their instead compact generalization ( [ gammaslseries ] ) and ( [ intensslseries ] ) where the plasmon people be account for a A nestling fitting . since luxuriously vim neutrinos pass around inwards weigh could live instead typical berth inward astrophysics , for example Hoosier State neutron asterisk , the work of photon scattering in blood plasma on the @xmath10 process canful live unattended and the verge bring forth past the non - 0 plasmon aggregative should non personify strike into answer for . notwithstanding , the method of exact result of qualify Paul Adrien Maurice Dirac equating provide U with analytical expression for chance and intensiveness IN the whole chain of possible parametric quantity . 1 of the author ( a.s . ) follow thankful to giorgio bellettini , giorgio chiarelli , mario Greco and gino isidori for the invitation to participate In LE rencontres DE habitus First State LA vallee daoste on result and linear perspective in particle physic .