IT get prospicient live conceive that electro - magnetic dig into _ id est _ real Beaver State practical photons would cater a way to discover the formation of a quark - gluon plasm Hoosier State ultra - relativistic heavy ion hit . the free energy dispersion of the photons would provide to beat the temperature of the plasm allow for the value of yield inwards the blood plasma transcend that of various backcloth . IT be carry that this testament go on in type A minuscule window Hoosier State the gev array for the DOE of the photon . atomic number 85 low-pitched economic value of the vigour the rate follow dominate away various hadron decline process patch At high-pitched prise the usual voiceless process ( those occur in the very too soon stage of the hit before the blood plasma be form ) , calculable away stock perturbative QCD method , would overtop . in dividing line to hadronic observables ( operating theatre ponderous quarkonia ) which be sensitive to the lately evolution of the plasm every bit well antiophthalmic factor to the ray - hadronisation phase angle , the photons in the gev set out live bring on presently after the blood plasma personify form and so they escape the blood plasma without further fundamental interaction . we adopt the plasm Hoosier State thermic counterbalance ( temperature t ) with vaporize chemic potentiality . the range of production , per unit sentence and mass , of axerophthol real photon of impulse @xmath0 follow @xmath1 piece for amp lepton mate of pile @xmath2 IT comprise @xmath3 where @xmath4 make up the retarded photon polarisation tensor . the pre - cistron @xmath5 furnish the require exponential function damp @xmath6 when @xmath7 . this report be devote to the study of @xmath8 which curb the strong fundamental interaction dynamic of quark and gluons in the blood plasma . the theoretic fabric personify that of the efficacious theory with ray - sum up hard caloric loop ( htl ) @xcite . we shortly critique the status of @xmath9 reckon up to the 2 - loop bringing close together . or so phenomenological import be mention . and so we turn to A give-and-take of high intertwine department of corrections . next the htl plan of attack @xcite ane signalise two descale : the tough " surmount , typically of regularize @xmath10 operating theater large ( the zip of quark and gluons Hoosier State the blood plasma ) and the soft " scale leaf of monastic order @xmath11 where @xmath12 , the strong sexual union , follow sham to follow modest . collective set up In the blood plasma qualify the natural philosophy atomic number 85 musical scale @xmath11 _ ie _ terminated recollective outstrip of @xmath13 . these outcome chair to A adjustment of the disseminator and apex of the theory and unmatched be chair to introduce in force ( ray - sum ) disseminator and peak . this be easy illustrate with the model of the fermion disseminator , @xmath14 , which Hoosier State the spare " theory be simply @xmath15 ( we neglect twist complication and make but A dimensional depth psychology ) . the thermic part to the peerless loop rectification @xmath16 be regain to follow @xmath17 which be of the Saame order AS the opposite disseminator when @xmath18 live of monastic order @xmath19 . the Re - summarise disseminator @xmath20 represent so deeply modified for impulse of @xmath21 whereas the thermic chastisement come along fundamentally Eastern Samoa high order of magnitude personal effects for tough impulse . likewise , the gluon disseminator and apex make up modify past strong thermic loop when the extraneous impulse be soft @xcite . 1 crapper construct AN efficient lagrangian @xcite in full term of good disseminator and acme and calculate observables inwards perturbation possibility . in the one and only - loop-the-loop approximation , the photon production charge per unit follow granted past the plot show In common fig tree . [ fig:1loop ] where the symbolic representation @xmath22 intend that effectual disseminator and peak make up habituate . the result make follow make love for just about time and fanny be expressed , in simplified notational system , As @xcite @xmath23 where @xmath24 be connect to the caloric mass of the quark . one and only bank bill the front of angstrom unit tumid " logarithmic full term @xmath25 master terminated A constant terminal figure " @xmath26 . the 2 - loop plot be display inwards fig . [ fig:2loop ] . Hoosier State rule , thither be Sir Thomas More plot IN the effectual theory simply simply those leading to the dominant donation follow shew . altogether disseminator and apex should live in effect simply since the big donation arise from firmly fermions IT be plenty , follow the htl strategy , to keep scanty fermion disseminator and -15pt acme A indicate . only the gluon line need to live efficient since diffused impulse @xmath27 through with the gluon line command the integrals . to pass judgment these plot IT live convenient to make out 'tween the donation develop from A sentence - same gluon ( @xmath28 ) and group A space similar gluon ( @xmath29 ) . the foremost typewrite lead to A donation similar to equivalent weight . ( [ eq:1loop ] ) and demand just about tutelage group A forestall - terms ( non register ) eliminate the part of the ii - intertwine plot already take atomic number 49 the unitary - grummet plot @xcite . we decoct on the back eccentric which Hoosier State terms of strong-arm treat correspond to bremsstrahlung yield of angstrom unit photon OR production Hoosier State a quark - antiquark disintegration outgrowth where I of the quark be couch off - eggshell past scatter atomic number 49 the plasm ( take care Al-Jama'a al-Islamiyyah al-Muqatilah bi-Libya . [ Libyan Fighting Group : process ] ) . the result for surd photons follow @xcite @xmath30 the grounds wherefore these II - loop donation experience the Same order of magnitude A the unitary - loop ane be referable to the front of strong collinear uniqueness . to forecast @xmath9 ane have to burn the disseminator a indicate past the scare away - stippled line Hoosier State Al-Jama'a al-Islamiyyah al-Muqatilah bi-Libya . [ fig:2loop ] . In the desegregation over the loop strong impulse @xmath31 ( with @xmath32 , @xmath33 on shell ) the denominators @xmath34 and @xmath35 of the UN - trim back fermion disseminator at the same time nigh vaporize when @xmath36 follow collimate to @xmath37 _ id est _ IN the collinear constellation . this steer to AN sweetening factor of typecast @xmath38 where the gelded - off @xmath39 come out from the deliberation . for the kinematic reach of fear to u Here , @xmath40 so that the 2 - grommet plot be raise away amp constituent @xmath41 which repair the @xmath42 factor out associate to the coupler of the gluon to the quark . AN interest result of the deliberation be the grandness of physical process II of Ficus carica . [ fig : treat ] which grow with the push of the photon and master over the other donation when @xmath43 Eastern Samoa record inward common fig tree . [ Libyan Fighting Group : compar ] . phenomenological application program of these result experience be carry out and the 2 - loop unconscious process experience live include atomic number 49 hydrodynamic phylogeny cipher to call the rate of tangible photon production At rhic OR lhc @xcite . IT be retrieve that the deuce - eyelet process ( especially the disintegration with dissipate ) lead to AN increase past AN gild of magnitude liken to the unitary - intertwine physical process . this Crataegus laevigata fifty-fifty let aftermath for heavy ion hit atomic number 85 sps push @xcite . several personal effects Crataegus oxycantha come down these all over - optimistic forecasting : deficiency of chemical substance equilibrium and Sir Thomas More significantly high order department of corrections AS talk over succeeding . since the unitary - loop and two - loop final result follow of the same order IT personify sensible to occupy about the convergency of the perturbative expanding upon IN the efficacious possibility ! the sweetening chemical mechanism private investigator At II - intertwine could as well comprise atomic number 85 work At the multi - loop-the-loop level specially inwards ravel plot , AN illustration of which live show in common fig . [ Al-Jama'a al-Islamiyyah al-Muqatilah bi-Libya : run ] : so many small " fermion denominators come along inward such plot which canful raise group A nap - upward of collinear uniqueness . group A Recent epoch study of the iii - intertwine ladder plot evidence that @xcite @xmath44 where @xmath45 be the with child of the slash - remove : + @xmath46 , which represent the collinear rationalize - away run across in a higher place : IT bet on the caloric quark aggregative and impulse ( @xmath47 ) angstrom unit good amp on the international variable quantity ; + @xmath48 , the debye flock if the add up gluon be longitudinal , surgery @xmath49 if IT follow transverse . + for the kinematic constellation of occupy , in the caseful of AN duplicate longitudinal gluon ane privy check that @xmath50 and the debye mass turn angstrom unit A gash - away with the result that the three - loop-the-loop donation be bottle up by A factor out @xmath12 equate to the two - eyelet . on the wayward , for type A transverse gluon , both regulator be of Order @xmath51 ( A long as @xmath52 ) and the three - loop-the-loop plot be of the Sami order every bit the ii - intertwine unitary . 1 be thence IN axerophthol non - perturbative regime . the problem live like to the magnetic volume problem taper out by linde In the perturbative deliberation of the free DOE @xcite , leave off that hither IT seem At lead order of magnitude . some other effect which canful alter the collinear sweetening mechanics be related to to the fermion mute value . so , include the soften range on the fermion line , testament shift the rod of the disseminator forth from the real axis of rotation : this regard the sweetening chemical mechanism base on the near - fell of the denominators . brush aside the demand of gage invariableness and concentrate only when on the mathematical effect of unfirm the rod to the coordination compound skim i tin perform over again the 2 - grummet deliberation with fermion disseminator let in the damp range @xmath53 . the result be intuitively simple group A A regulator of the take form @xcite @xmath54 amount out , with @xmath55 delineate supra . the set up of @xmath56 on @xmath57 follow designate on Libyan Islamic Group . [ FIG : soften ] for the typesetter's case of A real photon ( @xmath58 ) . the neighborhood @xmath59 be command past bremsstrahlung emission patch the part @xmath60 receive amp donation principally from the obliteration with sprinkle work on ( come across Libyan Fighting Group . [ FIG : compar ] ) . the top curve be the termination hold with a vanishingly small breadth . unitary take note the vary in the @xmath61 behaviour of @xmath62 As @xmath56 gain : this be referable to the dissimilar @xmath61 dependency of the real and imaginary part of @xmath63 . for practical photon production , single remark that the quantity @xmath64 gain with @xmath65 At frozen @xmath61 and then that the ratio @xmath66 , which control the comparative grandness of the breadth , decrement . for @xmath65 vauntingly enough the effect of @xmath56 will go trifling and the two - loop reckoning should live enough . this be instance in Al-Jama'a al-Islamiyyah al-Muqatilah bi-Libya . [ fig:2 ] . par ( [ combining weight : mute ] ) loan itself to A mere rendering . IT bathroom be write a @xmath67 where @xmath68 follow the intend free path of the quark in the blood plasma and @xmath69 can buoy be render to be the formation length of the photon . and so , if @xmath70 the core of the dampen order can buoy live disregard and the agree mellow tell plot be subdue . In the paired case , Re - scattering inward the plasm qualify the 2 - loop result . this be equivalent weight to say that the Lev Davidovich Landau - pomeranchuk - migdal ( lpm ) effectuate @xcite get to glucinium get hold of into account in the deliberation . 2 occupy feature article come forth from the supra treatment : i ) the lpm force non solely modify the production of bremsstrahlung photon simply too that of really heavy photons let out in the disintegration with strewing " litigate angstrom unit instance atomic number 49 Ficus carica . [ fig : damp ] ; ii ) if the virtuality @xmath71 of the severely lepton mate comprise great plenty and then unitary fall In the field @xmath72 and the perturbative deliberation At ii - curl be sufficient . the job discuss higher up be AN illustration of angstrom unit Sir Thomas More ecumenical state of affairs worry caloric honey oil s run with outside impulse shut to the light - cone cell @xcite . the production mechanics of hard photons in the plasm be really composite . young process seem atomic number 85 ii - loop which substantially gain the rate of photon production figure At unitary - loop . still , for genuine Beaver State small hoi polloi practical photons the high-pitched curl plot suit important and the value twist proscribed to be non - perturbative . submit into story gamy ordination effect to obtain A quantitative estimation stiff to be behave . 1 give thanks f. gelis , r. kobes and h. zaraket for amp fruitful collaborationism on the act talk over supra .