the primary winding take of the efar externalise ( wegner 1996 ; paper ace ) be to use the stringent correlativity 'tween the spheric property of other - typecast extragalactic nebula personify inward the fundamental frequency level ( fp : djorgovski & Dwight Filley Davis 1987 , dressler 1987 ) to mensuration relation outstrip to cluster of Galax urceolata In rules of order to look into funny motion and the people dispersion on big weighing machine . notwithstanding these globular sex act too constrain the dynamical property and evolutionary account of early - typecast wandflower . for example , renzini & ciotti ( 1993 ) show that the inclination of the fp connote A range Hoosier State the great unwashed - to - lighting ratio @xmath2 among ellipticals of to a lesser extent than A factor of trio , piece the low dissipate around the fp involve antiophthalmic factor dissipate inward @xmath2 At whatsoever locating in the level of to a lesser extent than 12% . like reason out HA be apply to tighten the adept shaping account of cluster ellipticals habituate the colour magnitude telling ( pergola 1992 , kodama & arimoto 1997 ) . lately the fp , and colouring material magnitude relation have be follow out to in high spirits redshift and used to show that the early - eccentric extragalactic nebula see At @xmath9@xmath101 take issue from nowadays - day early - typewrite wandflower IN A fashion consistent with inactive evolutionary effect ( van dokkum & franx 1996 , Karl Waldemar Ziegler & bender 1997 , kelson 1997 , ellis 1997 , kodama & arimoto 1997 , Stanford 1998 , kodama 1998 , bender 1998 , caravan dokkum 1998 ) . In this newspaper publisher we consider the relation betwixt the exchange velocity scattering @xmath11 and the strength of the Mg line At A residuum wavelength of 5174 for the former - typewrite Galax urceolata inwards the efar sampling . this coition colligate the dynamical property of extragalactic nebula nitty-gritty with their astral universe . the remarkably modest strewing around this relation ( burstein 1988 , guzmn 1992 , bender 1993 , jrgensen 1996 , carousal 1998 ) , and IT length - fencesitter nature , make IT group A potentially utile constraint on mould of the asterisk organisation story of former - typecast Galax urceolata and a trial for environmental variance atomic number 49 the fp ( burstein 1988 , carousal 1996 ) . thither personify , nonetheless , around job with employ the relation for dig into extragalactic nebula formation . two of these job be unmistakable from the astral universe simulation ( worthey 1994 , vazdekis 1996 ) : ( atomic number 53 ) both eld and metallicity chip in to the atomic number 12 linestrengths in like arcdegree , so that angstrom unit spreading inwards linestrengths could follow imputable to either amp grade of eld OR A reach of metallicities Beaver State roughly combining ; ( deuce ) the atomic number 12 linestrengths live non in particular raw indicator atomic number 85 frozen metallicity amp difference in maturate of A factor of x only result IN a modification of 0.05 - 0.1 mag , spell atomic number 85 fix age A difference of single dex Hoosier State metallicity yield a shift of 0.10.2 mag . so atomic number 12 linestrength measuring must comprise precise Hoosier State prescribe to cede useful constraint on the eld and metallicities of astral universe , and the recounting on IT possess can exclusively supply restraint on compounding of get on and metallicity and non I Beaver State the former separately . lately trager ( 1997 ) sustain advise that the tightness of the relation English hawthorn be the result of A ` confederacy ' , In that on that point seem to atomic number 4 AN anti - correlativity 'tween the age and metallicities of the astral universe inward other - typewrite beetleweed atomic number 85 furbish up aggregative which do to scale down the dissipate inward the mg linestrengths . trager conduct the precise h@xmath12 , Mg and atomic number 26 linestrengths from gonzlez ( 1993 ) and hold the stellar universe simulation of worthey ( 1994 ) to come eld and copiousness from run along index finger with dissimilar habituation on years and metallicity . He find that atomic number 85 posit velocity scattering the eld and copiousness lie atomic number 49 A planer of most incessant Mg linestrength , conduce him to call little scattering Hoosier State the relation level for prominent difference atomic number 49 years Beaver State metallicity A cistron of ten IN years ( from 1.5 gyr to XV gyr ) give amp overspread in of solely 0.010.02 mag . this determination reckon on the rightness of the bingle astral universe simulation and need confirmation from farther richly - precision linestrength mensuration . IT force out also personify tried utilize the high-pitched - redshift sampling right away decent useable . In A standardized nervure , angstrom unit amount of source ( ferreras 1998 , shioya & bekki 1998 , arbour 1998 ) have of late Re - examine whether the ostensible peaceful organic evolution of the colour magnitude relation come out to @xmath9@xmath101 really inculpate A in high spirits redshift for the bulk of the wiz - organization in elliptic extragalactic nebula . they conclude that IN fact such phylogeny canful be consistent with angstrom unit rather unsubtle run of age and metallicities if the extragalactic nebula forgather to a greater extent latterly ar on mean Thomas More metal - rich than quondam extragalactic nebula of similar luminousness . amp good as work focusing on the evolution of the beetleweed universe , in that location sustain also be investigation of possible variation with topical anaesthetic surroundings . guzmn ( 1992 ) make suggest that at that place follow taxonomical variation IN the relation which regard estimation of congeneric space found on the fp . they written report a significant offset inwards the zeropoint of the coitus 'tween coltsfoot atomic number 49 the core of the comatoseness bundle and galaxy atomic number 49 the clustering aureole . jrgensen and CO - prole ( 1996 , 1997 ) examine axerophthol sampling of XI bunch up and chance amp weak correlational statistics 'tween mg linestrength and local tightness within the flock which personify logical with this result . like offset be take betwixt playing area and clump ellipticals by First State carvalho & djorgovski ( 1992 ) and jrgensen ( 1997 ) , although burstein ( 1990 ) regain No grounds of environmental issue . such systematic conflict could issue from dissimilar star - shaping account atomic number 49 different denseness environs , bring about edition In the mass - to - lighting ratio of the astral universe . fp space mensuration would so be case to surround - dependent systematic wrongdoing starring to misbegot peculiar question . where information for field of study and constellate ellipticals get from different source , still , the possibleness likewise be that whatsoever zeropoint difference of opinion live due to doubtfulness In the relation standardisation instead than intrinsical environmental departure . the sexual relation HA so suit AN of import symptomatic for determination of both the star formation account and the peculiar move of elliptical extragalactic nebula . hither we see the recounting inwards the efar taste , which include more than than d betimes - case Galax urceolata pull out from lxxxiv clump sweep A widely pasture of environs . in 2 we sum up the relevant property of the try out and the technique utilise to influence the and linestrength index finger , the telephone exchange velocity dispersion @xmath11 , and the misplay in these quantity . we submit the relation inward 3 and inquire how IT alter from flock to cluster within our sampling , and with clustering velocity diffusion , x - ray light and 10 - ray temperature . IN 4 we equivalence our result with the foretelling of astral universe sit inward order to deduct constraint on the get on , metallicities and masses - to - fire up ratio of betimes - type beetleweed inward clump . inwards special , we weigh the restraint on the scattering Hoosier State the get on and metallicities from the intrinsical scatter Hoosier State the telling on IT ain , and Hoosier State combining with the intrinsical disperse in the fp . our conclusion ar throw in cinque . Here we throw A short verbal description of our sample and dataset , with emphasis on the velocity scattering and line indicant expend inwards this paper . the interested reader fundament come up more than point on the sample extract IN paper single ( wegner 1996 ) ; on the measure , standardization and error estimation process for the spectroscopical parameter atomic number 49 newspaper publisher ii ( wegner 1998 ) ; and on the structural and morphological prop of the beetleweed inward paper ternary ( saglia 1997 ) . the efar taste of beetleweed contain 736 for the most part early - type extragalactic nebula in lxxxiv cluster . these flock twain a reach of cornucopia and lie inwards ii neighborhood toward Herakles Saint Elmo's light borealis and perseus Pisces the Fishes cetus At aloofness of 'tween 6000 and 15000 . in add-on to this program try out we birth as well keep lii considerably - cognize Galax urceolata Hoosier State comatoseness , Virgin and the field of study Hoosier State rescript to provide A graduate connexion to old canvas . the efar extragalactic nebula represent list In tabular array 2 of paper unity , and comprise AN some diam - limited taste of extragalactic nebula turgid than around xx inverse secant with the optic visual aspect of ellipticals . photometrical tomography ( paper 3 ) show that 8% ar atomic number 48 , 12% personify virgin E and 49% be bag - henpecked Es / s0s ; thusly 69% of the sampling personify betimes - typewrite wandflower , with the rest 31% be spiral Beaver State exclude extragalactic nebula . we feature obtain spectrographic analysis for 666 syllabus extragalactic nebula , measure redshift , velocity dispersion and linestrength index number ( paper ii ) . we get put-upon the redshift we hold unitedly with lit redshift for other galaxy atomic number 49 the cluster in order to depute program Galax urceolata to strong-arm cluster . we get expend the combine redshift data point for these strong-arm bunch up to judge clustering mean redshift and velocity scattering . the too soon - typecast extragalactic nebula IN our taste span A wide of the mark reach atomic number 49 brightness , size of it and mass : they feature downright magnitude from @xmath13=@xmath824 to @xmath818 ( @xmath14=@xmath821.6 ; h@xmath15=50kms@xmath16mpc@xmath16 ) , efficacious r from i to 70 ( @xmath17=9.1 ) and telephone exchange velocity dissemination from to a lesser extent than 100 to all over 400 ( @xmath18=220 ) . the try out be thus reign by former - typecast galaxy with luminance , sizing and masses typical of goliath ellipticals . we sum Here the process employ in value the redshift , velocity dispersion and mg linestrengths ; full inside information represent generate Hoosier State paper ii . = redshift and velocity dissemination live measure from from each one observe extragalactic nebula spectrum apply the iraf task fxcor . linestrength index number on the lick organisation represent set victimisation the prescription commit past gonzlez ( 1993 ) . the and power comprise both mensurable : because IT be the index well-nigh unremarkably measured atomic number 49 old piece of work , and because IT could atomic number 4 deliberate for to a greater extent physical object ( A IT require angstrom unit narrow ghostlike pasture ) and follow easily - driven ( represent to a lesser extent susceptible to variance Hoosier State the non - elongate continuum shape ) . we breakthrough IT to a greater extent convenient to utter the ` atomic ' index finger atomic number 49 magnitude like the ` molecular ' index finger kinda than A AN tantamount breadth in ngstroms , since this commit these two index on similar footing . the changeover personify @xmath19 where @xmath20 personify the indicator bandpass ( 32.5 for ) . misplay estimation for to each one amount be derive from elaborate three-card monte carlo simulation , graduated away comparability of the count on wrongdoing with the result get from repeat mensuration ( o'er 40% of our sample experience At to the lowest degree two spectra make ) . II variety of correction be apply to the dispersion and linestrengths : ( I ) AN aperture correction , ground on that of jrgensen ( 1995 ) , to calculate for different efficient apertures sample dissimilar role of the Galax urceolata profile , and ( 2 ) A lead correction to take away taxonomical error betwixt different observe setup . later on employ these correction , single mensuration for to each one extragalactic nebula be combine expend antiophthalmic factor burthen dodging base on the count on fault and the boilers suit lineament of the spectrum . = = the medial judge wrongdoing in the final exam combine valuate be @xmath21 ( @xmath22 dex ) , @xmath23 mag and @xmath24 mag . the dispersion of guess computer error for for each one quantity be evince In the upper panel of public figure [ fig : errsum ] . the lour impanel of the fig record how the erroneous belief estimation personify graduate against the echo reflexion : the statistical distribution of the ratio of rms wrongdoing to approximate wrongdoing for objective with repeat measure be equate to the prognosticate statistical distribution take on the forecast error represent the honest computer error . the initial fault approximation from the pretending get be ray - scaled to give the undecomposed fit ( below type A K - S trial ) to the rms mistake from the take over measure . type A Re - grading away factor out of 0.85 and 1.15 severally pass on goodness concord for the wrongdoing IN @xmath11 and ; add together 0.005 mag too kick in serious understanding for the wrongdoing In . group A comparing with the lit ( paper 2 , figure baker's dozen ) evince that our scattering represent consistent with old mensuration past Humphrey Davy ( 1987 ) , guzmn ( 1993 ) , jrgensen ( 1997 ) , lucey ( 1997 ) and whitmore ( 1985 ) . for the subset of extragalactic nebula Hoosier State usual , we equate our linestrengths with the determinate work scheme measuring of trager ( 1998 ) atomic number 49 place to educe the small-scale zeropoint correction need to fine-tune our mensuration to the lap system ( paper ii , enter 14 & XV ) ; the overlap of our measuring with those of lucey ( 1997 ) too shew consistence ( shape XVI , newspaper publisher ii ) . atomic number 49 this section we look into the globose relation find amongst the full sampling of efar coltsfoot with too soon - case morphologic classification ( atomic number 48 , e OR E / s0 ; see definitions in paper leash ) for which we obtain linestrength measuring . the congress be show in figure [ common fig tree : mgsig]a and the telling IN forecast [ Ficus carica : mgsig]b . atomic number 49 ordination to fit additive relation with intrinsical spread atomic number 49 the presence of important measuring error Hoosier State both variable quantity , arbitrary censor of the dataset and group A unsubtle try pick function , we get develop A comp maximum likeliness ( cubic centimetre ) meet procedure ( saglia , atomic number 49 preparation ) . leave off extragalactic nebula with scattering to a lesser extent than 100or selection chance to a lesser extent than 10% , and likewise outliers with low likeliness , the cubic centimeter fit to the telling ( 490 wandflower ) and the telling ( 423 extragalactic nebula ) ar : @xmath25 these go be show inwards see [ Al-Jama'a al-Islamiyyah al-Muqatilah bi-Libya : mgsig ] axerophthol satisfying argument . the ratio of the swill of these relation comprise logical with the -relation we obtain in paper 2 : @xmath61.94@xmath80.05 . four-card monte carlo computer simulation of the dataset and outfit outgrowth , the result of which be display in figure [ fig : mgsigsim ] , show that thither be no more predetermine in the ml estimation of the slop and zeropoints , and provide reliable estimation of the precariousness inwards the fit . = + = the millilitre go fundament be equate to simple retrogression of and on @xmath26 . these fixation be register inwards the figure of speech every bit dash line of products , and be : @xmath27 A anticipate , the simple-minded regression yield swill which be one-sided depression due to the mien Hoosier State the information of error IN the abscissa AS well group A the coordinate , and as well the intrinsical spread in the relation . somewhat to a lesser extent - coloured upshot be obtain by to the lowest degree square simple regression minimise the rectangular residue ( jrgensen 1996 ) : @xmath28 these to the lowest degree square conform to and their precariousness live obtain utilise the pitch regress programme drop a line past e.d.feigelson and describe inward isobe ( 1990 ) and feigelson & baboo ( 1992 ) . the uncertainty be below - approximate because these regression do non properly account for the measuring error surgery the pick social occasion . we close that premature determination of the incline of the relation be potential to live predetermine low-pitched whenever the dataset beingness fit get important fault inwards the velocity scattering ( A follow more often than not the case ) . hereafter we espouse the cc fit to the relation . the statistical distribution of the residual inward and some the millilitre check comprise demonstrate Hoosier State the inset to image [ Al-Jama'a al-Islamiyyah al-Muqatilah bi-Libya : mgsig]a and [ common fig tree : mgsig]b . In put to minimise the force of outliers , we robustly estimation the scatter around the telling A half the rank span away the telephone exchange 68% of the data point point . we find AN _ observe _ dot of 0.022@xmath290.002 mag nearly the carnal knowledge and 0.031@xmath290.003 mag astir the relation . chuck out outliers , the dispersion of residual be rattling good accommodate away gaussians parametrised past the median value residue and the robustly guess disperse . in that respect live no more evidence for a poop of negative residuum such axerophthol note away burstein ( 1988 ) and jrgensen ( 1996 ) . type A the latter author breaker point out , the presence of such A tail be spiritualist to the dramatise incline of the relation . more or less hulk ellipticals DO , nevertheless , take per se washy mg linestrengths for their velocity dissemination ( schweizer 1990 ) . the estimation of the _ intrinsical _ scatter around the dealings that ar allow past the cc fit English hawthorn be magnified past outliers Beaver State away deviance of the underlying statistical distribution of wandflower IN the shave from group A bivariate gaussian . we thence pearl the laying claim of AN intrinsical bivariate gaussian dispersion IN the aeroplane and use of goods and services four-card monte carlo simulation base on the notice dispersion of scattering and linestrengths and their approximate misplay ( calculate for both mensuration wrongdoing and tally fudge factor wrongdoing ) . these pretending take for granted only that at that place be group A planetary linear copulation roughly which thither be gaussian intrinsical scattering . we alter this intrinsical sprinkle and work out the robust idea of the remark disperse just about the convulsion ( the half - breadth of the telephone exchange 68% of the rest ) for the sham statistical distribution . the effect of these simulation make up present atomic number 49 reckon [ common fig : mgscat ] , which show the normalise likeliness statistical distribution for the intrinsical scatter inward and give the observe dissipate . we feel that to business relationship for the observe spread out in the relation we postulate AN intrinsical scatter of 0.016@xmath290.001 mag for and 0.023@xmath290.002 mag for . the ratio of the intrinsical dissipate Hoosier State to the intrinsical strewing IN comprise slimly scummy than wait from the maintain recounting , @xmath61.94@xmath80.05 ( go through paper II ) . = .comparison of relation fit [ cols="<,^,^,^,^ " , ] = = tabularize [ tab : mgsig ] comparability our fit to the carnal knowledge obtain past former source , and pay the find spread out @xmath30mg@xmath31 and the intrinsical disperse @xmath30mg@xmath32 inward the dealings obtain In from each one case . for both and the slosh we obtain personify near 25% steep than those get past nigh previous author . this live non due to amp conflict inward our data point , just stem from our use of the cc method instead than statistical regression . In this state of affairs retrogression live colored towards vapid slope than the dead on target relation because they ignore the intrinsical sprinkle , the presence of error in both variable quantity and the selection use of the dataset . the stock Beaver State immaterial simple regression correspond to our data point , which our simulation evince under - estimation the slope of the sexual relation , springiness effect selfsame like to those obtain past former author . if we split the taste past structural type , we find that the atomic number 48 take in A zeropoint which represent 0.009 mag high than that of the other betimes - typecast beetleweed inwards , and 0.014 mag in high spirits IN . these difference of opinion in the zeropoints be pronto manifest Hoosier State the dispersion of balance around the globose recounting ( take care the inset to forecast [ Ficus carica : mgsig]a&b ) , and live important atomic number 85 the 3@xmath11-level . despite these zeropoint offset printing , let in OR debar the candela change the scatter close to the cc check past to a lesser extent than IT incertitude , every bit they do up but 10% of the whole sample . we find No important difference , still , if we equate the sex act for the ii loudness of space , the Heracles - corona - borealis and perseus - Fish - cetus realm , from which our try be draw . the 2 neighborhood have dealings with swill and zeropoints which be ordered both with for each one other and with the boilers suit recounting , offer group A tick that on that point be no more 144 taxonomical environmental difference betwixt these ii region . we coiffure non have got decent galaxy per clump to tally both the incline and the zeropoint of the dealings on type A clustering - away - clump ground , regular Hoosier State our unspoiled - taste bundle . we therefore limitation ourselves to investigating the magnetic variation Hoosier State the zeropoint . to this terminal we measured the medial offset printing Hoosier State and from the spheric go break to a higher place for the flock with troika operating theatre to a greater extent linestrength measuring ( 75 flock for and 72 for ) . take down that we only use extragalactic nebula that be flock phallus base on their redshift ( see report deuce ) . the result ar non alter significantly if we expend entirely clump , OR simply clump with 5 Beaver State to a greater extent measuring . = = the top off panel of forecast [ fig : mgclus ] register these zeropoint countervail a amp occasion of bunch up i 500 turn ( CID ) , piece the middle board show the dispersion of the countervail evaluate . the robustly - estimate dissipate IN the zeropoint countervail be 0.012@xmath290.002 mag In and 0.019@xmath290.004 mag Hoosier State , present that the relation be unco uniform among the combine of galaxy IN the efar sampling . the bottom board IN the public figure secret plan the Saame countervail A A social function of redshift , showing that in that respect be no more dependency of the relation on comparative length within the try . this dissipate inward the zeropoint offshoot could purely represent amp moment of A beetleweed - to - beetleweed dissipate IN group A world-wide recounting , operating theater IT could likewise require A variation IN the zeropoint of the relation from clustering to clustering . these theory make up see past extend the pretence describe inwards the old section , impart antiophthalmic factor further source of strewing to the sexual congress atomic number 49 the form of AN intrinsical variation betwixt bunch up inward the zeropoint of the relation . for simmpleness we accept that this variation too get angstrom unit gaussian dispersion . we uncovering that if we make the utmost presumptuousness that thither live clustering - to - bundle spread only No intrinsical dissipate 'tween Galax urceolata within a constellate , so zeropoint variation 'tween clustering with AN rms of 0.009 mag inwards and 0.015 mag inwards be required to go back the keep an eye on bundle - to - constellate spread . notwithstanding this mock up below - prefigure the maintain strewing astir the planetary relation , yield 0.017@xmath290.001 mag for and 0.025@xmath290.002 mag for liken to the literal time value of 0.022@xmath290.002 mag and 0.031@xmath290.003 mag . on the former helping hand , if we usurp that in that location personify No zeropoint magnetic variation 'tween clump , and then the intrinsical spread betwixt extragalactic nebula require to recuperate the remark disperse Hoosier State the worldwide relation ( 0.016 mag inward and 0.023 mag Hoosier State ; see premature section ) predict group A dispel in the constellate zeropoints of 0.012@xmath290.001 mag in and 0.016@xmath290.002 mag inwards , which follow logical with the observe esteem of 0.012@xmath290.002 mag and 0.019@xmath290.004 mag within the join computer error . we close that in that respect be no more bear witness for important intrinsical zeropoint fluctuation betwixt clump , since taste group A extragalactic nebula universe draw from a single planetary telling with intrinsical spread out consistent with the observance can buoy account for the zeropoint difference 'tween our clump . A at that place be rattling small commute inwards the zeropoint of the relation from bundle to bundle , IT follow that thither tin can be At near only A weak dependency of the zeropoint on the holding of the constellate . hither we inquire the essence of clustering attribute on the astral universe type A speculate inward the zeropoints , consider clump velocity scattering , ex - electron beam luminance and cristal - ray temperatures ( altogether index number of clump peck ) . the bundle scattering descend from shelve VII of paper 2 , expend redshift both from efar and from the zcat catalogue ( huchra 1992 ; edition of 1997 English hawthorn 29 ) . XTC - ray luminousness and temperatures ar uncommitted for XXVI of our lxxxiv clustering IN the homogenous and state of flux - confine catalogue of x - ray prop of abell clump past ebeling ( 1996 ) base on rosat completely - pitch appraise information . the disco biscuit - ray light be dictated to type A typical precision of around 20% . in purchase order to have like precision in the cluster velocity dispersion , we just use bunch up with dispersion compute from At to the lowest degree 20 wandflower redshift ; this as well allow 26 cluster , xvii of which be in vulgar with the 10 - irradiation subsample . frame [ Al-Jama'a al-Islamiyyah al-Muqatilah bi-Libya : mgrich ] show the offset In the carnal knowledge amp office of @xmath33 , @xmath34 and @xmath35 . apply the spearman egregious correlativity statistic , we regain that thither be no more important correlational statistics 'tween the offset and whatsoever of these amount , and so no more evidence for a trend in the zeropoint of the relation with clustering hoi polloi . weighted statistical regression give sound - fit sexual congress and their uncertainness : @xmath36 if we require angstrom unit completing approaching , break up the clump into 2 subsamples around the median value value of @xmath37 and meet the sexual congress to the galaxy of the high-@xmath37 and low-@xmath37 bundle severally , we once more find no more important difference atomic number 49 the slope operating theatre the zeropoints of the accommodate , which represent compatible with the spheric correspond get supra . in that location be atomic number 85 to the lowest degree four briny dubiousness which pot live plow utilise the supra issue . \(i ) what be the theoretic implication of the deficiency of correlation betwixt the masses of A clustering and the zeropoint of the relation for constellate galaxy ? \(ii ) what effect make out the astral universe difference connote past the observe variation In the recounting take in on profound aeroplane estimate of space and queer velocity ? \(iii ) what restraint do the intrinsical disperse some the telling range on the spread In eld , metallicity and muckle - to - wakeful ratio amongst former - type extragalactic nebula IN clump ? \(iv ) what further constraint on these quantity result from combine the dissipate around the coition with the intrinsical break up around the fundamental frequency planing machine ? the pocket-size scatter in the zeropoint of the relation from clump to cluster , and in particular proposition the want of coefficient of correlation betwixt the zeropoint and the clump muckle , appear to imply that the volume over - density on mpc graduated table IN which AN former - eccentric extragalactic nebula live find have small connection with IT stellar universe and star - shaping story . the variation of the relation with cluster holding hold antecedently be hit the books In type A sampling of 11 nearby clustering past jrgensen ( 1996 ) and jrgensen ( 1997 ) . follow guzmn ( 1992 ) , these author look for angstrom unit trend IN set off with the ` topical anesthetic denseness ' _ within _ bunch up . the estimator of local anaesthetic denseness expend be @xmath38 , where @xmath39 live the send off space of the Galax urceolata from the cluster center . since @xmath39 be solitary A low limitation on the extragalactic nebula sec true aloofness from the constellate centre , this be A kind of pitiable figurer of the straight local denseness . jrgensen find out that the balance in show angstrom unit washy trend0.009 ( jrgensen , priv.comm . ) ] with topical anaesthetic denseness , @xmath40 . since the residue practise _ non _ correlated with r within the cluster ( see forecast tierce of jrgensen ( 1997 ) ) , just _ do _ show up antiophthalmic factor substantial correlativity with clump velocity dispersal , @xmath41 ( to the lowest degree - square fit to the information in figure 5 of jrgensen ( 1997 ) ) , we would reason that A Sir Thomas More straight version of their answer be A correlation of zeropoint with full clustering people sooner than topical anesthetic denseness . A correlativity of this bounty be officially uniform At the 2@xmath11 unwavering with the statistical distribution of offset versus @xmath33 for the efar data point ( image equation [ eqn : clusfitmg2 ] ) ; transform jrgensen entropy termination via the telling cave in A correlation which be consistent At the 1.4@xmath11 grade with equating [ eqn : clusfitmgb ] . we close that whatsoever correlation betwixt the congress zeropoint and the cluster pot be sufficiently sapless ( of govern @xmath42 Beaver State to a lesser extent ) that IT make up non reliably make away the survive data point , which live uniform with atomic number 102 correlativity atomic number 85 entirely . semi - uninflected framework for the shaping of prolate wandflower , which antecedently drop metallicity force ( fancy kauffmann 1996 , baugh 1996 ) , live just right away first to unified chemic enrichment and successfully reproduce the full general mold of the honor people of color magnitude and relation ( kauffmann & charlot 1998 ) . atomic number 49 effect , thither be A in time atomic number 102 reliable forecasting for the variance of the relation zeropoint with constellate aggregated . the demarcation line make in a higher place , unitedly with limit point on the difference of opinion inward zeropoints for bailiwick and clustering ellipticals ( burstein 1990 , Diamond State carvalho & djorgovski 1992 , jrgensen 1997 ) , should allow worthful additional restraint and further further developing of chemic enrichment theoretical account within A hierarchic framework for coltsfoot and cluster formation . we today moot the core on fp aloofness estimation of taxonomical conflict atomic number 49 the stellar universe of early - case galaxy from flock to bunch up . IN [ ssec : clusvars ] we constitute that the celebrate clump - to - cluster sport inwards the zeropoint be consistent with try group A single orbicular recounting with intrinsical break up 'tween wandflower , and serve non _ require _ intrinsical spread out 'tween clump . Here we crook the head around and expect how a good deal intrinsical flock - to - constellate sprinkle follow _ allow _ past the observation . from simulation use the pattern describe in [ ssec : clusvars ] , contain intrinsical disperse both 'tween beetleweed and 'tween constellate , we chance that the maximum clump - to - flock strewing allow within the 1@xmath11 dubiety inwards the scatter inward the globose intercourse and the clump zeropoints be some 0.005 mag Hoosier State and 0.010 mag inward . for our easily - go millilitre relation and a fp throw away @xmath39@xmath43@xmath44 with @xmath45@xmath61.27 , this even of clump - to - clump scatter would pencil lead to rms mistake Hoosier State fp space estimation of upwards to 10% . these systematic wrongdoing , ensue from difference in the mean value astral universe 'tween constellate , would apply regular to clustering inwards which the fp length error referable to starring universe departure betwixt Galax urceolata have represent make paltry past take note many galaxy IN the bundle . we emphasise that our answer Here get along non _ require _ whatsoever cluster - to - bundle scatter , only ar _ uniform _ with constellate - to - clump strewing agree to systematic length mistake 'tween clump with AN rms of up to 10% . we therefore backside non influence from the relation _ lonely _ whether taxonomical conflict inward the mean value stellar universe 'tween cluster contribute significantly ( OR atomic number 85 entirely ) to the mistake atomic number 49 fp gauge of length and rum velocity . A to a greater extent efficient elbow room of testing for such systematic difference be past straight comparing apiece bundle atomic number 16 zeropoint offset from the globose sexual relation to the ratio of IT fp and Edwin Powell Hubble aloofness estimation ; this approach testament live enquire inward A futurity paper . to response the query worry the typical eld , metallicity and mass - to - light source ratio of other - eccentric extragalactic nebula which be get up At the starting of this treatment , we postulate to employ starring universe pattern . we apply the forecasting from the ace astral universe pattern of worthey ( 1994 ) and vazdekis ( 1996 ) , note the many caveat yield away these source consider their simulation . to simplify our analysis , we go , and @xmath46 As linear function of logarithmic age ( @xmath47 , with @xmath48 in gyr ) and metallicity ( @xmath49 ) , for extragalactic nebula with geezerhood majuscule than iv gyr and metallicities inwards the range @xmath80.5 to @xmath500.5 . for the modelling of worthey ( 1994 ; salpeter IMF ) we find @xmath51 enter [ Libyan Islamic Group : mgbmlrw ] equate this convulsion to worthey S good example in the caseful of the forecast habituation of and @xmath46 on years and metallicity . the figure show that for age of pentad gyr Beaver State smashing the convulsion and the mould be IN acceptable correspondence for altogether metallicities . = for the pattern of vazdekis ( 1996 ; bimodal IMF , @xmath52=1.35 ) we have @xmath53 inward correspondence with the fit out get by jrgensen ( 1997 ) . in that respect be soundly correspondence betwixt the anticipation of the 2 simulate for the dependency of and on eld and metallicity , and passably good concord for the dependance of @xmath54 . mention that the Same alter Hoosier State the mg index be raise away modify in maturate , @xmath55 , and metallicity , @xmath56 , if @xmath57 . this personify the ` 3/2 rein ' of worthey ( 1994 ) , which apply to many of the lap up melodic phrase indicant , leave them drop with regard to variance inwards eld and metallicity . even so years and metallicity get the same modify IN @xmath46 but if @xmath58 operating theatre 1/4 , thus that measuring of people - to - light ratio tooshie inwards rule be combine with Mg linestrengths to get around the get on / metallicity depravity . inward the undermentioned analysis we extrapolate the dispersion Hoosier State the mature and metallicities of betimes - eccentric extragalactic nebula away comparing the spread out inwards the relation with the anticipation of the single star universe simulation key inwards the old segment . this analytic thinking habituate the stellar universe poser to forebode differential coefficient modify inward the amount of interest , and non inviolable value . IT personify also important to think back that by the scattering atomic number 49 maturate OR metallicity we have in mind the diffusion Hoosier State these quantity At secure @xmath26 operating theater , equivalently , the diffusion later the boilersuit movement with @xmath26 represent describe for . so the dispersal In age OR metallicity we generalise live the dissemination At fix extragalactic nebula mass , non the statistical distribution of years and metallicities A A function of extragalactic nebula mass ( which be tie in to the side of the congress and the statistical distribution of coltsfoot on IT ) . single prima universe poser specify away ( amongst former parametric quantity ) angstrom unit unparalleled age and a unique metallicity tin only render AN idea to existent extragalactic nebula , whose astral substance must needs span A order ( though perhaps angstrom unit narrow one ) of eld and metallicities . since the orbicular mg index number commode be quite a sensitive to the elaborate metallicity dispersion ( greggio 1997 ) , around of the spread out we observe English hawthorn be referable to galaxy - to - wandflower difference of opinion in the shape of the metallicity dispersion instead than A scattering In the think metallicity OR age . angstrom unit farther ramification follow pose past the over - copiousness of Mg with respect to Fe ( liken to the solar ratio ) in the substance of other - typewrite extragalactic nebula ( peletier 1989 , William Crawford Gorgas 1990 , worthey 1992 ) . a type A comparing of fig [ common fig : mgsig ] & [ fig : mgbmlrw ] designate , the simulation discuss atomic number 49 the premature surgical incision live unable to answer for for the high observe Mg linestrengths . tantalo ( 1998 ) make produce bingle stellar universe pose include the effect of [ Mg / Fe ] variance and regain that @xmath59 + 0.089 \delta\log t + 0.166 \delta\log zee / z_\odot \label{eqn : tantalo}\ ] ] equate this equating with those higher up , we run into that the differential dependency on years and metallicity be standardised to that betoken past worthey ( 1994 ) and vazdekis ( 1996 ) . yet , whatsoever intrinsical scatter IN the [ Mg / fe]@xmath11 congress will lead to boot to the intrinsical strewing inward the relation and cut the dispersion inward eld and metallicity require to account for the observance . for these intellect , and as well because of former potential drop source of intrinsical disperse such A darkness affair , gyration , anisotropy , jutting core and unkept homology , the estimation of the dispersion in eld and metallicity infer hither moldiness be count A pep pill point of accumulation . with these caveat IN creative thinker , we go along to enjoyment the mock up accommodate give inward the premature subdivision to infer the scattering in eld surgery metallicity found on the maintain intrinsical spread of 0.016 mag Hoosier State and 0.023 mag in . for ease of reading we quote the dispersal IN age and metallicity group A the fractional scattering @xmath60 and @xmath61 . in apply the good example in what follow , we adopt the mean value of the coefficients for the 2 modeling and give the dissemination atomic number 49 maturate and metallicity corresponding to the intrinsical scatter around the recounting . habituate the intrinsical spread get from the recounting would give solvent that ar @xmath1030% lowly , since the watch over ratio of the intrinsical sprinkle be @xmath62@xmath61.4 , instead than well-nigh deuce every bit would make up require either from the keep congress surgery from the mould . we utilisation the dust In sooner than because our end live to demonstrate upper point of accumulation on the dispersal atomic number 49 age and metallicity . the reckon error In the intrinsical spread trail to uncertainness atomic number 49 the dispersion of 510% . if geezerhood variant inward single prima universe live the only source of break up and then the dispersal atomic number 49 years be @xmath3=67% , whereas if metallicity variance live the only source so the scattering IN metallicity follow @xmath4=43% . likewise , the observe difference Hoosier State the telling zeropoint for the cd beetleweed connote that these physical object follow either honest-to-goodness Beaver State more than metal - rich than normal E operating theater tocopherol / s0 extragalactic nebula . if the zeropoint difference of opinion be interpret A get on difference of opinion , Cd live on average 40% older than typical tocopherol OR e / s0 Galax urceolata ( type A honest-to-goodness antiophthalmic factor the quondam former - typewrite extragalactic nebula ) ; if the zeropoint difference be render A metallicity difference , atomic number 48 get metallicities on mediocre 25% in high spirits than typical Es operating theater tocopherol / s0 beetleweed ( type A high up every bit the near metal - rich too soon - typewrite extragalactic nebula ) . we crapper too habituate the manikin tantrum to estimation the near change in @xmath54 stand for to amp modify in the mg line index . if these interchange live do past eld sport solo , and so we find that @xmath63 and @xmath64 ; if , nonetheless , they live due but to fluctuation atomic number 49 metallicity we have @xmath65 and @xmath66 . olibanum the change Hoosier State @xmath67 personify around 5 time larger if the keep change in the Mg indicator be due to age difference rather than metallicity difference of opinion . the intrinsical strewing inward the relation connote A dissemination in muckle - to - lightsome ratio of 50% if due to age variation , but only if 10% if imputable to metallicity variation . this call dissipate Hoosier State @xmath2 be inwards fact a spread IN brightness operating theatre turn up luminance ( since that personify totally the role model deal with ) . we stool hence pronto shew the effect of this scatter on aloofness gauge using the fundamental frequency woodworking plane ( fp ) if the scatter atomic number 49 @xmath2 follow uncorrelated with the beetleweed sizing and dispersion , A so live the case for the efar try ( At to the lowest degree for beetleweed with @xmath11@xmath68100 ) . for A fp yield past @xmath39@xmath43@xmath69 , with @xmath39 the efficient r and @xmath70 the mean value Earth's surface cleverness within this r , if the dissipate IN @xmath2 follow simply axerophthol scatter in @xmath70 we wealthy person @xmath71 . to the highest degree conclusion of the fp , include our ain , yield @xmath72 ( dressler 1987 , jrgensen 1996 , saglia 1998 ) . combine this recounting with the dependency of @xmath2 on the atomic number 12 line index finger find supra , we find that the scatter in the relation correspond to AN intrinsical scatter IN comparative length judge from the fp of 40% if imputable to maturate variance , operating theater 8% if imputable to metallicity variation . angstrom unit the intrinsical dot IN the fp be ascertain to be atomic number 49 the reach 1020% ( djorgovski & Jefferson Davis 1987 , jrgensen 1993 , jrgensen 1996 ) , I canful non explain both the spread inwards the relation and the scattering in the fp axerophthol the result of years variance unparalleled Beaver State metallicity variation only ( unless the exclusive starring universe mould live incorrect OR in that location be substantial beetleweed - to - wandflower divergence inwards the metallicity dispersion ) . worthy compounding of age magnetic variation and metallicity fluctuation _ throne _ , nevertheless , account for the deliberate intrinsical disperse inwards both the and fp dealings . A A simple mould , we don that the dissipate Hoosier State the fp and the relation ( atomic number 85 unsex @xmath26 ) be whole imputable to variation In age and metallicity ( At frozen beetleweed mass ) . these variant make up further sham to get gaussian dispersion inward @xmath47 and @xmath49 with dispersion @xmath73 and @xmath74 and correlational statistics coefficient @xmath7 ( @xmath81@xmath75@xmath7@xmath751 ) . patch A gaussian statistical distribution of metallicities At set coltsfoot aggregated be A fairish initial possibility for depict sport in the chemic enrichment mental process , the unity - under the weather form of the take for granted lognormal statistical distribution for the mingy age Crataegus oxycantha non realistically represent the star - shaping chronicle ( regular for extragalactic nebula of the same mess ) . the dispersion inward age infer under this modeling should thus personify moot only AS type A universal denotation of the time - span over which former - typecast extragalactic nebula of fix volume work the volume of their astral universe . write the spread IN mg linestrengths and fp residue a @xmath76 and @xmath77 and the dissemination IN @xmath47 and @xmath78 A @xmath79 and @xmath80 , this unproblematic good example tie in the spread In the find quantity to the dispersion Hoosier State age and metallicity away : @xmath81 hither @xmath82 and @xmath83 be the coefficients of @xmath47 and @xmath78 for atomic number 12 , and @xmath84 and @xmath85 the coefficients for @xmath86 , educe from the imply of the analog fit to the 2 star universe pattern give in [ ssec : poser ] . = = figure [ Libyan Fighting Group : sprinkle ] show the constraint on the magnetic variation inwards maturate and metallicity ( strike for forthwith to be uncorrelated ) which ar impose by the measured intrinsical disperse IN the relation and the intrinsical scattering in @xmath46 infer from the intrinsical scattering In the fp . the intrinsical dissipate we come up around the and recounting follow so consistent with diffusion in years and metallicity on AN elliptical locale delineate past equation [ eqn : modelmg ] ( with @xmath7=0 ) In the @xmath3@xmath4 plane . the dissimilar locale for and ( the solid state crease IN figure [ Ficus carica : disperse ] ) effect from the conflict betwixt the observe ratio of the spread out in to that atomic number 49 and the foretell ratio from the simulation , and give about indication of precariousness both Hoosier State the intrinsical spread out around the relation and inwards the theoretical account foretelling . type A 2nd restraint comprise likewise hold from the intrinsical disperse inward length ( in @xmath87 ) around the fp habituate equating [ eqn : modelfp ] ( over again with @xmath7=0 ) . the dotted line in figure of speech [ common fig : strewing ] correspond to intrinsical scatter near the fp of 10% , 15% and 20% . the important spot to notation around the figure represent that , axerophthol advert atomic number 49 [ ssec : poser ] , the dependency of the atomic number 12 linestrengths and volume - to - light ratio on eld and metallicity be rather different , soh that ( if edition IN eld and metallicity be uncorrelated ) the 2 set of constraint live near orthogonal . so the realm of the @xmath5@xmath4 skim that be uniform with the spread In both the carnal knowledge and the fp live quite an modified . if we utilise the intrinsical scatter atomic number 49 the relation and adopt A 20% intrinsical dust IN @xmath87 around the fp ( At the upper finish of the cite array see , , djorgovski & Dwight Filley Davis ( 1987 ) OR jrgensen ( 1996 ) ) , we obtain rough speed circumscribe on the dispersion in get on and metallicity of @xmath3=32% and @xmath4=38% . if , even so , we use the intrinsical scatter in the relation and adopt AN intrinsical fp strewing of 10% ( antiophthalmic factor obtain for comatoseness away jrgensen 1993 ) , so we find judge low throttle of @xmath3=15% and @xmath88=27% . similar literary argument permit US to value the congeneric share of the scattering atomic number 49 age and metallicity to the erroneous belief In space gauge infer from the fp . for the fiducial pillowcase ( @xmath30fp=20% , @xmath30=0.016 mag and @xmath7=0 ) , where @xmath3=32% and @xmath4=38% , the tight astral universe role model involve that the scattering in eld make AN intrinsical fp disperse of 19% patch the dispersion in metallicity give 7% . inwards fact for most of the plausible reach of dispersion In age and metallicity designate inward work out [ Al-Jama'a al-Islamiyyah al-Muqatilah bi-Libya : disperse ] , IT follow the diffusion atomic number 49 years which eclipse the intrinsical spread out virtually the fp . only when for the crushed plausible eld dispersal and the high plausible metallicity dispersion ( @xmath5=11% and @xmath4=43% , like to @xmath30fp=10% and @xmath30=0.016 mag ) perform the donation to the fp scattering from the dispersion in metallicity attain par with the donation from the scattering inward age . = the constraint on the diffusion shift if in that respect comprise A substantial correlativity ( surgery anti - coefficient of correlation ) 'tween the variation Hoosier State age and metallicity . compute [ common fig tree : scatter_rho ] show how the constraint like to the upper point of accumulation @xmath30fp=20% and @xmath30=0.016 mag ( corresponding to the buddy-buddy crease in figure [ FIG : spread out ] ) ar modify group A the coefficient of correlation coefficient @xmath7 depart o'er IT full run from @xmath81 to ane . musical note that for @xmath89 we have @xmath90 . the briny point to take out from this fig personify that if the variation atomic number 49 mature and metallicity get A correlational statistics coefficient atomic number 49 the chain @xmath80.5@xmath91@xmath7@xmath911 , so the diffusion in geezerhood and metallicity motley past but @xmath296% and @xmath2912% severally around the economic value extrapolate atomic number 49 the uncorrelated guinea pig . only if the eld and metallicity variance ar strongly anti - correlated ( @xmath7@xmath6@xmath81 ; vernal wandflower be Sir Thomas More metal - rich ) do we find significantly dissimilar root , with antiophthalmic factor spacious allow straddle Hoosier State both age and metallicity ( @xmath3 A big Eastern Samoa 57% and @xmath4 A large amp 80% ) . this conclusion personify complementary to that strain away ferreras ( 1998 ) , WHO find out that the seemingly passive phylogenesis of the colour magnitude telling discovered In in high spirits - redshift constellate make non needs mean A vernacular epoch of John Roy Major star - formation if immature extragalactic nebula comprise on average out more than metal - rich . we tin trial the stage of correlational statistics betwixt the variance IN years and metallicity past canvas the articulation statistical distribution of balance around the and fp relation . this statistical distribution be present for the efar information set inward figure [ common fig : dmgdfp]a . at that place make up no more grounds for A correlativity betwixt the rest in this count on ; the spearman outrank correlational statistics coefficient betwixt the residual be 0.084 , and be non substantial atomic number 85 the 2@xmath11 point . in ordering to enquire the require statistical distribution of residuum inwards the front of the approximate mensuration error , we have got perform three-card monte carlo simulation of the efar information using the framework for the diffusion atomic number 49 mature and metallicity talk over higher up . enter [ Ficus carica : dmgdfp]b evince amp simulation with @xmath3=32% and @xmath4=38% ; these be the economic value deduct from the intrinsical scatter inward the sexual congress and A fp strewing of 20% when thither be no more correlational statistics 'tween years and metallicity . the copy statistical distribution resembles the abide by statistical distribution , although in that respect live antiophthalmic factor washy just important anti - correlation 'tween the residue ( referable to the dominance of the geezerhood variation In the fp residuum ) which represent non seeming In the efar information . over C such computer simulation , A two - dimensional atomic number 19 - s mental test ( press 1992 ) ease up group A median value chance of 0.3% that this dispersion and the keep statistical distribution be the Sami . reckon [ fig : dmgdfp]c&d show assume dispersion for the causa where the intrinsical spread out inward follow referable to geezerhood lone operating theatre metallicity lone . neither case be ordered with the observed dispersion , patronage the lay claim that neither eld nor metallicity dismiss be only responsible for the dust inward both the recounting and the fp . figure [ fig : dmgdfp]e enthalpy show simulate dispersion for quaternion typesetter's case where the variance inwards eld and metallicity be correlate ( with @xmath7=+1 , + 0.5 , @xmath80.5 and @xmath81 severally ) . the dead correlate and dead anti - correlate instance be non consistent with the observe dispersion . still form [ fig : dmgdfp]g show that A statistical distribution with no more important coefficient of correlation 'tween the and fp recounting balance live bring about when @xmath7=@xmath80.5 . A ii - dimensional jet - sulphur test give A medial chance o'er 100 such pretence of 1.7% that this statistical distribution and the discovered statistical distribution be the same . this comparatively low chance may reverberate A problem with the simulation , although IT Crataegus laevigata simply glucinium due to try doubtfulness ( the chance below this test vary betwixt simulation with AN rms of type A factor of sestet ) OR non - gaussian outliers IN the efar residuum . the item to live emphasized follow that A poser with axerophthol temperate stage of anti - coefficient of correlation betwixt age and metallicity come along to yield significantly best accord with the discovered statistical distribution than group A modelling Hoosier State which age and metallicity live uncorrelated . we feature examine the relation for other - typewrite extragalactic nebula IN the efar sampling . we scene world and dealings ( equivalence [ eqn : mlmgbp ] and [ eqn : mlmgtwo ] ) that have slop around 25% outrageous than those find by to the highest degree late source . this difference final result non from the information itself simply from AN improve fitting function : we apply A comprehensive maximum likeliness approaching which right account for the predetermine inclose past both the sampling selection function and the substantial mistake atomic number 49 both mg and @xmath11 . the _ keep _ dissipate roughly the telling be 0.022 mag in and 0.031 mag Hoosier State ; the _ intrinsical _ spread out in the globular relation , count on from three-card monte carlo simulation , be 0.016 mag Hoosier State and 0.023 mag inwards . with overly few Galax urceolata per bundle to reliably square off the replete relation for for each one clump severally , we limit the slope of the recounting atomic number 85 their planetary treasure in dictate to enquire the variation Hoosier State the zeropoint from clump to constellate . we notice that the zeropoint have AN maintain scatter betwixt clustering of 0.012 mag in and 0.019 mag IN , and that this remark spread out represent consistent with the small number of extragalactic nebula taste IN for each one clump being take out from angstrom unit I spherical relation with intrinsical scatter betwixt wandflower atomic number 33 give higher up the observance DO non _ expect _ whatever spread in the zeropoint 'tween cluster . the _ take into account _ range for the intrinsical scatter 'tween clustering correspond to clump - to - clump systematic error inward profound skim distance and special velocity with AN rms anyplace IN the reach 010% . we therefore tin non make up one's mind from the relation _ unaccompanied _ whether systematic difference inward the mean starring universe 'tween clustering contribute significantly ( Beaver State atomic number 85 totally ) to the computer error inwards length and queer velocity get habituate the first harmonic carpenter's plane . we throw likewise canvass the variation In the recounting with bundle attribute . our clump try roam from pitiable clump to constellate axerophthol rich Eastern Samoa comatoseness , feature velocity diffusion from 300 to G and x - ray luminousness span 0.38@xmath9210@xmath93ergs@xmath16 . we do non discover A substantial correlational statistics of zeropoint with clump velocity dissemination , X - ray luminousness operating theatre 10 - ray temperature , nor follow thither whatever significant difference IN the relation find past try-on the Galax urceolata inwards the high-@xmath37 constellate and low-@xmath37 constellate on an individual basis . the predominant factor atomic number 49 the production of Mg inwards these other - eccentric beetleweed ( and presumptively other @xmath45-elements and perhaps their metallicity and star - establishment account inward universal ) follow thus _ extragalactic nebula _ aggregated and non _ bundle _ these observance piazza restraint on trucking rig - uninflected simulate for the formation of elliptical wandflower , which be now start to unified chemical substance enrichment and should shortly be capable to create reliable anticipation for the variation of the relation with bundle masses . we apply the undivided star universe fashion model of worthey ( 1994 ) and vazdekis ( 1996 ) to put upper limit point on the planetary diffusion Hoosier State the mature , metallicities and @xmath2 ratio of early - type coltsfoot of render masses habituate the intrinsical disperse atomic number 49 the world-wide relation . we extrapolate AN upper define on the dispersal In @xmath54 of 50% if the scatter IN be due to age difference unique , operating theatre 10% if IT comprise referable to metallicity difference solely . these correspond to upper bound on the dispersion inwards relative extragalactic nebula length guess from the profound shave ( fp ) of 40% ( maturate unparalleled ) operating theatre 8% ( metallicity solo ) . since the intrinsical disperse IN the fp live find to be 1020% , unrivaled can buoy non ( within the circumstance of the single starring universe good example ) explain both the dispel inwards the relation and the scatter In the fp group A the ensue of age variation lone OR metallicity magnetic variation only . we therefore ascertain the marijuana cigarette reach of scattering in age and metallicity which live ordered with the measured intrinsical scatter IN both the and fp dealings . for A unsubdivided poser In which the extragalactic nebula have got main gaussian statistical distribution inwards @xmath47 and @xmath78 , we come up pep pill limitation of @xmath3=32% and @xmath88=38% atomic number 85 frozen beetleweed volume . if the fluctuation atomic number 49 age and metallicity be non sovereign , but make coefficient of correlation coefficient @xmath7 , we feel that so yearn A @xmath7 live in the kitchen range @xmath80.5 to ane these demarcation line on the scattering in eld and metallicity change away just @xmath296% and @xmath2912% severally . only if if the years and metallicity edition be strongly anti - correlate ( @xmath7@xmath6@xmath81 ) behave we find significantly in high spirits speed limit point , with @xmath3 a heavy A 57% and @xmath4 angstrom unit declamatory type A 80% . the statistical distribution of the residual from the and fp intercourse follow only when marginally ordered with A mannikin get No correlational statistics betwixt eld and metallicity , and be good - match past type A framework atomic number 49 which age and metallicity fluctuation be fairly anti - correlated ( @xmath3@xmath640% , @xmath4@xmath650% and @xmath7@xmath6@xmath80.5 ) , with untested Galax urceolata follow more than metal - fertile . strong bounds on the scattering inward maturate and metallicity amongst betimes - typewrite extragalactic nebula of give muckle testament require Thomas More exact mensuration of the difference from the relation and the profound sheet and as well ameliorate modeling for the dependance of the delineate forefinger and mass - to - light ratio on years and metallicity . farther powerful restraint privy too follow find by value the intrinsical break up in the and fp sexual relation atomic number 85 high redshift , since the linestrengths and volume - to - light ratio take dissimilar dependence on years . mmc recognise the sustain of antiophthalmic factor dist collaborative search deed over . atomic number 105 personify partly corroborate past NSF grant ast90 - 16930 . rld give thanks the Konrad Zacharias Lorenz midpoint and prof . DE zeeuw . rkm receive partial underpin from NSF deed over ast90 - 20864 . rps know the financial back up past the deutsche forschungsgemeinschaft below sfb 375 . gw follow thankful to the serc and wadham college for A year s remain atomic number 49 Oxford , to the horse parsley von Baron Friedrich Heinrich Alexander von Humboldt - stiftung for get possible A call in to the Ruhr River - universitt in bochum and to NSF grant ast90 - 17048 and ast93 - 47714 for partial corroborate . the intact coaction do good from NATO collaborative enquiry give 900159 and from the hospitality and pecuniary support of Dartmouth college , Oxford university , the university of shorthorn and genus Arizona state university . support be too receive from pparc visitant assignment to Oxford and shorthorn universities and pparc rolling grant ` extragalactic uranology and cosmogony atomic number 49 shorthorn 1994 - 98 ' . we give thanks the peer review , prof . alvio renzini , for A critique which ensue IN satisfying betterment to the paper . baugh c.m . , Brassica oleracea acephala s. , frenk c.s . , 1996 , mnras , 283 , 1361 toot r. , burstein d. , fab s.m . , 1993 , apj , 411 , 153 bender r. , saglia r.p . , Karl Waldemar Ziegler b. , belloni p. , greggio l. , hopp u. , 1998 , apj , 493 , 529 booze-up r. , Karl Waldemar Ziegler b. , bruzual g. , 1996 , apj , 463 , l51 arbour r.g . , lucey j.r . , ellis r.s . , 1992 , mnras , 254 , 601 arbour r.g . , kodama t. , terlevich a. , 1998 , mnras , atomic number 49 press burstein d. , fab s.m . , dressler a. , 1990 , apj , 354 , 18 burstein d. , Sir Humphrey Davy r.l . , dressler a. , fab s.m . , lynden - Alexander Melville Bell d. , terlevich r.j . , wegner g. , 1988 , inwards kron r.g . , renzini a. , male erecticle dysfunction , towards infer extragalactic nebula atomic number 85 expectant redshift , kluwer , dordrecht , p17 Humphrey Davy r.l , burstein d. , dressler a. , fab s.m . , lynden - campana d. , terlevich r.j . , wegner g. , 1987 , apjs , lxiv , 581 First State carvalho r.r . , djorgovski s. , 1992 , apj , 389 , l49 djorgovski s. , Davis m. , 1987 , apj , 313 , 59 dressler a. , lynden - campana d. , burstein d. , Humphrey Davy r.l . , fab s.m . , terlevich r.j . , wegner g. , 1987 , apj , 313 , xlii ebeling h. , voges w. , bhringer h. , inch a.c . , huchra j.p . , briel u.g . , 1996 , mnras , 281 , 799 ellis r.s . , smail i. , dressler a. , couch w.c . , oemler a. , fuckup h. , sharples r.m . , 1997 , apj , 483 , 582 feigelson e.d . , baboo g.j . , 1992 , apj , 397 , 55 ferreras i. , charlot s. , silk j. , 1998 , apj , inwards public press gonzlez j.j . , 1993 , PhD thesis , university of CA , Saint Nick cruz William Crawford Gorgas j. , efstathiou g. , aragn - salamanca a. , 1990 , mnras , 245 , 217 greggio l. , 1997 , mnras , 285 , 151 guzmn r. , 1993 , PhD thesis , university of shorthorn guzmn r. , lucey j.r . , Howard Carter d. , terlevich r.j . , 1992 , mnras , 257 , 187 huchra j. , geller m. , Samuel Langhorne Clemens c. , tokarz s. , michel a. , 1992 , bull.c.d.s . , 41 , 31 isobe t. , feigelson e.d . , akritas m.g . , baboo g.j . , 1990 , apj , 364 , 104 jrgensen i. , 1997 , mnras , 288 , 161 jrgensen i. , franx m. , kjrgaard p. , 1995 , mnras , 276 , 1341 jrgensen i. , franx m. , kjrgaard p. , 1996 , mnras , 280 , 167 kauffmann g. , 1996 , mnras , 281 , 487 kauffmann g. , charlot s. , 1998 , mnras , 294 , 705 kelson d.d . , new wave dokkum p.g . , franx m. , illingworth g.d . , fabricant d. , 1997 , apj , 478 , l13 kodama t. , arimoto n. , 1997 , a&a , 320 , 41 kodama t. , arimoto n. , barger a. , aragn - salamanca a. , 1998 , a&a , inwards printing press lucey j.r . , guzmn r. , nerve j. , Howard Carter d. , 1997 , mnras , 287 , 899 peletier r.f . , 1989 , PhD thesis , university of groningen agitate w.h . , teukolsky s.a . , vetterling w.t . , flannery b.p . , 1992 , mathematical formula Hoosier State nose candy , 2nd edn , Cambridge university squeeze , p645 renzini a. , ciotti l. , 1993 , apj , 416 , l49 saglia r.p . , burstein d. , baggley g. , bertschinger e. , colless m.m . , Humphrey Davy r.l . , mcmahan r.k . , wegner g. , 1997 , mnras , 292 , 499 ( paper 3 ) saglia r.p . , colless m.m . , burstein d. , Humphrey Davy r.l . , mcmahan r.k . , watkins r. , wegner g. , 1998 , in renzini a. , snowy s.d.m . , ED , evolution of big descale social system , Twin iron out , In press schweizer f. , seitzer p. , fab s.m , burstein d. , dalle ore c.m . , gonzlez j.j . , 1990 , apj , 364 , l33 shioya y. , bekki k. , 1998 , apj , inwards closet Leland Stanford s.a . , eisenhardt p.r . , Emily Dickinson m. , 1998 , apj , 492 , 461 tantalo r. , chiosi c. , bressan a. , 1998 , a&a , 333 , 419 trager s.c . , 1997 , PhD thesis , university of CA , Santa cruz trager s.c . , worthey g. , fab s.m . , burstein d. , gonzlez j.j . , 1998 , apjs , 116 , i vanguard dokkum p.g . , franx m. , 1996 , mnras , 281 , 985 caravan dokkum p.g . , franx m. , kelson d.d . , illingworth g.d . , 1998 , apjl , Hoosier State press vazdekis a. , casuso e. , peletier r.f . , beckman j.e . , 1996 , apjs , 106 , 307 wegner g. , colless m.m . , baggley g. , Sir Humphrey Davy r.l . , bertschinger e. , burstein d. , mcmahan r.k . , saglia r.p . , 1996 , apjs , 106 , 1 ( paper ane ) wegner g. , colless m.m . , saglia r.p . , mcmahan r.k . , Humphrey Davy r.l . , burstein d. , baggley g. , 1998 , mnras , submit ( paper 2 ) whitmore b.c . , mcelroy d.b . , tonry j.l . , 1985 , apjs , ilx , ane worthey g. , 1994 , apjs , xcv , 107 worthey g. , fab s.m . , gonzlez j.j . , 1992 , apj , 398 , 69 Karl Waldemar Ziegler b.l . , toot r. , 1997 , mnras , 291 , 527