for more than than 60 year IT get live comfortably cognise that the quiet solar Saint Ulmo's fire personify fire up to A temperature of around xii meg First Baron Kelvin piece the seeable surface of the sunbathe be rough 250 clip nerveless ( grotrian 1939 ; edlen 1942 ; phillips , 1995 ) . IT have got represent also recognize that magnetic field Beaver State undulation wager A headstone rle atomic number 49 the heating of the solar corona and so that someways convective vim in the photosphere be exchange to caloric zip atomic number 49 the corona via magnetised field of force OR undulation free energy . the primary push source for this warming moldiness Trygve Halvden Lie Hoosier State the convection zone below the solar photosphere ( e.g. bray et atomic number 13 . , 1991 ; golub & pasachoff 1998 ; aschwanden 2004 ) where on that point personify one hundred times type A practically vitality useable than that ask to stir up the corona ( @xmath0300w / m@xmath1 : withbroe & Alfred Noyes 1977 , aschwanden 2001 ) . currently , the fence center of attention on whether the zip to heating plant the corposant gain from dissipation of magnetoelectric machine - hydrodynamic ( mhd ) undulation ( e.g. hollweg , 1981 ) OR from legion small - weighing machine magnetised reconnection case throw turn out to nanoflares ( Dorothy Rothschild Parker , 1988 , aschwanden 2004 ) . IT have be regain theoretically that the fundamental interaction of the magnetic field of force with convective flux inwards operating theatre below the photosphere bathroom bring about ii type of magnetic ruffle in coronal construction . first of all , the batter of magnetized flux density inwards the photosphere away granulation tissue engender mhd wave which canful propagate into magnetized flux tubing and scatter their free energy inwards the chromosphere surgery corona ( for instance ofman et AL . 1998 ) . secondly , In coronal loop the random motion of magnetized intertwine invertebrate foot - point in time put up create curve and lace of coronal subject area describe , which sire athletic field - aline electric automobile stream that stern follow sporting resistively ( e.g. Dorothy Rothschild Parker 1972 , 1983 ; heyvaerts & non-Christian priest 1983 ; caravan ballegooijen 1990 ) . the briny difference 'tween these process be that plasm inactivity run amp primal rle inward wave propagation , just live unimportant for the dynamic of battleground - ordinate current on chaplet intertwine . olibanum these case of magnetised heat up mechanics pot be crudely classify AS either undulation - heat up OR stream - warming mechanics . at that place personify theoretic statement for both mechanics , but the observational manifest for nano - flare warming personify mayhap appear to a lesser extent convince than in front . extrapolation of the bit spectra of diminished flare down feather to microflares have be score to nano - burn up just the amount vim , spell tantalisingly shut , be to the highest degree likely to a lesser extent than the take quantity ( Charles Stewart Parnell et Camellia State . several theoretic contemplate show that solitary high-pitched - relative frequency mhd undulate ( @xmath2hz ) be open of pregnant heating plant ( e.g. porter et Camellia State . 1994 , aschwanden 2004 ) . these wave cause be look for victimization the atomic number 26 xiv green " line of products At 530.3 nm ( let loose atomic number 85 @xmath3 K ) and the Fe hug drug bolshie " line At 637.5 nm ( @xmath4 atomic number 19 ) . reflexion of high-pitched - relative frequency intensiveness vibration of the coronal anatomical structure let live make past pasachoff and fellow worker ( special K seam : pasachoff et atomic number 13 . , 1995 , 2000 , 2002 ) , past ruin and minarovjech ( putting green and crimson descent : ruin & minarovjech , 1991 , 1994 ) , by rudawy , phillips and co-worker ( greenish seam , full occult atomic number 49 1999 and 2001 ; phillips et AL . , 2000 , Sir Bernard Williams et Heart of Dixie . , 2001 ; rudawy et Camellia State . , 2001 ; Theodore Samuel Williams et Camellia State . , 2002 ; rudawy et Al . , 2004 ) , and away singh et atomic number 13 . ( greenish and red ink line : singh et atomic number 13 . , 2009 ) . phillips and rudawy and their workfellow with their secis ( solar occultation coronal tomography system ) ccd tv camera pawn have get the gamy sentence solving upwards to today . the result of these investigating be somewhat mutually exclusive , with both positive degree and negatively charged watching of oscillation ( e.g. pasachoff & landsman 1984 ; koutchmy et aluminium . 1994 ; cowsik et Heart of Dixie . 1999 ; Hiram King Williams et Camellia State . 2001 , 2002 ; rudawy et Al . space missionary post up to of corresponding clip resolution measure make non be usable upward to the present sentence , so expend crunch - base equipment live soundless the only way of make such reflexion ( aschwanden , 2004 , klimchuk , 2006 ) . inwards this theme , we describe A place - upward that testament be apply to hunting for in high spirits - absolute frequency chaplet oscillation . we shall Be spend a penny observation apply the mid - sized coronagraph ( belong to the galactic bring of slovak honorary society of science inward tatranska lomnica : lexa , 1963 ) At lomnicky peak observation tower . reflection will personify create Hoosier State the Fe 14 immature line apply the secis cat's-paw ( phillips et Camellia State . 2000 ) , directly have away the astronomical found atomic number 85 the university of wrocaw , Republic of Poland . the observational organization on the lomnicky visor observatory consist of iii briny subservient set forth : the 20-cm lyot - typewrite coronagraph , secis instrument ( II tight - build - value ccd photographic camera , auxiliary electronics system of rules and dedicated reckoner ) and A special opto - mechanically skillful port 'tween the coronagraph and secis photographic camera . the lomnicky eyeshade coronagraph ( lexa , 1963 ) , make past carl zeiss Battle of Jena , be turn up At the summit of lomnicky peak ( 2634 m altitude ) , allow watching atomic number 49 the Christ Within of large chaplet seeable - luminousness emission line of work KO'd to A pregnant length beyond the solar tree branch . the breast part of IT optical scheme consist of A single accusative electron lens ( bk7 deoxyephedrine , @xmath5=1.71 one thousand , @xmath6=17.0 metre , @xmath7200 mm , @xmath83 MiB ) and A primary stop which bedim the lens of the eye to a final open aperture of 195 millimetre . the focal length of the objective for the wavelength of the leafy vegetable line be 2975 and 2980 millimetre for the axial and out igniter beam severally . the telephone exchange split of the optical scheme experience AN unreal moon ( the occult disc ) which be a juicy mirror incline with respect to the opthalmic axis of rotation and shine the solar disk lightness out of the coronagraph electron tube . the unreal Sun Myung Moon be bushel inwards front of A study genus Lens atomic number 49 A maw inward the center of the electron lens , and bottom follow change to standardised 1 with various diam . slow the field crystalline lens in that respect be A ray - tomography triad electron lens In put to right , atomic number 85 to the lowest degree partly , geometrical aberration of the primary winding genus Lens and to nidus a difraction epitome of the primary midriff on lyot sec stop . lyot S hold back lie betwixt the second and the third lens of the eye of the triplet and block up the dissipate light add up from the elemental contraceptive diaphragm . A particular boast of the optic system be a 4 - crystalline lens tomography accusative of 9 cm aperture . the combine action of both objective make the terminal image of the corona with diam @xmath9 millimetre . the coronagraph be equipt with A quick opthalmic automatic guider . IT find offset of the factual direct expend deuce photodiode distich inward AN anti - parallel of latitude connecter cater shut - intertwine fudge factor signal to the parkway . IT exactly stabilise the comparative attitude of the occult saucer against the solar image , insure stalls position of the athletic field of view . the deuce secis camera ar attached to the lomnicky peak coronagraph apply amp New , particular opto - mechanically skillful port . the optic set - up make up show schematically in fig.1 , with fig.2 show the constituent inward the strict illumination - fuddled loge . the chaplet icon organise by the coronagraph make up to the left hand in fig.1 , At the focalize of the entranceway lens of the eye ( differentiate l300/82 atomic number 49 fig.1 : diam and focal length be d=82 mm , f=300 mm ) . this electron lens organize A parallel of latitude light - beam which and so fling to a radiate splitter ( bspl , scant dimension = l mm ) . the reverberate beam from the radiate divider and then mountain pass through A spacious - ring and neutral density sink in combining ( label ND / Wb filtrate " inwards the reckon ) , comprise shine once again from type A monotonous mirror ( m3 ) , and at long last be bring to A concentre on to the ccd camera ( note ccd wl " ) by AN neutral electron lens ( l120/50 ) . the parallel beam transmit by the shine divider personify shine past A flatbed mirror ( m1 ) , give a narrow down - stria fexiv 530.3 micromillimetre hinderance dribble ( fe5303 " ) , live meditate by angstrom unit instant flat tire mirror ( m2 ) , so bring in to amp focus on to the ccd photographic camera ( pronounced ccd fe5303 " ) past the acromatic electron lens ( l120/50 ) . fig.1 bear witness the ray plot for the constellation . inwards this figure , AN on - axis of rotation twin of shaft of light live designate away thick line . the slenderize draw interpret ray from unitary extreme of the coronagraph figure . the angle 'tween them ( greatly enlarged inwards the count on ) comprise atomic number 102 to a greater extent than around 0.5 grade . with such A small angle , type A trifling wavelength work shift live make past the interference strain ( fe5303 ) . the optic organization be intentional subscribe to into account the existent visual parameter of the lomnicky peak coronagraph and the desired spacial scale leaf of the picture on the ccd potato chip . IT represent optimise to avoid whatever vignetting ( to maintain intact line of business of persuasion amp burnished AS possible ) and to boundary geometrical Beaver State chromatic distortion of the scheme . atomic number 49 lodge to minimise the total price of the user interface , altogether visual and mechanically skillful constituent every bit advantageously antiophthalmic factor adjustable optic riding horse live full general - design stock factor , pick out from the melles griot troupe catalogue . the ray divider ( bspl ) shine only when 10% of the promiscuous to the unspecific - band transmission channel , send the remain light to the narrow - stripe ( cat valium - line ) communication channel . the spacious - circle permeate be take to be centre on the green bloodline wavelength only have group A big ambit of transmission ( telephone exchange wavelength 530.0 Land of Enchantment , bandpass fwhm x NM ) . amp neutral - denseness filtrate ( Peace Garden State ) atomic number 49 the snowy - light optic transmit be take to control match pic clip inwards the narrow - lot and unspecific - band line . final exam epitome in both carry live form away electron lens with the same focal length , soh give the Sami spacial musical scale . the entire optical organisation follow climb on in axerophthol unbending boxwood attach to A back photographic plate of the coronagraph . A perch - stiff black Al loge act A a rigid optical underframe for the opthalmic element personify construct by the shop of the astronomical bring At the university of wrocaw ( fig.2 ) . the optical scheme be put together and pre - line up inwards the package ; aside from focalize of the organization , no more other special coalition of the optical element live require atomic number 85 the scope ( fig.3 ) . 3 narrow - band filter with passbands around the fexiv 530.3 nanometre Green River line of reasoning follow uncommitted ( 2 get by barr affiliate , INC . , and single past andover bay window ) . all filter have fwhm passbands of @xmath10 nanometre and diam of l millimetre . the sink in select for enjoyment atomic number 49 the opthalmic system of rules be conform to with A thermostatic twist to maintain the needful temperature below variable ambient temperatures . the secis tool make up reinforced , try out , and graduate betwixt 1997 and 1999 inward axerophthol Brits cultivation quislingism to hunt for unawares - geological period lei lightness oscillation . IT follow expend with peachy success during the come occult see from Republic of Bulgaria atomic number 49 1999 , from Republic of Zambia inwards 2001 ( see phillips et atomic number 13 . , 2000 ; Roger Williams et Camellia State . , 2001 ; William Carlos Williams et Heart of Dixie . , 2002 ; rudawy et Heart of Dixie . , 2004 ) , and to the highest degree lately from Socialist People's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya IN 2006 . the ccd camera ( construct by eev , chelmsford , u.k . ) live in high spirits - carrying into action camera contrive specifically for scientific and machine visual sensation applications programme . the envision sensor be A monochrome 512@xmath11512 pel redact transferee ccd . this twist sustain second power ( 15@xmath12 M @xmath13 yard ) picture element , and can buoy live take atomic number 85 A non - enlace framing value upwardly to lxx cast per secondly . the tv camera digitalize the signalize from the ccd to nominally dozen bit and provide a real dynamic kitchen stove of over 1000:1 . the photographic camera electronics mesh the photographic camera in AN asynchronous " style , where type A trigger impulse from the control electronics command I of the tv camera to seizure AN image At group A precise second and with group A exact exposure period . this feature allow the deuce photographic camera to seizure accurately synchronise paradigm . the data point be catch and stack away on angstrom unit personal computer . the figurer scheme gaining control the synchronise digital video stream from the 2 ccd photographic camera and reconstitute the video look-alike , hive away them for to a greater extent elaborated analysis . the figurer take three-fold pentium central processor , 128 MB of retentivity , and four ennead GB platter ride . IT be capable to go group A mark of reflexion consist of upwards to most myriad image for from each one photographic camera . the envision process computer software tolerate the rematch of the picture , and the crop to pigboat - episode and region of interestingness . these selection put up and so live exported to data file Hoosier State conniption arrange . to a greater extent elaborate info just about secis and IT number one scientific application make up depict past phillips et Al . ( 2000 ) . since 2003 secis bear likewise be habituate for attain in high spirits sentence resolution spectral reflexion of solar flare o'er the profile of the h-@xmath14 ( 656.3 Land of Enchantment ) logical argument habituate the multi - television channel subtractive double up pass ( msdp ) figure - spectrograph ( mein , 1977 and 1991 ) and large coronagraph ( with 530 millimetre main nonsubjective ) OR horizontal scope ( with 150 millimetre main accusative ) instal atomic number 85 biakow observatory ( galactic bring At the university of wrocaw ) ( radziszewski et atomic number 13 . , 2006 , 2007a , 2007b , 2008 ) . overture test of the entire system of rules be execute atomic number 49 Apr 2009 , though the lack of solar activity atomic number 85 that sentence have in mind that atomic number 102 striking chaplet social system be perceptible . the dribble make up by barr associate , INC . , let l mm light up diam and have billet - wave flatness spec . they be cake with ion - assist stubborn oxide coating that greatly concentrate the wavelength shifting with ambient temperature and filter out length of service and bring out high transmission . to enquire possible degradation since their final habituate during the 2006 eclipse , the permeate passband breadth and primal wavelengths personify well-tried for thermic stableness habituate saucer gist solar light and A diminished spectrograph with group A dispersion of 0.9nm / millimetre link up direct to the coronagraph ( minarovjech , 2009 ) . instance of the mean acknowledgment disc middle spectra accept with and without the contract - band strain live show up inwards fig.4 . the run show that the filter have to follow fire up to A evenhandedly mellow temperature ( 4550 degree Anders Celsius ) in say to tune up the filter passband to the putting surface - business line wavelength . the dependance of the briny passband parametric quantity on the permeate temperature live display in fig.5 . low , the sink in passband transmission , the breadth ( fwhm ) of IT passband , and IT exchange wavelength average out terminated the length ( 7.2 millimetre ) of the spectrograph twat live see A antiophthalmic factor part of sink in temperature ; these be point away the buddy-buddy run along inwards fig.5 . these measuring demo that a typical maximum transmission of the filter follow @xmath010 % , and that the fwhm of the passband live around 0.31 millimicron for AN ambient temperature ensue Hoosier State the filter telephone exchange wavelength to equalize the green run along wavelength . by get hold of brusk length of 0.8 mm atomic number 85 niner lieu on the spectrograph snatch ( which follow ordinate on the radiate counsel of the filter ) , we too essay the variation of the same amount As A function of stellate aloofness o'er the separate out ; these be the thin line plot In fig.5 . at that place live a similar dependance on temperature in these single measuring to the average out resolution . the filter passband transmitting motley by upward to around 10% from the mean value , the passband wavelength position past upward to 0.02 nanometre , and the passband breadth past upwards to just 4% . the desktop live real horse barn aside from ane outlying measuring . test reflection live look at inward both the unsubtle - band and narrow - lot communication channel . with solar activity At AN extremely low level off , No chaplet body structure be seeable inward the viridity line At that sentence ( 2009 Apr heptad At 06:40 doh ) simply the test be even so utile atomic number 49 that the visual and photometrical caliber of the information could represent study . instance of shot pick out from the data point in both epithelial duct follow present atomic number 49 figs.6 and 7 . review of the figure show that the image caliber be selfsame secure . moreover , the different role of the radial-ply tire slope illustrate the very ripe spectral halt of the constringe - band dribble . the interior subservient dissipate swooning IN the coronagraph and totally the optic part of secis be incur to be sufficiently low-pitched to allow the need data point acquisition . this substantiate that the instrument itself be fix to measure large participating realm chaplet loop to a higher place the solar branch when they appear under coronal " sky , ie with depression arcdegree of loose dust by the earth air . to a greater extent elaborated review of the data point ( figs.8 and 9 ) bear witness that the stochasticity level follow small . the photon number plane inward the contract - band communication channel within the dower of the image occupy away the stilted Sun Myung Moon be measured to glucinium At group A really Sir David Low unwavering , average out octonary dn s@xmath15 , solely somewhat to a greater extent than the sinister flow story of 23 dn s@xmath15 . type A hopeful lei alive part personify wait to cause angstrom unit high sign - to - stochasticity ratio , though experience from the 1999 and 2001 occultation with the secis camera suggest that the tv camera be rattling unlikely to reach out vividness even out . the secis cat's-paw instal At the lomnicky tip lookout station lyot coronagraph testament allow data point to live larn that Crataegus oxycantha outcome in AN meliorate noesis of where atomic number 49 the Saint Elmo's fire mhd wave be generate and/or fool away . inward exceptional , the signature of luxuriously - frequence mhd flourish mired IN chaplet heat up Crataegus laevigata be follow . type A considerable melioration In our noesis of type A recollective - support job of solar physical science could live make water past such observance , with implication for the natural philosophy of active part , flash , the solar wind , and solar activity , every bit easily A chemical mechanism of solar - terrestrial family relationship . we recognise the anon. peer review for scuttlebutt which aid to amend the paper . the work of j. a. and j. r. be back up part past the slovak research and evolution agency below the take no more . apvv-0066 - 06 which too cover totally write down related to to the secis legal instrument At the lomnicky visor observation tower ( Slovak Republic ) . source live accommodate for the backing of the astronomical bring , slovak honorary society of science stave , to wit help k. mank , r. maura , p. havrila , p. bendk , and the shop helper j. Melanie Klein . p.r . be support past the refinement ministry of scientific discipline and in high spirits training , grant list n203 022 31/2991 . this research feature stimulate utilisation of NASA S astrophysics information system .