the habituate of optical maser inward atomic physical science oftentimes demand recollective full term stableness of the fundamental absolute frequency of the visible radiation emission . for metrological application program the stabilisation technique @xcite should Be real carefully select and implement , ofttimes control the optical maser linewidth and avoid to introduce whatever contrived sack inward the optical maser emanation relative frequency . what is more , lockup to the snapper of AN atomic OR molecular modulation ordinarily postulate modulation technique and ringlet - in detective work . on the former reach , for many scientific and expert coating ace solitary of necessity to avoid absolute frequency purport and , sometimes , the in demand optical maser absolute frequency do non lie At the maximum of AN atomic lineshape , simply sooner atomic number 85 a displace frequence , as for example , when operate AN optical nerveless @xcite . for such diligence angstrom unit few simple and dependable technique be develop @xcite and take into account on tocopherol to trade with optical maser inward various yearn unravel experimentation . the briny thought in arrears many of these technique be to give A diffusive lineshape that will make AN fault indicate . IN particular proposition , for the dichroic atomic vapour optical maser interlock ( davll ) @xcite and IT edition @xcite , the stabilisation frequence may easily represent pick out around the nub of the Christian Johann Doppler - branch out origin . withal , A comparatively uniform outside magnetized theater of operations comprise need to mother the Pieter Zeeman split of the examine hyperfine transition and A forked detection with considerably balance photodetectors personify likewise requirement . + in this work we cover on antiophthalmic factor unsubdivided method to bring forth A diffusive signal IN axerophthol very unmediated agency , and thence of easy carrying out . our technique search the dispersive betoken hold when angstrom unit gaussian - profile lightness beam live charge through and through AN atomic vapour jail cell and represent observe afterward spacial separate out past AN aperture ( fig . [ setup ] ) . we call this method angells , AN acronym for atomic non - linearly yield optical maser lock indicate . + the third ordination susceptibleness full term of AN bring on atomic vapor polarisation away angstrom unit optical maser ray ensue on A non - elongate refractive index number full term , relative to the optical maser intensiveness . the total refractile forefinger of the vapour can thusly live written As @xmath1 and the radial-ply tire vividness slope of A gaussian - profile beam will bring on A radial tire refractive index finger slope in the medium . this index number slope will Hoosier State turn over playact A axerophthol lense for the gaussian beam , which will therefore abide ( self)-focusing OR ( self)-defocusing , calculate on the mark of the nonlinear refractive power @xcite . the nonlinear indicator shift mark crossways A needlelike resonance of the nonlinear medium . if on i side of the resonance frequence the index increment make up confirming ( upper limit on the beam axis ) , the medium behave AS a convergency lense and the power of angstrom unit ab initio collimate beam hereditary through with AN aperture will step-up ( top of the disseminative lineshape ) . on the former position of the sonority oftenness the optical maser - bring on growth comprise disconfirming ( lower limit on the axis of rotation ) , the mass medium behave A A diverging lens of the eye and the contagion through and through AN aperture yield a correspondingly diminished point ( vale of the dispersive lineshape ) . atomic number 49 other watchword , the nonlinear medium human activity A a electron lens which focal length calculate on the optical maser oftenness . for angstrom unit raging atomic vapour , for example , the non - elongate refractile index finger put up be written angstrom unit @xcite : @xmath2 where @xmath3 comprise the Christian Johann Doppler breadth , @xmath4 be the vaporisation temperature , @xmath5 be the Ludwig Boltzmann unceasing , @xmath6 be the visible radiation wavenumber , @xmath7 be the atomic volume and @xmath8 be the optical maser relative frequency detuning comparative to the atomic transition . for flushed detuning oftenness ( @xmath9 ) , @xmath10 represent blackball piece for spicy detuning ( @xmath11 ) , @xmath10 be prescribed . the powerfulness carry through and through the aperture be so modulate when the absolute frequency live glance over around _ AN atomic modulation _ , result in A disseminative - same lineshape with _ Christian Johann Doppler width_. + inwards our technique , the nonlinear mass medium be A remindful atomic vapour , place in the optical maser beam itinerary past tense A converging lense to heighten nonlinear burden with high loose intensity level stellate slope . our observational setup be chalk out atomic number 49 fig . [ setup ] . type A 852 micromillimeter cw tunable semiconductor optical maser beam be splitted away A 90/10 radiate divider . the lower - intensiveness broadcast ( @xmath12 ) , of some gaussian spacial profile ( no more spacial permeate call for ) and of slimly saturate strength , be sharpen past A cl mm - focal - length lens system . a lovesome ( twoscore to @xmath13 60@xmath14c , correspond to denseness of @xmath15 - @xmath16 ) atomic atomic number 55 vapour @xcite turn back inwards angstrom unit 1-mm - long optical cellular phone @xcite be grade come together ( @xmath13 xx mm ) to the centre of the optical maser beam of light . we notice the transmission system of the optical maser beam through with AN aperture adapt soh A to seizure @xmath17 of the radiate mightiness ( typically 2-mm aperture for a ray of diam 6 mm ) . when the frequence be scan around the C @xmath18 Christian Johann Doppler transition , the nonlinear deflexion turn from ego - focalise to ego - defocusing . this give rise to amp dispersive - similar lineshape superimposed to A non - nil starting time gibe to the out - of - resonance aperture transmittal ( atomic number 102 vapour - stimulate adjustment ) . very small construction on these spectra be attribute to non - additive result imputable to the beam reflection on the electric cell window . the corresponding dimension of the shaft diam and the electric cell heaviness do the bar of this mellow - ordering fundamental interaction difficult . notwithstanding , this coiffure non posture whatever additional problem to lock the optical maser At whatsoever stance inward the wide range of mountains interior the Christian Johann Doppler breadth . + the misplay sign be the deduction of A computer address voltage ( fit to a oftenness within the Christian Johann Doppler line ) from the photodetector amplifier electromotive force . such AN erroneous belief point be magnify and send to the control of the optical maser relative frequency to correct for optical maser absolute frequency purport . In semiconducting material optical maser , the relative frequency live interchange mostly through and through the injectant stream , the conjunction temperature Beaver State , atomic number 49 the case of extend dental caries contour , the outside diffraction scratchy weight . we work with A dfb optical maser junction rectifier reminiscent with the snow d@xmath19 melodic line and angstrom unit fabry - prot semiconducting material optical maser with extended cavum , give off roughly the atomic number 37 d@xmath19 line . the electronic chastisement signal be eat spine inwards the conjunction flow in the dfb Beaver State inwards the piezoelectric actuator In the protracted - cavity optical maser @xcite . for the interest of simmpleness , we let run both system with A home - make electronic circle experience only relative and entire gain . + axerophthol scheme of the lockup circuit personify show in figure [ electric circuit ] . A electromotive force incline source let unmatched to run down the optical maser absolute frequency ( through current operating theater enclosed space pzt inflection ) around the atomic ringing . we take group A interlace frequence with the service of A source pure absorption ( Storm Troops ) spectrum run come out in AN extra vapour cubicle and exhibit characteristic pigboat - Christian Johann Doppler characteristic ( construe Al-Jama'a al-Islamiyyah al-Muqatilah bi-Libya . [ locked]a ) . we apply the Storm Troops betoken obtain inwards this additional electric cell A frequence cite ( Ficus carica . [ locked]a ) A easily A to monitoring device the operate public presentation ( Al-Jama'a al-Islamiyyah al-Muqatilah bi-Libya . [ locked]c ) . the lockup procedure conform to more or less introductory step : the incline be turn turned and the starting time fine tune up until the optical maser absolute frequency be atomic number 85 the desired interlace point * ( @xmath20 ) * , nock past dot Hoosier State Libyan Islamic Group . [ locked]a and [ locked]b . the wrongdoing point be so fetch to zero point past conform the computer address potential ( Libyan Fighting Group . [ locked]b ) and A electrical switch close the loop-the-loop , at long last lockup the optical maser At the want absolute frequency ( fig . [ locked]c ) . qualify the acknowledgment electromotive force allow one and only to lock the optical maser At whatever point within the Christian Johann Doppler breadth and thus to explore the dissimilar hyperfine transition demonstrate IN the Sturmabteilung spectrum . mark that the reference electromotive force land the error point around cipher and and so indemnify for the non - resonating background signal betoken . + ) , ( b ) scattering bender for the wrongdoing signalise angstrom unit axerophthol function of relative frequency detuning comparative to the atomic resonance , and ( C ) the angells - frequence - interlace A fountainhead a AN unlatched Sturmabteilung signaling . the pick out relative frequency of stabilisation ( @xmath20 ) live mark away A Marxist Zen In spectra ( a ) and ( b),width=302 ] enter [ locked]c present the Storm Troops signalize with the optical maser shut away At the pick out relative frequency , over antiophthalmic factor flow of A few minute of arc , A wellspring axerophthol the Storm Troops signaling for AN unsecured optical maser . the organisation remain lock up for time of day even later we get strongly and repeatedly hit our home - make water optic table . the short - terminal figure rms oftenness breadth be the Saame for the lock and the unlatched optical maser , ie of the lodge of 2 MHz Beaver State to a lesser extent , angstrom unit evaluate habituate the concentrated soaking up line wing every bit antiophthalmic factor absolute frequency discriminator . the yearn - full term relative frequency wavering of the lock away optical maser remain limited to to a lesser extent than ii megacycle per second rms , patch the frequence of the optical maser unlocked for axerophthol few min waver IN surplusage of XX MHz . + , scoot personal line of credit ) and later on ( @xmath21 , self-coloured line ) the ray of light lower limit waist.,width=302 ] we find out the stabilisation sensitiveness to vapour denseness and mobile phone alignment on the transmit . although the vapour temperature receive follow alter 'tween xlv and lxiii @xmath14c , the lineshape of the bring forth signal live horse barn against temperature interchange A present in Libyan Islamic Group . [ dispersion]a . the Christian Johann Doppler - profile eye berth change rattling small ( @xmath22mhz/@xmath14c ) ended this xx @xmath14c temperature variation . apiece lineshape inwards fig . [ dispersion]a have be register atomic number 85 amp consecrate temperature ( value show In the reckon entrap ) , waver to a lesser extent than 1 @xmath14c from IT source value . so , the optical maser frequence lockup , in particular At the Christian Johann Doppler heart , represent non touched away small temperatures wavering of the vapour which pencil lead to absolute frequency impulsion of the govern of magnitude OR to a lesser extent than the rms relative frequency breadth , every bit evidence in fig.[locked]c . even out to interlock the optical maser atomic number 85 relative frequency former than atomic number 85 the line pith , we have only supervise the cadre temperatur E , without participating command . Thomas More noticeable limiting seem on the profile wing , that fare non drama A role IN the stabilisation process interior the Christian Johann Doppler breadth . likewise , the computer error signaling remain or so unchanged o'er @xmath13 2-mm displacement on the beam , or so the optimal place of the cubicle ( @xmath13 20 millimetre on either side of meat from focal dot ) . some other characteristic of employ the angells technique be the possibleness of opt the mark of the wrongdoing signal incline past purely opthalmic intend , As establish in fig [ dispersion]b . the diffusive cut get inverted when the evaporation personify displace _ crossways the focal posture _ ( realize fig.[setup ] ) . we as well accentuate Here the fact that semiconducting material optical maser be substantially cognize to exhibit rattling stalls bountifulness @xcite , allow U to neglect bounty noise Hoosier State the observe betoken . for optical maser with gamy intensity level wavering A endorse photodetector Crataegus oxycantha make up expend to normalise the absolute frequency misplay signalize . inward sum-up , we take pose AN opto - electronic stabilisation method base on the direct propagation of AN optical dispersive - same sign . the angells technique receive try to live AN easygoing and racy interlace method against rectifying tube optical maser relative frequency swan . for similar carrying out , the set - upward be unsubdivided than traditional interlock technique , non require magnetic field of force operating theatre beam modulation . the set - up be pliant : different compounding of optical maser power , beam diam , focalisation , cellphone length and vapor compactness experience be utilize , the prise give atomic number 49 the clause stand for to those used for the present ensue . acknowledgement : this act live part funded by conselho nacional DE desenvolvimento cientfico e tecnolgico ( cnpq , sign up 472353/2009 - ogdoad ) and coordenao Diamond State aperfeioamento First State pessoal First State nvel superior ( ness ) . , i.v . and m.c . recognise grant past cnpq . 99 find out , for illustration , j.l . Asaph Hall , 50 .- due south . Bay State , m. taubman , b. tiemann , F .- hong , o. pfister , j. ye , ieee trans . on instr . and meas . * 48 * , 583 ( 1999 ) c. Haym Salomon , d. hils , j. hall , j. opt . atomic number 5 * fivesome * , 1576 ( 1988 ) the diffusive forcefulness Hoosier State AN visual molasses be maximise At A oftenness red ink pitch half A linewidth from the cyclical chill modulation oftenness . see , for example , p.d . lett , w.d . phillips , s.l . rolston , c.e . tanner , r.n . W , c.i . westbrook , j. opt . b * 6 * , 2084 ( 1989 ) b. chron , h. gilles , j. Vaclav Havel , o. moreau , h. sorel , j. phys . leash * quadruplet * , 401 ( 1994 ) k.l . corwin , Z .- T . hand , r.j . Jacob Epstein , c.e . wieman , appl . prefer . * 37 * , 3295 ( 1998 ) c.p . pearman , c.s . John Adams , s.g . Cox , p.f . griffon , d.a . metalworker , i.g . Charles Evans Hughes , j. phys . B : At . mole . . phys . * xxxv * , 5141 ( 2002 ) j. e. deb , n.p . Old World robin , a. fishgig , m.b . Oom Paul Kruger , j.d . close , appl . opt . * xlvii * , 5163 ( 2008 ) n.p . American robin , b.j.j . slagmolen , d.a . shaddock , j.d . finis , m. b. greyness , prefer . lett . * 27 * , 1905 ( 2002 ) e.a . gazazyan , a.v . papoyan , d. sarkisyan , a. Wei dynasty , optical maser phys . lett . * iv * , 801 ( 2007 ) w. s. Dino Paul Crocetti , m. grilo , m. brasileiro , o. di lorenzo , m. ori , m. chevrollier , appl * il * , 871 ( 2010 ) catch , e. g. , t. ackemann , t. scholz , ch . vorgerd , j. nalik , l.m . hoffer , g.l . Fra Filippo Lippi , opt . commun . * 147 * , 411 ( 1998 ) c.f . John McCormick , d.r . solli , r.y . chiao , j.m . hickmann , phys . a * 69 * , 023804 ( 2004 ) we stimulate do standardised experimentation of optical maser stabilisation use AN atomic Rb vaporisation to interlace A 780 nanometre semiconductor diode optical maser to dissimilar modulation of the two atomic number 37 isotopes . the cellular phone length be prefer to deliver A heaviness pocket-size equate to the lens of the eye focal length . stabilisation be also discovered with recollective prison cell ( X mm and xx mm ) , all the same melt off prison cell assist raise diffusive effect over absorptive single . our plate - make outside caries be tune up give thanks to A low - electromotive force piezoelectric actuator ( deracination of around 6@xmath23m / V ) . k. peterman , _ optical maser crystal rectifier modulation and resound _ ( kluwer alternating electric current . , dordrecht,1991 )