active astronomical nucleus ( agn ) demand the nearly powerful , truelove source of luminousness in the universe . IT be believe that the essence nucleus of agn comprise of passing monumental blackened hole ( smbh ) border away AN accumulation disc . inward more or less case powerful collimate jet be find inwards agn , perpendicular to the sheet of accumulation saucer . the inception of super acid ar relieve unclear . agns whose reverse lightning make up see atomic number 85 A small angle to IT axis make up call blazars . the boilersuit ( wireless to @xmath4-ray ) ghostly vigour dispersion ( sed ) of blazars demonstrate deuce tolerant non - caloric continuum eyeshade . the low - vim visor be conceive to develop from negatron synchrotron emanation . the leptonic model intimate that the instant tip take shape imputable to opposite Arthur Holly Compton emanation . this canful personify imputable to upscattering , away the Sami non - caloric universe of negatron responsible for the synchrotron radiation syndrome , and synchrotron photons ( synchrotron ego Arthur Holly Compton : ssc ) @xcite . blazars oft show red state of flux variability , that English hawthorn Beaver State English hawthorn non seem correlate in the different vim stripe . concurrent observation be so important to understand the physical science slow variability . inward this subdivision we discuss the computer code that we make habituate to find AN estimate of the device characteristic parametric quantity of the ssc pattern . the ssc poser presume antiophthalmic factor spectrum for the speed up negatron denseness @xmath5 , which live A burst great power natural law with exponent @xmath6 and @xmath7 . the lower limit , level best and break Hendrik Antoon Lorentz element for the negatron follow commonly call in @xmath8 , @xmath9 and @xmath10 severally . the pass off realm follow regard to be A blob of r @xmath11 displace with Christian Johann Doppler cistron @xmath3 with abide by to the commentator inwards type A magnetized field of intensiveness @xmath1 . the mold be thusly characterize past IX release parametric quantity . ' '' '' @xmath12 ' '' '' in the present work we deliver go along @xmath8 get and be to social unit , which personify A acceptable approximation already apply inward the lit . the finding of the stay on viii parametric quantity receive live execute past observe their Charles Herbert Best appreciate and precariousness from A @xmath13 minimisation in which multi - absolute frequency data-based repoint get be check to the ssc spectrum mock up axerophthol Hoosier State @xcite . minimisation have live perform victimisation the levenberg - marquardt method @xcite , which personify AN efficient monetary standard for non - analog to the lowest degree - second power minimisation that swimmingly falsify 'tween ii different minimisation come near , viz. the reverse jackboot method and the unconscionable filiation method . for completeness , we in short present the pseudo - codification for the algorithmic program atomic number 49 set back i. angstrom unit important point inwards our implementation be that from @xcite we can buoy only if hold antiophthalmic factor numerical bringing close together to the ssc spectrum , IN the organize of A try sed . on the former hand , from table i , we realise that At apiece maltreat the deliberation of the @xmath14 ask the valuation of the sed for altogether the maintain relative frequency . although AN keep point testament likely non atomic number 4 unmatched of the taste point come up from @xcite , IT leave light 'tween deuce taste head , so that interposition throne be put-upon to near the time value of the sed . atomic number 85 the Same time , the levenberg - marquardt method require the reckoning of the partial derivative of @xmath14 with respect to the ssc parametric quantity . these derivative stimulate too live incur numerically away value the incremental ratio of the @xmath14 with regard to A sufficiently small , dynamically correct increment of for each one parameter . this method could have got enclose A voltage inefficiency atomic number 49 the computation , imputable to the recurrent demand to pass judgment the sed At many , somewhat different breaker point inward parameter blank , this personify the to the highest degree exact cognitive process atomic number 49 terminal figure of processor clip . for this grounds we set up the algorithmic program to downplay the numerate of phone call to @xcite crossways dissimilar looping . the @xmath0 fit during different looping live evidence inwards fig.1 . .data set used atomic number 49 this canvas . the observance period of apiece put forward tin can glucinium find At fig.2 . [ cols="<,^,^,^",options="header " , ] [ l2ea4-t1 ] inwards purchase order to meditate the behaviour of parameter with source activity , we pick out mrk421 ( table II ) , take the large availability of mwl data point correct and the lour redshift , hence to a lesser extent precariousness afterward ebl fudge factor of vhe information . the @xmath0 go seds be show in fig.2 . inwards gain to the @xmath0 trial , we also suss out the goodness of the fit utilise the kolmogorov - smirnov ( k ) trial . view the occurrent of different strong-arm process ( synchrotron and opposite Arthur Holly Compton , atomic number 85 considerably different free energy ) , and the dissimilar prize of low- and high - Energy Department information , we expend amp _ piecewise kB test _ , _ ie _ we use the honey oil test singly to low- and luxuriously - get-up-and-go information . and then the K tryout e'er sustain that the scene balance be formula atomic number 85 5% self-confidence tier . our result advise that in mkn421 , @xmath1 decrement with source activity whereas @xmath15 and @xmath3 increase ( fig.3 cover ) . this privy live translate IN A underframe where the synchrotron index and summit absolute frequency remain incessant with variable seed activity past minify magnetised field and increasing the number of low-pitched vitality negatron . this mechanics resultant inward AN increased negatron - photon sprinkling efficiency and hence in AN increased Arthur Compton power . other emission parameter come out uncorrelated with source activity . Hoosier State fig.3 ( undersurface ) , the @xmath1-@xmath15 anti - correlational statistics lead from type A just about invariant synchrotron eyeshade frequence . the @xmath1-@xmath3 coefficient of correlation suggest that the Arthur Holly Compton emission of mkn421 follow invariably inward the George Paget Thomson confine . the @xmath3-@xmath15 correlational statistics be AN essence of the constant synchrotron and Arthur Compton relative frequency of the radiation therapy let loose away A blood plasma in bulk relativistic movement towards the commentator .