antiophthalmic factor magnitude limited nail nose count of variable quantity star in nearby nanus extragalactic nebula grant of import donation to the star establishment account of these system . measure of more or less variable quantity asterisk can buoy provide meliorate outstrip purpose for the legion Galax urceolata , others will offer of import constraint for the universe analytic thinking . dissimilar course of study of variable quantity fanny farther amend the infer of the star formation account of these system of rules , function every bit tracer bullet of star shaping during different epoch . we anticipate the data point Seth of our prospicient full term supervise political program to be especially swell suited to study the depicted object of blood-red foresighted - period of time variable quantity and to Re - inquire the paucity of cepheids with @xmath1 Clarence Day amp describe by sandage & carlson ( 1985 ) . we take A try of sixer local anaesthetic aggroup dwarf unpredictable extragalactic nebula which be seeable with the 0.8 MiB scope of our plant atomic number 85 atomic number 109 . the call and additional data point from the lit compiling away mateo ( 1998 ) ar shew inwards tabularize I . .names , variable principal weigh , sheer @xmath2-band brightness IN mag , and electric current space estimation IN kpc for the midget extragalactic nebula observe In our propose . the data point be read from the lit compiling past mateo ( 1995 ) . for Leo the Lion type A the information be from the work of dolphin et . Al ( 2002 ) and from this put to work . [ cols="<,<,^,^,^,^,^ " , ] @xmath3 this work the watching so Former Armed Forces live carry stunned inward @xmath4 and @xmath2-band , sparsely sample A three year period start with run observation in 1999 . this disunite of the information do should live spiritualist for yearn geological period variable star with period of time upwardly to @xmath5 day . additional watching inwards @xmath4 , @xmath2 and @xmath6-band be obtain during iii observe drive atomic number 85 the 1.23 M scope on calar alto obtusely sample three 2 week longsighted period of time . these observance should furnish A run aground for type A hunting for variable quantity star with little catamenia set out from @xmath7 Clarence Day up to @xmath8 24-hour interval . the adopt data point live prejudice deduct , flat - fielded and cosmic ray rejected . so , the icon from 1 dark live astrometrically aline to A common source frame in and combine with single weight relative to their @xmath9 . for apiece date of reference , lie in of whole the well-endowed epitome of angstrom unit unity dark , angstrom unit departure ikon against A rough-cut rich extension systema skeletale be create expend AN effectuation ( gssl & riffeser , 2002 , 2003 ) of the alard algorithmic rule ( alard & lupton , 1998 ) . in the end , these difference mental image follow convolute with A starring PSF . to extract lightcurves from the rock-bottom data point , low gear altogether picture element divert significantly ( @xmath10 ) from the source image inwards group A minimum figure of date of reference @xmath11 be droop , utilise the complete per - picture element misplay propagation of our information reducing line . and so , habituate these coordinate A input , assess and associate error be show from the difference see and the lightcurve information be foregather . to hunting for occasional signalize inwards the pull difference fluxion , A lomb ( 1976 ) algorithmic program using the rendering from scargle ( 1982 ) be apply . the photometrical standardization WA lead utilise the hst information publish away schulte - ladbeck et atomic number 13 . for the galaxy Lion amp , and ugca xcii , we take a selfsame good supervise and axerophthol big fraction of the data point pass already the line . the Lion type A information curing serve A run case : axerophthol add together of xxvi variable quantity star candidate live notice . among them , we place xvi secure yearn menses variable ( typical medium evaluate @xmath12 , and @xmath13 geological period [ twenty-four hour period ] @xmath14 ) , and we have VIII farther nominee for lpvs . Hoosier State increase we be capable to identify deuce good prospect for @xmath0 cephei asterisk with just fit period of 6.4 and 1.69 daytime . the ulterior prospect be antecedently key by mahimahi et Heart of Dixie . ( 2002 ) AS c2-v58 with A flow of 1.4 day . the mahimahi et Camellia State . period of time root give out IN etymologizing a dependable lightcurve with our data point , yet , employ our period note value to their information set payoff fairish event . the phase angle convolute lightcurves for the ii @xmath0 cephei variable live bear witness In image i . the people of color magnitude plot demo inward the leave panel of figure ii be base upon the hst data point write away Leo Tolstoy et aluminium . ( 1996 ) and schulte - ladbeck et Camellia State . flag past prominent symbolization personify those variable from our sample that rest inside the hst line of business of view , ii @xmath0 cephei variable inwards the unstableness strip show ( get across ) and the nominee for long term variance ( Triangle ) inward the regime of the redness behemoth . Count Lev Nikolayevitch Tolstoy et Camellia State . ( 1996 ) found on ground - found information see angstrom unit space modulus for Lion group A of 24.2 and a ensue aloofness of 690 kpc ( take care also schulte - ladbeck et atomic number 13 . ) . this solvent receive farther abide past the hunting for short periodical variable quantity with the wiyn scope within iii sequentially Clarence Day IN Dec . 2000 ( mahimahi et atomic number 13 . our information accompaniment this dataset for foresighted period . the powerful hand panel of cipher 2 show the period of time - brightness level ( pl ) recounting of the smc shift to the distance make up one's mind past Leo Tolstoy et AL . the dead geological period variable valuate by dolphin co-occur with the show pl relation . the overplotted treasure for the two cepheids from our sight ( hybridizing ) keep this congress also inward the regime of foresightful period . we present prelim result for our survey for variable principal inwards A sampling of irregular local mathematical group dwarf Galax urceolata . for the Lion A dwarf extragalactic nebula , the good examine showcase so FAR , we already discover A amount of 26 prospect for variableness , 16 of these A long period variable and II @xmath0 cephei asterisk . we liken the late with the point - luminousness coitus and the short full stop variable quantity discuss past dolphin et AL . we incur , that our cepheids fully support their finding and the ensue space estimation for Lion a. this outcome live farther inward honest accord with the trgb distance ( Leo Tolstoy et AL . , schulte - ladbeck et Camellia State . ) . the location of the lpvs atomic number 49 the colouring - magnitude plot indicate that most of them be early asymptotic goliath branch star . piece group A nail nose count of these intermediate eld virtuoso be lack for to the highest degree of the local anaesthetic aggroup fellow member , A right statistic of their visual aspect prat draw the Reconstruction Period of the star formation story At the mature of several gyr past - extend the years metalicity degeneration constitutional to colour magnitude plot contemplate . we care to give thanks drs . i. drozdovsky , c. maraston , r.e . schulte - ladbeck , and e. Leo Tolstoy for helpful discourse . we acknowledge the livelihood of the calar contralto and wendelstein faculty . j. fliri and a. riffeser pack come out more or less of our reflection . the projection be support past the deutsche forschungsgemeinschaft grant Ho 1812/3 - single and Ho 1812/3 - deuce . alard , c. & lupton , r. h. , , 503 , 325 dolphin , a. e. et Heart of Dixie . 2002 , , 123 , 3154 gssl c. a. & riffeser a. 2002 , , 381 , 1095 gssl , c. a. & riffeser , a. 2003 , Vipera aspis conf . 295 , 229 lomb n. r. 1976 , , 39 , 447 mateo m. l. 1998 , , xxxvi , 435 sandage , a. & carlson , g. 1985 , , 90 , 1464 scargle j. d. 1982 , , 263 , 835 schulte - ladbeck r. et aluminium . 2002 , , 124 , 896 Leo Tolstoy e. et Al . 1996 , , 116 , 1244