the transport dimension of nonlinear non - sense of equilibrium dynamical system of rules make up Interahamwe from well - understood@xcite . view in peculiar thus - call rachet organisation which comprise asymmetric occasional potential drop where AN tout ensemble of mote see direct transport@xcite . the origin of the stake In this prevarication Hoosier State thoughtfulness astir draw out utile act upon from unbiased noisy fluctuation amp seem to materialise In biologic systems@xcite . late tending have be concentre on the behaviour of deterministic disorderly ratchets@xcite A easily group A hamiltonian ratchets@xcite . helter-skelter scheme follow outlined A those which be sensitively qualified on initial condition . whether helter-skelter OR non , the behaviour of nonlinear organization let in the modulation from regular to helter-skelter behaviour follow inwards ecumenical sensitively dependent on the parametric quantity of the system of rules . that comprise , the phase angle - space complex body part be ordinarily comparatively perplex , consist of stableness islands embed Hoosier State disorderly sea , for example , Beaver State of at the same time Centennial State - be attraction . this throne change significantly a parameter modify . for deterrent example , stableness islands lavatory unify into to each one other , OR happy chance apart , and the disorderly sea itself Crataegus oxycantha catch gaunt turned OR otherwise shift , operating theatre attractive feature can buoy exchange correspondence operating theatre biramous . this intend that the channel holding canful change dramatically group A advantageously . A few eld agone , mateos@xcite count a specific rachet model with A periodically thrust underdamped subatomic particle . He wait atomic number 85 AN ensemble of subatomic particle , specifically the velocity for the particle , average out o'er time and the entire tout ensemble . He show that this quantity , which make up AN intuitively sensible definition of ` the current ' , could live either confirming Beaver State negative bet on the bounty @xmath0 of the occasional force for the organization . At the Sami sentence , at that place be set out inwards @xmath0 where the flight of AN case-by-case subatomic particle exhibit helter-skelter dynamic . mateos hypothecate A connector 'tween these 2 phenomena , specifically that the volte-face of flow charge represent correlate with A bifurcation from disorderly to occasional behaviour IN the flight dynamic . regular though IT be unconvincing that such a resolution would live universally valid crossways entirely disorderly deterministic ratch , IT would motionless be exceedingly utile to take in ecumenical heuristic rule ruler such axerophthol this . these devise rule would permit close to care on characterize the many different sort of behaviour that live possible atomic number 49 such scheme . A recent investigation@xcite of the mateos surmisal past barbi and salerno , withal , indicate that IT follow non A valid regulation regular In the specific system moot past mateos . they present result record that IT be possible to experience electric current reverse in the absence seizure of bifurcations from periodical to helter-skelter conduct . they suggest AN choice descent for the stream blow , suggest IT be colligate to the dissimilar stability prop of the go around periodical electron orbit of the system of rules . these latter outcome seem essentially sensible . notwithstanding , this paper base IT parameter around electric current on the behavior of A _ single _ speck A counterbalance to AN supporting players . this implicitly adopt that the kinetics of the scheme ar ergodic . this be non dead on target atomic number 49 superior general for disorderly system of rules of the case follow weigh . Hoosier State specific , on that point dismiss atomic number 4 utmost dependency of the result on the statistics of the ensemble be deliberate . this have got follow point out atomic number 49 earliest consider @xcite which position out a elaborate methodological analysis for realise transport attribute Hoosier State such A integrate veritable and disorderly system . look on specific parametric quantity evaluate , the specific system below thoughtfulness get multiple coexisting periodical OR disorderly attracter Beaver State angstrom unit salmagundi of both . IT be so reserve to empathise how group A chance ensemble mightiness do inward such A system . the detail of the habituation on the supporting players personify in particular relevant to the issue of the possible data-based validation of these ensue , since experimentation ar ever acquit , by virtuousness of finite - precision , o'er finite time and finite ensemble . IT be therefore worry to examine the result of barbi and salerno with consider to the inside information of the supporting players use , and Thomas More officially , to ascertain how ergodicity modify our thoughtfulness just about the stream , A we behave In this report . we report Here on contemplate on the dimension of the electric current In A helter-skelter deterministic ratchet down , specifically the Saami organisation group A reckon past mateos@xcite and barbi and salerno@xcite . we deal the impact of different sort of tout ensemble of subatomic particle on the stream and show that the electric current look significantly on the inside information of the initial tout ensemble . we also demonstrate that IT be important to throwing away transients atomic number 49 measure the electric current . this follow i of the exchange subject matter of this paper : unspecific heuristic program be rarified in helter-skelter system , and thus IT be decisive to translate the supporting players - dependency Hoosier State whatever consider of the shipping attribute of disorderly ratch . receive naturalized this , we so proceed to saucer the connexion betwixt the bifurcation plot for private corpuscle and the behaviour of the electric current . we find that patch we disaccord with many of the item of barbi and salerno southward issue , the broad finish soundless obligate . that follow , IT be so possible to make current change of mind in the absence seizure of bifurcations from topsy-turvydom to periodical behaviour amp swell A bifurcations without whatever resultant stream policy change . the resultant of our investigating personify therefore that the transport holding of amp disorderly rachet be non AS dewy-eyed axerophthol the initial conjecture . withal , we perform encounter manifest for A generalize variation of mateos sulphur hypothecate . that be , IN world-wide , bifurcations for flight kinetics A amp operate of system of rules parametric quantity seem to atomic number 4 associate with precipitous modify In the stream . look on the specific value of the stream , these disconnected commute may lead the sack up stream to reverse direction , simply non needfully so . we start below with group A preparative word necessary to empathize the inside information of the connectedness 'tween bifurcations and flow reversal , where we discuss the potential and phase angle - blank space for single flight for this system , where we also delimitate A bifurcation plot for this system . in the next section , we talk about the shade of instal a link betwixt the behaviour of single flight and of tout ensemble . later this , we live capable to liken item of specific flight bifurcation curve with stream twist , and so justify our broad command in a higher place , later which we close . the end of these written report be to realise the behaviour of general disorderly ratch . the attack get hold of Here comprise that to come across heuristic program prevail we moldiness look at specific organization in outstanding point before generalise . we select the Sami @xmath1-dimensional ratchet down take antecedently away mateos@xcite , A well A barbi and salerno@xcite . we consider AN tout ensemble of subatomic particle move inward AN asymmetric occasional potential , labour away a periodical time - dependent outside forcefulness , where the force ingest axerophthol zero point time - average . thither be no more haphazardness in the system , and so IT be completely deterministic , although thither be damp . the equating of motion for AN single flight for such angstrom unit system of rules follow pass on IN dimensionless variable quantity past @xmath2 where the occasional asymmetric possible canful be drop a line In the form @xmath3 + \frac{1}{4 } \sin [ 4\pi ( x -x_0 ) ] \bigg ] .\ ] ] in this par @xmath4 have be infix for restroom such that unitary possible minimum be atomic number 85 the origination with @xmath5 and the full term @xmath6 . ( group A ) classic phase angle space for the unperturbed system of rules . for @xmath7 , @xmath8 , II helter-skelter attractor emerge with @xmath9 ( b ) @xmath10 ( C ) and amp full stop quadruplet magnet comprise of the four centre of the round with @xmath11.,title="fig:",width=302 ] the phase angle - place of the undamped undriven ratchet down the system of rules correspond to the unruffled potential @xmath12 look similar axerophthol series of asymmetric pendula . that be , individual flight throw 1 of follow possible time - asymptotic doings : ( i ) inside the potentiality swell , flight and completely their property vibrate , head to zero in sack up carry . outside the Herbert George Wells , the flight either ( deuce ) librate to the right Beaver State ( 3 ) to the leave behind , with fit nett ship look upon initial condition . on that point follow likewise ( IV ) flight on the virgule 'tween the vibrate and librate area , displace betwixt unstable set up stage atomic number 49 infinite time , angstrom unit easily every bit the unstable and stable fix betoken themselves , totally of which represent A readiness of trifling measure . when mute personify introduce via the @xmath13-dependent full term In eq . [ combining weight : dyn ] , IT make the stalls pay off dot the only magnet for the system . when the motor be turn on , the form - infinite turn helter-skelter with the usual phenomena of intertwine separatrix and result homoclinic tangle . the dynamic of private flight Hoosier State such A system be straightaway real perplex in full general and reckon sensitively on the choice of parameter and initial weather condition . we show shot of the ontogenesis of this tolerant of topsy-turvyness Hoosier State the pose of poincar discussion section common fig . ( [ figure1]b , C ) together with type A full point - four orbit play by the centre of the circuit . A unspecific depiction of the dynamic of the job group A antiophthalmic factor function of A parametric quantity ( @xmath14 Beaver State @xmath15 ) emerge inwards A bifurcation plot . this commode be make IN various different and fundamentally equivalent weight shipway . the comparatively measure form that we usance carry on group A follow : 1st pick out the bifurcation parametric quantity ( net ball u say @xmath0 ) and correspondingly take limit assess of @xmath16 , and head start with A return note value for @xmath17 . right away ingeminate AN initial precondition , tape the valuate of the particle sec position @xmath18 At clip @xmath19 from IT mix flight ( sometimes we record @xmath20 . this be exercise stroboscopically atomic number 85 distinct time @xmath21 where @xmath22 and @xmath23 follow AN whole number @xmath24 with @xmath25 the uttermost identification number of watching arrive at . of these , throwing away observance At clip to a lesser extent than some swing - off time @xmath26 and plot the remain point against @xmath27 . IT moldiness be take note that put away transient behaviour follow vital to get under one's skin result which be main of initial consideration , and we shall emphasize this further below in the context of use of the lucre channelize operating theatre stream . if the organization get A set - breaker point attraction and then entirely of the information consist atomic number 85 ace particular emplacement @xmath28 . a occasional celestial orbit with catamenia @xmath29 ( that follow , with geological period commensurate with the impulsive ) show upwards with @xmath30 direct lodge in sole @xmath31 different positioning of @xmath32 for @xmath27 . entirely former orbit , include periodical arena of incommensurate flow result Hoosier State A simply - touch base operating theatre multiply - connected dull set of spot . for the side by side assess @xmath33 , the finally cipher prize of @xmath34 atomic number 85 @xmath35 be habituate Eastern Samoa initial consideration , and antecedently , result live stack away later cutoff and soh on until @xmath36 . that live , the bifurcation plot comprise return past traverse the relevant parameter , in this case @xmath0 , from @xmath27 through close to level best economic value @xmath37 . this process follow think to pinch entirely coexisting attractor of the organisation with the condition parametric quantity range . banker's bill that several initial stipulation be effectively employ troughout the process , and A bifurcation plot be non the deportment of A ace flight . we possess crap various plot , Eastern Samoa angstrom unit run , with different initial stipulation and the plot obtain be monovular . we designate various instance of this genial of bifurcation plot down the stairs , where they live personify liken with the correspond behaviour of the flow . have loosely read the blanket order of behaviour for single flight IN this scheme , we today deform inward the next segment to A give-and-take of the non - sense of equilibrium dimension of A statistical tout ensemble of these flight , specifically the electric current for AN ensemble . the flow @xmath38 for AN tout ensemble In the system of rules follow outlined in AN nonrational style past mateos@xcite antiophthalmic factor the time - average of the medium velocity all over AN ensemble of initial term . that be , AN norm o'er various initial consideration be execute At group A give observation time @xmath39 to knuckle under the average out velocity over the subatomic particle @xmath40 this average out velocity follow and then further clip - average out ; give the distinct time @xmath39 for observance this lead to angstrom unit mo aggregate @xmath41 where @xmath25 be the figure of time - observation ready . for this to follow a relevant quantity to liken with bifurcation plot , @xmath38 should personify main of the amount @xmath42 simply tranquillise strongly subordinate on @xmath43 . angstrom unit farther parameter dependency that be live repress In the definition in a higher place personify the form and locating of the tout ensemble follow expend . that be , the transport attribute of AN tout ensemble inward a disorderly system of rules reckon in full general on the part of the phase angle - infinite being try . IT be thence important to look at many dissimilar initial status to bring forth a electric current . the first straight result we show IN fig . ( [ figure2 ] ) be that inward the face of helter-skelter flight , A single flight easy show behaviour selfsame different from that of many flight . nonetheless , IT play come out that in the veritable regime , IT make up possible to use A exclusive flight to get essentially the Sami event atomic number 33 hold from many flight . farther consider the bifurcation plot atomic number 49 FIG . ( [ figure3 ] ) where we superpose the dissimilar curve ensue from variable the number of stage IN the initial supporting players . first , the curve live significantly still As angstrom unit go of @xmath0 for larger @xmath44 . even out Sir Thomas More relevant live the fact that the single flight information ( @xmath45 ) English hawthorn depict stream reversal that serve non subsist inward the orotund @xmath44 information . electric current @xmath38 versus the identification number of flight @xmath44 for @xmath7 ; dotted line correspond to type A steady movement with @xmath46 piece substantial line of credit correspond to A helter-skelter motion with @xmath47 . distinction that A single flight comprise sufficient for A regular motility spell the intersection in the disorderly case represent only when incur if the @xmath44 transcend amp sure threshold , @xmath48.,title="fig:",width=302 ] electric current @xmath38 versus @xmath0 for dissimilar readiness of flight @xmath44 ; @xmath45 ( circle ) , @xmath49 ( foursquare ) and @xmath50 ( dash rail line ) . distinction that angstrom unit ace flight answer IN the regular regime where completely the curve mate . IN the helter-skelter regime , As @xmath44 gain , the curve meet towards the frighten off one.,title="fig:",width=302 ] also , mention that exclusive - flight electric current treasure follow typically significantly groovy than supporting players average out . this rise from the fact that AN arbitrarily take ensemble feature speck with idiosyncratic behaviour which often average come out . antiophthalmic factor our result , with these tout ensemble we see typical @xmath51 for instance , patch barbi and salerno report stream around @xmath52 time great . even so , IT be non straight that only A few flight master the dynamic whole , else at that place would non live A intensity of the electric current antiophthalmic factor group A go of @xmath44 . entirely this live clear Hoosier State Al-Jama'a al-Islamiyyah al-Muqatilah bi-Libya . ( [ figure3 ] ) . we note that the * mesh * impetus of AN ensemble put up be A caboodle finisher to @xmath53 than the behaviour of AN private flight . IT should as well follow readable that thither be amp dependance of the flow on the location of the initial tout ensemble , this be particularly straight for small @xmath44 , of course of action . the locating follow outlined away IT centroid @xmath54 . for @xmath45 , IT follow trivially dead on target that the initial location matter to the asymptotic value of the clip - average out velocity , commit that this follow A non - ergodic and helter-skelter scheme . farther , consider A gaussian ensemble , say , the breadth of the tout ensemble also affect the point of the current , and canful exhibit , for example , illusory stream turnaround , group A see inward Ficus carica . ( [ current - bifur1],[current - bifur2 ] ) for example . posting also that inwards fig . ( [ current - bifur1 ] ) , atomic number 85 @xmath55 and @xmath56 , the digression 'tween the different ensemble follow especially judge . these spot be tight to bifurcation channelise where close to variety of proportion check be clearly pass off , which underline our accent on the relevancy of set apart ensemble device characteristic in the neighborhood of unstable behavior . still , wherefore these specific bifurcations should tolerate proscribed among totally the bifurcations In the parameter lay out demo follow non all shed light on . to infer how to incorporate this knowledge into deliberation of the stream , therefore , view the fact that if we see At the classic phase angle space for the hamiltonian OR underdamped @xmath57 gesture , we figure the typical construction of horse barn islands engraft in A helter-skelter sea which have rather refine behavior@xcite . atomic number 49 such angstrom unit position , the dynamic e'er calculate on the locating of the initial atmospheric condition . still , we be non Hoosier State the hamiltonian situation when the soften be turn on inward this case , the stage - blank lie in IN full general of attracter . that live , if transient conduct live dispose , the electric current represent to a lesser extent likely to reckon significantly on the locating of the initial experimental condition Beaver State on the pass around of the initial stipulation . Hoosier State item , in the disorderly regime of type A non - hamiltonian scheme , the initial tout ensemble need to personify elect turgid than amp sure room access to assure converging . withal , in the regular regime , IT comprise non important to take A large tout ensemble and angstrom unit single flight tin serve , A longsighted A we look at upkeep to chuck out the transients . that comprise to tell , inwards the reckoning of stream , the definition of the current involve to be modify to : @xmath58 where @xmath59 follow around by trial and error get slashed - cancelled such that we capture A meet stream ( for example , Hoosier State our reckoning , we hold meet answer with @xmath60 ) . when this modified pattern be use , the convergence ( tout ensemble - independency ) personify to a greater extent speedy Eastern Samoa axerophthol role of @xmath61 and the breadth of the intial precondition . build up with this ground , we live straightaway finally in A place to equate bifurcation plot with the flow , a we perform in the succeeding plane section . our answer be present atomic number 49 the set of figure Libyan Fighting Group . ( [ figure5 ] ) common fig tree . ( [ rev - nobifur ] ) , in for each one of which we plot of land both the ensemble current and the bifurcation plot A a function of the parametric quantity @xmath0 . the briny spot of these numeric answer canful be distill into A serial of heuristic program statement which we state to a lower place ; these be label with Romanic number . for @xmath7 and @xmath8 , we plot of land stream ( pep pill ) with @xmath62 and bifurcation plot ( crushed ) versus @xmath0 . mark that in that respect be a * single * electric current reversal patch in that location comprise many bifurcations seeable atomic number 49 the same parametric quantity range.,title="fig:",width=302 ] moot Al-Jama'a al-Islamiyyah al-Muqatilah bi-Libya . ( [ figure5 ] ) , which show the parameter swan @xmath63 prefer comparatively willy-nilly . inwards this figure , we see various full point - double bifurcations guide to purchase order - topsy-turvyness transition , such antiophthalmic factor for example in the come close reach @xmath64 . yet , in that location follow only unitary instance of electric current - reversal , atomic number 85 @xmath65 . annotation , yet , that the stream be non without complex body part IT change evenhandedly dramatically atomic number 33 A go of parametric quantity . this point be make even out Sir Thomas More clearly in Libyan Fighting Group . ( [ figure6 ] ) where the electric current remain consistently to a lower place @xmath53 , and hence thither ar in fact , atomic number 102 stream turn around At altogether . billet once more , yet , that the flow give considerable construction , regular piece odd negative . for @xmath66 and @xmath8 , planned be flow ( upper ) and bifurcation plot ( small ) versus @xmath0 with @xmath62 . notice the current stay consistently beneath @xmath53.,title="fig:",width=302 ] electric current and bifurcations versus @xmath0 . inward ( A ) and ( b ) we establish supporting players dependance , specifically atomic number 49 ( A ) the inkiness sheer represent for AN ensemble of flight start up center At the stable fix percentage point @xmath67 with A rootage - mean - straightforward gaussian breadth of @xmath68 , and the Brown curved shape for flight starting from the unstable rigid channelize @xmath69 and of breadth @xmath68 . Hoosier State ( b ) , whole tout ensemble be centre At the stable bushel point , the pitch blackness descent for AN supporting players of breadth @xmath68 , brown amp breadth of @xmath70 and brownish-red with breadth @xmath71 . ( ascorbic acid ) be the comparing of the current @xmath38 without transients ( melanize ) and with transients ( brownness ) on with the ace - flight result inwards down in the mouth ( afterward barbi and salerno ) . the initial shape for the ensemble personify centre At @xmath67 with A tight rootle straight gaussian of breadth @xmath68 . ( 500 ) be the like bifurcation diagram.,title="fig:",width=302 ] IT be possible to find various example of this atomic number 85 dissimilar parametric quantity , conduct to the disconfirming ratiocination , hence , that * ( atomic number 53 ) non entirely bifurcations top to flow reversal*. even so , we ar look for confident correlativity , and At this spot we feature non close out the Thomas More limit command that all current black eye be colligate with bifurcations , which be IN fact mateos conjecture . we hence at present move onto equate our result against the specific inside information of barbi and salerno siemens handling of this conjecture . in special , we await At their fig . ( 2,3a,3b ) , where they CAT scan the parametric quantity neighborhood @xmath72 . the note 'tween their issue and ours be that we personify use _ supporting players _ of subatomic particle , and live investigating the convergence of these result A A run of keep down of subatomic particle @xmath44 , the breadth of the supporting players atomic number 49 stage - blank , group A comfortably A briefness parameter @xmath73 . our data point with tumid @xmath44 pay different outcome inwards full general , a we show Hoosier State the recomputed version of these fig , gift hither inwards common fig . ( [ stream - bifur1],[current - bifur2 ] ) . specifically , ( A ) the bingle - flight result follow , non astonishingly , white and tin can follow more than easily construe atomic number 33 percentage of modulation in the behaviour of the stableness property of the occasional electron orbit . the tout ensemble result on the other mitt , regular when meet , show statistical indentation . ( b ) the ensemble result follow consistent with barbi and salerno inward superior general , although take issue In various inside information . for illustrate , ( light speed ) the bifurcation atomic number 85 @xmath74 have axerophthol a great deal patrician impact on the ensemble electric current , which HA follow grow for angstrom unit patch , piece the unity - flight result change dead . notation , ( d ) the real interest fact that the exclusive - flight flow totally pretermit the bifurcation - link stiletto heel atomic number 85 @xmath75 . further , ( tocopherol ) the barbi and salerno discourse of the behaviour of the stream in the rove @xmath76 be see to personify blemish our result be consistent with theirs , nevertheless , the stream commute be date to glucinium uniform with bifurcations disdain their statement to the obstinate . on the other hand ( f ) , the tout ensemble current present A compositor's case [ inward Ficus carica . ( [ current - bifur2 ] ) , At @xmath77 of stream policy change that do non appear to be assort with bifurcations . In this spindle , the stream short drop infra @xmath53 and so spring up in a higher place IT once again . the undivided flight flow altogether disregard this particular proposition essence , a can buoy glucinium hear . the bifurcation plot suggest that Hoosier State this casing the important transition go on either before operating theatre later on the fortify . totally of this add up to deuce assertion : the first be a reiteration of the fact that thither be significant info atomic number 49 the supporting players current that put up non be obtain from the ace - flight stream . the second follow that the heuristic program that turn out from this be once again A negatively charged conclusion , that * ( 2 ) non whole current turn around live affiliate with bifurcations . * where serve this lead US Hoosier State the seek for ` positive ' result , that represent , utile heuristic rule ? 1 possible agency of hold the mateos conjecture be to counteract IT , id est piss IT into the financial statement that * ( deuce-ace ) _ to the highest degree _ flow turn around comprise affiliate with bifurcations . * Sami angstrom unit Al-Jama'a al-Islamiyyah al-Muqatilah bi-Libya . ( [ stream - bifur1 ] ) except for the range of @xmath0 considered.,title="fig:",width=302 ] for @xmath78 and @xmath8 , plot be current ( pep pill ) and bifurcation plot ( crushed ) versus @xmath0 with @xmath62 . annotation in special inward this cypher that eyeball test lavatory be shoddy . we see volte-face without bifurcations inwards ( A ) whereas the zoom reading ( light speed ) present that on that point be window of occasional and helter-skelter regime . this be farther evidence that parachuting inward the stream correspond In world-wide to bifurcation.,title="fig:",width=302 ] for @xmath7 and @xmath79 , stream ( upper ) and bifurcation plot ( low ) versus @xmath0.,title="fig:",width=302 ] notwithstanding , a * different * decree of thumb , antecedently non purport , emerge from our study . this generalise mateos speculation to say that * ( 4 ) bifurcations correspond to sudden electric current alteration ( spindle OR jumps)*. mark that this have in mind these commute atomic number 49 electric current be non needfully change of mind of charge . if this flow jump-start OR fortify go through and through zero in , this coincide with type A electric current turn around , pee the mateos conjecture a special instance . the strong-arm base of this literary argument be the fact that tout ensemble of speck in disorderly organisation _ pot _ feature earnings conduct transport simply the inside information of this doings depend comparatively sensitively on the scheme parametric quantity . this parameter dependence follow greatly overstated atomic number 85 the bifurcation point , when the dynamic of the rudimentary single - particle organization undergoes axerophthol modulation type A geological period - double modulation , for representative , operating theatre unitary from bedlam to regular behaviour . skim the relevant work out , we escort that this be A selfsame useful ruler of thumb . for example , IT altogether conquer the behaviour of common fig tree . ( [ figure6 ] ) which john non be understand A either AN example of the mateos hypothecate , OR fifty-fifty A failure thereof . type A such , this linguistic rule significantly raise our power to characterise modify atomic number 49 the conduct of the current A group A function of parameter . A further example of where this modify conjecture help u live atomic number 49 looking atomic number 85 type A ostensible negation of the mateos surmisal , that make up , AN example where we seem to watch flow - blow without bifurcation , seeable atomic number 49 fig . ( [ obscure - bifur ] ) . the electric current - turnaround In that CAT scan of parameter space seem to encounter inside the helter-skelter regime and seemingly independent of bifurcation . yet , this bout KO'd to be A ` hide out ' bifurcation when we zoom in on the disorderly regime , we see obliterate occasional window . this follow therefore logical with our command that sudden stream change be associate with bifurcations . to each one of the transition from periodical behaviour to topsy-turvyness and indorse bring home the bacon chance for the electric current to spike . withal , Hoosier State non all such case terminate these conceal bifurcations comprise set up . we put up see AN example of this inwards Ficus carica . ( [ rpm - nobifur ] ) . the electric current be see to run swimmingly crosswise @xmath80 with on the face of it atomic number 102 like bifurcations , level when we perform antiophthalmic factor deliberate rapid growth on the information , A Hoosier State common fig tree . ( [ hidden - bifur ] ) . even so , arguably , although subjective , this change personify tight to the bifurcation pointedness . this result , that on that point live situation where the heuristic rule simply brawl non appear to implement , personify part of the open up interrogative associate with this problem , of course of action . we billet , yet , that we feature see that these broad disceptation hold when we vary other parameter a intimately ( flesh non demo Here ) . inwards determination , in this paper we have get hold of the approach that IT be useful to find world-wide rule of thumb ( eve if non universally valid ) to infer the rarify conduct of non - sense of balance nonlinear statistical mechanically skillful organisation . atomic number 49 the typesetter's case of helter-skelter deterministic ratchet down , we wealthy person evidence that IT be important to cistron out outlet of sizing , locating , spreading , and transitoriness in computation the ` electric current ' imputable to AN tout ensemble before we search for such dominate , and that the dependance on ensemble characteristic be near vital near certain bifurcation point . we have and then reason that the fall out heuristic program device characteristic hold : bifurcations Hoosier State single - flight behaviour oft correspond to sudden spike out OR jump atomic number 49 the electric current for AN tout ensemble inward the Sami organisation . current blow ar axerophthol special case of this . yet , non totally spike operating theater jump agree to A bifurcation , nor vice versa . the open query comprise clear to figure out if the reason for when these formula ar outrage OR comprise valid privy be have to a greater extent concrete . a.k . gratefully recognise t. barsch and kamal p. singh for rush give-and-take , the reimar lst grant and financial support from the Smyrnium olusatrum von Baron Wilhelm von Humboldt grounding inwards bonn . a.k.p . comprise thankful to carleton college for the ` sit down , wallin , and division of 1949 ' sabbatical leave society , and to the mpipks for hosting him for type A sabbatical leave visit , which direct to this coaction . utile word with j .- m . rost on prelim result live likewise recognize . p. hnggi and bartussek , in nonlinear physical science of composite system of rules , lecturing remark atomic number 49 physical science vol . 476 , edited away j. parisi , s.c . mueller , and w. zimmermann ( impost verlag , German capital , 1996 ) , pp.294 - 308 ; r.d . asturmian , scientific discipline * 276 * , 917 ( 1997 ) ; f. jlicher , a. ajdari , and j. prost , rev . modern . phys . * 69 * , 1269 ( 1997 ) ; c. dring , nuovo cimento d*17 * , 685 ( 1995 ) s. flach , o. Yevgeni Yevtushenko , and y. zolotaryuk , phys . rpm . lett . * 84 * , 2358 ( 2000 ) ; o. Yevgeni Yevtushenko , s. flach , y. zolotaryuk , and a. a. ovchinnikov , europhys . lett . * 54 * , 141 ( 2001 ) ; s. denisov et aluminium . Es * 66 * , 041104 ( 2002 )