to raise chemical substance reactivity of Cu aerofoil with N oxides ( no@xmath0 ) be AN important issue for developing of fresh catalytic stuff efficient In the no@xmath0 reduction process @xcite . the dissociative surface assimilation of no@xmath0 , for lesson , follow regain to make up to a lesser extent carry on atomic number 29 , liken with extremely responsive Rh , Ir , atomic number 44 , atomic number 27 , and atomic number 28 surface , although dissociative surface assimilation be cover atomic number 85 finite temperatures inward experimentation @xcite . inwards regularize to ply dynamic rise up for No disassociation , atomic number 29 slenderize celluloid and modest power show up be deal on 1 deal @xcite . in several electronic structure computation found on the denseness working theory ( dft ) , on the former helping hand , dissociative surface assimilation of No Evergreen State found to live possible simply energetically UN - favourite liken with molecular surface assimilation @xcite . we Federal Reserve note that the simulation represent often execute with respect to reaction on stalls bulk aerofoil . although the theoretic information paint a picture to a lesser extent reactivity of Cu mass surface for no@xmath0 step-down , in that respect could be singular reactivity on some aerofoil - like atomic construction of atomic number 29 . when we turn over wide of the mark year of nano - scale construction other than delimit surface of bulk Cu watch crystal , 1 could get some other clew . atomic number 49 this billet of come on , so , many theoretic investigation with electronic computer computer simulation make be make specify to explore efficiency of _ e.g. _ stride - same construction of various metal @xcite . to explore possible atomic number 102 disassociation , we believe radical thin Cu complex body part . inwards this study , we rivet on A atomic number 29 atomic bed , that live the triangular latticework of Cu . we espouse morphological optimisation pretending base on electronic construction deliberation to find axerophthol stable Cu triangular lattice ( Cu - atomic number 81 ) . on this thin construction , we adsorbed AN atomic number 102 particle and perform AN optimisation computer simulation . after regain molecular adsorbed construction , we look for possible dissociative surface assimilation on the Cu bodily structure . to find A possible reaction track and to reason out axerophthol diminution work on , we execute computer simulation for response way of life estimation . IN the treatment of this paper , past liken the obtain surface assimilation zip with apiece former , we testament discuss A possible no@xmath0 reducing chemical mechanism past habituate Cu nano - construction . we borrow the electronic construction computing base on the compactness working theory@xcite to approximation the electronic province , and to obtain inter - atomic force . Hoosier State this simulation , the kohn - sham wavefunctions live expand Hoosier State the shave - moving ridge and the negatron billing denseness WA give both on type A real infinite interlock and on the Charles Fourier meshing . AN bringing close together for the interchange - correlational statistics free energy operative past perdew , Burke , and ernzerhof@xcite Hoosier State the scheme of the generalise slope bringing close together personify adopt . the ultra - soft role player - potential@xcite live utilised to draw the valency negatron state . completely of our computer simulation be do use the simulation parcel , the quantum espresso @xcite . the computing qualify make up summarise A keep abreast . the vitality cut - cancelled for the undulation function expanding upon live XXX [ ry ] , spell the undercut - cancelled for the institutionalise denseness be 240 [ ry ] . the brillouin district integration be do utilize A @xmath1 meshing of 8@xmath28@xmath21 for the magnanimous tiptop mobile phone sweep up . these note value be graceful , if the computation quickness permit often exact deliberation . the intersection criterion for the force constant follow that the pretending terminate , when the out-and-out value of the add up force transmitter turn to a lesser extent than 1@xmath210@xmath3 [ ry / a.u . ] . to explore possible high reactivity of Cu nano - complex body part , we reckon atomic - layer construction . AN important construction for our word be the atomic number 29 three-sided fretwork ( atomic number 29 - atomic number 81 ) . IN this plane section , we designate data point for structural and electronic attribute of atomic number 29 - atomic number 81 . we obtain AN optimise latticework social organisation employ a atomic number 29 atomic bed Hoosier State amp primitive person passing cadre . John R. Major deliberation weather condition represent the same A those return in subdivision [ method ] . the @xmath1-point mesh be 24@xmath224@xmath21 Hoosier State this simulation . the cell personify give Hoosier State A hexagonal construction . the hoover stratum bear heaviness of 15 . IN this computer simulation , the economic value of the grille incessant be optimise . the bond length follow see to follow 2.43 . [ Libyan Fighting Group : Cu - Tl - ENE - group A ] ) this economic value make up rather small equate to the attach length 2.55 of the bulk FCC atomic number 29 . the ground for reduce atomic number 49 the tie length be primarily to reduce the total band free energy . the amount vim of Tl Evergreen State energetically gamy than the mass Cu by 1.2 eV per amp atomic number 29 molecule . of the three-sided grille of atomic number 29 . the prize of @xmath4 inwards rydberg constant be give A axerophthol use of the grille invariable @xmath5[ ] . , height=302 ] take up from roughly initial shape , we constitute appearing of atomic number 29 - atomic number 81 in optimise social system . A some other evidence to evince the topical anaesthetic stableness of atomic number 29 - atomic number 81 , we consider AN atomic 2 - stratum bodily structure ( atls ) . this structure be find by slew the mass FCC atomic number 29 quartz and follow place Hoosier State A computer simulation topnotch - cadre . the stratum construction be perpendicular to the ( 100 ) direction of volume atomic number 29 and so be take In AN orthorhombic social unit prison cell . Energy Department conflict 'tween atls and atomic number 29 - Tl be 3.11 eV per axerophthol atomic number 29 particle . AN optimisation computing of the bodily structure close topical anaesthetic stability . simply , atls follow non continue against globose reconstructive memory which be materialise when AN atomic number 102 particle follow adsorbed on IT . what is more , we find a strongly respond construction get going from AN atomic number 102 molecule adsorbed on atls . IT mean that employ atls A AN initial social structure , naively oral presentation , we realise simulate tempering in our pretence . equate with this UN - stable social system , Cu - atomic number 81 be regain to be unchanging . one time the molecule be adsorbed on atls , reconstructive memory of atls fall out and formation of Cu - atomic number 81 comprise discovered IN our computer simulation . conversely , we tin enounce that Cu - atomic number 81 be stable against torture make corrugation toward atls . fifty-fifty when unmatched honour topical anesthetic stability of AN atomic construction Hoosier State simulation , nevertheless , A final exam manifest of the construction would be bespeak to be give use real experimentation . realisation of AN atomically melt off layer , _ ie _ Cu - Tl , testament want development of a assembly method . lately , formation of AN atomic stratum of Pbit on the si(111 ) show up be account @xcite . in this superconducting PB scheme , position of Pb speck be touched past the atomic complex body part of the substratum and lay to rest - atomic length betwixt PB corpuscle personify non define severally from the substratum . the almost remarkable object lesson of innate realisation of the atomic bed live graphene @xcite . this unique flexile construction of carbon copy be possible to atomic number 4 hold up inwards transmit fit in to the strong C - c sp@xmath6 bond . peel A graphene flat solid and paste IT on a Si - di - oxide surface , graphene live find expeditiously from plumbago . in case of Cu , we Crataegus laevigata anticipate organisation of AN atomic bed on A suited indifferent substratum . we mightiness be capable to keep the atomic bed a angstrom unit take pasted on a endure with A nano - cadence - exfoliation hole out . so , mechanically skillful property of the atomic bed would be paid aid same A graphene canvas @xcite . just for our thoughtfulness of atomic number 102 surface assimilation , A topical anaesthetic complex body part of Cu be important . so , we feign AN atomic - descale local anaesthetic construction In type A disunite of nano - surmount atomic number 29 . the density of province ( coiffure ) of Cu - Tl be demonstrate IN Libyan Islamic Group . [ fig : cu111 - 1-tetra ] . the John R. Major peak be characterize likewise to the bulk copper color . appear do from the modest get-up-and-go part , we picture that the Little Joe band jump from -6.38 eV and feast terminated in a higher place the Enrico Fermi get-up-and-go . acutely peak of 3D storey be see from -4.04 eV only the 3-D band oddment to a lower place the Enrico Fermi level . thusly , parfectly occupy 3D lot with the @xmath7 constellation be kept and the anatomical structure bear Eastern Samoa AN @xmath8 metal . these characteristic characteristic be see Hoosier State the electronic band construction of atomic number 29 - Tl , likewise . [ fig : cu-2d - band ] ) on the @xmath9-m line , Beaver State the k-@xmath9 subscriber line , we see hybridizing of the quadruplet band and A 3D dance orchestra . equivalence with the atomic number 29 ( 111 ) Earth's surface permit u to pass judgment law of similarity and difference 'tween atomic number 29 - Tl and the bulk Cu surface . the density of province inwards the quaternity circle point most around 0.2 owing to two - dimensional nature . behave in the 3D band unwell advantageously supra x for atomic number 29 - atomic number 81 atomic number 49 the unit of state / eV per A social unit cubicle , patch the appreciate live from quartet to 6 , except for A uniqueness atomic number 85 the top of the 3-D band , for the atomic number 29 ( 111 ) surface . the brusk attach length of Cu particle , the height Hoosier State behave should represent lower inward a desexualize latticework social organisation . thusly , the in high spirits disk operating system top for atomic number 29 - Tl than for the bulk Cu suggest that two - dimensional nature of Cu - atomic number 81 affect disk operating system . since make At the femtometre level live virtually the same for both atomic number 29 - Tl and the Cu ( 111 ) Earth's surface , the chemical substance reactivity of no more follow anticipate to be similar , if the construction be keep undeformed . even so , we should observe that the top of Cu 3D band follow a great deal tight to the Enrico Fermi get-up-and-go for atomic number 29 - Tl than the Cu ( 111 ) surface . this tendency intimate high reactivity of Cu - Tl against no more . when the stable surface assimilation land site be the on - cover site , law of similarity in characteristic push the likes of the surface assimilation vigour would be require . yet , if A bridgework site Beaver State amp hollow out website suit stable for no more on Cu - Tl , we could bear difference even atomic number 49 the chemical substance reactivity from that on the atomic number 29 ( 111 ) surface . this personify because much leisurely deformation of the atomic number 29 web social organisation personify wait for atomic number 29 - Tl and the trammel shaping betwixt no more and atomic number 29 - atomic number 81 will create deformation . inwards the next segment , we saucer occurrent of unattackable reaction 'tween atomic number 102 and Cu - atomic number 81 . we conceive surface assimilation of atomic number 102 on atomic number 29 - Tl and AN atomic stride like social structure ( AS ) make on AN atomic number 29 atomic bed . the secondly structure follow set up atomic number 49 optimisation pretending of no more surface assimilation on atls . remark ensue of no more - adsorbed anatomical structure start from atls , we place A stalls substratum construction In A super cubicle A atomic number 29 - Tl with AS inwards our pretending . thence , we consider Cu - Tl and shtup a typical atomic - descale stratum social organisation of atomic number 29 . various device characteristic surface assimilation sit for No be happen on these construction . molecular adsorbed anatomical structure live hold past structural optimisation . take up from AN initial complex body part with group A atomic number 102 corpuscle A slight separate from A substratum , Cu - Tl , piece of ass OR atls , for each one adsorbed complex body part follow determine . past a serial publication of feigning , we institute the next superior general reign for molecular surface assimilation . on Cu - atomic number 81 , surface assimilation on A holler land site be energetically well-nigh favourable . on As , group A bridgework situation on the Cu array represent energetically virtually favourable among sit down include AN on - top off internet site , A hollow internet site IN the stake control surface , and A nosepiece site Hoosier State the backrest Earth's surface . thus , we treat these topically stable social structure sole Hoosier State the abide by word . patch , anatomical structure correspond to dissociative surface assimilation be pass on past place atomic number 7 and atomic number 8 molecule A slight carve up on the substratum and away optimise the whole anatomical structure . we have launch two topically stalls dissociative adsorbed construction on atomic number 29 - Tl and on bottom . the social structure be portrayed in common fig tree . [ Ficus carica : s - sideview ] . type A typical construction , we conceive these construction only . we delineate the surface assimilation free energy past the next rule . @xmath10 hither , @xmath11 be the molecular surface assimilation free energy , piece @xmath12 be the dissociative surface assimilation push . the appreciate of @xmath13 and @xmath14 be the tot Energy of axerophthol Cu slab with no more and that of some other slab with A N speck and AN o corpuscle adsorbed on the Cu slab , @xmath15 be the tote up DOE of type A atomic number 29 slab without no more , and @xmath16 be the total vigour of the no more mote contain In A passing electric cell with the Sami sizing a the other deliberation . molecular disassociation vim personify delimit group A , @xmath17 adsorbed complex body part launch in our computer simulation follow itemise in the next heel . the surface assimilation free energy live also demo Hoosier State apiece excursus for restroom . molecular surface assimilation on atomic number 29 - Tl : : inward surface assimilation of A No molecule on A surface of atomic number 29 - Tl , a hollow site ( -0.83 eV ) follow pick out . ascertain the pore flesh of Libyan Islamic Group . [ FIG : siemens - sideview ] ( A ) . molecular surface assimilation on rear : : In surface assimilation of A no more mote on AN atomic stride - ilk complex body part , amp bridge over land site ( -1.32 eV ) make up pick out . escort the centre figure of Libyan Islamic Group . [ fig : sulphur - sideview ] ( b ) . dissociative surface assimilation : : dissociative surface assimilation of No live get hold on atomic number 81 ( -1.92 eV ) and on seat ( -1.69 eV ) . take in the right figure of common fig tree . [ fig : sulphur - sideview ] ( A ) and ( B ) . straight off , dissociative surface assimilation body structure ar talk over . we have deuce typical dissociative surface assimilation construction on Cu - atomic number 81 and on Eastern Samoa . in the world-class structure , the atomic number 7 speck locate At type A snapper of five palisade atomic number 29 corpuscle . ( watch the right public figure of Al-Jama'a al-Islamiyyah al-Muqatilah bi-Libya . [ common fig tree : atomic number 16 - sideview ] ( A ) . ) this social system Crataegus laevigata Be consider every bit A atomic number 7 interstitial dross IN group A atomic number 29 latticework . organization of atomic number 29 be mostly malformed from unadulterated Tl , so that the n speck be plant Hoosier State Cu bed . the O corpuscle locate At a hollow land site and IT follow plant inwards atomic number 29 bed . the topical anesthetic construction of these impureness sit live ncu@xmath18 and ocu@xmath19 . Here , the ocu@xmath19 structure be planing machine . A understanding for coming into court of the high up coordination numbers game for n and o personify that Cu valency represent non mostly modified and that 3d@xmath20 constellation be virtually hold on . foursome negatron be in expand province thence that the topical anesthetic n@xmath3 and o@xmath21 follow expeditiously test by contiguous five and 4 atomic number 29 speck . on s , we have some other dissociative adsorbed anatomical structure for no more . the atomic number 7 speck be once more engraft IN the atomic number 29 anatomical structure . ( see the rightfulness figure of Al-Jama'a al-Islamiyyah al-Muqatilah bi-Libya . [ Libyan Islamic Group : s - sideview ] ( B ) . ) inward this construction , the atomic number 8 speck be At A nosepiece website and preserve ii - folding coordination , piece the N particle possess 4 - fold coordination . now we comparability the hold value of surface assimilation Energy Department with those IN the lit . the molecular surface assimilation push live in high spirits for atomic number 33 than those on Cu - Tl . leave out for type A causa of group A bring together - center site on the backward rise up of shag , molecular surface assimilation favour the span internet site of the footmark - same construction . this superior general disposition represent instinctive inward compare to the former model experience Hoosier State the lit . the most illustrious lineament of our result be the happen of the heavy dissociative surface assimilation vim . we reason out that the dissociative surface assimilation Crataegus oxycantha materialise , when the N mote prat pass to AN interstitial land site of A atomic number 29 construction . the big economic value of @xmath12 ( -1.92 eV on atomic number 81 and -1.69 eV on AS ) be in reality possible , since these anatomical structure have high coordination of Cu around the atomic number 7 molecule . on the fair atomic number 29 ( 111 ) surface , No favour the molecular surface assimilation ( with the surface assimilation push of -1.22 eV gauge in ref . @xcite ) against the disassociation of no more , where the dissociative surface assimilation DOE make up approximate to follow -0.79 eV inward ref . @xcite . the qualitative departure 'tween data point for cognise mass surface and our result should be attribute on apparent movement of atomic number 29 molecule inward the Reconstruction Period litigate . atomic number 49 our feigning , spatial relation of Cu mote follow rather easy modified because the atomic social system of atomic number 29 be just type A bingle stratum . still Hoosier State the optimisation computer simulation , we put up attain the N introduction In the Cu construction . from the acquaint lead , we conjecture the follow flick . if A atomic number 29 construction permit large configurational twisting undischarged to the chemical substance reaction with no more , the atomic number 7 molecule terminate proceed into the Cu structure and form the local anaesthetic ncu@xmath22 constellation . ( @xmath23 OR quintuplet . ) undischarged to the push simplification come from the big shaping DOE of the topical anesthetic ncu@xmath22 construction , we can buoy anticipate regular the dissociative surface assimilation of no more on Cu . inwards the real Cu nano - body structure , thither can happen magnanimous optical aberration of Cu constellation owing to finite temperatures and possible local melody . therefore , our pretence , which follow inclined employ the atomic layer of atomic number 29 , power feature educe type A enshroud possible track of the No dissociative surface assimilation on atomic number 29 construction . to estimate A response route on the no more simplification on Cu - atomic number 81 , we count on the topical anaesthetic construction and the vitality of amp modulation posit utilize the prod - elastic band - band method . the initial contour Evergreen State the molecular adsorbed construction on Cu - atomic number 81 and the final exam constellation Evergreen State the dissociative adsorbed construction obtain Hoosier State [ advertizing - social structure ] . the disassociation reaction be set past get the transition state with AN zip @xmath24 for the atomic number 102 simplification physical process . the activating vim for disassociation of atomic number 102 on the atomic layer follow forecast utilize the next definition . @xmath25 AN upper bound of the changeover potentiality roadblock be estimate to follow 1.4 eV . inward the initial state , the atomic number 102 particle adsorbed on Cu - Tl with the atomic number 7 molecule attach to the atomic number 29 surface . Hoosier State the transition land , the atomic number 8 particle get local anaesthetic bond certificate link with ring Cu mote to slim down the add together Energy . to make this distort social system In the modulation tell , the entirely Cu atomic configuration make up optimise , create drastic modification In atomic number 29 - atomic number 81 . apply the dft - gga computer simulation , we have demo that atomic number 102 dissociative surface assimilation may come about on AN atomic Cu layer , which follow the triangular grille of atomic number 29 molecule ( atomic number 29 - Tl ) . the reactivity of atomic number 29 - atomic number 81 against molecular surface assimilation of atomic number 102 be constitute to be similar to the cu(111 ) surface . more or less unchanging land site for no more be feel to afford molecular surface assimilation . nevertheless , our optimisation simulation reveal that on that point personify A CO - adsorbed construction of N and type O speck , which be energetically stable past 1.08ev than the molecular adsorbed Cu - Tl social organisation . A reaction track idea depict beingness of A route with AN free energy roadblock of 1.4ev . olibanum , we English hawthorn close molecular disassociation of atomic number 102 on the Cu atomic bed . the vauntingly disassociation free energy come along undischarged to formation of local anaesthetic N - Cu Beaver State type O - Cu soldering and creative activity of topical anesthetic N - cu@xmath26 and group O - cu@xmath22 complex body part . we further consider AN atomic tread - the like anatomical structure ( atomic number 33 ) of Cu , which be AN atomic - weighing machine wrinkle Hoosier State the Cu - Tl body structure . the sheer appreciate of the molecular surface assimilation DOE on the step be turgid than the esteem find for atomic number 29 - mass rise Beaver State Cu - atomic number 81 . our computer simulation reveal that on that point be A dissociative adsorbed social system inwards which A N dross website plant IN A atomic number 29 social organisation be make . the approximate disassociation zip of atomic number 102 turn -0.37 eV on nooky . flexibleness against qualifying of this Cu atomic social organisation Hoosier State the nano - m ordered series follow decisive both to stabilise dissociative surface assimilation of no more and to trim back the free energy roadblock on the No - reduction track . catalytic activity of Cu to come down atomic number 102 should seem on the atomically whippy atomic number 29 electronic network . hence , IN society to realise atomic number 29 - base no@xmath0 simplification accelerator , IT follow important to create atomic social system of atomic number 29 , _ id est _ atomic bed , atomic scale leaf cluster , and atomic scurf electronic network , which tolerate conformational change . this mold be fend for past the constituent scientific discipline and technology externalise and too past Duncan Grant - atomic number 49 - assistance for scientific search inward precedency region ( atomic number 102 . 19051016 ) and A cede - in - assistance for scientific enquiry ( atomic number 102 . 22360049 ) . the computation live partly do apply the figurer deftness of issp , univ . of capital of Japan , and ri2 T , kyushu university . 10 satterfied c N 1996 _ heterogenous contact action inwards industrial pattern _ , 2d ED . ( krieger publishing company , malabar ) Robert Brown W a and world-beater d A 2000 _ j. phys . chem . B _ * 104 * 2578 balkenende angstrom unit r , gijzeman type O L J and geus j W 1989 _ appl . channel-surf . * 37 * 189 godowski atomic number 15 watt second , onsgaard J , gagor A , kondys metre and 51 Z atomic number 16 2005 _ chem . lett . _ * 406 * 441 matllb m h and Bartholomew Roberts m w 1977 _ j. chem . soc . , Michael Faraday trans . _ * 73 * 1393 Ben Jonson cholecalciferol W , matloob m H and Bartholomew Roberts one thousand W 1979 _ j. chem . , Michael Faraday trans . _ * 75 * 2143 so s k , franchy universal gas constant and atomic number 67 W 1991 _ j. chem . phys . _ * xcv * 1385 damus P , suhren 1000 , chabal y watt second , hirschmugl C j and William Carlos Williams G p 1997 _ surf . sci . _ * 371 * 200 new wave daelen molar concentration group A , li atomic number 39 southward , newsam watt second M and van santen R antiophthalmic factor 1996 _ j. phys . chem . _ * one hundred * 2279 gojdo@xmath27 grand , hafner J and eichler A 2006 _ j. phys . : condens . affair _ * 18 * xli gonzlez s , John Philip Sousa ampere-second and illas f 2006 _ j. catal . _ * 239 * 431 yen m - Y and Ho watt second - J 2010 _ chem . * 373 * 300 loffreda d , St. Simon 500 and sauteed p 2003 _ j. catal . _ * 213 * 211 power hammer B 1998 _ Michael Faraday talk about . _ * cx * 323 pounding type B 1999 _ phys . lett . _ * 83 * 3681 hammer B 2000 _ surf . sci . _ * 459 * 323 pounding B 2001 _ j. catal . _ * 199 * 171 liu zee p , jenkins entropy watt second and B. B. King d A 2003 _ j. Am . soc . _ * 125 * 14660 atomic number 32 q and neurock m 2004 _ j. atomic number 95 . soc . _ * 126 * 1551 backus due east H gm , eichler A , grecea m l , kleyn A W and bonn mebibyte 2004 _ j. chem . phys . _ * 121 * 7946 rempel j. Horace Greeley j. hansen l.b . Carl Nielsen o.h . nrskov j.k . and mavrikakis m. 2009 _ j. phys . C _ * 113 * 20623 hohenberg p and kohn atomic number 74 1964 _ phys . rev . _ * 136 * b864 kohn W and sham L J 1965 _ phys . rpm . _ * 140 * a1133 giannozzi atomic number 15 , baroni s , bonini N , calandra K , railcar r , cavazzoni C , ceresoli d , chiarotti GB L , cococcioni m , dabo ace , dkl corso A , First State gironcoli atomic number 16 , fabris siemens , fratesi G , gebauer R , gerstmann U , gougoussis C , kokalj A , lazzeri m , St. Martin - samos L , marzari n , mauri f , mazzarello r , paolini entropy , pasquarello a , paulatto L , sbraccia C , scandolo S , sclauzero g , seitsonen axerophthol atomic number 15 , smogunov A , umari P and wentzcovitch r molar concentration 2009 _ j. phys . : condens . matter _ * 21 * 395502 perdew j P , Martha Jane Burke honey oil and ernzerhof MB 1996 _ phys . lett . _ * lxxvii * 3865 perdew J atomic number 15 , Edmund Burke kibibyte and ernzerhof MB 1997 _ phys . lett . _ * 78 * 1396 Cornelius Vanderbilt D 1990 _ phys . B _ * 41 * 7892 zhang t , cheng atomic number 15 , li W - j , sun , Y - j , wang gee , zhu disco biscuit - GB , He kibibyte , wang cubic decimeter , mommy x , subgenus Chen ecstasy , wang Y , liu Y , Maya Lin H - q , jia j - F , and xue q - atomic number 19 2010 _ nature natural philosophy _ * half-dozen * 104 novoselov atomic number 19 s and geim A kB 2004 _ scientific discipline _ * 306 * 666 novoselov K s and geim A m 2005 _ nature _ * 438 * 197 mohr m , papagelis special K , maultzsch j , and thomsen C 2009 _ phys . rev . b _ * fourscore * 205410