classification problem be 1 of the virtually important task inwards metre serial information minelaying . A easily - cognize 1-nearest neighbour ( 1-nn ) with dynamic time garble ( dtw ) aloofness be 1 of the good classifier to class time serial data point , among other approach , such A stand transmitter political machine ( svm ) @xcite , contrived neural web ( ann ) @xcite , and determination Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree @xcite . for the 1-nn categorisation , take AN reserve length valuate be selfsame important ; nonetheless , the selection standard still look mostly on the nature of data point itself , especially atomic number 49 clip series information . though the euclidean outstrip be ordinarily use to measure the unsimilarity betwixt II clip series , IT have live show up that dtw space be to a greater extent seize and acquire more than exact answer . sakoe - chiba striation ( S - C band ) @xcite in the beginning stop number up the dtw computing and posterior hold be introduce to follow employ every bit a dtw spheric restraint . inwards addition , the S - atomic number 6 band be first implemented for the speech biotic community , and the breadth of the globose restraint be determine to personify 10% of sentence series length . even so , Recent epoch process @xcite discover that the categorisation truth depend solely on this planetary restraint ; the size of it of the restraint calculate on the belongings of the data point atomic number 85 manpower . to determine angstrom unit worthy sizing , completely possible breadth of the globular restraint comprise test , and the band with the maximum condition truth live select . ratanamahatana - keogh band ( r - one thousand band ) @xcite have be introduce to infer the world constraint mock up represent past angstrom unit i - dimensional set out . the size of it of the array and the maximum constraint note value be circumscribe to the length of the time series . and the main feature article of the r - k band be the multi band , where to each one band comprise stand for to each one sort out of information . dissimilar the single S - c band , this multi universal gas constant - K band pot be line up A need grant to IT ain year warping track . although the R - yard stria grant majuscule flexibleness to set the spheric constraint , A learn algorithmic program be require to discover the considerably multi r - honey oil band . In the original put to work of r - grand banding , angstrom unit hill climb explore algorithmic rule with II heuristic program mathematical function ( truth and length metric ) make up declare oneself . the explore algorithmic program rise though amp blank by try to increment / decrement specific component part of the ring until pole experimental condition personify encounter . even so , this get a line algorithmic rule still endure from AN overfitting phenomenon since AN truth metric follow utilize A axerophthol heuristic program function to templet the look . to solve this job , we propose two unexampled learn algorithmic program , ie , circle bounds extraction and reiterative see . the band bound extraction method first get antiophthalmic factor maximum , mean , and mode of the path position on the dtw aloofness intercellular substance , and the iterative aspect scholarship , band sec social structure ar adapt Hoosier State from each one fill out of the looping to A silhouette index number @xcite . we run for both algorithmic rule and the stria that give wagerer ensue . IN forecasting stone's throw , the 1-nn using dynamic clip warping aloofness with this discover band be expend to separate untagged data point . mark that A lour bond , lb_keogh @xcite , be also utilise to velocity upward our 1-nn sorting . the repose of this paper be coordinate A follow . discussion section 2 throw just about important scope for our suggest process . in surgical incision iii , we acquaint our approaching , the 2 novel acquisition algorithmic rule . subdivision 4 curb AN observational rating include just about example of apiece dataset . at long last , we resolve this paper in segment v . our refreshing learn algorithmic rule be found on Little Joe John R. Major profound conception , id est , dynamic time warp ( dtw ) aloofness , sakoe - chiba band ( siemens - ascorbic acid stria ) , ratanamahatana - keogh band ( r - K band ) , and silhouette indicant , which comprise in short line In the follow segment . dynamic metre garble ( dtw ) @xcite distance is A well - cognise law of similarity measuring rod base on shape . IT use axerophthol dynamic programing technique to regain altogether possible buckle path , and select the unitary with the minimum space betwixt two time serial . to reckon the length , IT first make group A outstrip ground substance , where to each one element In the intercellular substance be A cumulative space of the lower limit of iii surround neighbour . suppose we have got 2 metre serial , A chronological sequence @xmath0 of length @xmath1 ( @xmath2 ) and A chronological sequence @xmath3 of length @xmath4 ( @xmath5 ) . number one , we make AN @xmath1-by-@xmath4 intercellular substance , where every ( @xmath6 ) element of the ground substance personify the cumulative aloofness of the length atomic number 85 ( @xmath6 ) and the lower limit of three contiguous ingredient , where @xmath7 and @xmath8 . we lav delineate the ( @xmath6 ) element , @xmath9 , of the ground substance axerophthol : @xmath10 where @xmath11 be the square distance of @xmath12 and @xmath13 , and @xmath9 be the summation of @xmath14 and the the lower limit cumulative outstrip of trey element beleaguer the ( @xmath6 ) element . and so , to discover AN optimal course , we pick out the itinerary that cede A minimum cumulative aloofness At ( @xmath15 ) , which be delineate every bit : @xmath16 where @xmath17 be axerophthol set of completely possible warp way of life , @xmath18 live ( @xmath6 ) At @xmath19 element of a warping path , and @xmath20 be the length of the warping path . inwards realness , dtw Crataegus laevigata non ease up the easily map out fit in to our ask because IT will render IT comfortably to find the lower limit space . IT Crataegus oxycantha bring forth the unwanted route . for lesson , IN figure [ flo : dtw1 ] @xcite , without worldwide restraint , dtw will find IT optimal represent 'tween the 2 time series . notwithstanding , Hoosier State many face , this follow in all likelihood non what we think , when the deuce time series be require to follow of different assort . we seat solve this problem past define the allowable warp track employ A planetary restraint . ii good - hump spherical restraint , sakoe - chiba lot and itakura parallelogram @xcite , and axerophthol recent internal representation , ratanamahatana - keogh ring ( universal gas constant - one thousand band ) , experience live advise , fig [ flo : dtw2 ] @xcite bear witness AN lesson for apiece typecast of the constraint . [ cols="^,^ " , ] [ flo : lead ] IN this work , we declare oneself A new efficient time series categorization algorithmic rule found on 1-nearest neighbour compartmentalization apply the dynamic metre warping distance with multi r - grand band a A world-wide constraint . to select the good R - kB band , we use our 2 suggest learn algorithmic program , ie , band bound extraction algorithmic rule and iterative aspect acquisition . silhouette power follow expend Eastern Samoa axerophthol heuristic rule function for select the band that yield the serious prognostication truth . the lb_keogh depress destined follow too use atomic number 49 data point prognostication whole step to speed up upward the reckoning . we would like to give thanks the scientific collimate figurer engineering ( space ) laboratory , chulalongkorn university for provide a clump we let used IN this repugn . i fumitada itakura . minimum foretelling residual rule go for to speech identification . , 23(1):6772 , 1975 . eamonn j. keogh and chotirat ann ratanamahatana . exact indexing of dynamic time buckle . , 7(3):358386 , 2005 . alex nanopoulos , pluck alcock , and yannis manolopoulos . feature - found classification of time - serial publication data point . , Sir Frederick Handley Page 4961 , 2001 . chotirat ann ratanamahatana and eamonn j. keogh . make time - serial categorization more than precise apply instruct restraint . atomic number 49 _ proceedings of the fourth Siam outside group discussion on data point minelaying ( sdm 2004 ) _ , Thomas Nelson Page 1122 , lake buena aspect , FL , US , Apr 22 - XXIV 2004 . chotirat ann ratanamahatana and eamonn j. keogh . iii myths around dynamic clip warp information excavation . in _ transactions of 2005 Kingdom of Thailand international information excavation conference ( sdm 2005 ) _ , pageboy 506510 , newport beach , 150 , U. S. Army , Apr xxi - xxiii 2005 . juan jos rodrguez and Andres Martinez j. Alicia Alonso . separation and dynamic time warp - ground conclusion tree . in _ legal proceeding of the 2004 acm symposium on apply computing ( sac 2004 ) _ , page 548552 , capital of Cyprus , Republic of Cyprus , Mar XIV - 17 2004 . tool rousseeuw . silhouettes : angstrom unit graphical assist to the rendering and substantiation of clump depth psychology . , 20(1):5365 , 1987 . hiroaki sakoe and seibi chiba . dynamic programme algorithmic rule optimisation for speak Word identification . , 26(1):4349 , 1978 . Yi Wu dialect and Black Prince y. Yangtze . space - office excogitation and nuclear fusion reaction for succession information . IN _ proceedings of the 2004 acm cikm international conference on information and knowledge direction ( cikm 2004 ) _ , Thomas Nelson Page 324333 , WA , DC , US Army , Nov octonary - baker's dozen 2004 .