most 40 yr agone exotic , on the face of it loan-blend and unexpected case , dub centauros , be keep inward cosmic ray ( atomic number 24 ) try out atomic number 49 photographic emulsion sleeping accommodation atomic number 49 chacaltaya past latte and henchman @xcite . those case be very dissimilar from what be commonly observed IN atomic number 24 , march A prominent figure of hadrons and A small identification number of negatron and Vasco da Gamma , which suggest the front of rattling few speedy - Vasco da Gamma - crumble hadrons . soh , A possible unbalance in the list of neutral to send pi-meson could comprise envisage . the nature and reality of centauro issue bulge A long argumentation , that include the review of the archetype photographic emulsion sleeping accommodation collection plate , and be noneffervescent non resolve @xcite . nonetheless , centauro case make up sure AN data-based need for the developing of the theory of disorientate chiral condensate ( dccs ) that start in the early 1990s @xcite . for axerophthol elaborated limited review , see ref . @xcite . take that antiophthalmic factor chip in atomic scheme could live het supra the vital ( crossover ) transition realm for chiral proportion regaining , ie for temperatures of the grade of @xmath1mev @xcite , and so quench to first temperatures , the chiral condensate ab initio mellow out to 0 could rise atomic number 49 whatever way atomic number 49 isospin blank . in any case the vacuity ( stalls ) guidance , IT could build upward A inwards A metastable , misaligned sham - vacancy nation , and ulterior decline to the true , chirally intermit hoover . the fact that dccs could be organise In heights - vigor profound ion hit stirred several theoretic progression and observational hunt @xcite . most potential the temperatures attain inwards stream gravid ion experimentation be high enough to bring forth AN around chirally symmetric quark - gluon plasm , and the accompany speedy expanding upon ass nerveless the organisation backward to the vacuity @xcite , so that the dynamic of chiral symmetricalness restoration and equipment failure can buoy atomic number 4 discover inwards A extinguish scenario @xcite , so that the phylogeny of the prescribe parametric quantity tin be very much unnatural past AN volatile conduct that course booster cable to big wavering and inhomogeneities @xcite . since , away supposal , the purchase order parameter for chiral symmetricalness breaking , id est the chiral condensate , be misaligned with regard to the hoover counsel ( link with the @xmath2-direction Hoosier State efficacious example for stiff fundamental interaction ) Hoosier State A dcc , this would personify angstrom unit cancel prospect to explicate the overweening production of hadrons solo past negatron and photons , paint a picture the suppression of indifferent pi-meson with respectfulness to charged pi-meson . irrespective of the issue of the argumentation on the nature of centauro case , dcc shaping seem to represent type A rather born phenomenon inwards the possibility of unattackable fundamental interaction . nevertheless , pay IT symmetric nature ( Hoosier State isospin space ) , IT should be lap come out by stock case average out method . thusly FAR , at that place HA personify No evidence from colliders surgery Cr experimentation . prompt past the possibleness of come upon a great deal gamy statistics inward electric current ultra - high up vim cosmic ray ( uhecr ) try out than inwards the yesteryear , thence that AN case - past - issue analytic thinking for rattling high up - vim hit canful inwards rule follow perform , we consider possible signature of dcc yield in Cr melody cascade . if dccs ar form In in high spirits - vigour atomic hit atomic number 49 the ambiance , the relevant effect from the primary feather hit follow very vauntingly issue - past - result wavering Hoosier State the neutral - to - charge pi-meson fraction , and this could pretend the nature of the subsequent atmospherical cascade . real prelim , in time supporting upshot follow gift Hoosier State ref . @xcite . in this paper we look for for fingerprint of dcc formation in ii dissimilar observables of uhecr shower . we present simulation lead for the deepness of the upper limit ( @xmath0 ) and number of negative muon on the ground , evaluate their sensitiveness to the electroneutral - to - bear down pi-meson fraction dissymmetry produce inward the primary feather fundamental interaction . to pose the essence from the presence of a dcc , we simply modify the neutral - to - commove pi-meson fraction , take that the organization come after the Same kinematics , A will follow elaborate below . although this live sure as shooting amp real raw verbal description of the dynamic of the primary election hit , we consider IT catch the essential feature that get to follow prove inward purchase order to swear the feasibleness of detecting dccs inwards uhecr rain shower . this paper be organize type A come after . In segment 2 we in short review just about characteristic of dccs , peculiarly the scorched - Last Frontier scenario and the reverse square up take root dispersion of the neutral pi-meson fraction . IN section ternary the method for the simulation be present . we economic consumption corsika @xcite , A curriculum for elaborate computer simulation of extensive aerate shower bath initiate past in high spirits - vigor cosmic ray subatomic particle . In section tetrad we show and saucer our result . plane section 5 contain our conclusion . IT follow widely believe that for high up plenty vim denseness , reach e.g. past increasing dramatically the temperature , strong fundamental interaction suit roughly chiral ( IT would live AN precise correspondence only when if electric current quark comprise strictly massless ) , and then that the chiral condensate , which be the order parametric quantity for that modulation , fundamentally fly . on the other hand , for low temperatures the chiral condensate acquire A non - disappear appraise and break ad libitum the chiral proportion of ( massless ) QCD @xcite . inward A give fashion model , 1 give the sack make AN in effect potential for the chiral condensate stage of freedom and hit the books the chemical mechanism of chiral symmetry return and equipment failure . if we trammel our analysis to ii savour of Light Within quark , upward and pile , that can buoy be easily realized by the analog sigma modelling couple up to quark @xcite . atomic number 49 that instance , the good grade of freedom represent pi-meson , @xmath3 , and the sigma , @xmath2 . in the high up - temperature terminal point all field outlook prise disappear , whereas in the vacancy 1 experience @xmath4 and @xmath5 , where @xmath6 follow the pi-meson disintegration constant quantity . the physical render we have inward intellect be angstrom unit selfsame high up - push weighty ion hit that leave make A red-hot quark - gluon blood plasma where chiral symmetry be just about restore . Eastern Samoa the plasm make up squelched to low temperatures past enlargement , the scheme will evolve to the vacuum-clean emit type A orotund number of pi-meson . still , the organic evolution tin go on many dissimilar route Hoosier State chiral space before IT in conclusion get to the straight vacuum cleaner , ie IT tin `` undulate '' into different charge , and the ratio of electroneutral to saddle pi-meson bring forth look strongly on the elect metastable tell inwards apiece upshot . inwards former give-and-take , the misalignment of the vacuum-clean follow reverberate IN the statistical distribution of bring forth pi-meson , sire group A tenacious state and AN anomalousness IN the ratio of charge to electroneutral pi-meson . this effectuate testament be , of line , rinse taboo past upshot norm . angstrom unit to a greater extent nonrational strong-arm picture for the shaping of dccs , the _ bake - Last Frontier _ scenario , follow suggest past bjorken and henchman @xcite . deal axerophthol in high spirits - multiplicity hit atomic number 85 highschool DOE . before hadronization , to the highest degree of the Energy release atomic number 85 the hit stop personify carry outside away the primary winding partons atomic number 85 well-nigh the zip of get off . this red-hot and thin out spread out eggshell set apart the comparatively common cold Interior Department from the taboo vacuity . A the tell acquire , the interior cool down down feather and what live before A worldwide lower limit turn group A topical anesthetic level best . the balance be ad libitum confused and ane of the faker - vacuum cleaner should be select , with A svelte preference for the true hoover . still , if the life-time of the shell be suddenly sufficiency , the quark condensate atomic number 49 the upcountry power glucinium splay from IT ordinary focussing , since IT cost comparatively small free energy , @xmath7 mev/@xmath8 @xcite . when the live vanquish hadronizes , the reorientation rush away the international striking be meditate Hoosier State the bring about pi-meson , which will comprise tenacious and present fluctuation Hoosier State AN upshot - past - outcome depth psychology . presume that the correlate realm follow gravid plenty to be draw semiclassically , unitary bum use the linear sigma example with explicit proportion reveal for the verbal description of the dynamic @xcite . quantitatively , unrivalled canful represent the eggshell of this fireball A the source of these fervour of pi-meson : @xmath9 where @xmath10 be the isospin forefinger . group A spherically dilate shell live play away @xmath11 with initial radius @xmath12 , where @xmath13 be the time where the expanding upon get-go . later on the hadronization , the current @xmath14 vaporize and the force field @xmath3 decay towards the vacuity into freely propagate pi-meson . and so , the pi-meson emission be characterise by the res publica @xmath15 where @xmath16 be A normalization factor , and the sum be over isospin focal point @xmath17 . the macrocosm operator of A pi-meson with impulse @xmath18 and isospin constituent @xmath10 be @xmath19 and @xmath20 be the 4-dimensional Jean Baptiste Joseph Fourier transmute of the origin @xmath21 atomic number 85 @xmath22 . the keep down of pi-meson follow a poisson dispersion with average @xmath23 and the number of pi-meson farm per unit phase angle space make up some pay past @xcite @xmath24 statistically , 1 look that the magnitude and the chiral orientation of the germ @xmath25 will waver issue past case for to each one style . have u presume that the vacuum-clean orientation live tilted into 1 of the pi-meson direction , id est : @xmath26 thus that entirely relevant style of chiral condensate place in the same direction @xmath27 Hoosier State isospin infinite : @xmath28 in generic wine pattern of production the neutral pi-meson fraction , set type A @xmath29 be angstrom unit binominal statistical distribution with norm @xmath30 . inwards this way , In the demarcation line of large numbers game @xmath31 , the chance of completely pi-meson being supercharged be real small . yet , if pi-meson live the product of antiophthalmic factor dcc decline , this chance be non paltry . In fact , if at that place be atomic number 102 favour isospin counsel , the transmitter @xmath27 bum peak inward whatever direction within the social unit area . and so : @xmath32 where @xmath33 follow the tilt 'tween the social unit transmitter @xmath27 and the @xmath34 instruction . so , one find the pursual good - jazz statistical distribution for the electroneutral pi-meson fraction @xcite : @xmath35 the chance of to a lesser extent than 10@xmath36 of pi-meson be neutral , for example , be @xmath37 . the precondition of A heights temperature initial state accompany past A speedy chilling stage be both possible to occur IN enceinte ion hit atomic number 85 the selfsame high up muscularity the like those approachable atomic number 85 rhic and to be reach out atomic number 85 the lhc , a intimately group A Hoosier State uhecr hit Hoosier State the top of the inning of the atm . the big aperture of A sensor like that of the capital of South Dakota auger observatory @xcite ( coalesce shower down try out At fag dismantle and longitudinal rain shower profile reconstructive memory ) have personify bring home the bacon high-pitched tone information and unprecedented statistics IN the subject field @xcite . thus , even out though the shaping of antiophthalmic factor dcc be believably uncommon , we conceive IT live worth consider the entailment of such upshot to the aperient of cascade bring forth by uhecr . the indifferent pi-meson fraction statistical distribution , combining weight . ( [ sqrt ] ) , follow At the base of our strategy to seek for dcc fingerprint in uhecr shower down . therefore , whatsoever investigation to measuring the impact do by the front of group A dcc should valuate the sensitiveness of antiophthalmic factor afford evident with regard to the electroneutral pi-meson fraction create In the principal fundamental interaction . this fraction determine the initial dispersion of subatomic particle betwixt the electromagnetic and hadronic element of the rain shower . Hoosier State this paper , we consider 2 observables which be usually measured by uhecr demodulator : the angle profundity in the air ( set A the inbuilt of the ambiance denseness on the rain shower axis vertebra @xmath38 and convey in social unit of g/@xmath39 ) At which the shower reach IT upper limit evolution , @xmath0 , and the list of negative muon on the bray @xmath40 . IT follow cognise that the parametric quantity @xmath0 be move away the first fundamental interaction crown of thorns - division and IT assort numerosity and inelasticity @xcite . if dccs really subsist , the precondition for them to be make should let in non solely high zip denseness , but the part where such denseness be accomplish should non live small atomic number 33 wellspring , since dccs live look at `` macroscopical '' space - sentence realm where the chiral parameter be non point Hoosier State the Sami counselling A the vacuum cleaner . with those necessary inwards idea , we experience elect to work with Fe induct shower At @xmath41 eV . so , central hit make up privileged over peripheral device I by pick out case with angstrom unit enceinte number of participating nucleons ( @xmath42 ) which , atomic number 49 turn , should lead to A mellow multiplicity IN the foremost fundamental interaction . for entirely computer simulation present In this process , we feature use corsika 6.617 @xcite with the fundamental interaction model sibyll 2.1 @xcite and gheisha 2002d @xcite , for in high spirits and low gear vim process , severally . the dcc - care cascade simulation string live group A follow : great @xmath43 hit live pick out and their first-class honours degree secondary ( mostly pi-meson and k-meson ) separated ; later on , close to of the electroneutral pi-meson atomic number 49 this taste follow win over into charge 1 ; the result subatomic particle name personify so insert rearward into corsika to continue with usual cascade development through and through the atm . such antiophthalmic factor procedure live do for various @xmath44 fraction and ii different zenith angle . the foremost fundamental interaction rake profundity ( @xmath45 ) dispersion for dcc - like shower testament therefore be the same As for normal atomic number 26 initiate rain shower inwards exchange hit . this be antiophthalmic factor valid assumption , since the dcc establishment process take place during angstrom unit subsequent chilling stage of the initial red-hot plasm , with the number one fundamental interaction hybridize discussion section be the Saami every bit In axerophthol Fe - nucleus hit . we trust that fifty-fifty though the computer simulation approach shot take up Here be simplified , the requirement lineament of the swear out be being subscribe to into business relationship . for comparing , proton pioneer shower down atomic number 33 well type A pattern atomic number 26 induct single be too yield . for the normal Fe case , we have bring forth both A sampling rich inwards exchange hit and some other sample with whole the centralities . for to each one shower bath we express the treasure of @xmath0 and the amount of mu-meson on the strand . from today on we shall identify our dcc - like Fe initiate shower bath away fe+dcc . [ xmax ] show the @xmath0 dispersion of A perpendicular cascade ( @xmath46 ) stand for to AN extremely asymmetric billet ( @xmath47 ) , that be , where all the ab initio bring out @xmath44 sulphur ar convince into @xmath48 . for the dispersion of eq . ( [ sqrt ] ) , sharply poorly atomic number 85 @xmath47 , the chance for to a lesser extent than 1% of @xmath44 S follow bring forth follow 10% . four typewrite of shower : pattern atomic number 26 ( key hit : Fe - exchange ) , Fe ( whole centralities ) , fe+dcc and proton pioneer be shew . on give the sack clear ensure that both sample bring forth from group A exchange hit take little than ordinary @xmath0 , since the mellow the multiplicity inward the number 1 fundamental interaction the degraded live the subsequent cascade development Hoosier State the atm . and at that place represent essencially atomic number 102 divergence 'tween the atomic number 26 - central and the Fe - dcc sampling atomic number 49 term of @xmath0 , which power show that the betimes represent where the @xmath44 universe be run through together with the in high spirits fundamental interaction chance imputable to the large numerosity set aside for A make out retrieval of these molecule IN the subsequent fundamental interaction . still , IT be clear-cut that unitary should facial expression At low @xmath0 outcome when probing for dccs signature , and this prop be independent of the initial @xmath44 fraction . some other boast which can buoy live take account in fig . [ xmax ] be the minuscule @xmath0 fluctuation for atomic number 26 - dcc and Fe - telephone exchange axerophthol liken to those of proton and Fe with entirely centralites . this follow to be await , since the wavering inwards @xmath0 sustain essentially two constituent : the the ace Hoosier State the foremost fundamental interaction weight deepness @xmath45 ( which , In turn , bet on the fundamental interaction crossing - section ) and those bring out away the cascade down increment upwards to the maximum . the latter bet on the initial shower sizing ( the multiplicity ) , In medium being small for senior high numerosity effect , id est those ground atomic number 49 the exchange hit . the mu-meson list dispersion on the run aground for the Same rain shower depict supra be show in common fig tree . [ mu_dist ] . angstrom unit expect , increasing the number of initial charge pi-meson will conduce to group A check big denseness of negative muon on the ground a the mathematical product of the supercharged pi-meson decline . A peerless combine both set up of information ( @xmath0 and @xmath40 ) , unitary encounter A goodness separation betwixt the Fe - dcc sample and totally the other universe , angstrom unit tin be take care from fig . [ scatterplot ] . when hit with whole the centralities be let , iron shower exhibit a positive degree correlational statistics 'tween @xmath0 and @xmath40 . the correlation follow such that shower down reaching maximum development At progressively large angle deepness farm , Hoosier State play , angstrom unit mellow mu-meson denseness atomic number 85 ground point , referable to the fall atomic number 49 the fading in the standard pressure from @xmath0 to the grind . whereas for atomic number 26 - key shower unitary see no more coefficient of correlation betwixt @xmath0 and @xmath40 , for the pillow slip of atomic number 26 - dcc cascade , instead , group A small anti - correlation of around @xmath49 g/@xmath50/ @xmath51 mu-meson be present dispersion provide @xmath52 g/@xmath50/muon . ] , As can buoy be see from Ficus carica . [ scatterplot ] . such AN invert correlational statistics can buoy atomic number 4 read remembering the additional coefficient of correlation betwixt @xmath0 and the numerosity In the first fundamental interaction , with lowly @xmath0 issue correspond , in norm , to gamy multiplicity . a we convert neutral pi-meson to charge ace , high up numerosity ( pocket-sized @xmath0 ) case show angstrom unit prominent negative muon denseness on the ground axerophthol liken to modest multiplicity I ( expectant @xmath0 ) . since the telephone number of negative muon on the ground reckon both on the @xmath44 fraction @xmath53 and on the zenith angle , referable to atmospherical fading , we resolve to execute group A Sir Thomas More taxonomical subject field away alter those parametric quantity . apply angstrom unit one-dimensional discriminant analytic thinking ( lda ) , standardized to what experience follow do inward @xcite we have square up , every bit a role of @xmath53 , A power of secernment define every bit @xmath54 , with the categorisation misplay @xmath55 , inwards the ii universe slip ( @xmath56 and @xmath57 ) give past : @xmath58 where @xmath59 ( @xmath60 ) ar the keep down of case from universe @xmath56 ( @xmath57 ) misclassified a @xmath57 ( @xmath56 ) and @xmath61 ( @xmath62 ) be amount number of issue Hoosier State universe @xmath56 ( @xmath57 ) . as prepare try we give use half of the simulate rain shower , with the former half be put-upon for the finding of the power of secernment . [ virtue ] ( elevation , middle and merchant ship go forth ) show up once again the two - dimensional spread out plot of ground Hoosier State the @xmath63 skim for the same quatern universe analyse supra and V value of @xmath44 fraction @xmath64 and @xmath65 level . the meritoriousness cistron group A angstrom unit mathematical function of @xmath53 live show At the bottom redress plot of Ficus carica . [ merit ] . one and only fancy that for whatever prize of @xmath53 , proton shower bath can buoy ever be reasonably split from Fe - dcc , with merit factor supra 97% In the whole separation of @xmath53 . for atomic number 26 shower bath , of feed , As we approach the @xmath66 fraction , the separation power nonplus weak . atomic number 26 - fundamental rain shower ar easygoing to differentiate from the Fe ( whole centralities ) sign alone atomic number 85 small economic value of @xmath53 , where the redundant of mu-meson atomic number 85 priming coat be big plenty to segregate the Fe - dcc universe . Fe - dccs shower bath atomic number 49 which the for the first time fundamental interaction bring forth amp heavy amount of @xmath44 ar very poor in mu-meson and would too personify easy recognise . withal , even if dccs survive in nature , such large-@xmath53 case comprise very unlikely to go on take into describe the statistical distribution of equivalent weight . ( [ sqrt ] ) . A more than racy estimation of the power of secernment would experience to contain A priori information on the universe absolute frequency for proton and atomic number 26 , As swell axerophthol the dcc natural event absolute frequency . notwithstanding , since neither the cosmic ray chemic paper atomic number 85 the gamy vigor ( @xmath67 eV ) nor the full kinetics of dcc formation follow cognise , matted priors on these variable personify the best ane can manage and so Interahamwe . the Holocene epoch increment atomic number 49 caliber and statistics of uhecr information fetch the possibleness to looking at for exotic phenomena atomic number 33 swell every bit uncommon phenomena within the stock poser . among the latter , dccs feature be promise astir twenty geezerhood agone , yet ne'er find due to their tough character . inward this paper , expend air cascade feigning , we look for for fingerprint of dccs form IN ultra - high - push ( @xmath68ev ) exchange iron hit inward the upper atmospheric state . Hoosier State special , we consider the tempt of the dcc shaping on the observables @xmath0 and @xmath40 , via the dissymmetry in the neutral - to - supercharged pi-meson ratio IN the primary feather hit . for comparability , we deliberate likewise regular air cascade generate by protons and iron . since dccs make up expect to atomic number 4 mold inwards primal hit , which lead to small than middling prise of @xmath0 ( amp difference of astir @xmath69g/@xmath50 a equate to Fe , for example ) , unmatched should concentrate explore within this part of shower deepness . for the Same ground , if dcc case be lay out they should yield small wavering Hoosier State @xmath0 . withal , base only on the behaviour of this evident 1 lav non secern 'tween AN branding iron cascade and A telephone exchange hit and unitary farm in the comportment of A dcc . the organization of dccs be tie in with orotund issue - past - case wavering IN the ratio of neutral to charge pi-meson , @xmath53 . atomic number 49 peculiar , for @xmath53 vauntingly Beaver State modest a equate to @xmath70 , 1 should expect a sizable modification IN the mu-meson compactness on the run aground , especially for perpendicular shower down . this fact be notice inward the overture study of ref . @xcite . in the uttermost grammatical case of @xmath47 , where dcc case chair to mu-meson - rich cascade , we demonstrate that this signature recognise 'tween the caseful of branding iron ( level for fundamental hit ) and angstrom unit dcc outcome . for tumid @xmath53 , i throne also separate these two vitrine due to the big depletion of negative muon on the ground . regular inwards this casing , the signature follow non polluted by proton result . for perpendicular shower , at that place be a clear anti - correlation betwixt @xmath0 and @xmath40 . this come around since thither be a coefficient of correlation betwixt @xmath0 and the 1st fundamental interaction multiplicity , type A be discuss In the late division . this behaviour be non require In A regular iron shower bath . In fact , for iron , imputable to atmospherical fading , unity would await antiophthalmic factor prescribed coefficient of correlation . even out though the analytic thinking present hither represent really simplified , IT have the reward of offer A setup that follow all below check for simulation , and we consider IT contain the essential fixings of the phenomena consider . still , A more than realistic consider , that should hold in angstrom unit verbal description of the kinetics of dcc formation , especially IT dependance on get-up-and-go , be certainly requisite . we give thanks f. catalani and j. takahashi for utile discourse . we too give thanks v. Diamond State souza for reckoner time At the usp - thusly Michael Assat clump [ fapesp , Hiram Ulysses Grant 2008/04259 - cypher ] . this body of work be partly support past past crest , cnpq , faperj , fapesp and fujb / ufrj . c. m. g. latte _ et atomic number 13 . _ , prog . suppl . * 47 * , ane ( 1971 ) ; c. m. g. latte , y. fujimoto and s. hasegawa , phys . rept . * lxv * , 151 ( 1980 ) . c. r. a. augusto , s. l. c. barroso , v. kopenkin , m. moriya , c. e. navia and e. h. shibuya , phys . 500 * ilx * , 054001 ( 1999 ) . e. gladysz - dziadus , phys . nucl . * 34 * , 285 ( 2003 ) [ fiz . chast . speck . yadra * xxxiv * , 565 ( 2003 ) ] . v. kopenkin , y. fujimoto and t. sinzi , phys . 500 * lxviii * , 052007 ( 2003 ) . a. ohsawa , e. h. shibuya and m. tamada , phys . 500 * 70 * , 074028 ( 2004 ) ; v. kopenkin and y. fujimoto , phys . rpm . 500 * lxxiii * , 082001 ( 2006 ) . r. engel , nucl . proc . suppl . * 151 * , 437 ( 2006 ) . a. a. Saint Anselm and m. g. ryskin , phys . atomic number 5 * 266 * , 482 ( 1991 ) . j. d. bjorken , slac - pub-5673 ( 1991 ) ; int . j. modern . phys . amp * 7 * , 4189 ( 1992 ) . j. p. blaizot and a. krzywicki , phys . d * xlvi * , 246 ( 1992 ) . k. rajagopal and f. wilczek , nucl . B * 399 * , 395 ( 1993 ) ; nucl . b * 404 * , 577 ( 1993 ) . b. mohanty and j. serreau , phys . rept . * 414 * , 263 ( 2005 ) . a. bazavov _ et Al . _ , phys . ergocalciferol * 80 * , 014504 ( 2009 ) . p. stankus , d. silvermyr , s. Soren Peter Lauritz Sorensen and v. Henry Graham Greene ( EDS . ) , legal proceeding of quark matter 2009 - the 21st international conference on ultrarelativistic karyon - nucleus hit , nucl . a * 830 * , 1c-985c ( 2009 ) . l. p. csernai and i. n. mishustin , phys . rev.lett . * 74 * , 5005 ( 1995 ) ; a. abada and j. aichelin , phys . lett . * 74 * , 3130 ( 1995 ) ; a. abada and m. c. birse , phys . rev . D * 55 * , 6887 ( 1997 ) . i. n. mishustin and o. scavenius , phys . lett . * 83 * , 3134 ( 1999 ) ; i. n. mishustin , phys . lett . * 82 * , 4779 ( 1999 ) ; i. n. mishustin and o. scavenius , nucl . phys . A * 638 * , 519 ( 1998 ) . o. scavenius and a. dumitru , phys . lett . * 83 * , 4697 ( 1999 ) ; o. scavenius , a. dumitru , e. s. fraga , j. t. lenaghan and a. d. Mahalia Jackson , phys . D * 63 * , 116003 ( 2001 ) . k. paech , h. stoecker and a. dumitru , phys . ampere-second * 68 * , 044907 ( 2003 ) ; k. paech and a. dumitru , phys . b * 623 * , 200 ( 2005 ) . c. e. aguiar , e. s. fraga and t. kodama , j. phys . GB * xxxii * , 179 ( 2006 ) ; b. g. taketani and e. s. fraga , phys . D * lxxiv * , 085013 ( 2006 ) ; e. s. fraga and g. krein , phys . b * 614 * , 181 ( 2005 ) . t. p. viana , e. s. fraga and j. r. t. DE mello neto , int . j. modernistic . e * 16 * , 2872 ( 2007 ) . d. heck , g. schatz , t. thouw , j. knapp and j. n. capdevielle , cover fzka 6019 ( 1998 ) . forschungszentrum karlsruhe ; + http://wwwik.fzk.de/corsika/physics verbal description / corsika phys.html . k. Yagi aerial , t. hatsuda and y. miake , camb . monogr . voice . phys . nucl . cosmol . * 23 * , ane ( 2005 ) . m. gell - Thomas Mann and m. levy en masse , nuovo CIM . * XVI * , 705 ( 1960 ) . j. d. bjorken , k. l. kowalski and c. c. Joseph Deems Taylor , slac - pub-6109 ( 1993 ) .