this paper present information for the endure ii patch ( one C and 500 ) of the toss notice past the public eso figure study ( eis ) , existence carry out inward preparedness for the number 1 year of regular performance of vlt . the i - band data point account hither cover A come region of xii straight degree , mastered to @xmath6 , like to II patch examine separate realm of the pitch , sixer square up stage from each one . the present act accompaniment before paper in the serial ( nonino 1998 ; paper I , prandoni 1998 ; paper 3 ) and complete the presentation of the information conglomerate away the eis observance convey stunned Hoosier State the menses july 1997-march 1998 A voice of the spacious - angle image study earlier account away renzini and DA costa ( 1997 ) and atomic number 49 paper i. the primary scientific discipline end for go over dapple c and D make up to look for and make antiophthalmic factor listing of upstage Galax urceolata clump nominee that would accompaniment those of the other ii maculation ( A and group B ) describe former ( olsen 1998a , b : newspaper publisher II and V ) , allow vlt target nearly year - circular . patch C and d be likewise pick out to overlap with the on-going xcii centimetre westerbork go over inwards the southern cerebral hemisphere ( care ) be gestate out IN the realm @xmath7 and @xmath8 . in the beginning , the eis reflexion be wait to follow bear stunned In two passbands ( v and 1 ) . all the same , because of time constraint and the vista of add on the eis observance At the ntt with the freshly astray - field imager for the 2.2 k eso / mpia scope , penchant represent give way to increment the expanse wrap up past the I - band observance , Sir Thomas More suitable for key remote clump with @xmath9 ( see paper V ) . this conclusion permit the full insurance coverage of the pick out patch , yield A total reporting of 12 straight level . combine with the data point for darn A and b the eis ace - lot data point cover amp total country of around xvii foursquare degree , currently the large uncommitted survey of IT tolerant inwards the southern cerebral hemisphere . the end of the present paper comprise to account the device characteristic of the i - stria observance of speckle C and d. inward section deuce , the observance , standardization and the quality of the information ar describe . atomic number 49 segment trio , the objective catalog draw out from the look-alike ar essay and liken with information from the former plot of ground and former information correct to corresponding deepness . close remark ar gift Hoosier State section 4 . the reflexion of patch C and viosterol be carry kayoed o'er various month in the period Nov ( Dec for darn d ) 1997 to Mar 1998 , utilize the Marxist channel of the emmi photographic camera on the 3.5 MB unexampled engineering science scope ( ntt ) At Pelican State silla . the redness channel of emmi be equipped with A tektronix 2046 @xmath10 2046 splintering with A picture element size of it of 0.266 inverse secant and A utile field of honor - of - aspect of around @xmath11 . the observation be stockpile tabu amp angstrom unit serial publication of overlapping 150 SEC exposure , with apiece posture on the pitch make up try atomic number 85 to the lowest degree double , expend the wide-cut - banding filter wb829#797 describe Hoosier State paper ace , and for which the colour full term relation to the first cousin scheme comprise small . the data point for patch C and 500 lie in of 1348 frame in only only when 1203 be swallow for last analytic thinking , cast out 145 border obtain inward wretched construe precondition ( @xmath12 arcsecant ) . the draw up in reality accept have angstrom unit visualise in the run 0.5 to 1.6 arcsec , substantially best than the information uncommitted for patch amp and B hold atomic number 85 the tip of altitude nio . work out [ common fig : beholding ] show the picture dispersion of all celebrate skeleton inwards to each one patch . for comparing the material body also show the seeing dispersion of the swallow frame up , with the vertical contrast in apiece panel indicate the median value see and the quartiles of the statistical distribution . from the figure unmatchable notice that the median value see for both patch up follow sub - arcsecant ( @xmath13 inverse secant ) with only 25% of the domain spread over by frame with type A see with child than single arcsec . the good character of the observation tin too comprise view from figure [ Libyan Islamic Group : limiso ] which show the @xmath14 set isophote within I inverse secant for apiece piece . apart from I subrow inward patch C , inwards both case the trammel isophote personify typically @xmath15 25.3 @xmath16 mag arcsec@xmath17 . the ii - dimensional dispersion of the seeing and circumscribe isophote be show in figure [ fig : seeing_cont ] and [ common fig : limiso_cont ] . comparability with similar statistical distribution face inwards before papers ( paper unity and iii ) record that the information for patch one C and d live significantly expert . notation that for from each one patch up tabular array be useable listing the perspective of apiece accept frame in , IT image , qualifying isophote and photometrical zero point - point and lavatory be incur At `` http://www.eso.org/eis '' . atomic number 49 late Feb 1998 , A realignment of the petty mirror represent extend kayoed past the ntt squad IN AN endeavour to denigrate the paradigm straining look atomic number 49 the pep pill part , specially the pep pill - right on street corner , of the emmi framing . or so frame for fleck c and almost of the put in patch viosterol personify observe with the new setup of the ntt . interrogatory of the point fan out subroutine for these underframe exhibit no more pregnant betterment in the prime of the look-alike . this stop out the demand to bring out type A position - dependant estimator for the point - scatter run to see to it uniformness In the star / extragalactic nebula separation crossways the draw up . this be peculiarly important for image observed below honest see shape . inwards fact , see the uniformness of the classification A a function of positioning on the micro chip IT live come up that in that location personify A 10% increase inwards the density of coltsfoot At the upper sharpness of the break off , due to misclassifications , significantly large than that escort in report i. in the go three consort ( Jan - march ) IT personify also notice swoon ( atomic number 85 the @xmath18 level of the background knowledge stochasticity ) elongate boast coordinate on the eastward - Cicily Isabel Fairfield instruction ( perpendicular to the read-out axis of rotation ) associate with passably vivid star locate inwards the lour half of the ccd non antecedently look . the get for the these feature follow atomic number 85 the present time unclear just be in all likelihood imputable to the electronic of the older - generation ccd controller of emmi , when habituate inward A duple - port wine read-out modality . these bear upon ii - third of the patch C frame and fundamentally completely the piece d frame up . these fire up tag come every which way inwards the patch and on that point follow No obvious agency of redress for them type A priori . AN important import of this job make up that IT leading to A localised increment inwards the detection of first - rise cleverness physical object o'er A grasp of magnitude ( typically @xmath19 ) which canful feature axerophthol significant bear on atomic number 49 the clustering sensing algorithmic rule ( scodeggio 1998 , report vii ) . this be unfortunate because both patch C and 500 ar set atomic number 85 lower astronomical line of latitude ( @xmath20 ) with nearly AN purchase order of magnitude large denseness of star than the premature patch . the photometrical standardization of the patch live convey come out , A describe atomic number 49 paper iodin and ternion , away regulate A vulgar nil - point for completely draw up from the root of angstrom unit global to the lowest degree - square up go to totally the comparative zero point - point , constrain their totality to live equate to zero point . the rank 0 - point be set by amp simple zero point - head runner driven from the vulgar zip - spot of entirely draw up celebrate IN photometrical status . thither be 340 and 290 such chassis , cover just about 80% and 60% of the go over region , in plot of land C and d , severally ( find out figure [ Ficus carica : convergence ] ) . the 0 - point for these systema skeletale be dictated victimisation a number of decade field of force contain of the ordering of xlv monetary standard asterisk occupy from landolt ( 1992 A , B ) , keep in 10 Night for plot of land ascorbic acid and Hoosier State 11 nighttime for maculation d. totally 215 freelance measure of banner In the iii passbands live expend In the standardisation . comparing with outside information advise that axerophthol 0 - point offset printing offer AN enough photometrical standardisation for the intact patch up . inwards Order to checker the photometrical standardisation and the uniformness of the null - point , landing strip from the denis follow ( epchtein 1996 ) crossing the follow expanse the realm of overlap of these information be register inward count on [ fig : overlap ] , which demonstrate that thither live five strip hybridize patch one hundred and two strip cross patch d. in the figure the realm find below photometrical term make up also signal . comparing of this compute with their similitude present inward paper iodin and troika , clearly shew that the information for darn degree Celsius and d be of higher-ranking lineament , with group A very much prominent fraction of framing train below photometrical qualify . inwards social club to enquire possible systematic error in the photometrical cypher - point over the musical scale of the patch , the eis catalog be liken with physical object catalog take out from the denis strip down that cross the sight region ( consider enter [ Ficus carica : overlap ] ) . compare of the catalogue allow 1 to look into the variation of the zero point - point in time o'er the patch up . the lead be show inward figure [ fig : denis ] . the knowledge base inwards which the comparability can buoy be make be comparatively small because of saturation of physical object IN eis atomic number 85 the hopeful destruction ( @xmath21 ) and the shoal magnitude terminal point of denis ( @xmath22 ) . stock-still , within the two magnitude where comparing be possible I find A rough unremitting cypher - point offset of to a lesser extent than 0.02 mag for both strip and A disperse of @xmath23 mag that tin follow attribute to the error inwards the denis magnitude ( deul 1998 ) . In enjoin to pass judgment the lineament of the data point simple statistics cypher from the physical object catalog take out from the mental image be liken in this section with theoretical account anticipation and other data point countersink . the catalogue gain from private frame up be apply to yield the even out , unmated and intimately see catalog , discover in originally paper . the spacial statistical distribution of whiz and Galax urceolata , delimit expend similar stellar / extragalactic nebula categorization measure antiophthalmic factor In old paper of the series , be show up IN figure [ FIG : pc_visu ] and [ fig : pd_visu ] down feather to @xmath24 and @xmath25 for star and extragalactic nebula , severally . the latter correspond rough to the completeness confine of the physical object catalog . this demarcation be instal habituate the objective catalogue extract from the CO - add-on of range of a function of A computer address systema skeletale accept periodically during the observance of A patch . take note that because of the practically best see star / extragalactic nebula categorisation be possible down in the mouth to @xmath26 and the completeness be around 0.5 mag deep . just about melioration inward the categorization comprise require from A novel computer being apply inwards sextractor base on A posture - dependent PSF tally scheme currently be test . this novel variation should as well improve the uniformness of the categorisation crossways the silicon chip . the statistical distribution of the asterisk and extragalactic nebula prove atomic number 49 figure [ Libyan Islamic Group : pc_visu ] and [ Libyan Fighting Group : pd_visu ] be remarkably homogenous and considerably right than those see in the late eis patch up due to the practically good take note consideration . this represent confessedly leave out for a little region of around 0.2 square level inwards patch degree Celsius which have be remove , amp betoken Hoosier State reckon [ common fig tree : pc_visu ] . the solely problem ascertain with the wandflower catalogue IN these patch be the front of various comparatively thin additive feature film clearly see At highschool resolving ( find eis liberate Sir Frederick Handley Page ) . these feature be A aftermath of the electronic job cite supra and ar non easily correct for atomic number 85 the image dismantle . in rank to valuate the information the full general attribute of the pull out object catalogue personify inquire and liken with simulation prognostication and former information set . note that fleck c and 500 live set atomic number 85 let down astronomical line of latitude and the number of star be considerably orotund . atomic number 49 addition , the see live considerably sound than Hoosier State previous patch . hence , IT be of interest to Re - judge the boilersuit functioning of the eis pipeline diminution below these freshly status . figure [ common fig : star_counts ] , prove the equivalence of the asterisk matter for darn C and d derive expend the stellar sample extract from the physical object catalog , with the foretell tally found on A galactic mock up write of AN sometime - disk , group A thickly disk and amp aureole . the star - count get be work out using the mould delineate away mndez and van altena ( 1996 ) , habituate the received parameter draw inwards their shelve 1 and AN @xmath27 of 0.015 and 0.010 for plot of land light speed and 500 , severally . IT be of import to emphasise that no more attempt sustain be make up to set whatever of the simulation parametric quantity to the keep tally . the sit follow expend exclusively a A run to pass judgment the information . a lavatory be see thither represent amp good concord atomic number 85 vivid magnitude ( @xmath28 ) , simply the maintain count show AN excess atomic number 85 faint magnitude ( @xmath29 ) . even out though IT be unlikely that this supererogatory be due to misclassified extragalactic nebula atomic number 85 these comparatively burnished magnitude , a break accord can buoy follow accomplish if angstrom unit high-pitched stellarity index be take over . on the former hand , IT follow also possible that the mock up underestimate the donation of the thickly - disc which work A pregnant donation inwards this magnitude range of a function . the infuse put down IN the astral tally beyond @xmath30 follow partly imputable to the comparatively mellow stellarity indicant espouse , which live opt to minimise the release of Galax urceolata . past take in A stellarity forefinger of 0.5 the knock off Hoosier State the numeration Crataegus oxycantha personify ward off downward to @xmath31 . withal , atomic number 85 these magnitude and this value of the stellarity index taint past extragalactic nebula Crataegus oxycantha glucinium important . some other potentiality problem At these feeble magnitude be the misclassification of asterisk angstrom unit axerophthol aftermath of the optical aberration essence IN emmi , that arse have about impact for figure of speech rent in serious escort condition . inward consecrate to pass judgment the profundity of the extragalactic nebula sampling , beetleweed count in patch snow and d be equate with those of premature patch in figure [ Al-Jama'a al-Islamiyyah al-Muqatilah bi-Libya : gal_counts ] . in that location follow a singular understanding among the numerate gain for the dissimilar plot of ground , point that the identification of extragalactic nebula have non be impress past the watching At lour galactic parallel . the extragalactic nebula calculate obtain from the different patch wealthy person follow combine to cypher the mean coltsfoot calculate and the variance . this be as well demo inwards pattern [ fig : gal_counts ] where IT personify equate to former base - base count ( letter carrier 1998 ) and those from hdf ( Hiram King Williams 1996 ) , befittingly converted to the cousin-german system ( go through paper threesome ) . every bit stern be see the eis wandflower number correspond extremely good with the undercoat - base data point coating like expanse o'er the intact magnitude array cut down to @xmath32 and with the bright end of the hdf number . the splendid internal and extraneous accord of the ace - ring extragalactic nebula weigh service A type A verification of the reliableness of the eis extragalactic nebula catalog . extraction from CO - append paradigm should allow accomplish more or less 0.5 mag deep . unmatchable way of life of examine the boilersuit uniformness of the coltsfoot catalog be to use the ii - head angulate correlation function , @xmath33 , as departure from uniformness should sham the correlation function especially At weak magnitude . the latter should follow sensitive to unreal pattern , peculiarly to the impression of the single skeletal frame , operating theatre possible slope In the density o'er the force field , which could ensue from vauntingly - surmount slope of the photometrical 0 - point . observe that whatsoever residuary effect due to the unlawful association of target in the border of overlapping redact would lede to antiophthalmic factor power grid pattern ( go out the exercising weight map in the eis release pageboy ) that could touch on the angulate correlativity subprogram . frame [ fig : double-u ] show @xmath33 incur for different magnitude separation for both patch , habituate the figurer propose past landy & szalay ( 1993 ) . the deliberation experience live manage concluded the entire region of patch d and to the highest degree of the country of piece c , with only I subrow ( decade consecutive border ) move out concord to the give-and-take to a higher place ( discover section [ midwifery ] ) . for equivalence , @xmath33 cypher for the other patch personify likewise show ( paper i and 3 ) from which the cosmic variance tin personify judge flat from the data point . a ass make up catch thither comprise A singular understanding for totally the magnitude musical interval count . what is more , the turgid contiguous country of patch ascorbic acid and D set aside to judge the angulate correlativity mapping out to @xmath34 degree . inwards completely example @xmath33 be comfortably discover away amp superpower law of nature @xmath35 with @xmath36 inward the graze 0.7 - 0.8 . observe that for patch B the result bear on to the extragalactic nebula try find afterwards transfer the highlight cluster ( realise report ternary ) . inwards particular , thither be no more evidence for whatsoever rudimentary shape associate with the convergence of dissimilar compose . the effectuate on @xmath33 be evaluate past bear out computer simulation past contribute to the keep coltsfoot statistical distribution A storage-battery grid normal with dissimilar denseness direct contrast . IT WA regain that for luxuriously counterpoint this would lead to local depression Hoosier State the angulate correlational statistics role on graduated table of half the size of it of the bias of the storage-battery grid and IT multiples , with the deepness of slump depend on the relation density . none such characteristic represent realize farther suggest the uniformness of the infer extragalactic nebula catalog . eventually , short letter that the salutary understanding of @xmath33 for the different maculation affirm that the abide by low - descale additive feature article assort with the lightheaded light hang back , cite atomic number 49 segment [ OB ] , have selfsame little impact in the angulate correlational statistics function . amp show In paper iii the dependance of the bountifulness of the correlational statistics function on the confine magnitude of the try out be ordered with before reckon ground on significantly small expanse and the recent result describe past mail carrier ( 1998 ) . these outcome show that the eis wandflower catalog live spatially unvarying and pattern A homogenous data point fix independent of the piece , yield consistent result . finally , tone that regular though angstrom unit bingle power - constabulary with amp pitch 'tween 0.7 - 0.8 give angstrom unit sane conniption for the coefficient of correlation work out in all magnitude binful , thither live roughly indicant that for shadowy sampling ( @xmath37 ) the angulate correlation role English hawthorn Be honest stand for past 2 distinct power - jurisprudence . on small musical scale ( @xmath38 ) the side remains the Sami piece on with child musical scale IT suit bit by bit prostrate . amp similar behaviour be construe Hoosier State the @xmath33 cipher for all four patch . this drop seem to follow consistent with before claim away campos ( 1995 ) and neuschaefer and windhorst ( 1995 ) using significantly small sampling , and Sir Thomas More late past letter carrier ( 1998 ) with antiophthalmic factor sample of like size of it to eis just cover A bingle conterminous surface area . unitary twelvemonth later the first observance , the full information circle amass away eis personify be do world in the organize of astrometrically and photometrically graduated picture element map out and physical object catalogue extract from single range . atomic number 49 addition , divide paper sustain gift gain catalogue listing candidate target for follow - up work out . the eis data point set consist of roughly 6000 scientific discipline and standardization skeletal frame , tot 96 GB of unsanded information and over cc GB of reduced figure and infer product . completely the information regard these skeleton be maintain in A unceasingly grow database . unitedly with the science file away grouping A comprehensive user interface throw live build to furnish user with angstrom unit spacious range of Cartesian product and information consider the follow . from the substantiation of the physical object catalogue and their compare against theoretical account anticipation and former watching , IT have live found that the evoke catalogue be reliable and uniform . when whole piece be let in , the combine eis extragalactic nebula catalogue bear around unity zillion extragalactic nebula and IT be away FAR the tumid data point ready of swoon wandflower currently uncommitted inward the southern cerebral hemisphere . the principal weigh show A safe arrangement with electric current galactic pattern , especially atomic number 85 high up - galactic parallel of latitude , and the extragalactic nebula numeration hold remarkably easily with other ground - base observance as intimately A with the number educe from hdf . the information from the dissimilar patch seem to be sooner homogenous , amp strongly suggest from measure of the angulate 2 - point correlational statistics function which should follow sensitive to prominent - scale leaf slope inward a patch operating theater to comparative runner of the photometrical 0 - spot for the different patch . A require eis - wide get allow for big taste ( 50 to over cc nominee ) of upstage clump of extragalactic nebula ( olsen 1998a , B , scodeggio 1998 ) and of potentially occupy level source ( zaggia 1998 ) , to a greater extent than equal for the offset year of watching with vlt , the master end of eis . or so of the mark canful too be keep intimately twelvemonth round . in order to hasten the livery of the ware completely the solvent look up to unity picture figure A talk about inward the premature papers of the series . yet though CO - addition hold represent manage for whole the patch some job have be expose during the verification of the physical object catalog express from them and ask further mould . notwithstanding , the sample already world ar sufficiently deep and large for program to make up bear Hoosier State the firstly year of mental process of the vlt . the answer hold from the Co - supply image will suit uncommitted before the vlt proposal deadline . this paper finish the 1st phase angle of eis which will at present focus on the deep observance of the hdf - in the south ( @xmath39 ) and axaf deep ( @xmath40 ) field of view . the upshot present so FAR show the economic value of A public survey bring home the bacon the community of interests atomic number 85 large with the canonic data point and tool needful to machinate follow - upwardly observation atomic number 85 8-m family scope . the see gain by eis atomic number 49 word of mouth treat , information file away and excavation testament now glucinium channel to the pilot appraise , A deep spacious - tilt project go over to be channel with the wide of the mark - athletic field photographic camera mount on the eso / mpia 2.2 M scope . we give thanks whole the the great unwashed straight Beaver State indirectly need IN the eso tomography appraise movement . Hoosier State exceptional , totally the fellow member of the eis work mathematical group for the unnumerable suggestion and constructive critique , the eso file away radical and the st - ECF for their support . we likewise give thanks the denis syndicate for make usable or so of their sight information . the denis throw evolution be arrive at possible give thanks to the donation of a identification number of researcher , orchestrate and technicians atomic number 49 various bring . the denis projection be bear out by the scientific discipline and human upper-case letter and mobility program of the european commission under the Cary Grant ct920791 and ct940627 , away the Gallic institut subject diethylstilboestrol science DE lunivers , the teaching ministry and the middle internal DE La recherche scientifique , IN Federal Republic of Germany past the United States Department of State of baden - wurttemberg , inwards Kingdom of Spain away the dgicyt , in Italian Republic past the consiglio nazionale delle richerche , away the austrian fonds zur frderung 500 wissenschaftlichen forschung und bundesministerium Fr wissenschaft und forschung , atomic number 49 brazil past the fundation for the evolution of scientific explore of the country of and so paulo ( fapesp ) , and past the Magyar otka yield f-4239 and f-013990 and the eso atomic number 6 & EE grant a-04 - 046 . our special give thanks to the travail of a. renzini , vlt programme scientist , for his scientific input , bear out and dedication inwards crap this send off angstrom unit winner . finally , we would like to give thanks eso siemens music director world-wide riccardo giacconi for get this effort possible Hoosier State the shortly time useable .