Ashantai Yungai is the member of of Health Products And Supplements Compliance Team.
Ashantai Yungai holds Quality And Compliance Manager.
Justin Lee holds Ceo.
Ashantai Yungai is the specializes in of Chemistry.
Ashantai Yungai is the previous position at of Senior Organic Chemist.
Myriad Pharmaceuticals is the previous position at of Senior Organic Chemist.
Myriad Pharmaceuticals is the name change to of Myrexis Pharmaceuticals.
Ashantai Yungai works Vitamin Supplements.
Vitamin Supplements is the potential treatment for of Alzheimer'S Disease.
Vitamin Supplements is the potential treatment for of Diabetes.
Vitamin Supplements is the potential treatment for of Cancer.
Ashantai Yungai is the experience in of Analytical Chemistry.
Analytical Chemistry includes Systems.
Systems is the component of of Mat.
Systems is the component of of Lab On Demand (Lod).
Systems is the component of of Lcr.
Ashantai Yungai works Reckitt Benckiser (Roche).
Ashantai Yungai works Teva Pharmaceuticals.
Teva Pharmaceuticals transitions Quality Assurance.
Ashantai Yungai transitions Quality Assurance.
Quality Assurance is the involves of Control.
Quality Assurance is the involves of Research.
Research is the involves of Data Analysis.
Data Analysis is the ensures of Regulatory Compliance.
Ashantai Yungai receives Bachelor Of Science Degree.
Bachelor Of Science Degree completes Dillard University.
Ashantai Yungai receives Master Of Science Degree.
Master Of Science Degree completes University Of Florida.
Ashantai Yungai is the current position as of Regulatory And Quality Manager.
Ashantai Yungai is the works in of Nutraceutical And Natural Product Manufacturing Industry.
Biovation Labs is the operates in of Nutraceutical And Natural Product Manufacturing Industry.
Biovation Labs moves Corporate Headquarters.
Corporate Headquarters includes Manufacturing Facility.
Biovation Labs is the serves of Established And Emerging-Stage Companies.
Biovation Labs holds Cgmp Certified.
Biovation Labs holds Fda Certified.
Biovation Labs holds Iso Certified.