seoul , south korea ( ap ) — north korea has cancelled one of the major cultural exchange events with south korea planned for next month ' s winter olympics , officials said , citing ##ing the strained nature of relations between the two countries for many years . south korea on twitter , released a statement saying it won ' t hold a major cultural event on the city ' s olympic mountain on feb . 4 to celebrate the winter olympics in pyeongchang , south korea , according to korea ' s culture ministry . the ministry quoted north korea as saying it had no other choice but to cancel the event because of south korean media reports that it has expressed its " strong " support for the olympics . the ministry also accused south korean officials of staging a scandal over an upcoming cultural event in south korea , according to the ministry statement . the ministry said south korea found the north ' s decision " extremely unfair . " the ministry didn ' t say which media reports were at fault . but the officials also criticized the north ' s decision to hold a cultural event to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the independence of its country on feb . 4 , just one day before the games ' opening ceremony . south korean officials also said the north planned a major military parade on the mountain . it ' s also saidhow the new developments would affect the various sports - related cooperation projects between the countries . they plan to form a joint women ' s hockey team and name their athletes # ##d with a new logo during the feb . 15 opening ceremony . a few north korean hockey players arrived in south korea last week to train with their south korean counterparts . south korea has a history of last - minute agreements and policy changes , and some analysts say it may have tried to gain concessions from the south . the visit earlier this month of a prominent world leader to various sports events in the south was delayed by north korea but eventually took place . the countries ' recent diplomatic efforts followed a period of mutual concern over north korea ' s nuclear program . some analysts say the north will try to improve its relationship with south korea to reduce u . s . - led diplomatic pressure and pressure on the south .