new york ( ap ) — the average audience for bruno mars ' s performance at the grammy ##s was a lower one than mtv ' s awards show had seen for over a decade , and a slight drop of 20 % from the average a year earlier . the nielsen ratings showed , that 18 . 3 million viewers watched the grammys , compared to 19 . 5 million last year . this was the grammys ' lowest rating since 20 million viewers in 2009 . this year ' s show suffered from a lack of musical guests , with big - name artists adele , beyonce and taylor swift absent from the show . it was seen early on as a big night for rap , and while that may be music ' s most popular genre today , it may have been off - limits for more mainstream music fans . rapper kendrick lamar responded with a rap that included a number of people being hit with bullets . comedian dave chappelle later offered an explanation for fans who may have been offended : " the only thing more fun than seeing a black man being honest in america is a black woman being honest in africa , " he said . the show featured some political commentary , including a parody of hillary clinton , from michael jackson ' s best - seller about the clinton campaign , " fear and hope , " whichwell received programs on women ' s issues and domestic violence . there is a news story on fox news channel that an " anti - gay campaign " was responsible for some viewers turning away . " you can see people turning red when it gets that bad , " said ainsley earhardt , the host of " fox & friends , " the nation ' s favorite talk show . the viewership drop is significant compared to other awards ceremonies worldwide . the most watched golden globe and oscar shows were down 50 % from the previous year , while this year ' s average viewership is about the same as the year before , she said . grammy viewership has also dropped between 20 and 30 % this past year , from a peak of 22 . 5 million viewers being watched in 2012 , when the ceremony took place shortly after whitney houston ' s death .