las vegas ( ap ) — golden knights coach gerard gallant for years and talked about his team ' s hard work , their determination to win and dedication to winning the whole " 100 years of hockey . " in anticipation of game 2 of the stanley cup finals on sunday night , the golden knights were badly outworked , outbattled and outhustled , losing 3 - 2 to the washington capitals . game 2 is sunday night in vegas and vegas is going to have to push the scoring line even further in a playoff game with two goals down . vegas outshot the capitals in game 2 , 29 - 21 , but the best stats went to washington , which gave the expansion team just their second straight loss of the postseason . gallant had two blocked shots to go for him , helping goaltender braden holtby turn things around . gallant allowed no goals in the opener but was instrumental in game 3 as he made 21 saves — none other than goaltender alex rodriguez with the butt of his stick in a trick move with just 1 : 30 left . and while vegas outhit the golden knights , 38 - 28 , it was one of gallant ' s saves that stunned the capitals in the third period . vegas defenseman brayden mcnabb flattened washington ' s second - year goaltender evgeny ku##znetsov , called him to the locker room with a little more than two minutes left in the third period . he didn ' t play . with kuznetsov gone , head coach barry trotz added nicklas backstrom to his offensive line with alex ovechkin and ryan kelly . and 1 : 30 into the third period , with the game tied at 1 - 1 and the capitals on the power play , ovechkin scored his first ever stanley cup winning goal to give the capitals a 2 - 1 lead . from there , things changed and saw two more scoring opportunities in favor of marc - andre fleury , who had yet to win two games this postseason . a little more than two minutes after ovechkin scored , tomas orpik ended his 220 - game goal drought with the overtime game winner . it was his first goal since nov . 22 , 2016 . although the london knights outshot washington 3 - 0 in the first period , the capitals scored faster , played better , fought harder and played better to secure home - ice advantage with their first - ever playoff win . the capitals returned to capital one arena , where they had compiled a 1 - 1 record in the postseason . _ _ _ _ _career statistics : http : / / apnews . com / stats / stanleycupfinals