san francisco ( ap ) — : children are not required to be provided for by the government when seeking asylum , a federal appeals court ruled unanimously . the court rejected a claim by the american civil liberties union and rights advocates that children have a constitutional due process right to a free trial . no system currently exists to give the children a fair hearing , and requiring the government to provide legal counsel would be an act that would " undermine an already overextended legal system , " a three - judge panel of the ninth u . s . circuit court of appeals said . the court said many of the thousands of children the government attempts to protect each year appear in court without a lawyer because they can ' t afford one or allow others to argue their cases for them . the process is an unfair competition that provides children with the ability to navigate difficult legal situations against qualified government counsel , the plaintiffs say . ahilan arulanantham , executive director of the aclu of southern california , said the court had already considered the next case . " the available evidence , which the court examined , shows that children are many , many times more likely to win their cases if they have legal representation , " she said . the ninth circuit rejected a lawsuit brought by a 14 - year - old girl whooriginally named " c . j . " he fled mexico with his mother after receiving death threats , and a gun to his head , when he tried to join a gang . they arrived in the u . s . in 2014 , and the boy was placed in immigration detention two years later . the immigration judge told the boy ' s mother she had the right to an opinion , but she said she did not have one , according to the court order . the case went ahead without an appeal , and the court denied the boy ' s asylum application . the boy requested a new court - appointed hearing for himself and other immigrant children to face deportation proceedings . ninth circuit judge consuelo callahan said an administrative process was already in place to protect the rights of immigrant children . an immigration judge is required to carefully and independently weigh and review all the facts of the case , not just act as a neutral party , according to callahan . an immigration judge can refer cases back to the court if they fail to perform that function . arulanantham said the immigration judge was not an appropriate substitute for a judge . in c . j . ' s case , the ninth circuit said the immigration judge made some decisions , but nothing that would have changed the outcome . the court said the immigration judge' s decision to order deportation . in a separate opinion , ninth circuit justice william brennan said the court is not clear on whether immigrant children who came to the u . s . without their parents or guardians are entitled to immigration benefits . he said that ' s a different question that " could lead to a different outcome . "