us secretary of state mike pompeo met privately with kim yong chol , a former aide to north korean leader kim jong un . the most recent north korean to visit the us in over 20 years , kim began meeting with pompeo to discuss and discuss what could be a historic meeting between us president donald trump and north korea ' s kim jong un . what we know is the meeting pompeo and kim yong chol had for about 90 minutes over dinner . the meeting took place inside the american diplomat ' s apartment on new york ' s east side , just north of the united nations headquarters . the us secretary of state said the dinner " was great " and that the two had agreed on " good terms . " the details of the meeting were not publicly made public by either of the two men . no comment : donald trump ' s american viewpoint stated : north korea has a major sticking point : the issue of denuclearization is a major point of contention between korea and us . the us has been demanding that north korea dismantle its nuclear weapons program . it believes that it needs nuclear weapons for national security . north korea is under international sanctions because of its nuclear program . american viewpoint : it is kim yong chol? what ? ? the summit was part of a series of diplomatic efforts to restore the highly successful trump - kim summit in 2017 . while pompeo and kim yong chol were speaking over lunch , dozens of us diplomats were visiting their north korean counterparts in seoul and in the korean war zone . a former north korean intelligence officer , kim yong chol is among the most trusted advisers of the north korean leader . he is a former chairman of the north korean communist party ' s central committee . kim yong chol has played a major role in the recent deterioration of north korea ' s relations with south korea and the us . he hosted kim jong un during all his meetings with south korean president moon jae - in in april and may . he also hosted pompeo during his 2017 us visit . pompeo and kim yong chol are scheduled to hold a series of meetings on friday to determine whether the summit between trump and kim jong un , originally scheduled for june 2017 and later postponed by trump , will be held . north korean media reported that kim yong chol was receiving a personal message from the south korean leader and would travel to seoul to deliver it to him in person . ap / rt ( tv , reuters ) - dayat 1830 hours , dw ' s editors hand out a summary of the day ' s breaking news and investigative investigative stories . you can sign up to watch it from home .