taiwan television came to dongmen market to ask the people about their thoughts about the late entertainer chu ke - liang ( [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] ) , a popular and still a controversial figure in the taiwanese entertainment industry . the late entertainer chu ke - liang , whose real name is hsieh hsin - shin ( [UNK] 新 [UNK] ) , has served the taiwanese people since 1980 . he is often remembered for his efforts to keep the taiwanese culture alive and encourage taiwanese people to be proud of their cultural heritage . in spite of everything there are still feelings of sadness . he has gone into bankruptcy in the early 1990s to pay his huge nt $ 1 billion ( us $ 32 million ) in debts . the 35 - year - old actor and comedian , known for his very short stature , lost his battle against lung cancer on august 15 after it was diagnosed two days before . he was remembered by his family and his friends who remembered their favorite songs and his life . the following are interviews with people at dongmen market in daan district . the people were asked what their favorite chu ke - liang was , tv series , song , and what they really thought of him . " ke - man " ( [UNK] ) , book . " chu ke - liang was a very good man ! "a good man . he was very kind to others and treated them well . his wife ( jeannie hsieh ) was very beautiful and when she was in a car accident , he donated a lot of money to help her get settled in . the only good thing about him was that he was a fraud . he was so much in debt , that he just disappeared for two years without any sign of return ! this was a huge loss for me at that time ! i never thought i would be able to spend that much money . it ' s more than what i had spent my whole life . he was a good man with two wives and four children . " chu chung - liang , businessman , pig farmer " i always wanted to watch his tv shows and movies . " " tsan - hsiu " ( [UNK] [UNK] 秀 ) , one of his most popular tv shows . chu ke - liang was our own charley , and helped to shape our taiwanese culture . the show had almost been forgotten until he decided to make his movies entirely in english . " chen shih - tsung , the leader of dongmen