a built - in keylogger has been installed on a number of hp computers for the first time in 2017 . the security software was created by security researcher michael myng , who also goes by the pseudonym zwclose . according to myng ' s blog , he found the keylogger in the top drawer when he was looking for more information about how the screens of hp computers were backlit . " the keylogger sent the data to a wpp server . the trace was disabled by default but could be disabled by entering a hash function ( uac . ) , " myng wrote in the blog . source : hp security report report . ( hp security report ) when myng first saw what looked like the search results for the keylogger , he decided to look closely . however , without having an internal database of his own , he couldn ' t look as closely as he wanted to , the company said . instead , he reached out to hp . upon reaching hp , the company spoke to myng and removed the keylogger , which he said was not a secure system . a patch has since been released that removes the keylogger , but users can leave their computers to use it . hp has since created a web site with thethe detailed information for which device models are affected , and changes to the software . the bug affects hp servers , hp client clients , hp printers , and personal computers as well . hp users should check the list of affected machines on the home page to see if their name is listed . however , this isn ' t the first time a keylogger has been found on hp servers . also in january 2017 , a keylogger was found in an embedded software package installed on some hp servers , according to technology blog modzero . while an instance of the keylogger could have been detected , the use of the embedded software could be related to hp ' s public image among consumers . user privacy is a major concern among consumers , and any software that looks like it could potentially violate that privacy could drive them insane . the next best thing for techrepublic , a built - in keylogger was found on a small number of hp servers by technology blogger eric myng , also known as zwclose . installed in the pc case , the keylogger could access codes to the wpp software , but it was removed for security , myng wrote in his blog . hp users should check the list of affected machinessearch google ' s home ##page for the keylogger , and take the necessary steps to secure their identity . be ##ware , click here to go to the techrepublic cybersecurity web page . please also .