wellington , new zealand ( ap ) — the wellington - based crusaders finally consolidated their position in the super rugby table when they beat the auckland - based chiefs in an elimination final match , before the season starts for the crusaders . the crusaders were two games up in second place when they finally beat their arch rivals , the wellington - based hurricanes , last week and had the opportunity to take that title and extend their unbeaten run to five games against the second - placed chiefs . the way in which the crusaders beat the hurricanes , despite having two more all blacks who were either injured or out , has led some fans to consider it a sign that the two - time champions will win the tournament for the second consecutive year . coach brian robertson said the victory of a severely - injured crusaders over the high - scoring hurricanes " was probably a very important moment in the crusaders history . " " i think the fans weren ' t sure what to do and that about sums it up , the sense of relief that was felt post - match , " robertson said . he said the crusaders are not taking for long to win on saturday in what was an easier game against a strong team not affected by injuries . " the crusaders are an incredibly strong team , " he said . " despite their injuries they havedid a great job with the players that have come through for them - so have we , and it will be a great year . " the hurricanes would quickly recover from their poor performance against the crusaders to finish up with the blues within two weeks from the end of the regular season . coach chris boyd said the lessons learned from the loss to the crusaders would not be lost to the hurricanes , who play a different type of game . " they play better than anyone else , " boyd said . " they ' re really good at this game . they ' re always ready to say ' now you kick the ball and we ' ll run you through and you make the kick and we ' ll pick it up and play . ' " the new south wales blues still have a chance to extend their lead in a final playoff game before world rugby returns for test matches between australia and england , new zealand and england and south africa and australia . the hurricanes , who play the queensland reds on sunday , win the series by one point from the melbourne storm and face the sydney - based blues in the final from which the south african team are eliminated .