arsenal paid a club - record fee of 1 . 5 billion euros ( $ 30 million ) to bring pierre - emerick aubameyang from borussia dortmund to arsenal , following the collapse of the club ' s squad that was caused by alexis sanchez ' s move to manchester united . in arguably the most expensive move in the premier league on the last day of the january transfer window , aubameyang joined arsenal in a deal that should result in olivier giroud leaving the club in the final transfer — , to join rivals chelsea . the 19 - year - old aubameyang will compete with , and possibly beat , offseason signing alexandre lacazette up , as arsenal continue to build up an eight - point lead to the champions league qualifying round in the premier league . another new addition in arsenal ' s attack is henrikh mkhitaryan , the striker who joined from manchester united last season as part of the same deal that brought him to old trafford . mkhitaryan and aubameyang teamed up to great effect when they played together for arsenal in the 2015 - 16 season , scoring 19 goals between them in all competitions . mkhitaryan praised aubameyang in a video posted on arsenal ' s twitter account . in the, aubameyang scored 50 goals in 120 appearances for arsenal in the premier league after joining from saint - etienne in 2013 and was the top scorer that season with arsenal . only four players from germany ' s top two leagues have scored more goals than the german striker since the start of 2014 - 15 season . arsenal had posted a video on their website in the early hours of wednesday , during which manager arsene wenger announced the signing of aubameyang at an inter - team meeting after the premier league match against liverpool on wednesday . the video was later taken down . arsenal lost to liverpool 2 - 1 in a game that showed their team up front without the german striker around . this left wenger ' s team in last place with two games left . the fee for aubameyang is similar to that paid by leicester city for french under - 21 striker aymeric laporte on wednesday . that is also a club record — and it could be paid a week later if arsenal were to get moroccan striker riyad mahrez to etihad stadium . arsenal has reportedly made a bid for english football ' s player of the year for the 2015 - 16 season following an injury to leroy ##inho that had ruled the french striker out for up to two weeks . thesomething that could go ahead on monday is tottenham ' s signing of striker ricardo moura from paris saint - germain . moura is just arriving from portugal on monday ahead of his new appointment . _ _ _ _ ap premier league stats : http : / / apnews . com / stats / premierleague _ _ _ steve jones , on www . twitter . com / sdouglas80