there were prayers and prayers for almost two hours . reporters from around the world commented on the assassination . they have been talking non - stop . then it turns out that it was no assassination at all . rather , it was a fake assassination staged by ukraine ' s security services that has raised more questions than answers . was it necessary for ukraine ' s security services to fake the death of ukrainian president arkady babchenko in order to foil a real assassination attempt ? such a death would not warrant such a crime . however , kyiv had a large audience for what was happening and so a staged assassination could get the international attention it wanted . kyiv could make the case to blame russia for the babchenko ' s assassination , but , on the other hand , the government itself is accusing kyiv of misleading the international media with a fake assassination . can the ukrainian government be trusted ? how will the world know , if the assassination in ukraine actually happened ? wait a day or two just in case ? kyiv is getting itself into a dangerous situation if it does not gather enough evidence in the meantime . even if there is strong evidence for allegations against the alleged perpetrators of the alleged assassination on behalf of russia , kyiv runs the risk of losing the credibility and credibility it has . could babc##henko ' s body had been found in the house ? as reported in a news report after the police arrived , babchenko ' sfamily was not aware of the attack . the man said in a radio broadcast to his wife : " and thanks to my wife , olechka , there was no other explanation . " later it was reported in a news report that his wife had seen arkady dead and called the police and an ambulance . this is a question that needs to be answered . how did ukraine ' s security services manage to reach an agreement with the perpetrators of the attack ? the man who had killed the president worked with ukraine ' s security services . according to the prosecutor general yuriy lutsenko , when ukraine ' s security services found out about the assassination attempt , they managed to reach agreement with the perpetrators . but so far there have been no further concrete developments . that ' s not enough information to give the complete picture of what really happened .