legazpi , laguna ( ap ) — a significant amount of rain has fallen on or near the philippines ' most active volcano from recent eruptions of lava from the volcano . mount mayon in the albay sea has been active more than two weeks , and 10 , 000 people who entered the danger zone are staying in hotels and other temporary accommodations . the philippine institute of mining and geology said a large explosive eruption lasted more than an hour and a half last afternoon . the ash cloud rose 1 . 5 kilometers ( . 93 miles ) from the crater and caused significant ashfall in the towns of camalig and guinobatan . mayon has been producing red - hot lava eruptions , sending clouds of ash and molten lava into the air and plunging people into safety with the ash since jan . 15 . activity has peaked at a level four on a scale of five , and a more intense eruption could be expected . officials have reported that despite the explosive eruptions of yesterday , mayon is still filled with ash beneath the crater and could rise again . no fatalities have been reported from the recent eruption , but officials have decided to move them out of the danger zone 8 kilometers ( 5 miles ) from the crater . they are concerned the eruption will continue ., threatening the lives and health of those in mayon ' s vicinity . government officials say that supplies are running low and have said supplies for facemasks will be depleted if the eruption continues . the government has considered the possibility of creating a new " no man ' s land " around mayon , a controversial and controversial proposal that would affect villages and hundreds of people living in the mountain valleys nearby . another proposal is creating a national park at the base of the volcano , where trees could grow and create a barrier against volcanic activity endangering villages and towns . mayon has erupted over 100 times in the last 100 years , sometimes violently . in 2013 , an explosive explosion killed five people who had climbed to the summit without warnings . the island has over 50 active volcanoes . the eruption of mount mckinley in 1991 was one of the largest volcanic eruptions of the 20th century , killing hundreds . _ _ _ associated press reporter jim gomez of cnn contributed to this story .