los angeles ( ap ) — thousands of armenian - americans took to the streets of los angeles on sunday to commemorate the deaths of an estimated 1 . 5 million armenians in the ottoman empire a decade ago . the protest began shortly after armenian prime minister serzh sargsyan resigned after several days of violent anti - turkish demonstrations in that city . armenians in los angeles were demanding that the 1 . 5 million deaths reported in 1915 be recognized by turkey as genocide . a similar protest was held at the turkish embassy in los angeles . although many and many armenians consider it to be genocide , being — part of the ottoman empire — all those who died were victims of civil war and genocide . los angeles residents wearing turkish and armenian clothing held signs that read " 1915 never happened " and " the genocide must end . " " we ' re here to remember what happened and remember the genocide and also to send a message to the armenian people , " said dickran khodanian , an activist with the armenian national council of america . marie keshishian , an 18 - year - old student at glendale college , said that two of her great - great grandparents were killed in the genocide and that she was raised in their memory . " i ' m not here today to call for peace ,to fight for armenia , to fight for the rights — my grandparents , my great - great grandparents , and their lives . . . to help get more people to know and understand that there was no genocide , " keshishian said . david antaramian , a 28 - year - old armenian american , said his family was afraid to leave armenia , and that he participated in the march every day . " it ' s important to always remember what our people have gone through because if this is ever going to happen again , we need to show the world what our people went through , " he said . kim kardashian , , one of the most prominent armenian - americans in the u . s . , showed an iconic photograph of herself in yerevan and addressed the people calling for the genocide to be remembered . " it ' s so great to see all this , and our people make a difference , " she said . " it ' s a great day for everyone . "