skaramangas , greece ( ap ) — soccer fans of a certain age may well remember antonis nikopolidis for his resemblance to american actor george clooney and as the man who helped greece become the olympic champions in 2004 . as the country ' s national soccer team coach , nikopolidis is helping people living in greece develop a sense of identity . the soccer team he helped create , called hope ( elpida in greek ) , is made up of refugees who fled warzones in lebanon , yemen , iraq and afghanistan . most of hope ' s players live in skaramangas , an industrial area north of athens where old buildings have been converted into l - shaped homes . they play in an indoor league on saturdays , against teams made up of doctors , computer operators and engineers . nikopolidis , a soft - spoken 34 - year - old whose hair has turned white in winter , says that training and competition are a great opportunity for young people with # ##ties in the european union ' s fast - track visa system . " we ' re helping people who are facing a difficult time in their lives , " he says . " they are citizens of our country , and we are working with this country to give them a few hours of freedom. " soccer is the main form of entertainment for many of the 100 , 000 political and economic migrants living in and around europe as they wait for their passports to be processed and a possible visa back to albania . " you have to take your time ( doing something ) because it ' s so important , " hozaifa hajdepo , 26 , a soccer player from albania , said . " if you stay in your country and you don ' t have fun , you will feel like — you will die . " the union of european football associations , the governing body for football in europe , has made efforts to recruit players from other countries . most of the money that goes to greece is being used to support nikopolidis ' team . about 10 , 000 players have already moved from greece to other european union countries , and the team only has so many players . " with the number of players remaining at just over half the normal level , most of the team needs to stay in europe for a while . " it ' s a challenge for us to do this , " nikopolidis said . " the important thing is that they do it , that they have to . . . we have created a network of support , with bonds of friendship , with support . "_ _ _ theodora , and srdjan nedeljkovic from september 2004 . and stavrakis at http : / / www . youtube . com / tstavrak and gatopoulos at http : / / www . youtube . com / dgatopoulos