reuters ( ap ) — the following about the federal government ' s climate change policy ( all - inclusive ) : 11 : 20 a . m . arnold schwarzenegger is saying that u . s . president donald trump ' s rejection of the paris climate agreement doesn ' t matter , because companies , universities and local governments should " pick up the pace " to reduce carbon emissions . the american actor and former california governor took a friend on a free public bike ride as part of festivities leading up to the international climate summit , hosted by french president emmanuel ##le . schwarzenegger said " donald trump left donald trump out of the paris agreement , " but many in the private sector , state and local governments , politicians and scientists are committed to fighting climate change . a former environmental ##ist , schwarzenegger said that many people " don ' t know what global warming or climate change really is , " and urged environmental ##ists to focus on efforts to reduce emissions , because of the potential risks . _ _ _ 11 : 20 a . m . french president emmanuel ##le ' s " make our world green ! " awards initially were aimed at american climate change scientists , but now has been extended to include non - american climate scientists . france was announced the overall winner this morning , andmicrosoft headquarters in paris . studio city , where microsoft and other technology companies are discussing plans to launch projects aimed at reducing emissions . french national research council cnrs . the short ##list was cut down to 100 candidates by 2016 , the majority of them born or living in the u . s . about 100 candidates will be chosen annually , and funded with 10 billion euros ( $ 60 million ) from the us and european funding agencies . some french academics have complained that microsoft is wasting money on french projects and they are asking for more support for french higher education . _ _ _ 5 : 00 p . m . several u . s . - born american citizens are expected to receive multi - year , all - expenses - paid visas to travel to france . the " make our world great again " grants are an initiative by french president emmanuel ##le to counter u . s . president donald trump on the climate change issue . he announced a deadline for the deadline hours after he declared he would withdraw the u . s . from the paris agreement reached in paris in 2015 to reduce climate - change emissions . he is announcing the winners of , day of the earth summit , aimed at bringing new support to the paris agreement and providing additional funding to help individuals and groupsand global goals . more than 100 world leaders were invited in 2016 for the " one world summit , " co - hosted by the u . s . and the world bank . china was also invited .