foxborough , mass . ( ap ) — tom brady of the philadelphia eagles , threw the ball and then set out on foot to join the new england patriots on the road to the super bowl . " it ' s going to be tough , it ' s going to be a lot of hard work , we ' re still a tough team , and i tell you what , we ' ve got a locker room full of players that are up for the challenge , " the eagles ' 32 - year - old quarterback said at a sendoff rally at eagles stadium attended by thousands of fans , most of whom left in the pre - game hours . brady , the last of the players to leave , thanked the fans for their support that day . " we have one more to go . we ' re going to win and we are going to win it for you guys . we love you . go now ! " he said to many cheers . one was dressed as a man . he had a large replica of a super bowl trophy on his head . another fan held a sign that read " just be tom brady , this never gets old . ' after the game , the players boarded buses for a short trip to j . f . kennedy stadium in rhode island for the road to thefor sunday ' s super bowl . thousands of fans gathered at the airport to watch the team board the patriots ' plane , known as the kraft after team owner robert kraft . the boeing 767 was decorated with the team ' s logo and the vince lombardi letters . in foxborough , the crowd also heard from quarterback bill belichick , and other patriots players including cornerback danny amendola and running back duron harmon , who led the crowd into chanting " patriots ! " while introducing themselves . tight end rob gronkowski also appeared on stage , although he didn ' t play . he hoped that he ' ll be able to play in the super bowl after suffering a concussion in the afc championship game against the jacksonville jaguars . the crowd was also joined while waiting for the game to start by the team ' s lighting crew steve socci and mike zolak , as well as football player jermaine wiggins , a member of the 2001 championship team . they also saw a 16 - foot - by - 16 - foot italian pizza pie , with the words " well done , " the team ' s mascot for this super bowl made by montilio ' s pie co . , and cut into 10 , 000 pieces .