- ( ap ) — the fbi deputy director john mccabe released a memo describing events leading up to the firing of his former boss , james comey , a person familiar with the memo , last week . the memo spoke on condition of going to the associated press to discuss a classified memo that had been turned over to special agent robert mueller . his office was investigating whether the clinton campaign worked with trump during the 2016 presidential election and whether the fbi intended to undermine that campaign through actions following the firing of comey last week . the memo detailed a conversation that mccabe had with assistant attorney general rod rosenstein during rosenstein ' s request for comey ' s firing . rosenstein played an important role in that conversation , having written a letter thanking comey for his handling of the hillary clinton email controversy that the white house set up as retaliation for president donald trump ' s decision to fire the fbi director . rosenstein also said he wrote a letter setting aside his relationship with comey after learning that the white house intended to fire him . according to mccabe ' s memo , rosenstein admitted to him that he was very reluctant to discuss the russian issue in his earlier letter to comey . while the leaked memo didn ' t make mention of russia andfocusing primarily on the # ##gate case . rosenstein became mueller special counsel a month after comey was fired . he has said he would recuse himself if and if his work became central to mueller ' s investigation . the ap reported in 2016 that mccabe had drafted several documents , mostly about his relationship with trump . comey also wrote a series of letters about his past relationship with trump that unnerved him . the new york times also reported on the contents of this particular memo . mccabe became acting deputy director after comey ' s firing that month . he was removed as deputy director in 2017 , just days before his scheduled retirement , amid the attorney general allegations that he had misleading mueller investigators about his work in an october 2016 letter to the wall street journal . _ _ _ _ eric ##kson on twitter : https : / / www . twitter . com / etuckerap