like a tape recording , audio , or video ? this is the good news : amazon key can now deliver packages into the consumer ' s car at no additional cost , saving them time and money . customers can have packages delivered to their car in the office parking lot , which is more efficient than delivering the package in the office . amazon key customers can now have their delivery packages delivered directly into their car using amazon key , the company said in a 2014 press release . amazon key was originally designed as the service for delivering packages directly into the car of the customer . now , however , the amazon key in - car service can deliver packages into other vehicles as long as they are parked somewhere that is easily accessible , like a store or an office , the press release said . amazon key in - car is now available in most major cities , and currently works with 2015 or newer chevrolet , buick , gmc , cadillac with onstar ; and 2015 or newer volvo ##s with volvo # ##star , according to an amazon release . source : online market research ( amazon ##week magazine ) " to start delivery , users use the amazon key app and then sync their home address with their amazon key user account , " the company said . " once delivery is complete and the delivery location has been selected ,customers can register at amazon . com and use the " in - car " delivery service at home . " amazon ceo michael j . from ##m said in the release that he started the service with his onstar - equipped car , " giving customers keys to open the doors and re - lock the doors . and each time the delivery driver gains access to the customer ' s car , it ' s done through an electronic key process , the release said . once the driver is confirmed to be in the correct location with the delivery driver , the car is sold . " no credit cards or keys are ever provided to delivery drivers , " the release said . on delivery day , customers must verify they are located within sight of the delivery driver and are then given a 24 - hour timetable for when the delivery will take place . amazon key in - car is safer than having a package delivered to one ' s home , as sales of online delivery have increased . however , it ' s much less expensive than delivering packages into the home , as is the case with the traditional online home delivery service . for example , amazon key in - car can save money and offers plenty of advice for having packages delivered into a car parked in the home parking lot . it ' s alsoa lot more efficient than the usual deliveries back to the office during the business day . with phone and internet in - house , amazon is able to integrate the digital world of e - commerce with the physical one . it ' s a fascinating look at the wonders of the digital world and some people like larry dignan , of our web site zdnet , have singled the company out as " one of the most exciting tech companies ever . stay tuned , come here to listen to the techrepublic amazon . you can read it . subscribe to amazon