nl ( ap ) — mike mahle ended his seven - hit bid with freddie freeman ' s single in the ninth , and the cincinnati reds took a huge early lead when ray gennett singled in the ninth inning for a 9 - 6 win over the atlanta braves on opening night . gennett hit his second homer of the season off right - hander mike clemens ( 2 - 1 ) for his first career game - winning hit . clemens ended the reds ' early seven - run lead with his single off mahle , marking the third time the reds failed to get out of the game against the veteran right - hander . freeman singled twice and then scored three runs in the ninth . dan henderson ( 1 - 0 ) hit a walk - off double in the tenth and got the final two outs . thanks to their best start since the great depression , the 9 - 6 reds went for their first set of back - to - back wins since early 1972 — ( best of five games — and got an impressive performance from their most experienced starting pitcher . the 22 - year - old mahle had a career - high hit with a fly ball that had the braves reeling . he led the league in strikeouts , and allowed only two runs .the went to six innings . he led off the inning with a single on the game ' s first pitch — mahle shook his head and muttered a word of protest as the ball left the field . kurt suzuki hit a two - run homer later in the inning . mahle drew attention on his return to the majors after pitching a no - hitter in single - a in 2016 and a perfect game in 2017 , in triple - a . he scored twice in the eighth inning against ryan garrett , taking a three - run lead . ender inciarte ' s bases - loaded , two - run homer against raisel hernandez came off gennett at third base for a 7 - 7 tie . joey votto and gennett hit their first of — back - to - back base hits in the ninth against brandon wood — as the tigers ' starting rotation showed signs of bouncing back . mlb ' s scouting report : manager brian snitker decided to give starting pitcher josh freeman a few days off . freeman had made a team - high five starts and struggled during a 3 - 1 start on tuesday . " this is probably the reason he ' s been used more in the game in his career , " said##ker said . " it ' s a good position for him to play in . " reds : 1b devin mesoraco was released with a strained elbow . . . . 3b eugenio suarez accepted a rehab assignment with triple - a louisville . he has been out since july 2 , when he was hit by jameson taillon ' s pitch and broke his right wrist . opening - day : jacob wisler ( 1 - 0 , 3 . 00 era ) has 0 - 1 record against the reds in two starts and two relief appearances , allowing five runs in 5 2 / 3 innings . reds : 1b brandon finnegan ( 1 - 0 , 2 . 05 ) makes his first start . he began the season on the dl with a strained right elbow . he ' s given up two runs in 5 2 / 3 innings . _ _ _ _ ap ##s : http : / / apnews . com / ap / mlbbaseball