the ( ap ) — " efforts to rebuild syria after the civil war is over should focus on how to kick start the recovery and quickly improve the lives of the people , a high - ranking united nations official said " . in an interview with the associated press ahead of an upcoming upcoming un conference , the united nations ' food and agriculture organization ' s deputy secretary general daniel gustafson said that in terms of a return to agriculture the impact of improved agriculture would yield more immediate benefits . " if you invest in that , you are going to see a quick recovery , " he said . after many years of fighting in much of the middle eastern region which has destroyed crops and damaged infrastructure , agriculture still accounts for about a third of syria ' s gross domestic product . recent estimates show that over $ 16 billion of farmland has been lost because of the war and it will take twice as long to get the recovery of agriculture started again . at the two - day un conference this day , leaders from around the world pledged to commit $ billion in aid to meet the growing needs of syria . over $ 20 billion was pledged last year . agriculture in syria dates back many thousands of years and the country was once a hub for the economy . when the war began , half the populationwas very important in agriculture . and despite the civil war that destroyed farms and vineyards , cut the supply of seeds and machinery and sent many people homeless , " the industry continues to this day . " the recovery of the agricultural sector is an amazing thing . you now have half the amount of wheat of what you had before the war " — 5 million today , out of 4 million before the war , gustafson said . also , about 1 . 5 million people are in desperate need of emergency relief because they have a shortage of food , said gustafson . while most of the violence leads to violent acts like bombings and tear gas attacks , living in the countryside also has a terrible psychological impact . " there is this terrible degradation of their lives . you cannot buy things , you cannot sell them , you cannot work , you cannot find spare parts , " gustafson said . " the whole thing just kind of goes away . " he said that eventually , the economy will probably start up again , once the conditions are better , once the new jobs come in , and people and goods are finally able to move around the country .