beijing ( ap ) — published a story jan . 20 about swedish author gui minhai , who was held hostage by someone who appeared to be chinese . while traveling to beijing , in the company of swedish diplomats , the reporter incorrectly referred to gui as a chinese citizen . gui is a naturalized swedish citizen . a full version of the story is available . the call for release of missing swedish author beijing ( ap ) — . donald trump ' s administration has joined other countries in requesting china to release a swedish author who writes controversial books about chinese culture . a u . s . state department spokesman called on china to disclose gui minhai ' s whereabouts and allow him to leave china if he wishes . " we call on chinese authorities to explain the factual and legal basis for mr . gui ' s arrest and detention , disclose his whereabouts , and allow him freedom of movement and the right to leave china , " journalist lisa nauert said in a statement . the u . s . " will continue to work with our citizens , governments and international organizations in promoting greater respect for human rights in china , " nauert said . about 20 beijing police officers stopped gui and other activists on jan . 20 as they traveled by train to beijing . gui , a naturalized swedishhowever , was released and his whereabouts remain unknown . gui reportedly disappeared from his home in taiwan in 2015 and reappeared days later in beijing after being arrested for a year - long copyright violation . in a videotaped interview that police said was taped , gui said that he had turned himself in to chinese authorities over a hit - and - run incident . that raised suspicions that he had been abducted by the chinese security services . gui remained closely guarded even after his release from prison . his lengthy detention has reportedly alarmed western governments as it lingered in the minds of many . the chinese foreign ministry says it has no information on gui ' s whereabouts , and has suggested that he may have been violating the terms of his release . the government did not immediately respond to his request for information online . gui was one of several hong kong journalists whose arrest symbolized china ' s failure to take a hard line on encouraging political dissent and promoting free speech _ _ under international pressure . he was placed into house arrest in 2016 in the coastal city of ningbo , china in what his wife angela calls a state - managed prison . under chinese law , those convicted of a crime can have their civil rights suspended for a period of time , although it wasn ' t clear whether that wasin gui ' s case . the provisions , which are often not made explicit , may also include restrictions on travel . the office of italian foreign affairs minister federica mogherini has said she " fully supports the continuing concern and support of the italian government " in gui ' s case .