new york ( ap ) — starting third baseman gleyber torres was placed on the 10 - day disabled list on tuesday because of a strained right elbow . torres was activated after striking out in his first at - bat in the fourth inning . the yankees went on to defeat the atlanta braves 6 - 4 . before the series opener against the american league east champion , yankees manager bret boone was concerned about the return of his injured teammate . torres did not play in that night ' s game , and entered the game primarily as a defensive replacement . " we ' re hoping it ' s a big one . but we know we ' ve got to deal with it this time because there is a small problem there , " boone said in the yankee clubhouse before the game . " hopefully it won ' t be something that it ' s too late . to keep us going to the all - star break . " boone said the yankees would resolve the situation with a day off , before heading to florida for the start of an eight - game , five - day road trip heading into the all - star break in july . torres was hitting . 294 with 17 home runs and 53 rbi in his first 42 major league games . he underwent an mri and was not allowed to speak to fans after the game . neilboone , who moved up from third base to second at the end of the first inning , could do most of the work in torres ' absence . another possibility could be ronald torreyes , but he ' d been on the injured reserve list at triple - a scranton / wilkes - barre for more than a year to deal with a shoulder injury . brandon drury , who started 114 games at shortstop for yankees last season , could also move into the rotation . boone wasn ' t sure how the injury had occurred , pointing out that torres had made some " good , solid plays a couple of days ago when he came up on some good pitches . " the yankees manager also said that if the injury had occurred earlier in the game , it would ' ve been " good " for the phenom to be back on the mound again . but the team with the second - best record in baseball went the opposite way . " anytime you ' re getting a hand , shoulder , arm , if you get a cut on it , you get it before you can give it a full exam , " boone said . " and then you ' re talking weeks and months . things like that . so i think the best thing is to do this now . gleyber has to have a couple ofwell , go for it . but i think he really thinks this is the best thing for him and for me . " _ _ _ _ ap sports : http : / / apnews . com / sports / mlbbaseball