boston ( ap ) — andre henrique scored , and the mighty ducks snapped boston ' s 14 - game losing streak with a 3 - 1 win over the bruins on christmas night . jakob silfverberg then scored for the ducks , the first ducks to beat the bruins in boston since boston ' s 5 - 4 win oct . 11 in boston . ryan richards and rickard rakell had two assists each . chris wall made three saves before retiring in the third period with an ankle injury . ryan murphy played the final 1 : 30 and almost completed the comeback for the ducks when ryan spooner scored for boston with 15 seconds remaining . henrique shot into an empty net with 1 . 5 seconds remaining to seal victory for the bruins , which ended boston ' s 14 - game losing streak and a streak of 15 games with at least one win ( 13 - 0 - 4 ) , which tied for the second - longest in nhl history . anton khudobin stopped 29 shots for the bruins , but quickly faded after being outshot 6 - 0 in the first period and falling behind 2 - 1 on goals by silfverberg and henrique . the ducks have won four games against the bruins , but haven ' t defeated them since their 3 - 2 shootout victory on christmas. boston , 2013 . boston took a 2 - 1 lead when khudobin couldn ' t quite hold onto a long shot from gibson . the puck slipped from khudobin ' s hand and went into the net , where it appeared to be kicked in by ducks forward zdeno horn . horn went back into his own net 1 : 04 into the game . silfverberg was credited with the goal and it went to gibson and rakell , who set up the ducks ' second goal a few minutes later when henrique scored . the ducks went on a power play and passed the puck into the net , then to henrique in the goal ##mouth for a long shot that hit khudobin on the other end at 1 : 30 . he took a few minutes to recover after a hard hit from patrice bergeron hit him in the head early in the game , but ended up scoring with 1 : 30 remaining and was replaced by fowler . source : the ducks played a two - game playoff series against eastern rival boston . . . . . lw anders bjork withdrew after the first game with an upper - body injury . . . . boston was without leading scorer alexandre marchand , who sat out the remainder of a three - gamesuspended for causing an incident last year against new jersey . tv : senators : host the ottawa senators on wednesday night . blues : host the st . louis blues on wednesday night . _ _ _ _ ap sports : http : / / apnews . com / sports / nhlhockey