- ( ap ) — below is the information the fed released shortly after the first meeting concluded : information received since the first labor policy committee meeting in 2008 shows that the labor market has continued to recover and that economic activity has been expanding at a moderate pace . gains in employment , personal income , and personal capital expenditures have remained steady , and the unemployment rate has remained low . on a 12 - month basis , both overall wages and prices for goods other than food and clothing have continued to fall below 2 percent . market - based measures of unemployment expectations have improved in recent years and remain stable ; market - based measures of long - term inflation expectations are not stable , on average . consistent with its current mandate , the committee seeks to maintain full wage and price controls . the committee believes that , with only gradual changes to the direction of monetary policy , economic activity will increase at a moderate rate and labor market growth will remain steady . inflation on a 12 - month basis is expected to pick up this rate and to stabilize below the committee ' s 2 percent objective in the long term . long - term changes to the economic system appear roughly linear , and the committee is following them more closely . in light of current and anticipated labor market changes and trends , the committee seeks to maintain the optimal level for thefederal funds rate at 1 - 1 / 2 to 1 - 1 / 2 percent . the direction of monetary policy remains unchanged , while ensuring stable labor market conditions and a stable 1 to 2 percent inflation . in determining the nature and extent of future increases to the maximum inflation for the federal funds rate , the committee will examine actual and expected economic developments relative to its goal of maximum inflation and 2 percent inflation . this analysis will take into account a wide range of factors , including observations of labor market conditions , estimates of interest rates and inflation expectations , and information about social and economic conditions . the committee will carefully examine actual and expected economic developments relative to its maximum inflation goal . the committee expects that economic conditions will change in a way that will permit significant future increases to the federal funds rate ; the federal funds rate is expected to remain , for some time , below those that are likely to occur in the long run . however , the future effects of the federal funds rate will depend on the economic conditions as determined by current legislation . members for the fomc monetary policy advisory committee janet a . yellen , chair ; william j . dudley , vice chair ; david i . barkin ; john a . bostic ; lael brainard ; loretta m . mester; john b . williams ; randal a . quarles ; and john c . williams .