sports ( ap ) — the women ' s gymnastics coach at michigan state university , announced her resignation online , the day after she was fired for what her lawyer described as her " courageous defense " of a university official accused of sexually abusing female athletes for years . kathie klages has also been involved in lawsuits by several women who claim she brushed off allegations of assault by dr . larry nassar in the early 1990s . klages is " fiercely protected " by the university and would not do anything to put herself in " harm ' s way , " her lawyer , shirlee bobryk , said in a statement . " out of loyalty to the university and the gymnastics program in michigan , dr . klages believes it is in everyone ' s best interest for her to resign from her teaching position at msu , " bobryk said . it ' s one of the biggest controversies on campus since nassar was fired from michigan state in 1992 and more than a dozen women and men filed lawsuits against him . in two separate criminal trials , he ' s charged with sexually assaulted a woman in his detroit - area home and possessing child pornography . nassar has pleaded not guilty and denied the rape allegations against female athletes at michigan and indiana . he has alsoa medical professional with us - based usa gymnastics , which trains athletes . klages ' resignation after four years as head coach was announced publicly without any explanation from team officials . but the matter made national headlines resulting in a letter written by athletic director john hollis , who announced her suspension . hollis explained to klages that she was suspended because of what she had said at her sept . 11 meeting with her family . " you shared with the team your own personal feelings of concern over the allegations against dr . nassar . that resulted in some student - athletes at the meeting saying that they had received negative reactions , " hollis wrote . " others were uncertain with whom they could or should speak with about the allegations . while we know you provided student - athletes with information before reporting to the authorities of the ##ization , your public defense of dr . nassar created an emotionally charged atmosphere for the team , " hollis wrote . the letter and information about hollis ' comments wasn ' t immediately released to klages ' office . however , bobryk said klages would participate fully in any further criticism of nassar or allegations against him . " dr . nassar was trusted by ms . klages to fairly and honestly treat her family members . " shehaving gathered enough evidence to cast doubt on the validity of that belief from dr . nassar , she would have gone back to all her studies , " bobryk said . _ _ _ _ me ##u . https : / / www . facebook . com / edwhiteap