chris york ( ap ) — the title at the annual nathan ' s famous july fourth hot dog eating contest . ( all times local ) : 1 a . m . defending champion joey " red " jones gulped down a record 37 hamburger and fries to take home his second title at the annual nathan ' s famous july fourth hot dog eating contest . the southern california eater from san jose , california , took home the first ever bun and surpassed the previous record of 37 dogs and bun she set last year . the heat wasn ' t a shock ; the national weather service estimated the temperature at 100 degrees with a heat index of 100 degrees . miki sudo admitted after downing 37 dogs and bun that the heat may have slowed her down from winning the women ' s competition . that didn ' t stop the las vegas eater from easily beating out second - place contestant mischelle lesco of tuscon , california , who chowed down 37 dogs and bun . _ _ _ 1 a . m . miki sudo ( mihk ' - ' soo ' - ' ) downed 37 dogs to win her second consecutive title at the women ' s competition of the annual nathan ' s famous july fourth hot dog eating contest . the las vegas eaterfell short of the 100 hot dogs she won last year but still edged out second - place winner michelle lesco , of phoenix , arizona . lesco chowed down on wiener and bun . thousands of people endured 40 - degree temperatures and a heat wave of 90 degrees to watch the historic july fourth competition on the long island boardwalk . ten - time winner joey " jaws " chestnut will confront 20 other men during the men ' s competition , on for the ultimate black belt . sudo is a crowd favorite , receiving many cheers from the crowd during her competition , which was temporarily suspended when she needed hot water to cool her body . _ _ _ 10 : 05 a . m . it ' s been fun . chowdown champions will face off again at nathan ' s famous july fourth hot dog eating competition , where the men ' s record stands at 100 wiener and bun in 20 minutes . ten - time winner joey " jaws " chestnut will confront 20 other men on new york ' s long island boardwalk . he set the record last year . miki sudo ( mihk ' - ee soo ' - ee ) is seeking her third women ' s title in a row . the 20 - man field includes record - holder sonya "the " widow " ms . sudo managed 40 singles and doubles last year . thomas ' number is unknown , but she managed 42 last year . the game draws thousands of in - crowd fans and is broadcast on espn . last year , civil rights activists attempted to stage a protest amid the crowd . the activists were taken into custody for questioning and detention .