seoul , south korea - - ( business wire ) - - july 1 , 2018 - - yj technology co . , ltd . , a company specializing in the development of software and hardware for smt , and with 50 customers in 30 countries as their primary customer , announced that they have developed the smart line system for improvement of the overall performance of the equipment and the infrastructure in line with the fast - growing smt market according to web 2 . 0 . this new version includes video . see the official video at : http : / / www . businesswire . com / news / release / 20180531005051 / video / smart line system ( source : business wire ) yj network , which covers the entire smt line , is connected to the line control pc via internet connection , and the customer can send pcb status and other data to the yj facility via the line control pc . in addition , yj monitoring system , which allows the customer to monitor the performance of the equipment on the network in realtime via the network interface ( control pc and monitor , etc . ) , is being developed as the next - generation smt system to improve customers ' performance and reliability . in addition , the company has developed the microcontroller - based“ micom ( m ) ” to provide integrated hardware - and software - integrated automation systems to manufacturers . yj smart facility , to which micom is integrated , provides a system capable of incorporating analog and digital controls , and faster and more efficient inventory management , with reduced # ##load and the use of a graphical user interface ( gui ) for the user interface . the yj smart facility system , to which micom is integrated , can - - - through configuration , - - provide continuous quality monitoring and management of an enormous amount of equipment and data storage , - - provide realtime performance monitoring for maintenance and repair of , and support services for , the facility , and - - provide the infrastructure for the development of a manufacturing information system ( mis ) - based production management system . along with this , yj automated rack loading ( agv ) has been receiving increasing attention as the efforts of equipment manufacturers around the world are increasingly focused on manufacturing facilities . in addition to the pcb load and unloader that comprise the smt system , yj agv also automatically locks and locks the loading rack , connecting to the facility ’ automated automation system . this increases the efficiency of the operator ’ the production process by using the available resources . additionally , yj has been. , ltd . and also building its reputation as a socially - responsible company that supports the rights of children in difficult circumstances through its contribution to childfund foundation . copyright owner : : businesswire . com : https : / / www . businesswire . com / news / home / 20180531005051 / en / source : yj link co . , ltd . : kim lee @ yjlink . com keyword : asia pacific & pacific pacific keyword : manufacturing engineering other : mechanical engineering other technology source : yj link co . , ltd . / business : 2018 . date : 05 / 31 / 2018 03 : 00 pm / time : 05 / 31 / 2018 03 : 00 pm https : / / www . businesswire . com / news / home / 20180531005051 / .