today ( ap ) — the spotlight on president donald trump ( all times local ) : 6 : 30 a . m . president donald trump is launching his attacks on the " fake news media " amid the political controversy surrounding the firing of his national security advisor and member of staff and of alleged russian interference in the u . s . presidential election this year . trump posted a pre - recorded message on his personal twitter account , saying , " the fake news media are going crazy with their conspiracy theories and bad faith . " he added , " this new political common - cause is just an excuse to cover - up the many mistakes made by hillary clinton ' s presidential campaign . " he added in the message that " @ msnbc & @ cnn is unwatchable . @ foxandfriends is dead ! " the twitter message continues the series of social media messages that trump has sent , to media outlets both during his campaign for the white house and in the less than two months since his inauguration . _ _ 6 : 30 a . m . senate majority leader mitch mcconnell is comparing president donald trump to jesse jackson , saying that ' s what the american people did when they elected him . the former senator told msnbc ' s " morning joe " thathe " wants a different form of government . " mcconnell said that " i like what he ' s doing , " particularly his position on increased federal funding of abortion . mcconnell has said he considers neil gorsuch , the judge trump appointed to replace the retiring antonin scalia on the supreme court , to be " the second best supreme court judge in the country . " he would disagree with trump , who has said that use of electoral votes in the election caused him to lose the popular vote to democrat hillary clinton . " there was some fraud in the election , " mcconnell said . " but there is no evidence that there was not enough voter fraud to affect the outcome of the election . " _ _ 4 : 00 p . m . about two months into his presidency , donald trump was told his national security advisor had informed his vice president about talks with russia . trump kept his no . 1 in the office and waited for two months before releasing the spy , michael flynn , after a slow but steady loss of intelligence , white house officials said . flynn was questioned by the media about his phone conversation with russia ' s ambassador to the u . s . , to sign his ties to russia had attracted the attention of law enforcement agencies . later in the white house ' sregardless of flynn ' s stunning success , his downfall was not that he discussed u . s . secrets with the president during the meeting — a clear violation of the strictly enforced protocol — but the fact that he discussed them for himself , thereby misleading vice president mike flynn and other senior trump officials about the nature of the conversation . white house officials said they conducted a thorough audit of flynn ' s communications , including dozens of calls allegedly made by u . s . intelligence agents , and found them unreliable .