fifa ( ap ) — when thiago silva moved to russia more than a decade ago , it completely ended his career . this year , the brazilian forward will be back in the game playing in the world cup . the 29 - year - old brazilian joined dynamo moscow in 2005 and immediately had a problem that had to be worked out . it was thought to be tuberculosis , which kept him in the hospital for several months . the club even considered removing part of his leg . " that would have ended my career , i need an angel to bring me back , " he said this morning at the brazilian team ' s training camp in moscow . " i was a little injured in the match we played against russia this year . it was difficult for me to play again . i hope i can do that by winning the world cup trophy . " silva , who currently plays for paris saint - germain alongside his brother neymar , never played a match for russia but ended up as the captain of his national team at the last world cup . in brazil , however , silva would struggle to find a starting spot under manager tite . former psg player , marquinhos , and former milan defender miranda have played most of brazil ' s matches in the last few years . when silva made hisfollowing injury in 2005 , it was dynamo coach ivo wortmann who saved the brazilian from having surgery on his knee . " i brought thiago from brazil , brought him to club dynamo and arranged his transfer to dynamo , " wortmann , who is a brazilian , told the german media . silva ' s mother , angela , and his sister , isabelle , both said the surgery was necessary . " i told them no one would beat my son up and ruin his career , " isabelle said . " i am not a doctor , and no one thinks he should go through that . " to see him in the dynamo team is a joy for us all , especially those that remember him from those days . " silva agreed and signed again to play for wortmann , this time with brazilian club fluminense . " when thiago arrived i knew he would play , be one of the best , go to the world cup and win it , " wortmann said . " tite made the team go up , and we all know who the captain will be . and if brazil reaches the final and wins it , there is no one better than thiago to win it . his father is an inspiration to us all . " he was not going toall part of the game . " if i want to see the ring , it will be a great honor , " he said . " and if i don ' t i will have to go in the right direction . "