capitals ( ap ) — ryan stephenson , andre burakovsky and a . j . oshie ended their goal drought to help the washington capitals win against the philadelphia flyers 4 - 2 on the road . stephenson scored twice after going without a goal for three games , burakovsky scored on the power play after being up late for three , and oshie dropped his stick and pointed to the sky when stephenson scored on the power - play to end his three - game losing streak . devante ##ur - pelly scored washington ' s first goal on five shots to shut out goaltender michal neuvirth midway through the third period of a game the capitals won 2 - 0 in overtime . braden holtby stopped 15 of the 18 shots , including an iron ##man goal , against travis konecny and two more against flyers goaltender claude giroux . the capitals snapped what would have been their first 10 - game home winning streak since 2010 on the back of their nhl - record 10 - game road winning streak that began october 1 . no . 1 goaltender nolan richardson , konecny and jakub voracek scored for washington . alex smith made his nhl debut in place of neuvirth , stopping five shots in overtime for what could be his first careerarena in new jersey . the flyers got off to a fast start when stephenson made the most of his return to fourth - line duty , scoring on a 1 - on - 1 tie with chris simmonds with 1 : 18 remaining . holtby , konecny of the flyers , and the flyers defense combined to make it 2 - 1 at 2 : 30 as stephenson broke up sean kelly ' s long shot . as much as philadelphia dominated the first period , philadelphia took over in the second , starting with a goal by neuvirth when he passed the puck to him . he pulled it out to put the flyers on the board and went on a breakaway three minutes later to tie it at 2 . stephenson ' s three goals in under a minute helped as he scored twice in his first three games this season . with flyers defenseman ryan macdonald in the penalty box for goal , lars eller won a faceoff and a scoring chance , taking stephenson to account for burakovsky ' s first power - play goal of the season 14 : 15 into the game to give the flyers the lead . it was all downhill from there , as philadelphia fans filled the arena with " e - r - e - r - e - s " chants just before the goalfeb . 5 : smith - pelly replaced injured center jakub vrana , who had one assist in five games . smith - pelly ' s goal was his first since feb . 15 . . . . lyon had his first career multipoint game . . . . neuvirth and lyon were philadelphia ' s goaltending duo because brian elliott was on injured reserve with a lower - body injury . highlights : flyers : visit the new jersey devils on friday night . flyers : visit the pittsburgh penguins on saturday night . _ _ _ visit hockey writer mike whyno on twitter : https : / / twitter . com / swhyno _ _ _ for more nhl news : http : / / apnews . com / news / nhlhockey