lauderdale , fla . ( ap ) — marreese speights scored 22 points in his first game of the season , evan fournier scored 16 and the orlando magic pulled away from the los angeles lakers in the third quarter that ended for a 127 - 109 win . but for only the second time in five games , the magic made a franchise - record 31 shots in the 30 - minute third quarter , their highest - scoring game of the season . they shot 20 for 30 ( 55 % ) from beyond the arc in the game . with 19 points and 10 rebounds , elfrid payton was one of three players to score in double figures for the magic ( 19 - 31 ) . julius randle and jordan clarkson scored 21 points for the lakers , who all scored after the second quarter . when payton ' s three - point shot gave the magic a 70 - 65 lead 30 seconds into the game , lakers coach bill russell pulled all three of his players out of the game . but the lakers ( 19 - 31 ) never quite had the lead under control . mario hezonja hit a three - pointer , fournier then followed with another , and jonathon simmons scored two more points to help the magic win the game on a 33 - 10 run for a win- lakers media . they trailed by three points in the half . the lakers , who had shot 10 of 11 , were down by three when six straight points by clarkson brought them back into the game midway through the half . speights scored clarkson ' s last 11 points of the half , plus a steal of three - pointer , to leave the lakers with a 54 - 46 halftime lead . walk - off lakers : this was clarkson ' s third straight game of 20 or more points . . . . * * lonzo jones missed his third straight game with a strained left knee . . . . the lakers , the top three - point shooting team in the nba , shot 9 of 11 from long range . magic : * alex gordon missed his fourth straight game ( his third of the season ) with a strained right knee . . . . . the lakers shot 50 percent . the portland lakers : home : home on friday night , the first game of a three - game road trip . home : home on saturday night against portland . _ _ _ _ ap nba : http : / / apnews . com / ap / nbabasketball