plant city , fla . ( ap ) — a young man who doctors say is suffering from a rare form of cancer has been granted one of his last wishes , to be married to his high school sweetheart . the tampa bay times reported 18 - year - old dustin snyder and 17 - year - old jessica siverio were dropped off in plant city , north tampa . " with her being there with me through this ordeal , always supporting me and loving me , that ' s when i knew she was the one , " snyder said . " i wanted to give her something special . my time was up . " doctors say snyder has days , maybe a week to live . in that time , snyder proposed to siverio on facebook . the media and the community leaders came out to make sure the wedding took place , including everything from the photos to the wedding cake and the decorations . the family said they ' ve been overwhelmed by the amount of support from fans . snyder ' s sister , jessica snyder , posted her brother ' s picture on facebook and launched a gofundme campaign , which had raised over $ 100 , 000 by then . an official said they had reached their goal and that they would help the family with their issues . " i didn 'i knew it would go this far , because dustin is by our side , " says snyder . " dustin ' s so happy , and all we wanted was for him to be happy . and he ' s happy right now . " the two met in middle school , but soon lost contact before meeting in high school . snyder has had a ##ysis since of that time . on january 1 , 2016 , the day before his 21st birthday , snyder went to the hospital with chest pains , which his doctors said was brought on by stress . the doctors had diagnosed the boy with pulmonary tuberculosis , which affects lung tissue and is more common among teens and young adults than other age groups who have tuberculosis . " when i first found dustin i was scared , but then he told me i had to be there for him , " siverio says . " ever since he said that i ' ve been by his side . " _ _ _ _ from : tampa bay times ( st . petersburg , fla . ) , http : / / www . tampabay . com .