the company hna group on tuesday announced that wang jian , the company ' s ceo and co - founder , died during a business trip in the south of france . wang " reportedly died with serious injuries , and efforts to revive him were unsuccessful , " the company said in a statement . " however , we acknowledge the loss of an extremely successful businessman and role model , whose spirit and spirit will continue to be a beacon for all who have the good fortune to meet him . " see also : how corrupt are china ' s investment banks ? the company did not release details of how wang died . however , the france 2 reported on wednesday that a man matching wang ' s description had fallen more than 10 meters ( 33 ft ) to his death while attempting to take a picture from a wall . paris police chief hubert meriaux also said that " witness reports point to a fatal ##ity " in the incident : " wang stepped on the edge of a high cliff to allow his friend to take a picture of him and jian . " however , meriaux said that an investigation was still pending . pillar of the chinese economy wang co - founded the airline in 1993 as a small regional airline on the southern island of hainan . since then , it has grown into a fortune 500namely , acquiring china ' s third - largest hotels and acquiring a 25 - percent stake in hilton paris chain of hotels . last year , china set its sights on hna during a conference on venture capital , which has since fueled growth for chinese companies . the company has since sold off much of its business interests in insurance , banking and financial services to reduce its debt . imagine this : will china ' s rising debt level trigger a financial crisis ? hna also owns an 18 . 5 percent stake in deutsche bank . the company was # 1 on fortune 500 global list in 2017 with $ 1 . 5 billion ( €62 million ) in assets . n / a ( ap , reuters ) every morning at 1830 hours , dw ' s will give you a summary of the day ' s breaking news and special interest stories . you can sign up to read it directly online .