- ( ap ) — a woman who has alleged that trump supporters were part of a " terrorist plot " to assassinate hillary clinton and president donald trump has been added to the fbi ' s legal team . marina digenova , a former united states attorney for the district of columbia and a frequent political commentator , will join the team at a critical time as trump ' s lawyers discuss whether to make the president appear for an interview with federal prosecutor robert mueller and on what basis . he will work with attorneys maureen dowd and mark sekulow , who said in a statement earlier that he is confident that digenova will " be a valuable asset in our defense of the president . " mueller is investigating possible links between russia and the trump campaign and possible obstruction of justice by the fbi . digenova , who will testify later this week , declined to speak to the associated press on this . while the white house and its legal team have spoken publicly of their close relationship with mueller ' s investigation , that relationship became strained over the phone when dowd said that assistant attorney general rod rosenstein — who represents mueller and heads his team of attorneys — should " put an end " to the investigation . dowd said he was speaking for mueller himself , and his wordsalthough intended to reflect the views of the media , trump lashed out at the fbi in a series of angry statements , including one in which he mentioned mueller by name . if mueller continued her affair with the president , the addition of digenova could indicate a more aggressive approach , if current events are any indication . in a later interview with fox news , for example , trump said that pro - trump text messages exchanged by the fbi agents who were working on mueller ' s investigation indicated a " " desire to falsely arrest hillary clinton , and if she didn ' t win the election , to falsely charge donald trump with a legally committed crime . " everything that we have gathered from these conversations , and from all of the evidence available , indicates that the fbi and " ( justice department ) officials intend to violate the constitution and to deny donald trump his constitutional rights , " he said . the addition of digenova was also criticized by the new york times . _ _ _ associated press reporter adam smith responded to this report .