france ( ap ) — the paris museum for putting the paintings on public display in an attempt to find the rightful owners of those and other works of art looted by jews during world war ii . the paris museum opened two rooms that year to display the paintings , which were among thousands of works of art looted by nazi germany in france between 1940 and 1945 . more than 1 , 000 paintings have been handed over to their rightful owners since the war , and more than 10 , 000 are missing , including 296 paintings now at the museum . " these paintings don ' t belong to anyone . we have searched for them in the past , and our goal is to save them , " sebastien allard , the head of the antiquities department at the museum , told the associated press in an interview on twitter . " the vast majority of the looted artworks have been looted from other museums during world war ii . we will call these artists , say that these paintings belong to them , and then ask for their return . " the paintings in the two rooms are from various artists of different styles and periods , including a famous painting from theodore roosevelt , " le roi du lizon . " other less - looted works have previously been on display at the louvre , but we do not yet havethey had been looted by the nazis . in france , pieces of art recovered by the french authorities are marked with the initials " mnr , " the acronym for national art collection . " we wanted to draw attention back to the past and raise public awareness , " said allard . " we felt it was important to address the # ##s of these pieces , which are not listed on our website . " the recovery project is the main effort by french authorities to find evidence of people who lost their art . a working group set up by the culture ministry is in charge of tracing down the history of the art and its owners . but it ' s a difficult and expensive process : only about 100 pieces have been recovered since 1951 . " those who come here need , for example , to find the evidence that the art belonged to their family , " allard said . " they need to find their family papers and tax receipts , or witness statements . this could take years . " in addition to the recovery of artworks from various museums around the world , french authorities have also created the mnr catalog , which is available online and can help families recover their artworks without going to the museum . the online catalog is signed by the name of jean valland , a french artist who washer father would watch over all the documents the nazis destroyed during the war .