police ( ap ) — the netherlands ' security service looked into the computers used by a suspected russian hacker group and will be arrested on charges pointing to the activities of the u . s . russian national committee , a daily newspaper and television show , broadcast internationally . reports published by the dutch newspaper volkskrant and on the current affairs program nieuwsuur said people working for the russian national intelligence and security service found the computers used by the group , also called russian computers , in mid - 2014 and searched them for at least a week , eventually managing to catch the group on camera . dutch prime minister kajsa ollongren , interviewed by ap in the hague before the netherlands ' s next cabinet meeting , refused to confirm the allegations , saying instead that she was " very happy that we have good security services in the netherlands that do their job well . " russian vladimir putin ' s spokesman , dmitry peskov , said he had yet to receive any official response from the russian security service on the matter . " if the russian government wants to fuel anti - russian sentiment in the u . s . , it ' s an act that can ' t be accounted for , " he said . volkskrant and nieuwsuur said that the russian mediaused their information to help free cozy bear from u . s . state department surveillance in december 2014 . volkskrant said the dutch were very happy they gave the russians candy and money . peter colijn , a researcher at clingendael , the netherlands institute of international relations , said the leaks could create a global scenario in which small , tech - rich countries like the netherlands " could supplement their military budgets with cyber ##space ##rs . " the leaks attracted media attention in russia , where cozy bear has been identified as one of two russian government - backed hacker groups that broke in to the dnc ahead of the 2016 presidential election . the other group is also called fancy bear . investigating the fancy bear group would provide valuable information for investigators trying to solve the dnc scandal , but it would not solve the mystery of the events that followed . a 2016 ap report found that all but one of the two dozen or so people whose emails were hacked in the run - up to the 2016 election were hacked by fancy bear , which cybersecurity firm crowdstrike claims occurred independently from fancy bear . the group has been implicated in the u . s . presidential election . _ _ _ satter resigned from the. vladimir isachenkov in turn contributed to this report . _ _ _ _ : volkskrant report ( in dutch ) : https : / / www . volkskrant . nl / en / intelligence - to - gather - critical - intel - on - russia - government - interference - in - the - elections ~ a4561913 / niewsuur report ( in dutch ) : https : / / nl . nl / nieuwsuur / artikel / 2213762 - hackteam - aivd - gaf - de - cruciale - information - de - russische - inmenging - verkiezingen . "