taipei ( capital city ) – : oct . 8 at 10 : 30 a . m . , the taiwan tourism bureau along with representatives from china airlines , and taoyuan international airport welcomed the first of the new international visitors to taiwan this morning . the arrival of and the welcome home of her family took ms . tan jue - ming completely by surprise , arriving at 10 : 30 a . m . and standing in line for breakfast . she was travelling with her family from singapore , and was already looking forward to her first stay in taiwan . according to the welcome statement from the taiwan tourism bureau , the international traveler will be spending her time in taiwan at the ministry of tourism . not only will she finance her first stay in taiwan with expenses for her subsequent stays at the taipei hotel , the century plaza hotel in kaohsiung , and the parkview hotel in hualien , but china airlines will also take care of her welcome home as well . tan was travelling with other members of her family , and they were already planning a trip to new taipei and singapore , and planned trips to qingjing park in nantou as well as a trip to hualien to see the china coast . some of tan ' s family members said that they had come to taiwanabout 10 years ago on their mother decided to visit alishan and honey ##comb lake . they felt the decision to come to taiwan for this trip was just the right one . this is the second year in a row that taiwan has received over 1 million foreign visitors . the warm welcome for lin and her family is also a sign of the success taiwan has had in recent years in attracting foreign visitors and raising the profile of taiwanese tourism . for the past year , the tourism bureau has been working on a three ##fold strategy to enhance tourism in taiwan . the new strategy includes ; entering more diverse regions , working to promote international tourism , working with local governments to develop transformational technologies related to tourism , developing " green " tourism programs , and promoting international tourism . according to a press release , the head of taiwan ' s tourism bureau chen yong - hui ( [UNK] 永 [UNK] ) said that the bureau will continue to do everything it can to promote tourism in taiwan today , and to improve the quality of the experience . he also offered a warm welcome to tourists all over the world to visit taiwan , and enjoy the country ' s culture for themselves .