- ( ap ) — the eurozone economy , for so long a source of stability , has had its best year in a decade , but relief now has come out of a severe and ongoing financial crisis that raises concerns for the financial future of the euro ##zone . in its annual report for the third quarter , eurostat , the european union ' s statistical agency , reported , that the eurozone grew by 2 . 5 percent in the september - october period from the three months prior . that faster - than - expected rate of growth meant that for the year of 2017 , the eurozone economy grew by 2 . 5 percent , its best year since 2007 , when it grew 2 percent . the eurozone economy grew faster than the u . s . , which grew by 1 . 5 percent . in the years since 2007 , the eurozone economy had to deal with one crisis after another , starting with the financial crisis of 2008 that was the worst economic crisis since world war ii . that affected the financial state of the eurozone — the state of the public finances of a number of european countries . some countries — greece , italy , malta and the — had to be bail out by their partners in the eurozone and the international monetary fund , and in others they suffered frombudget cuts to get their public finances into shape , hit their economies hard . the british government , for example , shed about a third of its gdp , and its unemployment and inflation rates were rising . it ' s only recently that fears of a eurozone break - up have faded . greece , meanwhile , is starting to recover from a bailout crisis this year , two years after it had faced potential crisis . with fears of a break - up of the eurozone now gone , confidence around the globe has returned . that ' s reflected in the fact that greece isn ' t solely dependent on the big economies of britain and france . economic growth is being seen in those countries that were at the center of the crisis and that ' s helping to slow down recession , and accelerating the recovery even further . despite the rise of the major political parties in europe in 2017 , such as in germany and the uk , there are still concerns about the possibility of pro - euro politicians taking the lead . instead , the economy has been boosted by the european central bank ' s economic reform programme and a commitment to lower interest rates . " the real change is not in the economy in the eurozone . the world economy , in particular china , is on the rise ,and that ' s just the eurozone ' s growth . that combination of these factors is not expected to last until 2018 and inflation is expected to kick off at 2017 ' s end . other possible factors include the recent increase in the value of the euro , measured against the pound , which makes eurozone ##s more competitive in international markets , and the arrival of new economic stimulus from the ecb .