an unidentified suspect was charged with drunk driving and other charges for a hit - and - run in jasper provincial park on saturday . james michael smith , 35 , was arrested on highway 2 near disaster point after fleeing the scene of a murder at two cabins shortly after 3 p . m . according to the police it all began with complaints of an unidentified driver from the public and from hinton residents heading east toward the park . jasper police immediately responded and headed east . almost immediately they received a report of a two - car collision . it got worse . “ the unidentified suspect had stopped his vehicle and was yelling at police and attempting to shoot them , ” const . kevin vallee said in a press release . “ the suspect then got back into his vehicle and fled the accident site . ” he pulled up a short distance east of the park at a location known as disaster point and according to witnesses , was carrying what looked like a shotgun , also in his vehicle . some of the members of the public likewise took cover in their own vehicles . the jasper police department made a “ high - profile arrest ” and took the suspect into custody without incident . smith was taken to hospital to be treated for non - life threatening injuries he sustained during the2 . “ the police would like to thank the public for their support during and after this incident , ” vallee said . percy was found to be in possession of more than one firearm , and a variety of criminal law , firearms , explosives and national parks act violations including dangerous driving , dangerous operation , failing to stop , possession of a controlled substance and unsafe storage of a firearm . the full list of charges is pending . none of the charges have been proven in court ; percy is scheduled to appear in federal court on dec . 14 . – 3 counts of unsafe storage of a firearm 91 ( 2 ) criminal code – possession of a prohibited device 92 ( 2 ) criminal code – possession of a prohibited device in a motor vehicle 93 criminal code – dangerous operation of a motor vehicle 249 ( 1 ) ( a ) criminal code – failure to stop at the crime scene 252 criminal code – dangerous operation of a motor vehicle 253 ( 1 ) ( a ) criminal code – possession of a controlled substance 24 ( 1 ) canada drug and alcohol act – 3 counts of possession of a firearm in a national vehicle 24 ( 1 ) canada national parks act – 3 counts of possession of a firearm in a motor vehicle 24 ( 2 ) canada national parks .