texas ( ap ) — a man who served three years in prison for the 2001 murder of a teenager was freed on appeal after a judge agreed with prosecutors that he didn ' t commit the crime . dallas county district attorney david smith said quintin anthony alonzo , 18 , was freed after the judge agreed with a petition from students finding him guilty of the 2001 killing of daniel gauna , who was arrested when a fight broke out at a party celebrating his high school graduation and left to join the police . although alonzo was freed because prosecutors and the judge believe he ' s innocent , thanks only to the death of a young man the day after that man ' s death , alonzo would still need the texas court of criminal appeals to legally declare him to be eligible for monetary damages for being wrongly convicted . that ruling could take months . smith said an " ongoing investigation " followed the 2015 call that licho escamilla made to him from the district attorney ' s office ' s victim support unit shortly after escamilla was sentenced to death for the murder of an off - duty dallas police officer . " he is on trial the next day , " said david garza , who headed the unit . " we think he is doing this to get awith him and making things right for him . " escamilla was a suspect in guana ' s murder . only one witness identified alonzo as the suspect from a photograph taken , and johnson said the jury at his 2003 trial relied solely on that photograph to convict him . alonzo was sentenced to life in prison . escamilla , 22 , was involved in 2002 in the killing of officer james kevin james , who was among several other police officers providing off - duty security at a bar when a fight broke out and james was shot multiple times by escamilla . witnesses said that after escamilla was convicted in james ' murder , he confessed to killing gauna and that he later admitted this to his trial court . johnson said that rumors circulated after the officer ' s death that escamilla was involved , but she said alonzo ' s attorney raised this possibility at alonzo ' s trial and johnson didn ' t believe it .