los angeles ( ap ) — o . j . simpson is interested in his life since his release from prison and should use the money toward an unfair death judgment that already exceeds $ 100 million , according to a spokesman for the estate of fred goldman whose son was murdered in 1994 along with goldman ' s ex - wife . reporter david cook is asking a los angeles superior court judge not to order simpson to turn over the money he earned from third parties and autographing celebrity photos to pay the costs for the recent trial of ron howard and nicole brown simpson . simpson was convicted of two counts of murder in the 1994 trial , but a superior court judge found him guilty and ordered him to pay $ 70 . 5 million , which has more than doubled over the years . simpson ' s father , fred , has known simpson for years and has said the former nfl player has not been paid a portion of the legal costs . " mr . simpson has tried to avoid this unfair death penalty with his continued refusal to pay , much less the legal money , " cook said in court documents . simpson uses drugs . after his release from a federal prison in order to pay legal fees and with no interest in doing anything , one of his friends , malcolm .##vergne , wrote in court , leading to the president relinquishing his right to counsel . goldman and others , " attempted to drag mr . simpson into town every time they hear a story , see something on television , or read on an internet news site , a very public statement about mr . simpson ' s commercial exploitation of himself , " attorney ronald slates wrote in court filing on behalf of simpson . although most of the court fees have been paid , fred goldman has been able to seize some of the pro football hall of famer ' s assets , including video game rights and the rights to the book " if i did it , " a fictional account in which simpson describes how he would have treated his ex - wife and ron goldman . he was also able to seize money he said he was going to get back when he led five men , armed with guns , into a las vegas hilton hotel in august 2007 to arrest two alleged collectibles thieves . simpson , meanwhile , served two years in arizona state prison for armed robbery and assault with a weapon in an ill - judged attempt to steal jewelry .