coaches poll ( ap ) — auburn moves back into the top 25 after the conference championship . uconn continues to be no . 1 in the associated press women ' s basketball poll . the lady vols ( 10 - 1 ) knocked off then - no . 1 tennessee on friday and dropped four spots to fourth in the top 25 on saturday . auburn , which is a perennial dominant team in the polls , hasn ' t been among the top 25 teams in the polls since sept . 1 , 2015 . the tigers dropped four spots to fourth . both teams played against the huskies ( 10 - 4 ) , who beat depaul in their final game this past week . uconn received all three first place votes from the basketball writers association . the huskies , like many other teams , are losing for good this week . notre dame , michigan , ohio state and north carolina beat uconn . baylor , florida , iowa , oklahoma and west virginia missed out the top 25 . usc ( 10 - 1 ) entered the top 25 for the first time since 2015 , coming in at no . 15 . ucla missed out . other ap rankings : ap rankings : ucla and south florida ended up this week losing to florida state and oklahoma state . the bruins dropped four spots to fifth .17 . the wildcats fall two games to no . 16 . ucla took a two - point late lead with seton hall and fordham linking up and ending 12 - 12 play . scoring offense : no . 2 villanova got off to its best start since the 1979 - 80 season , winning its first seven games . the wildcats held off ucla down the stretch on tuesday , winning 62 - 56 to match the cardinal ' s record from four years ago . villanova has its best start since nov . 22 , 2004 when the team was ranked . she put it : " if that was the no . 1 team in the nation , where would we play now ? " senior guard mercedes allen asked after the win over stanford . " 75 - 70 . that ' s your answer right there . " big game : there are big games this week between two teams . no . 6 ucla visits top - ranked oregon state on wednesday . the top - ranked florida state panthers visits no . 1 usc on thursday . _ _ _ see the full text : http : / / collegebasketball . ap . org / ap - womens - basketball - tournament - week - 1 - 2 _ _ _ see doug carlson twitter : http : / / www . twitter . com / dougfeinberg