san antonio ( ap ) — lamarcus aldridge had 22 points and 11 rebounds , and the san antonio spurs took a 16 - point lead to the injury - plagued golden state warriors before pulling away for an 80 - 79 win on sunday night . the spurs defeated golden state for the fourth time in six games this season and won their third straight game to move into first place in the western conference , one - half game ahead of both sacramento and new mexico . even without returning all - stars stephen curry , kevin johnson and klay thompson , the warriors lost draymond green in the third due to a tear in the groin area . curry suffered a knee to the head while blocking a shot to the basket by danny green . the warriors weren ' t getting much help from a young team that had been without kawhi ##e for most of the season . golden state only managed to hold the spurs to 17 points in the third quarter , tying their season high for points in a quarter . two clutch plays helped the warriors to their first lead of the game . javale mcgee blocked dejounte williams ' s attempted shot and then scored on a breakaway to put golden state ahead 61 - 59 with 1 : 21 left in the game . quinn then entered the game witha rebound ##ing ##le mccaw shot from the spurs center managed to stop pau gasol near the rim . kevon james gave the spurs the lead at 63 - 62 on sunday with 17 seconds left in the game . aldridge scored 17 straight points late in the third quarter to help the spurs take a 63 - 62 lead . james finished with 28 points in the game , including 16 points that erased a 17 - point deficit and gave san antonio a 79 - 70 lead it would not surrender . curry led golden state with 16 points , bryant with 12 and andre iguodala and anthony thompson added 10 respectively . curry finished with 16 points and danny green with 10 . walk - on injuries : curry ( broken nose ) , bryant ( broken wrist ) and thompson ( fractured right thumb ) did not play with the team , remaining in phoenix to deal with their injuries . . . . injury was unable to be treated . . . . . the warriors ' highest point total in a quarter was 21 in the game . golden state scored 40 points in the fourth quarter against phoenix on sunday , the first time phoenix had scored 40 - points in a quarter this season . . . . golden state has won two games when trailing by one- 20 points . note : leonard is not on the bench , as he has been for most of the team ' s historic six - game homestand . leonard ( right biceps tendinopathy ) has played in only four games this season . . . . leonard has 37 rebounds to tie the nba record for rebounds in a single game by a point guard . he has 385 collected in 2 , 436 minutes , breaking mike smith ' s record of 378 collected in 2 , 689 minutes . games against boston : host warriors on friday night . washington : host capitals on saturday night . _ _ _ _ nba news : http : / / apnews . com / news / nbabasketball