trump went on the counter - attack as his campaign recovered from the sudden resignation of michael flynn as national security advisor on tuesday . the new york times reported early on , that phone call records and personal emails from members of trump ' s presidential campaign and other trump supporters had had contact with secret russian intelligence officials in the days before the nov . 2016 election . trump denied the allegations , denying them in a series of angry twitter posts on twitter . " this intelligence connection non - existent is just an attempt to cover - up the many mistakes made by hillary clinton ' s losing campaign , " the republican candidate said , quoting his former democratic opponent in the 2016 presidential contest . in the tweet , trump said : " information is being illegally given to the news @ nytimes & @ washingtonpost by the intelligence agencies ( cia and nsa ? ) . intelligence like russia , " and that the situation was " very serious . " " the real problem here is that this information is being given away to " intelligence " like russia . very un - american ! " trump said . trump did not provide evidence to support his claim that russian officials were giving information to the news media . he did not say if he had conducted any investigation into it . reuters could not immediately report thebush story , which the times denied on twitter . cnn also reported that trump officials were in regular contact with russian officials during the election . the times , citing current and former u . s . officials , said u . s . law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the communications around the same time they suspected trump was attempting to influence the 2016 election by hacking into the republican national committee . the times had seen no evidence of involvement between the trump administration and the russians in the hacking or other attempts to influence the election , the times said , but they were still troubled by the intercepted calls . flynn was pulled out of conversations he had with the russian ambassador before he took office on sept . 20 , and his misrepresentations to vice president christopher flynn confirmed what he had said . the times said the intercepted calls in the emails were derived from the wiretapped conversation between flynn and the russian , sergei kislyak . u . s . officials , including some prominent republicans , called on trump for a full investigation into not only flynn ' s communications but his white house ties to russia . trump had long said that he would seek diplomatic relations with russian president vladimir putin . flynn ' s conversations with the russian ambassador took place around the time that then - president barack obamaimposed economic sanctions on russia on sept . 16 , alleging that russia had used cyber attacks to try to influence the presidential election in trump ' s favor . a u . s . official familiar with the subject of the sanctions with the economist michael flynn said that if russia did not comply , that could point the way toward a broader deterioration of the u . s . - russia relationship after trump took office . this is also illegal under the law prohibiting certain private individuals from engaging in relations the united states has with foreign countries .