bitcoin - a computer - based " cryptocurrency " that has no central bank , relying instead on thousands of servers around the world that process transactions and add new bitcoins to the market - rose 1 . 5 percent to $ 1 , 022 on the us - based bitstamp exchange , the highest since january 2013 . although the chinese currency has historically been highly volatile - a rapid drop in its value in two weeks in january 2013 dropped it to below $ 1 , 000 , and a crash in the japan - based e . gox exchange saw it plunge to below $ 500 in the following weeks - it has in the past two years been relatively stable . its average price swings in 2016 were around 10 percent , still highly stable compared with fiat money , but much lower than the year of 2013 , which saw daily price swings of as much as 20 percent . bitcoin sales have been boosted in the past decade by increased trading in china on the back of a 10 percent annual increase in the value of the currency in 2016 , the chinese currency ' s best year in over two years . china : most bitcoin trading is done in china . bitcoin is used to transfer money over the internet quickly and easily anddoes not fall under the jurisdiction of monetary authorities , making it attractive to those seeking to get through capital controls , such as moody ' s . it is also may attractive to those concerned about the lack of availability of cash , such as in india , where prime minister narendra modi banned large - denomination $ ##notes from circulation in 2013 . " the growing reliance on cash , and capital controls , is making bitcoin look like a viable , if at risk , currency , " said andrew gordon , a board member of the international digital currency association and co - founder of quantave , a group working to make it easier for institutional investors to access digital currency data . although bitcoin is still trading way below the all - time high of $ 1 , 163 that was reached on the bitstamp scale in late 2013 , there are many more bitcoins in circulation - 12 . 5 billion added to the market every 30 days . its net worth is at a record - high of $ 1 billion , with the price being about the same as that of the average ftse 100 exchange .