the march marked the 50th anniversary of the arrival of the granma , which brought the castro brothers and their bearded leader from cuba to cuba to launch their revolution against the u . s . - backed government . soldiers with automatic weapons marched in single file to a meeting of the granma on land , followed by a crowd of torch - and flag - waving workers , who poured in and out of their workplaces and homes . " this is an important day of unity and hope , " said rene lazo , president , who , like castro , got up just before the break of dawn to join in the march . " this is going to be a great day and we will be working hard to move our revolution forward " . castro - led cuba fell into an economic depression in the first half of the year , the worst since the collapse of the soviet union a half century ago , as its former ally cuba had . meanwhile , diplomatic relations with the united states came under strain with the election of donald trump as president . trump , who took office on sept . 1 , 2017 said he would suspend efforts to improve relations unless cuba signed a “ " deal " . " this is taking place while cuba is still coming to terms with the end of its communistand , fidel castro . although " el comandante " had handed the presidency over to his younger brother raul in 2008 , castro remained a popular figure . many of those marching carried iconic pictures of him and signs reading " we are fidel " . although the parade normally takes place every two years on nov . 1 , it was delayed a week due to his death in january 2016 . " he may not be dead , but he is in all our hearts , " said natalia gonzales , who had written " i am fidel " on the backs of her two children . raul castro and his family stood and waved to those marching from the steps of the national monument to national hero jose socrates in the center of the city . the mood on stage was of calm although many people said they hoped there would not be a repeat of cold war - era violence . " we are prepared for war with the west , we always have been , " said 21 - year - old marcial garcia . " but we hope it does not reverse the trend . . . towards peace . " castro ' s move to peaceful and yet ongoing change could not come at a better time for cuba . a population boom in cuba driven by us visa restrictions on cuba , a thirdto the abundant food supply from cuba and the support for cuban exiles and young people working abroad . " everything is still and quiet at the moment , and there ' s no news , " said antonio sosa , 50 , an activist who chose not to attend the funeral . " you don ' t see them on the tv channels anymore , the ones fidel made two years ago . "