the u . s . fish and wildlife service , a division of the treasury department , in september proposed listing the species under federal protection . the notice announcing the listing of the vanishing bee , then widely distributed in the upper midwest and northeastern united states , was published in the federal register on sept . 12 and scheduled to take effect on friday . the natural resources defense council said the listing had been delayed until january 15 as part of a policy freeze imposed by obama ' s white house on regulations issued by the obama administration aimed at protecting human health and the environment . the group claimed in a lawsuit filed in the u . s . district court for the southern district of new york that u . s . forest service had violated the rule by abruptly suspending the honey bee listing without prior notice or explanation . they said the rule technically became effective when it was published in the federal register . the group sought to have a court find that the u . s . fish and wildlife service acted illegally and to force the agency to reverse the rule on the vanishing bee ' s listing . " the evidence is clear — this species is heading toward extinction , and now . there is no compelling reason to seek federal protection , " natural resources defense council general counsel david smith said in a1 . the u . s . fish and wildlife service could not immediately be contacted for help . these bees eat all and nearly a third of u . s . crops , from corn to wheat , according to the xerces center for plant science . the bee ' s population and range has declined by more than 50 % since the late 1990s due to agriculture , logging , climate change and habitat loss , according to conservation international . the bee is one of nine species of endangered species ##bee in the united states and canada , more than a third of which carry the risk of extinction , according to the international union for the conservation of nature . in 2014 , two populations of white - faced bee in florida became the first native species to be added to the u . s . list of endangered species because of declines due to habitat loss , agriculture and the introduction of invasive plants and animals .