she had died . someone had taken her to the clinic in the middle of the night on sept . 11 , she said , and when the clinic was closed , whoever took her started the fire and died . they didn ' t call 911 . this morning , the grand forks police department sent out a statement that those buying and distributing drugs who were arrested at the time of the overdose will only be released if they cooperate and cooperate with first aid . in north dakota and minnesota , good health laws are on the books that grant immunity to those who call 911 for assistance if the person remains on site until first to arrive and cooperate with emergency services and law enforcement . the person may be in need of emergency medical care . up to five years can be granted immunity . the law also applies to people suffering from food poisoning . " we need people to be focused on saving their life , " said lt . jeremy moe with the human services unit . in 2016 , grand forks police responded to five calls for assistance . none of them were fatal . state rep . john anderson jr . , r - devils lake , was a supporter of the good health law that passed in north dakota in 2015 . the executive director of the north dakota board of commissioners , johnand he wanted to change the law to give people a better chance to live . drugs provided by doctors can be key to medical success . " it ' s hard to figure out what they are or what the drug is , but by the time you have a chance to find out what it is , it ' s too late , " anderson said . during the process of passing the law , he heard stories from a man whose wife had found him in a hospital , where he ' d died , he said . but too many people know about the incident , anderson said . he also said law enforcement had been involved in making charges against him , destroying the evidence . " they ' re using the good samaritan law as an excuse to arrest me because , obviously , if i gave you drugs , then i ' m incapable of getting them for you . it ' s like a bribe , if i give them to you first , " anderson said . " and we need a little better coordination with police . if you ' re going to ruin someone ' s life for crying out loud , back off a little more . take the bus the next day . " anderson said people lie to one another , and if law enforcement is too slow , it can stop people from doingfor free . grand rapids police said they were not aware of any other case in minnesota where immunity had been granted based on the good neighbor law . breaking news : link to this article .