the smhs used the space over the course of the decade to move into a brand - new building just a few blocks away . since then , the administrative and faculty offices of the und college of arts and sciences have been moving their operations into the building . the plan to restore the old smhs would also clear the way for the construction of new functions on the ground , first and second floors of the old smhs . most of the functions that would take place " are housed in buildings waiting to be taken offline by the university . " according to the sbhe , the renovation would be funded by $ 1 . 5 million in additional federal funds and $ 1 million in state funds . the sbhe summary of the university ' s request to und said there is a " high likelihood " that additional classrooms will be added while the renovations are taking place . the summary said the university would not seek use of the classroom space until the completion of the university ' s master plan , along with the development of a strategic plan which addresses future needs for it . the request from und was rejected twice by the board ' s budget and finance committee . south dakota state board finance director billie jo lorius said the board had asked und for additional funding . lorius said the board took no further actionapproved the proposal , passing it on to be approved by the board at the next annual meeting . breaking ground • und ' s pride of the west marching band has reached its fundraising goal of $ 1 , 000 , 000 in 2016 . the funds were raised from 232 alumni , friends and loved ones and will be used to purchase new uniforms for the fall of 2017 . • the university of wisconsin - crookston will honor the athlete and director of intercollegiate sports , jeff stenger , at 1 : 00 p . m . sunday in the peterson room of alumni hall . a question and answer session and presentation will follow the event . • the und trombone department will host a memorial trombone recital for sean sprague at 1 p . m . sunday in the hughes fine arts center . the event is free , and donations are invited . • the und guitar department will host a recital for the und guitar ensemble at 1 p . m . sunday in the hughes fine arts center . the event is free and open to the public .