the simple bottom line : the event is very , very important . why is kennedy himself among north dakota ' s highest ranking public officials ? answer : because kennedy ' s event is vital . it ' s an investment by north dakota in kennedy ' s talents and leadership , one that he was able to use to raise tens or even hundreds of millions of dollars for the university . fundraising is a necessary part of a successful university president ' s career . it is building the institutional structure in a way that results in stability and growth . if kennedy succeeded in those areas , then north dakota ' s efforts will have more than paid off . and if the event itself helped kennedy financially , then the university would have invested its money wisely then , too . unfortunately , they lost their cause when they described the president as a " bum . " one look at the job description sets the record straight . the list includes more than twenty duties , of which " serve the president during dinner " is only one . these duties include " plan , plan and manage all the entertaining events attended by the president and first lady , " " make all travel arrangements , " " prepare invitations and oversee rsvp set - up , " " on - site management of the event , " " manage finances , " " oversee the" and hundreds of others . " a staff writer for washington ' s post said , " to emphasize the sheer multi - task that the executive director can delegate to any one of the most important positions . the job description is a testament to her ( the vice president ' s ) considerable time and influence at und . " that said , kennedy should know that with every und student and employee concerned about where the budget will fall , his own budget decisions will be the best . students are hurting , and the key to getting " back up " from them will be knowing that the university is doing — , just sharing — their problems . that ' s where kennedy should focus his attention , because that ' s where this has changed a lot . it ' s the news — about the nature of this new hire , and what it appears to be , president kennedy ' s reaction to und ' s budget cuts . und economics professor , david weinstein was vocal about that news . " they ' re cutting the medical school , they ' re cutting the radio , and they ' re cutting television , and the university is hiring a new manager , " weinstein told the staff writer , hazzard . a few months ago , altru ##istic " had the worst problems . "' tis how the headline of the next day ' s paper read : " altru broke its promise ; kennedy campaign gets pay ##back until end of 2013 . " altru ' s articles and comments , too ; but those comments were a lot more typical of altru ' s approach . that ' s because the media and the public were interested in the issue , not just pointing it out . there ' s a hole in that belt for us and und . - - - dennis for the national