the cavaliers withstood a dominating performance by timberwolves forward chris wiggins , who scored 21 points to lead the way for cleveland . it was wiggins ' second - highest point total of the season . wiggins had help from karl - anthony james , who scored 17 points and grabbed 10 rebounds . gorgui dieng scored 17 points , but no other timberwolves player hit double figures in overtime . a set - up 3 - pointer by james and a fast break shot by former timberwolves player ricky williams cut cleveland ' s lead to 114 - 106 with 1 : 11 to play . that score sealed the win for the cavaliers , who went on to finish with their first win of the season . it ' s cleveland ' s first win over cleveland in a four - year span . the cavaliers beat the timberwolves 102 - 99 on feb . 22 . cleveland took their first lead of 100 points midway through the third quarter when james hit a late 3 - pointer . wiggins single - handedly drove the timberwolves ahead . wiggins scored 17 points in the fourth quarter , including a late 3 - pointer and a game - beating jumper to tie it at 30 seconds into the fourth . wiggins scored 10 points in 10 minutes on 3 - of- james , but went down in the final seconds . cleveland ' s defense struggled to make up for the absence of center kevin love , who also had underwent surgery on his left knee that would keep him for two weeks . love was averaging 16 . 9 points and 10 . 1 rebounds per game . in love ' s absence , three other players reached the 20 - point plateau . love and james played their first games on wednesday , while channing tatum poured in 20 points — a missed 3 - pointer . jamal lewis had 20 points and 10 rebounds . james struggles to make the 3 - pointer this week , but cleveland entered wednesday ' s game as one of the top 3 - point shooting teams in the league . although the cavaliers shot only 40 . 5 percent from long range , they made 13 3 - pointer . note : timberwolves forward zach lavine had undergone surgery earlier to repair his torn acl in his left knee . lavine suffered the injury feb . 22 in wednesday ' s game against detroit . lavine was averaging a career - high 16 . 9 points . . . . minnesota returned home against detroit after the two - day break for the nba all - star game . the timberwolves returned to action feb . 23 against detroit . . .. detroit joins chicago on offense as the teams start the all - star break . the cavs ' first game after the break is feb . 1 against the knicks .