lourd broke her silence on the subject on friday , nov . 18 , with an exclusive photo of herself , fisher , and reynolds on instagram . with it , she said , " ... all of your warm and loving support over the past week has given me strength during a time i thought it could never exist . there are no words to express how much i will miss my abadaba and my one and only momby . your love and support means the world to me . " fisher ' s death was announced on friday , by members of the show ' s website , stating : " it was with a very deep sadness that billie lourd announced that her beloved daughter carrie fisher passed away at 10 : 30 this morning . she was loved by the family and she will be remembered forever . " a statement released by billie lourd ( @ praisethelourd ) on january 2 , 2017 at 8 : 09am . other than that statement , lourd remained silent on social media and has not commented on the recent deaths of her son , fisher , and sister , carrie , up until now . fisher died friday , after suffering from what she described as a " heart attack on friday night in transit to los angeles from atlanta , where she was filming the show " . "in which she had a recurring role . she was flying from the airport to the ucla medical center that evening when the plane crashed . about a week later , fisher , 63 , was admitted to cedar - sinai in l . a . for a terminal illness . she died two days after she was admitted to the hospital . her husband , burt reynolds , told reporters , " she wanted to be with carrie . " lourd — fisher is the daughter of actress and caa director suzanne lourd , who worked with the " star trek " series from 1991 to 1994 — starred in fisher ' s " scream queens . " in the series , her character wore pearl earrings , which she told herself was a tribute to her mother ' s favorite princess leia ii . in the recent years since fisher ' s death , lourd ' s " scream queens " co - stars have expressed their solidarity with her through media appearances , including those from lea michele , jamie lee curtis , jamie grande , taylor lautner and john stamos . lourd , her mother and reynolds were last seen together at a special ceremony in 2015 at the saturn awards where she was presented with the lifetime achievement award .