what a video presentation , presentation , and presentation ? what are the best ? : htc has released its flagship vr model , the vive pro , and has also set up preorders for the $ 799 model . the htc vive pro has 50 % improvements in resolution over the previous vive models and is also capable of wireless charging using wigig wireless . htc ' s current flagship vr model , the vive pro , is also available for preorder for $ 799 . included with the new vr model is a six - month subscription to viveport , a vr movie rental service where users can choose from movies from the company ' s library to watch at any given time . when the subscription starts the viveport subscription will cost $ 5 . 99 per month , but ending the subscription prior to the release will result in the initial price of $ 6 . 99 per month , which will increase to $ 8 . 99 after that time . beginning with the release of the vive pro , htc is cutting the price of the currently available vive pro to $ 499 , a reduction of $ 10 . currently the currently available vive requires a six - month subscription to viveport and a free subscriptionof source : vr . the vive pro ' s capabilities the vive pro will begin shipping on april 1 , 2018 , and is a complete upgrade from the previous vive model , delivered without requiring much in the way of connection to the computer that powered the device ( vive devices aren ' t standalone ) . the vive pro has dual led displays with a resolution of 2880x1600 , a 50 % increase in resolution over the previous generation vive . it has a 100 % frame rate and a 360 degree field of view and can be used with the latest generation of computers and base stations . source : vr technology and applications ( playstation inc . ) the vive pro vr system is fully wigig enabled , meaning that users don ' t need to connect directly to a computer or base station , but they ' re able to pay for a free internet connection , which hasn ' t been announced or given a release date yet . htc vive pro marketing director mike o ' brien stated that the vive pro was designed to provide " the best possible audio and visual experience to the most dedicated vr enthusiasts , " as well as being a successful product to boost sales of vr games and applications . those interested in being a part of the##tc ' s vision for the future of vr . learn more about developing apps for the htc vive platform through the vive developer ' s forum . unlike other vr software platforms , vive makes use of unity and the unity engine and a unity sdk for building apps . learn more about the latest vr technology by connecting to our next big vr portal . see below .