whether it ' s the anonymous " campaign for standing rock " with their estimated $ 1 . 5 million , or the name on the list of standing rock - related names on the website , the estimates for the money raised by these pages have been estimated to be over $ 10 million . just as a point of contention , the state of north dakota alone has spent more than $ 10 million on the projects these pages are used to fund . all of this raises the question of whether gofundme bears all of the responsibility for providing the means to pay for the crimes in — . that includes the violent attacks against our north dakota law enforcement personnel , using everything from spiked bottles and other improvised explosive devices to machine guns . do the site ' s users know that they are actively encouraging violent criminals to come into our community and threaten the lives and property of both the people of the site and those of the standing rock community itself ? when you take a closer look at gofundme , it is clear that the answer is no . gofundme is a charity . and their business is not for " criminals " like these people . in 2015 , forbes magazine published an article about how gofundme makes " money out of donations . "as the company states on its " open questions " page , gofundme receives a 5 percent commission from every comment posted on the site , along with an additional 5 percent royalty fee . " the company has made over $ 880 , 000 out of these dapl ##s without having to do a thing while maintaining the website . a good start for just shy of six months . since the company has no particular party affiliation , all you have to do is look at members of the company ' s editorial staff to get an idea of where they are on the political spectrum . the company ' s president and ceo , david smith , made the maximum amount of contributions allowed by law to hillary clinton ' s presidential campaign . president and chief executive officer david smith is a former aide for ultra - conservative pennsylvania governor diane feinstein . and gofundme ' s vice president for communications and marketing is none other than dan pfeiffer , former senior advisor , white house communications director and long - time friend of barack obama . unfortunately , there are no current democratic political party members listed as working for gofundme . " the problem is , with the illegal and illegal activities these gofundme members are describing , the company really doesn ' t exist . they are justdue to the 500 to 600 people who have been arrested during these events , and the constant threat of threats against police officers , community members and their families . they ' re making a huge profit by promoting the very causes they truly believe in , while also trying to protect the ##vale . it ' s a win - win for them , even if it ' s a win - lose for north dakota and its people . hennen is the host of what ' s on your mind radio show , heard in north dakota on am 1100 theflag and am 550 kfyr .