rep . mike wanzek , d - sd , attempted to introduce an amendment to the north dakota department of transportation budget , allowing the department to keep all of the department ' s shops in operation through mid - 2019 . the amendment would " allow for " independent review of the shops ' " impact " and the delivery of goods in the areas affected , " as well as the possibility of consultation with local government officials . the amendment was passed and the bill passed the senate budget committee that november . wanzek said he intended to continue to introduce the budget on the senate floor . wanzek said he wasn ' t concerned about micromanaging the budget , saying " the support that i ' ve received from people of my district that have these shops in their district , it is overwhelming . " " i just feel that this is something , that for all the people of my district , that we need to move forward , " he said . the 2011 state budget included a $ 295 . 5 million increase in operating costs from the $ 295 . 3 million increase in the 2010 budget , a 10 percent increase . it also increased the full - time employee ##s in the department by 1 . 5 , from 1 , 080 . 5 to 1 , 049 . jamie olson , a board member##swoman , said the proposed consolidation of the district " shops " into other counties would save about $ 1 . 5 billion in the next two - year fiscal year . she said the shops are bigger and today ' s traffic will cover the roads . " they ' re going to be bigger than they were before , " olson said . " those same roads that some of these shops are on , there ' s still going to be traffic . they ' re still going to be coming out of the next town over . " the shops slated for closure were in starkweather , finley , fessenden , gackle , litchville , new london , courtenay and mayville , olson said . there was a few shops across the county , olson said , along with with the shops in the eight other district shops . rep . mike olson , d - casselton , said the department was going to " look at their needs first , before everyone else does . " olson said the county saw a 30 percent decrease in 2015 in state fuel tax revenue , a major source of revenue for counties , because of a slowing economy and declining property tax revenues . " we ask them to point out problems , and then we tell them we don ' t see them , " olsonbush , voting against wanzek ' s nomination . under rep . tom grabinger , d - pa , there had been a " grassroots movement " with activists trying to reach farm and county voters . " they ' re going out to every town and everything , collecting these signatures , " he said . " this is important to these people . "