the letter , dated 2016 and addressed to a white house ethics official , asked president donald trump ' s administration to investigate the incident and gave it two days to report its findings and explain the disciplinary action taken . conway , trump ' s former campaign manager and now a senior advisor , said on fox news that week that people should " not buy ivanka ' s shoes . " she said that retailer nordstrom announced it was selling the clothing line of ivanka trump , the president ' s younger sister . federal ethics laws prohibit executive branch agencies from allowing their employees to sell shoes . " there is no reason to believe that ms . conway has violated the code of ethics and that disciplinary action is necessary , " office of presidential ethics counsel michael shaub said in the letter . stefan passantino , the white house ethics official named in the letter , declined to respond . a white house official does not respond to a request for review . the ethics commission has no disciplinary authority . it cannot legally take disciplinary action if the white house does not comply , shaub said in a separate letter to the u . s . attorney who requested a review of conway ' s conduct . a report from feb . 15 that day would not be released , and the investigation would continue until after feb .moving on , shaub said . if the ethics board did not take action , it would be up to the white house to file criminal charges against conway . david eisen , who was ethics commissioner under president barack obama , said he still could call in or call ##es if the white house did not act . conway himself had criticized nordstrom for advertising his mcdonald ' s product . the fda ruled that ban advertising did not apply to the product , and he said his comments were offensive . nordstrom said he made the comments because sales had sharply declined , especially in the first half of 2016 , to where even the advertising " didn ' t make any business sense . " in his letter to the white house , shaub said that his agency ' s ethics policy included an ethics rule in which a potential trump candidate mentions a product in a campaign advertisement . he said conway ' s campaign closely followed that rule of what not to say . white house spokesman sean kelly said on twitter that conway had been " warned , " but shaub said that the office of government ethics had not been informed of any corrective action .