west fargo ' s courtney walsh and talexi gasal had two assists each in the game , and knightrider put quinn kuntz and ryan mattson out with 25 and 25 points , respectively . " we were outworked most of the game , " said knightrider coach alex hedlund . " we just had to find a way to put our effort in and get more points . " grand forks will win the state championship against west fargo this year . sacred heart 60 , hatton - northwood 59 northwood , n . y . — the sacred heart boys basketball team closed out a game against hatton - northwood on tuesday night . after being down 2 - 0 at halftime , the team fell behind ryan tomkinson , who had 16 points and 11 rebounds . ryan gerber also had a strong game for sacred heart , recording a double double with 16 points . " i ' m proud of how they play , " said sacred heart coach destry sterkel . park rapids 60 , egf senior high 58 park rapids , minn . — the park rapids boys basketball team defeated east grand forks senior high in a dramatic road game tuesday night . park rapids point guard ryan smith scored 22 points , and east ##lake ' s ryan vo##tava , ryan dugan and ryan benson each scored 20 points at the end of tuesday ' s game . " they came in with a lot of energy and gave it to us , " said senior high coach mike perkerwicz . in the game , only ##hurst made a free throw to get ahead of the green wave . senior high also played fosston in a hockey match tuesday night . thief river falls 8 , egf senior high , thief river falls , minn . — ryan myers scored two goals , including the game - winner , in the first period , to lead thief river falls to a road advantage victory over east grand forks senior high on wednesday . myers scored the goal at 1 : 30 of the game . east grand forks outshot thief river falls 3 - 0 . ryan corneliuson made two saves on goal for the eagles . coby stauss led the green wave with a goal and an assist . sacred heart 3 , grafton 8 helped by a strong first half , the sacred heart eagles hockey team played grafton 8 wednesday night in east grand forks . " we were up too high in the first , but they came back in the second with good numbers , " said sacred heart coach joann remer . anya edwards led the eagles with25 points to 21 . following today ' s game , sacred heart ' s record now stands at 5 - 3 . sacred heart will be on the road again to face windsor - st .