every day in this country kids go to school without a way to pay for lunch . so , it ' s up to the parents to decide what happens next . since the news coverage of new mexico - so - called $ ##es - headlines - we ' ve heard a lot about how schools operate . some give them an extra lunch , like a fried chicken sandwich . some schools too , offer free lunch , but instead they do chores , have their id stamped or wear a sign saying they ' re not receiving lunch . and , some schools will deny them lunch every day . with plans to eliminate free lunch all over the world , the who , which runs the national school lunch program , will also require that all school districts have a policy on what to do when children don ' t pay - a real problem . by january 1 , those policies will be in place and available to teachers , parents and the public . " we ' re gonna treat these kids well , and let the grownups sort out the mess , " says jennifer ramo , who ' s with the anti - hunger organization , " mexico appleseed . " two years ago she said she was hearing stories of children eating a box of cereal only to have it tossed out by a social worker when they said thatdidn ' t have the ability to pay . following the results , ramo worked with new york state sen . joe padilla to introduce the federal bill banning schools from accepting students without the ability to pay for tuition . " a lot of people are really upset with this bill and they ' re reaching out – to their respective state senators and congressional representatives and telling them to get over it already , " said sen . padilla . since the bill became law earlier this year , he and representatives from around the country have reached out to see how they can address the same issues where they can . washington and california are also working on similar legislation . pennsylvania : state rep . dave hertzberg introduced the 2010 poverty relief and drug abuse bill . " when i introduced the bill , the three republican representatives on the committee joined as co - sponsors . how cool is that ? it just shows you this is not a political issue . it ' s a real human rights issue everybody has , " he said . the pa accountability foundation reported that 50 percent of districts implemented an electronic school lunch program by the end of the 2010 school year . part of the problem is that students who qualify for free or reduced price lunch under the federal school lunch program , aren ' t signing up . the schools in pennsylvaniaeveryone has to deal with that pressure . jennifer ramo says her own government is leading the way . and the timing couldn ' t be better . she says she ' s worried that because communities must first put their own laws in place , they will face even more pressure . " i ' m sure communities will put pressure on their own citizens to say , ' we want our rights protected , ' " she says .