the obama administration has begun the process of bringing back tough ##er standards for america ' s car and light truck industry . the environmental protection agency and the commerce agency have extended the public comment period for the rewriting of standards for greenhouse gas emissions for cars and light trucks for the years 2022 - 2025 . " we are moving forward with an updated and comprehensive set of emissions standards , consistent with the timeframe outlined in our report , " epa director scott pruitt said publicly . the two - day period allows for the public to comment on issues and make recommendations . the car fuel economy standards were first put into effect during the 1973 oil crisis in the 1970s . during the obama administration , the emissions standards were revised in the wake of the financial crisis and the oil industry bankruptcies . the new standards allowed for an increased reliance on smaller vehicles . rising fuel prices and low sales of flex ##ity vehicles have made enforcing those standards difficult , especially for those more heavily dependent on larger vehicles . earlier this month , the epa announced it would announce its decision early in the obama administration to make the changes permanent . the automobile industry has made the decision to change the cafe standards . with the announcement , mitch bainwol , president and ceo of the # ##makers, a group of car manufacturers , said , " the epa is fulfilling its obligation to return the annual evaluation of future vehicle fuel efficiency and greenhouse gas emissions . " consumer and consumer advocacy groups criticized the decision . " by returning the annual evaluation , epa is pushing back questions that have already been asked and answered , " said consumers united , the advocacy group of consumer reports . jennifer baker - branstetter with consumer ' s digest says her organization ' s surveys show americans want to spend more on cars . according to a recent survey , 70 % of americans buy cars to improve their efficiency . baker - branstetter further says " in fact , they are more concerned about the fuel efficiency of the cars and what they ' ve been moving toward in recent years . " " what kind of changes may or may not be made is far from clear " , said stephanie brinley , a policy analyst , ihs markit . the agencies are looking to improve the data used to make the changes , by taking into account consumer concerns , she says . the public comment process allows the car manufacturers and others to vote to repeal or make changes . " reports from the government agencies and public interest in fossil fuel vehicles are expected to increaseto be sure , " brinley says . even if the u . s . gives up , she says , the trend toward higher taxes will still continue in other countries . earlier this year , several countries announced they would ban the sale of electric vehicles worldwide for free . some experts believe that scaling down emissions standards could in the near - future for electric vehicles .