the opioid crisis is recognized today as a “ level emergency ” by the president . will this open the door for more information , more information ? last week , the president said we ’ be facing a national epidemic of opioid abuse . what does that mean ? the scares are yet to come , but the public is terrified . 100 , 000 drug - related deaths estimated for the next year . that ’ means facing 9 / 11 in two years , says chris smith , chairman of the president ’ presidential commission on opioid abuse . so , if there ’ be an emergency medical response , where would that be ? on campus ? on drugs ? in the hospital ? this week on earth : the post “ : news ” ##29 opioids . — at ashbrook . lenny cohen , health and safety reporter for the washington post . ( @ lennymbernstein ) bertha bernstein , director of president trump ’ . five - member panel on prescription drug abuse and the opioid crisis . psychobiologist at mclean hospital , and associate professor at harvard medical school . susan jones - kelley , executive director of the addiction , addiction , and mental health center for baltimore county , md . from the ’ ##s . the washington post : cnn : opioid abuse is a nationalhowever , demanding more money and more — “ president obama on twitter declared the country ’ the opioid epidemic a national emergency , saying the damage surpassed anything he had seen with illegal drugs during his administration . the call from the president came in response to a question when he spoke to reporters during a national security briefing at his country club in bedminster , n . j . , where he was on a weekend vacation . ” drug crisis : the us faces ‘ " massive ’ of lawsuits over opioid abuse — “ ) that manufacture and sell opioid drugs are facing a “ wave " ” of litigation as government officials try to raise money to combat the country ’ s # ##s and punish those they suspect of causing the epidemic . the number of government agencies taking legal action against drugmakers and manufacturers has doubled in the past year in what some analysts see as a harbinger of a wave that could exceed the more than $ 200bn lost from the drug industry since 1998 . ” npr : what could happen if congress suddenly declared opioids a national emergency — “ the president could ask health director price to declare an emergency under the public health service act . director price , who doesn ’ t have a national emergency plan ( although during the week’ the zika virus epidemic , who have requested that one be established ) , " resources could be freed elsewhere . right now , public health workers and volunteers are working on prevention guided by directions from price . if price were to declare an epidemic , those workers could be moved elsewhere , from working on community outreach for children , to working on substance abuse prevention . ”