friday , 4 : 30 p . m . et a judge refused to grant bail for an ohio resident during his first court appearance after allegedly driving his car into a crowd of people demonstrating against a white nationalist rally held in charlottesville , virginia . charlottesville resident john heyer was killed , and at least four other people were seriously injured in the incident . the charlottesville police department reported , that officer alex fields jr . , 26 , of maumee , ohio , was charged with one count of first - degree murder , two counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit - and run . during fields ' first charlottesville court appearance , as npr ' s debbie elliott reported , he " emerged by himself from jail , dressed in a black and white - striped police uniform . " he answered the judge ' s questions with a simple " yes , sir " and " no , sir , " according to the associated press . he told judge michael brown that he could not afford a lawyer . " he appointed a court - appointed lawyer to represent him , and scheduled a hearing for sept . 1 , " debbie reported . " until then , the judge said , he would remain in custody with no representation in ohio because he had no access to the court . "the ap reported that the suspect told the police that the " public defender ' office told him they could not arrest him because a friend of his in the family was involved in brown ' s shooting . " fields was taken into custody the monday after the shooting . theories began circulating about fields ' background and his interest in nazi ideology . one of the suspect ' s high school teachers in cincinnati told reporters of wvxu that fields " was nice and didn ' t cause trouble , " but was " very much into adolf hitler and white supremacy . " derek weimer , who had been in his class at randall e . brown high school in louisville , ky . , told wvxu , " he went to a good school . lived in a good neighborhood . there were lots of people there to try to point him in the right direction . my gut feeling was we failed . he failed . " fields ' mother , samantha bloom , told the toledo blade that she was told her son was going to what she called an " alt - right " rally . " i want him to be there , " she said , speaking to the media . " [ and ] if they ' re going to try to make sure he ' s doing it right . "