merck ceo kenneth frazier announced to president trump ' s national security council , saying , " we feel a need to take a stand against hatred and violence . " the announcement came after frazier was criticized for his response to the protests at white house plaza in charlottesville , va . , over the shooting . the ceo , known for his ability to be calm and honest , was criticized for using force " on multiple levels . " within an hour of merck announcing frazier ' s resignation , trump wrote on twitter , " now that kenneth frazier of merck pharmaceuticals has resigned . . . we will have more time to negotiate ripoff stock prices ! " in a statement announcing his resignation , frazier said , " america ' s leaders will honor our core values by publicly condemning acts of racism , racism and white supremacy , which run counter to the american belief that all people are created equal . " frazier , who is african - american , said he was resigning as both the ceo of merck and " as a matter of personal preference . " the announcement did not seem to affect merck ' s stock : the new company ' s price fell by almost a full third , on the first day of trading , to around $ 500 . 00 ofhis own supporters have called on him to condemn saturday ' s shooting of a man who had been challenging white supremacy as an act of domestic terrorism . the white house later said that frazier was condemning " all nazis , all neo - nazis and all hate ##rs " in his statement about the shooting . frazier ' s departure is the first high - profile departure from the white house advisory council since trump took office in 2017 . after trump announced in june that the u . s . would be joining the paris climate agreement , both tesla ceo elon musk and microsoft ceo bob iger joined his senior advisory council . days earlier , in may , uber co - founder travis kalanick left the advisory council during the fallout from trump ' s executive order that banned uber from certain muslim countries . " the executive order is for the muslims and muslims all over america , " kalanick said at the time .