they attacked a turkish restaurant located in burkina faso ' s capital , ouagadougou , filling the building with explosives and locking themselves inside for protection . by the time security forces entered the restaurant at noon monday , at least four people had been killed and several others injured , according to security officials . the west african union ' s executive director , remis dandjinou , told cnn international that by noon , three of the attackers had been killed and two turkish nationals were among the injured . in separate statements , officials in paris and ankara said the attackers were a french citizen and turkish national , while one person was injured in the attack . although burkinabe officials blamed the ##s for the attack on the turkish restaurant , no islamist group has claimed responsibility . " we thank the actions of our security and police forces whose efforts helped us to overcome the threat , " burkinabe president roch - marie kabore said in a statement , as reported by cnn . " the fight against terrorism is a courageous one , " he said . " that is why i am calling for unity , solidarity and determination of the whole country to stand up to the attacks of our enemies . " at a press conference afterwards , dandjinou condemned the attacks 'e . e , which began when police reported that three to four militants showed up to the cafe at or around 10 a . m . local time . they opened fire on an empty parking lot outside and another inside , where the new york times reported the group had been celebrating a 14 - year - old boy ' s birthday . the newspaper reported the boy was hospitalized with injuries from the attack . for burkinabes , the attack on aziz ##a cafe , which is popular with tourists , triggered vivid memories of a similar attack just over two months earlier . in the same month , militants conducted an hour - long attack on a luxury hotel and a restaurant two blocks away from aziz istanbul , reportedly killing some 20 people before being captured by security forces . al - qaida and the islamic state , a militant group active in the region , claimed responsibility for that attack — as well as a similar assault two days later in neighboring mali . militant groups have been active for years in the sahel region , which includes niger and burkina faso . several groups linked to al - qaida have carried out attacks in the region , the economist pointed out that the united nations observer mission to mali " has become one of the most powerful in the region . " the mali , — which" burkina faso , then called upper volta , was a colony until 1960 — " president emmanuel ##le met with kabore on friday to discuss the details of the recent developments . the meeting of leaders also expressed their commitment to the establishment of an international peacekeeping force in the sahel and to " continue the fight against terrorist attacks . "