other bees , such as humans , don ' t get that much damage from them , as they should . they play just as important a role in protecting the fruits , vegetables , and flowers , and compared to other populations of bees , they ' re in even greater numbers . a group of researchers in the united states decided to look at how bee colonies were affected by the widely used and highly toxic chemicals known as neonicotinoids . what they found wasn ' t good . neonics , as they ' re commonly called , are used as a spray on the leaves of some of the most commonly grown crops in the world , including corn , rice , and wheat . these chemicals are " airborne " — they spread throughout the growing season . some of them end up in honey , which bees eat . neonicotinoid compounds also have been found in the leaves of wildflowers growing in fields and in the woods . the researchers , based at royal holloway university of london , set up a field experiment with bee queens . they fed those queens a syrup containing traces of a neonicotinoid compound called thiamethoxam , and the effect of the syrup , they found , wassimilar to what bees living in fields of neonic - resistant plants would be exposed to . the queens exposed to the chemicals were 50 % more likely to lay eggs , compared to queens that weren ' t exposed to the chemicals . the researchers published their findings in the journal of conservation and conservation . " without the bees laying eggs , there is no reproduction , " said nigel raine , one of the scientists who conducted the study . raine helped lead the study , which has since moved to the university of guelph in canada . according to raine and his team , the reduction in population is so great that the bee ##s exposed to these chemicals could enter a period of decline and eventually die out . " to me , based on the data we have , this seems like such a huge risk , " raine says . but he says we don ' t know how serious the chemical exposure is to the bees , due to the limitations the bees face , such as the flowers that they rely on for survival . " i don ' t think we have a very good understanding on how serious , however , the situation is — if they can ' t find the right flowers . or food sources . i ' d say [ neonic .] is important and significant , and other factors may be important and significant , too , " he said . the results are expected to generate support for further restrictions on use of the chemicals . the european union declared a temporary ban on use of neonicotinoid agents on certain crops in 2013 , and is currently considering proposals to make that ban permanent . oil companies and some farmers are opposing those proposals . they say that the ban has led to lower yields of crops and an increase in use of the chemicals to control insects that previously were controlled by neonicotinoid agents in agriculture .