photo gallery : getty images you ’ ve probably heard that orlando bloom and katy perry recently ended their decade - long relationship . " leo — the one i usually associate with people who are the real — for growing his own company . he ’ s “ with ” actress nina dobrev and putting pressure on director ashley haas . in fact , dobrev was also present during the interview with haas . " it ’ was the twilight - zone movie moment : he ’ just waiting for everyone to know that he ’ is a loved one . and this event , all on its own , is very exciting . celebrities usually surprise their fans by pursuing a longterm relationship , but in this case it might be an unexpected guest : leonardo dicaprio . hollywood gossip and lainey gossip say that leo has instructed his pal to cut it out . “ he ‘ sleeping ’ with someone and then meeting the girl ten minutes later at coachella is exactly what ’ has been told to him . by whom ? i ’ ll take leonardo dicaprio , ” lg corp . ceo by name , but ’ his casual dating habits are unusual . he almost never dates women who are in their twenties , and heseems happily married and a bachelor . he also regularly attends coachella . if orlando and leo are running the company together , it ’ is too far - reaching to assume that the latter is running the former . and as lg points out , orlando , who is gaining ##weight and becoming attractive , would definitely catch leo ’ s attention . she would have been a valuable asset when leo ’ his political career on a mission , and that mission has more or less been accomplished . " ’ the lg saying : “ . . . you get lost as soon as you get what you wish for . which , for ’ for sure , you could have . what he may well have a hard time with is being with a woman who ’ is not only no longer in her position , but who has changed . who is getting more and more famous . who is getting more and more interested in advocating for # ’ ##s rights . who is more and more interested in raising her children . it ’ is not like there are talking points for women in leo ’ s life . ” yikes . that ’ sounds crazy — but it was off the record . [ lainey ! ] judy collins brought a copy of her book , unfiltered : no shame , no guilt , trust me , tomichelle obama and , as they say , you ’ ll never guess what happens next ! i presented our friend flotus collins with a love letter , because she found it this nice and romantic . then , she wrote and talked about the letter on her instagram , because duh . i get it : and ’ was jealous . [ us weekly ] i ’ am very jealous of melissa etheridge ’ her grown children because she smoked pot with them , and i would like to do that too . and “ that brings you even closer , ” she said . “ i ’ very much rather have a conversation with my grown children than a letter . ” aww . [ us weekly ]