" via getty . carrie fisher ’ her death was shocking to so many because her honesty and honesty about her past made her feel like someone you ’ ve known all your life , an old and dear old friend . the words of her dear old friend echo all of those sentiments . " in the letter column for the hollywood reporter magazine , mark hamill shared his fond memories of getting to know carrie fisher as a young man and the pleasure of having his life be linked to hers and the star wars franchise . after shooting with carrie ended , hamill called the production team to set up a meeting between them so he could get to know her , and it was like she knew how to make new friends : you see , she was 20 years old at the time . i was a young man . and i remember thinking , “ oh my god , this ’ ll be like working with a high school kid . ” but i was just bowled over . i remember she was always so very friendly and funny and kind . she had a way of always being so very nice . i ’ had just met her and it was like talking to a person you ’ had known for 20 years . she was telling me stories about her childhood , about her mother, says eddie , — it was very detailed in every detail . i remember thinking , “ should i do this ? ” i said , i wouldn ’ ##t have done that with someone that i had known for years and years and years . but she did the trick . she really brought you into her world . some of his memories are similar to the fond memories you might have of your own and ##ite ’ real life , when they were on the set of one of the most famous films of all time : " and at work she said , “ you should put on my suit . ” ##子 said , “ the one - piece zipper suit ? you ’ , what , like ’ ##月 ” ? you ’ ll never fit in ! ” she said , “ " yeah . ” i put on that princess leia space - suit and it was so tight i looked like a little lounge singer . if that wasn ’ ##t ##y enough , she made me put on one of those t ##y ##os with the long hair and glasses and all and then she took me to the parking lot . hamill refers to times when he and eddie were in love , and times when they “ hated each other ’ their differences . ” sometimes , he says , “that ’ is a part of what makes a person tick . it ’ is not just one thing . like i say , she was a bitch . she was high maintenance . ( my life would have been so much harder and more painful if she hadn ’ ##t been the bitch that she was . ” you can read the full story here . ) wednesday 9 : 02 pm : carrie underwood ’ oldest daughter , billie lourd , posted a message on instagram , as well , thanking her for the support in an extremely short time . she wrote : mrs .