because of bobby drew . in 2016 , when donald trump admitted , at length , that barack obama was in fact a racist candidate , twitter exploded . at times , twitter has really exploded . twitter has gone both crazy , thanks to al roker , and crazy , thanks to josh ’ his friends . twitter had a blast when the yankees won the world series in 2016 . and when trump was elected president , twitter freaked out , as it seems to do so often . it appeared totally in control . twitter lost control in a home - invasion incident , which seemed like an odd thing to “ . it ” ##ally . at that point , trump was snarked . " twitter , a social media platform magically charged with an emotion that appears to only express one negative emotion at a time , has a tendency to go crazy , has a violent reputation and loves to kill , knowing only that it has the power to create and destroy . it often attacked trump and even attacked bernie sanders when his dnc campaign won back the democrats . users of twitter at one time had ryan on ’ face . from one day to the next , twitter just seemed to be all over the place , letting ’ it say what it wants to do , who it wants to be , howit struggles to decide , up or down , on how it should be in the future . it struggles to maintain a normal mental state and it seems content with where it is . at the risk of sounding too eager , it had fun this year , too . it had fun ! and , — what else — ? . a party ? where ? . . . where taylor swift , kim kardashian and kanye west exist as members of the ’ ##s ? . it ’ is almost as if twitter is living in a fantasy world , haunted by its own fears and feelings of loss . how could it be that the world is us , projecting our fears , worries and other worries onto it . . . ? there are times i feel like grabbing it by its strong forearms and wrestling with it to hold it back . “ twitter , you need help ! ” i would scream . and it would scream back , “ no ! you cannot ! ” and then it would run away screaming , arms waving . i would stare at it from afar and wonder why it has to be this way . and i would say nothing in response because what i know is why . we all need help .