should other governments add encryption to their communications ? australian prime minister malcolm turnbull has made a proposal to ensure that law enforcement does not gain access to information beyond its ' protection by encryption . ' america ' s security policy director amie stepanovich met with techrepublic ' s dan patterson to discuss why that would be a bad idea . " the problem with [ this policy ] is that by denying that law enforcement access , what you ' re doing is you ' re creating a security system that fails completely , " stepanovich said . source : internet security and privacy : issues , challenges , and challenges ( # # ##quest ) encryption is the best defense against anyone trying to invade your personal privacy . since encryption isn ' t a failproof technology , letting it fail will lead to more data theft and destruction because it ' s creating a much more secure system , she said . the policy proposed by turnbull shocked the rest of the world because australia ' s encryption policy could set a precedent for other countries . stepanovich said that it ' s important to note that this policy would probably not prevent criminals or terrorists from sharing secure information online . the complexity involved with encryption communications , she said , is largely due to the complexityof course , which means these guys will not be able to cover their tracks . " : encryption policy ( # # ##s ) in the past , many countries have had encryption policies . for example , some require information to be stored in third - party databases and then never accessed . other policies forbid the use of encryption or even require the use of end - to - end encryption . these policies are being defeated , said stepanovich . she stressed the need for encryption as a policy that protects information privacy , communication between consumers and businesses , privacy , and protected intellectual property . " we ' re at a point where we need to be doing research into and development of the latest security technologies available , " she said . " we need to get involved in it as much as we possibly can , " said stepanovich . enhance your country ' s information security capabilities by keeping track of the latest cybersecurity technologies , policies , and best practices . # ##d to :