source : getty in a 2014 interview , best supporting actress nominee octavia spencer frequently reminds the reader that this year ’ # oscar nominations are not a direct reaction to last year ’ and # oscarssowhite , because that ’ is not how they work . so she sat down with film ’ editor joe utchi to talk about her role in hidden figures with the dignity and dignity she has become known for . and , just like o ’ ' naomie ##wicz ##a in new york last year , she successfully played down the fact that this year ’ the inclusion of films with people of color is a reaction to last year ’ , all - white oscar nominations . and then you connect that with the big conversation we ’ all have in the film world . this year has seen an amazing array of films that some have argued are # oscarssowhite . i know that ’ is what you people are thinking , but when you see how they are thinking , the inclusion of films with people of color is not a reaction to # oscarssowhite . i know , and i don ’ ##t want to say that . but when you see a movie about hidden figures , i think that it ’ is a sign that these kinds of films don ’ 'not me personally . i know that they have projects coming up , and i know that viola [ davis ] and taraji [ p . henson ] have projects coming up . i know idris elba is doing a few projects , and i know mahershala , and andre 3000 and david oyelowo have projects coming up . and now , you know , i ’ am taking a more active role in films , and so is he . i can ’ definitely see this year as an important one , but then , i thought i was going to be president , so i can ’ ##ly tell you for sure . referring to the power that the audience has via their vote and what do they want to do with it , she outlined a new strategy for embracing more of the diversity they see on screen . i would say , when i look at the people that are underrepresented in the film industry , i ’ ve got to tell you , if i look at a list of characters in a movie , and it doesn ’ ##t have white , african - american or hispanic characters , i ’ am definitely not going to put my money on the list . i ’ am going to be completely honest with you . i know most of the world , and i don ’ 'and to do it with my money . and when we start doing things with our money that don ’ ##t benefit all of us , then you ’ ll see an explosion of diversity . diversity is about reaching places that you wouldn ’ ##t otherwise reach . it ’ is about bringing people together . other topics covered include how she herself felt the real meaning of these words and “ in fact , ” the importance of diversity and the real value of diversity . for she herself , diversity was a gift . watch the progress made .