at sixteen , switzer began training with arnie briggs , a mail carrier from boston who was also an avid runner . briggs , however , believed that women had “ too much ” to run the marathon , and switzer was determined to prove him wrong . when she began running 10 - 15 mile races , briggs noticed and encouraged her to sign up for the marathon . she signed up as “ a . m . switzer ” " with arnie , her boyfriend bob brown , and another woman . source : when jock semple , the race co - organizer , discovered another woman had participated in the race , he was furious . in the middle of the race , semple tried to grab switzer and " push her out . “ he was yelling at jock and saying , ‘ get the hell out of my way and give me that money , ’ ” switzer told deadspin in 2015 . “ arnie was pulling at jock , and then he pushed him out of the race . ” the event was captured by photographer john trask , " turning switzer into an icon . " switzer wasn ’ t the first woman — or even the first — to win the boston marathon that year . bobbi gibb , who had won the race earlier in 1966 , was not themarathon in 1967 and finished ahead of switzer in 2 : 27 : 30 . however , gibb did not qualify for the race , and according to switzer , she could not match the overall dominance of semple ’ a men - only race . semple expelled switzer from the race and the amateur athletic union suspended her and others . she and switzer , who was banned worldwide for refusing to race , became an international sex symbol and helped break the long - standing taboo against women in long distance running . in a 1999 interview with wbz - tv , she said , “ i think , ‘ this is going to change my life , is going to change women ’ their lives and change the world . ’ ” the boston marathon was opened to women in 1972 . that same year , sex discrimination law title ix was signed into law , allowing for women to enter cross country and track and field while in college . in 1984 , the race became the boston women ’ ' marathon . switzer went on to win several races and founded the boston road runners marathon , a series of women ’ - - only races . in 1974 , she won the new york city marathon . in 1975 , she returned to boston and finished second , breaking her own record with a time of 2 : 27 :magazine . in 2011 , she was inducted into the massachusetts women ’ sports hall of fame . cnn reported that the boston marathon would honor switzer ’ her marathon jersey , in her honor . “ 40 years old , women make up almost half the teams at marathon . " ’ was a real cultural shock , and it has been all my life , ” switzer told time magazine . “ to be back in boston to witness that moment , the moment where it all began , is both exciting and terrifying . ”