five of the ten largest mass killings in modern u . s . history have occurred since 2012 , the same year that a masked young man murdered two children and two adults at an elementary school in newtown , connecticut . a list of five of the largest mass killings : — dec . 1 , 2017 : brian jones opened fire at an underground music venue on the las vegas strip from the top floor of a hotel - casino , killing 58 people and injuring more than 100 . police along with firearms experts searched his apartment and determined he had shot himself . — june 12 , 2016 : omar mateen opened fire at an orlando , florida , restaurant , killing four people . mateen was later killed in a shootout with police . — april 1 , 2007 : virginia tech student seung - hui cho shot and killed two people and wounded four others in two attacks on police before killing himself . — nov . 1 , 2012 : in newtown , connecticut , an armed 18 - year - old man entered sandy hook elementary school and used a semi - automatic pistol to shoot five people , including two first - year and two middle school staff members . he later killed himself . — dec . 1 , 2017 : devin ##e kelley , who had been dismissed from the police force following his arrest for assaultbush , using an ar - 15 rifle to break up a crowd outside a gay bar in boyle heights , california , killing more than a dozen . — jan . 1 , 1991 : john hennard drove his pickup truck through the rear door of luby ' s restaurant in killeen , texas , and then fatally shot four people , wounded two others and then killed himself in a shootout with police . — december 1 , 1984 : john huberty went to a mcdonald ' s in the san ysidro neighborhood of san diego , california , armed with a thompson submachine gun , a shotgun and a knife . he shot and killed three people , wounded one and then was killed by a police officer . — jan . 1 , 2015 : syed rizwan farook , 29 , and tashfeen khan , 28 , opened fire at a social services facility in san bernardino , california , killing four people and wounding more than 50 . they fled the scene and died moments later in a shootout with police . — oct . 1 , 1986 : postal worker john sherrill shot 11 postal - workers , killing 10 of them , in edmond , oklahoma . he later committed suicide . — oct . 1 , 1966 : john smith , a chicago police officer , shotbombs at the university of texas at austin erupted from the clocktower , killing three students and an unidentified child and injuring about 20 others . whitman also shot his mother and sister the night before . one more victim died a week later and medical examiners attributed a second death to whitman in 2001 .