bogota , colombia ( ap ) — - president juan manuel santos on wednesday held peace talks with the country ' s last remaining armed group after a series of bombings over the weekend killing two police officers . the second stage of the decades - long conflict between the government and national liberation front has been expected to occur in the coming days in ecuador , ecuador . " my patience and the patience of the colombian people have limits , " santos , winner of the 2016 nobel peace prize for his efforts to end colombia ' s 20th - century war , said at an event in bogota . five people were killed and more than 100 injured when a car bomb exploded at a police station in barranquilla during a security operation that morning . a few hours later two officers were killed and dozens injured in three separate terrorist attacks on civilian buildings in the capital city . an armed cell linked to the eln , as the group is known in colombia , claimed responsibility for the first and second of the three attacks , which the government initially attributed to a criminal gang operating in colombia . interior minister luis carlos villegas , a man suspected of planting the bomb and who had previously been arrested for his ties to the group was released shortly after the first attack . in a later monday , the armed cellexpressed its full support for peace talks . " it said the re - negotiation of the cease - fire that began earlier this year depended on the government ending hostilities in areas under its control . " until we reach a cease - fire , the military operations will continue taking place on each side , " the statement said . ecuador signed a peace agreement with what has become the world ' s largest rebel group , the revolutionary armed forces of ecuador , or pri , in december 2016 , ending latin america ' s longest - running conflict . the end of that conflict has been welcomed internationally , as it has not launched a new armed struggle in the areas previously controlled by the rebels and previously controlled by pri rebels . the much - smaller pri , whose forces don ' t exceed 1 , 000 men , was founded in the 1970s by roman catholic missionaries inspired by fidel castro ' s revolution in cuba . unlike the more powerful castro , the group ' s command structure is more centralized , making it difficult for church leaders in ecuador to control the majority of its forces . the group was designated a terrorist organization by the united states .