a new malware attack is making its way into computers using a microsoft powerpoint file system , trend micro research has reported . according to blog posts , cve - 2017 - 0199 also uses rtf files , and this is the first time anyone has been found to use powerpoint on computers in the past . the malware appears in an email that claims to be from a company that sells electronics . the email asks the recipient to contact the company and asks for them to accept cash , interest , and interest ( cif ) and payment on demand ( set ) payments as payment . due to the anonymous nature of the email , and the payments are not targeted at electronics sales , the email states , the email is not considered a computer phishing attack . in the attached email released by trend micro , the address is : 2017 - 483848 . ppsx . in that case , it could be used for purchase order , in an attempt to increase the perceived security of the powerpoint software . see : new ways to spread fileless malware . if the recipient reads the attached email , there will be a purchase order , or even a fake email claiming to be genuine . it also says : cve - 2017 - 8570 . that ' s the address ofa microsoft product , the post said , but not the one that this particular malware is targeting . powerpoint software creates a fake server and releases the source code , the post said . if successful , attackers can download an xml file from the server . the javascript embedded in that xml file is a powershell program that loads and runs a remote access tool . at this point , the attacker will be able to perform remote access on the victim ' s computer . " the software ' s features are very advanced , and include a download & install ##er , a keylogger , a voice command , and support for both text and email , " the post said . the biggest reason for this particular vulnerability is the fact that it works by means of a powerpoint presentation . most email delivery systems rely on the rtf delivery protocol , and that means that even the ppsx software could have an easier time defeating antivirus attacks , the post said . to protect against attacks like this one , users should make sure that their systems are properly configured and able to compensate for all the bugs . also , they should be properly trained in good security practices and security policies . the two biggest problems for techrepublic are a" modern phishing technology is using powerpoint presentation to follow the cve - 2017 - 0199 and deliver malware to users . if a user clicks on the same file , it will open a remote access program , and could provide remote access to the victim ' s computer , keyboard , mouse , and microphone . you should keep constant updated and educate users about the security rules for messages and calls from third parties . keep updated , click , to listen to the techrepublic cybersecurity forum blog . and , to