- ( ap ) — u . s . house rep . john lighthizer said that talks to renew the north american free trade agreement were ongoing as well . lighthizer said the u . s . saw it as a " very important step " and that the sixth round of talks between canada , the united states and mexico , which concluded early , is a " step forward . " " ' tremendous progress was made today , " lighthizer said . " we ' re committed to moving forward . ' " donald trump called mexico a job - killing " weapon " on the campaign trail and has threatened to withdraw from the 100 - year - old country if he doesn ' t get what he wants . lighthizer said there will be a meeting with trump in late may and said other issues are still to be discussed . the us had not hoped to reach an agreement before trump ' s 2016 presidential election and u . s . officials turned down the trump offer . one of the main sticking points in the sixth round of talks has been the trump administration ' s position on countries of origin for auto parts . the administration is pushing for the trade agreement to include a clause stating that all american - made auto parts mustand 50 percent of the cost in order to avoid taxes , with 50 percent being in the united states . mexico ' s government would take areas such as research and development and intellectual property into consideration in those areas . lighthizer , however , called the deal " risky . " " we think that the basic country of the information that is presented , when presented , will lead to less mexican employment than we have anticipated , fewer jobs in the united states , canada and even mexico , " he said . " and this is the opposite of what we are trying to do . " however , lighthizer said the fact that mexico is willing to discuss technical issues and spare time is important . " and they ' re starting to think that we need to continue to negotiate . and that ' s the reason for the secrecy , " he said . lighthizer said the obama administration ' s goal coming out of the deal was to increase the number of mexican jobs in the united states , either by attracting foreign investment or by bringing back jobs that had moved to mexico .