san francisco ( ap ) — amid record - high temperatures in the state ' s summer , california ' s water department will monitor the sierra nevada snowpack , which supplies water to california . department of natural resources officials will return to the mountains annually to monitor the # ##pack , a measure of the state ' s water quality . the measurements of water quality are about one - third of normal . at the peak of california ' s recently ended two - year drought , gov . jerry brown ordered 100 percent water coverage in cities and towns and declared a national emergency . heavy rains in southern california in february effectively ended the drought , and he said the drought ended in june . but the drought never really seemed to end in the southern california areas , said david smith , a climate scientist with the university of california , los angeles . los angeles received only a single rainfall in just the past six months . in ventura and santa barbara counties , which are about 100 miles ( 161 km ) north of los angeles , the lack of water and fresh air provided the fuel for a massive blaze that proved to be the largest fire in california history . when it finally ended , the charred earth turned into a fire . the most accurate available u . s . weather data , a product of the nationalcarlson and others , rated only small portions of the state , including northern california , in the worst form of drought . that compares to 2014 and 2015 , two of the worst years in history for california , when most of the state was rated as in the most severe form of drought . in the middle of the state ' s heavy rain and snow season , heavy snow is in the forecast . in northern california , " it really is really bad , " said carlson , who had observed the winter weather conditions with water from the state ' s rivers for years . doug carlson , spokesman for the state ' s department of natural resources , which carried out the snowpack monitoring , said the winter weather is a major problem , although conditions are much cooler than expected compared to last year ' s drought in southern california . definitions of what constitutes a drought vary , and include : rainfall , the quality of water , soil conditions , and other factors . any attempt to create a severe drought , if the state is affected , or not , would be subject to penalties .