meridian ( ap ) — a police department in the township , michigan , that had the authority to file criminal charges in 2004 against larry nassar and to publicly apologize to the woman who accused the police of beating her during treatment for an unwanted pregnancy , an official said later . the department will make the report public to brianne randall - gay and make changes in how it handles sexual assault cases , township official john walsh said . nassar , who was a medical student at michigan state university and coached basketball , told police that he had performed a surgical procedure with his penis and then gave a powerpoint presentation to police . the case was dismissed , thus allowing him to continue to assault girls and young women , including women , for years until his arrest in 2016 . a total of 265 women and girls interviewed said they were raped . " we admit it . we ' re not trying to hide it . we were raped , " walsh said . the township released the 2004 police report on randall - gay ' s case against nassar . walsh said the township was going to keep it from the public until nassar was sentenced this week to up to 50 years in prison for sexually assault young women and girls in ingham county . the trial was held this week .a murder occurred in eaton ##ville . in 2004 , randall - gay was 17 when she and her mother visited nassar to receive treatment for als , a disease of the spine . they took her to physical therapy and visited her again , this time alone . randall - gay suffered a knee injury . " she told police that nassar had removed her shoes , had covered her breasts with his hands and spread her legs — , without permission . " she said it was ' gross ' and it ' freaked her out , ' " the police chief said . nassar told police he applied pressure to the " knee , " " a slang term for an injury of the legs , and that it was difficult to break a nerve , according to the police . nassar had a certified copy of a powerpoint presentation of the surgical procedure , entitled " the knee operation . " there ' s no evidence that he shared his contact information with an outside source . the investigation was closed . walsh said questions about the investigation would be asked during a press conference held with the police chief and randall - gay , who now lives in washington state . the county arranged for her to travel to washington to testify at nassar ' s trial this year . " in 2004 , nassar " told the" to them ( me ) i refused the offer because i was not comfortable with my situation , " randall - smith said . it was also the first time on the phone . the florida state university police investigation ended in 2014 with no charges filed . an investigation by the university , mandated by state anti - assault laws , cleared nassar of assault . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ https : / / youtube . com / edwhiteap