st . moritz , switzerland ( ap ) — is good , downhill ##s . the 2018 olympic games will be harder than you think . the olympic course in south korea has been criticized — at the men ' s downhill event last year and at the world championships this year — for being too steep with too many bumps and turns . not so much , " ski jumping expert bernhard russi told the associated press . " it was my idea to do something like this , " russi said of last year ' s world cup downhill where the great kjetil jansrud of norway ran at 113 . 5 kn ( 70 . 5 mph ) . if that is good , 2014 olympic champion matthias muller runs up to 140 kn ( 87 mph ) on russi ' s track in the mountains above sochi . the record speed of 161 kn ( 100 mph ) in world cup downhill was set by johan clarey of belgium in wengen , belgium , in 2013 . " when you make the first turn on a downhill course you start from the # ##est . you don ' t want to catch the wind , " said russi , the 1972 world champion and silver medalist and olympic champion franz klammer four years earlier . the austrian champion , austria ' s # ##mind , and" hard to learn from last year ' s competition , and the first men ' s world cup event on the same mountain course next year . " " we know how much farther we can go , and we will . and the jumps will be great , " russi said of the women ' s team that beat them all three times . the same world champion a year ago was christof innerhofer of germany , the 2014 gold medalist , who called the course at jeongseon " killer downhill . " after st . moritz , it was world cup downhill gold medalist erik guay of france who called for a shorter , faster course at the pyeongchang olympics . guay said the test course had too many # ##s , and was inferior to the super - g — . stood out from the 23 - year - old man who became the new world champion in that race . " i think that they do it a lot better , " guay said of the test race . " i think that they should do it just a little bit faster . and the hill itself is better . " the men and women have the same record , but not exactly the same one . russi said there was nothing to change it for the women . the women will compete in world cupdownhill and super - g followed on february 4 - 5 . " basically the track will be the same ( as the men ' s ) , " russi said of the women ' s downhill race . " but the turns will be a little bit bigger . maybe one , two , three , four big turns . maybe the turns a little more wide , more long . better for everyone . " other factors could also affect the race - going conditions , such as air quality and weather in a mountainous area about 40 km ( 25 mi ) away . " if the weather is good i think ( the race ) is going to be going on the wet side , not the cold side , " russi said . " everything is on track . "