 This tuesday, ibm announced a prepackaged and pretested tuesday cluster that is powered by the advanced micro devices inc. s 64-bit opteron processor. This tuesday, ibm announced a pre-packaged and pre-tested tuesday cluster, which is built on the advanced microdevices inc.'s 64-bit opteron processor. The company, ibm, of armonk, n. y., is combining its opteron-based eserver 325 system, which is targeted at scientific and technical computing, with a systems management application and a storage system, so that it is able to run both linux and windows. This tuesday, ibm announced a pre-packaged and pre-tested tuesday cluster, built on the advanced micro devices inc.'s 64-bit opteron processor. This tuesday, ibm announced a pre-packaged and pre-tested tuesday cluster built on the advanced micro devices inc.'s 64-bit opteron processor. The company, ibm, of armonk, ny, is combining the opteron-based eserver 325 system, which is meant for scientific and technical computing, with a systems management application and a storage system, so that it can run both linux and windows. This tuesday ibm announced a pre-packed and pre-tested tuesday cluster built on the advanced microdevices inc.’s 64-bit opteron processor. This tuesday ibm announced a pre-packaged and pre-tested tuesday cluster, built on the advanced microdevices inc.’s 64-bit opteron processor. The company, ibm, of armonk, ny, is combining its opteron-based eserver 325 system, which is meant for scientific and technical computing, with a systems management system and a storage system, so that it can run both linux and windows. The company, ibm, of armonk, ny, is combining its opteron-based eserver 325 system, which is aimed at scientific and technical computing, with a systems management system and a storage system, so that it can run both linux and windows. tuesday, ibm, announced a pre-packed and pre-tested tuesday, built on the advanced micro devices inc. tuesday, ibm, announced a pre-packed and pre-tested tuesday, built on the advanced micro devices inc. tuesday, ibm, announced a pre-packed and pre-tested tuesday, built on the advanced micro devices inc. tuesday, ibm, announced a pre-packaged and pre-tested tuesday, built on the advanced micro devices inc. 64-bit opteron processor. This ibm, in armonk, ny, is combining its opteron-based eserver 325 system, which is intended for scientific and technical computing, with a systems management and a storage system, so that it can run both linux and windows. The ibm, in armonk, ny, is combining its opteron-based eserver 325 system, which is intended for scientific and technical computing, with a systems management and a storage system, so that it can run both linux and windows.