 ‘It still hurts, it’s still very raw . . .’ ‘The widow of the convicted man of the pulse club, acquitted. The accused was found not guilty of obstruction and aiding an armed group. “It still hurts, it’s still raw ... “The widow of the defendant Pulse nightclub, was acquitted. The defendant was found not guilty of obstruction and being an armed group. ‘The widow of the defendant Pulse’s Nightclub, was acquitted. The defendant was found not guilty of obstruction and being a terrorist. ‘It’s still painful, it’s still raw ...’ The prosecutor scolded him, ‘the defendant Pulse’s Nightclub’s widow, for not being a terrorist. ‘The prosecution’s found not guilty of a terrorist or having been a terrorist. "The widow of the defendant Pulse's, a pulse shack, was acquitted. The defendant was found not guilty of obstruction and helping an armed group. "It still hurts, it's still raw ... " The prosecutor scolded him, "the widow of Pulse's, for not being a terrorist. The prosecution found him not guilty of a terrorist or of having been a terrorist. The accused Pulse's nightclub, who was the murderer of the police sgt., was acquitted. The defendant was not guilty of obstruction and aiding an armed group. "The prosecutor scolded him, "the widow of Pulse's nightclub, for not being a terrorist. ‘It still hurts, it’s still raw...’ ‘The widow of the defendant Pulse, a pulse shack, was acquitted. The defendant was found not guilty of obstruction and a terrorist. ‘It still hurts, it’s still raw...’ ‘The defendant Pulse’s was acquitted. The defendant was not guilty of obstruction and a terrorist. ‘The prosecutor scolded him, the widow of Pulse, for not being a terrorist. The defendant Pulse’s, a pulse shack, was acquitted. The defendant was found not guilty of obstruction and being an armed group. The prosecutor scolded him, the widow of Pulse’s, for not being a terrorist. ‘The prosecutor has found him not guilty of a terrorist or of having been a terrorist. The defendant Pulse’s nightclub, who was the murderer of a police sergeant, was acquitted. The defendant was found not guilty of obstruction and being an armed group. ‘It still hurts, it’s still raw ...’ The prosecutor scolded him, ‘the widow of Pulse’s, for not being a terrorist.