 on the 12th of january a video was taken of a 75-year-old day-care assistant who was sitting down with a 2-year-old girl. At the end of the day the assistant, Christina Dhanaraj, was arrested and charged with second-degree child abuse, said the prosecutors on Tuesday. On the 12th of january a video was taken of a daycare attendant who sat down with a girl, who was two years old. The assistant, Christina Dhanaraj, was arrested and charged with second-degree child abuse, the prosecutors said on Tuesday. ' There was a voice of warning 'on the victim's face, a sound of a slap.' 'It seems to me that the boy was sitting there scolding,' they wrote, 'and at the same time the boy was coming in.' ' On the 12th of January a video was taken of a janitor who sat down with a two-year-old girl. At the end of the day the janitor, Christina Dhanaraj, was arrested and charged with second-degree child abuse, the judicial authorities said. On the 12th of January a video was taken of a janitor sitting down with a two-year-old girl. Christina Dhanaraj was arrested and charged with second-degree child abuse, the judicial authorities said Tuesday. "There was a warning voice in the victim's face, a sound of a slap." Then, at the same time, a man was standing up and scolding, "and yet the boy was coming in." "It seems to me that the boy was scolding," they wrote, "and the boy was coming in." On the 12th of January a video was taken of a childminder who was sitting down with a two-year-old girl. At the end of the day, the childminder, Christina Dhanaraj, was arrested and charged with second-degree child abuse, the prosecutor said on Tuesday. “It seems that the childminder was scolding him,” they wrote, “and the childminder came in.” On the 12th of January a video was taken of a babysitter sitting down with a two-year-old girl. Christina Dhanaraj was arrested and charged with second-degree child abuse, the prosecutor said on Tuesday. The day before yesterday, a daycare assistant was found sitting down with a two-year-old girl. Christina Dhanaraj was arrested and charged with second-degree child abuse, the prosecutor said on Tuesday. “It seems to me that the boy was scolding,” they wrote, “and the boy was coming in.” On the 12th of January, a daycare assistant was taken to the house to sit with a girl who was two years old. “The janitor sat down and was scolding,” they wrote, “and the boy was coming in.” “Then a man stood up and scolded him, and yet the boy was coming in.” On the 12th of January a video was taken of a daycare assistant who sat down with a two-year-old girl. On the 12th of January a video was taken of a carer who sat down with a two-year-old girl. The carer, Christina Dhanaraj, was arrested and charged with second-degree child abuse, the judicial authorities said on Tuesday. The janitor sat down with a two-year-old girl, and the janitor, Christina Dhanaraj, was arrested and charged with second-degree child abuse, the judicial authorities said. The day before yesterday a carer was found sitting down with a two-year-old girl. The janitor, Christina Dhanaraj, was arrested and charged with second-degree child abuse, the judicial authorities said. On the 12th of January, a daycare assistant was found sitting with a two-year-old girl. On the 12th of January, a carer was taken to the house to sit with a girl who was two years old, “the janitor sat down and scolded,” and “the boy was coming in.” “It seems that the boy was scolded,” they wrote, “and the boy was coming in.” Then a man got up and scolded him, “and the boy was coming in.” The janitor, Christina Dhanaraj, was arrested and charged with second-degree child abuse, the prosecutor said on Tuesday. On the 12th of January, a daycare attendant was found sitting down with a little girl, and the policeman, Christina Dhanaraj, was arrested and charged with second-degree child abuse, the prosecutor said on Tuesday. On the 12th of January, a daycare assistant was found sitting down with a little girl, and the policeman, Christina Dhanaraj, was arrested and charged with second-degree child abuse.