 What martin scorsese and robert di niro have in common will be the first time in decades . . . Martin scorsese’s silence may have been his love-seller of the last twenty years, but his project had been mostly ignored by audiences, with an estimated value of only $ 7 million in the U. S. This was Martin scorsese’s last love of twenty years, but for the most part his film had been ignored, with an estimated value of only $ 7 million in the U. S., compared with a budget of $ 40 million. Martin scorsese’s silence may have been his love-seller of the last twenty years, but it was his only movie he had been given, which he had penned in response to the terrible public opinion of the time. His next project would be even more expensive and stars – jack nicholson and Leonardo dicaprio in the departed. That is the first time in more than a decade that Martin scorsese will be on the same track ... something tells us that such a fate will not be met by the next film, which will have an even greater budget and stars ... Martin scorsese's silence might have been his love of the last twenty years, but it was his only film that had been given to him, and he had written it in response to the terrible public opinion of the time. It is the first time in more than a decade that Martin scorsese and Robert di Niro are on the same road. The silence of Martin scorsese may have been his love of the last twenty years, but it was his only film he had been given, a work that he had penned in response to the terrible public opinion of the time. The next project would be even more expensive and the cast of jack nicholson and Leonardo dicaprio in the near future. The irishman is based on the book of Charles Brandt, 'I heard you paint houses', which tells of the years in which frank "the irishman" sheeran was a hitman ... something tells us that such a fate will not be met by the next film, which will have a bigger budget and stars ... the irishman is based on the book "I heard you paint houses" by charles brandt, which describes the years in which the mobster confessed to having played more than 25 hits ...