 Attiawan, the students of the college, who were about to go to the lecture, had been burnt, but it was not the fault of the students. The four villagers were subjected to a burning at the village and are named as Lingiawan. Doctor Abdul Ada Bari, the chairman of the committee on education, science, environment and information, said that the system of laboratory work was following the law of the road, and that it was followed from the very beginning to the very end. Attiawan, a class of students who were about to attend the lecture, had been burned to death, but it was not the fault of the students. The four villagers were burnt to death in the village and are known as Liingiawan. Doctor Abdul Ada Bari, the chairman of the committee on education, science, environment and information, said that the laboratory works were governed by the law of the road, and that it was being followed from the beginning to the very end. “The investigators have found it out,” he said, when he saw one of the burnt victims yesterday. Attiawan, the students in the school who were about to go to the lecture, were burnt to death, but not the students. The four villagers were burned to death at the village, and they are called Liingiawan. Doctor Abdul Ada Bari, the chairman of the committee on education, science, environment and education, said that the laboratory system was carried out by the law of the road, and that it was carried out from the beginning to the end. Dr. Abdul Ada Bari, the chairman of the committee on education, science, environment and education, said that the laboratory system is governed by the law of the road, and that it is carried out from the beginning to the end. , it's important to us to say that we are committed to providing laboratories in school to prevent the incident of injury to students. Dr. Abdul Ada Bari, the chairman of the committee on education, science, environment and education, said that the laboratory system was governed by the law of the road, and that it was followed from the very beginning.