 , what was the worst thing of the night for mtv: the dismal performance of the pussycats by "oh, no!" (Oh, the sex throbs of a long time). , what was the worst thing of the night for mtv: the terrible, ugly performance of the pussycats by oh, no! (Oh, the sex throbs for a long time). , those four minutes seem to be designed for torture ... make a note of it ... but the second worst part of the mtv awards, however, is a little more difficult to pin down: the lengthy drawing of verne troyer, a commercial for orbit gum, the very baffling presence of tom cruise ... How was the worst of the night for mtv: the terrible and ugly performance of the pussycats by ‘Oh no!’ (Oh, the sex throbs for a long time). . . . but the second worst part of the mtv awards is a little more difficult to define: the lengthy drawing of verne troyer, the commercial for orbit gum, the utter perplexity of tom cruise . . . . , these four minutes seem to be tortured. . . . . But the second worst part of the mtv awards, however, is a little more difficult to pinpoint: the lengthy drawing of verne troyer, the commercial for orbit gum, the astonished presence of tom cruise . . . “Oh no!” - oh, oh, oh! – oh, oh, oh! (oh, the sex throbs for a long time). But the second worst part of the mtv awards is even more difficult to make out: the long drawing by Verne troyer, the commercial for orbit gum, the absolute perplexity of Tom Cruise ... how was the worst of the night for mtv: the terrible and ugly performance of the pussycats by Oh, No! (Oh, the sex throbs for a long time). .. . but the second worst part of the mtv awards is a little more difficult to make out: the long drawing by Verne troyer, the commercial for orbit gum, the astonished presence of Tom Cruise ... But the second worst part of the mtv awards is a little harder to define: the long drawing by Verne troyer, the commercial for orbit gum, the very confusing presence of Tom Cruise ... .. but the second worst part of the mtv awards is a little harder to define: the long drawing by Verne troyer, the commercial for orbit gum, the extremely uneasy presence of Tom Cruise ... . . . But the second worst part of the mtv awards is a little more difficult to decipher: the long drawing of Verne troyer, the commercial for orbit gum, the totally perplexing presence of Tom Cruise ... . . . . but the second worst part of the mtv awards is even more difficult to decipher: the long drawing of Verne troyer, the commercial for orbit gum, the very perplexity of Tom Cruise ... But the second worst part of the mtv awards is a little more difficult to decipher: the long drawing of Verne troyer, the commercial for orbit gum, the very perplexity of Tom Cruise ... but the second worst part of the mtv awards is a little harder to decipher: the long drawing of Verne troyer, the commercial for orbit gum, the extremely uneasy presence of Tom Cruise ... how was the worst of the night for mtv: the terrible and ugly performance of the pussycats by Oh No! (Oh, the sex throbs for a long time). But the second worst part of the mtv awards is even harder to define: the long drawing by Verne troyer, the commercial for orbit gum, the absolutely uneasy presence of Tom Cruise ... but the second worst part of the mtv awards is still harder to define: the long drawing by Verne troyer, the commercial for orbit gum, the extremely uneasy presence of Tom Cruise... But the second worst part of the mtv awards is even harder to define: the long drawing by Verne troyer, the commercial for orbit gum, the very uneasy presence of Tom Cruise ...