 ‘Forty-two years ago, when we were teaching at the newbridge college, we had our classes at the old Crossing building, at 1840 E. 17th Street in Santa Ana . . . “It was fifty-two years ago, when we were teaching at Newbridge College, we used to have our classes at the old Crossing building at 1840 E. 17th Street in Santa Ana. . . . Advertising: this advertisement by attorney Scott schutzman, provided by attorney Scott schutzman, shows that Newbridge College changed its ad after the students were notified . . . advertising: this photo of a newbridge college ad in pennysaver, provided by attorney Scott schutzman, shows that the school advertises a “medical laboratory technician” program . . . the students suing the school claim that this program does not qualify them to be medical laboratory technicians. “It was fifty-two years ago that we were teaching at Newbridge College, in the old Crossing Building at 1840 E. 17th Street in Santa Ana ... advertising: this advertisement by attorney Scott schutzman, which was provided by attorney Scott schutzman, demonstrates that Newbridge College changed its ad after the students were notified ... advertising: this photo of a newbridge college advertisement in the penny-saver, given by attorney Scott schutzman, shows that the school advertises a “medical laboratory technician” program ... the students suing the school claim that the program does not qualify them as a medical laboratory technician ... Advertising: this picture of a newbridge college ad in the penny-saver shows that the school advertises a “medical laboratory technician” program ... The students suing the school claim that this program does not qualify them as a medical laboratory technician ... “It was fifty-two years ago that we were teaching at Newbridge College in the old Crossing Building at 1840 E. 17th Street in Santa Ana. . . . Advertising: this advertisement by attorney Scott schutzman, given by attorney Scott schutzman, shows that Newbridge College changed its ad after the students were notified . . . advertising: this picture of a newbridge college ad in the pity tool, given by attorney Scott schutzman, shows that the school ad in the pity tool does not qualify students for medical laboratories. . . . Advertising: this photo of a newbridge college ad in the pity tool, given by attorney Scott schutzman, shows that the school advertises a medical laboratory technician program . . . the students suing the school claim that this program does not qualify them as medical laboratories. . . .