 Seven years ago, the Internal Revenue Service (Irs) inspected one out of every 90 individual income tax returns. Last year it was one out of every 119. This year it is expected to be only one out of every 143 . . . Seven years ago, the Internal Revenue Service (Irs) examined one out of every 90 individual income taxes; last year it was one out of every 119; this year it will be only one out of every 143. For those who have not included the Schedule C or other special form, such as income declaration, or other special instructions - for example, under the law, which you are allowed to omit - the audit rate is higher still: one out of every 330 ... Seven years ago, the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) examined one out of every 90 individual tax returns; last year it was one out of every 119; this year it will be one out of every 143. And even the highest income earners, who earn more than $ 1 million a year, can breathe easier, at least for the moment. That’s the highest audit rate, about one out of every 330 ... “Business audits have also declined.” Seven years ago the IRS inspected one out of every 90 individual tax returns. Last year it was one out of every 119; this year it will be only one out of every 143 ... The highest audit rate, about one out of every 330 ... Seven years ago, the tax audit service inspected one out of every 90 individual income tax returns. Last year it was one out of every 119. This year it will be one out of every 143. Seven years ago, the tax audit service inspected one out of every 90 individual income tax returns. Last year it was one out of every 119. This year it will be only one out of every 143. The audit service examined one out of every 90 individual income tax returns. This year it was one out of every 119. The lower rate was due to the punishing of the federal government by cutting the budget of the irs for egregious misconduct, including the last year's official lie to congress, which almost got him fired, and the political profiling of the Tea Party ...