 “Shelby carter had gone on to be what she wanted most to be – a mother – and now her friends and family in the county of wyoming, sick . . . are honoring her sacrifice to save her newborn daughter, ” he added. “Shelby carter had become what she longed to be—a mother, and now her friends and family in the county of wyoming, with her sick daughter, are honoring her for her sacrifice to save her baby girl,” he added. “Shelby carter has now become what she most wanted to be—a mother, and now her friends and family in the county of wyoming are saluting her sacrifice in saving her baby girl,” he added. The fire chief says carter had strapped Kanya into a stroller and slid her from an upper window into the room, saving her life. Shelby carter had become what she most wanted to be - a mother, and now her friends and family in the town of wyoming, sick, are honoring her for her sacrifice to save her little girl, he added. The fireman says that carter had strapped Kanya into a stroller and lifted her from an upper window into the room, saving her life. Sadly, many other stories exist about terrible women who do the most evil to their children! - he added. - Shelby carter has now become what she most wanted to be: a mother, and now her friends and family in wyoming, sick ... are honouring her for her sacrifice to save her baby girl - he added. “Shelby carter has become what she longed to be—a mother, and now her friends and family in the town of wyoming—will honor her sacrifice to save her baby girl,” he added. “Shelby carter has become what she longed to be—a mother, and now her friends and family in the town of wyoming—ill, are honoring her sacrifice to save her baby girl,” he added. The fire chief says that carter had strapped Kanya into a stroller and lifted her up from the upper window into the room, saving her life. The fire chief says that carter had strapped Kanya into a stroller and slid her from the upper window into the room, saving her life. “Shelby carter has become what she wanted to be: a mother, and now her friends and family in wyoming, sick, honor her for her sacrifice to save her baby girl,” he added. “And it’s possible that the flames from the first story prevented her from jumping. She might have toss her baby far away from the house, but she was scared to jump if it was burning right under her.