 but retired teacher Arthur schwartz says the woman is a bird-brain, which is known to attract rats ... But a retired teacher, arthur schwartz, claims that the woman is a bird-brain that squanders the seed of rats. It started flying on saturday when schwartz caught a dove, formerly called augusta kugelmas, throwing seeds to pigeons on the east side of the street ... but Arthur schwartz says the woman is a bird brain which is known to attract rats... But Arthur schwartz claims that the woman is a bird brain that eats the seed of rats. It began flying on Saturday when schwartz caught a dove, the formerly called augusta kugelmas, throwing seeds to pigeons on the east side of the street. . . . “They eat that stuff every day ... But retired teacher Arthur schwartz says that the woman is a bird brain, which is known to attract rats ... but the retired teacher Arthur schwartz says that the woman is a bird brain that eats rats. It started flying on Saturday when schwartz caught a dove, formerly called augusta kugelmas, throwing seeds to pigeons on the east side of the street ... but Arthur schwartz says that the woman is a bird brain which attracts rats ... but Arthur schwartz says that the woman is a bird brain that eats rats ... a passer-by saw the fight and called 911. But schwartz and his wife took off and drove off before the police arrived ... But the retired teacher, Arthur schwartz, says that the woman is a bird brain, which is known to attract rats... but the retired teacher says that the woman is a bird brain, which attracts rats... But the retired teacher says that the woman is a bird brain that eats rats. It began flying on Saturday when schwartz caught a dove, the former augusta kugelmas, throwing seeds to pigeons on the east side of the street... but Arthur schwartz says that the woman is a bird brain that attracts rats... but Arthur schwartz says that the woman is a bird brain that eats rats. “They eat this stuff every day ... But schwartz and his wife drove off before the police arrived ... , but a retired teacher, arthur schwartz, says that the woman is a bird brain, which is known to attract rats... but a retired teacher, arthur schwartz, says that the woman is a bird brain that eats rats. It started on Saturday when schwartz caught a dove, formerly called augusta kugelmas, throwing seeds to pigeons on the east side of the street. But Arthur schwartz says that the woman is a bird brain that attracts rats... but Arthur schwartz says that the woman is a bird brain that attracts rats... but Arthur schwartz says that the woman is a bird brain that eats rats. But schwartz and his wife took off and drove off before the police arrived... but Arthur schwartz says that the woman is a bird brain that attracts rats... but Arthur schwartz says that the woman is a bird brain that eats rats. . . . a passer-by saw the fight and called 911.