 The cats have taken their leave of the field for the day—and a hot one it was—and here are two observations which my pal might have had a bit earlier—he is enjoying a well-deserved day off. The cats are fast ... absolutely . . . absolutely nothing else. The cats have left the field for the day, and it was hot, and here are two observations I might have made a bit earlier—he’s taking a well-deserved day off. The defense is so far ahead of last year that it’s hard to compare them. Huge defensive slams by rico murray and pawel kruba at linebacker . . . we’ll just have to find out. The cats are fast . . . absolutely . . . absolutely nothing else. The cats have left the field for the day, and it was hot, and here are two observations I should have made earlier: he is taking a day-off. The cats are fast ... absolutely ... absolutely nothing else. The cats are fast ... absolutely nothing else. The defence is so far ahead of last year that it is hard to compare them. The rico murray and pawel kruba at linebacker ... we’ll have to find out. The cats are fast ... absolutely ... absolutely nothing else. The canadian depth of this team is ridiculously good, and we will mention that a bit in the main column today (that is about ted laurent ) . . . obviously, as the top five-man quarterback, zach collaros won the team and the skelly session on monday, the second day of the tiger-cat training camp ... in the skelly session he got the majority of the reps. The cats have taken their leave of the field for the day, and it was hot, and here are two observations that I ought to have made a little earlier: he is taking a day off. The cats are fast... absolutely... absolutely nothing else. The cats are fast... absolutely... absolutely nothing else. The cats are fast... absolutely... absolutely nothing else. The cats are fast... absolutely... absolutely nothing else. The rico murray and pawel kruba at linebacker ... we shall have to find out. The cats are fast... absolutely... absolutely nothing else. The defender is so far ahead of last year that it is hard to compare. The stoutness of this team is dreadfully good, and we will tell you a little in the main column today (that is, of the tiger-cat training camp) ... obviously, as the top five-man quarterback, zach collaros, who is the best of the five, took the team and the skelly on monday, the second day of the tiger-cat training camp ... in the skelly session he got the most reps. The cats are fast... absolutely... absolutely nothing else.