 " Sarah who is this? " was one of the tittle-tattles of this tense tv season, and a major element in the success of the sitcom was the hilarious work of melissa mccarthy, who plays Dena, the childhood friend of the title character. " Dena is so lovely and bubbly, but at the same time there was that scene in the pilot where she admitted that she and Sam were not really friends, and that she was tricking everyone," mccarthy said. " "Who is this? " was one of the prologues in this hot season, and the main element in the success of the tv drama was the funny play of Marya mccarthy, who played Dena, the childhood friend of the title character. "She is so pretty and so bubbly, but at the same time, in the pilot, she admitted to the world that she and Sam were not really friends and that she was always influencing everyone," mccarthy said. "It was this scene in the pilot that made her so much more interesting . . . "Who is this? " was one of the tittle-tattles in this tense season, and the main element in the success of the show was the comic work of melissa mccarthy, who played Dena, the childhood friend of the title character. " She's so pretty and merry, but in the pilot she admitted to the world that she and Sam aren't friends, and she's constantly influencing everyone," mccarthy said. "That scene in the pilot made her so much more interesting." "Who is that?" was one of the prologues in this hot season, and the main factor in the success of the drama was the funny performance of Marya mccarthy, who played Dena, the childhood friend of the title character. "She is so pretty and merry, but in the pilot she admitted that she and Sam aren't friends and that she's always influencing everyone," mccarthy said. "It was this scene in the pilot that made her so much more interesting. Dena is only a little "off-kilter," which is always more interesting than someone who's merely on a roll. " Who is this? " was one of the tittle-tattles of this tense season, and the main factor in the success of the drama was the witty play of Marya Mccarthy, who played Dena, the childhood friend of the title character. " She is so pretty and merry, but in the pilot she admitted that she and Sam were not really friends and that she was constantly influencing everyone," Mccarthy said. "The pilot made her so much more interesting. " She is so pretty and merry, but in the pilot she admitted that she and Sam were not friends and that she was constantly influencing everyone," Mccarthy said. "That scene in the pilot made her so much more interesting. " Sarah, who is this? " was one of the prologues in this hot season, and the main factor in the success of the show was the comic play of Marya Mccarthy, who played Dena, the childhood friend of the title character. "She is so pretty and merry, but in the pilot she admitted that she and Sam are not friends and that she is always influencing everyone," Mccarthy said. "This scene in the pilot made her so much more interesting." "Who is this?" was one of the prologues in this hot season, and the main factor in the success of the drama was the comic play of Marya Mccarthy, who played Dena, the childhood friend of the title character. " She is so pretty and merry, but in the pilot she admitted that she and Sam are not friends and that she is always influencing everyone," mccarthy said. "This scene in the pilot made her so much more interesting."