 On monday, the 9th of April, the city of Redwood City adopted an ordinance allowing the business of cannabis only in the green zone of this map. Redwood City is open for business, but the terms of the business aren’t very restrictive. On the 9th of April, the city of Redwood City passed an ordinance, allowing only the business of marijuana in the green zone. This city is open to the business of weed, but the terms are not very restrictive. The city, however, is not very strict about the terms. On the same night, the city council voted 5–2 – with jeffrey gee and vice mayor diane howard voting in favor of the ordinance – that the city be established in a green zone where business of weed and indoor retail nurseries may be established. On Monday, the 9th of April, the city of Redwood City adopted an ordinance that allows only the business of marijuana in the green zone of this map. The city is open to the business of weed, but the terms are not very stringent. On the same night the council voted 5–2—with jeffrey gee and diane howard voting for the ordinance—that the city be set in a green zone where businesses of weed and indoor retailers may be established. The city, however, is not very stringent about the terms. On Monday, the 9th of April, the Redwood City City Council passed an ordinance that allows only the business of marijuana in the green zone of this map. The city is open for business, but the business is not very strict. The 9th of April, the Redwood City Council passed an ordinance allowing the business of marijuana in the green zone. This city is open for business, but the terms are not very strict. On the same night, the council voted 5–2 — jeffrey gee and diane howard voting for the ordinance — that the city be established in a green zone where the cannabis and indoor stores may be established. The city is open for business, but the terms are not very strict. The same night the council voted 5–2 — jeffrey gee and diane howard voting for the ordinance — that the city be established in a green zone where the cannabis and indoor stores may be established.