 “I’ll finish you. ” Hillary clinton and Bernie sanders had a debate in flint, michigan, on March 6, 2016. "I'll finish you off. . . ." Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders had a debate in flint, michigan, on March 6, 2016. Today we are following hillary clinton and bernie Sands as they compete on the national television stage in flint, michigan . . . you will be vindicated and who will be furious when moderator anderson cooper questions the dems about flint's water crisis, mass incarceration and the state of the auto industry. . . . Tonight we are following hillary clinton and bernie Sands on the cnn stage in flint, michigan. "I'll finish you." Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders had a debate in flint, michigan, March 6, 2016. I'll finish you. Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders had a debate in flint, michigan, March 6, 2016. Today we're following hillary clinton and bernie Sands on the national television stage in flint, michigan. Tonight we're following hillary clinton and bernie Sands on the cnn stage in flint, michigan. I suppose they can trust the corporations who have destroyed flint by a disaster of trade that have allowed them to shut down factories in flint and move to China and mexico. . . . . but, really, is it possible to thank the people who destroyed flint by a bad trade policy that allowed them to close down their factories in flint and move to china and mexico ... “I’ll finish you off . . .” Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders had a debate in flint, michigan, on March 6, 2016. “I’ll finish you off . . .” Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders had a debate in flint, michigan, on March 6, 2016. “I’ll finish you off . . .” Anderson cooper, who, in a fiery debate with the two moderators, questions the dems about the water crisis, mass incarceration, and the state of the automobile industry in flint. I suppose that the corporations can trust the corporations, which destroyed flint by a disaster of trade, and which had allowed them to shut down their factories in flint and move to China and mexico... Or maybe, anderson cooper, we could let wall street run the city of flint.... “I’ll finish you off. “ Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders had a debate in flint, michigan, March 6, 2016. “I’ll finish you off.”