 “Center-right parties have won a majority of seats in Europe’s legislative elections, which were announced today. ‘The centre-right parties have taken a majority of the seats in Europe’s legislative elections announced today. The socialist government, defending its platform, lost to the opposition, pointing out to them the “sacrifice” that they were in the middle of, and had received from them “the warning” that had been flung out to them by those concerned about the economy. “The center-right parties have taken a majority of the seats in the European legislative elections announced today. The socialist government, defending its idea, lost to the opposition, saying that it was in the middle of “a sacrifice” which it was in the middle of, and that they had received “the warning” which had been hurled at them by those concerned with the economy. The right has made its mark in other national contests as well ... ” "The right has made its mark in other national contests as well. " The right has taken a majority of the seats in the European legislative elections announced today. The socialist government defended its idea, lost to the opposition, pointing out to them the sacrifice that they were in, and that they had received the warning they had received from the economy. The right has made its mark in other national contests as well." "The right has taken a majority of the seats in the European legislative elections announced today. Labour took third in the e. u. “The center-right parties have taken a majority of the seats in the European legislative elections announced today. The socialist government, defending its position, lost to the opposition, saying that it was in the midst of a sacrifice and that they had been warned by those concerned with the economy. “The right has taken a majority of the seats in the European legislative elections announced today. The right has taken a majority of the seats in the European legislative elections announced today. The socialist government defended its idea, lost to the opposition, pointing out that it was in the midst of a sacrifice and had received “a warning” from those concerned with the economy. The right has made its mark in other national contests, too.” “The right has made its mark in other national contests, too.” The right has taken a majority of the seats in the European legislative elections announced today. Labour took third place in the e. u. election, behind the ukip, whose platform demands the withdrawal of the u. k. “The centre-right parties have taken a majority of the seats in the European legislative elections today. The socialist government defended its ideas, lost to the opposition, pointing out that they were in the midst of “sacrifice” and “sacrifice” and delivering the “sacrifice” which had been hurled to them by those concerned with the economy. “The right has taken a majority of the seats in the European legislative elections today. The right has taken a majority of the seats in the European legislative elections today. The right has taken a majority of the seats in the European legislative elections today. The right has taken a majority of the seats in the European legislative elections today. The socialist government defended its position, lost to the opposition, pointing out that it was in the midst of a sacrifice and that it had been “warned” by those concerned with economics. The right has taken a majority of the seats in the European legislative elections today. The right has taken a majority of the seats in the European legislative elections today. Labour took third place in the e. u. elections, the ukip of whose platform demands the withdrawal of the u. k. u. since the rejection of the e. u.