 - Small bouts of diarrhea are common. - Most people have at least one bout of diarrhea at least twice a year and it usually disappears within a few days. Fortunately, there are many ways to reduce the symptoms of diarrhea. “Nonsense. There are frequent bowel movements. “It’s very common to have bouts of diarrhea . . . but usually it goes away in a few days. Fortunately, there are many ways to ease the pain of diarrhea. . . . A bout of diarrhea is a movement of the bowel that is more liquid than solid or has a loose texture . . . ‘What is the whole point? Small bouts of diarrhea are common. Fortunately there are many ways to alleviate the symptoms of diarrhea. ... The typical case is a bout of diarrhea, usually every two weeks, and it usually goes away after a few days. There are frequent bowel movements. ‘ A bout of diarrhea is a movement of the bowels that is more liquid than solid, or loose in texture ...’ It is a common condition, which occurs a couple of times each year. Fortunately, there are many ways to alleviate the symptoms of diarrhea. Most people have at least one bout of diarrhea, at least twice a year, and it usually disappears in a few days. “Nonsense! ... There are frequent bowel movements. A small bout of diarrhea is common. Fortunately, there are many ways to relieve the pain of diarrhea. ... In most people, at least twice a year, a bout of diarrhea disappears. There are frequent bowel movements. The case is the most common; it usually disappears after a few days. ... It is a common disease, which occurs two times a year. Fortunately, there are many ways to relieve the symptoms of diarrhea. ... The normal case is a bout of diarrhea every two weeks, and it usually disappears after a few days. ... a person with chronic conditions such as irritable bowel syndrome (ibs) or crohn's disease may have diarrhea more often ... Luckily, there are many ways to relieve the symptoms of diarrhea ... A person's diet is crucial if he is experiencing diarrhea ... some foods may relieve the symptoms of diarrhea, and eating other foods can make the diarrhea worse ...