 The grand cherokee is one of the brightest stars among the cars that propelled chrysler—now a foreigner—to a 28-percent increase in sales in 2011 , rising its share of the U.S. market. The grand cherokee is one of the brightest stars among the cars which took chrysler—a foreigner—to a 28-percent increase in sales in 2011 and to a rise in its share of the U.S. market. Yesterday the company announced that it would build the grand cherokee in diesel form, its first diesel-electric passenger vehicle in a few years. The grand cherokee is one of the brightest stars among the cars that brought chrysler, now a foreigner, to a 28-percent increase in sales in 2011 and in its share of the U.S. market. Yesterday the company announced that it would build the grand cherokee in diesel, the first diesel-electric passenger car of a few years. The news of the new hors-d'oeuvre, which has been buried in an announcement of a third shift in the jefferson north factory in detroit, which will employ one, 100 workers in the process. The grand cherokee is one of the brightest stars among the cars which propelled chrysler, a foreigner, to a 28-percent increase in sales in 2011 and to a rise in its share of the U.S. market. The grand cherokee is one of the brightest stars among the cars which brought chrysler, now a foreigner, to a 28-percent increase in sales in 2011 and a rise in its share of the market. Yesterday the company announced that it would build the grand cherokee in diesel, the first diesel-electric passenger car in a few years. The grand cherokee is one of the brightest stars among the cars which brought chrysler, a foreigner, to a 28-percent increase in sales in 2011 and in its share of the market. The grand cherokee is one of the brightest stars among the cars which brought chrysler, a foreigner, to a 28-percent increase in sales in 2011 and in its share of the market. Yesterday the company announced that it would build the grand cherokee in diesel, the first diesel-electric vehicle in a few years.