 “Appleton, ed berthiaume, editor of the Telegraph, will leave the Post before the end of the year. He has been at the Newspaper for 29 years, he is a retired journalist and, having had his service with the Tribune, is a retired reporter and also a news editor. ‘Appleton, Ed Berthiaume, editor of the Telegraph, will leave the Post by the end of the year. He has been at the Paper for 29 years, retired as a reporter, and, having served at the Tribune, as a reporter and also as a news editor. He has shared the desk with colleagues who have a passion for journalism and who want to carry out their work with integrity. That was true in 1989, and it is true today. “Appleton, Ed Berthiaume, editor of the newspaper, will leave the newspaper before the end of the year. He was with the newspaper for thirty years, retired as a reporter, and, having served at the Tribune, was a reporter and also a news editor. He was with colleagues who had a passion for journalism and who wanted to carry out their job with integrity. This happened in 1989, and it is true today. He is an executive at the newspaper, he was an editor in 1989, he served in the Tribune as a reporter, he was a news editor in the trib. “Appleton, Ed Berthiaume, editor of the paper, will leave the paper before the end of the year. He has been at the paper for thirty years, retired as a reporter, and after serving in the newspaper, he was a reporter and a news editor. He was with colleagues who had a passion for journalism and wanted to perform their work with integrity. That was true in 1989, and it is true today. The editor of the paper, Ed Berthiaume, will leave the paper before the end of the year. He was at the newspaper for thirty years, retired as a reporter, and, having served in the newspaper, was a reporter and also a news editor. He has shared his desk with colleagues who have a passion for journalism and who want to perform their duties with integrity. He has been at the paper for thirty years, retired as a reporter, and having served at the newspaper, as a reporter and as a news editor. He has served as a press secretary in the paper since February 2015, first as editor of the paper and then as editor of the paper, then as editor of the paper. In the newspaper, he was an editor in 1989, he was a reporter at the newspaper, he was a reporter at the newspaper, and was a news editor at the newspaper.