 - The reporter (jeff mason from reuters) says: for the president, if i could follow up on this ... why should americans and the president trump believe your declaration that Russia did not intervene in the election, based on the evidence from us intelligence agencies? Will you consider the twelve russian officials indicted last week by a grand jury ... - The reporter (Jeff Mason from reuters) says: "For the president, if i could follow up on this ... why should americans and the president trump believe you that Russia didn't interfere in the election, based on our intelligence agencies? - You must consider the twelve russian officials arrested by the grand jury last week ... trump : 'I'll let the president [that is, the president] answer the second part of the question. - The idea of this came up perhaps a little before, but it came out as the reason for the democratic losses, which, frankly, they should have won, for the electoral college is much more advantageous to democrats than to republicans. “As the President, if i could follow up on this ... why should Americans and the President trump your claim that Russia did not interfere in the election, based on the intelligence of our own Government? Let the President answer the second question: Will you consider the twelve russian officials arrested by the Grand Jury last week?’ ‘I’ll let the President answer the second question as well. The President (Jeff Mason from Reuters) says: ‘For the President, if i could follow up on this ... why should Americans and the President trump your statement that Russia did not interfere in the election, based on our own Government’s intelligence? ... We won the electoral college by a lot ...’ (she added it was actually 304 to 227 .) ‘The idea of it perhaps came into the discussion a little before, but it was the reason for the democratic losses, which are in fact probably better to be won, because the electoral college is much more beneficial to the democrats than to the republicans. – The eminent journalist (Jeff Mason) says: ‘For the president, if I could clarify that ... why should Americans and the president trump your statement that Russia did not interfere in the election, based on the intelligence of our own government? Let the president answer the second question, Will you consider the twelve russian officials arrested last week by the grand jury?’ ‘I’ll let the president answer the second question. Let the president answer the second question: will you consider the twelve russian officials arrested last week by the grand jury?’ ‘The idea of this may have been talked about before, but it has ended up being the cause of the democratic losses, which are, as you say, probably better won, because the electoral college is much more beneficial to the democrats than to the republicans.’ (she added that it was actually 304 to 227.) ‘I’ll let the president answer the second question. The president (Jeff Mason, from Reuters) says: ‘For the president, if i could follow up on this ... why should Americans and the president trump your declaration that Russia did not interfere in the election, based on our intelligence? .. You must consider the twelve russian officials who were arrested by the grand jury last week.’ ‘I’ll let the president speak to the second question,’ says the president. ‘It may have been mentioned before, but it was the reason for the democratic losses, which should in fact have been won, because the electoral college is much more beneficial to democrats than to republicans.