 * last season: 29 – 6 , lost to florida in second round of the ncaa tournament. Who is gone: coach chris mack (Louisville) , guard trevon bluiett , guard j . p. No one left except for coach chris mack (Louisville) and guard trevon bluiett; guard j . p. macura; forward kerem kanter; forward kaiser gates; forward sean o mara. who’s back: junior guard quentin goodin (six rebounds per game) is a most experienced player returning from injury and will be a key member of the team, along with sophomore forward naji marshall, who started 18 games last season. ' last season, 30 - 6 , lost to florida in the second round of the ncaa tournament. Who is gone? Coach chris mack (Louisville) and guard trevon bluiett, guard j . p. macura; forward kerem kanter; forward kaiser gates; forward sean o mara. who's returning: junior guard quentin goodin (six rebounds per game) is the best player since coming back from injury and will be the main support for the team, along with junior forward naji marshall, who played in 18 games last season. He averaged seven . . . marshall averaged 7 . . . and is the most versatile offensive player in xavier. That season, 29 - 6 , lost to florida in the second round of the ncaa tournament. Who is gone: coach chris mack (Louisville) and guard trevon bluiett, guard j . p. macura, forward kerem kanter, forward kaiser gates, forward sean o mara. Who is back: junior guard quentin goodin (six rebounds per game) is the most experienced player since coming back from injury and will be the main support for the team, along with junior forward naji marshall, who played 18 games last season. He averaged seven . . . marshall averaged seven . . . and is the most versatile offensive player in xavier. He averaged seven . . . marshall averaged seven . . . and is the most versatile offensive player in xavier. He averaged seven . . . marshall averaged seven . . . and is the most versatile offensive player in xavier. Who is gone? Coach chris mack (Louisville) and guard trevon bluiett, guard j . . . Then, on 29 August, the hurrah went to florida in the second round of the ncaa tournament. Last season, 29 August, the hurrah went to florida in the second round of the ncaa tournament. Who is left? Coach chris mack (Louisville) and guard trevon bluiett, guard j . . macura, forward kerem kanter, forward kaiser gates, forward shan o mara. Who is back: junior guard quentin goodin (six points per game) is the best player since returning from injury and will be the main support for the team, along with junior forward naji marshall, who played in 18 games last season. He averaged seven . . . marshall averaged seven . . . and is the most versatile offensive player in xavier. who is new: three graduate students . . . zach hankins, shot up and made a school record . . . guard ryan welage , he set the school record for shot down and missed . . . he averaged seven . . . marshall averaged seven . . . and is the most versatile offensive player in xavier. He averaged seven . . . marshall averaged seven . . . and is the most versatile offensive player in xavier.