 New York, the 29th of september, 2015 — POLICE PORTER — As previously announced, WebMD Health Corp. (nasdaq: wmd) will hold its annual meeting on Thursday, october 1 . As previously announced, WebMD Health Corporation (Nasdaq: WMD) will hold its annual meeting on Thursday, 1 October 2015. . . . on that day, webMD will seek approval from the shareholders of WebMD for a one-for-one increase in the number of shares available for investment in its 2005 long-term incentive plan. . . . , to the extent of this approval, webMD has announced that it has made a commitment to cease the grant of any one of the one-for-all 1,700, 000 additional shares to the directors of WebMD, or to the executive officers of WebMD (as defined by the sec rules) except for a new hire who joins WebMD as an executive officer. As previously announced, WebMD Health Corporation (NASDAQ: WMD) will hold its annual meeting on Thursday, October 1 . As previously announced, WebMD Health Corporation (NASDAQ: WMD) will hold its annual meeting on Thursday, October 1 . . . , webMD will seek approval from the shareholders of WebMD for an increase of 1,700, 000 shares of the company's capital stock. . . . , WebMD has announced that it has made a commitment to stop the grant of any one of the 1,700, 000 shares of the capital stock of WebMD to the directors or to the executive officers of WebMD (as defined by the sec rules) except to a new employee who joined WebMD as an executive officer. On Thursday, October 1 , webMD Health Corporation (NASDAQ: WMD) will hold its annual meeting on Thursday, October 1 . . . , webMD will seek approval from the shareholders of WebMD for a one-for-one increase in the number of shares available for investment in the 2005 long-term incentive plan . . . to the extent of this approval, webMD has announced that it has made a commitment to cease any of the 1,700, 000 shares of WebMD’s capital stock from being distributed to the directors of WebMD or to the executive officers of WebMD (as defined by the sec rules) to a new hire who has joined WebMD as an executive officer. As previously announced, WebMD Health Corporation (NASDAQ: WMD) will hold its annual meeting on Thursday, October 1, 2015. . . . . On that day, WebMD will seek approval from the shareholders of WebMD for a one-for-one increase in the number of shares available for investments in its 2005 long-term incentive plan. To the extent of this approval, WebMD has made a commitment to cease any of the 1,700, 000 shares of the company's capital stock to the directors of WebMD or the executive officers of WebMD (as defined by the sec rules), except for a new hire who joins WebMD as an executive officer.