 Many thousands of people have been tortured, thousands have died in prisons since march 2011, the beginning of the crisis that has forced so many to flee. Many thousands of people have been tortured and hundreds have died in prisons since the March of the Dead, the beginning of the crisis that has forced so many people to flee. Many thousands of people have been tortured and hundreds have died in prisons since the March of the Dead, the beginning of the crisis that has forced so many people to flee. Many thousands of people have been tortured and hundreds of people have died in prisons since the March of the Dead, the beginning of the crisis that has forced so many to flee. Many thousands of people have been tortured, thousands have died in prisons since march 2011, the beginning of the crisis that forced so many to flee. Many thousands of people have been tortured and hundreds have died in prisons since the March of the Dead, the beginning of the crisis that forced so many to flee. Many people we spoke to said they were beaten with plastic hoses, with silicone bars and wooden sticks ... Many of the people we spoke to said they had been beaten with plastic pipes, with silicone bars and with wooden sticks ... Many of the people we spoke to said that they had been beaten with plastic hose pipes, with silicone bars and with wooden sticks ... Many thousands of people have been tortured and hundreds of people have died in prison since the day of the dead, the day of the dead, the day of the dead, the day of the dead, the day of the dead, the day of the dead, the day of the dead. Many thousands of people have been tortured, thousands of people have died in prison since the day of the dead, the day of the dead. Many thousands of people have been tortured and hundreds of people have died in prison since the day of the dead, the day of the dead, the day of the dead, the day of the dead, the day of the dead. Many of those who spoke to us were beaten with hoses, with silicone bars and with wooden sticks. Many of those we spoke to said that they had been beaten with hoses, with hoses, with hoses and with wooden sticks. Some people were scalded with hot water and cigarette smoke, others were forced to stand in water and be struck with electric shocks .