 , the holidays are over, and it is time to make your annual donation in order to wash away all the stains that your soul has left behind. . . . Here is the list of 18 charities voted by Life You Can Save, a respected website dedicated to philanthropy, which emphasizes the most effective charity , each dollar donated is used for the greatest service. Hesitating to do this, he knows he is not done with a year. . . . It is high time to make your annual donation, to cleanse himself of the stains left behind. . . . And here is the new list of seven leading charities for the year . . . , and here is the new list of seven outstanding charities for the year from givewell, another respected website on the cause of charitable giving, which emphasizes on the most effective charity, the highest sum donated. . . . against malaria, which is providing mosquito nets that save lives . . . This is a list of 18 charities voted by Life-Alone Saver, a respected website for charitable giving, which focuses on the most effective charity; every dollar donated is used for the greatest benefit. . . . And here is the new list of seven leading charities for the year . . . and here is the list of seven outstanding charities for the year . . . Here is the list of seven great charities for the year, and here is the list of seven outstanding charities for the year from givewell, another well-known website for the philanthropic field, focuses on the most effective charity, on the highest amounts of money donated . . . . , you may not be a great soldier who saves lives very often, but you can legitimately save lives by donating to these charities. . . . He hesitated, he knew that he had a whole year left. Here is the list of 18 charities voted by Life You Can Save, a respected website dedicated to charity, whose main idea is to give the best, most effective charity, whose best dollar is devoted to the greatest good. Here is the list of seven great charities, and here is the list of seven outstanding charities for the year, from givewell, another famous site for the giving of charity, emphasizes the most effective, the highest amount ... Here is the list of seven great charities for the year, and here is the list of seven outstanding charities for the year from givewell, a well-known charity website, which emphasizes the most effective charity, the most generously donated. . . . And here is the list of seven great charities for the year, and here is the list of seven outstanding charities for the year from givewell, a very famous website for the donation of charity, focuses on the most effective charity, the highest sum ... and we know that Donald trump's election was a 'gush', so we can save lives, but we can also legitimately save lives by donating to these charities . . . This is the list of 18 charities voted by the Loving-Mover, a reputable website for the donation of charity, focuses on the most effective charity; every penny donated is used for the greatest good.