 There have been a great deal of mention of this stock in the press and in the general press, including the cnbc, etc. . ; i am not surprised at all, for it has been on a mission these past few weeks; but the recent peak could well have been a substantial peak, especially considering the publicity that this stock has recently received. Whenever a stock or market is mentioned, it is generally at a turning point, at a very close high or a low. In that case, i can assert that the ascend from the January 2018 lows has ended an impulse, a 5th wave . . . There has been much mention of this stock in the press and in the general press, and even the cnbc, and others, etc.; I am not surprised at all, it has been on a mission these past few weeks; but this recent peak could be a substantial one, especially in view of the publicity that this stock has received recently. Whenever one mentions a stock or the market it is generally at a point of turning point, a very close high or a low. In that case, I can assert that the upward movement from the January 2018 lows has ended, an impulse, a 5th wave ... to support the more bearish idea (idea 1) and to settle down in order to correct the advance from the april 2018 lows, then i would like to see the move below 24 ... There was much mention of this stock in the press and in the general press, even the cnbc, and others, etc.; I am not surprised at all, it has been on a mission these past few weeks; but the recent peak might well have been a significant one, especially considering the publicity this stock has received. There has been much talk about this stock in the press and in the general press, including the cnbc, and others, etc.; I am not surprised at all, it has been on a mission these past few weeks; but the recent peak could well have been a substantial one, especially considering the publicity this stock has received recently. The stock or market is generally at a point of turning point, a very close high or a low. For example, if we see a movement below 24 ... then ... then ...