 “Ramon Scott was killed in the midlothian village apartment on Tuesday night, a year before, he was charged with conspiracy in a murder in the same apartment ... “Ramon Scott was killed in the village of Midlothian on Tuesday night, a year ago, in a conspiracy to commit murder in the same apartment ... [Phonet] he knows about the confines of the prison walls ... and he seems to have caught on with the vicious cycle of violence. One of the sources say he was found in the apartment, and was stabbed to death. — he was arrested in the midlothian village apartment on Tuesday night, a year ago. He was accused of having committed a crime in the same apartment. One source said he had been found in the apartment and was stabbed to death. — This is a pattern across the country, especially in the urban areas. — “Ramon Scott was murdered in the village of Midlothian on Tuesday night, a year ago, in a conspiracy to commit murder in the same apartment ... He knows the confines of the prison ... and he seems to have taken on the vicious cycle of violence. “Ramon Scott was killed in the village of Midlothian on Tuesday night, a year ago, in a conspiracy to murder in the same apartment... and he knows about the confines of the prison... and he seems to have started the vicious cycle of violence. This is a national pattern, especially in the cities. “Ramon Scott was killed in the village of Midlothian on Tuesday night, a year ago, in a conspiracy to murder in the same apartment ... He knows about the confines of the prison... and he seems to have started the vicious cycle of violence. [3] for me, a former victim, i think that I am one of the people or people like me who are going home , it is incumbent on us to get out here and eliminate what we have started. he was arrested in the village of Midlothian on Tuesday night a year ago. He was accused of having committed a crime in the same apartment. The sources say he was found in the apartment and was stabbed. 'Ramon Scott was murdered in the village of Midlothian on Tuesday night a year ago, in a conspiracy to murder in the same apartment. He knows the prison walls ... and he seems to have started a vicious cycle. 'Ramon Scott was murdered in the village of Midlothian on Tuesday night a year ago, in a conspiracy to murder in the same apartment ... He knows the prison walls ... and he seems to have started a vicious cycle. It's a national phenomenon, especially in the cities. 'Ramon Scott was murdered in the village of Midlothian on Tuesday night, a year ago, in a conspiracy to murder in the same apartment ... He knows about the prison walls ... and he seems to have begun the vicious cycle.