 "In the course of 2015 we will see that the exports and imports of the northern europe ports will fall a great deal," said ben hackett, CEO of the Mackett firm. "The current weakness in the Eurozone economy will cause the imports and exports of goods to decline this year, a new report indicates. "We see that the demand for goods is weak and that, as a result, the carriers are unable to maintain the same amount of capacity and result in a very low rate of freight. “In the course of 2015 we will see the exports and imports of the northern europe ports fall a great deal,” said Ben Hackett, CEO of the Mackett firm. “The weakness in the Eurozone economy is causing the exports and imports of goods to fall this year, a new report suggests. In the latest edition of the North European Global Port Monitor published by Mackett and the bremen-based Institute of Shipping and Logistics, it is predicted that containerized imports will fall 0 . 8 percent to 14. The port monitor’s prediction of containerized imports in the northern europe ports will be a 0 . 8 percent decrease, to 14 . . . “In the course of 2015, we shall see the exports and imports of the North Europe ports drop very much,” said Ben Hackett, CEO of the Mackett firm, “the current weakness in the Eurozone economy will lead to a decline in imports and exports this year, according to a new report. We can see that demand is weak and the carriers are unable to hold the same amount of capacity and that we are able to have a very low rate of freight. In the latest edition of the North European Global Port Monitor published by Mackett and the Bremen Institute of Shipping and Logistics, it is predicted that container imports will fall by 0 to 14 ... 89 million 20-foot containers . exports from the ports will fall by a tenth, or 17%, to 11 ... "In the course of 2015 the exports and imports of the northern europe ports will fall a great deal," said Ben Hackett, CEO of the Mackett firm. "The weakness of the Eurozone economy will cause the exports and exports of goods to decline this year, a new report has concluded. We can see that the demand for goods is weak and that the carriers are unable to maintain the same amount of capacity, resulting in a very low rate of freight. In the latest edition of the North European Global Port Monitor, which Mackett and the Bremen Institute for Shipping and Logistics consulted together, it was predicted that container imports would fall by 0 to 14 ... 89 million 20-foot vessels. The latest edition of the North European Global Port Monitor, published by Mackett and the Bremen Institute for Transport, predicts that container imports will fall by 0 to 14 ... 74 million teus. In the latest edition of the North European Global Port Monitor, published by Mackett and the Bremen Institute for Shipping and Logistics, it is projected that container imports will fall by 0 to 14 ... 89 million 20-foot containers ... exports from the ports will fall by a tenth, or 17%, to 11 ... ‘In the course of 2015 we will see the exports and imports of the north europe ports fall,’ said Ben Hackett, chief executive officer of the Mackett Company. ‘The weakness of the Eurozone economy is going to cause the exports and imports of goods to fall this year, a new report suggests. The latest North European Global Port Monitor published by Mackett and the Bremen Institute of Shipping and Logistics estimates that container imports will fall by 0 to 14 ... 89 million 20 lb containers. The latest North European Global Port Monitor, published by Mackett and the Bremen Institute of Transport, predicts that container imports will fall by 0 to 14 ... 89 million 20-foot vessels. The latest edition of the North European Global Port Monitor, which Mackett and the Bremen Institute of Transport consulted together, predicts that container imports will fall by 0 to 14 ... 89 million 20-foot containers. In the latest edition of the North European Global Port Monitor, published by Mackett and the Bremen Institute of Transport, it predicts that imports will fall by 0 to 14 ... 74 million teu. In the latest edition of the North European Global Port Monitor, published by Mackett and the Bremen Institute of Transport, it predicts that imports will fall by 0 to 14 ... 79 million teu. In the latest edition of the North European Global Port Monitor, published by Mackett and the Bremen Institute of Transport, it is predicted that imports will fall by 0 to 14 ... 89 million 20-foot containers. In the latest edition of the North European Global Port Monitor, published by Mackett and the Bremen Institute of Transport, it is predicted that imports will fall by 0 to 14 ...