 ... welcome to the world of the fanfiction of Atwt, where we’re writing about the characters we miss from springfield. We hope you’ll enjoy reading our last Atwt story before reading on. . . . Welcome to the fanfiction of Atwt, where we are writing about the characters we miss from springfield. We hope you will enjoy reading our last Atwt story before reading on. Jeffrey conceals himself unknown in a closet in the estate that he had tracked edmund to in San Cristobel . . . he wonders if it was a monster or a trick that edmund was trying to pull . . . Here, in the fandom of Atwt, we are writing about the characters we miss from Springfield, and we hope you will enjoy our last Atwt story before reading further. . . . Welcome to the fandom of Atwt, where we are writing about the characters we miss from Springfield, we hope you will enjoy reading our last Atwt story before reading further. As he entered, he saw the girl sleeping in the bed, and he thought he saw tammy, at least, in her eyes . . . He did not see tammy. . . . he waited in the darkness until he heard edmund and the nurse leaving. Jeffrey concealed himself in a closet in the estate he had found edmund at San Cristobel . . . ... welcome to the fanfiction of Atwt, where we are writing about the characters we miss in Springfield, we hope you will enjoy our last Atwt story before reading further. Welcome to the fanfiction of Atwt, where we are writing about the characters we miss in Springfield, we hope you will enjoy reading our last Atwt story before reading further ... he entered the apartment, saw the girl sleeping in the bed, and he thought he saw tammy, at least in her eyes ... he waited in the darkness until he heard Edmund and the nurse leave. Jeffrey was hiding in a closet in the estate where he had found edmund in San Cristobel ... and his eyes began to flutter, and before he could re-enter them, they opened and stared directly at him. . . . “Tammy,” he thought, “she ... tammy smiles and says: “Richard ... ” he was only able to say ... he did not see tammy ... he waited in the dark until he heard edmund and the nurse leave ... And the nun has gone away. . . . The nun had been taken away by some unidentified person, and there was a little while before he could bring himself to write, and I would ask if it was a monster or a trick, that was the question. . . . It was Jeffrey who had hid himself in a closet in the estate where he had found edmund in San Cristobel . . . he thought, he thought, he thought he saw tammy in her eyes, he waited in the darkness until he heard Edmund and the nurse leaving. Then he went in and saw the girl sleeping in the bed and he thought he saw tammy in her eyes . . . but he could not say what he saw . . . he waited in the darkness until he heard Edmund and the nurse leaving . . . Jeffrey was hiding in a closet in the estate where he had found tammy in San Cristobel ... he saw tammy and the girl was sleeping in the bed, and he thought he saw tammy in her eyes . . . but he did not see tammy . . . he waited in the darkness until he heard Edmund and the nurse leaving . . .