 " The tenth season of high school football was already over and all the champions were crowned, wbtv sports and football announced on Friday night their final FFN 10 and the team of the year. "Charlotte, NC (bbtv) - With the top-class football season firmly in the books and all the champs crowned, wbtv sports and football announced the ultimate top 10 and the team of the year on friday night. The tenth year of high school football was over, and all the champions were crowned. On Friday night, the final FFN 10 and the team of the year. Charlotte, NC (bbtv)—With the football season firmly in the books and all the champs crowned, the wbtv sports and football announced the final FN 10 and the team of the year. The cyclones started the season without a ranking, but they climbed up the rankings and won the South Carolina aaa state championship . . . . The tenth season of high school football was over and all the champions were crowned, wbtv sports and football announced on Friday night the final round of the national round of the football tournament. “Charlotte, NC (bbtv) – With the football season now firmly in the books and all the champions crowned, wbtv sports and football announced on Friday night the final round of the national round of the football tournament. The cyclones began the season without a rank, but as they climbed the ranks they won the South Carolina aaa championship ... the first title in the history of the aaa ... ’ ‘The tenth season of high school football was over and all the champions were crowned, wbtv sports and football announced on Friday night the final round of the national football tournament. Charlotte, NC (bbtv) – With the football season already firmly in the books and all the champions crowned, wbtv sports and football announced the final round of the national football tournament on Friday night. The cyclones started the season without a ranking, but climbed up the ranks and won the South Carolina aaa state championship ... . . . . - Charlotte, NC (bbtv) - With the football season now firmly in the books and all the champions crowned, wbtv sports and football announced the final round of the national football tournament on Friday night. The cyclones began the season without a ranking, but climbed up the ranks and won the South Carolina aaa state championship ... The first title in the history of the aaa ...