 I omit to say that the record low and negative interest rates in the developed economies are fueling a frenzy of interest rate reduction, driving the spirits of the most conservative institutional investors to risk the risky emerging markets, according to the investment banks and the analysts. ... but this is not a reason for em's attractiveness ... the reality is that em's economic growth is at its lowest since the financial crisis of 2008, and the prospect of a u . I omit to say that the record low and negative interest rates in the developed countries have created a frenzy of interest rate reduction and has driven the spirit of the most conservative institutional investors to risk a risky market like em, according to the Bank of England and the analysts. But this is not the reason for em's attractiveness... the fact is that em's economic growth has fallen to its lowest point since the 2008 crisis, and the prospect of a u . . . - monetary tightening is the natural cause of the u . . . – I forgot to say that record low and negative interest rates in the developed countries are fueling a frenzy of interest rate reduction, and has driven the spirit of the most conservative institutional investors to risk a risky market like em, according to the Bank of England and the analysts. But that is not the reason for em’s attraction ... the fact is that em’s economic growth is falling to its lowest since the financial crisis of 2008, and the prospect of a u is natural. I forget to say that the record low and negative interest rates in the developed countries are driving a frenzy of interest rate reduction and has driven the spirit of the most conservative institutional investors to risk the risky em, according to the Bank of England and the analysts. “Employees need, for example, five percent of a year to cover their insurance or pension obligations, that is not the way employees are being reliant on, or if you sit at home, your returns are at risk of being short of their obligations. I forgot to mention that the record low and negative interest rates in the developed countries fuel a frenzy of interest rates and has made the spirit of the most conservative institutional investors risk the risky emerging markets, according to the investment banks and analysts. I forgot to mention that the record low and negative interest rates in the developed countries fuel a frenzy of interest rates and has made the spirit of the most conservative institutional investors risk the risky em, according to the Bank of England and the analysts. I forget to mention that the record low and negative interest rates in the developed countries have created a frenzy of interest rates and has made the spirit of the most conservative institutional investors risk the risky em, according to the Bank of England and the analysts. I forgot to mention that the record low and negative interest rates in the developed countries have created a frenzy of interest rates and has made the spirit of the most conservative institutional investors risk the risky em, according to the Bank of England and the analysts. 'Employees need, for example, five percent of a year to pay their insurance and pensions, not like that, and if you sit at home, your returns are at risk of being short of their obligations.'