 “Many people said they didn’t like okra, but the deer at New Moon Farm, just south of loganville, loves it. They also like green beans, watermelon, cucumbers, and sunflowers . . . And they don’t even wait for the vegetables to grow and the sunflowers to blossom. “Many people said they didn’t like okra, but deer at New Moon Farm, south of Loganville, like it too. They like the green beans, the watermelon, the cucumbers, and the sunflowers. And they don’t even wait for the vegetables to grow and the sunflowers to blossom. That’s what mike moon has been dealing with this year. In the middle of May, he planted some okra about two hundred yards long, and each seed was about ten inches from its neighbor. “Many people said they didn’t like okra, but the deer at New Moon Farm, south of Loganville, love it. They like green beans, watermelon, cucumbers and sunflowers. They don’t even wait for the vegetables to grow and the sunflowers to blossom. That’s what Makai Moon has been working on all this year. He’s been replanting okra about two hundred feet long, and the seeds are about ten inches from the neighboring okra. And no sooner have the plants begun to replant than the deer came in and ate the tender young seedlings. He was very lucky to find himself in a position to get a few okra into his hand at the end of May. When the first of the year came round, he planted about two hundred of them, and the seed was ten inches from its neighbor. And the next day, he replanted the seed and no sooner had the plants replanted than the deer came and ate the young seedlings. Many said they did not like okra, but the deer at New Moon Farm, north of Loganville, loves it. They love green beans, watermelon, cucumbers and sunflowers. They do not even wait for the vegetables to grow and the sunflowers to bloom. Makai Moon has been putting this year’s work to the test. He replants a few hundred yards long, ten inches from their neighbour, and the seeds of okra that neighbor planted have sat about ten inches away. The deer didn’t want to give up his land any more , he wanted to pass it on to his children, and he didn’t give up.