 . . . In 1982, the tylenol bottles of johnson & johnson were recalls, costing the company more than $ 100 million . . . centralizing the procurement process, diversifying the supplier selection and assessing the capabilities of each manufacturing partner will allow the enterprise to limit or eliminate recalls. Seven people were killed in the chicago metropolitan area who were in the vicinity of the recall bottles . . . . . . In 1982 the bottles of tylenol of johnson & johnson were recalled, and cost the company more than 100 million . . . centralizing the procurement process, diversifying the suppliers, assessing the capability of each manufacturing partner, will be able to limit or eliminate recalls. Seven people were killed in the metropolitan area near the bottle-recalls . . . , there were seven fatalities in the city of chicago, in the vicinity of the bottle-recalls . . . not only did bridgestone spend 440 million on the crash, but ford spent more than three billion on the process, not to mention the 600 million lawsuits that were brought against them by people who had sustained severe injuries from the tires or who had been taking legal action on behalf of their deceased relatives . . . In 1982, tylenol bottles were recalled, costing the company more than $ 100 million ... centralizing the procurement, diversifying the suppliers, assessing the capability of each partner, can prevent or stop recalls. Seven people died in the suburbs near the recalls ... in the suburbs there were seven deaths, in the suburbs of the recalls ... In the suburbs of the recalls there were seven deaths ... in the suburbs of the recalls there were seven people killed ... in the suburbs there were seven fatalities ... in the city of chicago, there were seven fatalities. Not only did the contractor pay more than 440 million for the crash, but ford spent more than three billion on it, not to mention the 600 million claims brought against them by people who had suffered severe injuries from the tires or who had come to represent their deceased relatives ... first merck ...