 Twenty-seven provinces were placed under Tropical Cyclone Warning Number 1 yesterday, and supertyphoon Ompong was approaching the philippines. “Typhoon Ompong is only slightly slowing down, and it continues to pass westward over the philippine sea, with maximum sustained winds of 205 km per hour near the center and gusts up to 255 km per hour ... ‘The typhoon Ompong has slowed a little, but it continues to pass westward over the philippine sea, with maximum sustained winds of 205 km per hour near the center, and gusts of 255 km per hour...’ Twenty-seven provinces were warned yesterday of the impending storm of supertyphoon Ompong. ‘It is approaching the philippine sea,’ says Empong. ‘The eye of the typhoon Ompong is located at 725 km east of Virac. “Ompong is a little lower in speed, but it is going westward over the philippines, with gusts of 205 km an hour near the center, and gusts of 255 km an hour.” Twenty-seven provinces were warned yesterday of supertyphoon Ompong. “The typhoon Ompong is approaching the philippines,” said Empong. “Ompong is approaching the philippines,” said Ojosan. “Ompong is approaching the philippines.” “Ompong is just a little bit slowing down, and it will go westward over the philippine sea, with a maximum sustained wind of 205 km per hour near the center and gusts up to 255 km per hour ...” “Ompong is not moving a little yet, but it will go westward over the philippine sea, with a maximum sustained wind of 205 km per hour near the center and a gust of 255 km per hour ... The twenty-seven provinces were warned yesterday of supertyphoon Ompong. “Typhoon Ompong has slowed a little, but it is now heading westward over the philippines, with gusts of 205 kmph near the center and gusts of 255 kmph.” “The typhoon Ompong is approaching the philippines,” said Empong. “The typhoon Ompong is approaching the philippines,” said Ojosan. “Ompong is a little slower, but it is going westward over the philippines, with gusts of 205 kmph near the center and gusts of 255 kmph.” “The typhoon Ompong is slowed down, but it is moving westward over the philippines, with gusts of 205 kmph near the center and gusts of 255 kmph near the center.” “Ompong is approaching the philippines,” said Ojosan. “Ompong is approaching the philippines.”