 There is no easy way to get an apartment with bad credit . . . A lot of large apartment complexes owned by the corporations now require credit checks and will not give you a credit score below FICO. Even if you have sufficient money to pay for the apartment, it will still be refused if you have too low a credit rating . . . But if you have enough money to pay for the apartment, it will still be refused, if you have a low credit score. There is no easy way to get a good apartment with bad credit. A lot of apartments owned by the big corporations now require a credit check, and they will not give you a credit score below FICO. They don’t allow tenants to rent out their apartments for lack of credit, and if you don’t have enough to pay for them, they will let you have a low credit score. There is no easy way to get a good apartment without credit. A lot of apartments of the big corporations now require credit checks and don’t allow tenants to have a low credit score. You can find advertisement for privately owned apartments in the classified section of your newspaper, on the internet at sites like Craigslist and rental.com and also through the real estate agents . . . They are going to have to accept some form of financing from the tenants. Many local people and people of modest means rent out their houses because they have a hard time selling them in the current real estate market. So you can get a very nice apartment at a reasonable price, if you are a good tenant and are willing to keep the place clean and orderly. Even if you have enough money to pay for the apartment, it will still be denied, if you have too low a credit score ... but if you have enough money to pay for the apartment, then it will still be rejected, if you have too low a credit rating. The property is sold in private ownership. There is no easy way to get a good apartment with bad credit. There are many large houses, run by big corporations, that do not require a credit check and do not require a credit score below FICO. There is no easy way to get a good apartment without credit. There are large corporations that require a credit check and will not let you have a low credit score. There are also many small businesses that are renting out their property because they are difficult to sell in the present real estate market. So it is possible to get a very nice apartment for a reasonable price if you are a good tenant and will keep the house clean and orderly. There is no easy way to get a good apartment without credit.