 But if you think the hamas issue isn’t going to change, eu vice-minister Javier Solana, in an interview with the Jerusalem Post, didn’t say unambiguously, in a meeting with the jerusalem post, that the eu should adhere to the three conditions that it had set for a dialogue with the islamists. sent> Solana’s comment came as our special Mideast envoy George Mitchell arrived in israel on what israeli officials described as a “stock taking” mission. But if you think the hamas issue is not going to change, eu vice-minister Javier Solana, in an interview with the Jerusalem Post, did not say, in a meeting with the Jerusalem Post, that the eu should submit to the three conditions it had established for a dialogue with the islamists. Solana’s remarks came just as our special Mideast envoy George Mitchell arrived in israel on what israeli officials described as a “striking” mission. But as operation has sparked, an increasing number of voices in Europe say that this policy is anachronistic, and that a direct dialogue with the hamas must be started directly. But as operations are raging, there are increasing voices in Europe saying that this policy is anachronistic, and that it must be resolved directly with hamas. But if you think that the hamas issue isn’t going to change, eu vice-minister Javier Solana, in an interview with the Jerusalem Post, didn’t say in a meeting with the Jerusalem Post that the eu should submit to the three conditions it had established for a dialogue with the islamists. Solana’s comment came just as our special Mideast envoy George Mitchell arrived in israel on what israeli officials described as a “moving” mission. But as the operation is going on, more voices in Europe say that this policy is anachronistic and that a direct dialogue with the hamas is necessary. Solana’s comment came just as our special Mideast envoy George Mitchell arrived in israel on what israeli officials described as a ‘striking’ mission. But as the campaign is growing, more voices in Europe say that this policy is anachronistic and that a direct dialogue with the hamas must be made immediately. Solana’s comment came just as our special Mideast envoy George Mitchell arrived in israel on what israeli officials described as a “boiling” mission.