 - Sunday was a day of several years in the making of lufkin's first baptist church. After the day of worship the church broke ground on their new building project, and the children gave the service. Just about two years ago the church began to destroy the old chapel in 1928. " Sunday was the first day of several years of the construction of the first church in Lufkin, at which the children gathered. After the service, the church started building a new building and the children took the service. Only two years ago, in 1928, the church began to demolish the old church. The building was destroyed. The children held services there. Sunday was a first day of several years of construction of the first church in Lufkin, at which the children gathered. After the service the church started a new building and the children took part in the service. Almost two years ago, in 1928, the church began to demolish the old church. The building was destroyed. Only two years ago, in 1928, the church began to demolish the old church. The building was destroyed. The children conducted the service there. It was a building which had been put up for a number of years. After the service the church began building a new building and the children took part in the service. "The project is also to create "the great hall reich chandler" which will connect the new boarding house and the church. Sunday was a first day of several years of building the first baptist church in Lufkin, and after the service the church broke ground on the new church building, and the children took part in the service. It was a building that had been standing for a long time. The church was destroyed two years ago, in 1928. The children took part in the service. It was the first day of several years of building the first church in Lufkin, at which the children took part. After the service the church started to build a new church, and the children took part in the service. About two years ago, in 1928, the church began to destroy the old church. Almost two years ago, in 1928, the church began to destroy the old church. The children conducted services there. After the service the church began to build a new church, and the children took part in it.