 This day to celebrate education and reading was held at Fort Saskatchewan, as students from St. John’s li were taking part in a global event. This was the day for celebrating the celebration of literacy and education at Fort Saskatchewan, as students from St. John’s were taking part in a global event. . . . john xxii filled the gymnasium to listen to principle bonnie lynne read . . . boehm read to the entire school, helen and thomas- docherty. The day of education and reading was observed at Fort Saskatchewan, as students from St. John’s took part in a global event. This was the day for the celebration of literacy and reading, as students from St. John’s took part in a global event. . . . Marya Morales is a student at St. John’s . . . It was the day to celebrate literacy and reading at Fort Saskatchewan, as students from St. John’s took part in a global event. The children were taken to a quiet place where they were able to enjoy a few more stories read to them by various staff. It was a day to celebrate education and reading at Fort Saskatchewan, as students from St. John’s took part in a global event. The children were taken to a quiet place, where they could enjoy a few more stories from various staff. It was a day to celebrate education and reading at Fort Saskatchewan, as students from St. John’s took part in a global event. Marya Morales is a student at St. John’s . . . It was a day to celebrate education and reading, as students from St. John’s took part in a global event. . . . It was a day of celebration of literacy and reading, as students from St. John’s took part in a global event. I was here to tell you that it was a celebration of reading and learning at Fort Saskatchewan, as the students from St. John's took part in a global event. Marya Morales was a student at St. John's... a decade passed since the first read aloud, with the principal's 'a story can take you anywhere, and you can do it everywhere,' - he said to the whole school, helen and thomas-sicherty. It was a celebration of reading and learning at Fort Saskatchewan, as the students from St. John's took part in a global event. It was a day to celebrate literacy and reading, as the students from St. John's took part in a global event. It was a day to celebrate literacy and reading, as the students from St. John's took part in a global event. The children were taken to a quiet place where they could enjoy a few more stories from various staff. It was a day for literacy and reading, as the students from St. John's took part in a global event.