 . . . i'm obliged to announce a bill in the Senate that would adversely affect private preschools in california. This bill is called SB 837 or the 'Kindergarten Responsibility Act of 2014'. It is written with good intentions, but the execution is a matter of course. . . . I have to announce a bill in the Senate that would affect private preschools in california, it is called SB 837, or the “Kindergarten Responsibility Act of 2014,” and it is written with good intentions, but the execution is only an event of course. The bill by state senator darrell steinberg, who was not a member of the Senate, was a proposal to create free preschool for all 4-year-olds, a fine idea. Because of the way the author and co-authors have selected to raise the bill, it places these 4-year-olds in our public schools . I am obliged to report in the Senate a bill that would affect private preschools in california, it is called SB 837 or the ‘Kindergarten Responsibility Act of 2014’, and it is written with good intentions, but it is not an event of course. The bill by state senator darrell steinberg, who is not a senator, was a proposal to provide free preschool to all four-year-olds, a fine idea. And because of the way the author and co-authors have proceeded to raise the bill, it puts these four-year-olds in our public schools ... I have to report a bill in the Senate that will adversely affect private preschools in california, it is called SB 837, or the “Kindergarten Responsibility Act of 2014,” and it is written with good intentions, but execution is of course necessary. ... I have to report a bill in the Senate that would affect private schools in california, this bill is called SB 837 or the “Kindergarten Responsibility Act of 2014,” and it is written with good intentions, but it is not an event. I have to report a bill in the Senate that would affect private schools in california, it is called SB 837 or the “Kindergarten Responsibility Act of 2014”, and it is written with good intentions, but it is not an event. The bill by senator darrell steinberg, who is not a senator, was a proposal to create free preschool for all four-year-olds, a fine idea. And the author and co-authors have decided to file the bill, so these four-year-olds are in our public schools. . . . I have to report a bill in the Senate that will affect private preschools in california, it is called SB 837, or Kindergarten Responsibility Act, and it is written with good intentions, but execution is necessary. . . . I have to report a bill in the Senate that will affect private preschools in california, it is called SB 837, or Kindergarten Responsibility Act, and it is written with good intentions, but it is not an event of course. . . . I have to report a bill in the Senate that will affect private preschools in california, it is called SB 837, or the Kindergarten Responsibility Act, and it is written with good intentions, but it is not an event. I have to report a bill in the Senate that will affect private preschools in california, it is called SB 837, or the Kindergarten Responsibility Act, and it is written with good intentions, but it is not an event. The bill by senator darrell steinberg, who was not a senator, was a proposal to give free preschool to all four-year-olds, a good idea; and the author and co-authors raised the bill, so that these four-year-olds are in public schools ... I have to report a bill in the Senate that will affect private schools in california, it is called SB 837 or the Kindergarten Responsibility Act, and it is written with good intentions, but it is not an event. I have to report a bill in the Senate that will affect private schools in california, it is called SB 837 or the Kindergarten Responsibility Act, and it is written with good intentions, but it is not an event. . . . The bill by state senator darrell steinberg, who is not a senator, was a proposal to create free preschool for all four-year-olds, a great idea; and because of the way the author and co-authors have brought up the bill, it puts these four-year-olds in our public schools ...