 ‘When it comes to fantasies,’ gaughan says, ‘there’s no harm in it.’ ‘We have so many people connected with the cars . . .’ "In fantasy, I don't see a problem," said gaughan. "We have so many people in the automobiles . . . " i think integrity is a huge part of it, o' donnell said. The effective dominance of sports betting ended last spring, when the Supreme Court ruled that the prohibition should be lifted. In seven other states - rhode island, delaware, mississippi, new jersey, pennsylvania, west virginia and new mexico - players are gambling in sports. “When it comes to fantasy,” said Gaughan, “there’s no harm in it. In fact, I’m sure integrity is a huge part of it,” said o’ donnell. “I don’t see a problem in fantasy,” said Gaughan, “we have so many people connected with cars. We have so many people in cars ... and we have so many people in the automobiles ... “ I think integrity is a great part of it, o’ donnell said. The effective dominance of sports gambling ended last spring, when the Supreme Court ruled that the ban should be lifted. In seven other states - rhode island, delaware, mississippi, new jersey, pennsylvania, west virginia, new mexico - there are gambling in sports in seven other states. The list of states is expected to grow over the coming year, and several states are in the process of passing legislation. “In fantasy,” said Gaughan, “there is no harm. We have so many people in cars. We have so many people in cars. . . . I believe integrity is a great part of it,” said o’ donnell. “When it comes to fantasy,” said Gaughan, “there is no harm in it. In seven other states—rhode island, delaware, mississippi, new jersey, pennsylvania, west virginia and new mexico—everyone plays sports. The effective dominance of sports gambling ended last spring when the Supreme Court ruled that the ban should be lifted; in seven other states—rhode island, delaware, mississippi, new jersey, pennsylvania, west virginia and new mexico—everyone plays sports. The list of states is bound to grow over the next year, and several states are in the process of passing laws. I think integrity is a great part of it, o’ donnell.