 (Champions) fan-boys have been discussing for years the fate of Jon snow since that fifth season finale, but actor Kit Harington has perhaps slammed us all on the head. . . . [6] Kit had revealed that he had not been filming thrones for some time. . . . [7] In the last nine months, fans have been talking about it with the most violent regret. “Champions” fan-boys have been talking about Jon Snow’s fate for years, but actor Kit Harington has slapped us on the cheek for nine months. During the last nine months, the most violent regrets were heard. Kit had explained that he had not been filming thrones for a long time. “I hoped that there would be an outcry of ‘Why?’ and ‘Oh, no, no,’ rather than ‘thank God,’ and that was the right reaction to me!’ ‘The kings’ fans have been discussing Jon Snow’s fate for years, but actor Kit Harington has slapped us on the cheek for nine months. For nine months fans have been discussing it with the most violent regret. ‘I hoped that there would be a cry, ‘Why?’, ‘No, no,’ instead of ‘thank God,’ and that was just the right remark. ‘ The kings’ fan-boys have been discussing Jon Snow’s fate for years, but actor Kit Harington has slapped us on the cheek for nine months. For nine months now fans have been talking about it with the most violent regret. They had been talking about it for years, but actor Kit Harington has slapped us on the cheek for nine months. In those nine months the most resentful regrets were heard. ‘I hoped there would be a cry of ‘Why?’ and ‘Oh no, no!’ rather than ‘thank God!’ “Champions” fanboys have been discussing Jon Snow’s fate for years, but actor Kit Harington has slapped us on the cheek for nine months. For nine months fans have been talking about it with the most violent regret. For nine months now, fans have been talking about it with the most violent regret. Kings’ fans have been talking about Jon Snow’s fate for years, but actor Kit Harington has slapped us on the cheek for nine months. For nine months now, the most resentful regrets have been heard. “I hoped there would be an outcry, ‘Why?’ and ‘Oh, no, no!’ instead of ‘thank God’. That was the right thing to say.” “I hoped that there would be an outcry, ‘Why?’ and ‘Oh no, no!’ instead of ‘thank God!’ “I hoped that there would be an outcry, ‘Why?’ and ‘Oh no, no!’ instead of ‘thank God!’ for nine months the most resentful regrets were heard. The kings’ fanboys have been discussing Jon Snow’s fate for years, but Kit Harington has slapped us on the cheek for nine months. — the kings' fans have been discussing Jon Snow's fate for years, but actor Kit Harington has slapped us on the cheek for nine months. For nine months, the most resentful regrets have been heard. " I hoped that there would be an outcry, why?" and "why?" instead of "thank God" , and that was just the right comment. "The kings' fans have been discussing Jon Snow's fate for years, but actor Kit Harington has slapped us on the cheek for nine months. For nine months, the most resentful regrets were heard. The kings' fans have been discussing Jon Snow's fate for years, but actor Kit Harington has slapped us on the cheek for nine months. Nine months ago, the most resentful regrets were heard. "I hoped there would be an outcry, "why?" "No, no," instead of "thank God," for nine months, the most resentful regrets were heard. The kings' fans have been talking about Jon Snow's fate for years, but actor Kit Harington has slapped us on the cheek for nine months. During the last nine months, the most resentful regrets were heard. " I hoped that there would be an outcry, "Why?" and "Why?" instead of "thank God!" "Why?" "Why?" "Why?" "Why?" "Why?" "Why?" "Why?" "No, no," "thank God," and that was the right word. "