 “One report this weekend by axios cited documents from the national security council which referred to the possibility —nay, inevitability — of the nay, inevitable creation of a 5G network, built and operated by the United State Government ... “One report this weekend from axios cited a report from the national security council, which said that the government was considering a 5G network, which would be built and run by the United State. ... Officials have made their utmost efforts to defend this idea and truly, it was not possible ... In short, the report that axios quoted suggested that the only way to fully protect the next generation of wireless networks, on which critical infrastructure like self-driving cars are built, is for the government to build the network on its own. One report this weekend by axios quoted documents from the National Security Council, which indicated that the government was considering a 5G network, built and run by the United State. The reports that axios cited were those from the National Security Council, which indicated the possibility—nay, the inevitable—of the nay, inevitable creation of a 5G network built and run by the United State. ... In short, the report axios quoted suggested that the only way to protect the next generation of wireless networks, of which critical infrastructure, like self-driving cars, is to build them on the ground. ... the idea of the government operating separately but in conjunction with the commercial networks is not the sort of thing that should be proposed, since these companies, as well as other companies around the world, are working on the 5G network. . . . - One report this weekend quoted a report from the National Security Council, which indicated that the government was considering a 5G network, built and run by the United State. The reports that axios quoted were those from the National Security Council, which indicated that the government was considering a 5G network, built and run by the United State. The reports that axios quoted were those from the National Security Council, which indicated that the government was considering a 5G network, built and run by the United State. The officials made their greatest efforts to defend this idea and, really, it was not possible ... In short, the report that axios quoted suggested that the only way to defend the next generation of wireless networks, in which critical infrastructure like self-driving cars are built, is to build them on the ground. . . . In fact, the report that axios quoted said that the government, on its own initiative, should not attempt to establish a 5G network without commercial networks.