 But the "Paradise" will open the stanley Cup playoffs next week in the Predators' Stadium. The considerable success of the Predators' surprising victory in the last season can be attributed to its novelty. But the “Paradise” will start the Stanley Cup playoffs next week in the Predators’ Stadium. The humbling success of the Predators in the last season is owed to its novelty. The fans, whose numbers grew and caught the attention of the international audience, gathered outside the bridgestone arena. From noble gatherings of fans, to grand theatrical-go-rounds, a regular fan base became established. “I think it was a great lightning in a bottle thing,” scott barry, better known as “the ultimate predator” , he said. But the Palais will open the Stanley Cup playoffs next week in the Palais. The great success of the Predators’ surprise victory last season can be attributed to its novelty. The humbling success of the Predators in the last season is attributed to its novelty. But the Palais will open the Stanley Cup playoffs next week in the Palais. The Fans, whose numbers increased and the attention of the international audience gathered outside the bridge-point. “I think it was a great lightning in a bottle,” Scott barry, better known as the “superior predator” , said. “There were many firsts, and everybody wanted to be a part of the first, and had to be a part of the excitement . . . “This was the first . . .” But the Palace will open the Stanley Cup playoffs next week in the Palace. But the Palace will open the Stanley Cup playoffs next week in the Palace. The enormous success of the Predators' surprising victory last season can be attributed to its novelty. But the Palace will open the Stanley Cup playoffs next week in the Palace. The spectacular success of the Predators in the last season can be attributed to its novelty. The great success of the Palace in the last season can be attributed to its novelty. The number of fans, whose numbers grew, and the attention of the international audience, gathered outside the bridge-stone. "I think it was a lightning-in-a-bottle," said Scott barry, better known as the "prefective predator" . "There were many firsts, and everybody wanted to be a part of the first, and it was necessary to be part of the excitement. The Plassar will start the Stanley Cup playoffs next week in the Palace.