 - When you address a business envelope correctly, you ensure that the letter gets to its intended recipient in a timely manner. - That is, it is necessary to follow the usual conventions for addressing letters, especially if you are addressing a large company with many departments . ‘To properly address a business envelope is to assure that the letter will reach its intended recipient in a timely manner.’ ‘When you address a business envelope in the correct way, you ensure that it is delivered promptly to its intended recipient. You should therefore, when you address a business envelope, adhere to the same conventions. If you use the same convention in every business envelope, you will soon learn how to address the envelope. “To correctly address a business envelope is to assure that the envelope will be sent to its intended recipient on time.” “If the United States Postal Service returns the envelope for any reason, the mailroom can easily re-route it back to you if your name is prominently written on the envelope. So, in addressing a business envelope, you should abide by the same conventions. You must therefore, in the address of the envelope, follow the same convention. If you use the same convention in every envelope, you will soon learn to address the envelope. “When you address a business envelope correctly, you assure that the envelope will be delivered to its intended recipient on time.” – When you address a business envelope correctly, you assure that the envelope will be sent to its intended recipient on time. “The proper way to address a business envelope is to assure that the envelope will be promptly delivered to the intended recipient.” “When you address a business envelope correctly, you assure that the envelope will be sent to its intended recipient on time.” Then, when you address the envelope, you follow the same rules, if you follow the same rules in every envelope, you will soon learn how to address the envelope. You must therefore, when you address the envelope, follow the same rules. If you follow the same rules in every envelope, you will soon learn how to address the envelope. You should therefore, in the address of the envelope, follow the same rules. " When you address a business envelope correctly, you assure that it will be sent to its intended recipient on time. "Then when you address a business envelope correctly, you assure that the envelope will be sent to its intended recipient on time. " To properly address a business envelope is to assure that the envelope will be promptly delivered to the intended recipient. You must therefore address the envelope as soon as possible; if you address the envelope as soon as possible, you will learn to address the envelope. When you address a business envelope correctly, you assure that the envelope will be delivered to its intended recipient on time. Then when you address the envelope, you follow the same rules; if you follow the same rules in every envelope, you will soon learn to address the envelope. Then, when you address the envelope, you follow the same rules; if you follow the same rules in every envelope, you will soon learn to address the envelope. When you address the envelope correctly, you assure that the envelope will be delivered to the intended recipient on time. Then when you address the envelope, you follow the same rules; if you follow the same rules in every envelope, you will soon learn to address the envelope.