 the day jeff deardorff had been longing for, the day is here. The annual amateur draft, in the field of baseball, begins today, and by all means deardorff is not to wait long for the phone to ring. The most pessimistic of scenarios would be to have him taken in the fifth round. The yearly amateur draft, which is the field of baseball, begins today, and deardorff has not long to wait for the telegram to ring. The most optimistic is a first round selection. The most ominous is a first round selection. Baseball america has selected deardorff, a senior at South Lake High School, as the 54th overall pick, which would make him a second-round choice. The annual amateur draft, which is baseball, begins today, and deardorff is not to be waiting long for the telegram. The most optimistic is a first round selection. The most dreadful is a first round selection. The annual amateur draft, which is baseball, begins today, and deardorff does not have to wait for the telegram to ring. The most pessimistic is the fifth round selection. Deardorff, though, is not so much frightened of where and even if he will be taken. “I have no idea,” he said. “I can’t even tell you where he will be taken , he said, “but i don’t want to tell you anything if it doesn’t happen.” This is the day jeff deardorff longed for, and it is here. Baseball america has selected deardorff, a junior at South Lake High School, as the 54th overall pick, which makes him a second-round choice. The annual amateur draft, which is baseball, begins today, and deardorff does not have to wait for the telegram to ring. The most optimistic is a first-round selection. The most dreadful is a first-round selection. The annual amateur draft, which is baseball, begins today, and deardorff does not have to wait for the telegram. The most dreadful is a first-round selection. But deardorff, though, is not so much frightened about where and even if he is going to be taken. “I don’t know,” he said, “I can’t even tell you where he’s going, but I’ll not tell you anything if it’s not going to happen.” But South Lake baseball coach mike crawford thinks deardorff will achieve his long-term goal.