 before Sap Labs’ new digs in Palo Alto, a committee of its employees consulted its workers about making the place welcoming to work . . . after all, it’s where they spend most of their day . . . “Before Sap Labs opened its new home in Palo Alto, a committee of its workers spoke to Sap Labs’s workers about how to make it comfortable for them to work ... after all, it’s where they spend most of their day ... windows. Lots of windows letting in lots of light ... “Before Sap Labs’s new headquarters in Palo Alto was opened, a committee of its workers discussed with Sap Labs’ workers how they might make the office more pleasant for them to work ... after all, they spend most of their day there ... windows. Lots of windows, which let in a lot of light ... as the country has adopted green building, either in the workplace or at home ... not only does it save energy – more sunlight means less bulbs – but scientific research proves that people who have access to natural light are better ...’ Before Sap Labs opened its new premises in Palo Alto, a committee of its workers spoke to Sap Labs’ workers about how they might make the office more comfortable for them ... after all, they spend most of their time there ... windows. Before Sap Labs’ new premises in Palo Alto was opened, a committee of its workers was in discussion with Sap Labs’ workers about how they might make it more pleasant for them to work ... after all, they spend most of their time there ... windows. As the country has adopted green building, whether at work or at home ... not only does it save energy—more sunlight means less bulbs—but scientific research proves that people who have access to natural light are better off ...’ Before Sap Labs' new digs in Palo Alto, a committee of its workers had consulted its workers on how to make it pleasant for them to work there ... there they spend most of their day ... windows. Before Sap Labs' new digs in Palo Alto, a committee of its workers had consulted with Sap Labs' workers about how they might make the office more pleasant for them to work there ... because they spend most of their time there ... windows. Before Sap Labs' new digs in Palo Alto, a committee of its workers had consulted with Sap Labs' workers on how to make it more pleasant for them to work there ... because they spend most of their day there ... windows. Before Sap Labs' new digs in Palo Alto, a committee of its workers had discussed with Sap Labs' workers on how they might make the office more pleasant for them ... because they spend most of their time there ... windows. As the country has adopted green buildings, either in the workplace or in the home ... not only does it save energy - more sunlight means less bulbs - but scientific research proves that people who have access to natural light are better off.