 sent>wait, did Trump’s epa do its job for a change? volvo ’s all—the electric truck, the volvo fl electric. . . . isn't this volvo just like other epa, you see, flint, and vovo electric? The EPA announced today that it plans to improve the regulation of diesel-oiling in trucks. Yes, this is the same epa that wants to keep coal-power plants alive, that they are going to revoke the hazardous gas regulations and are not concerned about fuel efficiency. However, what’s more, the EPA has announced that it’s going to increase the regulation of diesel oil in trucking. Yes, this is the same EPA that wants to keep coal power plants going, and that they’re going to remove hazardous gas from trucks, and they don’t care about fuel efficiency. Well, do we really want to make things worse for the EPA? You know, if we squint, maybe, just a bit of a squint! And maybe the Volvo’s not so much the same as other EPAs, you see, flint, and vovo electric? But this is the same EPA that wants to keep coal-power plants running, that they are revoked the hazardous gas regulations and do not care about fuel efficiency. Now, do we really want to make the EPA worse? And if we squint, maybe, only a little, maybe, a little! . . . nitrous oxide, a form of nitrogen oxide, also warms the world, accounting for six percent of the U.S. , does not it? does not this volvo like other EPAs, you know, flint, vovo electric? Isn't this volvo as good as other EPAs, flint, vovo electric? The EPA announced today that it would improve the regulation of diesel oil in trucks. Yes, this is the same EPA that wants to keep coal power plants going, and that it will be removed from trucks and they do not care about fuel efficiency. , it’s the same EPA that wants to keep coal-power plants going, it’s the EPA that wants to remove hazardous gases from trucks and don’t care about fuel efficiency. But this is the same EPA that wants to keep coal-power plants going, it’s revoked hazardous gas regulations and doesn’t care about fuel efficiency. And if you squint, perhaps, only a little, maybe, a little! ... The EPA announced today that it will improve diesel-oil in trucks. Yes, this is the same EPA that wants to keep coal-power plants going, and that it will remove hazardous gases from trucks, and it doesn’t care about fuel efficiency. But do you really want the EPA to get worse? The EPA has announced that it will improve diesel-oil in trucks, too. It is the same EPA that wants to keep coal-power plants going, it will revoke hazardous-gas regulations and don’t care about fuel efficiency. . . . And perhaps the Volvo isn’t so much the same as other EPAs, you know, flint, vovo electric? . . . isn’t this EPA as good as other EPAs, flint, vovo electric?