 In this affair, diamond food . . . has entered into a purchase agreement with kettle food . . . the San Francisco company announced today. diamond also paid an indenture to kettle's parent, lion Capital . . ., $55 million in cash for the salem snacking establishment . . . I’m talking about a deal with Diamond food ... the company announced in San Francisco today. Diamond also secured in the deal with the bank, lion capital, a payment of $55 million for the disposition of a salem snacking establishment ... – “In this transaction, diamond food ... has entered into an agreement with kettle food ... it is all natural chips, nut butters, trail mix, which are sold throughout the whole of north america, south america, guam and western europe. The company had sales of $ 235 million in 2008, according to the website of lion capital. In this transaction, diamond food ... entered into an agreement with kettle ... , the company announced today in San Francisco. It's a purchase of kettle ... it is all natural chips, nuts, trail mixes, which are sold throughout the whole of north america, south america, guam, western europe. Diamond food also secured a loan from the bank lion capital for the sale of the kettle ... "It is a transaction between diamond and kettle, "the San Francisco company announced today. " In this transaction, diamond food ... has entered into an agreement with kettle ... it is all natural chips, nut butters, trail mix, which are sold in all parts of north america, south america, guam and western europe. In 2008, according to the website of lion capital, it had sales of $ 235 million. Diamond food ... entered into an agreement with kettle ... the San Francisco company announced today. Diamond also signed an agreement with the bank, lion capital ... for the disposition of a kettle ... - this is a purchase by diamond ... it is all natural chips, nuts, trail mix, which is sold in all parts of north america, south america, guam and western europe. In this transaction, diamond food ... entered into an agreement with kettle ... it is all natural chips, nuts, trail mix, which is sold in all parts of north america, south america, guam and western europe. In 2008, according to the website of lion-capital, it was worth 235 million. In this transaction, diamond food ... entered into an agreement with kettle ... it is all natural chips, nuts, trail mix, which are sold throughout the whole of north america, south america, guam and western europe. In this connection, diamond food ... entered into an agreement with kettle ... it is all natural chips, nuts, trail mix, which are sold in all parts of north america, south america, guam and western europe. In 2008, according to the website of lion capital, it sold $ 235 million.