 Now, hair loss is no longer inevitable, a inevitable march to baldness. Medical advancements in recent years have helped us treat male pattern baldness, and we do not have to pay for it. Now, there’s no need to go bald anymore. Since medical advancements of recent years have been made in treating the male pattern baldness, it’s not a cost-intensive procedure. A unique case of baldness: two identical twins grow bald at the same age, their regularity and their disease, irrespective of diet, lifestyle, stress. There are five genes in the baldness phenotype. The interplay between these genes, which is like the interplay between the cards in a poker hand, determines the nature of the pattern of male pattern baldness. There is no need to go bald anymore. Because of the recent advances in medical treatment for male pattern baldness, the treatment is not expensive. Especially now, when the health of our body is not a dreaded, the loss of hair is not inevitable, it is an inevitable scurry to baldness. So what is the treatment? There are five genes in the baldness phenotype, and the interaction between these genes, which is like the interplay of cards in a poker game, determines the pattern of the baldness. Finasteride is a prescription drug for medical use approved by the government, which dermatologists and general practitioners have been prescribing for more than 15 years for the treatment of hair loss. It works by stopping the metabolism of testosterone to dihydrotestosterone in the prostate, by inhibiting an enzyme called 5-alpha reductase ... There are five genes in the baldness phenotype, and the interaction of these genes, as with cards in a game of cards, determines the nature of the baldness. The cure is the recent advances in medical science, and it is not a high-cost remedy. The beauty of the new treatment for baldness is no longer inevitable, a certainty of baldness. In recent years medical progress has led to the treatment of male pattern baldness, and there is no cost. It is no longer necessary to go bald. Now it is no longer necessary to go bald. Because of the recent advances in the treatment of baldness, the treatment is not expensive. There are five genes in the baldness phenotype, and the interaction between these genes, as in a game, determines the pattern of baldness. Moreover, since health of our body is not dreadful, the loss of hair is not inevitable, but it is inevitable. There are five genes in the baldness phenotype, and the interaction between these genes, as in a game, determines the pattern of baldness. Finasteride is a prescription drug for medical use approved by the government, and for more than 15 years it has been prescribed by dermatologists and general practitioners for the treatment of hair loss.