 And facebook users who had seen their oxen die while crossing a river, or the time when M. T. pockets took the nile’s banks , they will be pleased to hear that the oregon trail and the cartmen sandiego are resurrected on the popular social network ...’ And those who have seen their oxen die crossing a river or the time when M. T. pockets took the nile, they will be delighted to hear that the oregon trail and the cartmen sandiego have come to life again on the popular social network ...’ (In short, the oregon trail was launched on 2 February and the cartmen sandiego in the world was launched today, 5 February ...) And facebook users who had seen their oxen dying crossing the river, or when M. T. pockets took the river, they will be pleased to hear that the oregon trail and the cartman sandiego have been revived on the popular social network . . . ” (in short, the oregon trail was introduced on February 2, and the cartman sandiego in the world was launched on February 5, in short . . . ) To give you an idea of the longevity of these games, take the oregon trail, developed by a group of college students in 1971, 40 years ago, and debuted on the ii in 1981, thirty years ago, and it has been running since . . . . (In a word, the oregon trail was launched on February 2, and the cartman sandiego in the world was launched today, 5 February ...) And those who have seen their oxen cross a river or when M. T. pockets has taken the nile will be pleased to hear that the oregon trail and the cartman sandiego are resurrected on the popular social network. . . . And those who have seen their oxen cross a river, or when M. T. pockets has taken the river, they will be glad to hear that the oregon trail and the cartman sandiego have been revived on the popular social network . . . . In order to give you an idea of the longevity of these games, take the oregon trail, developed by a group of college students in 1971, and debuted on the ii in 1981, thirty years ago, and it has been running for over twenty years. (In short, the oregon trail was launched on February 2, and the cartman sandiego in the world was launched on February 5, in short)