 But we’re all feeling a little lost, aren’t we? Another mass shooting ... h-hum ... But it's all a little lost to us, aren't we? A mass shooting again . . . H-hum . . . Congress will do nothing to tighten gun laws . . . The political activists who advocate stronger gun laws will be thrown out of office . . . Yet, isn't it, that we are all a little confused? Congress will do nothing to tighten gun laws ... The political activists who advocate stronger gun laws will be fired ... But we are all a little confused, aren't we? A mass shooting ... H-hum ... Congress will do nothing to strengthen gun laws ... The mental ill will continue to puddle through (with or without obamacare ) . Background checks for military contractors will never be up to scratch. And we are all confused, aren't we? Congress will not enact any new gun laws ... the political activists who advocate the enactment of new gun laws will be fired ... but we are all confused, aren't we? Congress will not enact any new gun laws ... The political activists who advocate new gun laws will be fired ... But we are all confused, aren't we? Mass shooting again ... h-hum ... Congress will not enact any new gun laws ... but political activists who promote new gun laws will be fired ... but we are all confused, aren't we? we are so sorry for the victims and their families (especially for the children at sandy hook elementary school ) ... but they are all very sorry for the victims and their families ... they are so very sorry for the victims and their families (especially for the children at the sandy hook elementary school ) ... but they are all confused, aren't they? And we’re all a little confused, aren’t we? Congress won’t enact any new laws, the political activists who advocate enacting new laws will be fired... but we’re all a little confused, aren’t we? Congress won’t enact any new laws... the political activists who advocate enacting new laws will be fired... but we’re all a little confused, aren’t we? Another mass shooting... h-hum... Congress won’t enact any new laws... the political activists who advocate new laws will be fired... but we’re all confused, aren’t we? There’s just a horrible story about Gabby ... we’re so sorry for the victims and their families (especially the children at Sandy Hook Elementary) ... but they’re all very sorry for the victims and their families (especially the children at Sandy Hook Elementary) ... but they’re all confused, aren’t they?