 ‘Had i really just decided to have fish and chips for lunch? ... Human beings have been wrestling with these questions for millennia ...’ “Had i really just decided to have fish and chips for lunch? Humans have been tinkering with these questions for millennia... ‘ Had i really just decided to have fish and chips for lunch? .. Who is it who decided to have fish and chips for lunch? .. unfortunately, the answer is not very simple. “ Had I really just decided to have fish and chips for lunch? ... Humans have been tinkering with these questions for ages ... Who did you decide to have fish and chips for lunch?... Your gut will tell you that you are a conscious being, and that you are a conscious creature, but that physical body includes the brain that creates your consciousness ... and there is no dividing of the two ... “Had I really just decided to have fish and chips for lunch?... Who has decided to have fish and chips for lunch?... We know, for instance, that any sense we have of being in control of our actions is, to some extent, an illusion. ‘Had I really just decided to have fish and chips for lunch?... Humans have been thinking about these questions for millennia... - had I really just decided to have fish and chips for lunch?... Humans have been tinkering with these questions for centuries... But who have you decided to have fish and chips for lunch?... The gut will tell you that you are a conscious being, and that you are a conscious being, but that physical body includes the brain that creates your consciousness ... there is no division of the two... » » » metaphysics special: what is consciousness? - we do know that any sense of being in control of our actions is, in some degree, a illusion ... . . . If I had really just decided to have fish and chips for lunch? . . . Humans have been thinking about these questions for millennia. “Had I really just decided to have fish and chips for lunch? . . . . People have been tinkering with these questions for millennia . . . Have I really just decided to have fish and chips for lunch? . . . . People have been thinking about these questions for millennia . . . Hast I really just decided to have fish and chips for lunch? . . . Why are we so sure that the sense of having control over our actions is, to some extent, an illusion . . . .