 . . . what is the latest technology, the latest software, the latest hardware and systems for your legal business, — news of legal technology, software, hardware and systems designed to make your legal business more efficient and profitable — News of technology in law firms, software, hardware and systems that make your firm more efficient and profitable. Unfortunately, our computing equipment has been designed to work with keyboards, mice, and most recently with fingers . . . It's not surprising that in the world of law firms, the most adopted systems are the smallest ones . . . The newest software, the latest hardware and systems are available. . . . News of technology in law firms, software, hardware and systems that make your legal business more efficient and profitable. Unfortunately, our computing equipment has been designed for keyboards, mice and even fingers . . . typing, mousing or gesturing imposes a rigid interaction that doesn't work well with voice . . . so voice systems have been restricted to platforms . . . Well, we have a lot of new technology, the latest software, the latest hardware, and systems for your legal business ... News of the latest technology, the latest software, the latest hardware, the systems that make your legal business more efficient and profitable ... we have to be careful, because we have a lot of hardware and software ... we don't know how to do this, because we have to do it, because we are busy with our work. Our computing devices are also used for keyboards, mice, and, more recently, with fingers ... It's not surprising that in the legal world, the most adopted systems are the smallest ones ... An innovative lawyer, running a small firm, can decide on matters without the delays that accompany large firms ... here is the latest technology, software, hardware, and systems for your legal business ... unfortunately, our equipment is designed for keyboards, mice, and even fingers ... typing, mousing, gesturing imposes rigid interaction, which doesn't work with voice ... so voice systems are limited to platforms ...