 “He’s a beautiful, talkative, fun, and lively little blue parakeet, in search of a loving guardian. He flew to the back of a house in chicago, and landed on a man’s shoulder. He called him Jakob, but the children decided not to keep the bird, so I took her in. "He's a beautiful, chattering, fun-loving little blue parrot looking for his friend. He flew to the back of a house in chicago, landed on a man's shoulder. He called him Jakob, but the children were not willing to take the bird in, so I took it in. I understand that a parrot can live twenty years, and taking a bird, like any pet, is not for the faintest of hearts . . . “He’s a beautiful, witticism, playful, and daring little blue parakeet looking for a friend. He flew to the back of a house in chicago, landed on a man’s shoulder. He called him Jakob, but the children did not want the bird, so I took it in. I understand that a parrot can live twenty years, and that taking a parrot is not for the faintest of hearts . . . . . Feel free to read up on parrot care before stepping in . . . "He is a beautiful, talkative, fun-loving little blue parrot looking for a friend. He flew to the back of a house in chicago and landed on a man's shoulder. He called him Jakob, but the children did not want to keep the bird, so I took it. " Read on for a moment the parrot's care. I understand that a parrot can live twenty years and that a parrot is not for the faintest of hearts. . . . If you are interested in meeting and possibly adopting jake, please contact me directly at sheri@petraits. com or call 773-777-2891 . . . well, if you are interested in adopting jake, please contact me directly at sally f. " " He is a beautiful, chattering, and cheerful little blue paraket in search of a loving person. He flew to the back of a house in chicago and landed on a man's shoulder. He called himself Jakob, but the children did not want to keep the bird, so I took it. He is a lovely, chattering, fun-loving little blue paraket in search of a friend. He flew to the back of a house in chicago and landed on a man's shoulder. He called himself Jakob, but the children did not want to keep the bird, so I took it in. I understand that a parrot can live for twenty years and that a parrot is not for the faintest of hearts ... if you want to meet and possibly adopt a jake, please contact me directly at sheri@petraits.com , or call 773-777-2891 ... if you want to adopt a jake, please call me at sally f.