 greg abbott refused to take sides on wednesday in a continuing debate over the best way to reduce taxes and he moved away from his earlier promise to “commit” that the legislature cut property taxes before the session ends on june 1. . . . - Editorial Note: this story has been updated with comments from lt . greg abbott refused to take sides in the debate on the best way to cut taxes, and he moved away from his earlier promise to “commit” to a reduction of taxes before the session is over on June 1. . . . ‘Abbott refused to take sides in a heated debate about how best to cut taxes, and he hasn’t been able to do so since he had made an earlier commitment to “commit” to cutting taxes before the session is over on June 1. ... at a press conference held on the dreaded 15th of april, abbott hailed the heated debate about taxes as a sign of fiscal health in other states. . . . greg abbott said he still feels the property taxes are too high, and noted that it’s still on the table . . . greg abbott refused to take sides in a heated debate about how to reduce taxes and he had not been able to do so since he had earlier made a commitment to cut taxes before the session ended on June 1. . . . at a press conference held on the dreadful 15th of april, abbott praised the heated debate about taxes as a sign of health in other states . . . greg abbott said he still feels that the tax on the property is too high and that it is still under consideration . . . ” he said about the $ two-and-a-half billion bill of revenue that lt. . . . . The reader is advised that this is a quote from lt. greg abbott did not take sides in a heated debate on the best way to reduce taxes, and he did not take sides in the earlier pledge to reduce taxes before the session was over. . . . greg abbott said he still feels that the taxes are too high, and that it is still under consideration . . . . . . greg abbott said he still feels that the tax is too high and that it is still under consideration . . . . at a press conference held on the dreadful 15th of April, abbott praised the heated debate on taxes as a sign of health in other states. . . . greg abbott said he still feels that the taxes are too high and that it is still under consideration . . . .