 ‘In the first place, they’ve bought skyera, the fledgling flash disk manufacturer. Now wd’s hgst unit is purchasing amplidata, a scale-out object storage software vendor. Is the world’s largest disk drive vendor moving into the storage system business or not? “At first they’ve bought skyera, the beginnings of a flash disk. Now wd’s hgst is purchasing amplidata, a resembling object storage system. For those who have come before, hgst is a mashup of hitachi’s disk business with ibm’s disk business. Western Digital took hgst in a couple of years and is still protecting the respected hgst brand. For those who have come after that, hgst is the mashup of hitachi’s disk business with ibm’s disk business. ‘At first they’ve bought skyera, the company’s flash disk manufacturer. Now wd’s hgst is buying amplidata, an object-storage system. Among the first to buy amplidata was the flash disk company. Now wd’s hgst is buying amplidata, a computing system with object-storage capabilities. Those who came before have seen hgst as a mashup of hitachi’s disk business and ibm’s disk business. But even if it’s not clear whether Skyera had launched a product of the first generation, the purchase was unexpected because, in the past, drive vendors had never competed with their storage system customers. And the reason for that is disappearing. “First of all, they’ve bought skyera, the new flash disk manufacturer. Now wd’s hgst is buying amplidata, an object-storage system. For those who came before, hgst is a mashup of the disk business of Hitachi and ibm. For those who came after, hgst is a mashup of the disk business of Hitachi and the disk business of ibm. Is the world’s largest disk-driver starting up in storage? Among the first to buy amplidata was the flash disk company. Now wd is buying amplidata, a computing system that has storage capabilities. Among the first to buy amplidata was the flash company. Now wd is buying amplidata, a storage system that can be used for objects. Those who came before have seen hgst as a mashup of hitachi’s disk business and ibm’s disk business. But even if it’s not clear whether amplidata was a new product, it was unexpected because the accelerated disk business had never before competed with the accelerated disk business. And that is why the reason is disappearing.