 The two orders for military helicopters and guided bombs capped a remarkable year in which the emirates were the largest foreign buyer of us defence equipment, according to a report by the pentagon. The us Army War Department, a unit of the pentagon, said yesterday that it had just given notice of a potential sale of enhanced guided bombs, parts, training and support to the uae for about $ 290 million . . . , he added, " The emirates were the largest buyer of us defence equipment in the whole of last year, according to the pentagon report. ' The orders for the helicopters and guided bombs marked a remarkable year in which the emirates were the largest buyer of us defense equipment,' said the pentagon. The pentagon's war department, a division of the pentagon, yesterday said that a potential sale of a pair of guided bombs, parts, training, and support to the uae was on the market for about $ 290 million. The same report said in november that in the last year the uae became the largest foreign purchaser of us defense equipment with sales of $ 7 . 9bn, ahead of afghanistan's $ 5 . 4bn and saudi arabia's $ 3 . The order for helicopters and guided bombs capped a remarkable year in which the emirates were the largest buyers of us defence equipment, according to the pentagon report. The pentagon's war department, a division of the pentagon, yesterday said that it had announced a potential sale of enhanced guided bombs, parts, training and support to the uae for about $ 290 million ... , he added, 'the emirates were the largest buyers of us defense equipment in the whole of last year, according to the pentagon report. The army's war department, a division of the pentagon, said yesterday that it was about to announce a potential sale of enhanced guided bombs, parts, training and support to the uae for about $ 290 million. , taiwan ($ 329, taiwan $ 322, taiwan ($ 322, taiwan $ 325, taiwan ($ 321, taiwan) The orders for military helicopters and guided bombs capped a remarkable year in which the emirates were the largest foreign buyers of us defense equipment, according to the report of the pentagon. The army's war department, a division of the pentagon, yesterday said that it had just announced that it would sell a pair of guided bombs, parts, training and support to the uae for about $290 million. "The orders for helicopters and guided bombs marked a remarkable year in which the emirates were the largest foreign buyers of us defense equipment, according to the pentagon report. The pentagon's war department, a division of the pentagon, yesterday said that it had announced a sale of a pair of guided bombs, parts, training and support to the uae for about $290 million. The pentagon's war department, a division of the pentagon, yesterday said that it was about to announce a sale of a pair of guided bombs, parts, training and support to the uae for about $290 million .