 For the unrestrained young people who park their vehicles at winter haven christian church on sixth street, and then leave trash and empty beer bottles for others to clean up . . . ” ” A rant: to the unrestrained young adults who park their vehicles at winter haven christian church on sixth street, and then leave trash and empty beer bottles for others to clean up. A rant: to the unrestrained young adults who park their vehicles at winterhaven church on sixth street, and then leave the rubbish and empty beer bottles for others to clean up.’ - And those who are involved should attend the Sunday service and learn the meaning of respect. I grew up in winterhaven, but have lived elsewhere for many years . . . recently, while in town, i discovered a great little restaurant, the Third Street Cafe, that i found a great local place to eat, For the unrestrained young people who park their vehicles at Winter Haven Christian church on sixth Street, and then leave the trash and empty beer bottles for others to clean up ... A rant: to the unrestrained young adults who park their vehicles at Winter Haven Christian church on sixth Street, and then leave the rubbish and empty beer bottles for others to clean up. ... I grew up in Winter Haven, but have lived elsewhere for many years ... recently I discovered a great little restaurant, the Third Street Cafe, which is a great local restaurant, it is located downtown, at the corner of Third Street and Avenue A, a s.w., and offers breakfast and lunch ... For the unrestrained young adults who park their vehicles at the Winter Haven church on sixth Street and then leave trash and empty beer bottles for others to clean up. “For the unrestrained young adults who park their vehicles at the Winter Haven church on sixth Street and then leave rubbish and empty beer bottles for others to clean up.” And those who participate should attend the Sunday service and learn the meaning of respect. “I grew up in Winter Haven, but have lived elsewhere for many years . . . recently, while visiting town, I found a great little cafe, the Third Street Cafe, which was a good little restaurant in town, and it is a good little restaurant. It is a very pleasant and friendly place, with good food and excellent service. The people there (a husband and wife, i believe) were always friendly and attentive, and it was very nice to experience more personal service . . . I grew up in Winter Haven, but lived elsewhere for many years. Recently I discovered a great little cafe, the Third Street Café, which is a great local restaurant, located downtown, on Third Street and Avenue A, and it has breakfast and lunch. And those who are involved should attend the Sunday service and learn the meaning of respect. For the unrestrained young adults who park their vehicles at Winter Haven Christian Church on sixth Street, and then leave the trash and empty beer bottles for others to clean up. " A rant: for the unrestrained young adults who park their vehicles at the Winter Haven church on sixth Street, and then leave the trash and empty beer bottles for others to clean up. " The rogue: for the unrestrained young adults who park their vehicles at the Winter Haven Christian Church on sixth Street, and then leave the trash and empty beer bottles for others to clean up. I grew up in Winter Haven, but have lived elsewhere for many years ... recently, on my way to town, I found a good little cafe called Third Street, a good little cafe, and it is a good little cafe, with good food and good service, and the people there (a husband and wife, I believe) were always friendly and attentive, and it was very nice to be able to experience more personal service.