 Washington (ap) - democratic legislators must decide very soon whether President Barack obama is leading them towards statesmanlike courage or political folly. obama made his first speech to the nation, yesterday, to push a nervous democrats to forge ahead on health care, despite the worries of the voters and the opposition of new republicans . . . sharpening his vision on the economy, he offered a hodgepodge of tax cuts and other incentives to create new jobs. - The political left is required to decide very soon whether President Barack Obama is leading the democratic republican wing to statesmanlike courage or not. obama gave his first speech to the nation yesterday to urge nervous democrats to make an effort on health care, despite the worries of the public and the opposition of new republicans. - Increasing his vision on the economy, he promised a hysterical jumble of taxes, the tenth of incentives to create new jobs. For the republicans, obama strove to cut through the numbers, but he aimed mainly at fellow republicans, who could still execute his agenda, if they can overcome fears of senate victory last week, which may have cost them their filibuster, obama said. - That setback may have cost the republicans their filibuster, proof that the senate has the largest majority in decades, and the people expect us to solve some problems, not to be running away from the hill. As a matter of fact, the political left must decide very soon whether President Barack Obama is leading the democratic republican movement to statesmanlike courage or political stupidity. obama made his first address to the nation yesterday, to urge nervous democrats to take a firm stand on health care, despite the worries of the public and the opposition of new republicans ... . . . Increasing his vision of the economy, he promised a hysterical stack of taxes, tenths of incentives for new jobs. The more questions were asked, the more skeptical the people became,’ obama said to the joint session of congress. ’ The political left must decide very soon whether President Barack Obama is leading the democratic republican wing of the Democratic Republican Party towards statesmanlike courage or not. . . . The republicans tried to snoop through the numbers, but he aimed mainly at fellow republicans, who could still carry out his plan, if they can overcome the fears of the Senate victory last week, which may have cost them their filibuster. ’ This setback may have cost the republicans their filibuster, since the senate has the largest majority in decades, and the people expect us to solve some problems and not run away from the mountain.