 . . sponsored by Sen. Tom carper (d. del.) , the diesel emissions reduction bill of 2019 would reauthorize the program at the u . . . . . sponsored by Sen. Tom Carper (d. del.) , the diesel emission reduction bill of 2019 would reauthorize the diesel emissions reduction program in the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, for the time being, through 2024, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, for the construction or retrofitting of diesel engines, to allow the updated engines to comply with the strictest air quality standards. “Senator Tom Carper (d. del.) , the diesel-emissions-reduction bill of 2019 would reauthorize the program at the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. For the time being, through 2024, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, for the construction or retrofitting of diesel engines, would allow for the upgraded engines to comply with the strictest air-quality standards. . . . . “Senator Tom Carper (d. del.) , the diesel emission reduction bill of 2019 would reauthorize the diesel emissions reduction program in the United States of America, for the time being, through 2024, the United States of America, for the construction or retrofitting of diesel engines, would allow the updated engines to comply with the strictest air-quality standards. . . . the coalition was founded in 1996 . . . and died in 2016 . . . . “With today’s vote, we are one step closer to ensuring that this bipartisan tradition, founded by my dear friend . . . Voinovich, will continue to increase economic growth and encourage environmental progress, ”carper added. As a matter of fact, senate bill number 60 would reauthorize the diesel-emissions-reduction program in the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency for the time being, through 2024, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency would authorize the installation or retrofitting of diesel engines in order to ensure that the upgraded engines comply with the strictest air-quality standards. The coalition was founded in 1996 . . . and died in 2016 . . . The bill name was re-authorized by senator Tom Carper (d. del.) , the diesel-emissions-reduction program in the United States of America, for the time being, through 2024, the United States of America, for the construction or retrofitting of diesel engines, would permit the updated engines to comply with the strictest air-quality standards. The co-sponsors of the bill are: committee chairman john barrasso (r-wyo) , republican sens . . . , jim inhofe of oklahoma, dan sullivan of alaska, and shelleymoore capito of west . . . “With today’s vote, we are one step closer to ensuring that this bipartisan tradition, founded by my dear friend . . . Voinovich, will continue to increase economic growth and promote environmental progress,” said carper.