 robert e. gates, age 65, Altoona, passed away today at upmc altoona . robert e. gates, age 65, Altoona, passed away today at upmc altoona . . . His wife and two daughters, heather cramer (laramy) of coalport and Jessica Gates of Altoona, two sisters: cheryl mckeen in florida and carol martin in indiana, pa; his mother-in-law, joan thompson; an aunt, sandy martin in tennessee; and a granddaughter, anna cramer . . . “Robert E. Gates, age 65, Altoona, died today at the upmc altoona ... His wife and two daughters, heather cramer (laramy) of coalport and Jessica Gates of Altoona, two sisters: cheryl mckeen in florida and carol martin in indiana, pa. His mother-in-law, Joan Thompson, and an aunt, Sandy Martin in Tennessee; and a granddaughter, anna cramer ... robert e. gates, age 65, Altoona, died today at the southwestern hospital. robert e. gates, age 65, Altoona, died today at the southwestern hospital ... His wife and two daughters, heather cramer (laramy) of coalport and Jessica Gates of Altoona, two sisters: cheryl mckeen in florida and Carol Martin in indiana, pa; his mother-in-law Joan Thompson, and an aunt, Sandy Martin in Tennessee; and a granddaughter, anna cramer ... His wife and two daughters, heather cramer (laramy) of coalport and Jessica Gates of Altoona, two sisters: cheryl mckeen in florida and Carol Martin in indiana, pa; his mother-in-law, Joan Thompson, and his aunt, Sandy Martin in Tennessee; and a granddaughter, anna cramer ... friends will be received from 6 to 8 p. robert e. gates, age 65, Altoona, died today at the southwestern hospital. His wife and two daughters, heather cramer of coalport and Jessica Gates of Altoona, two sisters: cheryl mckeen in florida and Carol Martin in indiana, pa, his mother-in-law Joan Thompson and an aunt, Sandy Martin in Tennessee, and a granddaughter, anna cramer ... robert e. gates, age 65, Altoona, died today at the southwestern hospital. His wife and two daughters, heather cramer of coalport and Jessica Gates of Altoona, two sisters: cheryl mckeen in florida and Carol Martin in indiana, pa; his mother-in-law Joan Thompson and an aunt, Sandy Martin in Tennessee; and a granddaughter, anna cramer ... robert e. gates, age 65, Altoona, died today at the southwestern hospital. “Robert E. Gates, age 65, Altoona, died today at the altoona hospital ... His wife and two daughters, heather cramer of coalport and Jessica Gates of Altoona, two sisters: cheryl mckeen in florida and Carol Martin in indiana, his mother-in-law Joan Thompson and his aunt Sandy Martin in Tennessee, and a granddaughter, anna cramer ... robert e. gates, age 65, Altoona, died today at the altoona hospital ... His wife and two daughters, heather cramer of coalport and Jessica Gates of Altoona, two sisters: cheryl mckeen in florida and Carol Martin in indiana, his mother-in-law Joan Thompson and an aunt, Sandy Martin in Tennessee, and a granddaughter, anna cramer ... robert e. gates, age 65, Altoona, died today at the southwestern hospital ... robert e. gates, age 65, Altoona, died today at the southwestern hospital ... robert e. gates, age 65, Altoona, died today at the southwestern hospital. His wife and two daughters, heather cramer of coalport and Jessica Gates of Altoona, two sisters: cheryl mckeen in florida and Carol Martin in indiana, pa; mother-in-law Joan Thompson and an aunt Sandy Martin in Tennessee; and a granddaughter anna cramer ... They will be received from 6 to 8 p.m., and robert e. gates, age 65, Altoona, died today at the southwestern hospital. Robert E. Gates, age 65, Altoona, died today at the southwestern hospital. robert e. gates, age 65, Altoona, died today at the southwestern hospital. His wife and two daughters, heather crammel of coalport and Jessica Gates of Altoona, two sisters: cheryl mckeen in florida and Carol Martin indiana, his mother-in-law Joan Thompson and an aunt, Sandy Martin in Tennessee, and a granddaughter, anna cramer ... robert e. gates, age 65, Altoona, died today at the southwestern hospital. His wife and two daughters, heather crammel of coalport and Jessica Gates of Altoona, two sisters: cheryl mckeen in florida and Carol Martin indiana, his mother-in-law Joan Thompson and an aunt, Sandy Martin in Tennessee, and a granddaughter, anna cramer ... robert e. gates, age 65, Altoona, died today at the southwestern hospital ... robert e. gates, age 65, Altoona, died today at the southwestern hospital ... robert e. gates, age 65, Altoona, died today at the southwestern hospital ... robert e. gates, age 65, Altoona, died today at the southwestern hospital ...