 , left, lynn blake, teaches two hospital employees cpr at the vvmc safety fair. - Lonn blake's passion for educating the eagle county came from a sudden cardiac arrest which a bystander helped her survive. She was only 27 years old. "Lonn blake's passion for educating the county of eagle came from a sudden cardiac arrest, which a spectator helped her to overcome. She was only 27 years old. "On Valentine's Day 2007 lynn blake began her new job in vail village when she had a bad awakening. Fortunately, someone with experience in cpr stepped forward and kept her heart beating until the paramedics arrived with a defibrillator. " — , left, lynn blake, teaches two edification students at the safety-fair. — lynn blake's passion for educating the eagle-county came from a sudden cardiac arrest, which a spectator helped her to overcome. — On Valentine's Day 2007 lynn blake was starting her new position at Vail Village when she suddenly began to feel unwell. Fortunately, a man of experience had come forward and kept her heart beating till the paramedics arrived with a defibrillator. " The passion for educating the county of eagle-county came from a sudden cardiac arrest, which a spectator helped her to overcome. — Some 325, 000 people die every year of sudden cardiac arrest (sca) in the United States. And besides, according to popular belief, it affects everyone ... In love with lonn blake , left, lynn blake, teaches two of the nurses a course of cpr at the vvmc fair. “Lonn blake’s passion for educating the county of lonn came from a sudden cardiac arrest which a spectator helped her to overcome. On Valentine’s Day 2007 lonn blake was starting her new job in Vail Village when she suddenly felt unwell, and luckily someone with experience came forward and kept her heart beating until the paramedics arrived with a defibrillator. ”Lonn blake’s passion for educating the county of london came from a sudden cardiac arrest which a spectator helped her overcome. ”I didn’t know anything about cardiac arrest . . . I didn’t know what it was,” blake said. “Now she knows, for the first time, what cardiac arrest is. ” “Lonn blake’s passion for educating the county of london came from a sudden cardiac arrest which a spectator helped her to overcome. “On Valentine’s Day 2007 lonn blake began her new job at Vail Village when she suddenly became unwell. Fortunately, a man with experience came forward and kept her heart beating till the paramedics arrived with a defibrillator. ”Lonn blake’s passion for educating the county of london came from a sudden cardiac arrest which a spectator helped her to overcome. ”Lonn blake’s passion for educating the county of lonn came from a sudden cardiac arrest which a spectator helped her to overcome. The passion for educating the county of lonn came from a sudden cardiac arrest which a spectator helped her overcome. ”I didn’t know anything about cardiac arrest, I didn’t know what it was,” said blake, “and now she knows for the first time what cardiac arrest is.” “Lonn blake’s passion for educating the county of lonn came from a sudden cardiac arrest which a spectator helped her overcome. ”Lonn blake’s passion for educating the county of lonn came from a sudden cardiac arrest which a spectator helped her overcome. On Valentine’s Day 2007, lynn blake was taking up her new post in Vail Village, and suddenly she became unwell, and luckily a man of experience had come forward and kept her heart beating until the paramedics arrived with a defibrillator.