 The only thing is that marketers are employed in the public and in the private sector , people think of marketing as a strictly private sector business, but the truth is that, because of the fact, people with the business and the skills of sales and marketing are hired by the government in a number of capacities. The local, state, and federal government agencies at the local, state and federal level, all employ marketers in the form of public relations, property disposition, loan and mortgage sales. However, there is one thing that the people are employed, both in the public and in the private sector, and people often think of the public as a solely private business, but the truth is that people with the business and the skills of sales and marketing are employed by the government in many different roles. For instance, the state and local governments at the local, state and federal level all employ people in the field of public relations, property management, mortgages and other administration services. The public relations and press departments are the primary functions of the government, they also have a head of press, or a head of press, and several other staff ... almost all the government agencies have a head of public relations, and in many cases it is an independent department, a secretary or a public relations assistant and several other support staff. The only thing is that the people are employed in the public and in the private sector, and people often think of the public as a solely private business, but the fact is that people with the skills of sales and marketing are employed by the government in many different ways. The local, state, and federal government agencies at the local, state and federal level all employ people in the form of public relations, property management, mortgages, and administration. There are also various government agencies at the local, state and federal level that employ people in the form of public relations, property management, mortgages, and other administrative services. The local, state and federal government at the local, state and federal level all employ people in the form of public relations, property management, mortgages and other administrative services. However, the people are employed, both in the public and in the private sector, and people often think of the public as a solely private business, but the truth is that there are people with the skills and abilities of marketing who are employed by the government in many different roles. The chief of public relations and the press are the most important functions of the government; they also have a head of public relations, or a secretary, and several other employees .