 We've made a great deal of research, we've worked it out ... " sent> After competing many times, the local artist ann iungerich and her husband david decided to share some lessons learned on Saturday at an ice-sculpting workshop ... the idea was that there would be more sculptors, so that it might be better for us to compete. After a lot of gymnastics, the local artist ann iungerich and her husband david decided to share some lessons on Saturday, at an ice-sculpting workshop... the idea was that more people would be there, so it would be more fun to compete. “That is why we decided to set up a workshop—what little secrets we know we are willing to share with others,” ann explained. “We have learned over the years that we use wood-chisels more than other means,” ann said. “That is why we decided to start it – what few little secrets we know, we are willing to share with others,” ann explained. But after a great deal of gymnastics the local artist Anon Iungerich and her husband David decided to give a few lessons at an ice-sculpting workshop on Saturday ... it was to get more people, so it would be more fun to compete. " That's why we decided to set up a workshop, what we know we're willing to share with others," Anon Iungerich explained. "We've spent a lot of time studying, we've worked out what we're good at. We have learned more about wood-chisels than other methods," anon Iungerich said. "That's why we're trying to start it, what little secrets we know we're willing to share," Anon Iungerich said. "We don't bring any power tools, we just have some different, sharp chisels and that's what we use . . . As a result of this, many people were able to compete against the artist, the artist, ann iungerich, and her husband David, with the object of sharing some of their learnings with others. “So we decided to set up a workshop – what we know we’re willing to share with others,” Anon Iungerich explained. “We’ve studied very much and figured out what we’re good at, so we’ve learned more about wood-chisels than other methods,” Anon Iungerich explained. “That’s why we decided to set up a workshop – what little secrets we know we’re willing to share,” Anon Iungerich explained. But after a great deal of gymnastics the local artist Anon Iungerich and her husband David decided to give a few lessons on Saturday at an ice-sculpting workshop ... they thought there would be more people there, so that it would be more fun for us to compete. Anon Iungerich, however, says she’s an artist in many other mediums, and she’s ...