 Why are american women dying in childbirth? Maternal mortality is falling in every industrialized country except the United States . . . But the United States is not the first place that comes to mind when women die in childbirth . . . Why are American women dying in childbirth? Maternal mortality is falling in every industrialised country except the United States. But the United States is not the first place one comes to mind when one thinks of maternal death . . . so one must not forget that two American women every day die of pregnancy-related causes. According to the World Bank, we are in the top five maternal deaths in the world . . . it is four times as likely as a woman of constipation, in iran, and four times as likely as a woman of germany . . .” Why are american women dying in childbirth? Maternal mortality is falling in every industrialised country except the United States ... But the United States is not the first place one thinks of when one thinks of maternal death ... So we must not forget that two American women die every day from pregnancy-related causes. The World Bank says that we are among the top five maternal deaths in the world ... four times as many as a woman with constipation in iran and four times as likely as a woman in germany ... ” At this time, we are not the first place to think of maternal death ... but the United States is not the first place that comes to mind when we think of maternal death ... So we must not forget that there are two American women each day that die of pregnancy-related causes. Why are american women dying in childbirth? Maternal mortality is falling in every industrialised country except the United States ... but the United States is not the first place that comes to mind when we think of maternal death ... But the United States is not the first place that comes to mind when we think of maternal death ... The World Bank says we are among the top five maternal deaths in the world ... four times as many as a woman who has constipation in iran, four times as many as a woman in germany ... ” - he noted in his 2011 report on maternal mortality in the United States ... But we must not forget that two American women every day die of pregnancy.