 — charlotte – russell wilson and the seahawks defense were too much for cam newton and the Carolina panthers. — Bruce irvin, on the other hand, had a good run and slapped cam newton on the arm, which cam newton pressed forward to throw down the field ... /sent> — bruce irvin had rushed over by a defensive lineman and stabbed him in the arm, as the quarterback loaded into the open. ‘Brothers and the seahawks’ defense were too strong for cam newton and the Carolina panthers. ‘Brother’s streak of a jab at Cam Newton’s arm – the ball had come flying out, flung into the open for him to throw.’ – the ball had thrown free and fell into the hands of a friend, capering the latest performance by a seahawks’ defense which put the ball away from cam newton and the Carolina panthers.’ Russell wilson shook off two third-quarter interceptions, including a fumble return, and in a day that was extraordinarily tough for the carolina offense, which yielded only 190 yards. – Bruce irvin, however, had rushed to a defensive lineman and stabbed him in the arm, just as the quarterback was pulling himself together. And so Bruce irvin had run over and slapped Cam Newton on the arm, which Cam Newton was pushing forward to throw down the field. . . . Russell wilson and the seahawks’ defense were too strong for cam newton and the Carolina panthers. "The streak of a jab at Cam Newton’s arm was flying out of the air and having been flung into the open by a friend. "Bruce irvin had rushed to a defensive lineman and stabbed him in the arm, just as the quarterback was loading into the open. " But, bruce irvin, he had rushed to the player and stabbed him in the arm as the quarterback pushed his way into the open. — Russell wilson had shook off two third-quarter interceptions and a fumble return, and in a day that was extremely tough for the Carolina offense, which yielded only 190 yards. — Russell wilson shook off two third-quarter interceptions and a fumble return, and he was facing a four-and-out incompletion.