 The passengers on the high-speed train from Berlin to Saarbrucken were frightened after they had been shattered by what they thought were bullets. Police have been investigating after the windows on the high-speed train, which was travelling from the German capital to Saarbrucken in Sarland, were shattered by what they thought were bullets. The passengers of the high-speed train from Berlin to Saarbrucken were frightened after they had been struck by what they thought were bullets. They are now going to investigate after the windows of the high-speed train, which was going from the German capital to Saarbrucken in Sarland, were shattered by what they thought were bullets. No, no - one person was injured in the accident, which happened about 10 o'clock on Thursday in the city of ladenburg, near mannheim, baden-wurttemberg. The passengers of the high-speed train from Berlin to Saarbrucken were afraid when they had been struck by what they thought were bullets. The police are now investigating after the windows of the high-speed train, which was running from the German capital to Saarbrucken in Sarland, were shattered by what they thought were bullets. The passengers of the high-speed train from Berlin to Saarbrucken were frightened when they thought they had been struck by what they thought were bullets. One of the passengers said that it seemed that four bullets had hit the train. No, no, the person injured in the accident was one person. It happened about 10 o'clock in the morning, in the town of Ladenburg, near mannheim, Baden-Wurttemberg. The passengers on the high-speed train from Berlin to Saarbrucken were frightened when they thought they had been hit by what they thought were bullets. The police have now investigated the windows of the high-speed train, which ran from the German capital to Saarbrucken in Sarland, crushed by what they thought were bullets. The passengers on the high-speed train from Berlin to Saarbrucken were terrified when they thought they had been hit by what they thought were bullets. The passengers on the high-speed train from Berlin to Saarbrucken were frightened when they thought they had been hit by what they thought were bullets. One of the passengers said that it seemed as though four bullets had hit the train. No, no, the person injured in the accident was a single person. The passengers of the high-speed train from Berlin to Saarbrucken were afraid when they thought they had been hit by what they thought were bullets. No, no, the person injured in the accident was a single person. They were advised to take other trains or be accosted in hotels for the night. The police said no objects had entered the interior of the train but only damaged the outside.