 “Midtown, N.J. – The local town of Midtown is pleased to announce the appointment of kim rinaldi to the position of temporary library director, beginning on the 24th of February 2014. The town of Midtown is pleased to announce the appointment of kim rinaldi to the post of temporary library director beginning on the 24th of February 2014. . . . , a year . . . ‘Midtown, N.J. – The town of Midtown is pleased to announce the appointment of Kim Riine to the post of temporary librarian, beginning on the 24th of February 2014. . . . A year . . . The Free Public Library in New York City . . . In her time at the Free Public Library in New Jersey, Ms Riine had the services of 26 employees and $2,000 . . . ‘Midtown, N.J. – The town of Midtown is pleased to announce the appointment of Kim Riine to the post of temporary librarian beginning on the 24th of February 2014. . . . A year. The public library in New York City. The public library in Midtown, N.J., is pleased to announce the appointment of Kim Riine to the post of temporary librarian beginning on the 24th of February 2014. . . . In addition to that, she was also the manager of the Brielle Public Library, and as a senior librarian at the Ocean County Branch, in the long beach island branch of New Jersey . . . . “Midtown, N.J. – The town of Midtown is pleased to announce the appointment of Kim Riine to the post of temporary librarian beginning on the 24th of February 2014. The city of Midtown is pleased to announce the appointment of Kim Riine to the post of temporary librarian beginning on the 24th of February 2014. . . . A year . . . The public library in New York City . . . The municipal library in Midtown is pleased to announce the appointment of Kim Riine to the post of temporary librarian beginning on the 24th of February 2014. Besides that, she was the manager of the Brielle Public Library and was a senior librarian at the Ocean County branch of the city of New Jersey . . . . ‘Midtown, N.J.’ – The town of Midtown, N.J. is pleased to announce the appointment of Kim Riine to the post of temporary librarian beginning on the 24th of February 2014. ... A year ... The municipal library in Midtown, N.J. is pleased to announce the appointment of Kim Riine to the post of temporary librarian beginning on the 24th of February 2014. Besides that, she was the manager of the Brielle Public Library and a senior librarian in the Ocean County branch of the town of New Jersey ... Besides that, she was the manager of the Brielle Public Library and a senior librarian in the Ocean County branch of the town of New Jersey ... Besides that, she was the manager of the Brielle Public Library and a senior librarian in the Long Beach Island branch of New Jersey ... Besides that, she was the manager of the Brielle Public Library and the senior librarian in the Long Beach Island branch of New Jersey ... The town of New York ... The town of Midtown is pleased to announce the appointment of Kim Riine to the post of temporary librarian beginning on the 24th of February 2014.