 When predicting which planets beyond earth could support life, astronomers usually follow the water. Exoplanets with rocky surfaces are declared habitable if they are orbiting far from their star to have the potential to host oceans. But as our planetary collection is growing, and telescopes for studying them improve, some astrobiologists say it is time to narrow the search. When estimating the species of planets beyond the earth, astronomers usually follow water; or other forms of rocky planets, if they are orbiting far from their star to host oceans, are declared habitable if they orbit far from their star, with the potential for seas to be accumulated. But as our planetary collection grows, and the instruments used to study them improve, some astrobiologists say it is time to narrow down the search. christopher mckay, the director of the nasa ames center in california, has come up with a new habitability checklist, which considers the planet’s light levels, its radiation, and its atmospheric composition (pnas , doi & colon, pnas .. When determining which planets beyond the earth could support life, astronomers usually follow water. Exoplanets with rocky surfaces are declared habitable if they are orbiting far from their star, allowing seas to accumulate. But as our planetary collection is growing, and the instruments for studying them are becoming more and more advanced, some astronomers say it is time to narrow the search. Some astronomers rely on water for the estimation of the species of planets. Or other rocky planets, if they orbit far from their star to host oceans, are declared habitable if they orbit far from their star with the potential for seas. When determining which planets beyond earth can support life, astronomers usually follow water; or other forms of rocky planets, if they orbit far from their star in order to host oceans, are declared habitable if they orbit far from their star and will support seas. This new habitability database is being developed. But as our planetary collection is growing and the telescopes for studying them become more and more advanced, some astronomers say it is time to narrow the search. The classification of the species of planets beyond the earth is done by water; or other rocky planets, orbiting far from their star to host oceans, are said to be habitable if they orbit far from their star and have the potential to host oceans. When determining which planets beyond the earth can support life, astronomers usually follow water. For example, when an exoplanet orbits far from their star it is considered habitable if it orbits far from their star, which allows for seas. This new habitability database is being developed. In order to know the species of planets beyond the earth astronomers usually follow water. Some rocky planets orbit far from their star to host oceans, are declared habitable if they orbit far from their star and will support seas. When a astronomer determines which planets beyond the earth can support life, he usually follows water; other rocky planets orbit far from their star to host oceans, are declared habitable if they orbit far from their star and allow seas to accumulate. When estimating the species of planets beyond the earth, astronomers usually follow water; or other rocky planets orbit far from their star to host oceans, are declared habitable if they orbit far from their star with the potential for seas. But as our planetary collection is growing and the instruments for studying them are becoming more and more advanced, astronomers say it is time to narrow the search.