 The terrorist attacks with a vehicle such as the one in barcelona are 'a new reality for Europeans' according to experts. The latest attacks on barcelona and on the coastal resort of cambrils on thursday left at least 14 dead and a hundred injured . . . Goulet, the French senator, is on a committee that analyzes jihadists. As we know, the terrorist attacks with a vehicle such as that of barcelona are "a new reality for Europeans" according to experts. According to Goulet, the French senator, she is on a committee which studies jihadists. She says that one of her goals is to turn the western world against the muslim minorities in their countries and play with their anti-muslim rhetoric . . . Strasbourg, Berlin, nice, London, and Stockholm have already seen extremists drive cars in crowds. They say that such acts are a new reality for Europeans . . . As we know, the terrorist attacks with a vehicle such as that in barcelona are “a new reality for Europeans,” according to the experts. The terrorist attacks in barcelona and on the coastal village of Cambrils, yesterday, left at least fourteen dead and a hundred injured ... The senator Goulet is on a committee that studies jihadists. As we know, the terrorist attacks with a vehicle like that in barcelona are “a new reality for Europeans,” according to experts. According to Goulet, the senator, she is on a committee that studies jihadists. She says that one of her goals is to turn the Western world against the muslims in their countries and play with their anti-muslim rhetoric ... Strasbourg, Berlin, nice, London, Stockholm have already seen jihadists driving in crowds. They say that these acts are a new reality for Europeans . . . However, Gallois says citizens’ safety cannot be guaranteed. As we know, the terrorist attacks with a vehicle like the one in barcelona are “a new reality for Europeans,” according to the experts. The terrorist attacks in barcelona and on the coastal village of Cambrils, yesterday, left at least fourteen dead and a hundred injured. Goulet, the French senator, is on a committee that studies jihadists. Goulet, the French senator, is on a committee that studies jihadists. As we know, the terrorist attacks with a vehicle like that in barcelona are “a new reality for Europeans,” according to the experts. As we know, the terrorist attacks with a vehicle like that in barcelona are “a new reality for Europeans” according to experts. As we know, the terrorist attacks with a vehicle like that in barcelona are “a new reality for Europeans” according to experts. The jihadist attacks in barcelona and in the village of Cambrils yesterday left at least fourteen dead and a hundred injured. Strasbourg, Berlin, nice, London and Stockholm have seen extremists driving in groups. They say that these acts are a new reality for Europeans . . . But Gallois says citizens’ safety cannot be guaranteed.