 Patty jenkins, director of petty jenkins's part, has revealed details about the upcoming sequel. If we have learned anything from the era of superhero movies, it is that no one is really dead. At the end of wonder woman, steve trevor heroically sacrifices himself to save everyone else. If we have learned anything from superheroes of the past, it is that no one really dies. The end of wonder woman marked the end of a great chemistry between pine and gal gadot. But now, Director Patty Jenkins has revealed the first details about the upcoming sequel, Wonder Woman 1984. The sequel takes place in 1984, well, at least in ’84, and marks the return of pine’s steve trevor. Patty Jenkins, the director of petty-jerkins, has revealed the upcoming sequel. If we have learned anything from the heroes of the past, it is that no one dies. The end of Wonder-Madam marked the end of the great chemistry between pine and gal gadot. But now Patty-Jenkins has revealed the first details of the upcoming sequel, Wonder-Madam 1984. The sequel takes place in 1984, well, in ’84, and marks the return of steve trevor. I’m sure he’ll be well taken for being dead, or at least 90 years old, for that matter. Though he’s a superhero, he’s probably still alive. It’s funny, because that’s the way he looks in this film, and he’s got an outstanding head-dress, a casio watch, and he’s just a nice fellow if he’s dead or 90 years old . . . considering this is a superhero movie, he’d still be alive . . . Patty Jenkins, the director of petty jerkins, has revealed the sequel. If we have learned anything from the heroes of the past, it is that no one dies. In the last Wonder Woman steve trevor heroically sacrifices himself to save everyone. The next Wonder Woman takes place in 1984, well, in 1984, and again in 1984. This sequel takes place in 1984, well, in ’84, and then in steve trevor. This sequel has Wonder Woman quarrelling with a cheetah, played by kristin wiig ... although there are several versions of the cheetah, all the characters have roughly the same powers, which "pros" ... but if he's a superhero, he's probably still alive. Although he's a superhero, he's probably still alive. But now Patty Jenkins has revealed the first details of the upcoming sequel, Wonder Woman 1984. The sequel takes place in 1984, at least in '84, and marks the return of steve trevor. This is how he looks in this movie, with the nice head-dress, the watch, and he's a pretty fellow, even if he's dead or 90 years old ... since this is a superhero movie, he's probably still alive.