 “The future of the company, though,—having already set its sights on the next year, is it happy? [55] he has already a plan for the rest of the year, but he seems to be playing a slack game. [56] According to the latest statement from the firm, matl (nasdaq: mat) seems to have become the victim of its own success. - But what is the future of the company? Already looking forward to the next year, is it happy? [293] he has already planned the remainder of the year, but he seems to be in the nick of time. - According to the latest statement from the firm, matl (NYSE: MAL) seems to have taken the victim of its own success. The company reported a 12 % decline in sales of the barbie brand, while other girls' toys were dominating. The american girl and the monster line did well, but the price was high . “But what about the future of the company? Have they already been looking forward to the next year? What a relief that would be, because they’ve already planned for the rest of the year but seem to be waiting too long. And now, according to the latest statement from the company, matl (NASDAQ: mat) seems to have taken the victim of its own success. According to the latest company statement, matl (NASDAQ: mat) seems to have taken the victim of its own success. The company has reported a 12 % decline in sales of the barbie brand, and other girls’ toys are outselling it. The American girl and the monster line are doing well, but the price is too high. ... But what about the future of the company? Is it happy? Is it happy? There is a new line of the monster at matl called the Ever After High. The new line will launch in the second half of the year, and is based on the classic fairytale characters of high school. "But what about the future of the company? Is it happy? Is it happy? The company, if it has already set its sights on the next year, is it happy? He already has a plan for the rest of the year, but he seems to be in the right time. According to the latest statement of the company, matl (NASDAQ: mat) seems to have taken the victim of its own success. The company has reported a 12 % drop in sales of the barbie brand, while other girls' toys have gone up in the same direction. "The American girl and the monster are doing well, but the price is too high . . . But what about the future of the company? Is it happy? . . . Has the company been looking forward to the next year already? Is it happy? Yes, the next year has already passed, but it seems that he has not managed to hit the spot in time. According to the latest statement from the firm, matl (NASDAQ: mat) seems to have been hit by its own success. The company has reported a 12 percent drop in the sales of the barbie brand, while other girls' toys are outselling it. The American girl and the monster are doing well, but the price is too high.