 It is just after the splendid welcome from julian clary's dog valerie that you notice the chickens - there are a lot of pictures, ornaments, a chicken-shape pillow - yes, a slight obsession with chickens, he says, looking around. It was after the marvelous welcome from julian clary's dog-valerie that you noticed the chickens - there are a lot of pictures, ornaments, a kind of bird shaped pillow - yes, it was a little obsessed with chickens, he said, squinting around. His favourite bird is the one on the mantelpiece that his mother brenda gave him. It was on the side of the sherry bottle from the director neil bartlett (they had worked together on the 1995 adaptation of the play 'Showman'). It was just after the wonderful welcome from julian clary's dog frock-house that he noticed the chickens--here there are many pictures, ornaments, a kind of a bird-shaped pillow--he said he was slightly obsessed with chickens, he said, looking around. It was just after the splendid welcome from julian clary's dog-frock-house that he noticed the chickens--lots of pictures, ornaments, a kind of chicken-shaped pillow--he said, squinting. "It wasn't my idea to do it," he remembers, "but she wanted to see it. . . . . " He wonders whether the old bucket in the corner, which he picked up when they were "doing the auction" with a celebrity, "is too rustic. " He squinted at it, but it wasn't my idea. . . . It was just after the splendid welcome from julian clary’s dog frock-house that he noticed the chickens-there are a lot of pictures, ornaments, a kind of bird-shaped pillow- yes, he was slightly obsessed with chickens, he said, looking around. It was just after the splendid welcome from julian clary’s dog frock-house that he noticed the chickens-there are a lot of pictures, ornaments, a kind of bird-shaped pillow-yes, a little obsession with chickens, he said, squinting. “It wasn’t my idea,” he remembered, “but she wanted to see it ... ” He was looking around, but not at all ... He thought about the old bucket in the corner, which he picked up when he was taking part in a “brunty auction” with a celebrity, “which is too rustic.” “It wasn’t my idea,” he remembered, “but she wanted to see it ... “It was after the marvelous welcome from julian clary’s frock-house that he noticed the chickens—lots of pictures, ornaments, a kind of chicken pillow—he said he was slightly obsessed with chickens, he said, squinting. It was just after the marvelous welcome from julian clary’s frock-house that he noticed the chickens—lots of pictures, ornaments, a kind of chicken pillow—he said he was somewhat obsessed with chickens, he said, looking around.