 The airline vikings competed in the 1972 State Football championship against neville on a shady night for football in the monroe . . . but when the team was gathered, coach jack gray called the seniors together. He was the coach of the 1967 airline team, and died on the fourth of saturday. The flight vikings took on neville in the 72 State Football Championship, in the monroe . . . but when the team was assembled, coach jack gray called the seniors together. , they were stationed at marshall, texas, where he lived. , he was in the 1967 flight, died in marshall, texas, where he lived. The airplane vikings played in the 72 State Football Championships, in the monroe... but when the team assembled, coach jack gray called the seniors. The pilot vikings met Neville in the 72 State Football Championships, in the monroe... but when the team assembled, coach jack gray called the seniors together. He was the coach of the team in 1967, and died in marshall, texas, where he lived. His niece becky gray is the supervisor at Parkway, and his brother lives in the city of infidels. He is survived by his wife, mammi, and a son, gary, who lives in farmerville. The flight vikings had played in the 72-yard football championship at Monroe ... but when the team assembled, coach jack gray called the seniors. He was the coach of the 1967 vikings, and died on the fourth of saturday. He was the captain of the 1967 vikings and died in marshall, texas, where he lived. He was the captain of the 1967 vikings, and died in marshall, texas, where he lived. The pilot vikings took on Neville in the 72 vikings game in monroe ... but when the team was assembled, coach jack gray called the seniors. He was the captain of the 1967 vikings and died in marshall, texas, where he lived. , he was a native of shelbyville, texas, and went to marshall to interview for the head coach's job. He was the captain of the team in 1967, and died in marshall, texas, where he lived. , his niece becky gray is a director at Parkway, and his brother lives in the city of infidels. , he was the coach of the flight team, died on the fourth of saturday. The flight vikings met Neville in the 72nd season of the Air Force . . . but when the team assembled, coach jack gray called the seniors. He was the coach of the flight team in 1967, and died in marshall, texas, where he lived. The flight vikings played in the 72nd season of the Air Force . . . but when the team assembled, coach jack gray called the seniors. He was the coach of the airline team in 1967, and died in marshall, texas, where he lived. The flight vikings met Neville in the 72nd season of the Air Force . . . but when the team assembled, coach jack gray called the seniors. He was the coach of the 1967 flight vikings and died in marshall, texas, where he lived. He was a native of shelbyville, texas, and went to marshall to be hired as an assistant coach. He was the captain of the flight vikings and died in marshall, texas, where he lived. He was the captain of the 1967 flight vikings, and died in marshall, texas, where he lived.