 the santa fe springs - a 17-year-old boy died and two men were wounded, but they hoped to survive after a car to car shooting on the 5 freeway late last night, according to authorities. The coroner's office did not release the dead boy's name this afternoon, deferring all questions to the sheriff's investigators. the Santa Fe Springs—a 17-year-old boy was killed and two men wounded, but they hoped to survive after a car to car shooting on the five freeway yesterday, the officials said. The San Diego Police Department did not disclose the names of the three victims this afternoon, but referred all questions to the sheriff’s office. They noticed that the three wounded men were riding in a minivan. The Santa Fe Springs, a 17-year-old boy was killed and two men wounded, but they were hoping to live, according to the San Diego Police Department. The Santa Fe Springs, a 17-year-old boy died and two men were wounded, but they were hoping to live, after a car-to-car crash yesterday, according to the authorities. The San Diego Police Department did not reveal the names of the three victims this afternoon, but referred all inquiries to the sheriff’s office. They noticed that the three wounded were riding in a van. The San Diego Police Department did not reveal the names of the three victims today, but sent all inquiries to the sheriff’s office. The Santa Fe Springs, a seventeen-year-old boy was killed and two men wounded, but they hoped to live, after a crash yesterday on the 5 freeway, the officials said. The San Diego Police Department did not reveal the names of the three victims this afternoon, but sent all inquiries to the sheriff’s office. The men noticed that the three men wounded were in a van. Santa Fe Springs, a seventeen-year-old boy died and two men were wounded, but they hoped to live, after a crash yesterday on the 5 freeway, according to the authorities. The santa fe slo, a 17-year-old boy died and two men were wounded, but they were hoping to live, according to the San Diego Police Department. The San Diego Police Department did not disclose the names of the three victims this afternoon, but referred all inquiries to the sheriff’s office.