 ukraine has started siphoning off Russian gas that is bound for Europeans. . . . ukraine has started siphoning off Russian gas which is bound for Europeans. . . . This follows the delay of gas supplies to ukraine in January, after the gas companies in the two countries did not agree on a price for 2009. The ukraine gas has begun to be siphoned off Russian gas. The ukraine gas has been squandered by Russian gas. In January ukraine gas was delayed, after the gas companies in the two countries did not agree on the price for 2009. Gazprom’s board of directors held an emergency meeting in moscow, where they discussed ukraine’s siphoning. In the Balkans the ukarine gas exporters have told us the region is already suffering from ukarine’s actions. This is the reason why in January the gas supplies to ukraine were delayed after the gas companies in the two countries did not agree on a price for 2009. In January the gas supplies to ukraine were delayed, after the gas companies in the two countries did not agree on a price for 2009. The ukraine gas has been taken from Russian gas; the gas is wasted in the ukraine. Gazprom's board of directors held a special meeting in moscow, where they discussed ukraine's siphoning. The Balkans' ukarine gas dealers have told us that the region is already suffering from ukarine's actions. Gazprom believes that the states of the Balkans should make use of the ukraine gas agreement, according to which no disputes can arise between a transit country and a supply country," said the deputy ceo of Gazprom . At the end of January, ukraine gas was delayed, after the gas companies in the two countries did not agree on a price for 2009. In the Balkans, ukarine gas importers have told us that the region is already suffering from ukarine’s actions. In January ukraine gas was delayed, after the gas companies in the two countries did not agree on a price for 2009. The gas in ukraine has been taken from Russian gas, and the gas is wasted in the ukraine. The gas in ukraine has begun to be siphoned from Russian gas, and it is squandered by Russian gas. The gas in ukraine has begun to be siphoned from Russian gas; it is squandered by Russian gas. The ukarine gas importers have told us that the region is already suffering from ukarine. This is why in January the gas in ukraine was delayed, after the gas companies in the two countries did not agree on a price for 2009. Gazprom’s board of directors held an emergency meeting in moscow, where they discussed ukraine’s siphoning.