 drew griffin, the cnn investigative reporter whose report made the va health care delay a national story, told me that the va ignored questions from the press at their own peril. His first attempt to reach va secretary eric shinseki—who had resigned under pressure on friday—was way back in November. he took the report of the cnn investigative reporter, whose report on the va health care debacle was a national story, to tell me that the state ignored the press at their own risk. This is a performance, and if there is no one to perform to, if there is no audience, there is no reason for the performance, said Cullen. He tried to reach out to va secretary eric shinseki, who had resigned in protest on friday, at the end of November. “They tried to shut us off from talking to the press, they tried to stop our reporting at their own risk,” griffin said. He was trying to reach va secretary eric shinseki, who had resigned in protest on friday. He had tried to call on him at the end of November. ' They tried to block us from speaking to the press, they tried to stop our reporting at their own risk.' Then he said he would seek ways to "take away from the stage part of the stage." Cullen asked him about the first attempt he made to reach va secretary eric shinseki, who had resigned in protest on friday. ' It's a performance and if there is no one to perform to, no audience, there's no reason to perform,' said Cullen. Greenfield said he understood the impulse - 'it's probably some effort to take away what we think these killers want - but he said that this "effort is ultimately futile, because unlike 40 years ago there are no guards of the gate. " He spoke with cosmopolitan editor-in-chief joanna coles about the #YesAll Women movement . . . his first attempt to reach the senate secretary, eric shinseki, resigned in protest on friday, was already in November. He wanted to reach the senate secretary, eric shinseki, who resigned in protest on friday. He sought to reach him at the end of November. He asked about the first attempt he had made to reach senate secretary eric shinseki, who had resigned in protest on friday. He had tried to reach him at the end of November. Greenfield said he understood the urge; “there may be an effort to get rid of what we think the killers want,” but he said that “effort is ultimately futile, for unlike 40 years ago there are no guards of the gate.” “They tried to prevent us from talking to the press, they tried to prevent our reporting at their own risk,” griffin said. Cullen asked him about the first attempt he had made to reach senate secretary eric shinseki, who had quitted under pressure on friday. “It’s a performance, and if there is no one to perform, no audience, there is no reason to perform,” said Cullen. “There’s a performance, and if there is no one to perform to, no audience, there is no reason to perform,” said Cullen.