 ‘ How it feels to be j.k. rowling give us more harry potter’s information . . . “How does it feel to be j.k. Rowling? Give us more harry potter’s information ...’ "How does it feel to be J.K. Rowling? Give us more Harry Potter information . . . " She has continued the series since the completion of the first trilogy in 2007. Since then she has added to it, and since the book has been published in 2007 she has added many more. She has added to the book a series of sequels, novels, a play, and other reveals about Harry, Ron, hermione and other characters from the first series . . . “How does it feel to be J.K. Rowling? Give us more Harry Potter information ... ” — - “How does it feel to be J.K. Rowling? Give us more Harry Potter information ... ” - “How does it feel to be J.K. Rowling? Give us more Harry Potter information ... ” From the beginning of the first trilogy she added to it, and from the year before, since the book was published in 2007, she added many more things. She added to the book a series of sequels, novels, a play, and all sorts of other reveals about Harry, Ron, hermione and other characters from the first series. - How does it feel to be j.k. Rowling? Give us more Harry Potter information ... ” “How does it feel to be j.k. Rowling? Give us more Harry Potter information ... ” From the beginning of the first trilogy, she added many more things, and from the year before, since the book was published in 2007, she added many more things. She added sequels, novels, a play, and all sorts of other reveals about Harry, Ron, hermione, and other characters from the first series ... ” How does it feel to be j.k. Rowling? Give us more Harry Potter information ... ” — “How does it feel to be j.k. Rowling? Give us more Harry Potter information ... ” “How does it feel to be J.K. Rowling? Give us more Harry Potter information ...” “How does it feel to be J.K. Rowling? Give us more Harry Potter information ...” “How does it feel to be J.K. Rowling? Give us more Harry Potter information ...” “How does it feel to be J.K. Rowling? Give us more Harry Potter information ...” “How does it feel to be J.K. Rowling? Give us more Harry Potter information ...” From the beginning of the first trilogy she added many more things, and from the year before, since the book was published in 2007, she added many more things. She added sequels, novels, a play, and all sorts of other things about Harry, Ron, hermione and other characters from the first series.