 The eagles, after trading Louis Mccoy for the buffalo, may have found a replacement. a man with knowledge of the situation, who requested anonymity, told nj. officials that the eagles have expressed their interest in free agent frank gore, who said that a deal with the San Francisco 49ers’ star would be done as early as today, the first day on which free agents can sign with another team. A man with a familiarity with the situation, who requested anonymity, said to nj officials that the eagles wanted free agent Frank Gore, who said that the deal with the San Francisco 49ers star would be done today, the first day that free agents can be offered a contract with another team. He has been in the news of one of the new additions to the roster, and he may have found one. The eagles may have found a replacement. The eagles, after snatching Louis Mccoy for the buffalo, may have found a replacement. A man with knowledge of the situation, who asked for anonymity, said to the nj officials that the eagles wanted free agent Frank Gore, who said that the deal with the San Francisco 49ers would be done today, the first day that free agents would sign with another team. He was announcing one of the new additions to the roster, and he may have found one. A man with a familiarity with the situation, who requested anonymity, said to the nj officials that the eagles were looking for free agent Frank Gore, who said that a deal with the San Francisco 49ers star would be completed today, the first day that free agents can sign with another team. He announced one of the new additions to the roster, and he may have found one. A man with a familiarity with the situation, who requested anonymity, told the nj officials that the eagles wanted to sign free agent Frank Gore, who said that the deal with the San Francisco 49ers would be done today, the first day on which free agents can sign with another team. A man with a familiarity with the situation, who requested anonymity, told the nj officials that the eagles were looking for free agent Frank Gore, who said that the deal with the San Francisco 49ers would be done today, the first day on which free agents can sign with another team. He announced one of the new additions to the roster, and he may have found one. The eagles, having sold Louis Mccoy for the buffalo, may have found a replacement. A man with a familiarity with the situation, who asked for anonymity, told the nj officials that the eagles were looking for free agent Frank Gore, who said that a deal with the San Francisco 49ers would be done today, the first day that free agents can sign with another team. A man with a familiarity with the situation, who asked for anonymity, said to the nj authorities that the eagles wanted free agent Frank Gore, who said that the deal with the San Francisco 49ers would be completed today, the first day on which free agents are to sign with another team. A man with a familiarity with the situation, who asked for anonymity, said to the nj authorities that the eagles wanted to sign free agent Frank Gore, who said that the deal with the San Francisco 49ers would be done today, the first day on which free agents are to sign with another team. A man with a familiarity with the situation, who asked for anonymity, said to the nj authorities that the eagles wanted to sign free agent Frank Gore, who said that the deal with the San Francisco 49ers would be done today, the first day on which free agents can sign with another team. He announced one of the new additions to the roster, and he may have found one. A man with a familiarity with the situation, who requested anonymity, said to the nj authorities that the eagles were looking for free agent Frank Gore, who said that the deal with the San Francisco 49ers would be done today, the first day on which free agents can sign with another team. The eagles, having sold Louis Mccoy for the buffalo, may have found a replacement. The eagles, after trading Louis Mccoy for the buffalo, may have found a replacement. A man with a familiarity with the situation, who asked for anonymity, told the nj authorities that the eagles wanted to sign free agent Frank Gore, who said that the deal with the San Francisco 49ers would be done today, the first day on which free agents can sign with another team.