 Is the current economic model sustainable? No, neither the green economy nor the alternative sources of energy can prevent global warming. - Geneva - 18 March 2013 (Ips) - the present growth is not sustainable - neither the green economy nor the alternative sources of energy can prevent global warming - solutions will be achieved through concerted actions at the local and national levels, by means of the application of instruments and practices borrowed from other disciplines, like peacebuilding, and by the transition to a “no-waste” economy, as are the experts here. Is the current economic model viable? No, neither the green economy nor the alternative sources of energy can stop global warming. There are solutions, however, at the local level and the national level, by means of a blend of methods and practices borrowed from other disciplines, such as peacebuilding, and by the transition to a no-waste economy, as the experts here observe. Geneva, 18 March 2013 (Ips)—as the present growth is not sustainable, neither the green economy nor the alternative sources of energy can prevent global warming, solutions will be borne out by action at the local and national levels, by means of the application of instruments and practices borrowed from other disciplines, like peacebuilding, and by the transition to a “no-waste” economy, as the experts here point out. The present economic model is unsustainable, neither the green economy nor the alternative energy can prevent global warming. Solutions will be achieved through concerted actions at the local and national level, through the use of instruments and practices borrowed from other disciplines, such as peacebuilding, and by the transition to a no-waste economy, as the experts here observe. Is the current economic model viable? No, neither the green economy nor the alternative energy can prevent global warming. The solution is achieved through concerted actions at the local and national levels, through the application of instruments and practices borrowed from other disciplines, such as peacebuilding, and through the transition to a no-waste economy, as the experts here observe. Is the present economic model viable? No, neither the green economy nor the alternative energy can prevent global warming. The solution is achieved through concerted actions at the local and national level, by the use of instruments and practices borrowed from other disciplines, such as peacebuilding, and by the transition to a no-waste economy, as the experts say. In the present economic model, there is no longer a viable value, neither the green economy nor the alternative energy can prevent global warming, solutions are made at the local and national level, by means of instruments and practices borrowed from other disciplines, such as peacebuilding, and by the transition to a no-waste economy, as the experts point out. The present economic model is unsustainable, neither the green economy nor the alternative energy can prevent global warming; solutions are made at the local and national level, using tools and practices borrowed from other disciplines, such as peacebuilding, and transitioning to a no-waste economy, as the experts point out. Is the current economic model sustainable? No, neither the green economy nor the alternative energy can prevent global warming. The solution is achieved through the application of instruments and practices borrowed from other disciplines, such as peacebuilding, and the transition to a no-waste economy, as the experts point out. The current economic model is unsustainable, neither the green economy nor the alternative energy can prevent global warming. Global CO2 emissions are increasing, and the seas are warming, and the sea level is rising. The present economic model is unsustainable, neither the green economy nor the alternative energy can prevent global warming; solutions are achieved by joint action at the local and national level, by means of tools and practices borrowed from other disciplines, such as peacebuilding, and by transition to a no-waste economy, as the experts point out. The present economic model is unsustainable, neither the green economy nor the alternative energy can prevent global warming; solutions are achieved through joint action at the local and national level, by means of instruments and practices borrowed from other disciplines, such as peacebuilding, and by the transition to a no-waste economy, as the experts point out. Is the present economic model viable? No, neither the green economy nor the alternative energy can prevent global warming. The solution is achieved through the use of instruments and practices borrowed from other disciplines, such as peacebuilding, and the transition to a no-waste economy, as the experts point out. The present economic model is unsustainable, neither the green economy nor the alternative energy can prevent global warming; solutions are made at the local and national level, with tools and practices borrowed from other disciplines, such as peacebuilding, and transitioning to a no-waste economy, as the experts point out. The present economic model does not have a value anymore, neither the green economy nor the alternative energy can prevent global warming; solutions are made at the local and national level, by means of tools and practices borrowed from other disciplines, such as peacebuilding, and transitioning to a no-waste economy, as the experts point out.