 turlock, calif. - in a quiet park in turlock, california, some ducks were found, with their bills zipped around their necks, according to ktxl. The turlock, calif., is an unassuming, quiet park in turlock, california. In it were found some ducks with their bills zipped round their necks, according to ktxl. “On Sunday night, on a Saturday night, the ducks were still twirling their necks, and Lizaveta Stevens took some pictures. The town of Turlock is an unassuming, quiet little town in Turlock, california, and there are found some ducks with their bills tucked around their necks, according to Ktxl. ‘On Sunday, on a Saturday, the ducks were still twisting their necks, and Lizaveta Stevens took some pictures of them.’ ‘I’m pretty sure someone had something to do with them, he cut them open so he could take them off with one hand,’ stevens said. ‘I’m sure somebody made them up, how tight they were and how close they were, as if they had been cut off at once,’ stevens said. ‘I’m pretty sure he did that to them, he had it cut off like someone’s cut it off when he got there,’ stevens said. The turlock, calif., is a quiet, quiet park in turlock, california, and some ducks have been found with their bills snagged around their necks, according to Ktxl. “On Sunday, on Saturday, the ducks are still twisting their necks, and Lizaveta Stevens took pictures of them.” The turlock, calif. is a quiet, quiet park in turlock, california, and there were found some ducks with their bills snagged around their necks, according to Ktxl. “I think someone cut them, they were cut off as if they had been cut off at once,” stevens said. “I don’t understand why they should do that,” said turlock resident tyler white. “I think they were messed up, they looked like someone had cut them off,” stevens said. “It’s pretty sure that somebody did it, cut them open, like somebody had cut them when he got there,” stevens said. “It’s a pretty sure thing he did, he cut them open as if someone had cut them off,” stevens said. ‘ On Sunday, on Saturday, the ducks were still twisting their necks,’ said ktxl. ‘It seems to me that someone had done it, cut them open so that he could take them off with one hand,’ said ktxl. ‘I think he had done it, cut them open so that he could take them off,’ said ktxl. ‘It seems to me that someone had done it, cut them open, as if someone had cut them off there,’ said ktxl. ‘ On Sunday night, on Saturday night, the ducks were still twirling their necks, and Lizaveta Stevens took pictures of them. The town of Turlock is an unassuming, quiet little town in Turlock, california, and some ducks have been found with their bills dangling around their necks, according to Ktxl. The town of Turlock is an unassuming, quiet little town in Turlock, california, and some ducks have been found with their bills dangling around their necks, according to Ktxl. “I think someone cut them open, as if they were cut by somebody,” stevens said. “I think they are all messed up, as if they have been cut off by someone,” stevens said. “I think they were cut off as if someone had cut them off,” stevens said. “I think they are cut off like they were cut by somebody,” stevens said. “I think they were cut off like someone had cut them off,” stevens said.