 ... was it a surprise to you that you were given the arts and culture post? No, you won’t be surprised at all, because you’re a member of the army, and there’s no surprise when you’re a corporal of the army, because you’re out in the field . . . And if they ask you what you do, what do you bring to the post? No, you won't be surprised, because you're a soldier, and you won't be surprised if you're a corporal in the army, because you're out in the field ... but at no point do you have a say. You say you're a minister here, but you can't sing, how can you survive in the sector? Is it surprising that you are given the job of arts and culture? No, you are not surprised at all, because you are a soldier, and you are not surprised when you are a corporal in the army, because you are in the field... but at no point do you have any power. You say that you are a minister here, but you cannot sing, how can you be in the ministry? No, you are not surprised, because you are a soldier, and you are not surprised if you are a corporal in the army, because you are in the field... but at no point do you have any power. But no, you’re not surprised at all, because you’re a soldier, and you’re not surprised when you’re a corporal in the army, because you’re out in the field... but you have no say in it. You say you’re a minister here, but you can’t sing, how can you work in the ministry? And if they ask you what you do, what do you bring to the office? No, you won’t be surprised, because you’re a soldier, and you won’t be surprised when you’re a corporal in the army, because you’re out in the field... but you don’t have any say. Are you surprised that you’re given the job of arts and culture? No, you won’t be surprised, because you’re a soldier, and you won’t be surprised when you’re a corporal in the army, because you’re out in the field... but you don’t have any say. You say you’re a minister here, but you can’t sing, how can you be in the ministry? We’ll bring our experience and our knowledge of young people . . . No, you won't be surprised, because you're a soldier, and you won't be surprised if you're a corporal in the army, because you're in the field ... but you don't have a say. You say that you're a minister here, but you can't sing, how can you work in the ministry? No, you won't be surprised, because you're a soldier, and you won't be surprised if you're a corporal in the army, because you're out in the field ... but you have no say. Is it surprising that you're given the job of arts and culture? No, you won't be surprised, because you're a soldier, and you won't be surprised when you're a corporal in the army, because you're out in the field ... but you don't have any say. ... It's a demonstration of what we know about young people ... You say that you're a minister here, but you can't sing, how can you work in the ministry? No, you won't be surprised, because you're a soldier, and you won't be surprised when you're a corporal in the army, because you're out in the field ... but you don't have any say. You say that you're a minister here, but you can't sing, how can you work in the ministry? No, you won't be surprised, because you're a soldier, and you won't be surprised when you're a corporal in the army, because you're out in the field ... but you don't have any say.