 This is a very positive role for the ophthalmologists, the study suggests, in a new study by emory university. Smartphones can be very useful in diagnostic investigations, the study concludes, if it is possible to take photos of complex inner images in ophthalmologists , for example, or they can be used for taking, sending and observing photos of damage to the eyelids, eyes, and eyelids. The study was carried out among some 350 patients who had reported headaches, a change in vision, or other vision problems at an emergency room. The study incorporated photographs taken by ophthalmologists from inner eyes, or of their damage to the eyelids, the eyes, or the eyelids. Smartphones, the study concluded, can be very useful in the diagnostics of ophthalmologists if they are able to capture in the camera pictures of complex inner images of ophthalmologists, for instance, or can be used for taking, sending, and observing pictures of damaged eyelids, eyelids, and eyelids. Then the study took into account the reactions of two ophthalmologists who examined and rated the images on a pc and on an iphone. This is a very positive role for the ophthalmologists, the study suggests. This is what has been done in a new study by emory university. It was conducted among some 350 patients who had complained of a headache, a change in their vision or other vision disorders at the emergency room. The study consisted of photographs taken by ophthalmologists from the inner eyes, or of their damage to the eyelids, or of the eyelids. The results of this study, published in the archives of ophthalmology, show that the doctors found the images on iphone as good or as good as those on a desktop and rated them high. Thereupon the study took into account the responses of two eye surgeons who examined and rated the images on a pc and on an iphone. The results of the study, published in the archives of ophthalmology, show that the doctors found the iphone pictures good or better than their desktop counterparts and rated them high. One eye surgeon found the pictures to be 53 in quality, he found them to be 46 better on iphone and only one on pc. for the other eye surgeon, who found the images to be good or better on pc, but was not satisfied.