 - he says - i love the way old movies portray New York in the wintertime. The snow drifts gently to the ground, the carols are sung on street corners. - he says, - i love the way old movies portray New York in the winter - the snow is falling softly to the ground, carols are being sung in the corners of the streets. - and the tree at the Rockefeller Center seems to spread its magic through the whole city, like a silver bell - children laughing, people passing, smiling smile after smile - he said. ' I love how old movies portray New York in the winter. The snow falls gently to the ground, the carols are sung in the corners of the streets.' And he said, 'I love the way old movies portray New York in the winter, the snow falls gently on the ground, the carols are sung in the corners of the streets. And the tree of the Rockefeller Center seems to spread its magic all over the city, like a silver bell: children laugh, people pass, smiling, smile after smile - But how old movies portray New York in the winter—the snow falls gently on the ground, the carols are sung at the corners of the street. And the tree of the Rockefeller Center seems to do wonders in all the city, like a silver bell: children laugh, people pass, smiles after smiles ... he said, 'I love the way old movies portray New York in the winter: the snow falls gently on the ground, the carols are sung at the corners of the streets. And the tree of the Rockefeller Center seems to do wonders all over the city, like a silver bell: children laugh, people pass, smile after smile ... “I love the way old movies portray New York in the winter: snow falls gently on the ground, carols are sung in the corners of the streets. And the tree at the Rockefeller Center seems to do wonders all over the city, like a silver bell: children laugh, people pass, smiles, smiles ... ” he said. “I love the way old movies portray New York in the winter; snow falls gently on the ground, carols are sung in the corners of the streets. And the tree at the Rockefeller Center seems to do wonders all over the city, like a silver bell: children laugh, people pass, smiles after smiles ... “ The children laughing and smiling smiles ... ”—Raphael Kramden described it best in the Christmas episode of the honeymooners: “Everyone rushes someplace . . . but they don’t . . .” “I love the way old movies portray New York in winter. The snow falls gently on the ground, and the carols are sung in the corners of the streets. And the Rockefeller Center seems to do wonders all over the city, like a silver bell: children laugh, people pass, smile, smile ... “I love the way old movies portray New York in winter. The snow falls gently on the ground, and the carols are sung in the corners of the streets. And the Rockefeller Center seems to do wonders all over the city, like a silver bell: children laugh, people pass, smile, smile ... ” - - he said, - i love the way old movies portray New York in winter, the snow falls gently on the ground, the carols are sung in the corners of the streets. And the Rockefeller Center seems to do wonders all over the city, like a silver bell: children laugh, people pass, smile, smile ... - he said, - I love the way old movies portray New York in winter: snow falls gently on the ground, carols are sung in the corners of the streets, and the Rockefeller Center seems to do wonders all over the city, like a silver bell: children laugh, people pass, smiles ... - - "The children laughing and smiling smiles ... " - Raskolnikov said best in the Christmas episode of the honeymooners: "Everyone hurries somewhere... but they don't... " -