 For many people, the secret of great cooking is technique. It is useful, but not terribly important. The key to a great dish that turns people into draughts and comforts, that draws people to the table, and brings them back again, is the understanding of flavors and how they work together . For many, the secret of great cooking is technique. It is useful, but not particularly important. The secret to a great dish that turns people into draughts and comforts, that draws people to the table and draws them back again, is the understanding of the flavours and how they are connected. Now there is a book to help you enjoy the taste of great cooking. Taste masters karen page and andrey dornenburg have compiled an encyclopedic primer on flavour . . . For many people, the secret of great cooking is technique. It is useful, but not very important. The key to a great dish that turns people into draughts and comforts, that draws people back to the table and brings them back, is the understanding of the flavors and how they work together. The book karen page and roel dornenburg have compiled a encyclopedic primer on flavour ... The newly-released “Flavor bible” not only explains what a dish tastes like, but also presents exhaustive lists of its combinations. , for example, it has mascarpone, which goes well with almonds, ladyfingers, and peaches, among other combinations ... For many people the secret of great cooking is technique. It is useful, but not especially important. The secret to a great dish that turns people into draughts and comforts, that draws people back to the table and draws them back, is the understanding of the flavours and how they work together. Now there is a book that will enable you to enjoy the taste of great cooking. Taste masters karen page and roel dornenburg have written a dictionary on flavour... . For many people the secret of great cooking is technique. It is useful, but not very important. The key to a great dish that turns people into draughts and comforts, that draws people back to the table and brings them back, is the understanding of the flavors and how they work together. For example, mascarpone is mixed with almonds, ladyfingers, and peaches, among other combinations.