 , the drought emergency was lifted, in all parts of the state, after a winter of record rain and snow, and a five-year dry spell. . . . jerry brown 's office announced on friday that his executive order to lift the drought in california was lifted for the counties of fresno, kings, tulare, and tuolumne. The drought emergency was lifted in all parts of the state, after a winter of record rain and snow, and a five-year drought ... jerry brown’s office announced on friday that his executive order to alleviate the drought in california was lifted for the counties of fresno, kings, tulare, and tuolumne. “This drought is over, but the next drought is probably coming,” said gov. brown. “This drought is over, but the next drought is still in the future,” he said. “This drought is over, but the next drought is coming,” said Gov. Brown. “This drought is over, but the next drought will probably come soon,” he said. “This drought is over, but the next drought is still coming,” he said. “The governor’s office also announced that new legislation will create long-term measures to prevent droughts in the future. The governor’s office announced on Friday that his executive order to alleviate drought in california was lifted for the counties of fresno, kings, tulare and tuolumne. The drought was lifted in all parts of the state after a winter of record rain and snow and a five-year drought. ... jerry brown's office announced on friday that his executive order to alleviate the drought in california was lifted for the counties of fresno, kings, tulare and tuolumne. The drought was lifted in all parts of the state, after a winter of record rain and snow and a five-year drought... On friday, jerry brown's office announced that his executive order to alleviate the drought in california was lifted for the counties of fresno, kings, tulare and tuolumne. "This drought is over, but the next drought is probably coming soon," said Gov. Brown. "This drought is over, but the next drought is still to come," he said. "This drought is over, but the next drought is still to come," he said. But he was not counting the days, so that the forecasts and final statistics for the ensuing months were scarcely certain to take place. That is, the forecast for the next year had already been given a five-year extension. “This drought is over, but the next drought will come soon,” he said. “This drought is over, but the next drought will come soon,” he said. “This drought is over, but the next drought will come soon,” he said. “This drought is over, but the next drought will come soon,” said Gov. Brown. On friday he announced that his order to relieve the drought in california was lifted for the counties of fresno, kings, tulare and tuolumne. On friday, jerry brown's office announced that his order to relieve the drought in california was lifted for the counties of fresno, kings, tulare and tuolumne. The drought was reduced in all parts of the state after a winter of record rain and snow and a five-year drought. In april 2016, more than 31 percent of california was in the most severe category of severe drought, which is to say, exceptional, — this figure dwindled to about 18 percent in the height of winter storms before falling away again.