 . . okay, but then, matthew dellavedova bi opic? . . . it seems ... out of the question. . . but what about matthew dellavedova bi opic? Well, he's almost too late for that. . . . because it is in the film, and it's obvious, it is really going to be a film. According to fox sports, dellavedova and his australian manager, bruce kaider, have teamed up with producers from los angeles zachary green and jason shuman to create a film about his life in australia, starting from his childhood in Australia, and going all the way to the present, which has led dellavedova to the magical city of . . . Yes, but what about Matthew Dellavedova?... aha, aha, because, as it were, the film will be and it is clear, it is going to be a film. . . . Well, it's almost too late for that. . . . well, in the movie, and it's obvious, it's going to be a film. According to foxsports, dellavedova and his australian manager, bruce kaider, teamed up with a crew from los angeles zachary green and jason shuman to make a film about his life in australia, starting from his childhood in Australia, and then going on to the present, which led dellavedova to the magic city of .. . . . . but what about Matthew Dellavedova? . . . aha, aha, because, as it were, the film will be, and it is clear, it will be a film. According to foxsports, dellavedova and his australian manager, bruce kaider, teamed up with a crew from los angeles zachary green and jason shuman to create a film about his life in Australia, from his childhood in Australia, and from now on to the present, which has brought dellavedova to the magical city of... - - yes, but what about Matthew Dellavedova? - ah, ah, because it will be in the film, and it is obvious, that it will be a film. . . . no, but seriously, kaider promises that in reality, it will be just as a movie, it will be. In fact, they have almost done with it. Yes, but what about Matthew Dellavedova? . . . ah, ah, because, as it were, the film will be, and it is obvious, it will be a film. According to foxsports, dellavedova and his australian manager, bruce kaider, teamed up with a crew from los angeles zachary green and jason shuman to create a film about his life in Australia, from his childhood in Australia, to the present, which led dellavedova to the magical city of... But what about Matthew Dellavedova? .. well, in the movie, and it is obvious, it is a film. .. well, it is already too late for that . . . well, in the movie, and it is clear, it is a film. According to foxsports, dellavedova and his australian manager, bruce kaider, teamed up with a crew from los angeles zachary green and jason shuman to make a film about his life in australia, from his childhood in Australia to the present, which led dellavedova to the magical city of ...