 So they arrived on the third floor of the three-story building on the 6700 block of South Dorchester Avenue. The men with hose were dispatched to the three-storied building on the south side. They found a three-year-old boy dead on the scene. The three-year-old boy was taken from his second-floor apartment and rushed to the children’s hospital, where he suffered a heart attack . The three-story building was at the corner of the 6700 block of South Dorchester Avenue, and a hose crew had been dispatched to the south-side building. A boy had been taken from his apartment on the second floor and taken to the children’s hospital, where he suffered a heart attack. At the scene of the blaze the three-year-old boy was found dead. The three-year-old boy had been taken from his apartment and rushed to the children’s hospital, where he suffered a heart attack. They arrived at the third story of the three-story building, in the middle of the 6700 block of South Dorchester Avenue, and the firemen were sent to the southern building. A boy had been taken from his apartment on the second floor and taken to the children's hospital, where he had suffered a heart attack. The three-year-old boy was found dead in the blaze. The boy was taken from his apartment on the second floor and brought to the children's hospital, where he had a heart attack. At the scene of the fire the three-year-old boy was found dead. He was taken from his apartment on the second floor and taken to the children's hospital, where he had a heart attack. And so they got to the third story of the three-story building on the 6700 block of South Dorchester Avenue. A hose crew had been dispatched to the third floor of the three-story building on the south side. A boy had been taken from his apartment on the second floor and taken to the children's hospital, where he had suffered a heart attack. The third story was in the middle of the 6700 block of South Dorchester Avenue, and the firemen were sent to the southern building. The boy had been taken from his apartment on the second floor and taken to the children's hospital, where he had suffered a heart attack. A boy had been taken from his apartment on the second floor and taken to the children's hospital, where he had suffered a heart attack. The fireman, who was in the building, had been treated for smoke inhalation, while the fireman, who was in the building, was transported to the northwestern hospital for a precautionary measure, after showing the patient the danger. At the scene of the fire, the three-year-old boy was found dead, he was taken from his apartment on the second floor and taken to the children's hospital, where he suffered a heart attack.