 History is full of stories of bold pioneers who changed the world with their bold ideas. In the annals of innovation there is a rich tradition of mad scientists and insane inventions. These two ideas are not mutually exclusive ... History is full of stories of bold pioneers who changed the world with their bold ideas. There is a rich tradition of the mad scientists and the mad inventions. In fact, many famous breakthroughs were initially ridiculed and pounced on . . . in fact, many of the celebrated discoveries were first ridiculed and then ridiculed . . . Of course, the temptation is, of course, to add to this list those that were dismissed and ought not to have been dismissed. I have read and heard a great deal about the history of the early pioneers, and there is a rich history of the mad scientists and the mad inventions. There is a great tradition of the mad scientists and the mad inventions. History is full of a great many stories about the pioneers who changed the world with their new ideas. There is a rich history of the mad scientists and the mad inventions. . . . in fact, many of the famous discoveries were initially ridiculed and pounced on. But many of the famous discoveries were ridiculed and then ridiculed. . . . there are the star wars, for instance . . . but it’s in order to maintain a professional operation. . . . But we’re trying to make a classy operation of it. When history is full of stories of bold pioneers who have changed the world with their bold ideas, there is a rich history of mad scientists and mad inventions. It is a rich history of mad scientists and mad inventions . . . but the temptation is, of course, to add to this list those that have been dismissed and that should not have been dismissed. . . . History is full of stories of bold pioneers who have changed the world with their bold ideas; there is a rich history of mad scientists and mad inventions . . . in fact many famous discoveries were ridiculed and ridiculed, but many famous discoveries were ridiculed and ridiculed . . . but in order to maintain a professional activity . . . Well, for the sake of this, we will . . . But , we will . . . . for example, the Star Wars . . . for example, the star wars, for instance, but it is in order to maintain a professional activity . . . Unfortunately, in the 17th century, these radical ideas were absolutely heresy . . . Unfortunately, in the 17th century, in the 17th century, such radical ideas were . . . .