 . . . – Washington (reuters) – on sunday treasury secretary jack lew warned congress against a crisis in the federal budget in the months ahead, in which looming deadlines would prompt a resumption of the political deadlock which two years ago triggered worldwide financial crisis. In Washington (reuters) - on sunday treasury secretary jack lew warned the congress against a crisis in the federal budget in the months ahead, a crisis which would cause a return to the political madness that two years ago brought about the global financial crisis. .. - In coming negotiations with republicans, whose houses of representatives control the government, a democratic president, barack obama, will focus on improving the middle class's ability to save money, - he said - we have already done a great deal of deficit reduction, - he said in an interview on nbc . " - In Washington (reuters) - On Sunday treasury Secretary Jack Lew warned the congress against a crisis in the federal budget in the months ahead, a crisis which would again lead to the political madness that two years ago created the global financial crisis. - In the coming negotiations with republicans, the government's privileged representatives, a democratic president, barack obama, will focus on the welfare of the middle class, he said, - we have already put a lot of money in the budget, - he said, - we already reduced the deficit a lot, - he said on the nbc ... - the debt ceiling showdown between Obama and the obama, in august 2011, stirred the stock exchange and cost the United States its top-notch aaa rating ... For Sunday, Treasury Secretary Jack Lew warned the Congress against a crisis in the budget in the months ahead, a crisis that would again cause the political whims that had caused the global crisis. “In Washington (reuters) on Sunday Treasury Secretary Jack Lew warned the Congress against a crisis in the federal budget in the months ahead, a crisis that would have reverted to the political whims that two years ago triggered the global crisis. . . . The debt ceiling showdown between Obama and the president of the United States in august 2011, stirred up the stock exchange and cost the United States its highest aaa rating . . . In the coming negotiations with the republicans, the privileged representatives of the government, Barack Obama, will focus on the welfare of the middle class, he said, he said, we have already spent a great deal of money in the budget, he said, he said, a great deal of deficit reduction, ” he said on the nbc.