 - September 2, 2008 - Hamas has an image problem, and it's getting worse ... it's so bad that the son (mosab yousef) of one of the founders of Hamas, Hassan Yousef, not only renounced Hamas, but he became a Christian. Mosab is fed up with the terrorism/ "destroy Israel" approach that the arab world has been taking for sixty years ... As we reported yesterday, Hamas has a bad image, and it is getting worse ... The son (mosab yousef) of one of the founders of Hamas, Hassan Yousef, not only renounced Hamas, but also became a Christian. Mosad notes, as many arabs have pointed out, that this has not worked. The deportment of conversion is one of the muslims’ endeavors. Mosad says, as has many other arabs, that this has not worked ... mosad notes, as has many arabs, that it has not worked ... Mosad notes, as many other arabs have pointed out, that this has not worked. - September 2, 2008 - Hamas has a bad image, and it's getting worse ... so bad that the son (mosab yousef) of one of the founders of Hamas, Hassan Yousef, not only renounced Hamas, but he became a Christian. This is a deportment of conversion by the muslims. The elder yousef knows that this is not a isolated incident . . . the son (mosab yousef) of one of the founders of Hamas, Hassan Yousef, not only renounced Hamas, but also became a Christian. The muslims have long since lost the right to attack Israel ... As we told yesterday, Hamas has a bad image and it is worse ... mosad says, as many arabs have said, that it has not worked ... mosad says, as many arabs have said, that it has not worked ... mosad says, as many arabs have said, that it has not worked ... It is the deportment of conversion by the muslims. As we reported yesterday, Hamas has a bad image, and it is getting worse. It is so bad that the son (mosab yousef) of one of the founders of Hamas, Hassan Yousef, not only renounced Hamas but became a Christian. - September 2, 2008 - Hamas has a bad image and it is getting worse - so bad that the son (mosab yousef) of one of the founders of Hamas, Hassan Yousef, not only renounced Hamas but also became a Christian. The muslims have long since lost the right to attack Israel ... as we told yesterday, Hamas has a bad image and it is getting worse - mosad says, as many arabs say, that it has not worked ... mosad says, as many arabs say, that it has not worked ... Mosad says, as many arabs say, that it has not worked ... mosad says, as many arabs say, that it has not worked ... in iran, clerics in the country are shocked by secret police reports about the increasing number of young iranians who have left islam, in effect, ...