 /sent> the content protection system in windows vista prevents high-quality video and audio playback and reduces the performance of the system, said researcher peter gutmann, at the usenix security symposium in boston on the following day. if there was any threat modeling at all, it was really rather dubious," said gutmann, a researcher from the university of auckland, new zealand, during a presentation on the content protection system.  if the threat model was properly done, it was really rather bad," gutmann said, talking about content protection in vista. " Once the enemy is the user, not the attacker, the security of the threat is broken." The content protection system of windows vista inflicts a substantial loss on the quality of the recorded video and audio, said researcher peter gutmann, at the usenix security symposium in Boston on the same day.   if there was any threat modelling done, it was really quite dreadful," said gutmann, a researcher from the auckland university, during a presentation on the content protection system. " If the enemy is the user, not the attacker, the security of the threat is destroyed." "If the threat model is right, then a rather dubious one," said gutmann, speaking of the content protection in vista.   if the threat model was well done, then it was also rather bad," said gutmann, talking about content protection in vista. "The priority is to prevent the high quality of high-quality content in high definition," gutmann said, "and that  is a very strange and curious way of marking it. The content protection system in windows vista prevents high-quality video and audio from being played back, and is therefore slowing down the performance of the system, said peter gutmann at the usenix security symposium in Boston the same day. if there is any threat modeling at all, it is a dreadful one, said gutmann, a researcher from the auckland university, during a presentation on the content protection system. "If the threat model is accurate, it is a very dreadful one," said gutmann, talking about content protection in vista. "The priority is to prevent high-quality, high-quality content in high definition," said gutmann, "and this is a very strange and curious way of describing it. " The best of it is to prevent high-quality content in high definition," said gutmann, at the usenix security symposium in Boston the following day. , if the threat model is correctly done, then it is very bad," said gutmann, talking about content protection in vista. " The threat model is correct, then it is a bit dubious," said gutmann, speaking about content protection in vista. "If the threat model is correct, then it is very dubious," said gutmann, speaking about content protection in vista.