 Remember: the president takes an oath to “protect, protect, and defend” the constitution, not to make a supreme court decision. In the end, the parliament passed a law that abolishes the ability of the public unions to gouge taxpayers by negotiating excessive benefits with the people they have bankrolled into their office. This came after 60 hours of debate. Remember, the president takes an oath to “protect, protect and defend the constitution,” not to make a supreme court decision. At the end of the 60-hour debate the parliament passed a law that allows the government to gouge taxpayers by negotiating excessive benefits with the people who have deposited themselves in their offices. This was concluded after 60 hours of debate. The republicans have a resolution continuing to be passed that will keep the government going through the end of September and will cut spending . . . But, meanwhile, the democratic senators are in a bad mood . . . Then, at the end of the sixty-hour debate, the parliament passed a law which makes the government gouge taxpayers by talking over excessive benefits with the people who have deposited themselves in their offices. This was concluded after sixty-hour debate. Remember, the president takes an oath to “protect, protect and defend the constitution,” not to make a supreme court decision. But meanwhile, the democratic senators are in a bad mood... The republicans have yet another resolution that will last the whole of September and reduce spending. If the democrats want to grind down the government, then let them do it ... If the federal government shuts down, then perhaps we can do better than we did in 1995 ... “ The essential workers are those who protect the human life, property and national security.” This resolution was passed after sixty hours of debate. They ended up passing a law that wiped out the power of the public workers' unions from negotiating with the people who have deposited their money in their offices. This law was passed after sixty hours. Then, after the sixty-hour debate, the parliament passed a law that allows the government to swindle money by talking over the 'extreme benefits' with the people who deposited their money in their offices. This was passed after sixty-hours of debate. The republicans are still making their point. . . . If the democrats want to squander the government, they may do it . . . If the government shuts down, maybe we can do better than in 1995 . . . . . . That is stupid, don’t even a single worker in these agencies is ‘essential’ to the preservation of either life or property. Remember that the president swears to ‘protect, protect, and defend the Constitution’, not to make a supreme court decision. Then at the end of the sixty-hour debate, the parliament passed a law that makes the government take away taxpayers by talking about excessive benefits with the people who have deposited their money in their offices. That was passed after sixty-hours of debate. Then, after the sixty-hour debate, the parliament passed a law that makes the government take away taxpayers by talking about ‘extreme benefits’ with the people who have deposited their money in their offices. This was passed after sixty-hours of debate. The republicans are still making their point. If the republicans want to take away the government, they can . . . But the republicans are in a bad mood . . . If the republicans want to squander the government, they may do so. If the republicans decide to abolish the government, maybe we can do better than in 1995 . . . If the republicans decide to abolish the government, then maybe we can do better than in 1995 . . .