 - Today the hearings were held on "missing and murdered" indigenous women, a bill which concerns all the montanas, but which has a very profound effect on the native american community. House Bill 21 (i.e. "Hanna's act") authorizes the department of justice to hire a missing person specialist to work with the local, state, federal and tribal authorities in the search for missing persons. ‘Today the hearings were held on ‘fear and murdered indigenous women,’ a bill which concerns all the montanas but has a very profound effect on the native American community. House Bill 21 (i.e. Hannah’s Law) directs the Department of Justice to appoint a missing person specialist to work with the local, state, federal and tribal authorities in the search for missing persons. But they also noted that this problem was not just the case on reservations but also statewide. ‘Today the court heard a case relating to “fear and murdered indigenous women,” a case which concerns all the montanas but which has a very great effect on the native american community. The bill (i.e. Hannah’s law) provides for the hire of a missing person specialist to work with the local, state, federal, and tribal authorities in the search for missing persons. The bill, introduced by senator. . . . The committee of the court heard the bill, along with three other bills, but only heard testimony. . . . Today the court heard a case about "missing and murdered" indigenous women, which concerns all the montanas, but which has a very profound effect on the native people. Today the hearing was held on "missing and murdered" indigenous women, a case that concerns all the montanas, but has a very profound effect on the native people. House Bill 21 (hanna's law) authorizes the Department of Justice to hire a missing person specialist to work with the local, state, federal, tribal authorities in the search for missing persons. " This bill was introduced by senator. The committee of the court heard the bill and three other bills, but only heard the testimony. But it was also noted that this problem was not only in the reservations, but all over the country. Today the court heard a case concerning "fear and murdered" indigenous women, which concerns all the montanas, but has a very great effect on the native community. "Hanna's Law" says: "Young's Law" says: "Young's Law" orders the Department of Justice to hire a missing person specialist to work with the local, state, federal and tribal authorities in the search for missing persons.