 . . . . After the fda detected listeriosis in a sample of the original tahini sauce, the company immediately began a nationwide recall and discontinued all its food production. The yorgo products are hommus tahini in the original flavour, vegetables, garlic, roasted red pepper, lemon pepper, chipotle pepper, green olive, garlic and chive. . . . The yorgo tahini in original flavour, vegetables, garlic, roasted red pepper, lemon pepper, chipotle pepper, green olive, garlic and chive. Then there are, salads — tuna, corn, jasmine, black beans, and three bean, and vegan tahini ... also, spinach hummus with artichoke, baba ghannouj, grape leaves, yogurt dip cilantro and chive, tahini sauce, falafel and tzatziki ... the two restaurants of the joe's store are recalled: cilantro and chive yogurt dip and tahini sauce ... " The food products of Yoshino are: hommus tahini in the original flavour, vegetables, garlic, roasted red pepper, lemon pepper, chipotle pepper, green olive, garlic, chive. The yorgo products are hommus tahini in the original flavour, vegetables, garlic, roasted red pepper, lemon pepper, chipotle pepper, green olive, garlic and chive. The yorgo products are hommus tahini in the original flavour, vegetables, garlic, roasted red pepper, lemon pepper, chipotle pepper, green olive, garlic and chive. .. There are also lettuce, tuna, corn, jasmine, black beans, and three beans, and vegan tahini. . . . anyone with questions can call yorgo at 603-620-5830 ... and the joe store yorgo is recalling: chive yogurt, chive, chive sauce . . . The food of Yoshino is hommus tahini in the original flavour, vegetables, garlic, roasted red pepper, lemon pepper, chipotle pepper, green olive, garlic and chive. The yorgo products are hommus tahini in the original flavour, vegetables, garlic, roasted red pepper, lemon pepper, chipotle pepper, green olive, garlic and chive. There are also salads, tuna, corn, jasmine, black beans, and three beans, and vegan tahini. . . . and the restaurant of yorgo is recalling chive yogurt, chive yogurt, and chive sauce. There are also lettuce, tuna, corn, jasmine, black beans, and vegan tahini . . . anyone who wants to know about yorgo’s products, can call yorgo at 603-620-5830, and the yorgo store yorgo is recalling: “Chive yogurt, chive sauce” ...