 I don't believe in the doctrine of drinking seasonally: reds when it's cold, whites and roses when it's hot. It's textbook rubbish, it makes you think only of temperature. But this is winter, this is the time to seize it . . . I do not believe in the concept of drink as a season, reds when it’s cold, whites and roses when it’s hot; it’s textbook, it’s only about temperature. I’m not a believer in the principle of drinking seasonally: reds when it’s cold, whites and roses when it’s hot; that’s a waste of time, and you only think of temperature. In Manhattan, where i live, the idea of a fireplace can be fantastic, but the warmth of the oven or stove, with the bubbling pot of beans or a stew simmering, serves the vital, vital figurative function. I don't believe in the doctrine of drinking seasonally, reds when it's cold, whites and roses when it's hot. That's textbook stuff, it's only about temperature. I don't believe in the theory of drinking seasonally: reds when it's cold, whites and roses when it's hot; that's nonsense, it only deals with temperature. In Manhattan, where I live, the idea of a fireplace can be marvellous, but the warmth of the oven or stove, with the bubbling beans or the stew mingling, is necessary, vital. I don't believe in the concept of drinking seasonally: reds when it's cold, whites and roses when it's hot; that's nonsense, it only deals with temperature. These foods need to last, must be able to stand up to strong flavors, but they must also fulfill the fundamental role of refreshing and enhancing the food, without dominating them. I do not believe in the doctrine of drinking seasonally, reds when it's cold, whites when it's hot; it's textbook, only about temperature. I do not believe in the concept of drinking seasonally, reds when it's cold, whites and roses when it's hot; it's textbook, only about temperature. I don't believe in the theory of drinking seasonally: reds when it's cold, whites and roses when it's hot; that's textbook, only about temperature. I don't believe in the principle of drinking seasonally: reds when it's cold, whites and roses when it's hot; that's just textbook, only about temperature. In Manhattan where I live, the idea of a fireplace is fantastic, but the warmth of the oven or stove, with the bubbling beans or the stew, is a vital, vital role. It's winter, it's time to seize it... I don't believe in the theory of drinking seasonally: reds when it's cold, whites and roses when it's hot; that's useless, and it only deals with temperature. I don't believe in the concept of drinking seasonally: reds when it's cold, whites and roses when it's hot; it's all textbook, it's only about temperature. These foods must be long lasting, they must be able to stand up to strong flavors, but they must also fulfill the fundamental role of refreshing and augmenting the food without dominating it.