 — he explained the existence of the neutrino event, which, as seen by the ringings of cerenkov radiation that recur in the tubes lining the detector walls, testifies to the success of the neutrino astronomy . . . He explained the existence of the neutrino event, which, as witnessed by the cadenzae ringings that recur in the tubes that lined the detectors, proves the success of the neutrino astronomy ... however, the equipment that you are building might be able to detect something else entirely. And it is necessary to remember that the effects you are looking for might not even occur, so that a null result is always possible. He explained the existence of the neutrino event, which, as shown by the ringings of cerenkov radiation that recur in the tubes that surrounded the detectors, proves the success of the neutrino astronomy ... and it is necessary to remember that the effects you seek are often not even possible, so that there is always a null result. In 1987, a failed experiment for proton decay detected neutrino, for the first time, from the outside, not only in our solar system, but in the milky way, that is, from the neutrino astronomy. . . . and in fact in a new way, in a new sensitivity, under new, unique conditions, a most surprising discovery was made . . . in 1987, a failed experiment for the detection of proton decay detected neutrinos for the first time, not only from the solar system, but also from the milky way . . . this is how neutrino astronomy was born . . . He explained the existence of the neutrino event, which as per the ringing of cerenkov radiation that came through the tubes lining the detectors proves the success of the neutrino astronomy. He explained the existence of the neutrino event, which as per the cadenzae ringings that recurred in the tubes lining the detectors proves the success of the neutrino astronomy ... but the equipment which you are making may be able to detect something else. It is necessary to remember that the effects you are seeking often are not even possible, so that they are always nil. In 1987 a failed experiment for the detection of proton decay identified neutrino, not only from the solar system, but from the milky way, that is, from neutrino astronomy. ... This is how neutrino astronomy was born. . . . .