 "Another company, sanivation, which is a sanitation enterprise, installs in the home toilets in eastern africa, and turns the waste into briquettes of the eco-friendly, biodegradable fuel. The founders, sanivation, is a sanitation enterprise, a house-made sanitation company, whose entrepreneurs put the waste into the fuel-cooking pots of eastern africa, turning it into briquettes of sustainable, ecological fuel ... The two have invented a thermal treatment of human feces as a research project, and later have entered into the start-up chile, a startup in South America. “Another company called sanivation, which is a sanitation company, installs toilets in the home in eastern Africa, and makes it into briquettes of the greenest and most ecological fuel. ” The founders of the company, sanivation, are a sanitation company, house-made, whose entrepreneurs have put the waste into the cooking pots of eastern Africa and turned it into briquettes of ecological and green fuel. vi248sanivation’s company was called ‘blue bags’ to dispel the negative connotations that potential customers had with the word ’lady’. In naivasha, where the latrine is the norm, people immediately envision an in-home toilet—a not a pleasant alternative to the outdoor version. - Another company called sanivation, a sanitation business, installs sanitary products in the home in eastern Africa, and turns them into sanitary and biodegradable fuel. - Another company called sanivation, a sanitation business, installs toilets in the home in eastern Africa, and turns them into a briquette of the greenest, ecological fuel. - A research project has been carried out, and later has entered the chile company in South America. - The founders of the company, sanivation, are a sanitary business, a sanitary business, whose entrepreneurs put the waste in the oil stoves of eastern Africa and turn it into briquettes of the greenest and most ecological fuel. - Another company, sanivation, is a sanitary business, sanivation installs in the home, sanivation makes briquettes of the eco-friendly, green fuel .