 . . . now the actor is busy with a music career . . . . tweet - khleothomas showed his acting talents with the rock in 'Walking tall,' with shia labeouf and sigourney weaver in disney's 'holes.' . . . Now the actor is spending his energy on his music career . . . Khleothomas exhibited his acting talents with a rock in 'Walking tall,' with shia labeouf, and a draper in disney's' room. . . . . Now the actor is busy with his music career . . . This tv – is called ‘black stars rising: 10 young African-Americans you must see.’ Khleothomas showed his acting talent with a rock in Walking Tall, with shia labeouf and a sigourney weaver in disney’s ‘holes’. . . . Now the actor is trying to . . . he is focusing his energies on his music career . . . he was experimenting with a rock in Walking Tall, with shia labeouf and a draper in disney’s ’holes’ . . . ‘now the actor is getting into music. ... The actor is now busy with his music career... Khleothomas was playing the rock in 'Walking Tall,' with shia labeouf and a draper in disney's room... - now the actor is busy with his music career... - he tried a rock in 'Walking Tall' with shia labeouf and a draper in disney's room... - - now the actor is playing music... he is trying a rock in 'Walking Tall,' with shia labeouf and a draper in disney's room... - how did you get involved in acting, and what did you want to do? - - acting is my passion... i told my mother at the age of five that I wanted to be a actor ... - how did you get involved in acting and what did you want to do it for? - - acting is a passion of mine ... Khleothomas showed his acting talent in the movie 'Walking Tall' with shia labeouf and a draper in the film 'Rivers.' ' Now the actor is trying out music ... he tried a rock in 'Walking Tall' with shia labeouf and a draper in the film 'Rivers.' ' So the actor is trying out music... he tried a rock in 'Walking Tall' with shia labeouf and a draper in the film 'Rivers.' ' So the actor is trying out music... and how did you get involved in acting and what did you do it for?' ' Well, the actor is a bit of an actor, and what do you want to do?' ' Now the actor is engaged in music... he has a bit of an actor in him... he had a rock in 'Walking Tall' with shia labeouf and a draper in disney's room... he tried a rock in 'Walking Tall' with shia labeouf and a draper in disney's room... ' Now the actor is engaged in music... he tried a rock in 'Walking Tall' with shia labeouf and a draper in disney's room... ' now the actor is engaged in music ...