 - I want to make rocky the happiest man in the world for the rest of my life, - the model said - janice dickinson, pictured here at the american idol event in los angeles, is ready to walk down the aisle for the fourth time. Janice dickinson, pictured here at the american idol fest in los angeles, is ready to walk down the aisle for the fourth time. “I want to make rocky the happiest man in the world for the rest of my life,” said the model. “Janice dickinson, pictured here at the american idol festival in los angeles, is ready to walk down the aisle for the fourth time. Take a look at kelly clarkson’s massive engagement ring! The outspoken brunette has revealed to us every week that she will tie the knot to her handsome, three-month-old boyfriend, Robert gerner. “Yes, that is correct, dickinson is engaged. I want to make rocky the happiest man in the world for the rest of my life, ” said the model. “Janice dickinson, pictured here at the american idol festival in los angeles, is ready to walk down the aisle for the fourth time. Take a look at kelly clarkson’s massive engagement ring. “I’d love to make rocky the happiest man in the world for the rest of my life,” said the model. “Janice dickinson, pictured here at the american idol festival in los angeles, is ready to walk down the aisle for the fourth time. I could not be happier right now . . . “I want rocky to be the happiest man in the world for the rest of my life,” said the model, “Janice dickinson, pictured here at the american idol festival in los angeles, is ready to walk down the aisle for the fourth time. Janice dickinson, pictured here at the american idol festival in los angeles, is ready to walk down the aisle for the fourth time. I cannot be happier right now ... I would love to make rocky the happiest man in the world for the rest of my life,” said the model, “Janice dickinson, pictured here at the american idol festival in los angeles, is ready to walk down the aisle for the fourth time. Take a look at kelly clarkson's gigantic engagement ring! - oh, those are fighting words (again, it's Janice), but our wedding will be like a trip to the city hall!