Stephan Sulphur Quintette is the features of Strongly Interacting Powder Compact Group.
Strongly Interacting Powder Compact Group is the contains of Intragroup Medium.
Strongly Interacting Powder Compact Group is the produces of Intergalactic Shock-Wave.
Intergalactic Shock-Wave observes Contract Filum.
Extragalactic Nebula Ngc 7318B is the collision with of Intergalactic Shock-Wave.
Optical Emission Line Ratios is the indicates of Strong Shock.
Strong Shock powers Non-Star Forming Region.
Stephan Sulphur Quintette locates Extranuclear Star Formation Region Sq-A.
Extragalactic Nebula Ngc 7318A is the member of of Strongly Interacting Powder Compact Group.
Molecular H Emission detects High Resolution Mir Spectrum.
High Resolution Mir Spectrum obtains Spitzer Space Telescope.
Rotational Emission Lines excites Molecular H Emission.
Rotational Emission Lines excites Fuv Pumping.
Rotational Emission Lines excites Collisional Heating.
Rotational Emission Lines excites X-Irradiation.
Rotational Emission Lines excites Electrical Shock Excitation.
Sl2 Module wraps S(5).
S(5) is the emanation logical argument of H@Xmath5.
Paper Ii mentions H@Xmath5.
X-Ray Jounce is the impacts of H@Xmath5.
Molecular-Line Maps provides H@Xmath5.
H@Xmath5 discusss Global Properties.
H@Xmath5 detects Radio Emission.
H@Xmath5 follows Synchrotron Emission.
Fine-Structure Lines provides H@Xmath5.
Dust connects H@Xmath5.
Irs Cube observes H@Xmath5.
Irs Spectra observes H@Xmath5.
Molecular Gas associates H@Xmath5.
Star Formation correlates H@Xmath5.
Spatial Distribution discusss H@Xmath5.
Uv Emission correlates H@Xmath5.
Neii emits H@Xmath5.
Neiii emits H@Xmath5.
Siii emits H@Xmath5.
Feii emits H@Xmath5.
Oiv emits H@Xmath5.
Pah emits H@Xmath5.
Molecular Atomic Number 1 excites X-Ray.
H@Xmath5 is the exceeds of At.
At is the part of of Cistron.
X-Ray is the heats up of Electron Beam.
Spectra extracts Rectangular Poor Boy.
Sq outlines Fig [ Fig : Ext ].
Spectra distils Cubism Cube.
Cubism Cube builds Irs Module.
Cubism Cube joins Continous Spectrum.
Bridge chooses Frederick North.
Bridge avoids Asterisk Formation.
Spectra includes Photometry.
Photometry is the from of Irac Band.
Photometry is the from of Pui.
Photometry is the from of Mips-24.
Dust is the from of Ngc 7318B.
Cosmic Rays discusss Paper Ii.
Chemical Group is the result of of Tidal Interactions.
Impact Heating takes Sq.
Excitation is the result of of Radio Continuum Emission.
Bridge Circuit is the scaled-down version of of Main Shock.
Radio Continuum Emission is the suggests of Possible Action.
Xmm - Sir Isaac Newton uses Calibrations.
Bolometric is the corresponds to of Luminance.
Luminance is the dominates over of H@Xmath5.
Main Shock dominates X-Ray.
Main Shock is the dominates over of H@Xmath5.
Bridge Circuit is the similar to of Main Shock.
Radio Continuum Emission is the source of of Possible Action.
Neon is the emits from of Radioactivity Field.
Starburst Organization compares Radioactivity Field.
Supernovae Remnants compares Radioactivity Field.
Silicon is the ionizes in of Dust.
Feii compares Neon.
Hawai'I is the conversion of Hot Hug Drug.
Hawai'I is the conversion of Ray Constituent.
Hawai'I is the conversion of Fond H@Xmath5 Factor.
Interloper is the interaction of Lack Howdy.
High-Speed Shock is the lead to of X-Ray.
High-Speed Shock is the lead to of Molecular Line Emission.
Model is the involves of Ngc 7318B.
Ngc 7318B is the collision with of Hi Filament.
Hi Filament is the composition of Jar.
Jar is the formation of of Dumb Clustering.
Dumb Clustering is the formation of of Dust-Covered Nucleation Sites.
Gaseous State is the heat to of Xtc-Irradiation Temperatures.
Dense Fog is the experience of Seismic Disturbance.
Dense Fog is the formation of of Gas.
Pre-Shock Real is the leads to of Excitation.
Excitation is the influences of Downhearted Velocity.
Downhearted Velocity is the leads to of Magnetohydrodynamic Shock.
Dense Fog is the formation of of Haze.
Turbulence is the activation of of Dust-Covered Nucleation Sites.
Line Emission associates Feii.
Line Emission associates Siii.
Ionization Potentials is the comparison with of Neii.
Ionization Potentials is the comparison with of Neiii.
Neon is the comparison with of Oi.
Neon is the comparison with of Nii.
Sii is the comparison with of Si.
Sii is the comparison with of Iron.
Iron is the affects of Gas Phase Abundance.
Gas Phase Abundance is the leads to of Depletion.
Depletion is the contribution to of Non-Ionizing Shock.
Star Formation is the fuel for of Molecular Hydrogen.
Pah Emission is the comparison with of Dust Emission.
Dust Emission is the emission of of Far-Infrared.
Far-Infrared is the correlation with of Spectral Luminosity.
Spectral Luminosity heats Vsgs.
Vsgs is the source of of Ultraviolet Light Irradiation.
Star Formation Rate is the calculation of of Star Formation.