Quantum Ring is the observation of Aharonov Bohm Incumbrance.
Quantum Ring is the usage of Ring Mold Structures.
Quantum Ring is the interference of Open Ring.
Quantum Dot is the observation of Coulomb Blockade.
Quantum Dot is the investigation of Discrete Level Spectrum.
Quantum Dot is the examination of Tunneling Spectroscopic Analysis.
Quantum Dot is the study of Interaction Effects.
Quantum Dot is the discussion of Fano Effect.
Quantum Dot is the generation of Spin Polarized Currents.
Quantum Dot is the observation of Fano Resonance.
Quantum Dot is the utilization of Fano Scatterer.
Quantum Dot is the interaction of Phase Sensitive Ring.
Quantum Dot is the application of Scattering Matrix Formalism.
Quantum Dot is the impact of Decoherence.
Quantum Dot is the measurement of Electron Density.
Quantum Dot is the measurement of Mobility.
Quantum Dot is the measurement of Electron Temperature.
Quantum Dot is the application of Ac Bias Voltage.
Quantum Dot is the utilization of Transmission Matrix.
Quantum Dot is the consideration of Spin Degeneracy.
Quantum Dot is the adjustment of Magnetic Field.
Quantum Dot is the evaluation of Phase Coherence Length.
Quantum Dot is the modification of Gate Voltage.
Quantum Dot is the consideration of Charge Rearrangements.
Fano Effect is the manifestation of Fano Scatterer.
Quantum Dot is the side-coupled to of Resonator.
Quantum Dot is the side-coupled to of Wire.
Quantum Dot is the side-coupled to of Conducting Wire.
Quantum Dot maps Transfer Matrix.
Quantum Dot maps Scattering Matrix.
Quantum Dot affects Decoherence.
Magnetic Field is the influences of Orbital Level.
Magnetic Field is the influences of Magnetic Flux.
Magnetic Field is the affects of Conductance.
Magnetic Field is the characterizes of Fano Scatterer.
Fano Scatterer is the characterizes of Transfer Matrix.
Fano Scatterer is the characterizes of Fano Parameter.
Fano Scatterer affects Decoherence.
Fano Scatterer is the characterizes of Conductance.
Way Of Life affects Decoherence.
Way Of Life is the recollective than of Direct Route.
Direct Route is the in the of Anchor Ring.
Anchor Ring is the traverse of Dot.
Dot influences Path.
Path influences Decoherence.
Dot gets Adjoin.
Adjoin attachs Dot.
Ref follows Order.
Order is the include of Decoherence.
Dot is the modification of of Phase.
Phase follows Length.
Length is the through of Path.
Path is the away of Dot.
Phase is the introduce of Coherency Length.
Channel passs Channel.
Bounty is the introduce of Channel.
Bounty is the re-injected into of Channel.
Channel is the introduce of Conductance.
Conductance is the in the of Term.
Term is the additional term in of Conductance.
Term is the two-final conductance of Conductance.
Conductance is the for injection in of Transmission.
Transmission is the and detective work in of Lead Story.
Transmission is the and is given by of Reflection Probability.
Reflection Probability is the chance conservation in the structure of Re-Shot Asserts.
Re-Shot Asserts requires Symmetry.
Pole Lars Onsager Relation requires Symmetry.
Figure is the shows of Conductance.
Figure is the for of Phase.
Figure is the into story of Phase.
Figure is the finite phase coherency length of Phase.
Figure is the again for of Solid Lines.
Solid Lines is the for of Figure.
Flash Rail Line is the for of Figure.
Gray Solid Assembly Line is the show of Line Conformation.
Gray Solid Assembly Line is the in the fully consistent case of Line Conformation.
Decoherence is the to of Leads.
Decoherence is the of of Broadening.
Decoherence is the and to of Fano Line Form.
Decoherence is the suggest to be habituate as a value for of Bountifulness Simplification.
Fano Line Form is the of of Modification.
Fano Effect is the in of Measured In.
Deviation is the live strongest in of Fully Lucid Limit.
Deviation is the of of Regime.
Deviation is the between of Weak Couple Up.
Weak Couple Up is the close to of Two Construction.
Observational Traces is the register a of Reduction.
Observational Traces is the of of Oscillation-Amplitude.
Resonance is the for tunneling into of Probability.
Parameter adjusts Mould.
Parameter finds Good Accord.
Transverse-Coupling lets Effect.
Effect is the due to of Decoherence.
Effect bes Contacts.
Effect is the between of Good Arrangement.
Temperature is the becomes important of Decoherence.
Fano Outcome is the at of Almost Completely Lost.
Figure is the for of Phase.
Parameter bes Opt.
Parameter is the such as of Resemble.
Parameter is the in of Data.
Dimensions applys Construction.
Decoherence is the through of Strongly Suppresses.
Line Shapes is the link of Interaction.
Line Shapes is the further strengthens of Interaction.
Sprinkling Model is the clearly of Reproduces.
Feature is the reproduces all the characteristic of Observational Data.
Limitations haves Few Obvious Limitations.
Thermal Averaging is the include of Decoupled System.
Dit is the include of Decoherence.
Dit is the include of Ring.
Dit is the include of Interlink Arm.
Dit is the serve of Non Improve.
Dit is the to of Restricted.
Dit is the as talk over above of Decoherence.
Model is the only treats of Treats.
Geometry leaves Effects.
Effects is the on the of Contacts.
Effects is the in terms of of Symmetry.
Effects is the as a function of of Current.
Effects is the assumes that of Current.
Current flows Net Currents.
Current is the from of Superman.
Measurements is the we approximation of Approximation.
Measurements leads Influence.
Measurements is the little influence on of Influence.
Current is the in of Dips.
Current finds Indicating.
Quantization Effects is the could explain of Explain.
Modulation is the as a function of of Function.
Data compares Comparing.
Data is the closer to of Model.
Data finds Find.
Data is the regain of Find.
Data is the in of Experimental Data.
Data behaves Behave.
Data is the lead to of Behave.
Data bes Indicative.
Data shows Shown.
Symmetry bes Tune Up.
Parameter adjusts Adjusted.
Parameter is the allows us to identify of Allows.
Parameter is the as the of Source.
Parameter raises Raising.
Parameter is the almost all disappears of Almost All Disappears.
Comparison is the comparison with of Allows.
Comparison lets Allows.
Comparison is the as the of Source.
Comparison raises Raising.
Raising is the almost all disappears of Almost All Disappears.
Raising is the stay to above of Interference.