Stars is the form in clusters of Details.
Details remains Properties.
Properties is the existence of segregation of Segregation.
Properties is the statistical distribution of Protostellar Detachment.
Properties is the likely existence of age slope of Age Slope.
Properties is the apparent deficit of ob river stars of Deficit Of Ob River Stars.
Simulation is the form most massive stars in situ of Massive Stars.
Simulation is the form clusters through subcluster organization of Subcluster Organization.
Simulation is the presence of subunits of different ages of Subunits.
Simulation is the formation through global hierarchical collapse of Global Hierarchical Collapse.
Global Hierarchical Collapse is the evolution of star formation rate over time of Star Formation Rate.
Simulation is the formation of filamentary structure with clumps of Filamentary Structure.
Filamentary Structure is the material flow to dense cores of Clumps.
Numerical Simulation performs Hydrodynamics+N-Body Adaptive Refinement Tree.
Simulation includes Self-Gravity.
Simulation includes Heat And Cooling.
Simulation includes Star Formation.
Simulation includes Radiative Transfer.
Simulation is the neglects magnetic fields of Magnetic Fields.
Collision is the head-on collision of Cylindrical Streams.
Cylindrical Streams is the initial uniform density of Uniform Density.
Cylindrical Streams is the initial uniform temperature of Uniform Temperature.
Uniform Density implys Adiabatic Sound Speed.
Simulation is the uses grid cells of Grid Cells.
Grid Cells bases Refinement Level.
Grid Cells is the cell size scales with density of Cell Size.
Grid Cells is the formation of star particles of Star Particles.
Star Particles is the power-law mass distribution of Mass Distribution.
Star Particles is the imposes realistic imf of Imf.
Star Particles dos Jeans Criterion.
Star Particles is the accretion in gas phase of Gas Phase.
Star Particles is the feedback from ionizing stars of Ionizing Radiation.
Ionizing Radiation is the formation of hii region of Hii Region.
Hii Region is the calculation of recombination coefficient of Recombination Coefficient.
Star determines Mass.
Star determines Lifetime.
Paper explains Star.
Star is the affects of Wind.
Star represents Stage.
Stage is the affects of Wind.
Stage follows Prescription.
Energy is the feedback source of Gmcs.
Gmcs is the feedback from of Energy.
Paper tests Prescription.
Paper knows Star.
Star knows Simulation.
Simulation forms Gas.
Simulation forms Region.
Gas is the constitutes of Filament.
Gas is the gravitational of Collapse.
Authors is the remark of Collapse.
Collapse is the within of Clumps.
Collapse falls Clumps.
Collapse collapses Clumps.
Collapse forms Clumps.
Collapse falls Clumps.
Collapse is the conveyor belt scenario of Clumps.
Authors illustrates Collapse.
Simulation funnels Gas.
Simulation observes Gas.
Simulation is the remark of Authors.
Simulation is the numeric simulation of Authors.
Authors is the remark of Collapse.
Collapse is the hierarchical process of Clumps.
Clumps is the organize at of Stars.
Clumps is the merge of Stars.
Clumps is the feed in of Gas.
Clumps observes Gas.
Simulation assembles Cluster.
Cluster uses Algorithm.
Simulation discusss Cluster.