H is the consists of of Mote.
Mote is the consists of of Negative Particles.
Mote is the consists of of Atomic Number 1.
Exotic Molecule is the proceeds via of Atomic Reaction.
Precision Spectroscopy Method is the relies on of Observational Data.
Observational Data observes Low - Rest.
Observational Data observes Excited State Department.
Non - Responsive Scattering Operation is the involves of Hydrogenic Speck.
Non - Responsive Scattering Operation is the involves of Adiabatic Description.
Adiabatic Description is the describes of Electron Screening Effectuate.
Cross Sections is the measures of Closed Conduct.
C.M . Motion is the involves of Interaction Potential.
Angular Wave Function is the forms of Relative Question.
Radial Functions is the involves of Communication Channel.
Communication Channel is the affects of Energy Shifts.
Energy Shifts is the causes of Vacuum Polarisation.
Energy Shifts is the causes of Strong Fundamental Interaction.
Energy Dispersion is the affects of Cross Sections.
Diffraction Scattering is the resembles of Forward Peak.
Diffraction Scattering is the resembles of Upper Limit.
Diffraction Scattering is the resembles of Lower Limit.
Hadronic Corpuscle is the involves of Self - Logical Description.
Basis Province is the leads to of Second Order Differential Equations.
Radial Functions is the involves of Communication Channel.
Communication Channel is the affects of Bound Energy.
Bound Energy bes Eigenvalue.
Bound Energy is the affects of Energy Shifts.
Finite Sum bes Interaction Potential.
Differential Equations solves Numerov Method.
Numerov Method requires Standing - Wave Boundary.
Matrix Elements includes Open Channel.
Closed Channels is the affects of Total Cross Sections.
Closed Channels is the affects of Angular Distributions.
Angular Distributions is the occurs in of Diffraction Maximums.
Angular Distributions is the occurs in of Backward Cerebral Hemisphere.
Elastic Baffle Subdivision is the occurs at of Stiff Peak.
Finite Scattering Angle is the depends on of Partial - Wave 50 - Average Out Mark Section.
Partial Moving Ridge is the contributes to of Partial - Wave 50 - Average Out Mark Section.
Perturbation Possibility is the applies to of Short - Range Conduct.
Wave Function is the involves of Two - Level Idea.
Main Transitions is the affects of Cellular Inclusion.
Cellular Inclusion is the affects of Main Transitions.
Cellular Inclusion is the affects of Total Cd Cross Plane Section.
Total Cd Cross Plane Section is the affects of Cellular Inclusion.
Total Cd Cross Plane Section is the affects of Main Transitions.
Cellular Inclusion is the involves of Two - Level Idea.
Two - Level Idea is the involves of Main Transitions.
Two - Level Idea is the involves of Total Cd Cross Plane Section.
Cellular Inclusion is the involves of Interaction Mold.
Total Cd Cross Plane Section is the affects of Cellular Inclusion.
Total Cd Cross Plane Section is the affects of Interaction Mold.
Cellular Inclusion includes Open Channel.
Total Cd Cross Plane Section includes Open Channel.
Total Cd Cross Plane Section is the involves of Two - Level Idea.
Two - Level Idea is the involves of Total Cd Cross Plane Section.
Cc is the dependency of Discussion Section.
Cc is the dependency of Neighborhood.
Cc is the dependency of Ev.
Cc is the concordance of Results.
Results is the concordance of Cite.
Results is the concordance of Cite.
Vitality is the dependency of Cc.
Results is the concordance of Dependence.
Dependence is the dependency of Eugene Paul Wigner Threshold Law.
Dependence is the dependency of Ctmc Result.
Dependence is the divergence of Dependence.
Dependence is the divergence of Dependence.
Dependence is the divergence of Role Model.
Dependence is the divergence of Cite.
States is the difference of Distribution.
Distribution is the difference of States.
Computation is the prediction of Cc.
Computation is the prediction of Transitions.
Computation is the prediction of Cross Section.
Angular Dispersion is the calculation of Energy.
Energy is the calculation of Angular Dispersion.
Collisions is the dependency of Energy.
Atom is the involvement of Collisions.
Molecule is the involvement of Collisions.
Approach is the description of Features.
Features is the comparison of Contribution.
Features is the comparison of Contribution.
State Shifts is the negligible of Cross Section.
Closed Channels is the effect of Convergence.
Excited Muonic is the calculation of Cross Section.
Pionic is the calculation of Cross Section.
Antiprotonic Hydrogen Atoms is the calculation of Cross Section.
Relative Energies is the relevance of Cascade Model.
Anisotropy is the observation of Angular Distribution.
Fraction is the comparison of Modulation.
Threshold Behaviour is the behavior of Cross Section.
Kinetics is the relevance of Cascade Model.
Cascade Model is the support of Hyp. Interact.
Cascade Model is the support of Eur.Journ.Phys.
Cascade Model is the support of Nuovo Cim.
Cascade Model is the support of Yad.Fiz.
Cascade Model is the support of Europhys . Lett.
Cascade Model is the support of Jetp Lett.
Cascade Model is the support of Phys . A.
Cascade Model is the support of Arxiv.