Supernovae Type Hawkeye State is the interaction of Dark Energy.
Cosmic Microwave Background is the interaction of Dark Energy.
Dark Matter is the interaction of Dark Energy.
Dark Energy is the interaction of Dark Matter.
Dark Energy is the influence of Gravitational Potential.
Scalar Fields is the interaction of Dark Sector.
Perfect Liquid is the interaction of Dark Energy.
Hubble Constant is the constraint of Dark Energy.
Lyman Break Beetleweed is the interaction of Dark Matter.
Thermal Sunyaev-Zeldovich is the interaction of Dark Matter.
Dark Energy is the energy transfer of Dark Matter.
Xmath35 is the shows of Xmath27.
Xmath35 is the shows of Xmath28.
Xmath0Cdm is the simulation match of Xmath27Cl.
Xmath27Cl is the simulation match of Xmath27.
Xmath27Cl is the simulation match of Xmath0Cdm.
Xmath27 is the simulation match of Xmath27Cl.
Xmath28 is the simulation match of Xmath27Cl.
Xmath0Cdm is the simulation match of Xmath27Cl.
Xmath27Cl is the simulation match of Xmath27.
Xmath27Cl is the simulation match of Xmath0Cdm.
Xmath27 is the simulation match of Xmath27Cl.
Xmath28 is the simulation match of Xmath27Cl.
Xmath0Cdm is the simulation match of Xmath27Cl.
Xmath27Cl is the simulation match of Xmath27.
Xmath27Cl is the simulation match of Xmath0Cdm.
Xmath27 is the simulation match of Xmath27Cl.
Xmath28 is the simulation match of Xmath27Cl.
Mayall Scope locates Kitt Peak.
Mayall Scope is the utilizes of Desi.
Desi is the obtains spectra and redshifts of Galaxies.
Desi is the investigates effects of de and expansion history of Redshifts.
Desi is the studies gravitational growth history of Rsd.
Desi is the generates 3-d maps at redshift 105 and lyman-alpha forest at 106 of Beetleweed Maps.
Desi is the detects 300 million galaxies of Galaxies Detection.
Desi is the improves weak lensing resume of Wl Shape Measurement.
Desi is the part of major cosmogeny survey of Sdss-Iv.
Sdss-Iv is the capitalizes on installation with spectrographic analysis of Eboss.
Eboss is the samples extragalactic nebula and quasars of Extragalactic Nebula.
Eboss is the focuses on redshift range between boss galaxy sample and boss lyman-alpha sampling of Boss Galaxy Sample.
Eboss is the probes bao scale in various redshift ranges of Boss Lyman-Alpha Sampling.
Jpas is the new astronomical facility of Javalambre Physics Of The Accelerating Universe Astronomical Survey.
Jpas is the maps observable universe in 56 colors of Colors.
Jpas is the start date in 2015 of 2015.
Jpas is the uses 2.5m telescope and 1.2 giga-pixel camera of Telescope.
Telescope locates Pico Del Buitre.
Telescope is the measures bao from galaxy cluster of Galaxies.
Telescope is the determines evolution of cosmic mass of Clump Counts.
Telescope is the studies light space from snia of Snia.
Telescope is the determines redshifts of observed supernovae of Supernovae.
Telescope requires Galaxy Ellipticities.
Jpas is the measures bao from high redshift quasars of Boss.
Wfmos mounts Subaru Telescope.
Wfmos is the comprises survey of galaxies at redshift 109 and lyman break galaxies at redshift 110 of Galaxies Survey.
Wfmos is the probes space and hubble rate beyond 111 of Space.
Wfmos is the characterizes cmb polarization of Cmb.
Wfmos is the complements euclid mission of Euclid.
Wfmos is the cross-correlates data with ska for improved constraint on dark energy parameter of Ska.
Wfmos is the exploits synergies with euclid and ska of Synergies.
Wfmos is the exploits synergies with euclid and ska of Euclid.
Wfmos is the exploits synergies with euclid and ska of Euclid.
Wfmos is the exploits synergies with core of Core.
Core is the maps microwave sky in polarization and temperature of Microwave Sky.
Prism is the studies cmb sky in loudness and polarization of Cmb Sky.
Prism is the detects galaxy clusters using sz effect of Galaxy Clusters.
Fapesp is the support of A. A. Costa.
Cnpq is the support of E. Ferreira.
Cnpq is the support of R. Landim.
F. A. B. is the acknowledgement of Ministerio De Ciencia E Innovacion.
F. A. B. is the acknowledgement of Cary Grant.
F. A. B. is the acknowledgement of Programa De Profesores Visitantes Severo Severo Ochoa.
F. A. B. is the acknowledgement of Instituto De Astrofisica De Canarias.
B. W. is the acknowledgement of Subject Basic Research Program Of China.
B. W. is the acknowledgement of National Natural Science Foundation Of China.
B. W. is the acknowledgement of J. H. He.
B. W. is the acknowledgement of X. D. Xu.