Supernovae is the involves of Monitoring.
Monitoring monitors Coltsfoot.
Coltsfoot relates Astronomy.
Survey is the involves of Spectral Properties.
Cosmology relates Search.
Search is the involves of Programs.
Supernovae classifys Type Ii.
Supernovae classifys Type I.
Type Ii is the subtype of Type Ii-P.
Type Ii is the subtype of Type Ii-L.
Type Ii is the subtype of Type Iin.
Type Ii is the subtype of Type Iib.
Supernovae classifys Type Ia.
Type Ia is the results in of Thermonuclear Disruption.
Type I is the results in of Core Collapse.
Supernovae is the utilizes of Distance Indicators.
Distance Indicators is the utilizes of Hubble Diagram.
Hubble Diagram is the studies of Acceleration Of The Universe.
Supernovae is the utilizes of Distance Estimator.
Distance Estimator is the utilizes of Photosphere Method.
Supernovae is the utilizes of Spectroscopic Analysis.
Supernovae is the utilizes of Photometry.
Photometry is the utilizes of Photometric Redshift.
Supernovae relates Galaxies.
Supernovae relates Quasi-Stellar Sources.
Supernovae is the involves of Spectra.
Sne Ii is the subtype of of Sne Ii-P.
Sne Ii is the subtype of of Sne Ii-L.
Sne Ii is the subtype of of Sne Iin.
Sne Ii is the subtype of of Sne Iib.
Sne Ia is the subtype of of Sne Ib.
Sne Ia is the subtype of of Sne Ic.
Hawkeye State mentions Filippenko & Chornock.
Filippenko & Chornock uses Keck Ii 10-M Scope.
Filippenko & Chornock confirms Sn Ia.
Xviii Nov is the time of observation of Sn Subtype.
Sn Ia is the same type of Sn Subtype.
Sdss is the primary target of North Galactic Pole.
Sdss observes South Galactic Pole.
Nasa / Ipac Extragalactic Database uses A.V.F.S Group.
A.V.F.S Group affiliates University Of California, Berkeley.
Miknaitis collaborates Krisciunas.
Miknaitis collaborates Miceli.
Miknaitis collaborates William Stubbs.
Miknaitis collaborates Covarrubias.
Miknaitis collaborates Lawton.
Miknaitis collaborates Rest.
Miknaitis collaborates Stubbs.
Henry Valentine Miller relates Ramification.
Hermann Minkowski collaborates Moro.
Hermann Minkowski collaborates Munari.
Ail collaborates Parodi.
Ail collaborates Saha.
Ail collaborates Sandage.
Ail collaborates Tammann.
Patat collaborates Perlmutter.
Perlmutter discovers Atomic Number 13.
Perlmutter collaborates Breeze Quislingism.
Phillips relates Maltese Lira.
Phillips collaborates Suntzeff.
Phillips collaborates Schommer.
Phillips collaborates Hamuy.
Phillips collaborates Maza.
Qiu collaborates Hu.
Qiu collaborates Qiao.
Reiss relates Federal Republic Of Germany.
Reiss collaborates L. M..
Reiss collaborates Helmut Schmidt.
Reiss collaborates William Stubbs.
Harry Stack Sullivan collaborates Ellis.
Harry Stack Sullivan collaborates Nugent.
Harry Stack Sullivan collaborates Smail.
Harry Stack Sullivan collaborates Madau.
Treffers collaborates Peng.
Treffers collaborates Filippenko.
Treffers relates Capital Of Virginia.
Ivor Armstrong Richards collaborates M. W..
House Of York collaborates Yungelson.
House Of York collaborates Livio.
House Of York relates Hawkeye State.
Ib relates Clccc.
Ic relates Clccc.
Ii - P relates Clccc.
Iin relates Clccc.
Ace relates Clccc.
Iib relates Clccc.
Total relates Clccc.
Like relates Clccc.
Little Phoebe relates Clccc.
Tote Up relates Clccc.