Magnetic Nanoparticles is the influences of Modest-Size Effects.
Magnetic Nanoparticles is the influences of Surface Effects.
Magnetic Nanoparticles is the influences of Magnetic Dimension.
Magnetic Nanoparticles is the influences of Theoretical Works.
Magnetic Nanoparticles is the influences of Technological Applications.
Magnetic Nanoparticles is the influences of Biomedical Applications.
Physical Sizing is the reduces to of Magnetized System.
Magnetized System is the leads to of Magnetized Phenomena.
Experimental Technique is the enables of Nanoscaled Materials.
Nanoscaled Materials is the leads to of Magnetization.
Nanoscaled Materials is the leads to of Nanomaterials.
Nanoscaled Materials includes Nanowires.
Nanoscaled Materials includes Nanotube.
Data-Based Technique is the enables of Nanotechnology.
Equilibrium Properties is the investigates of Magnetic Property.
Nonequilibrium Phase Transition is the investigates of Nanoparticle.
Magnetic Property includes Nanowires.
Magnetic Property includes Nanotube.
Magnetic Property includes Nanorod System.
Magnetic Property is the utilizes of Mean Field Theory.
Magnetic Property is the utilizes of Effective-Field Theory.
Magnetic Property is the utilizes of Green Function Formalism.
Magnetic Property is the utilizes of Variational Cumulant Expansion.
Magnetic Property is the utilizes of Monte Carlo Simulations.
Monte Carlo Simulations is the focuses on of Central Bias Effect.
Central Bias Effect is the observes of Magnetic Nanoparticles.
Hysteresis Loop is the exhibits of Antiferromagnetic Interface Coupling.
Nanoparticle is the exhibits of Superparamagnetism.
Nanoparticle is the exhibits of Quantum Tunneling Of Magnetization.
Nanoparticle is the exhibits of Large Coercivities.
Nanoparticle is the exhibits of Ferrimagnetic Material.
Ferrimagnetic Material is the exhibits of Compensation Point.
Ferrimagnetic Material is the exhibits of Coercivity.
Nanoparticle is the exhibits of Dynamic Phase Transition.
Dynamic Phase Transition is the involves of Dynamic Order Parameter.
Dynamic Phase Transition is the involves of Frequency Dispersion.
Dynamic Phase Transition is the involves of Exchange Coupler.
Exchange Coupler haves Core-Shell Interface.
Dynamic Hysteresis haves Core-Shell Interface.
Dynamic Hysteresis is the exhibits of Frequency Dispersion.
Dynamic Hysteresis haves Exchange Coupler.
Dynamic Hysteresis haves Core-Shell Interface.
Equilibrium Phase Transition Properties is the understands of Nanoparticle.
Nonequilibrium Phase Transition requires Nanoparticle.
Physical Relationships is the determines of Magnetic Properties.
Compensation Spot is the belongs to of Core.
Compensation Spot is the belongs to of Eggshell.
Compensation Spot is the belongs to of Particle Axerophthol.
Particle Axerophthol haves Dynamic Stage Transition.
Particle Axerophthol is the belongs to of Ferrimagnetic Nanoparticle Organisation.
Particle Axerophthol haves Vital Temperature.
Particle Axerophthol is the contains of Subatomic Particle.
Subatomic Particle haves Amplitude.
Subatomic Particle haves Absolute Frequency.
Subatomic Particle haves Vibrate Magnetic Field.
Subatomic Particle haves Exchange Coupler.
Exchange Coupler is the defines of Equation.
Subatomic Particle haves Compensation Point.
Subatomic Particle haves Hysteretic Reply.
Subatomic Particle haves Oscillating Magnetic Field.
Subatomic Particle haves Size Dependance.
Subatomic Particle haves Magnetic Properties.
Subatomic Particle haves Antiferromagnetic Interface Coupling.
Antiferromagnetic Interface Coupling haves Nucleus.
Antiferromagnetic Interface Coupling haves Cuticle Layer.
Subatomic Particle haves Phase Diagrams.
Subatomic Particle haves Oscillation Period.
Subatomic Particle haves Ultra-Fast Switching Extraneous Field.
Subatomic Particle haves Champaign Bounty.
Subatomic Particle haves Weak Ferromagnetic Interaction.
Weak Ferromagnetic Interaction haves Core.
Core haves Surface Exchange Enhancement.
Subatomic Particle haves Magnetization Curves.
Magnetization Curves is the contains of Magnetic Core.
Magnetization Curves is the contains of Racing Shell Whirl.
Subatomic Particle haves Temperature Dependency.
Subatomic Particle haves Dynamic Order Parameters.
Subatomic Particle haves Ferromagnetic Exchange Pairing.
Ferromagnetic Exchange Pairing haves Critical Temperature.
Ferromagnetic Exchange Pairing haves Interface Pair Off.
Subatomic Particle haves Magnetic Induction.
Subatomic Particle haves Hamiltonian Parameters.
Hamiltonian Parameters is the defines of Phase Diagrams.
Subatomic Particle haves Total Magnetisation Trend.
Total Magnetisation Trend is the belongs to of Bulk Ferrimagnetic Scheme.
Bulk Ferrimagnetic Scheme haves Compensation Point.
Bulk Ferrimagnetic Scheme haves Magnetic Induction.
Bulk Ferrimagnetic Scheme is the contains of Core.
Bulk Ferrimagnetic Scheme is the contains of Eggshell.
Subatomic Particle haves Organization Parametric Quantity.
Subatomic Particle haves Antiferromagnetic Exchange Fundamental Interaction.
Subatomic Particle haves Magnetisation Curves.
Magnetisation Curves is the contains of Core.
Magnetisation Curves is the contains of Eggshell.
Subatomic Particle haves Dynamic Phase Modulation Characteristics.
Subatomic Particle haves Magnetization Profile.
Magnetization Profile haves Ferromagnetic Exchange Fundamental Interaction.
Magnetization Profile is the contains of Centre Layer.
Magnetization Profile haves Transition Temperature.
Magnetization Profile is the contains of Molecule Casing.
Magnetization Profile haves Antiferromagnetic Interface Interaction.
Magnetization Profile haves Magnetisation.
Magnetization Profile haves Compensation Temperature.
Magnetization Profile haves N-Type Dependency.
Magnetization Profile is the contains of Core Group.
Magnetization Profile is the contains of Shell Bed.
Magnetization Profile haves Magnetisation.
Subatomic Particle haves Magnetized Systems.
Magnetized Systems haves Dynamic Hysteresis.
Dynamic Hysteresis haves Nonequilibrium Phase Transition.
Dynamic Hysteresis haves Dynamical Proportion Loss.
Dynamic Hysteresis haves Oscillation Frequencies.
Dynamic Hysteresis haves Outside Domain.
Dynamic Hysteresis haves Hysteresis Loop.
Dynamic Hysteresis haves Coercivity.
Dynamic Hysteresis haves Remanent Magnetisation.
Magnetized Subject Field is the property of of Magnetization.
Magnetized Subject Field is the subdue of Amp Material.
Amp Material is the property of of Magnetization.
Magnetized Material haves Strong-Arm Property.
Magnetized Material haves Technological Applications.
Hysteresis Loop is the display in of Equilibrium Scheme.
Equilibrium Scheme is the display coercivity in of Coercivity.
Equilibrium Scheme is the display in of Ferromagnetic Phase.
Xcite is the display inwards of Coercive Champaign.
Nonequilibrium Systems drives Vibrate Flying Field.
Nonequilibrium Systems observes Dynamic Paramagnetic Form.
Particle haves Dynamical Hysteresis Loop.
Temperature follows Modulation Temperature.
Modulation Temperature is the induced transition of Mechanically Skillful Form Modulation.
Stationary Behavior acquires External Orbit.
External Orbit haves Vibration Flow.
Vibration Flow is the accompany of Letters.
Ferromagnetic Exchange Fundamental Interaction is the increase of Magnetic Core Spin.
Magnetic Core Spin reduces Coercivity.
Dynamic Hysteresis Loop obtains Time Evolution.
Time Evolution is the jibe to of Instant Magnetisation.
Instant Magnetisation is the such as of User Interface Fundamental Interaction.
Core Group is the between of Racing Shell Bed.
Antiferromagnetic Interface Coupling is the show of Antiferromagnetic Interaction.
Time Series is the of of Numerical Calculations.
Numerical Calculations is the observe of Triple Loops.
Triple Loops is the between of Phase Put Behind Bars.
Magnetisation is the observe in of Cylindric Ising Nanowire Systems.
Magnetisation is the observe in of Molecular Based Magnetized Materials.
Molecular Based Magnetized Materials is the in the presence of of Static Magnetic Fields.
Triple Loops bes Unphysical.
Interfacial Fundamental Interaction Strength is the within of Temperature.
Temperature is the with of System Parameter.
Total Magnetization is the effect on of Shell Thickness.
Shell Thickness is the effect on of Coercivity.
Shell Thickness is the effect on of Hysteresis Breaking Ball.
High Frequency Regime is the correspond to of Dynamic Stage Transition.
Paramagnetic Phase is the originates from of Dynamic Phase Transition.
Paramagnetic Phase is the originates from of Dynamic Phase Transition.
Low Frequency is the with of Phase Lag.
System Parameter reduces Total Magnetisation.
Ferromagnetic Shell Stratum Heaviness is the effect on of Total Magnetisation.
Ferromagnetic Shell Stratum Heaviness is the on of Ferromagnetic Casing Layer.
Antiferromagnetic Convert Interaction is the of of Ferrimagnetic Prop.
Phase Plot is the lay out of Magnetization Profile.
Surface Convert Sweetening is the such a of Vibration Frequencies.
Vibration Frequencies is the not exhibit of Compensation Phenomena.
Antiferromagnetic Exchange Fundamental Interaction is the decisive factor of Critical Value.
Compensation is the exhibit of Pointedness.
Compensation is the exhibit of Field Bountifulness Increment.
Compensation is the exhibit of Magnetisation Curved Shape.
Corpuscle is the obey of P-Type.
Corpuscle is the obey of N-Type.
Corpuscle is the obey of Q-Type.
Corpuscle is the define of Dynamic Magnetic Induction.
Full Magnetization is the define of System Of Rules.
Twist considers Core.
Twist considers Shell Layers.
Recent Calculations is the report of Literature.
Section [ Results2 ] is the investigate of Hysteretic Response.
Simulation Result is the report of Triple Hysteresis Loop Behavior.
Triple Hysteresis Loop Behavior is the result of Ferromagnetic Burden Coupling.
Triple Hysteresis Loop Behavior is the result of Antiferromagnetic User Interface Exchange Interaction.
Triple Hysteresis Loop Behavior is the disappear of Translation.
Triple Hysteresis Loops is the unphysical of Interfacial Interaction Strength.
Subatomic Particle is the clarify of Size Dependent Property.
Section [ Results3 ] is the investigate of Subatomic Particle.
Subatomic Particle is the exhibit of Dynamic Phase Transition.
Subatomic Particle is the increase of Ferromagnetic Scale Thickness.
Vibration Frequency is the simulate of Subatomic Particle.
Subatomic Particle is the display of Total Magnetization Curve.
Total Magnetization Curve is the transform of N-Type.
Total Magnetization Curve is the transform of Q-Type.
Compensation Point is the vanish of Increase.
Ride Field is the influence of Subatomic Particle Size.
Ride Field is the influence of Subatomic Particle.
Subatomic Particle is the affect of Thermal And Magnetic Properties.
Thermal And Magnetic Properties is the influence of Coercivity.
Thermal And Magnetic Properties is the influence of Remanence.
Thermal And Magnetic Properties is the influence of Compensation Temperature.
Thermal And Magnetic Properties considers Thermal Fluctuation.
Face Organization allows Thermal Fluctuation.
Werner Karl Heisenberg is the simulate of Hamiltonian.
Hamiltonian considers Interacting Nanoparticles.
Mc Modeling is the explain of Dynamical Scheme.
Mc Modeling is the explain of Time Subordinate Dimension.
Time Subordinate Dimension is the explain of Timescale.
Llg Equation is the relate of Time Step.
Time Step is the relate of Physical Time.
Scientific And Technological Research Council Of Turkey is the provide of Partial Financial Support.
Dokuz Eylul University is the location of Graduate School Of Natural And Applied Science.
Mathematical Calculations is the execute of Tubitak Ulakbim.
Tubitak Ulakbim is the location of High Performance And Grid Computing Centre.