Atomic Multifragmentation is the fundamental interaction of Nucleon.
Nucleon is the similitude of Caravan D Waals Force.
Caravan D Waals Force is the similarity of Liquid-Gas Phase Modulation.
Atomic Matter searchs Liquid-Gas Phase Modulation.
Theoretical Deliberation starts 1980.
Observational Evaluation reports 1995.
Observational Evaluation performs Aladin Group.
Plateau is the set at of V Mev Temperature.
Plateau identifys 3 To 10 Mev/Nucleon Excitation Energy.
Fact associates Liquid-Gas Phase Transition.
Fact generates Motivations.
Eos is the briefly discussed of Indra.
Eos obtains Caloric Curve.
Caloric Curve obtains Slightly Different.
Caloric Curve removes Plateau-Similar Region.
Variance contributes Precision Of The Data-Based Measuring.
Variance contributes Finite-Size.
Caloric Curve brings Corrections.
Corrections concerns Kinetic Energy.
Corrections is the start to grow of Spectator.
Bomb Doe Interval associates 600 To 1000 Mev/Nucleon.
Quantity is the dependent on of Bomb Energy.
Quantity suggests Bomb Energy.
Response is the dependent on of Equilibrated Source.
Important Nonequilibrium Part is the include of Excitation Energies.
Excitation Energies is the belong to of Pre-Equilibrium Stage.
Excitation Energies is the belong to of Pre-Break-Up Stage.
Smm Calculations is the suggests of Substantial Quantity.
600 Mev/Nucleon Bomb Doe Reaction observes Nonequilibrium Energy Level.
Theoretical Description is the describes of Break-Up Stage.
Theoretical Description is the describes of Sequential Secondary Molecule Emanation.
Microcanonical is the constrains of of Physical Scheme.
Smm compares Mmmc.
Microcanonical Multifragmentation Model satisfys Microcanonical.
Microcanonical Multifragmentation Model is the land to of Improvement.
Improvement is the concerns of Primary Break-Up Elaboration.
Primary Break-Up Elaboration is the replaces of Data-Based Distinct Free Energy Level.
Primary Break-Up Elaboration is the replaces of Level Density For Fragments.
Primary Break-Up Elaboration is the modifies of Level Density Formula.
Fragments modifys Level Density Formula.
Fragment Frantic States is the decreases with increasing energy of Excitement Energy.
Cell Nucleus observes Fragments.
Fragments follows Evaporation.
Excited Nucleus is the relative to of Particle Emission.
Evaporation Process simulates Sequential Evaporation Process.
Core Group considers Few States.
Core Group considers Secondary Break-Up.
Microcanonical Weight Formula replaces Level Density Procedure.
Microcanonical Weight Formula replaces Distinct Levels Degeneracies.
Primary Break-Up Simulation follows Evaporation Process.
Microcanonical Multifragmentation Simulation evaluates Caloric Kink.
Caloric Kink is the re-evaluated for of Free Energy Level.
Caloric Kink evaluates Source Nucleus.
Source Nucleus compares Caloric Curve.
Caloric Curve reobtaineds Features.
Caloric Curve is the recognizable at the start of Liquid-Like Part.
Caloric Curve is the recognizable of Plateau-Like Region.
Caloric Curve is the recognizable of Gas-Like Region.
Caloric Curve follows Caloric Curve Behavior.
Caloric Curve affects Caloric Curve.
Heat Content evaluates System Irritation Free Energy.
Heat Content evaluates Temperature.
Heat Content compares Heli Isotopic Temperature Arc.
Microcanonical Multifragmentation Simulation evaluates Caloric Kink.
Free Energy Level replaces Level Density.
Level Density replaces Distinct Levels Degeneracies.
Secondary Decay Stage observes Fragments.
Fragments follows Evaporation.
Excited Nucleus is the relative to of Particle Emission.
Evaporation Process simulates Sequential Evaporation Process.
Mean Field Approach employs Coulomb Interaction Energy.
Coulomb Interaction Energy employs Eugene Paul Wigner-Seitz Approach.
Xcite improves Xmath66.
Xcite is the suggests of Xmath52.
Xcite is the suggests of Xmath53.
Xcite is the fitting of Xmath55.
Xcite is the fitting of Xmath56.
Xmath67 evaluates Xmath68.
Xmath67 evaluates Xmath69.
Xmath67 evaluates Xmath70.