Excitons is the subject of of Semiconducting Material.
Excitons is the subject of of Bose Condensate.
Excitons is the subject of of Exciton-Exciton Scattering Length.
Exciton-Exciton Scattering Length characterizes Thermodynamics.
Exciton-Exciton Scattering Length is the essential for modeling of Gas.
Exciton-Exciton Scattering Length is the difficult to measure by of Experimentation.
Scattering Length is the well-known in of Atomic Aperient.
Scattering Length is the dependent on of Property.
Scattering Length is the property of of Semiconductors.
Theoretical Forecast is the require accurate of Hamiltonian.
Hamiltonian is the require accurate of Scattering Length.
Hamiltonian is the describes of Spin States.
Hamiltonian is the describes of Exchange.
Electron is the exchange with of Hole.
Biexcitons is the calculate of Biexciton Bind Energies.
Biexcitons considers Biexciton State.
Biexcitons is the cause dependence on of Biexciton Vibrational State.
Biexciton Bind Energies is the determine of Binding Energy.
Scatter is the examine of Standing Waves.
Standing Waves is the casting as of Stationary State.
Scatter is the depend on of Asymptotic Form.
Wavefunction is the discuss of Logarithmic Derivative.
Scatter Length is the calculate of Excited State.
Energy is the characteristic of of Eigenvalue.
Matrix is the within of Hilbert Space.
Eigenvector is the represent of Overlap Matrix.
Eigenvector is the represent of Hamiltonian Matrix.
Trial Base is the use in of Projection Time.
Energy Eigenvalue is the approach of Matrix.
Random Walk is the use in of Channel Function.
Variance is the decrease of Channel Function.
Exciton is the spread out functions of Subatomic Particle.
Exciton Exchange is the definition of of Subatomic Particle.
Exciton is the definition of of Exciton Separation.
Excitons divides Constellation.
Constellation divides Excitons.
Excitons represents Wavefunctions.
Wavefunctions follows Parametric Quantity.
Wavefunctions approximates Scattering Wavefunction.
Scattering Wavefunction approximates Scatter Length.
Energy Spectra calculates Wavefunctions.
Wavefunctions is the not eigenstates of of Eigenstates.
Exchange Operator is the linear combinations for of Wavefunctions.
Scatter Length is the depends on of Scattering Properties.
Scatter Length is the depends on of Material Parameter.
Scatter Length is the depends on of Correlation Energy.
Scatter Length is the depends on of Mass Ratio.
Biexciton State haves Vibrational State.
Scatter Wavefunction extends Angular Momentum States.
Scatter Wavefunction extends Bulk Problem.
Correlation Energy Treatment is the precise treatment of of Correlation Energy.