Correlational Statistics Denseness describes Francis Scott Key.
Correlational Statistics Denseness describes Wolfgang Pauli.
Correlational Statistics Denseness describes Charles Augustin De Coulomb.
Correlational Statistics Denseness describes Homogenous Negatron Liquid.
It plays Interchange-Correlation Energy Compactness Functionals.
Interchange-Correlation Energy Compactness Functionals is the building functionals of Denseness-Useable Possibility (Dft).
Denseness-Useable Possibility (Dft) takes Homogeneous Negatron System.
Many-Body Theory considers Random Phase Approximation (Rpa).
Random Phase Approximation (Rpa) yields Negatron Denseness.
Many-Body Theory takes Long-Orbit Correlativity.
Random Phase Approximation (Rpa) describes Short-Orbit Correlativity.
Short-Orbit Correlativity is the properly described by of Run Possibility (Lt).
Run Possibility (Lt) is the investigating in of Three Dimensions (3D).
Run Possibility (Lt) is the investigating in of Two Dimensions (2D).
Efficient Fundamental Interaction is the interaction between of Scattering Electrons.
Scattering Electrons exchanges Momentum Transfer.
Momentum Transfer is the distribution in state of Momentum Statistical Distribution In The Noninteracting Strand Province.
Momentum Statistical Distribution In The Noninteracting Strand Province relates Enrico Fermi Impulse.
Momentum Statistical Distribution In The Noninteracting Strand Province transforms Francois Marie Charles Fourier Transform Of The Charles Augustin De Coulomb Potency.
Momentum Statistical Distribution In The Noninteracting Strand Province is the function of Gamma Function.
Momentum Statistical Distribution In The Noninteracting Strand Province is the function of Hypergeometric Function.
Momentum Statistical Distribution In The Noninteracting Strand Province is the distribution in state of Momentum Transfer.
Qian3D is the introduction of Qian2D.
Qian3D solves Bg2.
Bg2 removes Meat.
Bg2 is the exact solution of A0Equ.
A0Equ is the truncation of A0.
A0 calculates A00.
A00 expresss A10.
A00 expresss A20.
A00 expresss A30.
Cusp is the lead to of Leaflet.
Leaflet is the proof in lt of Sud1.
Sud1 is the comparison of Gud1.
Gud1 is the yields of Gud0.