Particle is the contributes to of Energy Production.
Energy Production is the part of of Telephone Exchange.
Sonorous Ion Collisions is the involves of Parton Production.
Parton Production is the combination of of Qcd-Processes.
Qcd-Processes involves Minijets.
Minijets involves Transversal Impulse.
Heavy Ion is the involves of Thermalization.
Thermalization models Event Source.
Minijet Production is the involves of Bfkl-Ladder.
Quark is the originates from of Hadronic Jet.
Gluons is the originates from of Hadronic Jet.
Quark involves Jet Cross Section.
Gluons involves Jet Cross Section.
Jet Cross Section is the contributes to of Jet Cross Section Ratio.
Gluons involves Gluon Shadowing.
Structure Function provides Gluon Shadowing.
Thermal Dileptons is the affects of Net Heavy Particle.
Net Heavy Particle is the affects of Entropy Ratio.
Non-Perturbative Donation is the donation of Profit Heavy Particle Number Production.
Profit Heavy Particle Number Production assumes Magnitude A.
Current Pb+Pb Hit At Sps is the impact on ratio of Terminal Heavy Particle-To-Entropy Ratio.
Lhc is the relevant for mechanism of Thermalization.
Lapplander Billet Of Tilt is the consideration for entropy yield of Non-Perturbative Component.
Non-Perturbative Component is the importance for yield of Entropy Yield.
Minijet Yield bases Collinear Factoring.
Collinear Factoring is the factorization of Partonic Transverse Section.
Transverse Energy Production is the influence on of Complex Body Part Function.
Gev is the measurement unit of Complex Body Part Function.
Dglap-Phylogenesis is the explanation by of Gev.
Bfkl-Approach is the explanation by of Gev.
Transverse Energy Deposit is the location of Central Rapidity Unit.
Bfkl-Ravel is the source of energy of Transverse Energy Deposit.
Gluons is the description of influence of Transverse Degrees Of Freedom.
Momentum Fractions is the importance for degrees of Transverse Degrees Of Freedom.
External Concentrated Examine is the comparison with of Transverse Energy Production.
Transverse Energy Production is the contribution to of Transverse Section.
Cfltlo-Minijet Cross Section is the determination of yield of Transverse Push Yield.
Coherency Of The Bfkl Ladder is the influence on of Transverse Section.
Mueller collaborates Qiu.
Levin collaborates Ruuskanen.
Eskola collaborates Wang.
Bir collaborates Doorn.
Bir collaborates Mller.
Bir collaborates Thoma.
Bir collaborates Wang.
Henry John Heinz authors Dokshitzer.
Gribov collaborates Lipatov.
Gribov collaborates Lipatov.
Gribov collaborates Lipatov.
Altarelli collaborates Parisi.
Orb collaborates Forte.
Kuraev collaborates Lipatov.
Balitskij collaborates Lipatov.
Mueller collaborates Navelet.
Del Duca authors Gribov.
Del Duca authors Levin.
Del Duca authors Ryskin.
Del Duca authors Peskin.
Awry collaborates Kwieciski.
Awry collaborates Dino Paul Crocetti.
Awry collaborates Sutton.