Multiscale Dynamic is the manifestation of Turbulence.
Multiscale Dynamic is the manifestation of Finance.
Multiscale Dynamic is the manifestation of Geosciences.
Multiscale Dynamic relates Self-Law Of Similarity.
Multiscaling relates Multifractal.
Multifractal relates Fractional Brownian Motion (Fbm).
Fractional Brownian Motion (Fbm) relates Structure-Functions (Sfs).
Structure-Functions (Sfs) relates Growth.
Growth relates Separation.
Structure-Functions (Sfs) relates Velocity.
Fractional Brownian Motion (Fbm) relates Scaling Exponent.
Velocity relates Detrended Structure-Mapping (Dsf) Method.
Detrended Structure-Mapping (Dsf) Method relates Detrending Analysis (Da).
Detrending Analysis (Da) relates Velocity Increment.
Power-Law Fourier Spectrum relates Parseval Entropy Theorem.
Parseval Entropy Theorem relates Ensemble Average.
Segment relates Detrending.
Detrending relates Polynomial Fitting.
Kinetic Energy relates Wavenumber.
Wavenumber relates Weight Function.
Weight Function relates Second-Order Moment.
Nonlinear Process relates Nonstationary Process.
Fractional Brownian Motion (Fbm) With Hurst Number relates Wood-Chan Algorithm.
Wood-Chan Algorithm relates Singularity Spectrum.
Multifractal Random Walk relates Multiplicative Discrete Cascade Process.
Weighing Machine is the action of Turn Over.
Turn Over measures Dimensional Scale.
Dimensional Scale haves Leaf Ratio.
Dimensional Scale is the involves of Poser.
Leaf Ratio is the corresponds to of Musical Scale.
Musical Scale is the involves of Cells.
Cells is the of size of Sizing.
Cells is the product of of Multifractal Bar.
Multifractal Bar is the product of of Cascade Random Variable.
Cascade Random Variable is the corresponds to of Posture.
Posture is the corresponds to of Random Variable.
Cascade Random Variable is the corresponds to of Random Variable.
Multifractal Time Serial synthesizes Brownian Motion.
Statistic is the for of Scaling Power.
Scaling Power is the for of Sfs.
Scaling Power is the for of Dsfs.
Inertial Set is the indicates of Wavenumber Orbit.
Wavenumber Orbit is the of function of Inertial Range.
Sfs observes Inertial Range.
Dsfs observes Inertial Range.
Inertial Range haves Grading Index.
Sfs calculates Scaling Exponents.
Dsfs calculates Scaling Exponents.
Velocity Database is the from of Wind Tunnel.
Wind Tunnel uses Probe.
Probe is the records of Velocity.
Velocity is the reveals of Charles Fourier Power Spectrum.
Charles Fourier Power Spectrum is the on range of Inertial Range.
Spatial Space implements Taylors Block Speculation.
Fractional Brownian Motion is the for of Multifractal Time Serial.
Lognormal Random Walk is the for of Multifractal Time Serial.
Numerical Test is the shows of Sfs.
Numerical Test is the shows of Dsfs.
Multiscale Statistics is the relevant to of Applicable.
National Natural Science Foundation Of China supports Jiang Task Of Shanghai.
National Natural Science Foundation Of China supports Innovative Program Of Impress Municipal Education Commission.
National Natural Science Foundation Of China supports Shanghai Program For Innovative Research Team In Universities.
Prof. Schmitt provides Comment.
Prof. Meneveau is the shares of Velocity Database.