Atomic Fragmentation is the cause of Ion Collisions.
Atomic Fragmentation is the result in of Equilibration.
Atomic Fragmentation is the result in of Kinetics.
Equilibration relates Kinetics.
Evaporative Pictures is the example of of Atomic Fragmentation.
Percolation Models is the example of of Atomic Fragmentation.
Lattice Gas Models is the example of of Atomic Fragmentation.
Dynamical Example Based On Boltzmann Simulations is the example of of Atomic Fragmentation.
Statistical Approach uses Unitary Believe Sampling.
Tag And Mekjian is the derive relation for of Canonical Partition Function.
Canonical Partition Function is the calculates of System.
Surface Energy is the important parameter for of Atomic Fragmentation.
Surface Energy is the determines of Phase Angle Modulation Properties.
System requires Turn Out Volume.
System requires Ampere-Second Gist.
System requires Isospin Degrees Of Freedom.
System is the affects of Mass Dispersion.
System is the contains of Fragment.
Fragment is the exhibits of Mass Dispersion.
Fragment is the depends on of Volume Used To Define The Zone Function Of Fragment.
Volume Used To Define The Zone Function Of Fragment is the important for of Atomic Fragmentation.
Volume Used To Define The Zone Function Of Fragment relates Excluded Volume.
Excluded Volume is the ignores numerosity dependence for of Atomic Fragmentation.
Excluded Volume is the defines of Volume.
Excluded Volume is the depends on of Density.
Excluded Volume is the affects of Fragment.
Density relates Charge.
Neutron haves Charge.
Proton haves Charge.
Heat Bath is the relevant for of Microcanonical Ensemble.
Microcanonical Ensemble relates Density Of States.
Density Of States is the calculates of Medium Multiplicity Of A Fragment.
Integration is the involves of Mass Dispersion.
Integration is the involves of Species.
Estimating Integrals is the involves of Integration.
Estimating Integrals is the involves of Saddle Designate Method.
First Derivative is the involves of Stage Transition Realm.
Microcanonical Quantities is the involves of Discretizing The Energy.
Measuring Energy is the involves of Building Block.
Measuring Energy is the involves of Mev.
Measuring Energy is the involves of Energy.
Measuring Energy is the involves of Atomic Number.
Recursion Relations is the involves of Nucleons.
Recursion Relations is the involves of Net Energy.
Recursion Relations is the involves of Integer.
Fragment is the involves of Type.
Microcanonical Quantity is the involves of Energies.
Computing is the involves of Gev.
Recursive Technique is the involves of Nuclear Composites.
Recursive Technique is the involves of Liquid-Gaseous State Phase Modulation.
Theoretical Model is the involves of Low Densities.
Nuclear Disintegration is the involves of High Density.
Thermal Properties is the involves of Surface Term.
Clusters is the involves of Temperature.
Charles Augustin De Coulomb Effect is the involves of Temperature.
Isospin Degree Of Freedom is the involves of Atomic Physics Experiment.
Microcanonical Approaches is the involves of Atomic Physics Experiment.
P. Chomaz publishs Ann. France.
Burgio collaborates Ph. Chomaz.
Burgio collaborates J. Randrup.
H. Feldmeier collaborates J. Schnack.
A. Ohnishi collaborates P. Danielewicz.
S. Pratt collaborates C. Montoya.
S. Pratt collaborates F. Ronning.
J. Randrup collaborates S. Koonin.
Gross publishs Rep. Phys..
A.S. Botvina collaborates A.S. Iljinov.
A.S. Botvina collaborates I.N. Mishustin.
A.S. Botvina collaborates K. Sneppen.
A.S. Botvina publishs Natural Philosophy Reports.
Lee collaborates A.Z. Mekjian.
Shelton Jackson Lee collaborates A.Z. Mekjian.
Shelton Jackson Lee collaborates A.Z. Mekjian.