Quantum Physics is the depicts of Bosonic Many-Body Organization.
Quantum Physics is the depicts of Feshbach Resonance.
Quantum Physics is the depicts of Unitary Regime.
Unitary Regime characterizes Universal Laws.
Satyendra Nath Bose Gas is the leads to of Efimov Effect.
Efimov Effect appears Quantum Three-Body Systems.
Quantum Three-Body Systems is the leads to of Efimov State.
Bosonic System studys Large Scattering Length.
Bosonic System studys He Trimer.
He Trimer claims Efimov State.
Efimov State infers Ultracold Behavior.
Bosonic Clustering is the interacts with of Van Der Waals Interaction.
Van Der Waals Interaction is the interacts with of Weakly Bound Particle.
Many-Body Hamiltonian is the utilizes of Hyperspherical Harmonic Expansion Method.
Many-Body Hamiltonian is the interacts with of Two-Body Potential.
Two-Body Potential is the defines of Faddeev Component.
Faddeev Component is the depends on of Hyperradius.
Faddeev Component is the depends on of Hyperangular Variable.
Hyperspherical Harmonic Expansion Method includes Potential Harmonics.
Bosonic Clustering studys Universal Properties.
Bosonic Clusters calculates Spectrum.
Spectrum is the consists of of Bosonic Clusters.
Fig.Excited is the plots of Xmath89.
Fig.Excited is the plots of State Routine.
Xmath89 is the depends on of State Routine.
State Routine is the function of of Negative Energy States.
R Of Efimov States is the present in of Tell Figure.
Tell Figure is the present in of Xmath90.
Body Systems is the consists of of Reverberate States.
Reverberate States is the shows of Vigour.
Reverberate States is the depends on of State Number.
Exponential Conform gives Numbers.
Numbers is the equals of Angstrom Unit.
Fig.Rav is the observe of Spatial Extension.
Fig.Rav is the observe of Fundamental Interaction Range.
R.M.S. Radii is the reproduce with of Efimov Land.
Efimov Land is the dependency on of Exponential.
Exponential is the reproduce with of Parametric Quantity.
Parametric Quantity is the equals of Ratio.
Quartet is the equals of Ratio.
Immobilize Bosons is the equals of Ratio.
Morphological Dimension is the analyse of Cluster Province.
Cluster Province is the determines of Geminate-Correlation Function.
Particles is the at of Relative Separation.
Fig.Correlation is the presents of Pair Correlation.
Pair Correlation is the for of Particles.
Pair Correlation is the at of Unitarity.
Van Der Waals Interaction is the replaces of Magnetic Core Repulsion.
Magnetic Core Repulsion bes Geminate-Correlation Function.
Geminate-Correlation Function is the smaller than of Relative Separation.
Geminate-Correlation Function bes Magnetic Core R.
Geminate-Correlation Function considers Wafture Function.
Wafture Function is the calculates of Many-Consistence Wafture Function.
Many-Consistence Wafture Function is the excludes of Hypervolume.
Maximum is the change over to of Relative Separation.
Maximum is the with increase in of Xmath0.
Maximum is the reduces of Peak Height.
Correlation is the not observe of Structure.
Cluster is the behaves like of Diffuse Liquid Blob.
Trimer is the beknown about of Universal Conduct.
Larger System is the require of Correlation.
Correlation is the between of Free Energy.
Free Energy follows Three-Particle Systems.
Free Energy follows Four-Particle Systems.
Tjon Line is the refers to of Tjon Line.
Energies is the linearly correlated to of Linear Correlation.
Energies is the maintain of Two-Parameter Relation.
Fig.Tjon is the demonstrates of Energy Ratio.
Fig.Tjon is the for of Cluster Sizing.
Fitting summarizes Fit Parameters.
Fit Parameters is the summarizes of Tabulate.
Fit Parameters is the of of Check Parameters.
Tjon Line is the as of Characteristic.
Characteristic is the affects of Universal Properties.
Cc + (A) is the and of Type B.
Type B is the and of C.
Physics is the of of Weakly Bound Few-Body System.
Experimental Observation is the in of Ultracold Bose Gas.
Experimental Observation is the renew interest in of Universal Few-Body Physics.
Universal Few-Body Physics is the challenges of Three-Dimensional Bosonic Clusters.
Three-Dimensional Bosonic Clusters complicates Numerical Treatment.
Numerical Treatment is the cancel of Energetic And Potential Energy.
Numerical Treatment includes Interatomic Correlativity.
Present Study is the utilizes of Two-Body Correlated Basis.
Two-Body Correlated Basis is the presents of Realistic Van Der Waals Potential.
Realistic Van Der Waals Potential is the presents of Characteristic.
Bosonic Clusters is the calculates of Energy Spectrum.
Energy Spectrum is the of of Bosonic Clusters.
Bosonic Clusters is the shows of Ground State Energy.
Ground State Energy is the shows universal behaviour of Bosonic Clusters.
Efimov Character is the exhibits of Energy Spectrum.
Energy Spectrum is the shows of Exponential Dependence.
Energy Spectrum is the calculates of R.M.S. Radii.
R.M.S. Radii is the shows of Spatially Extended Organization.
R.M.S. Radii is the shows of Exponential Dependence.
Calculation is the displays of Pair Correlation.
Pair Correlation dos Structure.
Cluster is the behaves like of Diffuse Liquid Blob.
Calculation is the calculates of Energy Correlation.
Energy Correlation is the shows of Two-Parameter One-Dimensional Relation.
Tjon Line is the demonstrates of Characteristic.
Fit Parameters is the summarizes of Tabulate.
Fit Parameters is the summarizes of Check Parameters.
Check Parameters is the acknowledges of Financial Backing.
Financial Backing is the part of of Work.