Atomic Number 4 is the main origin of Jet Quenching Phenomena.
Nucleus observes Jet Quenching Phenomena.
Nucleus observes Rhic.
Parton Energy is the energy transfer of Gluon.
Gluon is the causes of Radiation Syndrome.
Radiation Syndrome requires Properties.
Gluon organizes Spiritualist.
Examine is the affects of Properties.
Hard Gluons loses Concentrated Quarks.
Concentrated Quarks couples Mass Medium.
Influence is the dissimilar to of Beauty Quark.
Lite Partons is the wait to be reduced of Energy Loss.
Mass is the dependent on of Restriction.
Phase-Space is the allows occurrence of of Gluon Radiation.
Ponderous Quark affects Quenching Effects.
Perturbative Qcd Computation is the computes of Baseline Distributions.
Baseline Distributions includes Medium Vim Loss.
Medium Vim Loss is the utilizes of Bdmps Quenching Weights.
Quell Weights computes Light Quarks.
Quell Weights computes Gluons.
Light Quarks computes Phenix.
Gluons computes Phenix.
Heavy Quarks computes Star.
Channel Coefficient is the dependent on of Mass Medium Density.
Channel Coefficient is the dependent on of In-Medium Path Length.
Parton-By-Parton Level describes Glauber-Model.
Glauber-Model is the describes in of Topical Anaesthetic Profile.
Topical Anaesthetic Profile is the in of Transverse Direction.
Light-Flavor Particles measures Nuclear Limiting Factor.
Central Hit measures Nuclear Limiting Factor.
Nuclear Limiting Factor favors Phenix.
Parton-Averaged Enrapture Coefficient measures Nuclear Limiting Factor.
Atomic Modification Factor measures Undivided Negatron.
Phenix provides Atomic Modification Factor.
Star provides Atomic Modification Factor.
Gev measures Undivided Negatron.
Inclusive Measuring is the dominates at of Influence Decays.
Inclusive Measuring is the dominates at of High.
Peak-Dependent Push Loss is the depends on of Pp Baseline.
Pp Baseline uses Pp Collisions.
Perturbative Predictions bases Fonll.
Fonll uses Pp Collisions.
Pp Collisions measures Electron Spectrum.
Electron Spectrum measures Gev.
Computing is the accounts for of Medium Denseness.
Computing is the accounts for of Quark Masses.
Computing is the accounts for of Kink.
Bingle Negatron relates Mass Pecking Order.
Mass Pecking Order is the corresponds to of Intrinsic Precariousness.
Theory-Data Point Comparing is the affects of Experimental Hit.
Experimental Hit is the improves with of Sensitiveness.
Lhc Energy equips Sensor.
Sensor optimizes Becharm.
Mesotron compares Light-Flavor Hadrons.
Heavy-To-Lightness Ratios is the ratio of of Mesotron.
Aggregative is the affects of Gluon Raise.
Unity is the dependent on of Aggregative.
Color-Charge Dependency is the determines of Muscularity Red.
Wakeful-Smell Hadrons derives Gluon Raise.
Color-Lodge Dependence is the determines of Muscularity Red.
Mass Dependence is the affects of Wakeful-Smell Hadrons.
High-@Xmath4 Suppression compares Mesotron.