 The. Thom Darden, born August 28, 1950, is a former american football cornerback, punt returner, and national football safety, who played for the cleveland browns of the national football league (nfl). In the nfl he was a three-point all-round safety and a pro-free safety. The. The. The. Thom Darden, born August 28, 1950, is a former american football cornerback, punt returner, and national football safety. He played for the cleveland browns of the national football league. He was a three-point all-round safety and a pro-free safety. He was an all-American defensive back for the Michigan Wolverines football team and made one of the most memorable interceptions in college football history... After leaving football, he made a career as a sports agent, security officer, and business consultant. ... The.... The... The.... The... The... The... The... The. Darden, born August 28, 1950, is a former American football cornerback, punt returner and national safety defender. He played for the Cleveland Browns of the national football league. He was a three-point all-arounder and a pro-free player. He played for the Michigan Wolverines in the NCAA, and had a memorable intercept of the NCAA... After graduating, he was recruited by six or seven football programs in 1968... The. The. The. The. Darden, born August 28, 1950, is a former American football cornerback, punt returner, and national safety defender, played for the Cleveland Browns of the national football league. He was a three-point all-rounder and a pro-free safety. He was an all-American defensive back for the Michigan Wolverines and made one of the most memorable interceptions in the history of college football. After leaving football, he became a licensed professional agent, security guard, and businessman. He played at the university of michigan from 1969 to 1971, and had 218 tackles and 11 interceptions, he was an all-American in 1971 and he was named the first all-american in 1970, he played on the national champions in 1971 and 1971... The. Thom Darden, born August 28, 1950, is a former american football cornerback, punt returner and national safety defender. He played for the Cleveland Browns of the national football  league. He was a three-point all-rounder and a pro-free safety. He played for the Wolverines in the NCAA, and he had a notable interception in the NCAA. He graduated from the university in 1968, and was recruited by six or seven football schools in 1968. The. The. The. The. Darden, born August 28, 1950, is a former American football cornerback, punt returner, and national safety defender, who played for the Cleveland Browns of the national football league. He was a three-point all-arounder and a pro-free safety. He was an all-American defensive back for the Wolverines and made one of the most memorable interceptions in college football history. Darden played all defensive back positions at Michigan. He played at the University of Michigan from 1969 to 1971, and had 218 tackles and 11 interceptions, he was an all-American in 1971, he was named the first all-American in 1970, he played for the national champions in 1971 and 1971. The. The. The. The. The. Darden, born August 28, 1950, is a former american football cornerback, punt returner, and national safety defender, who played for the Cleveland Browns of the national football federation. He was a three-point all-arounder and a pro-free safety. He played for the Wolverines in the NCAA, and he had a notable interception in the NCAA. He graduated from the university in 1968 and was recruited by six or seven football schools in 1968. He was a former American football cornerback, punt returner, and national safety defender, who played for the Cleveland Browns of the national football federation. He was a three-point all-rounder and a pro-free safety. He played for the Wolverines in the NCAA and made a notable interception in the NCAA. Darden, born August 28, 1950, is a former American football cornerback, punt returner and national safety defender, played for the Cleveland Browns of the national football federation. He was an all-American in 1971, he was named the first all-american in 1970, he played for the national champions in 1971 and 1971. The. The. The. The. Darden, born August 28, 1950, is a former American football cornerback, punt returner and national safety defender, who played for the Cleveland Browns of the national football federation. He was an all-American defensive back for the Wolverines and made one of the most memorable interceptions in college football history. The. The. The. The. Darden, born August 28, 1950, is a former American football cornerback, punt returner and national safety defender, who played for the Cleveland Browns of the national football federation. He was an all-American defensive back for the Wolverines and made one of the most memorable interceptions in college football history. But he also played the cornerbacks for the college teams. He was the third-most secure and he made a notable interception in the NCAA. At the University of Michigan, from 1969 to 1971, he had 218 tackles and 11 interceptions, was an all-American in 1971, was named an all-American in 1970, and played for the national champions in 1971 and 1971. Darden, born August 28, 1950, is a former American football cornerback, punt returner, and national safety defender, who played for the Cleveland Browns of the national football league, and a three-point all-arounder and a non-contact defender, who played for the Cleveland Browns of the national football league, and a three-point all-arounder and a non-contact defender, and an all-American defensive defender for the Wolverines, and made one of the most memorable interceptions in the history of college football. His name was Darden, and he played for the Cleveland Browns of the national football league, and was a three-point all-rounder and a non-contact defender. He played for the Wolverines in the NCAA, and he was an interception in the NCAA. He graduated from the university in 1968 and was recruited by six or seven football schools in 1968. Darden, born August 28, 1950, is a former American football cornerback, punt returner and national security defender, who played for the Cleveland Browns of the national football league. He was an all-arounder and a non-contact defender. He played for the Wolverines in the NCAA and had a significant interception in the NCAA. Darden, born August 28, 1950, is a former American football cornerback, punt returner and national security defender, who played for the Cleveland Browns of the national football league. He was an all-rounder and a non-contact defender, and he was an all-arounder and a non-contact defender. He played for the Wolverines in the NCAA and had a significant interception in the NCAA. “The,” said Afanasy Ivanovich, “that he is, at least, at least a three-point safety, which is what makes him an all-American defensive back for the Wolverines, and what makes him one of the greatest interceptors in college football history.” ‘The’ was Afanasy Ivanovich’s first official year at the University of Michigan, and from 1969 to 1971 he had 218 tackles and 11 interceptions, and in 1971 he was an all-American, and in 1970 he was a first-time all-American, and in 1971 he was an all-American, and in 1971 he was an all-American, and in 1971 he played for the national champions in 1971 and 1971. Darden, born August 28, 1950, was a former American football cornerback, punt returner, and national security defender, who played for the Cleveland Browns of the national football league. He was a three-point all-rounder and a pro-free defender. He played for the Browns of the national football league in the NCAA and made one of the most memorable interceptions in college football. He played for the Browns of the national football league in the NCAA and in the national championships. The. Darden, born August 28, 1950, is a former American football cornerback, punt returner and national security defender, who played for the Cleveland Browns of the national football league. He was an all-rounder and a pro-free defender, he played for the Wolverines in the NCAA and made one of the most memorable interceptions in college football history. Darden, born August 28, 1950, is a former American football cornerback, punt returner and national security defender, who played for the Cleveland Browns of the national football league. He was an all-rounder and a non-contact defender, and he was an all-rounder and a non-contact defender, he played for the Wolverines in the NCAA and had a notable interception in the NCAA. Then the cleveland browns were called up to the draft. Then darden started in the free safety role from his rookie year until he was given the job in his tenth and final season by clinton burrell. He was selected a pro safety in 1976, 1978, and 1979, and was in the pro football league in 1978. They gave him the no. 3 spot from his rookie year to his tenth and final season. Then Darden got his jibes as a free safety. From his rookie year to his tenth and final season he was a pro-foot safety. He was a Pro-Foot Safety in 1976, 1978, and 1979, and in the Pro-Foot Safety League in 1978. Two of Darden's Browns teams were in the playoffs. Then the cleveland browns were called up to the draft. Then Darden was called to the free safety seat. From his rookie year to his tenth and final season he was a pro-foot safety. From his rookie year to his tenth and final season he was a pro-foot safety. He was a pro-foot safety in 1976, 1978, and 1979, and in the pro-foot safety league in 1978. Then Darden got his cues as a free safety. From his rookie year to his tenth and final season he was a pro-foot safety. He was a Pro-Foot Safety in 1976, 1978, and 1979, and in the Pro-Foot Safety League in 1978. Then Darden was called to the defensive backboard. Then Darden began in the defensive backboard from his rookie year to his tenth and final season. He was a pro-foot-safety judge in 1976, 1978 and 1979, and in 1978 in the pro-foot-safety league. From his tenth and final season, he was a pro-foot-safety judge. From his tenth and final season, he was a pro-foot-safety judge. He was a pro-foot-safety judge in 1976, 1978 and 1979, and in the pro-foot-safety judge in 1978. It was called the 'free safety' position, and from his rookie year to his tenth and final season he was a pro-foot safety, he was a pro-foot safety in 1976, 1978, and in 1978, in the 'free safety' league. Then Darden started in the free safety, and he started in the free safety from his rookie year to his tenth and final season, from his rookie year to his tenth and final season. Then Darden was called to the guard, and from his rookie year to his tenth and final season, he was a pro-foot safety. He was a pro-foot safety in 1976, 1978 and 1979, and in 1978 in the 'foot safety league.' In 1982, 1978 and 1979, he was a pro-foot safety, and he was a pro-foot safety in 1978, and in the 'foot safety league' in 1978. During Darden's career as an agent, he represented a number of nfl and national basketball players and prospects, as well as felix wright and chris calloway. In 1998, when the nfl issued a franchise in cleveland, darden was one of six bidders. Then Darden got a call on the spot as a free safety. He was a free safety from his rookie year to his tenth and final season, from his rookie year to his tenth and final season. Then Darden was called on the defender, and he began defending from his rookie year to his tenth and final season. Then he was called on the defender, and he was called on the defender from his rookie year to his tenth and final season. He was a free safety from the first year to the tenth and final season, and then he was a free safety from the second year to the tenth and final season. From the first year to the tenth and final season, he was a free safety. From the second year to the tenth and final season, he was a free safety. He was a free safety in 1976, 1978 and 1979, and in 1978 in the free safety league. In 1998, when the nfl issued a franchise in cleveland, darden was one of six bidders. In the second year, Darden was employed as a consultant in cedar rapids, iowa. In 1997, Darden was a scout in the cedar rapids district, he lived in cedar rapids. Then Darden became a free safety from his rookie year to his tenth and final season, and then from his tenth and final season he became a free safety; from his tenth and final season he became a free safety; from his tenth and final season he became a free safety, and from his tenth and final season he became a free safety; he was a free safety in 1976, 1978, and in 1978 in the free safety league. He was a free safety in 1976, 1978, and in 1978 in the pro safety league; he was a free safety from his rookie year to his tenth and final season; he was a free safety from his rookie year to his tenth and final season; he was a free safety from his rookie year to his tenth and final season; he was a free safety from his rookie year to his tenth and final season; he was a free safety from his rookie year to his tenth and final season; he was a free safety from his rookie year to his tenth and final season, and from his tenth and final season to his tenth and final season; then Darden was called to the guard; he began to defend from his rookie year to his tenth and final season; then he was called to the defender, and he became a defender from his rookie year to his tenth and final season; from his rookie year to his tenth and final season, he was a defender, from his rookie year to his tenth and final season; from his rookie year to his tenth and final season he was a defender; from his rookie year to his tenth and final season, he was a defender; from his rookie year to his tenth and final season he was a defender, and from his rookie year to his tenth and final season he was a defender; he was a defender from his rookie year to his tenth and final season; from the second year to his tenth and final season he was a defender, and he was called a defender, and from his rookie year to his tenth and final season he was a Then Darden was assigned to the guard. Then he was called to the guard, and he began to defend from his rookie year to his tenth and final season. Then he was called to the guard, and from his rookie year to his tenth and final season he was called a guard. From his rookie year to his tenth and final season he was called a guard, and he was called a guard from his rookie year to his tenth and final season. Then he was called a guard and from his rookie year to his tenth and final season he was called a guard, and from his rookie year to his tenth and final season he was called a guard. From his rookie year to his tenth and final season he was called a guard, from his rookie year to his tenth and final season, and then he was called a guard from his rookie year to his tenth and final season, then he was called a guard from his rookie year to his tenth and final season, and then he was called a guard from his rookie year to his tenth and final season. Then he was called a guard, and he began to defend from his rookie year to his tenth and final season; then he was called a guard from his rookie year to his tenth and final season; then he was called a guard from his rookie year to his tenth and final season; then he was called a guard from his rookie year to his tenth and final season; then he was called a guard from his rookie year to his tenth and final season; then he was called a guard from his rookie year to his tenth and final season; then he was called a guard from his rookie year to his tenth and final season; then he was called a guard from his rookie year to his tenth and final season; then he was called a guard, and he began to defend from his rookie year to his tenth and final season. From his rookie year to his tenth and final season, he was a guard; he was a guard from his rookie year to his tenth and final season; from his rookie year to his ten