 “Bridier Leslie Wilmot andrew vc dso” (Sept. 23, 1897 – August 8, 1969) was a senior officer in the New Zealand army and a recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest honour in the british commonwealth, for gallantry in the face of the enemy.... Born in 1897, andrew joined the New Zealand expeditionary force in 1915, having gained military experience as a lieutenant-general in the territory of the province... The Prince Leslie Wilmot Andrey dso, vcdso, (September 23, 1897 – August 8, 1969) was a senior officer in the New Zealand army, and a recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest honor in the British commonwealth, for gallantry in the presence of the enemy... Born in 1897, andrey joined the New Zealand expeditionary force in 1915, having served as a lieutenant-general in the province of the province... he served on the Western Front from September 1916 to early 1918, and ended the war as a commissioned officer in england. He remained in the military after the cessation of hostilities, and joined the New Zealand staff corps... he held various administrative and staff positions in New Zealand and, while on an exchange program with british india, he held several posts on the british army’s. “Bridier Leslie Wilmot Andrey Dso,” (Sept. 23, 1897 – August 8, 1969) was a senior officer in the New Zealand army, and a recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest honor in the British Commonwealth, for gallantry in the face of the enemy. Born in 1897, andrey joined the New Zealand expeditionary force in 1915, having served as a lieutenant-general in the province of the province. He served on the Western Front from September 1916 to early 1918, and ended the war as a commissioned officer in england. He returned to New Zealand in 1942 and commanded the Wellington fortress. In 1941 he was appointed commander of the 22nd battalion, which he led in the battles of greece, crete, and the early part of the North African campaign. After the outbreak of the second world war, he was appointed commander of the 22nd battalion, which he led during the battles of Greece, crete and the early part of the north african campaign. " Prince Leslie Wilmot Andreevitch Andreevitch Andreevitch", (September 23, 1897 - August 8, 1969) was a senior officer in the New Zealand army and the recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest honour in the British Commonwealth, for gallantry in the presence of the enemy. Born in 1897, andrey joined the New Zealand army in 1915, having served as a lieutenant-general in the province of the province. He served on the Western Front from September 1916 to early 1918, and ended the war as a commissioned officer in england. In 1941 he was appointed commander of the 22nd battalion, which led in the battles of Greece, crete and the early part of the North African campaign. From 1941 to the outbreak of the second world war he was appointed commander of the 22nd battalion, which led the Greek, crete and the early part of the North African campaign. “Bridier Leslie Wilmot Andrey Dso” (September 23, 1897 – August 8, 1969) was a senior officer in the New Zealand army, and a recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest honor in the British Commonwealth, for gallantry in the presence of the enemy... Born in 1897, andrey joined the New Zealand army in 1915, having served as a lieutenant-general in the province of the province... He served on the Western Front from September 1916 to early 1918 and ended the war as a commissioned officer in the British Commonwealth. The prince Leslie Wilmot Andrey Dso (September 23, 1897 to August 8, 1969) was a senior officer in the New Zealand army and the recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest honour in the British Commonwealth, for gallantry in the presence of the enemy... Born in 1897, andrey joined the New Zealand expeditionary force in 1915, having obtained military experience as a lieutenant-general in the province of the province... He served on the Western Front from September 1916 to early 1918, and ended the war as a commissioned officer in england. In 1941, he was appointed captain of the 22nd battalion, which led the Greek, crete and early part of the North African campaign; after the outbreak of the second world war, he was appointed captain of the 22nd battalion, which led the Greek, crete and early part of the North African campaign. Upon leaving school, he was employed by the New Zealand railways department as a clerk, and then joined the territorial army. During the school years, he was a trainee at the railway station, and then entered the territorial army. The Prince Leslie Wilmot Andreevich Andreevich Andreevich Andreevich Andreevich Andreevich Andreevich Andreevich Andreyevich Andreevich Andreevich Andreyevich Andreevich Andreevich Andreevich Andreyevich Andreevich Andreevich Andreyevich Andreyevich Andreyevich Andreyevich Andrey, a native of the country of the country, but his native land, as it were, and that of the savagery of the enemy, a native of the province of the country of the country of the country of the country of the province of the country of the province of the province of the country of the province of the province of the country of the country of the country, a native of the region of the province of the province, a native of the province of the province, a native of the province of the state, from September 1916 to early 1918, and the war of the second world war, a native of the region of the country of the world of the field of the first world. It is said that the Prince Leslie Wilmot Andreevich Andreevich Andreevich Andreevich Andreevich Andreevich Andreevich Andreevich (September 23, 1897 to August 8, 1969) was the highest officer of the New Zealand army and the highest officer of the British Commonwealth, for gallantry in the presence of the enemy. Born in 1897, andrey entered the New Zealand army in 1915, serving as a lieutenant-general in the province of the province... In the Western Front from September 1916 to early 1918, he was appointed a commander in the 22nd battalion, leading the Greek,crete, and early part of the North African campaign. From 1941 to the outbreak of the second world war, he was appointed commander in the 22nd battalion, which led the Greek,crete and early part of the North African campaign. In 1941 he was appointed captain of the 22nd battalion, which led the Greek,crete, and early part The prince Leslie Wilmot Andreevich Andreevich Andreevich Andreevich Andreevich Andreevich Andreevich Andreevich Andreevich Andreevich Andreevich Andreevich Andreevich Andreevich Andreevich Andreevich Andreevich Andreevich Andreevich Andreevich Andreevich Andreevy war in england. At the time of the cessation of hostilities, he joined the New Zealand military services, he held administrative and office clerks in the railway service, and then he joined the military service. In 1941, he was appointed captain of the 22nd battalion, which was involved in the Greek, crete and early part of the North African campaign, after which he returned to New Zealand and commanded the Wellington fortress. The prince Leslie Wilmot Andrey Dso (September 23, 1897 – August 8, 1969) was a senior officer in the New Zealand army and the recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest honour in the British Commonwealth, for gallantry in the presence of the enemy. Born in 1897, andrey joined the New Zealand army in 1915, as a lieutenant-general in the province of the province... he served on the Western Front from September 1916 to early 1918, and he ended the war as a commissioned officer in england. From 1941 to the outbreak of the second world war, he was appointed commander of the 22nd battalion, which led the Greek, the early part of the North African campaign. In 1941 he was appointed commander of the 22nd battalion, which led the Greek, the early part of the North African campaign. From 1941 to the outbreak of the second world war, he was appointed commander of the 22nd battalion, which led the Greek, the early part of the North African campaign. From 1941 to the outbreak of the second world war, he was appointed commander of the 22nd battalion, which led the Greek, the early part of the North African campaign. The Prince Leslie Wilmot Andreevich Andreevich Andreev The opening of the somme front coincided with the start of the somme campaign. he participated in the battle of flers -—* courcelette, which began on 15 september, and was wounded.  sentient> promoted to corporal in january 1917, he took part in the battle of Messines the following month. the opening of the somme front coincided with the start of the somme campaign. He was promoted to corporal in June 1917, and took part in the Battle of Messines the following month. On the evening of 25 september he took part in the battle of Flers-| courcelette, which began on 15 september, and was wounded. In the early part of the battle of passchendaele, André's battalion engaged in fighting around the village of la basseville, some thirty kilometres south of messines. he had been captured by the New Zealanders before the battle on 26 july, and the village was captured the next day by the germans. The opening of the somme front coincided with the beginning of the somme campaign. The opening of the somme front coincided with the beginning of the somme campaign. In the early part of the battle of passchendaele André's battalion was fighting near the village of la basseville, about thirty kilometres south of Messines. André was captured by the New Zealanders before the battle on 26 july and captured the next day by the germans. On the evening of the 25th of september he participated in the battle of Flers-economelette, which began on 15th of september, and was wounded. Having led two sections to destroy the machine-gun post, André quickly dispatched his troops and reduced the new threat with a flanking attack. The opening of the somme front coincided with the beginning of the somme campaign. The opening of the somme front coincided with the beginning of the somme campaign. In the first part of the battle of passchendaele, André's battalion was fighting in the village of la basseville, some thirty kilometres south of Messines. André had been captured by the New Zealanders before the battle of 26 july, and the next day captured by the germans. André, having led two sections to destroy the machine-gun camp, moved quickly to the rear and reduced the new threat with a flanking attack. On the evening of the 25th of September, he took part in the battle of Flers-economelette, which began on the 25th, and was wounded. The opening of the somme front coincided with the beginning of the somme campaign. Having led two sections to destroy the machine-gun camp, André quickly dispatched his troops and reduced the new threat with a flanking attack. Having fought to the death, he and his men captured the machine-gun camp. As a result of the continuous firing, he and his men captured the post. But he was taken by the New Zealanders before the 26th of July and the next day captured by the Germans. On the evening of the 25th of September he participated in the battle of Flers-schemelette, which began on the 25th, and was wounded. André, having led two sections to destroy the machine-gun camp, quickly dispatched his troops and reduced the new threat with a flanking attack. The opening of the somme front coincided with the beginning of the somme campaign. The opening of the somme front coincided with the beginning of the somme campaign. In the first part of the passchendaele, André's battalion was fighting in the village of la basseville, some thirty kilometers south of Messines. André was captured by the New Zealanders before the 26th of july, and the next day captured by the germans. During the first part of the passchendaele, André's battalion was fighting in the village of la basseville, about thirty miles south of Messines. Having lead two sections to destroy the machine-gun camp, André quickly retreated and reduced the new threat with a flanking attack. In the evening of the 25th of September, he participated in the battle of Flers-schemelette, which started on the 25th, and was wounded. The opening of the somme front coincided with the beginning of the somme campaign. André, having led two sections to destroy the machine-gun camp, quickly moved to the rear and reduced the new threat with a flanking attack. He was promoted to corporal in June 1917, and took part in the Battle of Messines the following month. The opening of the somme front coincided with the beginning of the somme campaign. The opening of the somme front coincided with the beginning of the somme campaign. The opening of the somme front coincided with the beginning of the somme campaign. In the first part of the passchendaele, André's battalion was fighting near the village of la basseville, about thirty miles south of Messines. André was captured by the New Zealanders before the battle of 26 July and the next day captured by the germans. Having led two sections to destroy the machine gun camp, André quickly retreated and reduced the new threat with a flanking attack. Having led two sections to destroy the machine gun camp, André quickly dispatched his troops and reduced the new threat with a flanking attack. The opening of the somme front coincided with the beginning of the somme campaign. In the beginning of the passchendaele, André's battalion was fighting in the village of la basseville, some thirty miles south of Messines. André was captured by the New Zealanders before the 26th of July, and the next day captured by the Germans. On the evening of the 25th of September, André participated in the battle of Flers-Monsieur, which started on the 25th, and wounded him. Having lead two sections to destroy the machine gun camp, André quickly retreated and reduced the new threat with a flanking attack. The opening of the somme front coincided with the beginning of the somme campaign. In the first part of the passchendaele, André's battalion was fighting in the village of la basseville, some thirty kilometers south of Messines. André was captured by the New Zealanders before the 26th of july, and the next day by the germans. On the evening of the 25th of September, he participated in the battle of Flers-schemelette, which began on the 25th, and wounded. the opening of the somme front coincided with the beginning of the somme campaign. In the first part of the somme campaign, André's battalion was fighting near the village of la basseville, about thirty miles south of Messines. André was captured by the New Zealanders before the battle of 26 july and the next day captured by the Germans. André, having led two sections to destroy the somme camp, quickly retreated and reduced the new threat with a flanking attack. The opening of the somme front coincided with the beginning of the somme campaign. In the first part of the passchendaele, André's battalion was fighting near the village of la basseville, about thirty kilometres south of Messines. Having led two sections to destroy the somme camp, André quickly retreated and reduced the new threat with a flanking attack. On the evening of the 25th of September, André participated in the battle of Flers-Monsieur, which began on the 25th, and was wounded. The opening of the somme front coincided with the beginning of the somme campaign. In the first part of the passchendaele, André's battalion was fighting near the village of la basseville, about thirty kilometers south of Messines. André was captured by the New Zealanders before the 25th, and the next day captured by the germans. André, having led two sections to destroy the machine-gun camp, quickly moved back and reduced the new threat with a flanking attack. The opening of the somme front coincided with the beginning of the somme campaign. In the first part of the passchendaele, André's battalion was fighting in the village of la basseville, some thirty miles south of Messines. André was captured by the New Zealanders before the 26th, and the next day captured by the Germans. On the 25th of September, André participated in the battle of Flers-Monsieur, which started on the 25th, and wounded him. He was promoted to corporal in June 1917, and participated in the Battle of Messines. In the first part of the passchendaele, André's battalion was fighting in the village of la basseville, some thirty miles south of Messines. he participated in the battle of Flers-Monsieur, which started on the 25th, and he was wounded. In the first part of the passchendaele, André's battalion was fighting in the village of la basseville, some thirty miles south of Messines. André was captured by the New Zealanders before the 26th of July, and the next day by the Germans. In the first part of the passchendaele, André's battalion was fighting in the village of la basseville, thirty miles south of Messines. André was captured by the New Zealanders before the 26th of July, and the next day captured by the Germans. On the 25th of September, André participated in the battle of Flers-Monsieur, which started on the 25th, and wounded him. The opening of the somme front coincided with the beginning of the somme campaign. In the first part of the passchendaele, André's battalion was fighting in the village of la basseville, some thirty miles south of Messines. André, having led two sections to destroy the somme camp, quickly moved to the rear and reduced the new threat with a flanking attack. The opening of the somme front coincided with the beginning of the somme campaign. In the first part of the passchendaele, André's battalion was fighting in the village of la basseville, thirty miles south of Messines. André was captured by the New Zealanders before the 26th, and the next day captured by the Germans. In the evening of the 25th of September, André participated in the battle of Flers-Monsieur, which began on the 25th, and was wounded. André was captured by the New Zealanders before the 26th, and the next day captured by the germans. André, having led two sections to destroy the camp, quickly moved back and reduced the new threat with a flanking attack. The opening of the somme front coincided with the beginning of the somme campaign. The opening of the somme front coincided with the beginning of the somme campaign. In the first part of the passchendaele, André's battalion was fighting near the village of la basseville, about thirty miles south of Messines. André was captured by he was commissioned as a second lieutenant in march 1918, but he remained in England until the end of the war. While in England, he met Bessie Ball, of nottingham, and they were married on 12 November 1918. It was when he left for England that he met Bessie Ball. They were married on 12 November 1918, in Nottingham. The couple had five children, though one died in childhood. On discharge from the Nzef in july 1919 he joined the staff of the New Zealand Army and served in various administrative posts for several years. During the war, he met Bessie Ball, of nottingham, and they were married on 12 November 1918. On the Nzef’s discharge from the Nzef, he joined the staff of the New Zealand Army and served in various administrative posts during the war. In 1919, he was commissioned second lieutenant, but he remained in England until the end of the war. During the war, he met Bessie Ball, of Nottingham, and they were married on November 12, 1918. When he left for England, he met Bessie Ball, and they were married on November 12, 1918. He married on November 12, 1918 in Nottingham. The two of them had five children, but one died in childhood. He was given the rank of lieutenant in march 1918, but then he remained in England until the end of the war. On his discharge from the Nzef, he joined the staff of the New Zealand army and served in various administrative capacities during the war. In 1919 he was made lieutenant in the second class, but he remained in England until the end of the war. On his return from the Nzef, he served in the service of the New Zealand army and served in various administrative capacities. During the war, he met Bessie Ball, and they were married on November 12, 1918. They had five children, but one died in childhood. On November 12, 1918 he met Bessie Ball, and they were married in Nottingham. On November 12, 1918, he married Bessie Ball. Then in early 1940 he was appointed commander of the 22nd battalion, and formed in the trentham military camp, near wellington,. He prepared his new staff very carefully and quickly earned the nickname of february due to the habit of enforcing a weekday... He became a month-old shaman in his service, and soon he had earned the nickname of february due to the habit of declaring and imposing twenty-day suspensions for unfitness. At the end of the war he was given the rank of lieutenant, but then he remained in England until the end of the war. In 1919 he was made lieutenant, but still remained in England until the end of the war. In 1919 he was made lieutenant in the second class, but then he remained in England until the end of the war. When he left the army, he met Bessie Ball, and they were married on November 12, 1918. In the first month of the war he met Bessie Ball and they were married in Nottingham. On November 12, 1918 he met Bessie Ball and they were married. In the first month of the war he was a shaman and quickly obtained the nickname of february because of the habit of declaring and making up to twenty-day suspensions for failure to discharge. He went to the army during the spring of 1918 and served in various offices in the army, but in 1919 he was made lieutenant-major, but remained in England until the end of the war. On leaving the army in march 1918 he met Bessie Ball and they were married on November 12, 1918. They had five children, but one died in childhood. On November 12, 1918 he met Bessie Ball, and they were married in Nottingham. In 1941, it went to egypt, and then to greece, and after that they went to the battle of crete. Andreya was ordered to maintain control of the camp for the foreseeable future. On leaving the Nzef he joined the service of the New Zealand army and served in various administrative capacities during the war. On his return from the Nzef he was appointed second lieutenant, but he remained in England until the end of the war. He then joined the New Zealand army during the spring of 1918 and served in various administrative capacities during the war; in 1919 he was made second lieutenant, but remained in England until the end of the war; in 1919 he was made second lieutenant, but remained in England until the end of the war; when he left the army he met Bessie Ball, and they were married on November 12, 1918. In the first month of the war he became a shaman and immediately earned the nickname of february because of the habit of declaring and imposing a twenty-day suspension on the army. On the day of the declaration, he obtained the nickname of february, due to the habit of declaring and imposing the daily... In November, 1918, he met Bessie Ball, and they were married in Nottingham. In the second month of the war he met Bessie Ball, and they were married in Nottingham. On November 12, 1918 he met Bessie Ball, and they were married. Then in 1941 the order was given to disperse the companies of his battalion in order to cover his bases, he lost contact with most of his units when the german paratroopers arrived in the area on the 20th of May. They had five children, but one died in childhood. When he left for England, he met Bessie Ball, and they were married on November 12, 1918. On November 12, 1918 he met Bessie Ball, and they were married. Then in early 1940 he was appointed commander of the 22nd battalion and served in various administrative posts in New Zealand, in various posts. He was discharged from the Nzef in march 1919, but remained in England until the end of the war. He was sent to make continual control of the areas, and soon had to disperse the companies of his battalion in order to defend the village of Maleme and the hill of the He subsequently went to the service of the New Zealand Army, served in various administrative capacities during the war; he was commissioned in 1921, and was subsequently commissioned in the second class, but remained in England until the end of the war; he was commissioned in 1919, and remained in England until the end of the war; he was appointed in 1919 as a lieutenant, but remained in England until the end of the war; he went to the service of the New Zealand army in the spring of 1918, and served in various administrative capacities during the war; he was called the second lieutenant, but remained in England until the end of the war; on his return from the Nzef he joined the New Zealand army and served in various administrative capacities during the war; in 1919 he was appointed second lieutenant, but then remained in England until the end of the war; in 1919 he was made lieutenant, but remained in England until the end of the war; he was given the rank of lieutenant, but remained in England until the end of the war; he married Bessie Ball in November 1918; they were married on November 12, 1918. In November 1918 he met Bessie Ball, and they were married in Nottingham; they had five children, but one died in childhood. They had five children, but one died in childhood. In November 1918 he met Bessie Ball, and they were married in Nottingham; on November 12, 1918 he met Bessie Ball, and they were married. In the first month of the war he was a shaman and quickly earned the nickname of february, because he often announced and forced twenty-day suspensions for failure to discharge. In 1919 he was made lieutenant, but then remained in England until the end of the war. On the eve of the war he was appointed second lieutenant, but remained in England until the end of the war. On the eve of the war he met Bessie Ball and they were married in Nottingham. They had five children, but one died in childhood. On the 12th of November 1918 he met Bessie Ball, and they were married. They had five children, but one died in childhood. On the 12th of November 1918 he met Bessie Ball, and Andrey Fyodorovich joined the New Zealand army in the spring of 1918, served in various administrative capacities, he was made a lieutenant, but he remained in England until the end of the war; he was appointed lieutenant in 1919, but he remained in England until the end of the war; on the return from the Nzef he joined the New Zealand army and served in various administrative capacities during the war; then in 1919 he was made lieutenant, but he remained in England until the end of the war; on the arrival of the war, he met Bessie Ball and married them on November 12, 1918. On November 12, 1918, he met Bessie Ball and married them. They had five children, but one died in childhood. Then in the spring of 1918, he was commissioned second lieutenant, but remained in England until the end of the war; in 1919 he was made lieutenant, but remained in England until the end of the war; in 1919, he was made lieutenant-major, but then remained in England until the end of the war; in 1919, he was made lieutenant-major, but remained in England until the end of the war; in 1919 he was made lieutenant-major, but remained in England until the end of the war; in 1919, he became lieutenant-major, but remained in England until the end of the war; in 1919, he was made lieutenant-major, but remained in England until the end of the war; in 1919, he became lieutenant-major, but remained in England until the end of the war; in 1919, he was called lieutenant-major, but remained in England until the end of the war; on the day of the declaration, he received the nickname of february, because of the habit of imposing a temporary suspension. On the 12th of November 1918, he met Bessie Ball and they were married. On the 12th of November, 1918, he met Bessie Ball, and they were married. They had five children, but one died in childhood. On the 12th of November, 1918, he met Bessie Ball, and they were married. They had five Then, at one time, he remained the commander of the 22nd battalion during the early phases of the northern campaign. At one point he was the temporary commander of the 5th infantry brigade, when its incumbent officer, brigadier james hargest, was captured in the early months of 1941. Then, on the 15th of November, he was appointed the brigade commander, and, semper a fortnight later, andrew was awarded a special order of service, for his service of the brigade, which had to face repeated attacks by german forces in early december. At one time he was the commander of the 22nd battalion in the early stages of the northern campaign. At one time he had been the commander of the 5th infantry brigade, when its incumbent officer, brigadier james hargest, was captured in the early months of 1941. Then, on November 15th, he was appointed commander of the brigade, and a fortnight later, he was promoted to colonel and commanded the fortress of Wellington. At one time he commanded the 22nd battalion in the early days of the north campaign. He was the temporary commander of the 5th infantry brigade, when its incumbent commander, Lieutenant Colonel James Hargest, was captured in the early months of 1941. Then on November 15 he was made commander of the brigade, and a fortnight later, andrew was promoted to colonel, and held the fortress of Wellington. Then he was appointed brigade commander on November 15 and, a fortnight later, was promoted to colonel and commanded the fortress of Wellington. He had served the brigade for a time in the early stages of the northern campaign. Then he was in command of the 22nd battalion during the early stages of the northern campaign. He was the temporary commander of the 5th infantry brigade, when its incumbent commander, Lieutenant Colonel James Hargest, was captured in the early months of 1941. Then on the 15th of November he was appointed commander, and a fortnight later he was promoted to colonel and commanded the fortress of Wellington. Then he was promoted to the brigade commander on November 15 and a fortnight later he was promoted to colonel and commanded Wellington. He was at one time the commander of the 22nd battalion in the early days of the northern campaign. At one time he was the commander of the 22nd battalion during the early stages of the northern campaign. He had been the commander of the 5th infantry brigade, when its incumbent commander, Lieutenant Colonel James Hargest, was captured in the early months of 1941. On the 15th of November he was appointed commander of the brigade, and, a fortnight later, was promoted to colonel and commanded the fortress of Wellington. At one time he was the commander of the 22nd battalion during the early stages of the northern campaign. At one time he was the commander of the 5th infantry brigade, when its incumbent commander, Lieutenant Colonel James Hargest, was captured in the early months of 1941. Then on the 15th he was promoted to commander, and a fortnight later he was promoted to colonel and commanded Wellington. During the beginning of the northern campaign, he was the commander of the 22nd battalion. At one time he was the commander of the 5th infantry brigade, when its incumbent commander, Lieutenant Colonel James Hargest, was captured in the early months of 1941. Then on 15th he was appointed commander, and a fortnight later he was promoted to colonel and commanded Wellington. On 16th february the police announced that the medals had been recovered thanks to the nz dollar, $ 300 and $ 000 rewards of michael ashcroft and tom sturgess.