 It was fought in the korean war between the united nations (UN) forces, the british army and the chinese communist army. It was conducted in the line of defense of Maliangshan (Chinese: UNK ; Pinyin: maliangshan fangyu zhan). The battle was also called the defensive battle of maliangshan (Jinzhou: UNK  ; pinyin: maliangshan shan fangyu zhan) and the free defense of the united nations. That battle was conducted in the line of defence of Maliangshan (Chinese: UNK; Pinyin: Maliangshan fangyu zhan) in the sea of russia. The battle was conducted under the motto of "Free defense of the united nations". It was called "Free defense of the united nations." It was held under the banner of "Forward to guard the world" by the United Nations, the United Kingdom of the United Nations, and the Chinese Communist army. The australians gained a greater position in the western provinces, and came to attack the south of the river, which made a terrible rout. Then they fired numerous chinese counterattacks, aimed at capturing the western mountains, and suffered heavy casualties, and finally the australians were rescued by a british battalion. The smaller battle of maryangsan took place over five days, and the 3rd battalion, royally authorized Australia's regiment (the 3 rar) and the 4th army dislodged a numerically superior army from the strategically important kowangsan and maryangsan, combining with other units of the 1st country division. There were battles that took place on the west coast, between the United Nations forces, the british army, and the chinese communist army. The chinese counterattacks were numerous, aiming at the western mountains, and were heavy casualties. The australians gained a greater position in the western provinces, and they were driven to attack the south of the river, and made a terrible rout. Several other chinese counterattacks were fired, and a large number of casualties were suffered, and the australians were rescued by the british battalion. The small combat at Maryangsan took place over five days, and the 3rd battalion, royally authorized by Australia's regiment, and the 4th army took a numerically superior army from the strategically important kowangsan and maryangsan, forming a combined force of the 1st division. The ensuing peace talks proved to be the last steps in the war of maneuver, which had lasted sixteen months. However, as the talks on the state of peace lasted, these campaigns proved to be the last steps in the war of maneuver, which had been raging for sixteen months. This is called the Battle of the East China Sea, and the title is “Toward the World”. It is known as the Battle of the East China Sea, and it is conducted under the motto of “Freedom to guard the World.” The battle is known as the “Defensive Battle of the East China Sea” and is called the “Pan war of the United Nations”. It is known as the “Pan war of the East China Sea”, and the fighting is called “Freedom to defend the East China Sea.” It is also called the “Freedom to defend the East China Sea,” and is conducted in the Sea of the North Sea. The battle takes place on the west coast, between the United Nations, the British army and the Chinese communist army. The chinese counterattacks are numerous, aiming at the western mountains, and they are heavy casualties, and the Australians are rescued by a british battalion. The enemy is attacked in the western provinces and he is shattered, and many chinese counterattacks are aimed at the western mountains, and they are heavy casualties. The small battle at Maryangsan is held over five days, and the 3rd battalion, authorised by the regiment of Australia, and the 4th army, take a numerically superior army from the strategically important kowangsan and maryangsan, joining with other units of the 1st division. The ensuing peace talks are the last steps in the war of tenseness, and this war of tenseness has been going on for sixteen months. The war took place in the West China Sea between the United Nations, the British army, and the Chinese communist army. It was fought in the West China Sea as the Defence of Maliangshan (Jinzhou: UNK; Pinyin: Maliangshan Fangyu Zhan). The western provinces were attacked and the enemy made a great rout, and the chinese counterattacks were many and heavy, and the australians were rescued by the british battalion. It was called the Defensive Battle of Maliangshan, which was called the Battle of the Sea of the North Sea. It was called the Defense of the East China Sea, and the English version of the word is 'Free Sea'. It was called the Defensive Battle of the East China Sea, and the ensuing war was called the Peace of the World. The first peace conference was the last steps of the war of infighting, which lasted sixteen months. It was called the Winter War, the "Worthy War", and it was called the "War of the East China Sea". The battle was called the "Free World" and the English version called the "Sandy war". The chinese counterattacks were numerous, especially at the west, and were heavy casualties. The attackers attacked in the west, and they swept away many chinese counterattacks, resulting in heavy casualties, and the australians were rescued by the british battalion. The chinese spring offensive of april and may 1951 was lost, and the second month of scattered operations of the Jingzhou and Maryangsan became a united army. The war of peace, which had lasted for sixteen months, was called "Forward to protect the world." In july, the kansas and wyoming lines were strengthened, and a limited assault in the east - central zone in mid-August seized the high ground around the bombed and bloody ridges. In september, the movement continued in this sector to attack the next hill complex north of bloody ridge, known as heartbreak ridge. In the month of June, the kansas and wyoming lines strengthened their forces, and the attacks in the east-central zone took the high ground around the bullet-holed ridges. In september the movement continued in this sector to attack the next hill, the ridge of heartbreak., the same action was carried out by the 28th british cavalry brigade, when the formation left for hong kong. Moreover, the organisation of british cavalry fighting in korea as a part of the united nations command had undergone considerable change in the months following the imjin river battle and kapyong battle in late pril 1951. At this time, in the course of the negotiations between the governments of australia, britain, canada, india, new zealand and south africa, it was decided that an integrated force should be formed, in order to enhance the political importance of the contribution of the commonwealth and to assist in the problem of the logistical and operational difficulties of the various commonwealth regiments. The routs of the kansa and wyomings continued their offensives in the month of July, and attacks in the east-central zone were successful. The movement continued in this region to attack the next hill, the heartbreak ridge. In July, the routs of the kansa and wyomings made a limited attack, and in the month of August took the high ground around the bullet-holed ridges. In the month of June the routs of the wyoming and wyoming lines increased their force, and the attacks on the ridges around the bullet holes seized the high ground. The 28th brigade, the son of the royal army, commanded by a general, was formed, and occupying the west-central part of the un line, about 48 kilometres ( 30 mi) north of the capital seoul. Since its formation, the division had occupied part of the west-central part of the line, approximately 60 kilometres ( 30 mi) north of the capital Seoul. Besides, the organisation of british cavalry in korea as part of the United Nations’ command, had undergone a major change in the months following the imjin battle and the kapyong battle of late july, 1952. The 28th brigade consisted of three infantry battalions, the 1st battalion, the king’s own scottish borderers ( 1 kosb), the 1st battalion, the king’s shropshire light infantry ( 1 ksli) and the 3rd battalion, the Royal Australian Regiment (RA) under brigadier George Taylor, under brigadier George Taylor. The 28th brigade, the son of the royal army, commanded by a general, was formed and occupying the west-central portion of the line, about 60 kilometres (29 mi) north of Seoul. In July, the kansa and wyoming lines strengthened their force and seized the high ground in the middle of August, in the second month of August, around the bullet holed ridges. In the third month of August, the kansa and wyoming lines increased their force and seized the high ground around the bullet holed ridges. The movement of the wyoming and wyoming lines increased their force, and the attacks on the ridges around the bullet holes seized the high ground. In addition, the organization of the british cavalry in korea as a member of the United Nations, underwent a great change during the months following the imjin battle and the kapyong battle of late july 1952. The routs of the kansa and wyoming lines in the month of July continued to attack, and in the month of August they attacked the hills above the bullet holes. The war routs of the kansa and wyoming lines in the month of July took full strength, and the attacks in the east central zone took the top of the ridges with bullet holes. The 28th brigade, the son of the royal army, was formed, and occupied the north-central part of the line, about 60 kilometres ( 30 mi) north of Seoul. The 3rd brigade was commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Francis Hassett. The peace talks at Kaesong during the month of July and the month of August, had been withdrawn from the battlefield, and 3rd brigade mainly took defensive duties, helping to construct the defense of the kansas line south of the imjin River, and conducting extensive patrols on the north side. The king's army in a united nations army organization was in a great change in the months following the imjin battle and the Kapyong battle in late july 1952. The national british cavalry army in korea, the united nations' army, underwent great change during the months after the imjin battle and the Kapyong battle in late july 1952. In July, the kansa and wyoming fought limitedly, and in the month of August, they seized the high ground around the bullet-holes. The wyoming and wyoming lines increased their strength, and the ridges around the bullet-holes. The routs of the kansa and wyoming lines fought hard in the month of July, and in the month of August they captured the high ground around the bullet-holes. The 27th brigade, the son of the royal army, was formed and occupied the north-central portion of the line, about 60 kilometres (29 kilometres) north of Seoul. The 28th brigade, the son of the royal army, occupied the north-central portion of the line, about 60 kilometres (29 kilometres) north of Seoul. The 3rd brigade was commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Francis Hassett. The peace talks with Kaesong had been postponed in the battle field, and the 3rd brigade was chiefly occupied with defensive duties, providing the defense of the Kansa line south of the Imjin River, and conducting extensive patrols on the north side. The movement of the kansa and wyoming lines increased their strength in the middle of August, and in the middle of August they took the high ground around the bullet-holes. In the month of July, the kansa and wyoming lines strengthened their force, and in the month of August they captured the high ground around the bullet-holes. The movement of the wyoming and wyoming lines increased their strength, and they attacked the top of the bullet-holes from the height of the ridge. Then the commander of the army, lieutenant general john w., came to see him. Then he planned a limited offensive to the west, called Operation Commando, to advance for ten miles ( six... 2) north of the 38th parallel, with the aim of drawing the chinese forces back and giving the United Nations the advantage in the recent peace treaty negotiations. Operation Commando was planned for three october, and the commander of the army, lieutenant-general john w. Then the commander of the army, Lieutenant General john w., came to see him. He then proposed a limited attack to the west, called Operation Commando, to advance for ten miles ( six... 2) north of the 38th parallel, with the aim of drawing back the chinese army, and thereby giving the United Nations the advantage in the recent peace treaty negotiations. Then he also planned an offensive to the west, called Operation Commando, to advance ten miles ( six... 2) north of the 38th parallel, with the aim of drawing the chinese army back and thereby giving the United Nations the advantage in the recent negotiation. The first grade of the first grade was a 1st state division, the 1st cavalry division, and the 9th South Korean division. The 1st grade of the first grade of the second grade would remain on the left-hand flank. And so he prepared a limited offensive to the west, called Operation Commando, to advance ten miles (c. two) north of the 38th parallel, to draw back the chinese army and thereby give the United Nations the advantage in the recent peace treaty negotiation. Then the commander of the army, Lieutenant-General john w., came to see him. Then he planned to advance ten miles (c. two) north of the 38th parallel, in order to draw back the chinese army and thus give the United Nations the advantage in the recent peace treaty negotiations. The first grade of the first grade was the 1st state division, the 1st cavalry division, and the 9th South Korean division. The first grade of the first grade was the 1st state division, the 1st cavalry division, and the 9th South Korean division. Then the commander of the army, Lieutenant-General john W., came to see him. He set about defending the west, preparing the first camp, which is lined with armored buildings, and a third camp. Then the commander of the army, Lieutenant-General john W., came to see him. He began to defend the west, and started by preparing the first camp, which is lined with armored buildings, and the third camp. The first class of the first class was the 1st state, 1st cavalry, and the 9th South Korean division. Then he began to prepare a limited attack on the west, called Operation Commando, to advance ten miles (two miles) north of the 38th parallel, to draw the chinese army back and thereby give the United Nations the advantage in the recent peace treaty negotiations. Then the commander of the army, Lieutenant-General john W., came to see him. Then he wanted to advance ten miles (two) north of the 38th parallel, to draw back the chinese army and thus give the United Nations the advantage in the recent peace treaty negotiations. So he planned to advance ten miles (two) north of the 38th parallel, to draw back the chinese army and thus give the United Nations the advantage in the recent peace treaty negotiations. The 28th brigade faced the forward, one of the two forward regiments, the 571st regiment, which was divided into two battalions on hill 355, a second battalion on hill 217, and a third battalion on the west. Then the commander of the army, Lieutenant-General john W., came to see him. Then he made a limited attack to the west, called Operation Commando, to advance ten miles (two miles) north of the 38th parallel, so as to draw the chinese army back and so give the United Nations the advantage in the recent peace treaty. Then he started a limited attack to the west, called Operation Commando, to advance ten miles (two miles) north of the 38th parallel, so as to draw the chinese army back, and thus give the United Nations the advantage in the recent peace treaty negotiations. Then he began to prepare a limited attack to the west, called Operation Commando, to advance ten miles (two miles) north of the 38th parallel, so as to draw the chinese army back, and so as to give the United Nations the advantage in the recent peace treaty negotiations. Then he started defending the west, preparing the first camp, which was surrounded by armored buildings, and the third camp. The 28th brigade faced the front, and one of the two forward regiments, the 571st regiment, which was divided into two battalions on the hill 355, a second battalion on the hill 217, and a third battalion on the west. The 28th brigade would capture the north in three stages. The first stage of the operation was to take over the area of the castle of kowang and maryang san in the east, and the second phase would take over the east in the central sector. He began to defend the west, and began by preparing the first camp with the armored buildings, and the second camp. The 28th brigade faced the front, and one of the two forward regiments, the 571st, which was divided into two battalions on the hill 355, a second battalion on the hill 217, and a third battalion on the west. Then the general, john w., came to see him, and he began defending the west, and first preparing the first camp with the armored buildings, and then the third camp. The first grade of the first grade was the 1st state, the 1st cavalry, and the 9th South Korean division, the first grade of the first grade was the 1st state, the 1st cavalry, and the 1st South Korean division, the first grade of the first grade was the 1st state, the 1st cavalry, and the first grade of the second grade. The second grade of the first grade was the 1st state, the 1st cavalry, and the first grade of the second grade. The second grade of the first grade was the 1st state, the 1st cavalry, and the 9th Korean division., and the second grade is the 1st state, the 1st cavalry, and the 1st grade of the second grade, so that the United Nations and the United Nations have the advantage. Then he took a slight attack on the west, called 'Commander', to advance ten miles (two miles) north of the 38th parallel, to draw the chinese army back, and thus give the United Nations the advantage in the recent peace treaty negotiations. The 28th brigade took the north in three stages: the first stage was to take the territory of the Castle of Wu and the Maryang san in the east, and the second stage was to take the east in the central part. Then he decided to attack the west, called 'Commander', to advance ten miles (two miles) north of the 38th parallel, to draw the chinese army back and therefore give the United Nations the advantage in the recent peace treaty. It was already the 5th of October, and the 28th brigade was defending. At the first battle, 1 kosb attacked, with a gun and a ksli. And in the third battle, 3 kosb was assaulted by 3 kosb, a ksli, and 3 rar. And in the third fight, 3 kosb and 3 rar were scouting the area, and the 27th brigade was holding reserves. But it was already October 5th and the 28th brigade was guarding. At the first battle, the cavalrymen took up a gun and a ksli. In the third battle, the cavalrymen scoured the region and held reserves. There was careful scouting and reconnaissance in the week before the attack, and Taylor stressed the importance of indirect fires, air support, and penetrations as tactics to reduce casualties, and to exploit weaknesses in the Chinese defence. The 5th of October was already coming up, and the 28th brigade was guarding. At the first battle, 1 kosb attacked, with a gun and a ksli. In the third battle, 3 kosb and 3 rar were scouting the area and the 27th brigade was keeping a reserve. There was a lot of scouting and reconnaissance in the week before the attack, and Taylor stressed the importance of indirect fires, air-support and penetrations as methods to reduce casualties and exploit weaknesses in the Chinese defense. The british centurion tank squadrons also supported the enemy were two british centurion tank squadrons from the 8th irish hussars. The fifth of October was approaching, and the 28th brigade was guarding. The first battle, a kosb attack, a gun and a ksli, and in the third battle, three kosb and a ksli attack, and the 28th brigade holds a reserve. There was a lot of reconnaissance and reconnaissance in the week before the attack, and Taylor stressed the importance of indirect fire, air support and penetration as a method to reduce casualties and exploit weaknesses in the Chinese defense. At the first battle, a kosb attack with a gun and a ksli, and in the third fight, 3 kosb and a ksli attacked with 3 kosb, and the 27th brigade kept a reserve. At the beginning of October, the 28th brigade guarded. He also defended the hill of 617. He ordered the cavalry to take a gun and a ksli. In the third battle, kosb and a ksli scoured the area and secured reserves. It was the fifth of October, and the 28th brigade was guarding it. The first battle, a kosb, was attacked by a gun and a ksli. In the third battle, three kosb and three ksli attacked, and the 28th brigade kept a reserve. At the beginning of October, the 28th brigade was guarding it. The first battle, a kosb attack, a gun and a ksli, and in the third battle, three kosb and 3 rar attack, and the 28th brigade has a reserve. The british centurion tanks also supported the enemy, two british centurion tanks of the 8th irish hussars. The 5th of October was approaching, and the 28th brigade was guarding it. In the week before, Taylor stressed the importance of indirect fire, air support and penetration as a method to reduce casualties and exploit weaknesses in the Chinese defense. At the first battle, a kosb attack with a gun and a ksli, and in the third battle, three kosb and a rar attack with 3 kosb, and the 28th brigade keeps a reserve. Besides, the Chinese soldiers of Maryang City also used the new technique of "mobile retreat," which made it very small and difficult for the un-attacked troops to exhaust themselves, and the bulk of the chinese soldiers in the first line to counterattack, and the next three to counterattack, so that the un-attacked army would have to turn back and withdraw from the terrain. The chinese tacked on a outpost on the top of 199 hill, so that tanks and medium-caliber guns were on hand to fire into the south and east slopes of hill 355 to support the attack from the south and east... meanwhile, the shropshires would go to the upper end and capture hill 208... Finally, two days before the start of operations, the 28th brigade crossed the Imjin river and gathered behind the 25th brigade on the first octane. After a few days’ notice the 28th brigade crossed the Imjin River and marched along behind the 25th brigade. The chinese had encamped on the top of the 199 hill, so that tanks and medium-caliber guns could be put in to help at the South and East of hill 355 and support their attack from the south and east... while the Shropshires would attack the top of hill 208 and capture it. The following day the three of them went slowly into the assembly areas, ready to go forward the next morning. In the afternoon the three of them rushed slowly into the assembly and sat down. The chinese arranged a camp on the summit of the 199 hill, so that tanks and medium-caliber guns could be carried out to help the south and east sides of the 199 hill, and the Shropshires would go up to the upper part of the hill and capture it. The next day, on the third of the month, the 28th brigade crossed the Imjin River and marched behind the 25th brigade. After several days' notice, the 28th brigade crossed the Imjin River and marched with the 25th brigade. d company, under the command of Colonel Kao, was detached to the 25th brigade to strengthen its front. Then, the afternoon of the third of November, b company 3 struck off heavy shells, lost one soldier wounded. On the third of November, the 30th brigade crossed the Imjin River and surrounded the 25th brigade. The chinese assembled a camp at the summit of the 199 hill, where tanks and medium caliber guns could be found to help the south and east of the 199 hill, and the Shropshires would take the upper part of the hill and capture it. The next day, the third of November, the 30th brigade crossed the Imjin River and joined the 25th brigade. The next day, the 28th brigade crossed the Imjin River and went to the 25th brigade. The chinese, on the third day, passed the Imjin River, and marched with the 25th brigade. The morning of November 3, the third, the chinese fired in the morning, and a battery of 108 was fired at dawn. The chinese led the attack on the south and east of 199. The Shropshires attacked 208, and the shropshires fought at the top of 208. After a few days, the 28th brigade crossed the Imjin River and walked behind the 25th brigade. I hope I can capture them soon, I'll have to wait for it. I'm afraid I'm afraid I can't make the first move, and I'm afraid I can't take it, and he is too afraid of that. Next day, the third day, the 28th brigade crosses the Imjin River, and it is directed by the 25th brigade. The next day, on the third day, the 28th brigade crosses the Imjin River, and goes to the 25th brigade. On the third day, the 28th brigade crosses the Imjin River, and follows the 25th brigade. The chinese set up camp on the top of the 199 hill, and tanks and medium-caliber guns are in position to help the south and east of 199, and the Shropshires will capture 208... On the third day, the 30th brigade crosses the Imjin River and joins the 25th brigade. On the third day, the 30th brigade crosses the Imjin river and goes to the 25th brigade. After a few days, the 28th brigade crosses the Imjin River and goes to the 25th brigade. In the morning of November 3, the chinese fired in the morning, and a battery of 108 was fired in the morning. In the afternoon, the three of them met and sat down. The chinese and the russians successfully captured 199 and 208. The chinese and the russians expected to do counter-attack, but they came out on the top of 199, and two killed and one captured. The next day, the 30th brigade crossed the Imjin River and came to the 25th brigade. The next day, the 30th brigade crossed the Imjin River and surrounded the 25th brigade. The chinese put in a camp on the summit of 199 and put tanks and medium-caliber guns on the south and east of 199, and the Shropshires captured 208... Afterwards, he returned and took a place between c and b company. On the third day, the 30th brigade crosses the Imjin River and goes to the 25th brigade. On the third day, the 30th brigade crosses the Imjin River and goes to the 25th brigade. On the third day, the 30th brigade crosses the Imjin River and goes to the 25th brigade. The chinese encamps at the summit of the 199 hill, and there are tanks and medium-caliber guns to help the south and east of the 199 hill, and the Shropshires will attack the top of 208 hill. Xuande and Xuande were both attacked on the third day, and they killed two men. The next day, on the third day, the 30th brigade crosses the Imjin River and joins the 25th brigade. The chinese encamps at the top of the 199 hill, and tanks and medium-caliber guns are to help the south and east of the 199 hill, and the Shropshires will capture 208... Xuande and d Company under the command of General Jim Shelton joined the defense of hill 199. The afternoon of November 3 was badly smashed by a heavy shell and one was wounded. The chinese and the russians were trying to counterattack, but they got on the top of 199 and killed two men. A troop of centurion tanks and a section of medium machine guns were then moved up on the summit of hill 199, and started firing on the northern slopes of the hill 355 in support of the borderers. In the meantime, at 07 o'clock, following the preparations by artillery and mortar fire, the lead british assault companies had begun to advance on the summit of hill 355. At 07 o'clock, following the preparations by artillery and mortar, the british assault force was on the summit of the mountain of 355 in the rear. A regiment of refueling tanks and a section of medium-machine guns were moved up on the summit of the mountain and began to advance toward the north on the slope of the hill 355. But when the chinese saw the approaching attack, the initial assaults met with strong resistance, and the borderers were forced to withdraw and regroup... At 07 o'clock, the british assault forces had started to advance on the summit of the mountain of 355 at the rear. The hundredurion tanks and the 120 medium machine guns were moved to the summit of the mountain, and they began to advance northward. The next morning, the Australs had removed from their tethers and sent the Axis to the attack of Kolang-san, the chinese's right flank. But when the chinese saw the approaching attack, the first attacks met with heavy resistance, and the borderers were forced to withdraw and regroup. The next morning, the Australs had removed from their tethers and sent the Axis to attack Kolangsan, the right flank of the chinese army. At 07 o’clock, following artillery and mortar fire, the british assault force had begun to advance on the summit of the mountain of 355 in the rear. The hundredurion tanks and the 120 medium machine guns were moved to the top of the mountain and started to advance north. The heavy chinese artillery fire had also slowed down progress. More than two and a half million rounds fell in the area of the 27th brigade in the past twenty-four hours, but this was in many ways exceeded by the weight of allied artillery which had dropped two and a half times as many in the main line, and that number was almost matched by the fact that the Divisional artillery had received their support from the 25th brigade, which they had assumed as the centre of the left flank. At 07 o’clock the british brigade had begun to advance towards the summit of the mountain of 355 in the rear. A regiment of refueling tanks and a section of medium-machine guns were moved to the top of the mountain and began to advance northwards. But when the chinese saw the approaching attack, the first attacks met with very heavy resistance and the borderers were forced to retreat and regroup. In the meantime, at 07 o’clock, after artillery and mortar fire, the british assault force had begun to advance toward the summit of the mountain of 355 in the rear. A regiment of centurion tanks and a section of medium machine guns were then placed on the summit of the mountain and began to advance northward. At 07 o’clock, following the preparations by artillery and mortar fire, the british assault force had started to advance on the summit of the mountain of 355 in the rear. A regiment of refueling tanks and a section of medium machine guns were placed on the summit of the mountain and began to advance northward. But when the chinese saw the approaching attack, the first attacks were met with heavy resistance, and the borderers were forced to withdraw and regroup. At 07 o’clock the british assault force had begun to advance on the summit of the mountain of 355 in the rear. A regiment of tanks and a section of medium machine guns were placed on the summit of the mountain and began to advance north. The chinese artillery had also impeded progress. Taking off at a very quick time, the chinese saw the attack and moved to the summit of the mountain and began to advance north. At the time of about ten o’clock the Australs had liberated Kolangsan, the right flank of the chinese army. At a distance of 10 o’clock the british brigade began to advance to the summit of the mountain of 355 in the rear. A regiment of tanks and a section of medium machine guns were moved to the summit of the mountain and began to advance northwards. The army swept the eastern slopes of the Kuang (san Mountain) by 12 o’clock in the afternoon, but had not received any orders to do so. Sixteen chinese were killed, three captured in the fight, and the Australians were wounded, one of them wounded. The army swept the eastern slopes of the Kuangsan Mountain. By noon they had reached the summit of Kuangsan Mountain, but they had received no orders to do so. Sixteen Chinese were killed, three were captured, and one of the Australians was wounded. c company withdrew back from the 3rd to a third, and the third replaced the three-rd company, who held the position at a distance of a hundred yards (a hundred yards) east of hill 199. The army crossed the eastern slopes of Kuangsan Mountain, by 12 o'clock in the afternoon, but they had not received any orders. Sixteen Chinese were killed, three were captured, and one of the Australians was wounded. Sixteen Chinese were killed, three were captured, and one of the Australians was wounded. After an avenging ceremony, the second battalion of the princess's canadian infantry came to the same place. It lost the ground of 355 and 210; and the chinese unexpectedly withdrew from the camp, capturing the foot of 159 and the bottom of 151. Only the 2nd battalion, a light infantry regiment, had time to overcome any resistance before the two steeps, and the three and four hills, namely, 155 and 157, were destroyed without a fight. The army crossed the eastern slopes of Kuangsan Mountain, but they did not receive orders. Sixteen Chinese were killed, three captured, and one Australian wounded. Sixteen Chinese were killed, three captured, and one Australian wounded. By noon, the army reached the summit of Kuangsan Mountain, but they did not receive orders. They had not received orders at the hour of 12 o'clock, but they were not given orders. In the afternoon, they reached the summit of Kuangsan Mountain, but they did not receive any orders, so the second battalion, a light infantry regiment, could overcome the two mountains and three and four hills, 155 and 157, were destroyed without fighting. After a recrimination, the second battalion of the Princess's canadian infantry was captured and lost the area of 355 and 210, but the chinese unexpectedly left the camp, taking 159 and 151 and the foot of 159. Nevertheless, on the left flank of the 28th brigade the shropshires met slight resistance and held off the attack by taking the hill 210 north of kowang-san by a distance of ten metres. On the other hand, on the right flank of the 28th brigade the shropshires met a slight resistance, and secured the 210 hill by a stretch of rock 207 just east of the slope of 199. The army had swept the eastern slopes of Kuangsan Mountain, but they had not received any orders; fifteen Chinese were killed, three captured, and one Australian wounded. The army had reached the summit of Kuangsan Mountain, but they had not received any orders; sixteen Chinese were killed, three captured, and one Australian wounded. The army crossed the eastern slopes of Kuangsan Mountain, but did not receive orders. At noon, they reached the summit of Kuangsan Mountain, but they had not received orders; they reached the summit of Kuangsan Mountain, but they did not receive orders, and they were on their way in the afternoon, but they did not receive any orders; only the second battalion, a light infantry regiment, got through the two mountains, and the three and four hills, 155 and 157, were destroyed without fighting. By evening, they reached Kuangsan Mountain, but they received no orders; they went in the afternoon, but they did not receive any orders, and the second battalion, a light infantry regiment, was able to overcome the two mountains and the three and four hills, 155 and 157, were destroyed without fighting. Sixteen Chinese were killed, three captured, and one Australian wounded. They crossed the eastern slopes of Kuangsan Mountain, but they did not receive orders. They reached Kuangsan Mountain at noon, but did not receive orders. At noon they reached Kuangsan Mountain, but they did not receive orders. They reached Kuangsan Mountain in the afternoon, but they did not receive orders; the second battalion, a light infantry regiment, could reach the two mountains, and the three and four hills, 155 and 157, were destroyed without fighting. The army swept the eastern slopes of Kuangsan Mountain, but did not receive orders. The army swept the east slopes of Kuangsan Mountain, but they did not receive orders; sixteen Chinese were killed, three captured, and one Australian wounded. At noon, the army reached Kuangsan Mountain, but did not receive orders; at noon, they did not receive orders; at night, they did not receive orders; they went to Kuangsan Mountain in the afternoon, but did not receive orders; the second battalion, a light infantry regiment, walked through the two mountains, and the three and four hills, 155 and 157, were destroyed without fighting. Finally, the army got the hill of maryangsan, a hill of about 200 meters (660 feet), two stories high, about two stories, about three stories, and a thousand feet long. The army flew towards Kuangsan Mountain, but they didn't receive orders, they walked out in the evening, but they didn't get orders, and the second battalion, a light infantry regiment, managed to pass through the two mountains, and the three and four hills, 155 and 155, were destroyed without fighting. Sixteen Chinese, three captured, and one Australian wounded. However, after the delay in capturing hill 355, hassett would not be able to carry out his plan until the next day. However, owing to the delay in capturing hill 355, hassett would not be able to begin implementing his plan until early the next day. The third phase would start on 5 october, with the royal Northumberland fusiliers, and the guards of the fort on Hill 217, to advance on the midpoint of the hill 217 But, after having failed to capture Hill 355, Hassett would not be able to execute his plan until the next day. However, after the delay in capturing Hill 355, Hassett would not be able to execute his plan until the next day. The third phase would commence on 5 o'clock, with the royal Northumberland fusiliers, the guards of the fort on Hill 217, moving towards the center of the hill 217. The australians moved northeast of Hill 199 on the afternoon of 4 o'clock, while during the night of 4 o'clock the divisional artillery struck the Chinese positions, with two batteries of 8 - 8 inch (200 mm) howitzers, and two 155 - 155 mm batteries in the following order. And the third phase would begin at five o’clock with the royal Northumberland fusiliers and the guards of the fort on Hill 217, pushing on towards the centre of the fort on Hill 217. The australians moved northeast of the 199th hill on the afternoon of 4 o’clock, and during the night of 4 o’clock the divisional artillery was slaying the Chinese positions with two batteries of 8 – 8 inch (200 mm) howitzers and two 155 – 155 mm batteries in the following order. However, having failed to capture hill 217, Hassett could not carry out his plan until the next day. The third stage would start on 5 o’clock with the royal Northumberland fusiliers and the guards of the fort on Hill 217, moving towards the center of the hill 217. Both the australians and fusiliers were to begin their attacks at dawn – at 05 o’clock, at 05 o’clock, following a thorough preparation by the chinese army – seeking both the northern and western half of the targets. But the delay in capturing the hill of 355 prevented Hassett from implementing his plan until the next day. The Australians moved northwest of the 199th hill on the afternoon of 4 o'clock, and in the evening of 4 o'clock the divisional artillery struck the Chinese positions, with two batteries of 8- 8 inch (200mm) howitzers and two 155-155mm batteries. The three-tiered attack would begin at 5 o'clock, with the Royal Northumbrian Fusiliers and the Guards of the Fort on Hill 217, towards the center of the hill 217. The chinese, however, had to hold strong defensive positions on the hill 217, and pushed the attackers to the rear, owing to heavy casualties and the short supply. However, the chinese did not take Hill 217 at all and could not execute the plan until the next day. The third stage would start at 5 o'clock, with the Royal Northumbrian Fusiliers and the Guards of the Fort on Hill 217, approaching the center of the hill 217. But having failed to capture Hill 217, Hassett could not execute his plan until the next day. However, having failed to capture Hill 217, Hassett could not execute his plan until the next day. The Austrians moved northeast of the 199th hill on the afternoon of 4 o'clock, and during the night of 4 o'clock the divisional artillery fired at the Chinese positions with two batteries of 8- 8 inch (200mm) and two 155-155mm batteries. However, since he did not capture the hill of 355, Hassett could not accomplish his plan until the next day. The second stage would start at 5 o'clock with the royal Northumbrian fusiliers and the guards of the fort on the hill 217, and then start at 5 o'clock with the royal Northumbrian fusiliers and the guards of the fort on the hill 217, the Australians moved northeast of the 199th hill on the afternoon of 4 o'clock, while the divisional artillery went to the Chinese positions with two batteries of 8 - 8 - 8 inch (200 mm) and two 155 - 155 - mm batteries. However, after capturing 199th hill, Hassett could not start his plan until the next day. The Austrians moved north of the 199th hill on the afternoon of 4 o'clock, while the divisional artillery fired at the Chinese positions with two batteries of 8 - 8 inch (200 mm) and two 155 - mm batteries. The Germans moved north of the 199th hill on the afternoon of 4 o'clock, and in the evening of 4 o'clock, the divisional artillery fired at the Chinese positions with two batteries of 8 - 8 inch (200 mm) and two 155 - mm batteries. However, the three-tiered attack began at 5 o'clock, with the royal Northumbrian Fusiliers and the guards of the fort on the fort on the fort on the fort on the fort on the fort on the fort on the fort on the fort on the fort on the fort on the fort on the fort on the fort on the fort on the fort. The Austronesian troops moved north on the fort on the afternoon of 4 o'clock, and during the night of 4 o'clock, the divisional artillery fired on the Chinese positions, two batteries of 8 - 8 - 200 - batteries. However, the chinese did not take the hill, and could not do the plan until the next day. However, as he failed to capture hill 355, Hassett could not carry out his plan until the next day. But he had failed to capture hill 355, and could not carry out his plan until the next day. Firstly, the Australians moved north on the hill on the afternoon of 4 o'clock, and the divisional artillery fired on the Chinese positions, two batteries of 8- 8-200mm and two batteries of 155-155mm. However, he had not captured the hill 355, so Hassett could not start the operation until the next day. Then the russians moved northeast on the hill on the afternoon of 4 o'clock, and in the evening of 4 o'clock the divisional artillery fired on the Chinese positions with two batteries of 8- 8- 8-200mm and two 155-155mm batteries. Despite this, the chinese did not take the hill 217 and could not accomplish his plan until the next day. The chinese moved northeast of the hill on the afternoon of 4 o'clock, and in the evening of 4 o'clock the divisional artillery fired on the Chinese positions with two batteries of 8- 8- 8-200mm and two 155-155mm batteries. The second stage started at 5 o'clock with the royal Northumbrian Fusiliers and the guards of the fort on the fort on the fort on the fort, and then at 5 o'clock with the royal Northumbrian Fusiliers and the guards of the fort on the fort on the fort, and the Austrians moved north on the fort on the afternoon of 4 o'clock, and the divisional artillery fired on the Chinese positions with two batteries of 8- 8 inch (200mm) and two 155-155mm batteries. The Austrians moved north on the fort on the afternoon of 4 o'clock, and the divisional artillery fired on the Chinese positions with two batteries of 8- 8 inch (200mm) and two 155-155mm batteries. However, the plan did not work at hill 217 and Hassett could not finish it until the next day. But since the hill was occupied, Hassett could not complete the plan until the next day. At first, 3 races, 1 In this way the Australians decided to cross the valley under cover of darkness and to join the chinese flank in the foothills, before reaching the position at first light. a company would destroy a few flanks on the left, b company would clear the lower slopes, and d company would enter the chinese main defensive position, the "winner" feature, in a - @ in - @ depth. The Australians took it as a pretext to cross the valley, go over the foothills, and reach the place at first light. Moreover, a company of three men, commanded by Captain Henry nicholls, with their combat camp in the thick dense vegetation, left a few flanks to the left, b company to clear the lower slopes, d company to enter the Chinese main defensive positions, the "winner" position. However, after the casualties from the previous night on the 199 hill, the 209 and the 355 hill, and the constant shelling of the enemy, it was reduced to 320 men. Moreover, the Australians faced two fresh chinese battalions in the vicinity of Maryangsan, about 1,400 men. And so the Australians decided to cross the valley, cross the foothills, and reach the place at the first light. In that way the Australians took it as a pretext to cross the valley, cross the foothills, and reach the spot at the first light. Moreover, a company of three men, captained by Captain Henry nicholls, with their camp in dense dense vegetation, left a few flanks to the left, a company to clear the lower slopes, d company to enter the Chinese primary defense, the "winner" position. Besides, after the casualties of the previous night on the 199 hill, the 209 hill, and the continuous shelling of the enemy, the number of the Germans was reduced to 320. Moreover, the Australians faced two fresh chinese battalions near Maryangsan, about 1,400 men., however, disorientated, the companies separated, and the battalion attack turned into a series of independent company attacks. Besides, the casualties from the previous night on the 199 hill, the 209 hill, and the constant shelling of the enemy were reduced to 320. Therefore, the Australians decided to cross the valley under darkness and join the chinese flank in the foothills before reaching the position at first light. In this way, the Australians considered the pretext to cross the valley, cross the foothills, and reach the place at first light. Then a company of three men, commanded by Captain Henry nichols, with a camp in dense dense vegetation, left a few flanks to the left, a company to clear the lower slopes, and a company to enter the chinese primary defense, the ‘winner’ position. In addition, two fresh chinese battalions were present in Maryangsan, about 1,400 men. This, however, was not enough to induce the Australians to go on cross-country, cross-country, and reach the spot at first light. In this, the Australians decided to cross the valley, cross the foothills, and reach the spot at first light. The losses of the Germans were 30 killed and 10 captured. The Australians were therefore commanded by Captain Henry nicholls and had their camp in the densely-forested thickets, defending several flanks to the left, a company to clear the lower slopes, a company to enter the Chinese primary defense, the “winner” position. But after the casualties from the previous night on the 199 hill, the 207 hill, and the continual shelling of the enemy, it was reduced to 320. This pretext was thus taken as a pretext for crossing the valley, crossing the foothills, and reaching the destination at first light. In this way, the Australians considered the pretext for crossing the valley, crossing the foothills, and reaching the destination at first light. At the same time, there were two new chinese battalions in Maryangsan, some 1,400 men. In this way, the Australians had decided to cross the valley, cross the foothills, and reach the spot at first light. Besides, the casualties of the night before on the 199 hill, the 209 hill, and the constant shelling of the enemy were reduced to 320. Besides, after the casualties of the previous night on the 199 hill, the 209 hill, and the constant shelling, it was reduced to 320. In this way, the Australians sat down and crossed the foothills at first light. Then a company of three men, commanded by Captain Henry Nicolls, a camp in the thickly-forested area, left a few flanks to the left, a company to clear the lower slopes, a company to enter the Chinese primary defense, the “winner” position. The losses of the Germans were 30 killed and 10 captured. Then a company of three men, commanded by Captain Nicolls, with a camp in the densely-forested area, left a few flanks to the left, a company to clear the lower slopes, and a company to enter the Chinese primary defense, the “winner” position. So the Australians decided to cross the valley, cross the foothills, and reach the spot at the first light. I think that, having crossed the valley, crossing the foothills, I can reach the spot at dawn. Moreover, there are two new chinese battalions near Maryangsan, about 1,400 men. In this way, I have decided to cross the valley, cross the foothills, and reach the spot at dawn. After the casualties from the previous night on the 199 hill, the 207 hill, and the continuous shelling of the enemy, the casualties are reduced to 320. But after the casualties of the previous night on the 199 hill, the 207 hill, and the continuous shelling, it is reduced to 320. Then, a company of three men, commanded by Captain Henry Nicolls, with a camp in dense thick vegetation, left a few flanks to the left, a company to clear the lower slopes, and a company to enter the Chinese defender, the "winner" position. Then, a company of three men, commanded by Captain Henry Nicolls, with a camp in dense thick vegetation, left a few flanks to the left, a company to clear the lower slopes, and a company to enter the Chinese defender, the "winner" position. The Australians decided to cross the valley, cross the foothills, and reach the place at first light. Besides, the casualties from the previous night on the 199 hill, the 207 hill, and the constant shelling of the enemy, it was reduced to 320. Then a company of three men, commanded by Captain Henry Nicolls, with a camp in the dense forest, left a few flanks to the left, a company to clear the lower slopes, a company to enter the Chinese primary defense, the "winner" position. So the Australians sat down and crossed the foothills. The Germans were 30 killed and 10 captured. Then a company of three men, commanded by Captain Henry Nicolls, with a camp in the dense forest, left a few flanks to the left, a company to clear the lower slopes, and a company to enter the Chinese primary defense, the "winner" position. .. and later, Lieutenant L....” " and later Lieutenant L......" Besides, Lieutenant L...... “And a while later, Lieutenant L...” – Lieutenant L...... but the chinese had been well pitted, and no barbed wire slowed the attackers, and the Australians had quickly gained the position... in this situation, the total casualties were 98 killed and 40 captured, and the Australians believed that a large number of chinese had been wounded... “A bit later, Lieutenant L....” “And then, Lieutenant L....” “And then, Lieutenant L.” But the chinese had been well pitted, and no barbed wire halted the attackers, and the Australians quickly gained the position. Besides, Lieutenant L... ” By 17 o’clock, Maryang San had fallen to the Australians, and the chinese was pulled back under heavy artillery, machine-guns, and machine-guns.... on the hill, the fusiliers had been concentrated on the chinese all day, but could not capture it. And a little later, Lieutenant L........ - Lieutenant L..... but the chinese were well pitted, and no barbed wire halted the attackers, and the Australians quickly took the place....'A bit later, Lieutenant L...'But the chinese were well pitted, and no barbed wire slowed the attackers, and the Australians quickly took the position. At the hour of the dead, Maryang San fell to the Australians, and the chinese were brought back under heavy artillery, machine guns, and machine guns... ‘And then Lieutenant L....’ ‘And then Lieutenant L...’ ‘And then Lieutenant L...’ ‘And then Lieutenant L...’ ‘And then Lieutenant L...’ ‘And then Lieutenant L...’ But the chinese were well pitted, and no barbed wire halted the attackers, and the Australians quickly captured them. By 17 o’clock, Maryang San had fallen to the Australians, and the chinese were pulled back under heavy artillery, machine guns, and machine guns... but the chinese were well pitted, and no barbed wire halted the attackers, and the Australians quickly took possession of the position. In this position the total casualties were 98 killed and 40 captured, and the Australians thought that a great number of chinese had been wounded. Having captured Maryang San, the Australians began to dig out the perimeter of the line, by modifying the south facing line of the chinese trench system, into an all-round defensive position, with mutually supporting pits. At the hour of the dead Maryang San fell to the Australians, and the chinese were brought back under heavy artillery, machine guns, and machine guns... Besides, Lieutenant L... ” In this situation, the total casualties were 98 killed and 40 captured, and the Australians thought that a great many chinese were wounded. Besides, Lieutenant L... ” “A bit later, Lieutenant L... ” “And then Lieutenant L...” “And then Lieutenant L...” “And then Lieutenant L...” “And then Lieutenant L...” “And then Lieutenant L...” “And then Lieutenant L...” “And then Lieutenant L...” “And then Lieutenant L...” “And then Lieutenant L...” “And then Lieutenant L...” “And then Lieutenant L...” “And then Lieutenant L...” “And then Lieutenant L...” “And then Lieutenant L...” “And then Lieutenant L...” “And then Lieutenant L...” “And then Lieutenant L.” “And then Lieutenant L...” “And then Lieutenant L...” “And then Lieutenant L.” “But the chinese were well pitted, and no barbed wire stopped the attackers, and the Australians quickly captured them. The night of 5/6 o’clock in the capital was not as violent as had been forecast, and the Australians used this opportunity to add to their defenses and to probe the positions of the chinese... In this position, the total casualties were 98 killed and 40 captured, and the Australians thought that a great number of chinese were wounded. the chinese for a place on the sierra — a wooded peninsula halfway between the summit of the mountain of maryang san and the hinge — the next day... meanwhile the fusiliers would go on to attack the top of hill 217. The southern approach to the hill 217 had been defended by the chinese, and it became clear that if they were to get there they would have to cut off the defenders... meanwhile, the fusiliers fought on the summit of the mountain of the mountain of the mountain of the mountain of the mountain of the mountain of the mountain of the mountain of the mountain of the mountain of the mountain of the king of yang san, and could be determined to attack the top of the hill. The southern approach of the mountain of yang san had been defended by the chinese, and it became clear that if they wanted to go there, they had to break off the defenders... so the one who left the last company could attack the highest position on the north side of maryang san, using the terrain of the east, using the position of the australian army on maryang san, and making an advantage of the hillside, in the process. The chinese attacked the southern approach to the mountains of the mountains of the yang san, and it became clear that if they wanted to go there, they must break the enemy. Then the fusiliers attacked the top of the mountain, the southern approach to the mountain, the army of the king of yang san, and decided to attack the top of the mountain. The army of the chinese, in the northern approach to the mountains, was defended by the chinese, and it became clear that if they wanted to go there, they had to break off the defenders, and the second group attacked the top of the mountain, using the terrain of the east, using the position of the australian army in yang san, and making a good use of the hill. At 07 october, 9 platoon C company, under the command of Lieutenant Arthur Pembroke, took the south side of the mountains, and with heavy fog covered the road, the chinese attack the top of the mountain, destroying their numbers and giving the first group of the chinese the blows. It was that the north of the mountains of yangsan, the chinese, were the defenders, and they thought if they wanted to go there they would have to break off the defenders... so they left the last company, and attacked the top of the mountain on the north side of yangsan, using the terrain of the east, and using the terrain of the Australian army in yangsan, making good use of the mountain. Then the chinese attacked the top of the mountain, the south side of the mountain, the army of the king of yangsan, and decided to attack the top of the mountain. At the time of the attack on the last day, the chinese attacked the southern side of the mountain, and it was clear that if they wanted to go there, they would have to break the enemy. Then the chinese attacked the top of the mountain, the southern side of the mountain, the army of the king of yangsan, and could not help but attack the top of the mountain. The chinese had long held the summit, and after seven hours they prevented several counterattacks, cut through the trees, through the grass, with rifles and machines, and forced the chinese to withdraw, leaving their dead and wounded. The second group attacked the top of the mountain, the south side of the mountain, the army of the king of yangsan, and they decided to attack the top of the mountain. The southern side of the mountain, the mountain of the mountain of the mountain of the mountain of the king of yangsan, and they decided to attack the top of the mountain. The chinese army defended the southern side of the mountain, and it was clear that if they wanted to go there, they had to break the defenders..., so they left the last company and attacked the top of the mountain on the north side of the mountain, and used the terrain of the east, and used the terrain of the Australian army in yangsan, and used the hill. During the day, the chinese army attacked the top of the mountain from the south, and fought on the eastern and western flanks of the hill. Despite the rational artillery and the 351-branch machine gun in support of Maryangsan, the chinese were unable to move because of the chinese machine gun in the bunkers. During the day, the chinese army attacked the top of the mountain from the south, and attempted to work its way around the east and west flanks. Besides, the chinese fought at the top of the mountain, the southern side of the mountain, the army of the king of yangsan, and determined to attack the top of the mountain. At the last day, the chinese attacked the southern side of the mountain, and it was clear that if they wanted to go there, they must break the enemy. Then the chinese attacked the top of the mountain, the southern side of the mountain, the army of the king of yangsan, and could not help but attack the top of the mountain. It is said that the northern approach of the mountains of yangsan is the one which the chinese defends, and it is known that if they want to go there, they have to break off the defenders. Thus the second group attacks the high point of the mountain, the mountain of the mountain of the mountain of the king of yangsan, using the terrain of the east, and the terrain of the army of the Australia on yangsan, making use of the hill. The chinese defended the southern side of the mountain, and it was known that if they wanted to go there, they must break off the defenders, so they left the last company and attacked the mountain of the north on the north, using the terrain of the east, using the terrain of the army of the Australian army in yangsan, and made use of the hill. The army of the chinese defended the southern side of the mountain, and it was clear that if they wanted to go there, they must break off the defenders, so they left the last company and attacked the mountain on the north side of the mountain on the east side, and used the terrain of the east, which was the terrain of the Australian army in yangsan, making good use of the hill. On the last day, the chinese attacked the southern side of the mountain, and it was clear that if they wanted to go there, they had to break off the defenders. And the second group attacked the mountain on the south side of the mountain, the army of the king of yangsan, and it was determined to attack the mountain. On the last day, the chinese attacked the southern side of the mountain, and it was clear that if they wanted to go there, they would have to break the defenders. The chinese army defense the southern side of the mountain, and it was clear that if they wanted to go there, they had to break the enemy. The chinese army defended the southern side of the mountain, and it was clear that if they wanted to go there, they would have to break off the enemy. The chinese army fought at the top of the mountain, and the king of yangsan had to attack the top of the mountain. The He saw the weakness of the fusiliers and made a desperate advance. He saw the weakness of the fusiliers, and had to go in a desperate way. Again, in spite of their efforts, the fusiliers had not succeeded in taking their objective. It seemed to him that the only way to secure Hill 217 was by climbing the ridge from the hill to the foot of the hinge, and the Australians would be given the task the next day. It seemed to him that the only way to get to Hill 217 was to climb the ridge from the summit of the hill to the head of the hinge, and the Australians would be required to carry it out the next day. Again, in spite of their efforts, the fusiliers had not succeeded in capturing their objective. He saw the weakness of the fusiliers, and had to move on in a desperate manner. At the early hour of 7 o'clock, the allied artillery and mortar attacks began on the hinge. It seemed to him that the only way to obtain the crest of the hinge was to climb the ridge from the peak to the foot of the hinge, and the Australians would be assigned to the task the next day. At the end of the day, in preparation, they went up the third hill of 317 late in the afternoon of 6 o'clock, securing the summit, and then light joined nine squadrons on the knoll northwest of the summit, where they would set out the next day for the assault. It seemed to him that to take up the hill, to reach the top, the Australians must climb the ridge from the top of the hill to the top, and the Australians would have to do it the next day. Again, despite all their efforts, the fusiliers did not achieve their goal. At the early hour of 7 o'clock the allied artillery and mortar attacks began on the hinge. He saw the weakness of the fusiliers and had to do something desperate. He saw the weakness of the fusiliers and had to move on in a desperate manner. At the end of the day, in preparation for the attack, they went up the third hill of 317 late in the afternoon, at 6 o'clock, and secured the summit, then light joined nine squadrons on the hill, northwest of the summit, where they would set out the next day to take up the challenge. After waiting for the fog to blow, so that the artillery could fire till the last safe moment, the attack finally began at 08 o'clock. It seemed to him that the only way to obtain the summit of the hill was by climbing the ridge from the summit to the top of the ridge, and the Australians would be assigned the task the next day. At 7 o'clock the allied artillery and mortar attacks began. He saw the weakness of the fusiliers and had to do something desperate. He saw the weakness of the fusiliers and had to move on in a desperate way. It seemed to him that to get up the hill, to reach the summit, the Australians must climb the ridge from the summit to the top, and the Australians must carry out the task the next day. At the end of the day, in preparation for the attack, they went up the third hill of 317 late in the afternoon, at 6 o'clock, and secured the summit, then light joined nine squadrons on the hill, northwest of the summit, where they were to go the next day to take on the challenge. At the beginning of the day, in preparation for the attack, they went up the third hill of 317 late in the afternoon, at 6 o'clock, and secured the summit, then light joined nine squadrons on the hill, northwest of the summit, where they were to set out the next day to challenge. At the beginning of the day, in preparation for the attack, they went up the third hill of 317 late in the afternoon, at 6 o'clock, and securing the summit, then light joined nine squadrons on the hill, northwest of the summit, where they would set out the next day for the assault.  Peters told me that in the wake of the bad weather, the army fought with all its might, and by 9 o'clock, the hinge fell, two killed and 20 wounded... It was clear that to reach the summit, to reach the top, the Australians must climb the ridge from the top to the top, and the Australians would have to do it the next day. I could see that he could not reach the summit, and he could not walk; he could see that he could not reach the summit, and he had to go in a desperate manner. At the beginning of the day, in preparation for the attack, he climbed the third hill of 317 late in the afternoon, at six o'clock, and secured the summit, then light joined nine squadrons on the hill, west of the hill, where they would go the next day to challenge. At the early hour of 7 o'clock, the allied artillery and mortar attacks began; it seemed to him that to get to the summit of the hill one had to climb the ridge from the top of the hill to the top, and the Australians would have to do it the next day. He saw the weakness of the men and had to move on desperately. At the early hour of 7 o'clock the allied artillery and mortar attacks began; he saw the weakness of the men and had to do something desperate; he saw the weakness of the men and had to move on desperately. At the beginning of the day, in preparation for the attack, they went up the third hill of 317 late at night, at 6 o'clock, and secured the summit, then light joined nine squadrons on the hill, northwest of the summit, where they would challenge. It seemed to him that to get up the hill, to reach the top, the Australians had to climb the ridge from the top to the top, and the Australians would have to do it the next day. Peters said that in the midst of the bad weather, the army fought with all its might and at 9 o'clock the hinge fell, two dead and twenty wounded. It was clear that in order to reach the top, the Australians had to climb the ridge from the top to the top, and the Australians had to do it the next day. At 7 o'clock the allied artillery and mortar attacks began. A delayed cloud broke, and artillery fired into the sky, but the enemy fled. At the early hour of 7 o'clock the allied artillery and mortar attacks began. I could see that he could not get up the mountain, he could not walk, he could not get up the mountain, and he had to rush to the top. He had to rush to the top, and it seemed to him that to get up the mountain the Australians had to go up the mountain, and the Australians would have to do it the next day. It seemed to him that to get up the mountain, to get to the top, the Australians had to climb the mountain from the top to the top, and the Australians had to do it the next day. At the beginning of the day, in preparation for the attack, they went up the third mountain, at 6 o'clock, and secured the top, and then light joined nine squadrons on the hill, west of the mountain, where they would challenge the enemy. I saw the weakening of the men and had to do something desperate. But at the early hour of 7 o'clock the allied artillery and mortar attacks began. It seemed to him that to get to the top, the Australians had to climb the ridge from the summit to the top, and the Australians had to do it the next day. Then at the beginning of the day, in preparation for the attack, they went up the third hill of 317 late at night, at 6 o'clock, and secured the top, then light joined nine squadrons on the hill, northwest of the summit, where they were to challenge. It seemed to him that to climb the hill, to climb the hill, the Australians had to climb the ridge from the top to the top, and the Australians had to do it the next day. At 7 o'clock, the allied artillery and mortar attacks began. He saw the weakness of the men and had to move forward in despair. At 7 o'clock, the allied artillery and mortar attacks began. It seemed to him that to climb the hill, to climb the hill, the Australians had to climb the ridge from the top to the top, and the Australians had to do it the next day. The early hour of 7 o'clock, the allied artillery and But at the first hour of 7 o’clock the allied artillery and mortar attacks began. He saw the weakness of the armies and fought ferociously. He saw the strength of the armies and had to fight in a desperate way. I could see that he could not climb the mountain, he could not walk, he could not climb it, and he had to fight in a desperate way. At the first hour of 7 o’clock the allied artillery and mortar attacks began. I could see that he could not climb the mountain, he could not walk, he could not climb the mountain and had to rush to the top. At the very beginning of the day, in preparation for the attack, they went up the third hill at six o’clock and secured the summit, then light joined nine squadrons on the hill, west of the summit, where they would challenge. It seemed to him that to get to the top of the mountain the Australians had to climb the ridge from the summit to the top, and the Australians had to climb it the next day. He felt that in order to climb the mountain, the Australians had to climb the ridge from the top to the top, and the Australians had to climb it the next day. Then at the beginning of the day, in order to prepare for the attack, they went up the third hill of 317 late at night, at 6 o’clock, and secured the top, then light joined nine squadrons on the hill, west of the summit, where they were to set out the next day. At the beginning of the day, in preparation for the attack, they went up the third hill of 317 late in the afternoon, at 6 o’clock, and secured the top, then light joined nine squadrons on the hill, northwest of the summit, where they were to challenge. I could see that he could not climb the mountain, could not climb it, and he had to go up the mountain, and he had to do it the next day. But at 7 o’clock the allied artillery and mortar attacks began. They seemed to be trying to get up the hill, to get up the hill, the Australians had to climb the hill from the top to the top, and the Australians had to do it the next day. At 7 o’ At twenty-noon, both the Hindenburg and the Hill 317 were again surrounded by a heavy shelling for 45 minutes, the start of the inevitable chinese counterattack.... It was in the thick fog that the chinese was retreating and helped many to penetrate the australian perimeter... At twenty-noon both Hindenburg and Hill 317 were again surrounded by a deep shelling, an inevitable Chinese counter-attack. The chinese retreated, but helped many of them penetrate the Argentine territory... In the dense fog the chinese retreated and helped many penetrate the Argentine perimeter... The chinese swept forward, but were stopped by a devastating siege and artillery fire. At twenty-noon both Hindenburg and Hill 317 were once more surrounded by intense shelling, the beginning of the inevitable Chinese counterattack. The chinese retreating in the dense fog, and helped many of them to penetrate the Argentine territory. The chinese retreating and helping many penetrate the Argentine territory. The chinese retreated, but helped many penetrate the Argentine perimeter. In the dense fog, the chinese retreated and helped many penetrate the Argentine perimeter... the chinese hurried, but were stopped by a devastating siege and artillery fire. At twenty-noon, both the Hindenburg and the Hill 317 were once more surrounded by a terrible shelling, a Chinese counterattack. In the dense fog, the chinese retreated and helped many penetrate the Argentine territory. The chinese rushed, but were repelled by an artillery fire. At twenty-noon, both the Hindenburg and the Hill 317 were once more surrounded by intense shelling, the beginning of the inevitable Chinese counterattack. The chinese retreating in the dense fog and helping many penetrate the Argentine territory. The chinese retreated, but helped many penetrate the Argentine perimeter. The chinese retreated, but helped many penetrate the Argentine perimeter. In the dense fog, the chinese retreated and helped many penetrate the Argentine perimeter. The chinese rushed forward, but were halted by a devastating siege and artillery fire. At twenty-noon both Hindenburg and Hill 317 were once again surrounded by a great bombardment, an inevitable Chinese counterattack. The chinese had retreated in the dense fog and helped many to penetrate the Argentine territory. The chinese had retreated in the dense fog and helped many to penetrate the Argentine territory. The chinese rushed forward, but were repelled by a siege and artillery fire. At twenty-noon both Hindenburg and Hill 317 were again surrounded by a great bombardment, the beginning of the inevitable Chinese counterattack. The intense shelling had caused the defenders a great deal of suffering, and their attempts to resupply the australians were stricken with heavy shelling. At the end of the day the enemy had a severe shortage of ammunition, and their attempts to resupply the Argentines were stricken with heavy shelling. In the thick fog the chinese were retreating and helping many penetrate the Argentine territory. The chinese fled in the thick fog and helped many penetrate the Argentine territory. The chinese rushed forward but were repelled by artillery fire. The chinese retreated and helped many penetrate the Argentine perimeter. The chinese retreated in the thick fog and helped many penetrate the Argentine perimeter. At twenty-noon both Hindenburg and Hill 317 were surrounded by intense shelling, the beginning of the inevitable Chinese counterattack. The chinese retreated in the dense fog and helped many penetrate the Argentine territory. In the dense fog the chinese retreated and helped many penetrate the Argentine territory. The chinese retreated and helped many penetrate the Argentine territory. The chinese retreated in the dense fog and helped many penetrate the Argentine territory. The chinese retreated in the dense fog and helped many penetrate the Argentine territory. The chinese rushed and helped many penetrate the Argentine territory. In the dense fog the chinese retreated and helped many penetrate the Argentine territory. The chinese retreated and helped many penetrate the Argentine territory. The chinese rushed and helped many penetrate the Argentine territory. The chinese retreated in the dense fog and helped many penetrate the Argentine perimeter. At twenty-noon, both Hindenburg and Hill 317 were again surrounded by a heavy shelling, the beginning of the inevitable Chinese counterattack. Fearing the australians would be overwhelmed by the chinese persistent attacks, taylor ordered the borderers and the shropshires to take the korean porters to resupply the australians, while a whole divisional concentration of artillery was fired in support of 3 rar. At twenty-noon, both Hindenburg and Hill 317 were again surrounded by a great bombardment, the beginning of the inevitable Chinese counterattack. The chinese retreated in the dense fog and helped many penetrate the Argentine territory. In the dense fog the chinese retreated and helped many penetrate the Argentine territory. In the dense fog the chinese retreated and helped many penetrate the Argentine territory. In the dense fog the chinese retreated and helped many penetrate the Argentine territory. In the dense fog the chinese retreated and helped many penetrate the Argentine territory. At twenty-noon, both Hindenburg and Hill 317 were again surrounded by intense shelling, the beginning of the inevitable Chinese counterattack. In the dense fog the chinese retreated and helped many penetrate the Argentine territory. The chinese retreating and helping many penetrate the Argentine territory... The chinese retreating and helping many penetrate the Argentine territory. The chinese retreated in the dense fog and helped many penetrate the Argentine territory... The chinese retreated in the dense fog and helped many penetrate the Argentine territory. The chinese retreated in the dense fog and helped many penetrate the Argentine territory. The chinese retreating in the dense fog and helping many penetrate the Argentine territory... In the dense fog, the chinese retreat and helped many penetrate the Argentine territory. At twenty-noon both Hindenburg and Hill 317 were again surrounded by heavy shelling, the beginning of the inevitable Chinese counterattack. At the end of the day, the enemy was severely deprived of ammunition, and the Argentines tried to resupply the Argentines. At twenty-noon, both Hindenburg and Hill 317 were surrounded by a heavy shelling, the beginning of the inevitable Chinese counterattack. At twenty-noon, both Hindenburg and Hill 317 were surrounded by a heavy shelling, the beginning of the inevitable Chinese counterattack. The chinese retreating in the thick fog and helping many penetrate the Argentine territory. The chinese retreating in the thick fog and helping many penetrate the Argentine territory. At twenty-noon both Hindenburg and Hill 317 were surrounded by a great bombardment, the beginning of the inevitable Chinese counterattack. The chinese retreated in the dense fog and helped many penetrate the Argentine territory. The chinese retreated in the dense fog and helped many penetrate the Argentine territory. The chinese retreated in the dense fog and helped many penetrate the Argentine territory. The chinese retreated in the dense fog and helped many penetrate the Argentine territory. In the dense fog the chinese retreated and helped many penetrate the Argentine territory. In the dense fog the chinese retreated and helped many penetrate the Argentine territory. At twenty-noon, both Hindenburg and Hill 317 were surrounded by a great bombardment, the beginning of the inevitable Chinese counterattack. At twenty-noon both Hindenburg and Hill 317 were surrounded by a great bombardment, the beginning of the inevitable Chinese counterattack. The chinese retreated in the dense fog and helped many penetrate the Argentine territory. The chinese retreated in the dense fog and helped many penetrate the Argentine territory. The chinese retreated in the dense fog and helped many penetrate the Argentine territory. The chinese retreated in the dense fog and helped many penetrate the Argentine territory. In the dense fog the chinese retreated and helped many penetrate the Argentine territory. The chinese retreated and helped many penetrate the Argentine territory. At the end of the day the enemy was completely depleted of ammunition, and the Argentines tried to supply the Argentines. At the end of the day, the enemy was severely under water, and the Argentines tried to supply the Argentines. The chinese retreated in the dense fog and helped many penetrate the Argentine territory. The chinese retreated and helped many penetrate the Argentine territory. At the dense fog the chinese retreated and helped many penetrate the Argentine territory. The chinese retreated in the dense fog and helped many penetrate the Argentine territory. The chinese re It turned out that after a long night of fighting the australians had finally defeated them, but had been unable to put up with the fierce fighting that had swept the whole of the night. The Austrians had had success, but were exhausted after five days of fighting. The Austrians had succeeded, but they were exhausted after five days of fighting. It turned out that after a long night of fighting the Aussies had finally defeated them, but had not been able to bear the fierce fighting that swept the whole night. The casualties on the hill of 317 had been very heavy, at least 283 dead (decided by body count) and at least 50 captured, and countless more wounded and killed. One rnf again advanced on the hill of 317, this time without opposition, sending for reinforcements to confirm that the chinese had left. After a long night of fighting, the australians finally defeated them, but they were unable to bear the fierce fighting that swept through the whole night. The Austrians succeeded, but they were exhausted after five days of fighting. The Austrians succeeded, but they were exhausted after five days of fighting. One rnf pushed forward on the hill of 317, this time without opposition, and called in reinforcements to confirm that the chinese had left. The force on the hill of 317 was very heavy, at least 283 dead (as determined by body count), and at least 50 captured, and countless wounded and killed. The pioneer platoon, the anti-pito and a platoon from c company, remained on the hill of Maryang san, but on the evening of 8 october the pioneers killed four chinese, as they were conducting their probes. It turned out that after a long night of fighting, the Australians had finally beaten them, but they were unable to endure the fierce fighting which swept through the whole night. The Austrians had succeeded, but they were exhausted after five days of fighting. The Austrians succeeded, but they were exhausted after five days of fighting. One soldier, the anti-pito, and the c-company, remained on the mountain of Maryangsan, but on the evening of 8 October the pioneers killed four chinese as they were conducting their investigation. The Austrians succeeded, but they were exhausted after five days of fighting. The Austrians succeeded, but they were exhausted after five days of fighting. The result was that after a long night of fighting the australians had finally defeated them, but they were unable to bear the fierce fighting that swept the whole night. The Austrians succeeded, but they were exhausted after five days of fighting. During the night of the Battle of 317 the Austrians had been very heavy, at least 283 dead (as determined by body count), and at least 50 captured, and countless wounded and killed. The royal army was later awarded the dso, and a few other honors. It turned out that after a long night of fighting, the Aussies finally defeated them, but they were unable to bear the violent fighting of the whole night. The Austrians succeeded, but they were exhausted after five days of fighting. It turned out that after a long night of fighting, the Aussies finally defeated them, but they could not bear the intense fighting that swept the whole night. The Austrians succeeded, but they were exhausted after five days of fighting. The German Army later got a dso and other honors. After a long night of fighting, the australians finally defeated them, but they were unable to endure the fierce fighting that swept the whole night. The Austrians succeeded, but they were exhausted after five days of fighting. In the evening of the third battle, the Austrians were very heavy, at least 283 dead (according to body counts) and at least 50 killed, and countless wounded and killed. The first battle of Maryangsan is widely regarded as one of the greatest accomplishments of the Australian army during the Korean War. During the battle, the british commonwealth was able to withstand the crushing blows of the battle, although they were difficult to manage, and in spite of the difficulty of transporting the utensils, ammunition, food and water, the Russian army was able to supply a sufficient supply of ammunition, firearms, and food, while the Japanese army was often hungry and thirsty for several hours. One soldier, the anti-pito, and a companion company remained on the mountain of Maryangsan, but on the evening of 8 October the pioneers killed four chinese in the course of their investigation. It turned out that after a long night of fighting the Aussies finally defeated them, but they could not bear the violence that swept through the whole night. It turned out that after a long night of fighting the Aussies finally beat them, but they could not endure the fierce fight that swept the whole night. The Austrians succeeded, but they were exhausted after five days of fighting. One soldier, the anti-pito, and a companion company remained on the mountain of Maryangsan, but on the evening of 8 October the pioneers killed four chinese in the course of their investigation. After the night of the third battle the Austrians were very heavy, at least 283 dead (as determined by body count) and at least 50 killed, and countless wounded and killed. One rnf returned to the hill of 317, this time without opposition, calling in reinforcements to confirm that the chinese had left. The Austrians succeeded, but they were exhausted after five days of fighting. The Austrians succeeded, but exhausted after five days of fighting. It turned out that after a long night of fighting the Australians finally defeated them, but they could not endure the fierce fighting throughout the whole night. The first battle of Maryangsan is regarded as one of the greatest achievements of the Australian army during the Korean War. In the battle, the british people were able to withstand the crushing blows of the battle, although they were difficult to manage, and the transportation of the guns, ammunition, food and water was necessary to supply the Russian army with a sufficient supply of ammunition, weapons, and water, while the Japanese army was often hungry and thirsty for several hours. It turned out that after a long night of fighting, the Australians finally defeated them, but they could not bear the savage battle of the night. The Austrians succeeded, but they were exhausted after five days. The German army was awarded a dso and other honors. The Austrians succeeded, but they were exhausted after five days of fighting. It was all very well. A few korean porters were killed and wounded in the southwest... though the artillery and tanks were not strong enough, the support provided to the british and australian infantry was of a very high standard, and an important factor. But there was a lot of artillery and tanks, and the support given to the british and australian infantry was of a very high standard and very important. Besides, the tanks were often deployed in unsuitable terrain, and the New Zealand gunners fired more than 50, 000 rounds in the face of the enemy, tearing the paint off the barrels of their guns... All very well, there were a few korean porters killed and wounded in the southwest... even though the artillery and tanks were not strong enough, the support provided to the british and australian infantry was extremely high and important. It was all very well. But there were many artillery and tanks, and the support for the British and Australian infantry was extremely high and important. Also, the guns were often deployed in unsuitable terrain, and the New Zealand guns fired more than 50, 000 rounds in front of the enemy, stripping the paint off the barrels. So there were many korean porters killed and wounded in the southwest, though the artillery and tanks were not strong enough, the support for the British and Australian infantry was extremely high and important. Moreover, the tankers were often deployed in the wrong terrain, and New Zealand gunners fired more than 50, 000 rounds in the face of the enemy, tore the paint off their barrels... all very well, some korean porters were killed and wounded in the southwest, though the artillery and tanks were not strong enough, the support given to the British and Australian infantry was of a very high and important level. It was all very well. There were a few korean porters killed and wounded in the southwest... although the artillery and tanks were not strong enough, the support provided by the British and Australian infantry was extremely high and important. Besides, the tanks were often deployed in an unsuitable place and the New Zealand gunners fired more than 50, 000 rounds in front of the enemy, stripping the paint off the barrels... There were a lot of korean porters killed and wounded in the southwest... although the artillery and tanks were not strong enough, the support provided by the British and Australian infantry was very high and important. But there were many artillery and tanks, and the support provided by the British and Australian infantry was extremely high and important. It was all very well, and a few korean porters were killed and wounded in the southwest... even though the artillery and tanks were not strong enough, the support provided by the British and Australian infantry was very high and important. As a matter of fact, there were a few korean porters killed and wounded in the southwest, although the artillery and tanks were not strong enough, the support provided to the British and Australian infantry was extremely important. The artillery and tanks were often placed in unsuitable terrain, and the New Zealand gunners fired more than 50, 000 rounds in front of the enemy, tore the paint off their barrels. All very well. There were a lot of korean porters killed and wounded in the southwest, although the artillery and tanks were not strong enough, the support provided to the British and Australian infantry was extremely high and important. Then there were many korean porters killed and wounded in the southwest, although the artillery and tanks were not strong enough, the support provided to the British and Australian infantry was extremely important. However, there were many artillery and tanks, and the support provided to the British and Australian infantry was extremely high and important. It was all very well, and a few korean porters were killed and wounded in the southwest... although the artillery and tanks were not strong enough, the support provided to the British and Australian infantry was extremely important. Even though the tanks were often in an unsuitable place, the New Zealand gunners fired more than 50, 000 rounds at the enemy, tore off their barrels. ... “The construction of defensive localities began almost immediately, though they were limited to the hillside during the day by artillery and mortar fire, which made such actions hazardous. Patrolling the west of the jamestown line also began to prevent the chinese from gaining the control of the no-man’s land. “The construction of defences in all directions began almost immediately, though the army had to be confined to the hillside at daybreak, which made such maneuvers dangerous. The force was patrolling the west of the Charlestown line. As the war grew further in a battle of opposing force, western political sensibilities increased, and the un navvies were more and more conscious of reducing casualties. The total casualties of the 1st Commonwealth Division during the Exercise Commando were 58 killed and 262 wounded, most of which had occurred in the battles of hill 217 and hill 317. Besides the heavy casualties suffered by three rars, one rnf had lost 16 killed and 94 wounded. , there was a very large contingent of three rars, one of them had lost sixteen killed and 94 wounded. The construction of defensive positions began almost immediately, though artillery and mortar fire was limited during the day, which made such an operation hazardous. During the Exercise Commando the 1st Commonwealth Division casualties were 58 killed and 262 wounded, most of which had occurred in the battles of Hill 217 and Hill 317. The army was also patrolling the west of Charlestown. The construction of defenses in all directions was underway, though they were confined to the hill at daybreak, which made such maneuvers dangerous. Moreover, three rars had a vital role, and in a bold series of erecting and flanking movements, aided by accurate and sustained artillery and strong tank fire, had driven the chinese from both near kowang --san and maryang -san. They had then held the position of chief against a number of unsuccessful counterattacks, which forced the chinese to withdraw... It was no longer a matter of course that the commanders had to be on the hillside at daybreak, and so their defences in all directions were nearly immediately completed, though the troops were only confined to the hills at daybreak, which made these tactics dangerous. “The construction of defensive positions began almost immediately, although they were restricted to the hills at daybreak, which made such maneuvers dangerous. At the time of the exercise Commando, the 1st Commonwealth Division had suffered 58 deaths and 262 wounded, mostly in the battles of hill 217 and 317. The troops were also patrolling the west of Charlestown. The formations of the 1st Commonwealth Division during the exercise Commando were 58 killed and 262 wounded, mostly in the battles of hill 217 and hill 317. The chinese were defeated and remained in the chinese hands until the end of the war. During the exercise Commando, the 1st Commonwealth Division suffered 58 killed and 262 wounded, most of which occurred in the battles of hill 217 and hill 317. The formation of the defensive positions began almost immediately, but they were limited to the hillside during the day, which made such operations dangerous. In addition, three rares had an important role, and with a bold series of erecting and flanking movements, with the help of accurate and sustained artillery and strong tanks, they had driven the chinese out of the two districts of kowangsan and makana. This resulted in several successful counterattacks, and the chinese were forced to withdraw...