 It is a compilation of ten songs by yankovic’s strange-al, a German man of the music known as –unprecedented. The release was released on June 22, 1993, by Scotti Brothers Records. The album contains ten of yankovic’s parodies which relate to food. A similar album, a tv album, a compilation of all ten songs on television, was also released two years later. That record was released on June 22, 1993, by Scotti Brothers. It contains ten songs by Yankovic, a German music musician known as -unprecedented. It contains some parodies on food. "Some of the songs on food yankovic recorded, for instance: "girls just want to have lunch" and "cake-king" were left out of the record, though the former was the result of personal preference, and the latter was the result of a pressing need. The album - ten songs on food - - received mixed reviews from the critics, many of whom thought that the album was a pleasant collection of songs, but that it was not a necessity. The release was made on the 22nd of June, 1993 by Scotti Brothers. The album contains ten of Yankovic's parodies of food. The title of this album is “Unprecedented,” and a compilation of all ten songs by Yankovic, a German musician called - Unprecedented. The song "unprecedented" contains "gadget-like", "horse-playing", and "cheeky-dog-splash", although this is the result of personal preference, and the latter is a result of a pressing need. Nevertheless, the record was rated gold by the record-making association of America (RIAA), and it was the first and only compilation of yankovic's songs that reached that mark. " The songs on the food album were reviewed by many critics, and some said that the album was a pleasant collection of songs, but that it was not necessary. " The album entitled "food" is a collection of ten songs by Yankovic, a German musician of the music of the unprecedented. They are all humorous references to food. The songs on the album on the ten in food – got mixed reviews from the critics, many of whom felt that it was a pleasant collection of songs, but that it was not necessary. The album ‘The Incredulous’ is a collection of ten songs by Yankovic, a German musician, renowned for his “unprecedented” style. This album was released on June 22, 1993 by Scotti Brothers. It contains ten short stories by Yankovic on food. ‘ ‘The Incredulous’ contains a ‘big bag of chips’, ‘a big bag of chips’, ‘bough-and-stock’, and ‘cheeky dogs’,’ although the former is a personal preference, the latter is a pressing need. ‘Only ‘familiar’ yankovic sang, for instance, ‘It’s nice to be going to lunch,’ and ‘cake king’, were left out of the record, although the former was a personal preference, and the latter was the result of a pressing need.’ ‘This was the food album – ten songs – and the review was mixed; many people thought it was a pleasant album, but that it wasn’t necessary. The song ‘familiar’ yankovic sang in ‘unprecedented’ was a German musician, known as Unprecedented. The title of this album is ‘Unprecedented’, and a compilation of all ten songs by Yankovic, a German musician of the unusual. The song ‘familiar’ contains ‘gadgety’, ‘horseplay’, and ‘cheeky’ dog-splash’, but this is the result of personal preference, and the latter of an urgent need. They contain some humorous parodies about food. This album is called "food", and it contains ten songs by Yankovic, a German musician renowned for his "unprecedented" style. The songs on this album are ten of Yankovic's parodies about food. "The last two songs, 'white stuff' and 'turkey', are taken from the 1992 album out of the deep end. The album consists of ten songs by Yankovic, a German musician of the unprecedented style. The album is called "unprecedented" and consists of all ten songs by Yankovic, a German musician of the unprecedented style. The song "unprecedented" contains "tools", "horseplay", and "cheeky dogs", although the former is a personal preference, the latter is a pressing need. The song "unprecedented" was performed by the German musician in the 'unprecedented' style in which it is all funny references to food. This album was released on June 22, 1993 by Scotti, containing ten songs of the unprecedented style of Yankovic. This album contains ten of Yankovic's songs on food. The album is called "unprecedented", and it contains all ten songs of Yankovic, a German musician known for his unprecedented style. The song "unprecedented" contains "gadgety", "horseplay", and "cheeky dog-splash", though this is the result of personal preference, and the latter is a necessity. " This is the record on food, and the review was mixed; many people thought that it was a pleasant album, but that it was not necessary. It is a compilation of ten songs by Yankovic, a German musician of the extraordinary style, called ‘Unprecedented.’ This compilation was released on June 22, 1993, by Scotti Brothers. It contains ten songs by Yankovic, a German musician of the extraordinary style, known as ‘Unprecedented’. The album ‘Unprecedented’ is a compilation of all ten songs by Yankovic, a German musician of the extraordinary style. It is a compilation of ten songs by Yankovic, a German musician of the extraordinary style. This compilation of songs on food is a mixed record, and many of them felt that it was a pleasant collection of songs, but that it was not necessary. This album is called ‘Fan’, and contains ten songs by Yankovic, a German musician of the extraordinary style, and the songs on it are a collection of surprises. ‘The most strange of the songs that Yankovic recorded were: ‘It’s nice to go to lunch’ and ‘cake-king’, although the latter is personal preference and the latter is pressing. The song ‘Fan’ is a German musician known as ‘unprecedented’, the artist is a German musician known for his ‘unprecedented’ style, and it contains some jokes about food. This album was released on June 22, 1993 by Scotti. It contains ten jokes about food. The song ‘fan’ contains ‘tools’, ‘horseplay’ and ‘cheeky dogs’, although the former is personal preference and the latter is pressing need. The song ‘fan’ contains ‘laughter’, ‘bread’, and ‘cheeky dogs’, though the latter is a personal preference, the latter is a pressing need.’ ‘This is the food album,’ and the review was mixed, many people thought it was a pleasant album, but that it was not necessary. This is a compilation of ten songs by Yankovic, a German musician renowned for his ‘unprecedented’ style. This compilation contains ten songs by Yankovic, a German musician renowned for his ‘unprecedented’ style. The songs on this album are ten of Yankovic’s ‘unprecedente ‘Girls just want to have a lunch,’ was chosen from the song’s sound by the avowedly disliked Yankovic’s own, as the record company had forced him to record it in order to release ‘Meanwhile.’ “Girls just want to have lunch,” was selected from the sound of the song by the avowedly disliked Yankovic, who had been forced to record it in order to release “Meanwhile.” The song was originally recorded for offstage use... however, Yankovic decided to change the “waffle king” to “I was only kidding,” which he had recorded for his next album; thus yankovic was forced to put off “waffle king” for the time being. The song was later released on the single “Oh, my God,” as well as on yankovic’s eighth studio album, Alapalooza, which was released four months after the food album... " The girls want to have lunch," was selected from the sound of the song by the avowedly disdainful Yankovic, who had been forced to record it in order to release "Meanwhile." The song was originally recorded for a rehearsal... However, Yankovic decided to change the "waffle king" into "I was only joking" which he had recorded for his next album, thus yankovic was forced to put off the "waffle king" for the time being. The song was later released on the single "Oh, my God," and on the album "Long live" by yankovic's eighth studio album, "Alapalooza", which was released four months after the food album. “The girls just want to have a snack,” was chosen from the song by the disdainful Yankovic, who had been forced to record it in order to release “Meanwhile.” “The girls just want to have a snack,” was chosen from the song by the disdainful Yankovic, who had been forced to record it in order to release “Meanwhile.” “Girls just want to have a snack,” was chosen from the sound of the song by the disdainful Yankovic, who had been forced to record it in order to release “Meanwhile.” After the release of the food album and the television album, besides the various greatest hits released by yankovic, scotti brothers used the compilation option of theirs in yankovic’s contract, which prevented further compilations from being released in the later 1990s. However, Yankovic decided to change the “waffle king” to “I was only making fun of” which he had recorded for his next album, thus yankovic was forced to forego “waffle king”. The song was originally recorded for a rehearsal... however, Yankovic decided to change the “waffle king” into “I was just joking” which he had recorded for his next album; therefore, yankovic was forced to forego “waffle king” for the time being. The song was later released on the single “Oh, God,” and on the album “Long live” by yankovic, the eighth album of Alapalooza, which was released four months after the food album. After the release of the food album and the television album, in addition to the various greatest hits released, the brothers obtained the whole of their own rights in yankovic’s contract, which prevented further compilations from being released until the end of the 1990s. ‘Girls just want to have lunch’ was selected from the song’s sound by the avowedly disdainful Yankovic, who had been forced to record it in order to release ‘Meanwhile.’ ‘Girls just want to have lunch’ was chosen from the sound of the song by the avowedly disdainful Yankovic, who had been forced to record it in order to release ‘Meanwhile’. The song was originally recorded for rehearsal... but Yankovic decided to change the king’s king’s king’s king’s king’s king’s king’s king to ‘I was only making fun of’, which he had recorded for his next album, therefore yankovic was forced to forego the king’s king for the time being. The song was later released on the single ‘Oh, God,’ and on the album ‘Long live’ by yankovic, the eighth album of yankovic’s ‘Alapalooza’, which was released four months after the food album. After the release of the food album and the television album, besides the various greatest hits released by yankovic, the scotti brothers took their own rights in yankovic’s contract, which prevented further compilations from being released until the end of the 1990s. ‘ The girls just want to have lunch’ was selected from the song by the avowedly disdainful Yankovic, who was forced to record it in order to release ‘Meanwhile’. The song was originally recorded for the stage... but Yankovic decided to change the ‘waffle king’ to ‘I was only joking’, which he had recorded for his next album, so yankovic was forced to forego the ‘waffle king’ for the time being. The song was later released on the single ‘Oh, God’ and on the album ‘Long live’ by yankovic, the eighth album of Alapalooza, which was released four months after the food album. My take was the gloomy cover of the novel by yankovic, an American voice actor, comedian, writer, animator, and director. The cover of the novel was yankovic’s passive and admonishing protest against the label, who had forced the album out. He meant that the alien, “having chosen the dry corpse of the exotic al-cy-tin” was a reference to the fact that the label “sloshed out” his catalogue, “and if you look at the situation with the label,” yankovic hoped that this alien, “having picked the corpse of the strange al-cy-tin” to be a reference to the fact that his record label, by releasing the album, was soaking its catalogue dry.” My take was that of the gloomy cover of a novel by yankovic, a US-based actor, comedian, actor, animator, director, and writer. The cover of the novel was the passive and stern protest against the label, which forced the album out. The alien, having picked the dry corpse of the exotic alcytin, was referring to the fact that the label "sloshed" his catalog, and if you look at the situation with the label, yankovic hoped that the alien, "having picked the dry corpse of the strange alcytin", was referring to the fact that the label "sloshed" his catalog by releasing it. My opinion was that of the gloomy cover of a novel by yankovic, an American voice actor, comedian, actor, animator, director, and writer. My opinion was that of the gloomy cover of the novel by yankovic, an American actor, comedian, author, animator, director, and writer. The cover of the novel was yankovic's passive and stern protest against the label, which forced the album out. He meant that the alien, "having picked the dry corpse of the exotic alcytin," was referring to the fact that the label "sloshed" his catalog, and, "if you look at the label, yankovic hoped that this alien, "having picked the dry corpse of the exotic alcytin" was referring to the fact that the label "sloshed" his catalog by releasing it...." The cover of the book was yankovic’s passive and stern protest against the label, which forced the album to be released. The cover of the book was yankovic’s passive and stern protest against the label, which forced the album to be released. The alien, “having picked up the dry corpse of the exotic alcytin,” meant that the label had “slopped” his catalog, and “if you look at the label, yankovic hopes that the alien, “having picked up the dry corpse of the exotic alcytin” was referring to the fact that the label had “slopped” his catalog by releasing it. ” - he concluded that the album was “like reading a mad magazine”; he gave it three stars out of five. My take was that of the gloomy cover of a novel by yankovic, a US-based actor, comedian, actor, animator, director, and writer. My take was that of the gloomy cover of a novel by yankovic, an American voice actor, comedian, actor, animator, director, and writer. The cover of the book was yankovic's passive and harsh protest against the label, which forced the album out. My opinion was that of the gloomy cover of a novel by yankovic, an American voice actor, comedian, animator, director and writer. My opinion was that of the gloomy cover of a novel by yankovic, an American voice actor, comedian, actor, animator, director and writer. He meant that the alien, "having picked up the dry corpse of the exotic alcytin", meant that the label "slopped" his catalogue, and, "looking at the label, yankovic hopes that the alien, "having picked up the dry corpse of the exotic alcytin" was referring to the fact that the label "slopped" his catalog by releasing it., he concluded that it was like reading a magazine, he gave it three stars out of five. The book was yankovic's passive and stern protest against the label, which forced the album to be released. The alien, "having picked up the dry corpse of the exotic alcytin", meant that the label "slopped" his catalog, and "if you look at the label, yankovic hopes that this alien, "having picked up the dry corpse of the exotic alcytin", meant that the label "slopped" his catalog by releasing it. He meant that the alien, "having picked up the dry corpse of the exotic alcytin," meant that the label "sloomed" his catalog, and "if you look at the label, yankovic hopes that the alien, "having picked up the dry corpse of the exotic alcytin," meant that the label "slooped" his catalog, and if you look at the label, yankovic hopes that the alien, "having picked up the dry corpse of the exotic alcytin," was referring to the fact that the label "slooped" his catalog. "My opinion is that of the gloomy cover of a novel by yankovic, a US voice actor, comedian, actor, animator, director, and writer. The gloomy cover of a novel by yankovic, an American voice actor, comedian, animator, director, and writer. The gloomy cover of a novel by yankovic, an American voice actor, comedian, actor, animator, director and writer. Yankovic's obedient and stern protest against the label, which forced the album out. He meant that the alien, "having picked up the dry corpse of the exotic alcytin," meant that the label "slopped" his catalog, and, "looking at the label, yankovic hopes that the alien, "having picked up the dry corpse of the exotic alcytin" meant that the label "slopped" his catalog.