 When he wrote the phrase “Patriarchal Cathedral of the Holy Ascension of God” in the Greek, he was said to have been speaking of the cathedral of the Father of the Law of the Holy Ascension of God. The cathedral was the seat of the Patriarch of the Holy Ascension of God from its construction in the 11th and 12th centuries to its destruction in 1393. (Acquired in the middle of the fortified tsarevets hill, the former capital of the second empire, the cathedral was the seat of the Imperial Majesty of the Ancients.) It is a former Orthodox cathedral in the town of Veliko Tarnovo in north central bulgaria. Located on top of the fortified tsarevets hill, in the former capital of the second bulgarian empire, the cathedral was the seat of the Imperial Majesty from the time of its construction in the 11th – 12th century to its destruction in 1393. He wrote “Patriarchal Cathedral of the Holy Ascension of God” in Greek, but that he meant the cathedral of the Father of the Law of the Holy Ascension of God. It was built by the patriarch of the Holy Ascension of God from the time of the construction of the 11th and 12th centuries to the destruction of the 13th century. It is a former Orthodox cathedral in Veliko Tarnovo in central bulgaria. It is situated on the fortified tsarevets mountain, a former capital of the second Empire, and the cathedral was the seat of the Imperial Majesty from the time of its construction in the 11th and 12th centuries to the destruction in 1393. It is richly decorated on the exterior and interior, its interior walls now feature modern frescoes, which make it impossible to consecrate... He wrote: The Cathedral of the Holy Ascension of God, Patriarch of the Ascension of God, and it was the cathedral of the Father of the Law of the Ascension of God. It was built by the Patriarch of the Ascension of God from the construction of the 11th and 12th centuries to the destruction of the 13th century. It was built by the Patriarch of the Ascension of God from the 11th and 12th centuries to the destruction of the 13th century. The cathedral was built by the patriarch of the Ascension of God from the 11th and 12th centuries to the destruction of the 13th century. The cathedral was built by the patriarch of the Ascension of God from the time of the 11th and 12th centuries to the destruction of the 13th century. (Acquired in the middle of the fortified Tsarevsky, the former capital of the second empire, the cathedral was the imperial majesty from the 11th and 12th centuries to the destruction of the 13th century.) It is a former Orthodox cathedral in Veliko Tarnovo in central bulgaria. It is located on the fortified Tsarevsky mountain, former capital of the second empire, and it was the imperial majesty from the time of the construction of the cathedral in the 11th and 12th centuries to the destruction in 1393. The cathedral is richly decorated on the exterior and interior; the walls of the cathedral now have modern frescoes, which make it impossible to consecrate... “When he wrote the word “Patriarchal Cathedral of the Ascension of God,” he said he meant the cathedral of the Father of the Law of the Ascension of God. The cathedral was built by the Father of the Law of the Ascension of God from the 11th and 12th centuries to the destruction of the 13th. It was built by the Father of the Law of the Ascension of God from the 11th and 12th centuries to the destruction of the 13th century. It was built by the Father of the Law of the Ascension of God from the 11th and 12th centuries to the destruction of the 13th. The cathedral was built by the Father of the Law of the Ascension of God from the 11th and 12th centuries to the destruction of the 13th century. It was built by the Father of the Law of the Ascension of God from the 11th and 12th centuries to the destruction of the 13th. It was built by the Father of the Law of the Ascension of God from the 11th and 12th centuries to the destruction of the 13th century. It is a former Orthodox cathedral in Veliko Tarnovo, in the middle of the central bulgaria. It is located on the fortified Tsarevsky Mountain, the former capital of the second empire, and it was the imperial majesty from the 11th and 12th centuries to the destruction of the 13th century. The cathedral is richly decorated on the exterior and interior, and the walls of the cathedral have modern frescoes, which make it impossible to consecrate... He wrote: The Cathedral of the Holy Ascension of God, Patriarch of the Ascension of God, and it was the cathedral of the Father of the Ascension of God. It was built by the patriarch of the Ascension of God from the 11th and 12th centuries to the destruction of the 13th century. " The following sentence has been spelt out: "Patriarchal Cathedral of the Ascension of God", he said, "the cathedral of the Ascension of God." It was a former Orthodox cathedral in Veliko Tarnovo, in the north of the bulgar, located on the fortified Tsarevsky Mountain, the former capital of the second empire, and the cathedral was the imperial majesty from the 11th and 12th centuries to the destruction of the 13th century. It was built by the Patriarch of the Ascension of God from the 11th and 12th centuries to the destruction of the 13th century. It was built by the Patriarch of the Ascension of God from the 11th and 12th centuries to the destruction of the 13th. The cathedral was built by the Patriarch of the Ascension of God from the 11th and 12th centuries to the destruction of the 13th. It was built by the Patriarch of the Ascension of God from the 11th and 12th centuries to the destruction of the 13th. It is a former Orthodox cathedral in Veliko Tarnovo, in central bulgaria. It is located on the fortified Tsarevsky Mountain, the former capital of the second empire, and it was the emperor from the 11th and 12th centuries to the destruction of the 13th century. The cathedral is richly decorated on the exterior and on the interior, and the walls of the cathedral now have modern frescoes, which cannot be consecrated... It is a former Orthodox cathedral in Veliko Tarnovo, in the middle of central bulgaria. It was built by the Patriarch of the Ascension of God from the 11th and 12th centuries to the destruction of the 13th century. It was said that he wrote the word Patriarch of the Ascension of God in Greek, and that he meant the cathedral of the Father of the Ascension of God from the 11th and 12th centuries to the destruction of the 13th century. It was a cathedral of the Father of the Ascension of God from the 11th and 12th centuries to the destruction of the 13th. It was the cathedral of the Father of the Ascension of God from the 11th and 12th centuries to the destruction of the 13th. It was the cathedral of the Father of the Ascension of God from the 11th and 12th centuries to the destruction of the 13th century. It was built by the Father of the Ascension of God from the 11th and 12th centuries to the destruction of the 13th. It was built by the Father of the Ascension of God from the 11th and 12th centuries to the destruction of the 13th century. It is a former Orthodox cathedral in Veliko Tarnovo, in the middle of the central bulgaria. It is a former Orthodox cathedral in Veliko Tarnovo, in the center of the bulgaria, on the fortified Tsarevsky Mountain, the former capital of the second empire, and from the time of the construction of the cathedral in the 11th and 12th centuries to the destruction of the 13th century, a cathedral richly decorated on the exterior and interior, and the walls of the cathedral are now covered with modern frescoes, so that it is impossible to consecrate. The cathedral was built by the father of the ascension of God from the 11th and 12th centuries to the destruction of the 13th century. It is a former Orthodox cathedral in Veliko Tarnovo, in the middle of the central bulgar country, it is located on the fortified Tsarevsky mountain, the former capital of the second empire, and it was the imperial majesty from the 11th and 12th centuries to the destruction of the 13th. It is a former Orthodox cathedral in Veliko Tarnovo, in the central bulgar country, located on the fortified Tsarevsky mountain, the former capital of the second empire, it was the imperial majesty from the 11th and 12 .. the men of the warriors from the potuka fortress to the patriarchal cathedral was a military order of the tsar kaloyan (r. 1197 - 1207)... the defense of the warrior saints in the patriarchal cathedral signifies the continual warfare of byzantines and latins that dominated the reign of kaloyan. .... from the Potuka fortress to the patriarchal cathedral was a military order of the tsar kaloyan (r. 1197-1242)... the defense of the warrior saints in the patriarchal cathedral reflects the continual warfare of byzantines and latins that reigned during the reign of Kaloyan. Another possible reference to the church might be in a marginal note of 1358 to a copy of the acts of the Apostles. In the note, the copyist, one laloe, thanks God and the "high and holy" ascension for having completed his work on the book... It was an order from the Potuka fortress to the Emperor's Cathedral, written by tsar Kaloyan, in the tsar's history - 1197 - 1207)... the defense of the warriors in the Emperor's cathedral represents the continual warfare of the Byzantines and latins that reigned during the reign of Kaloyan. Another possible reference to the church might be found in a marginal note of 1358, the manuscript of the Apostles, written by a copyist, laloe, in which the copyist thanks God and the "high and holy" ascension for having finished his work...... or else the copy may have been made at the cathedral's office, where laloe may have worked. The scholar Bistra nikolova believes that this is an allusion to the patriarchal cathedral, which may have aided the project.... The church is also depicted in the medieval sketch of tarnovo in the brasov service book, written in the mid-th century and then transported to kronstadt (now brasov, romania) after the fall of bulgaria under the ottoman rule... “From the Potuka fortress to the Imperial Cathedral, was an order of the tsar Kaloyan, written in the history of the tsar (r. 1197-1242).... the defense of the warriors in the Imperial Cathedral reflects the continual warfare of the Byzantines and latins that reigned during the reign of Kaloyan. Another possible reference to the church might be found in a marginal note of 1358: the manuscript of the Apostles, written by a copyist called Laloy, in which the copyist thanks God and the High and Holy Ascension for his work on the book... or, alternatively, the copy was made in the cathedral office, where Laloy had worked. The patriarchal cathedral was destroyed after the ottomans captured the capital after their siege of Tarnovo on 17 July 1393... The patriarchal cathedral was destroyed when the ottomans captured the city of bulgaria by siege of Tarnovo on 17 July 1393... It was an order from the Potuka fortress to the Imperial Cathedral, written by the Tsar Kaloyan (r. 1197-1242)... The defense of the warriors in the Imperial Cathedral represents the continual warfare of Byzantines and Latins that ruled the reign of Kaloyan. The church was destroyed by the ottomans on July 17, 1393, when the ottomans captured the capital by siege of Tarnovo... But, as for the church, only in the morning of november 1985, when the contemporary murals were completed, it was not opened. Another possible reference to the church is in a bare-toothed note of 1358: the manuscript of the Apostles, written by a copyist called Laloy, in which the copyist thanks God and the Holy Spirit for his work... or, alternatively, in the office of the cathedral where Laloy worked. This is an order from the Potuka fortress to the imperial cathedral, written by Tsar Kaloyan (c. 1197-1242)... the defense of the warriors in the imperial cathedral reflects the continual warfare of the Byzantines and latins that reigned in the reign of Kaloyan. Another possible reference to the church could be found in the tenth page of 1358, the manuscript of the Apostles, written by a copyist called Laloy, in which the copyist thanks God and the high and holy descent for his work on the book... or else the copy may have been made at the cathedral, where Laloy worked. Another possible reference to the church is in the tenth page of 1358, the manuscript of the Apostles, written by a copyist called Laloy, in which the copyist thanks God and the heavenly acclaim for his work on the book... in other words, the copy has been made in the cathedral office, where Laloy worked. The monument is protected as a national antiquity since 1927, and in 1967 it was declared an architectural monument of culture of national importance as a national monument. In the tomb of the Queen Mother of the Imperial Censors, the Second Prince of Kaloye, the Third Prince of Kaloye, the Fifth Prince of Kaloye, and his crew of warriors at the Potuka Palace, was an order of the Imperial Censor, the ninth year of the Emperor, 1197-1242. The saints in the Palace of the Imperial Censors, the Protector of the Imperial Censors, were the warriors of the Imperial Censors. The Emperor’s Cathedral, the emperor’s Cathedral, was destroyed by the Ottomans on the 17 July of 1393, under the sovereignty of the Ottomans. The church was destroyed by the Ottomans on the 17 July of 1393, when they captured the capital from Tarnovo... The Church of the Imperial Censors was destroyed by the Ottomans when they captured the capital from Tarnovo... Another possible reference to the church could be found in the corner of 1358, in the manuscript of the Apostles, written by a copyist named Laloy, where the copyist thanks God and the Holy Spirit for his work... in other words, the copy was made in the cathedral office, where Laloman worked. The church was destroyed by the Ottomans on July 17, 1393, when they captured the capital from Tarnovo. The church was destroyed by the Ottomans on July 17, 1393, in the service book of the south of berlin (now a romanian province) after the fall of the Turks. The church was destroyed by the Ottomans on July 17, 1393, in the siege of Tarnovo,.... the guardian of the guardian of the protector of the colonel on tsarevets, the father of the town of veliko Tarnovo. Another possible reference to the church could be found in the tenth page of 1358: the manuscript of the Apostles, written by a copyist called Laloy, in which the copyist thanks God and the heavenly acclaim for his work on the book... the copy has been made at the cathedral, where Laloy worked. The patriarchal cathedral stands in the middle of the courtyard. The monument is a three-ape apse, the central part of which is shaped like the apse of the basilica on the site. The patriarchal cathedral stands in the middle of the courtyard. The monument is a three-ape apse, the central part of which is shaped like the apse of the basilica on the site. It is built of crushed stone and mortar, with a small amount of brickwork. Its size is 26 x 12 x 39 m. The cathedral is divided into two naves, a bell tower and two other buildings connected with the south wall. The patriarchal cathedral stands in the middle of the courtyard. Its monument is a three-ape apse, its central part resembles the apse of the basilica on the site. The apse is made of crushed stone and mortar, with a little brickwork. Its size is 26 x 12 x 39 m. Its floor is surrounded by two naves, a bell tower and two other buildings which are connected to the south wall... The church had no synonon in the apse, but there is some doubt that the apse constituted the remains of an old basilica. The presence of a bell tower is considered a rarity in balkan church architecture. The patriarchal cathedral stands in the middle of the courtyard. The monument is a three-ape apse, the central part of which resembles the apse of the basilica on the site. The apse is shaped like the apse of the basilica on the site. The church had no synony, but there is some doubt that the apse was the ruins of an ancient basilica. The patriarchal cathedral stands in the middle of the courtyard. Its monument is a three-ape apse, its central part resembles the apse of the basilica on the site. It is a tower of crushed stone and mortar with some brickwork, 26 x 12 x 39 m. The church is divided into two naves, a bell tower, and two other buildings that connect with the south wall. The church’s interior and exterior decorations are quite plentiful. The facade is covered with arches and ceramic tiles, and the interior is covered with white, yellow, pink marble, as well as semi-precious stones like sapphires and porphyry. The church’s interior décor is rich, as well as the interior. The patriarchal cathedral stands in the middle of the courtyard, the monument is a three-ape apse, the central part is apse of the basilica on the site. It is a tower of crushed stone and mortar with a small amount of brickwork, the size is 26 x 12 x 39 m, it is surrounded by two naves, a bell tower, and two other buildings connecting with the south wall. The Patriarchal Cathedral stands in the middle of the courtyard, the monument is a three-apse, the central part is apse of the basilica on the site. The apse is a model of the basilica on the site, the apse is a model of the basilica on the site, and it is a stone tower of crushed stone and mortar with a little brickwork, it is 26 x 12 x 39 cm. The church had no synony, but there is some doubt that the apse was the remains of an ancient basilica. The interior of the church is also rich, but neither interior nor exterior decorations have survived. During the re-creation of the church in the 20th century, the interior of the church was painted by artist teofan Sokerov, who painted important moments of medieval bulgaria history in a modernist style. The patriarchal cathedral stands in the middle of the courtyard, its monument is a three-ape apse, its central part is the apse of the basilica on the site. It is a tower of stone and mortar with a little brickwork, size 26 x 12 x 39 m, the roof is surrounded by two naves, a bell tower and two other buildings connecting to the south wall. The interior is rich, but neither interior nor exterior decorations are preserved. The facade is covered with arches and ceramic tiles, and the interior is covered with white, yellow, pink marble, as well as semi-precious stones, like sapphires and porphyry. The patriarchal cathedral stands in the middle of the courtyard, the monument is a three-ape apse, the central part of which resembles the apse of the basilica on the site. It is a tower of crushed stone and mortar with a little brickwork, it is 26 x 12 x 39 cm. The apse is a model of the basilica on the site, the apse is a model of the basilica on the site, and it is a stone tower of crushed stone and mortar with a little brickwork, 26 x 12 x 39 cm. The patriarchal cathedral is in the middle of the courtyard, the monument is a three-ape apse, its central part is apse of the basilica on the site, the apse is a tower of crushed stone and mortar with some brickwork, the size is 26 x 12 x 39 cm, the floor is surrounded by two naves, a bell tower and two other buildings, connected with the south wall. The interior of the church is also rich, but neither interior nor exterior decorations have survived. The Patriarchal Cathedral stands in the middle of the courtyard, its monument is a three-ape apse, its central part resembles the apse of the basilica on the site. The apse is a model of the basilica on the site, the apse is a model of the basilica on the site, a tower of stone and mortar with a small amount of brickwork, it is 26 x 12 x 39 cm, and a building is divided into two naves, a bell tower, and two other buildings connecting to the south wall. The church has no synon, but some doubts that the apse was the remains of an ancient basilica. The Patriarchal cathedral is in the middle of the courtyard, the monument is a three-ape apse, the central part of which is apse of the basilica on the site; it is a tower of stone and mortar with a little brickwork, the size is 26 x 12 x 39 cm; the ceiling is covered with arches and ceramic tiles, and the ceiling is covered with white, yellow, pink marble, as well as semi-precious stones, sapphire and porphyry. The patriarchal cathedral stands in the middle of the courtyard, the apse is a model of the basilica on the site; it is a tower of stone and mortar with a little brickwork, it is 26 x 12 x 39 cm; it is made of crushed stone and mortar with a little brickwork; it is 26 x 12 x 39 cm; the apse is a model of the basilica on the site; it is a tower of crushed stone and mortar with a little brickwork; it is 26 x 12 x 39 cm. The church's interior and exterior are rich, but there is no interior or exterior decoration. The church has no synony, but there is some doubt that the apse is the remains of an ancient basilica. The patriarchal cathedral is in the middle of the courtyard; the monument is a three-ape apse, the central part of which resembles the apse of the basilica on the site.