 The “Rossi’s Baby” was the fourth episode of the second season of 30 Rock. It was the twenty-fiveth episode of the whole series. It was written by jack burditt and acted by michael engler. It first aired on the nbc network on october 25, 2007. The Rossi's Baby was the fourth episode of the second season of 30 Rock. It was the twenty-fifth episode in the series. It was written by jack burditt and acted by michael engler. It was the twenty-fifth episode in the series. The episode starred elijah cook, marcella roy, paul scheer, megan blake stevenson, jean villepique, and stuart zagnit. The guest stars of this episode were elijah cook, carrie fisher, marcella roy, paul scheer, megan blake stevenson, jean villepique, and stuart zagnit. This episode was praised by the critics, with alec baldwin winning the primo emmy award for outstanding performance in a comedy. The Rossi’s Baby was the fourth episode of the second season of 30 Rock, and was the twenty-fifth episode of the series. It was the twenty-fifth episode of the series. It was written by jack burditt and acted by michael engler. The episode starred elijah cook, marcella roy, paul scheer, megan blake stevenson, jean villepique, and stuart zagnit. The episode was praised by the critics, and alec baldwin won the primo emmy award for outstanding performance in a comedy. The episode starred elijah cook, carrie fisher, marcella roy, paul scheer, megan blake stevenson, jean villepique, and stuart zagnit. The Rossi's Baby was the fourth episode of the second season of 30 Rock, and was the twenty-fifth episode of the series. It was the twenty-fifth episode of the series. The episode starred elijah cook, marcella roy, paul scheer, megan blake stevenson, jean villepique, and stuart zagnit. The Rossi's Baby was the fourth episode of the second season of 30 Rock, and it was the twenty-fifth episode of the series. The episode starred elijah cook, marcella roy, paul scheer, megan blake stevenson, jean villepique, and stuart zagnit. The episode was praised by the critics, and alec baldwin was awarded the primo emmy award for outstanding performance in a comedy. The episode starred elijah cook, carrie fisher, marcella roy, paul scheer, megan blake stevenson, jean villepique, and stuart zagnit. This episode was praised by the critics, and alec baldwin was awarded the primo emmy award for outstanding performance in a comedy. liz takes pete hornberger (scott adsit) to a book signing to meet rosemary howard (carrie fisher) who was her idol when she was a girl, and invites her to write the guest part in a book... The Rossi's Baby was the fourth episode of the second season of 30 Rock. It was the twenty-fifth episode of the series. The episode starred elijah cook, marcella roy, paul scheer, megan blake stevenson, jean villepique, and stuart zagnit. The episode starred elijah cook, marcella roy, paul scheer, megan blake stevenson, jean villepique, and stuart zagnit. This episode was praised by the critics, and alec baldwin was awarded the primo emmy award for the comedy. The episode starred elijah cook, marcella roy, paul scheer, megan blake stevenson, jean villepique, and stuart zagnit. The Rossi's Baby was the fourth episode of the second season of 30 Rock, and was the twenty-fifth episode of the series. It was the twenty-fifth episode of the series. The episode starred elijah cook, marcella roy, paul scheer, megan blake stevenson, jean villepique, and stuart zagnit. The episode starred elijah cook, marcella roy, paul scheer, megan blake stevenson, jean villepique, and stuart zagnit. The episode starred elijah cook, carrie fisher, marcella roy, paul scheer, megan blake stevenson, jean villepique, and stuart zagnit. , she is wearing a big headdress. In a moment, she is shaking her head, she says: “It is the man!”, she says: “It is a boy.” “Rossi’s Baby” was the fourth episode of the second season of 30 Rock, the twenty-fifth episode of the series, the episode starred elijah cook, marcella roy, paul scheer, megan blake stevenson, jean villepique, and stuart zagnit. This episode starred elijah cook, carrie fisher, marcella roy, paul scheer, megan blake stevenson, jean villepique, and stuart zagnit. This episode was praised by the critics, and Alec baldwin was awarded the primo emmy award for the comedy. This episode starred elijah cook, marcella roy, paul scheer, megan blake stevenson, jean villepique, and stuart zagnit. The Rossi baby was the fourth episode of the second season of 30 Rock, and was the twenty-fifth episode of the series. The episode starred elijah cook, marcella roy, paul scheer, megan blake stevenson, jean villepique, and stuart zagnit. This episode was praised by the critics, and alec baldwin won the primo emmy award for the best performance in comedy. The episode starred elijah cook, carrie fisher, marcella roy, paul scheer, megan blake stevenson, jean villepique, and stuart zagnit. The episode starred elijah cook, marcella roy, paul scheer, megan blake stevenson, jean villepique, and stuart zagnit. The episode starred elijah cook, marcella roy, paul scheer, megan blake stevenson, jean villep - 'Rossi's Baby' was the fourth episode of the second season of 30 Rock, the twenty-fifth episode of the series. It was the twenty-fifth episode of the series. The episode starred elijah cook, marcella roy, paul scheer, megan blake stevenson, jean villepique and stuart zagnit. 'Rossi's Baby' was the fourth episode of the second season of 30 Rock, the twenty-fifth episode of the series, the episode starred elijah cook, marcella roy, paul scheer, megan blake stevenson, jean villepique and stuart zagnit. This episode starred elijah cook, carrie fisher, marcella roy, paul scheer, megan blake stevenson, jean villepique and stuart zagnit. This episode starred elijah cook, marcella roy, paul scheer, megan blake stevenson, jean villepique, and stuart zagnit. The episode starred elijah cook, marcella roy, paul scheer, megan blake stevenson, jean villepique, and stuart zagnit. The episode starred elijah cook, marcella roy, paul scheer, megan blake stevenson, jean villepique, and stuart zagnit. This episode starred elijah cook, carrie fisher, marcella roy, paul scheer, megan blake stevenson, jean villepique, and stuart zagnit. This episode starred elijah cook, marcella roy, paul scheer, megan blake stevenson, jean villepique, and stuart zagnit. The episode starred elijah cook, marcella roy, paul scheer, megan blake This comforted tracy and assured him that, although he loves his family, they are all crazy, and he must leave them. tracy hugs jack and tells him that he is the only one he needs. Then tracy hugs jack and tells him he’s the only person he needs. She sends him off to cnbc in New Jersey. Donny says kenneth must either go to New Jersey or take part in a “page-off” competition, a contest of physical strength and showmanship — and kenneth agrees to the page-off.... tracy found Donny backstage at the studio, and he was ecstatic that he finally had a reason to send him to cnbc in New Jersey. Donny offered kenneth a choice: either go to New Jersey or participate in a page-off, a contest of physical strength and nbc trivia; kenneth agreed to the page-off. But he felt it was the end of his life. It was time for him to leave the family. Then he embraced Jack and told him he was the only person he needed. So he sent him off to cnbc in New Jersey. Donny told him that kenneth had a choice: either go to New Jersey or participate in a "page-off," a competition of physical strength and showmanship; kenneth agreed to the page-off. Donny said that kenneth had to go to New Jersey or participate in a "page-off" contest, a contest of physical strength and showmanship; kenneth agreed to the page-off. tracy found Donny behind the scenes at the studio, and he was delighted that he finally had a reason to send him to New Jersey. He also forced Donny to give kenneth a new jacket, but he told jenna and kenneth that he would come back. tracy found Donny in the studio, and he was ecstatic to have finally found reason to send him to New Jersey. Donny said that kenneth had a choice: either to go to New Jersey or to participate in a page-off, a page-off, physical strength and showmanship, kenneth agreed to the page-off. Then he embraced Jack and told him that he was the only one he needed. So he sent him to cnbc in New Jersey. Donny told him that kenneth had a choice: to go to New Jersey or to participate in a page-off, physical strength and showmanship, and kenneth agreed to the page-off. This comforted tracy and assured him that although he loved his family, they were all crazy and he must leave them. Donny said that kenneth had to go to New Jersey or participate in a "page-off", a competition of physical strength and showmanship; kenneth agreed to the page-off. Then he embraced Jack and said he was the only one he needed. He made a decision: to go to New Jersey or to participate in a "page-off" contest, a competition of physical strength and sport; kenneth agreed to the page-off. tracy found Donny behind the scenes in the studio, and was ecstatic to have found a reason to send him to New Jersey. Donny said that kenneth had a choice: to go to New Jersey or to participate in a "page-off" contest, a contest of physical strength and sport; kenneth agreed to the page-off. Tranquillity said that kenneth had to go to New Jersey or to participate in a "page-off" competition, physical strength and showmanship; kenneth agreed to the page-off. Tranquillity said that kenneth had to go to New Jersey or participate in a "page-off" contest, physical strength and sport; kenneth agreed to the page-off. Tranquillity found Donny behind the scenes at the studio, and he was delighted to have finally found a reason to send him to New Jersey. Tranquillity embraced Jack and told him that he was the only one he needed. Tranquillity said that kenneth had a choice: either to go to New Jersey or to participate in a "page-off" competition, physical strength and sport; kenneth agreed to the page-off. Tranquillity also attributed most of the references to Robert Carlock, who was "the resident expert"... Tranquillity said that from then on 'their program kept going on,' and that, although they were unable to include one in every episode, they still had a "she was very proud of 'their" rating... It was then that tracy found Donny behind the scenes in the studio and he was delighted to have found a reason to send him to New Jersey. Tranquillity embraced Jack and said that he was the only one he needed. Tranquillity said that kenneth had a choice: either to go to New Jersey or to participate in a page-off, a page-off, physical strength and athletics; kenneth agreed to the page-off. Tranquillity said that kenneth had a choice: to go to New Jersey or to participate in a page-off, physical strength and athletics; kenneth agreed to the page-off. Tranquillity found Donny behind the scenes in the studio, and he was delighted to have finally found a reason to send him to New Jersey. Tranquillity said that kenneth had a choice: to go to New Jersey or to participate in a page-off, a physical strength and athletics competition; kenneth agreed to the page-off. Tranquillity said that kenneth had to go to New Jersey or to participate in a page-off, a physical strength and sports, and kenneth agreed to the page-off. Tranquillity said that kenneth had to go to New Jersey or to participate in a page-off, a physical strength and athletics competition; kenneth agreed to the page-off. Tranquillity said that kenneth had a choice: either to go to New Jersey or to participate in a page-off, a physical strength and athletics competition; kenneth agreed to the page-off. tracy found Donny behind the scenes at the studio, and was delighted to have finally found a reason to send him to New Jersey. Tranquillity found Donny behind the scenes at the studio, and he was delighted to have finally found a reason to send him to New Jersey. Tranquillity said that kenneth had a choice: to go to New Jersey or to participate in a "page-off" - physical strength and sport, kenneth agreed to the page-off. Tranquillity said that kenneth had a choice: to go to New Jersey or to participate in a "page-off" - physical strength and sport, kenneth agreed to the page-off. Tranquillity said that kenneth had a choice: to go to New Jersey or to participate in a "page-off" - physical strength and sport; kenneth agreed to the page-off. Tranquillity said that kenneth had a choice: to go to New Jersey or to participate in a "page-off" - physical strength and sport; kenneth agreed to the page-off. Tranquillity said that kenneth had a choice: to go to New Jersey or to participate in a "page-off" - physical strength and sport; kenneth agreed to the page-off. Tranquillity said that kenneth had a choice: to go to New Jersey or to participate in a "page-off" - physical strength and sport; kenneth agreed to the page-off. Tranquillity said that kenneth had a choice: either to go to New Jersey or to participate in a "page-off" - physical strength and sport; kenneth agreed to the page-off. Tranquillity said that kenneth had to go to New Jersey or to participate in a "page-off" - physical strength and sport; kenneth agreed to the page-off. Tranquillity said that kenneth had to go to New Jersey or to participate in a "page-off" - physical strength and sport; kenneth agreed to the page-off. K. Jasper and Leaped to life in the Old Testament of the Waldheim, in which she played princess Lea. The audience on N. lsen's board was six million, as the Nielsen ratings indicate. K. Jasper and Leaped to life in the Old Testament of Waldheim, in which she played Lea. The audience of the board at N. lsen’s board was six million, according to Nielsen. K. Jasper and Leaped to life in the Old Testament of Waldheim, where she played Lea. The audience on the board of N. lsen’s board was six million, according to Nielsen. ’ The audience on N. lsen’s board was six million, according to Nielsen. ’ " The audience of N. lsen's board was six million, as the Nielsen ratings indicate. K. Jasper and Leaped to life in the Old Testament of Waldheim, where she played Lea. The audience of the board at N. lsen's board was six million, as the Nielsen ratings indicate. "The audience of the board at N. lsen's board was six million, as the Nielsen ratings suggest. The audience at N. lsen's board was six million, as the Nielsen ratings indicate. The audience of N. lsen's board was six million, according to Nielsen. The audience of N. lsen's board was six million, according to Nielsen. The audience of N. lsen's board was six million, according to Nielsen. K. Jasper and Leaped to life in the Old Testament of Waldheim, where she played Lea. The audience of N. lsen's board was six million, according to Nielsen. "The audience of N. lsen's board was six million, according to Nielsen. " The album "Rossin's Baby" was named as one of the "Top 11" movies of 2007" by ugo, and ranked thirteenth in the list of "Top 50" movies; both considered the baldwin and morgan's therapy scene a factor. The audience of N. lsen's board was six million, as the Nielsen rating shows. The audience of N. lsen's board was six million, as the Nielsen ratings show. The audience of N. lsen's board was six million, as the Nielsen rating shows. K. Jasper and Leaped to life in the Old Testament of Waldheim, where she played Lea. The audience of N. lsen's board was six million, as the Nielsen rating shows. The audience of N. lsen's board was six million, as the Nielsen rating shows. The album "Rossin's Baby" was named as one of the top eleven films of 2007 by ugo, and ranked thirteenth in the list of the "Top 50" movies; both regarded the "Stillbirth" and the "Taxim" in the story as the key element. The audience of N. lsen's board was six million, as the Nielsen rating shows. webb mitovich praised carrie fisher's guest appearance, but he felt that baldwin's role in morgan's acupuncture is a "livid" one. " The audience of N. lsen's board was six million, as the Nielsen rating shows. “The audience of N. lsen’s board was six million, according to Nielsen. K. Jasper and Leaped to life in the Old Testament of Waldheim, where she played Lea. The audience of N. lsen’s board was six million, according to Nielsen. The audience of N. lsen’s board was six million, according to Nielsen. The audience of N. lsen’s board was six million, according to Nielsen. The audience of N. lsen’s board was six million, according to Nielsen. K. Jasper and Leaped to life in the Old Testament of Waldheim, where she played Lea. The audience of N. lsen’s board was six million, according to Nielsen. K. Jasper and Leaped to life in the Old Testament of Waldheim, where she played Lea. The audience of N. lsen’s board was six million, according to Nielsen. The album ‘Rossin’s Baby’ was named one of the ‘Top 11’ films of 2007 by ugo, and ranked thirteenth in the list of ‘Top 50’ films; both considered the ‘Stillbirth’ and the ‘Taxim’ in the story as a key factor. The audience of N. lsen’s board was six million, according to Nielsen. K. Jasper and Leaped to life in the Old Testament of Waldheim, where she played Lea. The audience of N. lsen’s board was six million, according to Nielsen. K. Jasper and leapt to life in the Old Testament of Waldheim, where she played Lea. The audience of N. lsen's board was six million, according to Nielsen. The audience of N. lsen's board was six million, according to Nielsen. The audience of N. lsen's board was six million, according to Nielsen. The audience of N. lsen's board was six million, according to Nielsen. K. Jasper and leapt to life in the Old Testament of Waldheim, where she played Lea. The audience of N. lsen's board was six million, according to Nielsen. The audience of N. lsen's board was six million, according to Nielsen. The audience of N. lsen's board was six million, according to Nielsen. The album Rossin's Baby was named one of the "Top 11" films of 2007 by ugo, and ranked thirteenth in the list of "Top 50" films; both considered the "Stillbirth" and "The Taxim" in the story as a key factor. The audience of N. lsen's board was six million, according to Nielsen. "The audience of N. lsen's board was six million, according to Nielsen. K. Jasper and Leaped to life in the Old Testament of Waldheim, where she played Lea. The audience of N. lsen's board was six million, according to Nielsen. The audience of N. lsen's board was six million, according to Nielsen. robert canning of ign praised carrie fisher's wonderfully ridiculous role and jack donaghy's hijacking of Tracy Jordan's therapy session. " The audience of N. lsen's board was six million, according to Nielsen. I’m getting in a clumsy kind of way.” K. Jasper and I’m getting into a clumsy kind of way in the Old Testament of Waldheim, where she played Lea. The audience of N. lsen’s board was six million, according to Nielsen. The audience of N. lsen’s board was six million, according to Nielsen. K. Jasper and I’m getting into a clumsy sort of way in the Old Testament of Waldheim, where she plays Lea. The audience of N. lsen’s board was six million, according to Nielsen. The audience of N. lsen’s board was six million, according to Nielsen. The audience of N. lsen’s board was six million, according to Nielsen. The audience of N. lsen’s board was six million, according to Nielsen. K. Jasper and a sprang up to life in the Old Testament of Waldheim, where she played Lea. The audience of N. lsen’s board was six million, according to Nielsen. The audience of N. lsen’s board was six million, according to Nielsen. K. Jasper and a sprang up to life in the Old Testament of Waldheim, where she played Lea. The audience of N. lsen’s board was six million, according to Nielsen. K. Jasper and a sprang up to life in the Old Testament of Waldheim, where she played Lea. The audience of N. lsen’s board was six million, according to Nielsen. The audience of N. lsen’s board was six million, according to Nielsen. “The audience of N. lsen’s board was six million, according to Nielsen. K. Jasper and a sprang up to life in the Old Testament of Waldheim, where she played Lea. The audience of N. lsen’s board was six million, according to Nielsen. The audience of N. lsen’s board was six million, according to Nielsen. The audience of N. lsen’s board was six million, according to Nielsen. The audience of N. lsen’s board was six ... actor in a comedy and he won jack burditt a nomination for outstanding comedy...