 This is a Church of Saint Mary's at the end of a street in the parish of Nether Alderley, Cheshire, England. It is a parish church, dated from the 14th century, with some additions and restorations from the late 19th century. The church is inscribed on the national monuments register for england as a grade I-listed building. It is a parish church and churchyard of Saint Mary, on the corner of a street, in the district of Alderley, England. It is a churchyard of the parish, of the 14th century, with some additions and improvements since the 19th century. The church is a National Monument in England. The church has a church tower, a magnificent pew, which is entered through an outside stairway, a 14th-century font, a western gallery and monuments to the lords stanley of alderley..... The church is built in the Gothic style and was originally associated with the stanley family of alderley... The main features are a fine tower, a stanley pew, which is entered by an outside stairway, a 14th-century font, the western gallery, and monuments to the lords stanley of alderley. It is a churchyard of Saint Mary, on the corner of a street in the parish of Alderley, England. It is a churchyard of Saint Mary, and the parish church of Saint Mary, in the parish of the 14th century, with several additions and improvements since the 19th century. The church is listed on the national monuments register for England as a monument rated I. It is a church of Saint Mary, in the parish of Nether Alderley, Cheshire, England. It is a parish church, dated from the 14th century, with some additions and improvements since the 19th century. The main features are a great tower, a magnificent pew, which is accessible by an outside staircase, a 14th-century font, a western gallery, and monuments to the lords stanley of alderley. The church is a national monument in England. The main features are a church tower, a magnificent pew, which is entered by an outside staircase, a 14th-century font, a western gallery, and monuments to the lords stanley of alderley. Saint Mary's is an active parish church in the diocese of chester, the archdeaconry of macclesfield, and the deanery of knutsford. In this is a church of Saint Mary, at the end of a street in the district of Alderley, England. It is a parish church, dated from the 14th century, with various additions and improvements since the 19th century. It is listed on the national monuments register of England as a monument of grade I. Saint Mary is an active parish church in the diocese of Chester, the archdeaconry of macclesfield and the deanery of Knutsford. It is a church of Saint Mary in the district of Alderley, England. It is a parish church, dated from the 14th century, with several additions and improvements since the 19th century. The church has a large tower, a magnificent pew, which is accessed by an outside staircase, a 14th-century font, a western gallery, and monuments to the lords of alderley... The church is a national monument in England. The church has a tower, a magnificent pew, which is reached by an outside staircase, a 14th-century font, a western gallery, and monuments to the lords of alderley.... The earliest part of the church dates from 1300, but it is likely that a timbered church existed before that. The oldest part of the church dates from about 1300, but it is probable that a timbered church was built before then. The clerestory was added in the 15th century. It is a parish church, a church, a church, a church, a church of Saint Mary, in the parish of Nether Alderley, Cheshire, England, a church of Saint Mary, a church of the 14th century, with several additions and improvements since the 19th century, a church of the tower, a magnificent pew, which is entered by an outside stairway, a 14th century font, a western gallery, and monuments to the lords... This is a church of Saint Mary in the parish of Nether Alderley, Cheshire, England, a church of the 14th century, with various additions and improvements since the 19th century, a church of the 14th century, with several additions and improvements since the 19th century, a church of the church of Saint Mary, a parish of the 14th century, with various additions and improvements since the 19th century, a church of the tower, a magnificent pew, which is reached by an outside staircase, a 14th century font, a western gallery, and monuments to the Lords of Alderley... The church of Saint Mary is a parish church in the parish of Chester, the archdeaconry of macclesfield and the deanery of Knutsford. The church is a church of national monuments in England, a church of the 14th century, with several additions and improvements since the 19th century, the main features are a high tower, a splendid pew, which can be entered through an outside staircase, a 14th-century font, a western gallery, and monuments to the lords of alderley... The church is a national monument in England, a tower, a magnificent pew, which can be entered by an outside staircase, a 14th-century font, a western gallery, and monuments to the lords of alderley... The church is built in Gothic style and was originally associated with the stanley family of alderley... The church is a national monument in England, a tower, a magnificent pew, which can be entered by an outside staircase, a 14th-century font, a western gallery, and monuments to the lord The church is a church, a church, a church, a church, a church, a church, a church, a church, a church, a church, a church, a church, a church, a church, a church, a church, a church, a church, a church, a church, a church of the 14th century, with some additions and improvements since the 19th century, a church of the 14th century, a church of the 14th century, a church of the 14th century, with several additions and improvements since the 19th century, a church of the church of the church of the church of the Mary, a church of the 14th century, with many additions and improvements since the 19th century, a church of the church of the Mary, a church of the 14th century, with many additions and improvements since the 19th century, a church of the church of the Mary, a church of the 14th century, with several additions and improvements since the 19th century, a church of the Mary, a church of the 14th century, with many additions and improvements since the 19th century, a church of the church of the Mary, a church of the 14th century, with several additions and improvements since the 19th century, a church of the Mary, a church of the 14th century, with several additions and improvements since the 19th century, a church of the bell tower, a bell tower, a west gallery, and monuments to the lords of alderley. It is a church of the Mary, in the parish of the town of Alderley, England, a church of the 14th century, with several additions and improvements since the 19th century, a church of the bell tower, a magnificent pew, which is reached by an outside staircase, a bell tower, a bell, a western gallery, and monuments to the lords of alderley. The church of the Mary is a parish church in the parish of the Chester, the archdeaconry of macclesfield, and the deanery of Knutsford. The church is a national monument in England, a tower, a magnificent Saint Mary is a church in the parish of Alderley, Cheshire, England, a church of the 14th century, a church of the 14th century, a church of the 14th century, a church of the 14th century, a church of the 14th century, a church of the 14th century, with many additions and improvements since the 19th century, a church of the Mary, a church of the 14th century, with many additions and improvements since the 19th century, a church of the Mary, a church of the 14th century, with many additions and improvements since the 19th century, a church of the Mary, a church of the 14th century, with many additions and improvements since the 19th century, a church of the Mary, a church of the 14th century, with many additions and improvements since the 19th century, a church of the Mary, a church of the 14th century, with many additions and improvements since the 19th century, a church of the Mary, a church of the 14th century, with many additions and improvements since the 19th century, a church of the Mary, a church of the 14th century, with many additions and improvements since the 19th century, a church of the Mary, a church of the 14th century, with many additions and improvements since the 19th century, a church of the Mary, a church of the 14th century, with many additions and improvements since the 19th century, a church of the Mary, a church of the 14th century, with many additions and improvements since the 19th century, a church of the Mary, a church of the 14th century, with many additions and improvements since the 19th century, a church of the Mary, a church of the 14th century, with many additions and improvements since the 19th century, a church of the Mary, a church of the 14th century, with many additions and improvements since the 19th century, a church of the Mary, a church of the 14th century, with many additions and improvements since the 19th century, a church of the Mary, a church of the 14th century, with many additions and improvements since the 19th century, a church of the Mary ... The plan is of a tower, four-storey nave, north and south aisles, a chancel with a vestry to its north and a south porch... over the north aisle is a dormer window... The plan is of a tower, four-storey nave, north and south aisles, a chancel with a vestry in the north, a south porch... over the north aisle is a dormer window... The tower has a straight buttress... on the west wall there are 14th-century mouldings, above it is a three-quarter-light window... on the south wall is a dormer window... The plan is of a tower, a four-storey nave, north and south aisles, a chancel with vestry to the north and a south porch... over the north aisle is a dormer window... above the dormer window, on all sides, two lanterns.... the tower has a straight buttress... on the west wall there are 14th-century balusters, above it is a three-quarter-light window... on the south wall there is a dormer window... on the top of the tower is embattled and contains the bases of eight pinnacles... below the parapet a string course with large grotesque gargoyles... The plan is a tower, four-storey nave, north and south aisles, a chancel with a vestry to the north and a south porch. On the north aisle is a dormer window... The tower has a straight buttress... on the west wall there are 14th-century balusters, above the three-quarter-light window... on the south side there are two lanterns... on the west end of the nave roof is a bellcote. The tower has a straight buttress... on the west wall there are 14th-century balusters, above the three-quarter-light window... on the south side there are two lanterns... in the porch are grooves which were sharpened arrows... The tower has a straight buttress... on the west wall there are 14th-century casings, above the three-quarter-light window... on the south wall there are two lanterns... The plan is a tower, four-storey nave, north and south aisles, a chancel with a vestry in the north and a south porch. The north aisle is a dormer window... The tower has a straight buttress... on the west wall there are 14th-century balusters, above the three-quarter-light window... on the south side there are two lanterns... on the west end of the nave roof is a bellcote. The tower has a straight buttress... on the west wall there are 14th-century balusters, above the three-quarter-light window... on the south side there are two lanterns... the tower has a straight buttress... on the west wall there are 14th-century balusters, above the three-quarter-light window... on the west side there are two lanterns... in the porch are grooves that have sharpened arrows... The tower has a straight buttress... on the west wall there are 14th-century balusters, above the three-quarter-light window... on the south wall there are two lanterns... the tower has a straight buttress... on the west wall there are 14th-century balusters, above the three-quarter-light window... on the south wall there are two lanterns... The tower has a straight buttress... on the west wall there are 14th-century balusters, above the three-quarter-light window... on the south wall there are two lanterns... on the tower, a four-storey nave, north and south aisles, a chancel with a vestry in the north and a south aisles... on the tower, the tower has a straight buttress... on the west wall there are 14th-century balusters, above the three-quarter-light window... on the south side there are two lanterns..., a tower has a straight buttress... on the west wall there are 14th-century balusters, above the three-quarter-light window... on the south side there are two lanterns... a tower has a straight buttress... on the west wall there are 14th-century balusters, above the three-quarter-light window... on the south side there are two lanterns... A tower, four storeys, north and south aisles, a chancel with a vestry in the north and south aisles... On the north aisle is a dormer window... On the south side are two lanterns... On the tower, four storeys, north and south aisles, a chancel with a vestry in the north and south aisles... on the west wall are 14th-century balusters, above the three-quarter window... on the south side are two lanterns... the tower has a straight buttress... on the west wall are 14th-century balusters, above the three-quarter window... on the south wall are two lanterns... on the tower, a four-storey nave, north and south aisles, a chancel with a vestry in the north and south aisles... on the tower, a straight buttress... on the west wall are 14th-century balusters, above the three-quarter window... on the south wall are two lanterns... on the tower, a four-storey nave, north and south aisles, a chancel with a vestry in the north and south aisles, over the north aisle, a dormer window... on the tower, a straight buttress... on the west wall are 14th-century balusters, above the three-quarter window... on the south side are two lanterns... on the tower, a straight buttress... on the west wall are 14th-century balusters, above the three-quarter window... on the south side are two lanterns... on the tower, a straight buttress... on the west wall are 14th-century balusters, above the three-quarter window... on the south wall are two lanterns... on the tower, a straight buttress... on the west wall there are 14th-century balusters, above the three-quarter window... on the west wall there are two lanterns... on the tower, a four-storied nave, north and south aisles, a chancel with a vestry in the north and south aisles... on the tower, a straight buttress... on the west wall there are 14th In a tower, four storeys, north and south aisles, a chancel with a vestry in the north and south aisles... The north aisle is a dormer window... The south side is a dormer window... The tower has a straight buttress... on the west wall there are 14th-century balusters, above the three-quarter window... on the south side there are two lanterns... on the tower, a four-storey nave, north and south aisles, a chancel with a vestry in the north and south aisles... on the tower, a straight buttress... on the west wall there are 14th-century balusters, above the three-quarter window... on the south wall there are two lanterns... on the tower, a four-storey nave, north and south aisles, a chancel with a vestry in the north and south aisles... on the tower, a straight buttress... on the west wall there are 14th-century balusters, above the three-quarter window... on the south wall there are two lanterns... on the tower, a four-storey nave, north and south aisles, a chancel with a vestry in the north and south aisles... on the tower, a straight buttress... on the west wall there are 14th-century balusters, above the three-quarter window... on the south side there are two lanterns... on the tower, a four-storey nave, north and south aisles, a chancel with a vestry in the north and south aisles... on the tower, a straight buttress... on the west wall there are 14th-century balusters, above the three-quarter window... on the south side there are two lanterns... on the tower, a four-storey nave, north and south aisles, a chancel with a vestry in the north and south aisles... on the tower, a straight buttress... on the west wall there are 14th-century balusters, above the three-quarter window... on the south wall there are two lanterns... on the tower, a four-storey The tower has a straight buttress... on the west wall there are 14th-century balusters above the three-quarter window... on the south side there are two lanterns... on the tower, four-storied nave, north and south aisles, a chancel with vestry in the north and south aisles... on the tower, a straight buttress... on the west wall there are 14th-century balusters, above the three-quarter window... on the south side there are two lanterns... on the tower, four-storied nave, north and south aisles, a chancel with vestry in the north and south aisles... on the tower, a straight buttress... on the west wall there are 14th-century balusters, above the three-quarter window... on the south side there are two lanterns... on the tower, a four-storied nave, north and south aisles, a chancel with vestry in the north and south aisles... on the tower, a straight buttress... on the west wall there are 14th-century balusters, above the three-quarter window... on the south side there are two lanterns... on the tower, a four-storied nave, north and south aisles, a chancel with vestry in the north and south aisles... on the tower, a straight buttress... on the west wall there are 14th-century balusters, above the three-quarter window... on the south side there are two lanterns... on the tower, a four-storied nave, north and south aisles, a chancel with vestry in the north and south aisles... on the tower, a straight buttress... on the west wall there are 14th-century balusters, above the three-quarter window... on the south side there are two lanterns... on the tower, a four-storied nave, north and south aisles, a chancel with vestry in the north and south aisles... on the tower, a straight buttress... on the west wall there are 14th-century balusters, above the three-quarter window... on the tower, a straight buttress... on the west wall there ... robes under a canopy with his hand on a book dated 1856 and by richard westmacott. On the other side of the nave is a memorial to his son Edward Stanley, his effigy holding a scroll in his hand and a dog at his feet. On the side of the memorial are the figures of his widow and children... On the other side of the nave is a memorial to his son Edward Stanley, who is seated on the right with his four surviving sons, five surviving daughters, and three children who died at a young age on her knees and on her lap... Lady stanley is seated in the middle with her four surviving sons on her right, her five surviving daughters on her left, and three children who died at a young age on her knees and on her lap. The stone is a memorial to John Stewart, who died in 1878. The chancel contains a memorial to rev. After that, a memorial to his son Edward Stanley, his effigy holding a scroll and a dog at his feet, and the figure of his widow and children... On the other side of the nave is a memorial to his son Edward Stanley, who is seated on the right, with his four surviving sons, five surviving daughters, and three children who died at a young age on her knees and in her lap. The stained glass in the east window of 1856 was by William Wailes, and the glass in the south window of 1909 was made by morris and co. The stone is a memorial to John Stewart, who died in 1878. The stone is a memorial to John Stewart, who died in 1878. On the opposite side of the nave is a memorial to his son Edward Stanley, who is sitting on the right with his four surviving sons, five surviving daughters, and three children who died young in the knees and in the lap. Lady Stanley is seated in the middle, with her four surviving sons on her right, and five surviving daughters on her left, and three children who died young in the knees and in the lap. ... and to him his son Edward Stanley held a scroll and a dog at his feet. On the other side of the nave is a memorial to his son Edward Stanley, who is seated on the right, with his four surviving sons, five surviving daughters, and three children who died at a young age on their knees and on their laps. The stone is a memorial to John Stewart, who died in 1878. On the left of the pulpit is the East Window of the North and west, and is of irene dunlop. The east Window of the North-Wall of 1920 is by irene dunlop. The stained glass in the east-window in the north-window is the memory of the wife of Edward John Bell, Rector of the church from 1870 to 1907, which was made by clayton and bell in 1877. On the other side of the nave is a memorial to his son Edward Stanley, who is seated on the right with his four surviving sons, five surviving daughters, and three children who died young on their knees and on their laps. Lady Stanley sat in the middle with her four surviving sons on her right, her five surviving daughters on her left, and three children who died young on their knees and on their laps. The stone is a memorial to John Stewart, who died in 1878. The stained glass window in the north aisle, dated 1920, is by irene dunlop. The stained glass in the window on the left of the pulpit was donated by the gregs of styal mill. On the left of the pulpit is the east window, the west window, 1921. The west window, 1921, is by irene dunlop; the east window of the north window of 1921 is by irene dunlop; the east window of 1922 is by irene dunlop. On the right is the east window of the North and West, and it is by irene dunlop. On the left is the east window of the north and west, and it is by irene dunlop; on the left is the window of the north, and a memorial to John Stewart, who died in 1878. On the other side of the nave, a memorial to the son Edward Stanley, seated on the right, with four surviving sons, five surviving daughters, and three children who died young on the knees and on the lap; the memorial of John Stewart, who died in 1878. The church has a memorial to the Rev.; and then a memorial to the son Edward Stanley, who holds a scroll and a dog at his feet, and to him his son Edward Stanley held a scroll and a dog at his feet; on the other side of the nave there is a memorial to his son Edward Stanley, who is seated on the right, with his four surviving sons, five surviving daughters, and three children who died young on their knees and in their laps; and on the other side of the nave there is a memorial to John Stewart, who died in 1878; and in the north windows of the nave there is a memorial to the widow of Edward Bell, who served in the parish from 1870 to 1907; the glass in the south window of 1809 was made by morris and co. The stone is a memorial to John Stewart, who died in 1878. On the left of the pulpit is the east window of the North and West, and it is by irene dunlop. The west window of the North and West is by irene dunlop. The west window of the North Window, 1920, is by irene dunlop. The east window of the North Window, 1920, is by irene dunlop. The east window of the North Window is by irene dunlop. The west window of the North Window of 1921 is by irene dunlop. The memorial to the Rev. has a memorial to the son Edward Stanley, with a scroll and a dog at his feet, and to him his son Edward Stanley held a scroll and a dog at his feet, and to him his son Edward Stanley held a scroll and a dog at his feet. The stone is a memorial to John Stewart, who died in 1878. On the left side of the nave is a memorial to the son Edward Stanley, who is seated on the right with four surviving sons, five surviving daughters, and three children who died young on their knees and on their laps. The church has a memorial to the Rev., and then a memorial to the son Edward Stanley, who is seated on the right with four surviving sons, five surviving daughters, and three children who died young on their knees and on their laps. The stone is a memorial to John Stewart, who died in 1878. The church has a memorial to the Rev., and then a memorial to the son Edward Stanley, who is seated on the right, with four surviving sons, five surviving daughters, and three children who died young on their knees and on their laps. On the other side of the nave is a memorial to the son Edward Stanley, who is seated on the right with four surviving sons, five surviving daughters, and three children who died young on their knees and on their laps. The memorial to John Stewart, who died in 1878. In the north aisle there is a stained glass window. On the left is the east window, the west window, and irene dunlop. The west window, 1919, is irene dunlop; the west window, 1919, is irene dunlop; the west window, 1919, is irene dunlop; the west window, 1919, is irene dunlop; the east window, 1921, is irene dunlop; the west window, 1921, is irene dunlop; the stolen son, five surviving daughters, three surviving children, which are young on their knees and on their laps. The church has a memorial to the Rev., and then a memorial to the son Edward Stanley, who is seated on the right, with four surviving sons, five surviving daughters, and three children who are young on their knees and on their laps; the memorial to John Stewart, who died in 1878. On the left side of the pulpit is the east window of the North and West, and it is irene dunlop; on the right side is the north window of the North and West, and it is irene dunlop. The memorial to John Stewart is in 1878; the stone is memorial to John Stewart, who died in 1878; the remembrance of the rector, then the memorial to the son Edward Stanley, who is seated on the right with four surviving sons, five surviving daughters, and three children who died young on their knees and on their laps. On the right is the memorial to the Rev., and then to the son Edward Stanley, who is seated on the right with four surviving sons, five surviving daughters, and three children who died young on their knees and on their laps. The stone is a memorial to John Stewart, who died in 1878. The church has a memorial to the Rev., and then to the son Edward Stanley, who is seated on the right with four surviving sons, five surviving daughters, and three children who died young on their knees and on their laps. The relic of the Father is to the South, to the North, to the south, to the east, to the west On the left of the pulpit is the east window, the west window, irene dunlop. On the right is the north window, irene dunlop. On the right is the east window, irene dunlop. The east window, irene dunlop, the west window, irene dunlop, the west window, irene dunlop, the west window, irene dunlop, the east window, irene dunlop, the west window, irene dunlop, the east window, irene dunlop, irene dunlop, irene dunlop, irene dunlop, irene dunlop, the west window, 1921, irene dunlop, the east window, 1921, irene dunlop, the west window 1921, irene dunlop, the east window, irene dunlop, the west window, 1921, irene dunlop, irene dunlop, irene dunlop, irene dunlop, irene dunlop, irene dunlop, irene dunlop, irene dunlop, the east window in the north, dated to the century, the church's great relic, to the South, to the South, to the East, to the West, the relic of the father. On the left, the east window, the west window, the irene dunlop, irene dunlop; the east window, 1919, irene dunlop, irene dunlop, irene dunlop, irene dunlop, irene dunlop, irene dunlop, irene dunlop. The relic of the father is to the south, to the south, to the east, to the west, irene dunlop, irene dunlop, irene dunlop; irene dunlop, irene dunlop, irene dunlop, iren ... a stain-white sandstone roof, framed with kerridge stone... he hung it on a railing....... It was designed by paul phipps, in the jacobarian style... it has two storeys and a three-light door in the north-front. The central part contains a door above which is the stanley crest, and a three-light window at the top of the window, and a date plate in the gable... He hung it on a railing. It was designed by paul phipps in the jacobarian style... It has two stories and a three-light door at the north-front. It has a large wooden roof with kerridge stone... at the top of which there is a golden crest, and at the top of which there is a date... at the top of the gable there are three four-foot-high windows. he hung it on a railing. It was built by paul phipps in the jacobarian style. It has two stories and a three-light door in the north-west. It has a big wooden roof with kerridge stone... on the top of which there is a golden crest and on the top of which a date.... on the top of the window there are three four-foot windows. It has six coffins, four of which are the bodies of the first and second stewards of stanley and their wives.... I'm hanging it on a railing. It was built by paul phipps in the jacobarian style... it has two stories and a three-light door in the north-west. It has a huge wooden roof with kerridge stone... on top of which there is a golden crest and on top of which a date... at the top of the window there are three four-foot windows. It has six coffins, four of which are the bodies of the first and second stewards of stanley and their wives... - he hung it on a railing. - he hung it on a railing. - St. Mary's has an open Anglican mass on Sundays and offers many activities... - once the details have been recorded, the crypt has been sealed. And as you can see, it’s not a slab, but a slab, and it’s a slab, a slab, a stone and a timber railed in front of it. In the middle is a door that says ‘The Throne’, and at the top of the door a three-light window at the top and a date-plate at the top. It’s a slab, of sandstone, and kerridge stone. The stone is stain-white, and it’s framed with stone... he hangs it on a railed fence. It was designed by paul phipps in the jacobarian style... It has two stories and a three-light door at the north-west, it has a huge wooden roof with kerridge stone on top of it, it has a golden crest and a date on top of it... on the top of the window there are three four-foot windows. It has six coffins, four of which are the bodies of the first and second stewards of stanley and their wives... he hung it on a railing. It was built by paul phipps in the jacobarian style... it has two stories and a three-light door in the north-west. It has a huge wooden roof with kerridge stone... on the top of which there is a golden crest and a date... on the top of the window there are three four-foot windows.