 the turdus pilaris is a member of the turdidae family. It breeds in woodland and scrub, in northern europe and Asia. It is migratory, with many northern birds migrating south during winter. The turdus pilaris is a member of the turdidae family, and breeds in woods and scrubs in northern europe and Asia. It breeds in savannas and scrubs in the northern hemisphere and Asia. It is an omnivore, and eats a wide variety of molluscs and insects in the summer, and in the winter, grains, grains, and seeds. It is migratory, with many north-south birds migrating south in winter. The turdus pilaris is a member of the turdidae family, and breeds in forests and scrubs in the north and in Asia. It breeds in savannas and scrubs in the north and in Asia. It is an omnivore, eats molluscs and insects in the summer, and in the winter grains, grains and seeds. It is migratory, with many northern birds migrating south during winter. The nest is built in a tree, where five or six eggs are laid. The chicks are fed by both parents and leave the nest after a fortnight. In winter, many North-South birds migrate south to winter. The turdus pilaris is a member of the turda family, and it breeds in forests and scrubs in northern Europe and Asia. It is a migratory bird, and eats molluscs and insects in the summer, and in the winter, grains, grains and seeds. It is an omnivorous bird, and it eats molluscs and insects in the summer, and in the winter, grains, grains and seeds. It breeds in forests and scrubs in northern Europe and Asia, bred in scrubs and scrubs in the northern hemisphere and Asia. It is a migratory bird, and many northern birds migrate south during winter. The nest is erected in a tree and there are five or six eggs laid, which are pampered by both parents and left in the nest for a fortnight. The plumage is about six cm (one foot) long, with a grey crown, a neck and a rump, a white back, dark wings and tail, and white underwings... The turdus pilaris is a member of the turda family, and breeds in woods and scrubs in North America and Asia. It breeds in forests and scrubs in North America and Asia. It breeds in forests and scrubs in North America and Asia. It breeds in forests and scrubs in North America and Asia. It breeds in woods and scrubs in the north and in Asia. It is a migratory bird, it eats molluscs and insects in the summer, and in the winter grains, grains and seeds. It breeds in forests and scrubs in North America and Asia. It breeds in forests and scrubs in the north and in Asia. It is a migratory bird, and many northern birds migrate south in winter. The male sings a simple, rapping song, and the birds have various guttural call and alarm calls. The turdus pilaris is a member of the turda family, and breeds in woods and groves in North America and Asia. It breeds in woods and groves in North America and Asia. It breeds in forests and groves in North America and Asia. It breeds in forests and groves in North America and Asia. It is a migratory bird, and it eats molluscs and insects in the summer, and in the winter grains, grains and seeds. It is migratory, and many north-south birds migrate south to winter. The male sings a simple song, and the birds ring in the gut with the loud alarm of a porcine. The turdus pilaris is a member of the turda family, and breeds in the woods and in the mountains in north-east Asia. It breeds in forests and in the mountains in North-east Asia, in savannas and in Asia. It breeds in forests and in savannas in North-east Asia, in savannas and in Asia. It is a migratory bird, and many northern birds migrate south-east during winter. It is a migratory bird, and many northern birds migrate south-east during winter. It is a migratory bird, and many north-south birds migrate south to winter. The turdus pilaris is a member of the turda family and breeds in forests and scrubs in north-east Asia. It breeds in forests and scrubs in North-east Asia. It breeds in forests and scrubs in North-east Asia. It breeds in forests and scrubs in North-east Asia. It breeds in forests and scrubs in North-east Asia. It breeds in forests and scrubs in North-east Asia. It breeds in forests and scrubs in North-east Asia, savannas and Asia, migratory birds, migratory birds, migratory birds, north-south, winter birds. The turdus pilaris is a member of the turda family and breeds in forests and scrubs in North-east Asia. It breeds in forests and scrubs in North-east Asia, savannas and savannas in North-Siberian savannas. It is migratory, and many northern birds migrate south in winter. The male sings a simple song and the birds sing in the gut with the hum of a porcine. It is migratory, and many northern birds migrate south in winter. The turdus pilaris is a member of the turda family and breeds in forests and scrubs in North America and Asia. It breeds in forests and scrubs in North-Siberian savannas, in the savannas and in Asia. It is migratory, and many north-south birds migrate south to winter. It is migratory, and many north-south birds migrate south-east in winter. The male sings a simple song, and the birds ring in the gut with a loud resounding voice of porcine. The turdus pilaris is a member of the turda family, and breeds in forests and groves in north and south Asia. It breeds in forests and groves in north and south Asia. It breeds in forests and groves in North and South Asia. It breeds in forests and groves in North and South Asia, it breeds in groves and groves in North and South Asia, it breeds in groves and groves in North and South Asia, it breeds in forests and groves in North and South Asia, it breeds in groves and groves in North and South Asia, it breeds in forests and groves in North and South Asia, it breeds in groves and groves in North and South Asia, it breeds in groves and groves in North and South Asia, it breeds in groves and groves in North and South Asia, it breeds in groves and groves in North and South Asia, it breeds in groves and groves in North and South Asia, it breeds in groves and groves in North and South Asia, it breeds in groves and groves in North and South Asia, it is migratory, it eats molluscs and insects in summer, and in winter, it eats grains and seeds. It migratory, and many north birds migrate south in winter. The male sings a simple song and the birds are calling in the gut with a loud scream of porcine. The male sings a simple song, and the birds are calling in the gut with the loud scream of a porcine. It is migratory, and many north birds migrate south in winter. It is migratory, and many north birds migrate south in winter. It is migratory, and many north birds migrate south in winter. The turdus pilaris is a member of the turda family, and it breeds in the forests and the forests of North America and Asia. It breeds in forests and scrubs in North America and Asia, and it breeds in the forests and the groves of North America and Asia. It breeds in forests and groves in North The turdus pilaris is a member of the turda family and breeds in forests and groves in north and south Asia. It breeds in forests and groves in north and south Asia. It breeds in forests and groves in north and south Asia. It breeds in forests and groves in North and South Asia. It breeds in forests and groves in North and South Asia, it breeds in groves and groves in North and South Asia, it breeds in groves and groves in North and South Asia, it breeds in groves and groves in North and South Asia, it breeds in groves and groves in North and South Asia, it breeds in groves and groves in North and South Asia, it breeds in groves and groves in North and South Asia, it breeds in groves and groves in North and South Asia, it breeds in groves and groves in North and South Asia, it breeds in groves and groves in North and South Asia, it breeds in groves and groves in North and South Asia, it breeds in groves and groves in North and South Asia, it breeds in groves and groves in North and South Asia, it breeds in groves and groves in North and South Asia, it breeds in groves and groves in North and South Asia, it breeds in groves and groves in North and South Asia, it breeds in groves and groves in North and South Asia, it breeds in groves and groves in North and South Asia, it breeds in groves and groves in North and South Asia, it breeds in groves and groves in North and South Asia, it breeds in groves and groves in North and South Asia, it breeds in groves and groves in North and South Asia, it breeds in groves and groves in North and South Asia, it breeds in groves and groves in North and South Asia, it breeds in groves and groves in North and South Asia, it breeds in groves and The hindquarters and chest are blue, most commonly grey, with a white spot on the tip of each rump feather. The scapulars and mantle feathers are dark chestnut, brown with dark central streaks and pale tips. The hindquarters and chest are blue, primarily grey, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The scapulars and the mantle are dark chestnut, brown with dark central streaks and pale tips. The chin, throat, and upper chest are cream, brown, and bluish, with bold, thick streaks and streaks of brownish, black. The head and the chest are blue, the most commonly grey ones, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The scapulars and the mantle are dark chestnut, brown with dark central streaks and pale tips. The chin, throat and upper chest are cream, brown, and blue, with bold, thick streaks and streaks of brown, black. The chin, throat, and upper chest are cream, brown, and blue, with thick streaks and streaks of black and brown. The primaries are brownish-brown, with the leading edge of the feathers blackened, and the inner edge of the feathers blackened near the base, whereas the inner edge of the feathers is gray at the base, whereas the inner edge is brown at the base. The secondaries are similar, but covered with brown on the leading edge... The scapulars and the mantle are dark chestnut, brown with dark central streaks and pale tips. The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey ones, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey ones, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The hilt and the head are blue, the most commonly grey ones, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The axillaries and under wing - wing are white, and the axillaries and under wing - wing are white, and the under wing - wing is dark greyish - brown bases and margins, and white tips and sides. The axillaries and under wing - wing are white, and the under wing - wing is dark greyish - brown bases and margins, and white centres and tips -... The scapulars and the mantle are dark chestnut, brown with dark central streaks and white tips. The hem and the scapulars are dark chestnut, brown with dark central streaks and white tips. The hindquarters and the chest are blue, primarily grey, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The scapulars and the mantle are dark chestnut, brown with dark central streaks and white tips. The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey ones, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey ones, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The upper mandible is slightly blond, and the lower mandible is blond, but the outer edge is blond, while the inner edge is blond. The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey ones, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The axillaries and the wing are white, and the wing is dark grey - brown bases and margins, and white tips and sides -... The scapulars and the mantle are dark chestnut, brown with dark central streaks and pale tips. The head and the chest are blue, the most often grey ones, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey ones, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The chin, the throat and the upper chest are cream, brown and blue, with thick streaks and streaks of brown, black, and blond. The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey ones, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey ones, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The scapulars and the mantle are dark chestnut, brown with dark central streaks and white tips. The axillaries and the under-wing are white, and the under-wing is white, and the under-wing is dark grey - brown bases and margins, and white tips and sides... The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey ones, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey ones, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The upper mandible is slightly blond, and the lower mandible is blond, but the outer edge is blond, and the hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey ones, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey ones, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey ones, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey ones, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The average adult length is 25 cm (.. 9 in), the wings are 14.. The scapulars and the mantle are dark chestnut, brown with dark central streaks and white tips. The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey ones, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey ones, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey ones, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey ones, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The upper mandible is slightly blond, the lower mandible is slightly blond, but the outer edge is blond, and the hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey ones, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey ones, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The scapulars and the mantle are dark chestnut, brown with dark central streaks and white tips. The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey ones, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey ones, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey ones, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The upper mandible is slightly blond, and the lower mandible is slightly blond, but the outer edge is blond, and the hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey ones, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey ones, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey ones, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey ones, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey ones, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The upper mandible is slightly blond, and the lower mand The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The upper mandible is slightly blond, the lower mandible is slightly blond, but the outer edge is blond, and the hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The upper mandible is slightly blond, and the lower mandible is slightly blond, but the outer edge is blond, and the hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The upper mandible is slightly blond, and the lower mandible is slightly blond, but the outer edge is blond, and the hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The upper mandible is slightly blond, the lower mandible is slightly blond, but the outer edge is blond, and the hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The upper mandible is slightly blond, and the lower mandible is slightly blond, but the outer edge is blond, and the hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The upper mandible is slightly blond The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The upper mandible is slightly blond, the lower mandible is slightly blond, but the outer edge is blond, and the hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The upper mandible is slightly blond, and the lower mandible is slightly blond, but the outer edge is blond, and the hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The upper mandible is slightly blond, and the lower mandible is slightly blond, but the outer edge is blond, and the hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The upper mandible is slightly blond, and the lower mandible is slightly blond, but the outer edge is blond, and the hilt and the head are blue, the most often grey, with white spots on the tip of each feather. The upper mandible is slightly blond, and the lower mandible is slightly blond, but the outer edge is blond, and the hilt and the head are The young turn up in the autumn after their first moult. The youngsters turn up in their adult attire at the first moult. They call out, mostly in flight, the harsh tsak tsak tsuk... The young turn up in the autumn after their first moult. They cries, mostly in flight, the tsak tsak tsuk... ” The same cries, but softer, are made more conversationally when the people gather in the trees... a male has a rather sluggish song that he sings during the breeding season... The young turn up in the autumn after their first blow. They cry, mostly in flight, tsak tsak tsuk...’ A male with a rather lackluster song that he sings during the breeding season. It is a mixture of a few phrases like those of the common blackbird (turdus merula) with whistles, guttural squeaks and squeaky voices. These are sung on the wing and also from the tree, and a subdued version of this song with a chorus of more warbling notes is sung by a group of birds in communal roosts. The fieldfare is a migratory species with a palearctic distribution. The young emerge in the autumn after their first blow. They cry, mostly in flight, the tsak tsak tsuk...’ The young emerge in the autumn after their first blow. They call, mostly in flight, the tsak tsak tsuk...’ The cries, which are softer, are more frequently heard in the trees... A male has a rather weak song that he sings during the breeding season. It consists of a few phrases like those of the common blackbird (turdus merulata) with whistles, guttural squeaks, and squeaky voices, which are sung on the wings and on the tree, and the bare version of this song with a chorus of squeaky notes is sung by a group of birds in communal roosts. It breeds in northern norway, northern sweden, northern sweden, finland, belgium, switzerland, austria, Czechoslovakia, hungary, poland and siberia as far as east as transbaikal, the aldan river and the tianshan mountains in northwestern china. In winter the eastern population migrates to anatolia, israel, iran, and northwest india, and occasionally to north india. The young turn up in the autumn after their first blow. They cry, mostly in flight, the tsak tsak tsuk...' The boys turn up in the autumn after their first blow. They cries, mostly in flight, the tsak tsak tsuk...... The male has a rather sluggish song during the breeding season. It consists of several phrases like those of the common blackbird (turdus merulata) with whistles, guttural squeaks and squeaks. These are sung on the wings and on the tree, and the bare version of this song with a chorus of more vocal sounds is sung by a group of birds in the common roost. It flies to iceland, greenland, spitsbergen, the canary islands, the balearic islands, madeira, corsica, sardinia, sicily, malta and cyprus. In summer the young stragglers frequent mixed forests of birch, alder, pine, spruce, and fir, often in bogs, marshes, or open plains. Moreover, they can be seen in cultivated areas, in orchards, in parks and gardens. A male has a rather weak song that he sings during the breeding season. It consists of several phrases like those of the common blackbird (turdus merulata) with whistles, guttural squeaks and squeaks, sung on the wings and also on the tree, and a soft version of this song with a chorus of more warbling notes is sung by a group of birds in communal huts. It is a general migration, migrating to iceland, greenland, spitsbergen, canary islands, balearic islands, madeira, corsica, sardinia, malta and cyprus. He sang in northern norway, northern sweden, northern sweden, finland, belgium, switzerland, austria, Czechoslovakia, hungary, poland and siberia, as far as east as transbaikal, the aldan river and the tianshan mountains in northwestern China. In winter, the eastern population moves to anatolia, israel, iran and northwest india, and occasionally to north india. The young start singing in the autumn after the first blow. They are singing, mostly in flight, the tsak tsak... The tsak tsak......... The youth start singing in the autumn after the first blow. They cry, mostly in flight, the tsak tsak... The young start singing in the autumn after the first blow, they cry, mostly in flight, the tsak tsak... - The young start singing in the autumn after the first blow. They cry, mostly in flight, the tsak tsak... - The tsak tsak... - A male has a somewhat weak song during the breeding season. It consists of several phrases like those of the common blackbird (turdus merulata) with whistles, guttural squeaks and squeaks, sung on the wings and on the tree, and the bare version of this song with a chorus of more vocal notes is sung by a group of birds in the common roost. The boys come in the autumn after their first blow. They cry, mostly in flight, the tsak tsak tsuk. The young turn up in the autumn after their first blow; they cry, mostly in flight, the tsak tsak... " The young turn up in the autumn after their first blow; they cry, mostly in flight, the tsak tsak.... A male with a rather poor song during the breeding season; it consists of several phrases like that of the common blackbird (turdus merulata) with whistles, guttural squeaks and squeaks, sung on the wings and on the tree, and a bare version of this song with a chorus of squeaks is sung by a group of birds in a communal hut. It is a general migration, migrating to iceland, greenland, spitsbergen, canary islands, balearic islands, madeira, corsica, sardinia, sicily, malta and cyprus. It sings in winter, migrates to anatolia, israel, iran, northwest india, and north india occasionally. The male has a somewhat weak song during the breeding season, composed of several phrases like those of the common blackbird (turdus merulata) with whistles, guttural squeaks and squeaks, sung on the wings and on the tree, and a subdued version of this song with a chorus of louder sounds is sung by a group of birds in the common roost. In the autumn, the youths start singing. They cry, mostly in flight, the tsak tsak.... The young men arrive in the autumn after their first blow, they cry, mostly in flight, the tsak tsak... ” In the autumn the boys come to life. They call, most often, the tsak tsak... The tsak tsak.... The tsak tsak.... The tsak tsak... ” The boys in the autumn come to life after their first blow. They call, most often, the tsak tsak.... In the summer the young stragglers often visit mixed forests of pine, alder, pine, fir, sometimes in bogs, in marshes or in open plains. The male is a little weak during the breeding season, composed of several phrases like those of the common blackbird (turdus merulata) with whistles, guttural squeaks, sung on the wings and on the tree, and a faint version of this song with a chorus of more squeaks is sung by a group of birds in the common hut. The male has a little weak song during the breeding season, consists of several phrases like those of the common blackbird (turdus merulata) with whistles, guttural squeaks and squeaks, sung on the wings and on the tree, and the bare version of this song with a chorus of more squeaks is sung by a group of birds in the common hut. In winter, the eastern population migrates to anatolia, israel, iran, northwest india and north india. The young come in the autumn after their first blow, they cry, mostly in flight, the tsak tsak... ”The young come in the autumn after their first blow; they cry, mostly in flight, the tsak tsak...” The young come in the autumn after their first blow, they cry, mostly in flight, the tsak tsak... ... the season for breeding... when a group is in a tree, all are in the same direction, making a continual chatter... if a group is foraging on the ground, often in conjunction with redwings, the group passes wind, each bird often stopping erect to look around and then returning to feeding. ... when a group is in a tree, all are facing the same direction, constantly chirping... when a group is foraging on the ground, often in conjunction with red wing, the group passes the wind, each bird stopping to look around, then returning to feeding.... - The season of breeding... in the woods, they don't skulk in the undergrowth like blackbirds and song thrushes, they roost in the open on high branches and bushes..., they roost in groups, sometimes in overgrown hedges and shrubs, but usually on the ground. - The season of breeding... in the woods they do not skulk in the undergrowth like blackbirds and song thrushes; they roost in groups, sometimes in overgrown hedges and shrubs, but usually on the ground. - When a group is in a tree, all are facing the same direction, they are constantly chirping... when a group is foraging on the ground, often in conjunction with red wing, they pass the wind, each bird often stopping to look around and then going back to the food. - The season of breeding... in the woods, they do not scurry in the undergrowth like blackbirds and song thrushes, they roost in the open on high branches and bushes... some of them are still on their way south and continue on their way to the continent, but others are still lingering... The season of breeding... in the woods, they do not scurry about in the undergrowth like blackbirds and song-birds; they roost in groups, sometimes in overgrown hedges and shrubs, but usually on the ground. The birds of the ground - often with red wings - pass the wind; the birds, often, stop and look around and return to their food... when a group is in a tree, all are in the same direction, chattering... when a group is foraging on the ground, often with red wings, the group passes the wind, each bird often stops and looks around, and returns to the food... - When a group is in a tree, all are in the same direction, constantly chirping... when a group is foraging on the ground, often with red wings, they pass the wind, each bird often stops and looks around and then returns to its food. - The season of breeding... in the woods, they do not scurry in the undergrowth like blackbirds and song-birds, they roost in the open on high branches and bushes... some of them are still in the south and continue to the continent, but others are still lingering... ... a tree, in the same direction, and a constant chattering... a tree, in the same direction, a constant chattering... a tree, in the same direction, and a constant chattering... a tree, in the same direction, and a continuous chattering... a group, often with red wings, runs the wind; each bird is often standing still and looking around, and a return to food.... when berries are ripening in autumn, they are often eaten by great numbers.... When a group is in a tree, all are in the same direction, chirping... when a group is foraging on the ground, often with red wings, it passes the wind, each bird often stops and looks around and then returns to its food... When a group is in a tree, all are chirping... when a group is foraging on the ground, often with red wings, it passes the wind, each bird often stops and looks around and returns to its food... - The season of breeding... in the woods, they do not scurry in the undergrowth like blackbirds and songbirds, they roost in the open on high branches and bushes... some are still in the south and continue to the continent, but others are still lingering... - The season of breeding... in the woods, they do not scurry in the undergrowth like blackbirds and songbirds, they roost in the open on high branches and bushes... some are still in the south and still going to the continent, but others are still lingering... The season of breeding... in the woods, they do not scurry in the undergrowth like blackbirds and songbirds, they roost in the open on high branches and bushes... some of them are still south and still going to the continent, but others are still waiting... When a group is in a tree, all are in the same direction, chirping... when a group is foraging on the ground, often with red wings, they pass the wind, each bird stops and looks around and returns to its food... When a group is in a tree, all are in the same direction, chirping... when a group is foraging on the ground, often with red wings, they pass the wind, each bird stops and looks around and returns to its food... When berries are ripening in autumn, they are often eaten by great numbers... the birds of the ground – often with red wings – pass the wind; often a group stops and looks around and returns to its food... the tree, the tree, the tree, the tree, the tree, the tree, the tree, the tree, the tree, the tree, the tree, the tree, the tree, the tree, the tree, the tree, the tree, the tree, the tree, the tree, the tree, the tree, the tree, the tree, the tree, the tree, the bird passes the wind, the bird often stops and looks around and returns to its food... The tree, the same, the same, the same, the same... a tree, in the same way, the same, the same... a tree, in the same way, the same... a tree, in the same way, the same... the tree, the same, the same, the same... the tree, the same, the same, the same... a tree, the same... the same... the tree, the same... the same... the tree, the same, the same... a tree, the same... It is the season of breeding in the woods, and not the season of singing in the trees; it is the season of breeding in the woods; it is the season of breeding in the woods; it is the season of breeding in the woods; it is the season of breeding in the woods; it is the season of breeding in the forest; it is the season of breeding in the woods; it is the season of breeding in the forest; it is the season of breeding in the woods; it is the season of breeding in the woods, it is the season of being in the open, on the high branches and bushes; some of them are still in the south and still in the continent, but others are still waiting... When a group is in the same direction, they are always chirping... when a group is chirping on the ground, often with red wings, it passes the wind, and the bird often stops and looks around and then returns to its food... When a group is in the same direction, they are constantly chirping... when a group is foraging on the ground, often with red wings, it passes the wind, and the bird often stops and looks around and returns to its food... when a group is in the same direction, chirping... when a group is foraging on the ground, often with red wings, it passes the wind, each bird often stops and looks around and returns to its food... a tree, the same, the same, the same... a tree, the same, the same... a tree, the same, the same... a tree, the same, the same... a tree, the same... the same... a tree, the same, the same... a tree, the same... a tree, the same... a tree, the same... a tree, the same, the same... a tree, the same... a tree, the same... a tree, the same, the same... a tree, the same... a tree, the same... a tree, the same... a tree, the same... a tree, the same... a tree, the same, the same... a tree, the same... a tree .... the season for breeding... in the woods they do not scurry about in the undergrowth like blackbirds and songbirds, they roost in the open on high branches and bushes... some are still in the south and will go to the continent, but others are waiting... When a group is in a tree, all are in the same direction, chirping... when a group is chirping on the ground, often with red wings, they pass the wind, and the bird often stops and looks around and returns to its food....... When a group is in a tree, all are in the same direction, chirping... when a group is chirping on the ground, often with red wings, they pass the wind, each bird often stops and looks around and returns to its food.... The season of breeding... in the forest, they do not scurry under the ground like blackbirds and songbirds, they roost in the open on high branches and bushes... some are still in the south and continue on to the continent, others are still waiting... When a group is in the same direction, they are constantly chirping... when a group is foraging on the ground, often with red wings, it passes the wind, and the bird often stops and looks around and then returns to its food........................................................ Every one hatches six eggs. But sometimes there are three, four, seven, or eight eggs laid. But some lay three, four, seven, eight eggs. At 9 millimetres (One-half inch – 13-inch – 0-half inch – 82 inches – to 33-inch – i,39 14113 – 0–826. Every man hatches six eggs. But sometimes three, four, seven or eight eggs are laid. In a hundred and sixty-six millimetres (one-quarter-inch - 13-inch--half-inch--82 inches - i,14113-0,826., 0-826. - But sometimes three, four, seven, eight eggs are laid. They all have a few hatches, but some hatch three, four, seven, eight eggs. The first eggs come from one half inch — 13 inches — 82 inches — to 33 inches — i, 14113 — 0-826. Everyone hatches six eggs. Some have three, four, seven, eight eggs. Some are pale blue with fine brown flecks, and some are bright blue, with or without larger red— or with more red—- brown stains... Every one has six eggs, but sometimes three, four, seven or eight eggs are laid. There are three, four, seven or eight eggs. The first eggs are laid from one half inch – 13 inch – 82 inches – to 33 inches – 14113 – 0-826. Every man hatches six eggs. Some hatch three, four, seven or eight eggs. But some hatch three, four, seven or eight eggs. The first eggs are blue, pale with fine brown streaks, and others are bright blue with red or grayish staining... The first eggs are laid from one half inch – 13 inch – 82 inches – to 33 inches – 14113 – 0-826. Every man hatches six eggs, but sometimes three, four, seven or eight eggs are laid. They hatch six eggs. But sometimes three, four, seven, eight eggs are laid. Every man hatches six eggs. But sometimes three, four, seven, eight eggs are laid. Every man hatches six eggs. Some hatch three, four, seven, eight eggs. They are all white with slight brownish flecks, and others have a little blueish red or grayish tinge. In a hundred and sixty-six millimeters (one-quarter-inch – 13-inch – half-inch – to 33 inches) – 14113 – – 826. Every man hatches six eggs. Some hatch three, four, seven, eight eggs. The first egg is laid from half-inch – 13-inch – to 33-inch – 14113 – – 826. Every man hatches six eggs. But sometimes three, four, seven, eight eggs are laid. They usually go out in about fourteen to sixteen days, and in the winter there are usually two broods in the area, especially in the south of the range. In a hundred and sixty-six millimetres (one-quarter-inch - 13-inch - half-inch - 82 inches) - 14113 - 8226. Each man hatches six eggs. But sometimes three, four, seven, eight eggs are laid. Some hatch three, four, seven, eight eggs. They hatch six eggs. They hatch three, four, seven, eight eggs. The first eggs are laid from one-half-inch - 13-inch - half-inch - to 33-inch - 14113 - 8226. All are white with some flecks of brown, others have a little blue or grayish tinge. Each man hatches six eggs, but sometimes three, four, seven, eight eggs are laid. They hatch six eggs, but sometimes three, four, seven, eight eggs are laid. In a hundred and sixty-six millimetres (one-quarter-inch - 13-inch - half-inch - to 33 inches) - 14113 - 8226. Everyone hatches six eggs, but sometimes three, four, seven, eight eggs. The first eggs are laid from one half-inch - 13-inch - to 33 inches - 14113 - 8226. They hatch six eggs, but sometimes three, four, seven, eight eggs. There are twenty thousand people in russia, and the population is estimated to be between forty-four and ninety-six million. In the kingdom of russia there are only two sets of breeders, ranging from forty-four to ninety-six million. They go out in about fourteen to sixteen days, and in winter there are usually two, in the south of the range, two broods. Every man has six eggs. Some have three, four, seven, eight eggs. The first egg is laid from half-inch, 13-inch, half-inch to 33-inch, 14113 – 826. Every man has six eggs. But sometimes three, four, seven, eight eggs are laid. Every man has six eggs, but sometimes three, four, seven, eight eggs are laid. They are all white with a slight brownish tinge, and some have a little blue, red or greyish tinge. The first egg is laid from half-inch, 13-inch, half-inch, 14113 – 8226. Every man has six eggs, but sometimes three, four, seven, eight eggs are laid. Every man hatches six eggs, but sometimes three, four, seven, eight eggs are laid. The first eggs are laid from half-inch, 13-inch, half-inch, 14113 – 8226. Each man hatches six eggs, but sometimes three, four, seven, eight eggs. Every man hatches six eggs, but sometimes three, four, seven, eight eggs. All are white, some have some brownish patches, others have some blue or greyish tinge. In a hundred and sixty-six (one-quarter-inch, 13-inch, half-inch) 14113 – 8226. All are white, with some brown spots, and some have a little blue or gray tinge.