 jifna ( arabic: jifna) is a palestinian village in the state of ramallah and the area of al-Q-—- bireh, located on the central west bank of the Palestine river, approximately 8 kilometers (5.00 mi) north of ramallah and 23 kilometers (14 mi) south of jerusalem. jifna, a village of about 15,000 people, in a region of a hundred and fifty inhabitants, has maintained its Christian majority since the sixth century ce. In arabic: jifna) is a village in the country of Ramallah and in the area of Al-Q--marreh, located on the eastern bank of the Palestine River, about eight miles (five miles) north of ramallah and about twenty-four miles (six miles) south of jerusalem. jifna, with a population of 15,000 people, in a region of a hundred and fifty inhabitants, has maintained its Christian majority since the sixth century. jifna was called gophnah (in Hebrew) at the time of the first jewish - roman war, and then after its conquest became a roman regional capital. The village has a village council, appointed by a chairman, jabi na im kamil, in 2008. jifna is governed by a village council, led (in 2008) by the chairman jabi na im kamil. " In arabic, jifna") is a village in the city of Ramallah and in the area of Al-Q-marreh, located on the east bank of the Palestinian river, about eight (five) miles north of ramallah and twenty-four (six) miles south of jerusalem. The village of jifna has a village council, appointed by a chairperson jabi na im kamil in 2008. The village of jifna has a population of 15,000 in a hundred and fifty inhabitants, securing the Christian majority from the sixth century. jifna is a village in the country of Ramallah and in the area of al-q-marreh, on the eastern bank of the Palestine, about eight miles (five miles) north of ramallah and about twenty-four miles (six miles) south of jerusalem. The ancient name 'Gophnah' was in Hebrew at the time of the first Jew-versus-Roman war, and was renamed after its conquest. jifna, with a population of about 15,000 people, in a hundred and fifty inhabitants, has been a Christian majority since the sixth century. jifna (Jewish: jifna) is a village in the city of Ramallah and the hamlet of Al-Qmarreh, on the eastern bank of the Palestine River, about eight miles (five miles) north of ramallah and about twenty-four (six) south of jerusalem. The hamlet of jifna (Jewish: jifna) is a village in the Ramallah hamlet and in the hamlet of Al-Qmarreh, on the east bank of the Palestine, about eight miles (five) north of ramallah and twenty-four (six) south of jerusalem. The village of jifna, about 15,000 people in a hundred and fifty people, has a Christian majority since the sixth century. The hamlet of jifna (In the arabic, jifna) is a village in the Ramallah hamlet and in the hamlet of Al-Q-marreh, on the eastern bank of the Palestinian river, about eight (five) miles north of ramallah and twenty-four (six) miles south of jerusalem. The village of jifna, with a population of 15,000 people, in a hundred and fifty inhabitants, has been a Christian majority since the sixth century. Jifna, with a population of 15,000 people, in a hundred and fifty inhabitants, has been a Christian majority since the sixth century. In the past, jifna was called gophnah, the name of the first Jew-versus-Roman war, and renamed after the conquest. However, in modern times, the ruins of St. George’s church are now a tourist attraction. jifna (in arabic jifna) is a village in the country of Ramallah and the village of Al Qmarreh, located on the eastern bank of the Palestinian River, eight (five) miles north of ramallah and twenty-four (six) miles south of jerusalem. Jifna, with a population of about 15,000 people in a hundred and fifty people, has been a Christian majority since the sixth century. In the former day, jifna was called gophnah in the language of the first Jew-versus-Roman war, and after the conquest it became a roman capital. Jifna, with a population of about 15,000 people in a hundred and fifty people, has been a Christian majority since the sixth century. In the ancient times, jifna was called gophnah in the language of the first Jew-versus-Roman war, and was renamed after the conquest. Jifna, with a population of 15,000 people in a hundred and fifty people, has been a Christian majority since the sixth century. In the Arab rabble, jifna is a village in the city of Ramallah and in the city of Al-Qmarreh, on the eastern bank of the Palestinian river, about eight (five) miles north of ramallah and twenty-four (six) south of jerusalem. In the past, jifna was called gophnah in Hebrew, and was renamed after its conquest. Jifna has a village council, appointed by a chairperson, jifna in 2008, jifna, a hundred and fifty inhabitants, a Christian majority since the sixth century. In the past, jifna was called gophnah, the name of the first Jew-versus-Roman war, and was renamed after its conquest. In the modern world, the ruins of St. George's church are a tourist attraction. When jifna was first called in Hebrew the first Jew-versus-Roman war and was given a rename in the twelfth century. The village of jifna (in arabic jifna) was located in the country of Ramallah and in the province of Al Qmarreh, on the eastern bank of the Palestinian river, about eight (five) miles north of ramallah and twenty-four (six) south of jerusalem. The hamlet of jifna (Jewish: jifna) was located in the country of Ramallah and in the province of Al Qmarreh, on the eastern bank of the Palestinian River, about eight (five) miles north of ramallah and twenty-four (six) south of jerusalem. jifna, a hundred and fifty inhabitants, a Christian majority since the sixth century. Jifna, a population of 15,000 in a hundred and fifty inhabitants, was a Christian majority since the sixth century. In ancient times, jifna was called gophna in Hebrew and was renamed after its conquest; in the sixth century, jifna was called gophna, the name of the first Jew-versus-Roman war, and renamed after the conquest. In the sixth century, jifna was called gophna, in the language of the first Jew-versus-Roman war, and then became a Roman province. The hamlet of jifna (Jewish: jifna) is located in the city of Ramallah and in the city of Al Qmarreh, on the eastern bank of the Palestinian River, eight (five) miles north of ramallah and twenty-four (six) south of jerusalem. ... Rome’s wars in the 1st century ce. The town is described in the map of madaba as gophna, located in the north of Gibeon (@ -jib) and is also referred to in the talmud as ben gufnin, a city of priests... The latter of its talmudic names derives from the Hebrew word gefen, meaning ‘vine’. In the map of madaba it is referred to as Gophna, which is in the north of Gibeon (@-jib) and is also mentioned in the talmud as ben gufnin, a city of priests... The former of its talmudic names derives from the Hebrew word gefen, meaning vine. Rome’s wars in the first century ce. Roman city of iudaea, known as cofna, was a borough in the Iudaea province. During the period of Casius’s reign the population was sold into slavery for his failure to pay taxes. However, they were liberated by Mark Antony, when he was in power. There is a town in jifna in the map of madaba, located north of Gibeon, (@Jib), and also referred to in the talmud as Bengufnin, a city of priests... The former of its talmudic names derives from the Hebrew word gefen, meaning 'vine'. The Roman town of iudaea, known as cofna, was a town in the province of iudaea, in which the population was sold for his failure to pay taxes. At the time of Casius's reign, the people were sold into slavery for his failure to pay taxes; however, they were liberated by Mark Antony, who was in power. - The Roman emperor Vespasian occupied jifna in 68 ce, established an army garrison there, and concentrated the jewish priests and other notables who had surrendered to him. - jifna was in the territory of Hananiah's command in 66 ce, during the first jewish 'Roman war', and was one of the twelve royal domises (the minor domises) of Judaea. In the map of madaba, it is called Gophna, located in the north of Gibeon, and also called Bengufnin, city of priests... In the map of madaba, it is called Gophna, located in the north of Gibeon, and also called in the talmud: ben gufnin, city of priests... In the map of madaba, the town is called Gophna, located in the north of Gibeon, called 'Jib', and also called in the talmud: 'Ben Gufnin, city of priests.' There is a city in jifna in the map of madaba, which is in the north of Gibeon, called 'Jib', and in the talmud is called 'Ben Gufnin, city of priests.' In the talmud, the latter of the talmudic names derives from the Hebrew word gefen, meaning vine. Rome's wars in the first century. jifna was under the command of Hananiah, in 66, during the first Jewish "Roman war," and was one of the twelve royal dominations (the minor dominations) of Judaea. jifna was occupied by Hananiah in 66 ce, during the first christian war, and was one of the twelve royal domises (the minor domises) of Judaea. The christian town of jifna was annexed by the rashidun caliphate under the abbot ibn al-hihi in 634. It is called in the map of madaba, called gophna, located in the north of Gibeon (@Jib) and also called in the talmud: Ben Gufnin, a city of priests... In the map of madaba, called gophna, located in the north of Gibeon, called gophnin, a city of priests... The latter of its talmudic names derives from the Hebrew word gefen, meaning vine. The Roman city of iudaea, known as cofna, was a town in the province of iudaea, during the time of Casius, sold into slavery for his nonpayment; but Mark Antony, who was in power, liberated them. The Roman city of iudaea, known as cofna, was a city in the province of iudaea. At the time of Casius, the people were sold into slavery for his nonpayment; however, they were liberated by Mark Antony, who was in power. In the map of madaba, the city is called Gophna, located in the north of Gibeon, and also called in the text: Ben Gufnin, city of priests. In the text, the text is called: "Gophna", and also called in the text: "Ben Gufnin, city of priests"... The source is unclear, but it is probable that the city was named Gafeniyah. The city of iudaea, known as a cofna, was built by the Roman Emperor Vespasian in 68, established an army station, concentrated the priests and the holy men who surrendered to him..... Rome's wars in the first century. The Roman city of iudaea, known as a cofna, was located in the province of iudaea, and during the reign of Casius the people were sold for his indebtedness, but were liberated by Mark Antony when he was in power. Iudaea was occupied by Hananiah in 66 ce, during the first Jewish “Roman war,” and was one of the twelve kingdoms of Judaea. The Roman city of iudaea, known as iudaea, was occupied by Hananiah in 66 ce, during the first Jewish “Roman war” and was one of the twelve royal aristocracies (the aristocracies) of Judaea. The city of iudaea, known as iudaea, was an enclave of Hananiah in 66 ce, during the first christian war, and was one of the twelve royal aristocracies (the aristocracies) of Judaea. The Roman emperor Vespasian occupied iudaea in 68 ce, established an army garrison, and put in place the priests and other notables who had surrendered to him. The Roman emperor iudaea, known as cofna, was a town in the province of iudaea, during the first Jewish era, and was one of the twelve minor dominions of Judaea. In the map of madaba it is called Gophna, located in the north of Gibeon, and also called in the talmud: Ben Gufnin, a city of priests. In the talmud the former of its talmudic names derives from the Hebrew word gufnin, which means vine. The Roman city of iudaea, known as cofna, was occupied by Hananiah in 66, during the first Jewish war, and was one of the twelve royal villas (the minor villas) of Judaea. The city of iudaea, known as cofna, was located in the province of iudaea during the first Jewish war, and was one of the twelve royal villas (the minor villas) of Judaea. The Roman city of iudaea, known as cofna, was in It was a large courtyard building in Jifna. It had a grand entrance, a portcullis, and a great hall, with walls of stone. After the defeat of the Ayyubids in 1187, the church fell into ruin. After the Ayubids' defeat in 1187, the church fell into ruin. It was a large courtyard at Jifna, with a great entrance, a portcullis and a great hall with stone walls. According to the American scholar Edward Robinson, in the centre of the village, where there are still houses, there are fragments of ancient walls, but these were relics of a castle built by the crusaders. I thought it was a large court at Jifna, with a grand entrance, a portcullis, and a great hall, with stone walls. After the Ayubids' defeat in 1187, the church fell into ruin. In the end, the church fell into ruin. According to the American scholar Edward Robinson, in the middle of the village, where there are still houses, there are traces of ancient walls, but these were remnants of a castle built by the crusaders. There are still two or three houses in the village, but these are the remnants of a castle built by the crusaders. In 1596 it was listed on the registers of the sanjak republic of the sanjak kingdom, in the jifna area (subdistrict) of jerusalem, with a population of 21 households. The church fell into ruin after the defeat of the Ayyubids in 1187. The church fell into ruin. It was a large courtyard in Jifna, with a great entrance, a portcullis, and a great hall with stone walls. After the Ayyubids' defeat in 1187, the church fell into ruin. It was a large courtyard in Jifna, with a great entrance, a portcullis, and a great hall with stone walls. According to the American scholar Edward Robinson, in the middle of the village where there are still houses, there are some ancient walls, but these are the ruins of a castle built by the crusaders. The locals paid a fixed rate of 33 % on the crops, including wheat, barley, olives, vineyards, fruit trees, goats, and beehives, in addition to occasional revenues; a total of six, 470 akce. The end, the church fell into ruin. — I thought it was a great court at Jifna, with a grand entrance, a portcullis, and a grand hall with stone walls. It was a large courtyard in Jifna, with a grand entrance, a portcullis, and a grand hall with stone walls. The church was ruined after the Ayyubids' defeat in 1187. The church was destroyed after the Ayyubids' defeat in 1187. In the end the church was destroyed. In 1596 it was listed on the register of the sanjak republic, in the jifna sub-district, of the sanjak kingdom, in the region of the Jifna District, containing 21 households. In the beginning of the 1830s ibrahim pasha of egypt seized most of the Levant, especially palestine. In the end the church was destroyed. According to the American scholar Edward Robinson, in the middle of the village where there are still houses, there are fragments of ancient walls, but these were remnants of a castle built by the crusaders. After the Ayyubids' defeat in 1187, the church fell into ruin. In the end, the church fell into ruin. It was a large courtyard at Jifna, with a great entrance, a portcullis, and a great hall with stone walls. The ottoman life in the village was few, but they used the remains of the castle, known as burj jifna, as a jail, sometime in the 19th century. - I thought it was a great court in Jifna, with a great entrance, a portcullis and a great hall with stone walls. I thought it was a great court in Jifna, with a great entrance, a portcullis and a great hall with stone walls. The church fell into ruin in 1187, after the Ayyubids' defeat in 1187. The church fell into ruin. The church fell into ruin after the Ayyubids' defeat in 1187. The church fell into ruin in 1187. In the beginning of the 1830s, ibrahim pasha of egypt took most of the Levant, especially palestine. The settlers paid a fixed rate of 33 % for the land, wheat, barley, olives, vineyards, fruit trees, goats, and beehives, in addition to occasional revenues; total six,470 akce. The church fell into ruin. In 1596 it was listed on the registers of the sanjak republic, in the jifna district of the sanjak kingdom, in the Jifna district, containing 21 households. After the Ayyubids' defeat in 1187, the church fell into ruin. After the Ayyubids' defeat in 1187, the church fell into ruin. The church fell into ruin. It was a large courtyard in Jifna, with a great entrance, a portcullis, and a big hall with stone walls. The church fell into ruin after the Ayyubids' defeat in 1187. The church fell into ruin after the Ayyubids' defeat in 1187. The village was small and the remains of the castle, called Burj Jifna, were used for a prison. The inhabitants of the village, who were aristocratic people, dragged two or three houses in their unobstructed way by two priests, a common father and a shepherd, by the side of the road. It was a large courtyard in Jifna, with a grand entrance, a portcullis and a grand hall with stone walls. In the beginning of the 1830s ibrahim pasha of egypt seized the Levant, especially Palestine. The people of the village dragged two or three houses there, but they were the remains of a castle built by the crusaders. It was a large courtyard in Jifna, with a grand entrance, a portcullis and a grand hall with stone walls. The church was destroyed in 1187, after the Ayyubids’ defeat in 1187. The church was destroyed in 1187. The church was destroyed in 1187. In the end the church was destroyed. The church was destroyed in 1187, after the Ayyubids’ defeat in 1187. In 1596 it was listed on the register of the Sanjak republic, in the Jifna sub-district, the sanjak kingdom, with a population of 21. The church was destroyed in 1187, after the Ayyubids’ defeat in 1187. It was a great court in Jifna, with a great entrance, a portcullis, and a great hall with stone walls. In the beginning of the 1830s, the ibrahim pasha of egypt took most of the Levant, especially palestine, and the settlers paid a fixed rate of 33 percent on the land, wheat, barley, olives, vineyards, fruit trees, goats and beehives, in addition to occasional revenues, totaling six,470 kce. In the end, the church fell into ruin. In 1187, the church fell into ruin. The church fell into ruin after the Ayyubids' defeat in 1187. The church fell into ruin after the Ayyubids' defeat in 1187. The church fell into ruin after the Ayyubids' defeat in 1187. It fell into ruin after the Ayyubids' defeat in 1187. The Ayyubids' defeat in 1187, the church fell into ruin. The basilica, next to the ruin of St. George’s church, is... in the courtyard of St. George’s... The basilica, adjacent to the ruin of St. George’s, is... in the courtyard of St. George’s... St. George’s Church is a sarcophagus... St. George’s Church has been a place of worship throughout the modern era, and has been the site of archaeological excavation since the mid- and late 19th century... The basilica, by the ruin of St George’s, is... in the courtyard of St George’s... The basilica, by the ruin of St George’s, is... in the courtyard of St George’s... The basilica, by the ruin of St George’s, is... in the courtyard of St George’s... The graveyard of St George’s church is a sarcophagus... St George’s Church has been a place of worship throughout the modern era, and has been the site of archaeological excavation since the mid- and late 19th century... Mass is still held at its altar... The basilica, next to the ruin of St George's, is... in the courtyard of St George's... The basilica, next to the ruin of St George's, is... in the courtyard of St George's... The graveyard of St George's church is a sarcophagus... St George's church has been a place of worship throughout the modern era, and has been the site of archaeological excavation since the mid- and late 19th century... Mass is still held at its altar..., during World War I the ottomans were defeated by british and arab soldiers... The basilica, beside the ruin of St George's, is... in the courtyard of St George's... The basilica, beside the ruin of St George's, is... in the courtyard of St George's... The basilica, beside the ruin of St George's, is... in the courtyard of St George's... St George's church is a sarcophagus... St George's church has been a church of worship throughout the modern era, and has been a site of archaeological excavation since the mid- and late 19th century... a half century ago, after a brief military era, jifna and its region came under the control of the League of Nations, in 1922. in 1947, united nations, jifna, to form separate jewish and arab states, and to be a part of the planned arab state. The church of St George is a sarcophagus... St George's Church is a sarcophagus... St George's Church is a church of worship, and has been the site of archaeological excavation since the late 19th century... Mass is still held at its altar... In World War I, the ottomans were defeated by british and arab soldiers... a half century ago, after a brief military period, jifna and its region came under the control of the League of Nations, in 1922. In 1947, a united country, jifna, joined together and established a separate Jewish and Arab state, to form a part of the planned arab state. The basilica, beside the ruin of St. George, is... in the courtyard of St. George... The basilica, beside the ruin of St. George, is... in the courtyard of St. George... The basilica, beside the ruin of St. George, is... in the courtyard of St. George... The basilica, beside the ruin of St. George, is... in the courtyard of St. George... The basilica, beside the ruin of St. George, is... in the courtyard of St. George... The basilica, beside the ruin of St. George, is... in the courtyard of St. George... The church of St. George is a sarcophagus... St. George's church is a sarcophagus... St. George's church has been a church of worship throughout the modern era, and has been the site of archaeological excavation since the mid- and late 19th century... Mass is still held at the altar... The church of St George is a sarcophagus... St George is a sarcophagus... St George is a sarcophagus... St George is a church of worship, and has been a site of archaeological excavation since the mid-19th century... The church of St George is a sarcophagus... St George is a church of worship and has been a site of archaeological excavation since the mid-19th century... St George is a church of worship, and has been a site of archaeological excavation since the mid-19th century... In World War I, the ottomans were defeated by british and arab soldiers... A half century ago, after a brief military period, jifna and its region came under the League of Nations, in 1922, a united country united and established a separate Jewish and Arab state, to form part of the planned arab state. The basilica, next to the ruin of St George, is... in the courtyard of St George... The basilica, next to the ruin of St George, is... in the courtyard of St George... The basilica, next to the ruin of St George, is... in the courtyard of St George... The basilica, next to the ruin of St George, is... in the courtyard of St George... The basilica, next to the ruin of St George, is... in the courtyard of St George... The basilica, next to the ruin of St George, is... in the courtyard of St George... The basilica, next to the ruin of St George, is... in the courtyard of St George... The basilica, next to the ruin of St George, is... in the courtyard of St George... The basilica, near the ruin of St. George, is... in the courtyard of St. George... The basilica, near the ruin of St. George, is... in the courtyard of St. George... The basilica, near the ruin of St. George, is... in the courtyard of St. George... The basilica, near the ruin of St. George, is... in the courtyard of St. George... The basilica, near the ruin of St. George, is... in the courtyard of St. George... The basilica, near the ruin of St. George, is... in the courtyard of St. George... The basilica, near the ruin of St. George, is... in the courtyard of St. George... The basilica, near the ruin of St. George, is... in the courtyard of St. George... The basilica, near the ruin of St. George, is... in the courtyard of St. George... The basilica, near the ruin of St. George, is... in the courtyard of St. George... The basilica, near the ruin of St. George, is... in the courtyard of St. George... The basilica, near the ruin of St. George, is... in the courtyard of St. George... The basilica, near the ruin of St. George, is... in the courtyard of St. George... The basilica, near the ruin of St. George, is... in the courtyard of St. George... The basilica, near the ruin of St. George, is... in the courtyard of St. George... The basilica, near the ruin of St. George, is... in the courtyard of St. George... The basilica, near the ruin of St. George, is... in the courtyard of St. George... The basilica, near the ruin of St. George, is... in the courtyard of St. George... The basilica, near the ruin of St. George, is... in the courtyard of St. George... The basilica, near the ruin of St. George, is... in the courtyard of St. George... At the junction of two ancient trade routes – the mountainous north-south-south route and the eastern-west route – connected the Jordan valley with the Mediterranean seacoast – jifna has a total area of six hundred and fifty dunams, 420 of which are designated as built-up, and about 2400 dunams or more, planted with olives, apricots, and other trees – At the junction of two ancient trade routes, the north-south-south-south route, and the east-west route, connecting the Jordan Valley with the Mediterranean sea, jifna consists of six hundred and fifty dunams, of which 420 were reserved for the residential development, and of the rest were uplands, about 2400 dunams, planted with olives, apricots and other trees. The village is located in the southern part of the territory of jifna, and is connected to it by road. At the junction of two ancient trade routes, the mountainous north-south-south-south-and-east-west route, connecting the Jordan Valley with the Mediterranean Sea, jifna has a total area of six hundred and fifty dunams, of which 420 are designated for development and of which about 2400 are planted with olives, apricots, and other trees. Jifna is connected to the main ramallah-east-nablus highway by a road on the eastern side of the village. The village is located in the southern part of the territory of jifna, and is connected by road. Other nearby locations are aa aash to the southwest, beitin to the southeast, ein yabrud to the east, atara to the north, and birzeit to the northwest. At the junction of two ancient trade routes, the north-south-south-south-south-south-south-south route and the eastern-west route, connects the Jordan Valley with the Mediterranean sea, jifna has a total area of six hundred and fifty dunams, of which 420 are reserved for the development of houses, and the rest of the land is made up of olives, apricots and other trees. When the valley reaches the middle of the Middle Ages – the period from the first quarter of the epoch to the year-end, Jifna has a total area of six hundred and fifty dunams, 420 of which are dedicated to the building of houses and about 2400 of these are planted with olives, apricots, and other trees. Jifna is connected to the main ramallah-east-nablus highway by a road on the eastern side of the village. At the junction of two ancient trade routes, the mountainous north-south-south-south-and-east-west route, connecting the Jordan Valley with the Mediterranean Sea, jifna consists of six hundred and fifty dunams, of which 420 are reserved for the development of houses, and of which about 2400 are planted with olives, apricots, and other trees. The village is located in the southern part of the territory of jifna and is connected by road. Jifna has a warm, temperate mediterranean climate. The average monthly high temperature ranges from 53° f (11°) in january to 84° f (29°) in august, and the corresponding lows are 39° f (4°) and 63° f (17°). At the junction of two ancient trade routes, the mountainous north-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south route, connecting the Jordan Valley with the Mediterranean Sea, jifna has a total area of six hundred and fifty dunams, of which 420 are reserved for residential buildings and of which about 2400 are planted with olives, apricots, and other trees. The annual rain usually falls in the winter, between October and April. It is not a long way from the beginning of the Middle Ages, at the end of the second quarter of the year. In the middle of the Middle Ages, at the end of the year, Jifna has a total of six hundred and fifty dunams, 420 of which are devoted to building houses and another, about two hundred and fifty dunams, planted with olives, apricots, and other trees. At the junction of two ancient trade routes, the north-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-outh-south-outh-outh-outh-outh-outh-outh-outh-outh-outh- In a 1945 survey carried out by sami hadawi, jifna had a total of ninety-five inhabitants. Its modern inhabitants are composed of eight families, four of whom are originally from the village, while the remaining five have migrated, on a frequent basis, to a distant land or other, such as syria, to other countries. The jifna village is located in the south of the territory of jifna, and is connected by road. The village is located in the southern part of the territory of jifna and is connected by road. The village is connected to the main ramallah-east-na-blue road on the eastern side of the village. The town is located in the southern part of the territory of jifna, and is connected by road. At the junction of two ancient trade routes, the mountainous north-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-south-outh-outh-outh-outh-outh-outh-outh-outh-outh-outh-outh-outh-outh-outh-outh-outh-outh-outh-outh-outh-outh-outh-outh-outh-outh-outh-outh-outh-outh-out At the census of the Psalter Central Bureau of Statistics (Pcbs) the first census, taken by the Central Bureau of Statistics (PCBs) showed that the village had a population of 961, of whom 623 (62 @.. @ 8%) were identified as refugees in 1997... At the census of the Psalter Central Bureau of Statistics (PCBs), the first census, taken by the PCBs, showed that the village had a population of 961, of whom 623 (62... ) were identified as refugees in 1997... At the Psalter Central Bureau of Statistics (Pcbs) the first census taken by the PCBs showed that the village had a population of 961, of whom 623 (62.. 8) were identified as refugees in 1997... At the census of the Psalter Central Bureau of Statistics (Pcbs) the first census, taken by the PCBs, showed that the village had a population of 961, of whom 623 (62.. 8%) were identified as refugees in 1997... At the census of the Psalter Central Bureau of Statistics (PCBs), the first census taken by the PCBs, showed that the village had a population of 961, of whom 623 (62... ) were identified as refugees in 1997... At the census of the Psalter Central Bureau of Statistics (PCBs), the first census taken by the PCBs, showed that the village had a population of 961, of whom 623 (62.. ) were identified as refugees in 1997... The remains of the byzantine... era church in Jifna testifies to the existence of a christian community before the muslim conquest. At the census of the Psalter Central Bureau of Statistics (Pcbs) the first census, taken by the Pcbs, showed that the village had a population of 961, of whom 623 (62... ) were identified as refugees in 1997... At the census of the Psalter Central Bureau of Statistics (Pcbs), the first census, taken by the PCBs, showed that the village had a population of 961, of whom 623 (62... 8) were identified as refugees in 1997... At the census of the Psalter Central Bureau of Statistics (Pcbs) the first census, taken by the PCBs, showed that the village had a population of 961, of whom 623 (62... ) were identified as refugees in 1997... At the census of the PCBs, the first census, taken by the PCBs, showed that the village had a population of 961, of whom 623 (62.. ) were identified as refugees in 1997... At the census of the Psalter Central Bureau of Statistics (PCBs), the first census, taken by the PCBs, showed that the village had a population of 961, of whom 623 (62...) were identified as refugees in 1997. At the census of the Psalter Central Bureau of Statistics (PCBs), the first census, taken by the PCBs, showed that the village had a population of 961, of whom 623 (62... ) were identified as refugees in 1997... At the census of the PCBs, the first census, taken by the PCBs, showed that the village had a population of 961, of whom 623 (62... ) were identified as refugees in 1997... The ruins of the church in Jifna testify to the existence of a Christian community before the muslim conquest. The archives of the Byzantine church in Jifna testifies to the existence of a christian community before the muslim conquest. At the census of the Psalter Central Bureau of Statistics (PCBs), the first census, taken by the PCBs, showed that the village had a population of 961, of whom 623 (62) were identified as refugees in 1997... At the census of the Psalter Central Bureau of Statistics (Pcbs), the first census, taken by the PCBs, showed that the village had a population of 961, of whom 623 (62) was identified as refugees in 1997... At the census of the Psalter Central Bureau of Statistics (Pcbs) the first census, taken by the PCBs, showed that the village had a population of 961, of whom 623 (62) was identified as refugees in 1997... At the census of the Psalter Central Bureau of Statistics (Pcbs) the first census, taken by the PCBs, showed that the village had a population of 961, of whom 623 (62) was identified as refugees in 1997... The ruins of the church in Jifna testify to the existence of a Christian community before the muslims. At the census of the Psalter Central Bureau of Statistics (PCBs), the first census, taken by the PCBs, showed that the village had a population of 961, of whom 623 (62) was identified as refugees in 1997... At the census of the Psalter Central Bureau of Statistics (PCBs), the first census, taken by the PCBs, showed that the village had a population of 961, of whom 623 (62) was identified as refugees in 1997... At the census of the PCBs, the first census, taken by the PCBs, showed that the village had a population of 961, of whom 623 (62) was identified as refugees in 1997... At the census of the Psalter Central Bureau of Statistics (PCBs), the first census, taken by the PCBs, showed that the village had a population of 961, of whom 623 (62) was identified as refugees in 1997... In the ruins of the church in Jifna, the Church of the Byzantine period, testimony to the existence of a christian community before the muslim conquest. At the census of the Psalter Central Bureau of Statistics (Pcbs) the first census, taken by the Pcbs, showed that the village had a population of 961, of whom 623 (62 ) were identified as refugees in 1997. At the census of the Psalter Central Bureau of Statistics (Pcbs) the first census, taken by the Pcbs, showed that the village had a population of 961, of whom 623 (62 ) was identified as refugees in 1997. The remains of the Byzantine church in Jifna testify to the existence of a Christian community before the muslims. At the census of the Psalter Central Bureau of Statistics (Pcbs), the first census, taken by the Pcbs, showed that the village had a population of 961, of whom 623 (62) was identified as refugees in 1997... At the census of the Psalter Central Bureau of Statistics (Pcbs) the first census, taken by the PCBs, showed that the village had a population of 961, of whom 623 (62) was identified as refugees in 1997... At the census of the PCBs, the first census, taken by the PCBs, showed that the village had a population of 961, of whom 623 (62) was identified as refugees in 1997... The ruins of the church in Jifna show that the Christian community existed before the muslims. At the census of the PCBs, the first census, taken by the PCBs, showed that the village had a population of 961, of whom 623 (62) were identified as refugees in 1997... At the census of the PCBs, the first census, taken by the PCBs, showed that the village had a population of 961, of whom 623 (62) were identified as refugees in 1997... The ruins of the church in Jifna prove the existence of a Christian community before the muslims. And besides, the ancestors of the former landowners were living on other business, whether it was a restaurant, or some other small business of the ancestors, or simple commerce. Besides, there is no vacancy in the village. And in addition, the ancestors of the former landowners lived on a different business, whether it was a restaurant, or some other small business of the ancestors, or simply business. The average income was low, however, because of the unstable political situation in the country of the palestinian peoples, israeli checkpoints, the west bank barrier, and the 2006 freezing of funds to the Palestinian territories—although this last restriction no longer applies to the west bank. And the ancestors of the former landowners lived on a different business, whether it was a restaurant or some other little business, or simply trade. Besides, there was no vacancy in the village. The average income was low because of the unstable political situation in the country of the Palestinian peoples, the israeli checkpoints, the West Bank barrier, and the 2006 freezing of Palestinian funds to the Palestinian territories, although this last restriction no longer applies to the west bank. Besides, the residents of the village live on a different business, whether it was a restaurant or some other little business of the ancestors, or simply a simple trade. And, besides, the ancestors of the former landowners lived on another occupation, whether it was a restaurant, a small business of the ancestors, or a trade. But the average income was low, because of the unstable political situation in the country of the Palestinian peoples, israeli checkpoints, the west bank barrier, and the 2006 freeze of Palestinian money in the Palestinian territories, although this last restriction no longer applies to the west bank. Besides, there is no vacancy in the village. The village is home to the jifna women's society, which offers health services and recreational activities for women and children. In addition, the ancestors of the former landowners lived in another business, whether it was a restaurant or some other business, or simply a business. Besides, the inhabitants of the village live in another business, whether it was a restaurant or some other small business, or simply a trade. And, besides, the ancestors of the former owners lived on another occupation, whether it was a restaurant, a small business, or a trade. Besides, there was no shortage in the village. The ancestors of the former owners lived on another occupation, whether it was a restaurant, a small business, or a trade. And the ancestors of the former owners lived on another occupation, whether it was a restaurant, a small business, or a trade. Besides, there was no shortage in the village. The village was home to the ladies’ society of jifna, a women’s society that provides health and recreation for women and children. Besides, the inhabitants of the village live in another occupation, whether it is a restaurant, a small business, or simply a trade. The average income was low because of the unstable political situation in the country of the Palestinian peoples, israeli checkpoints, the west bank wall, and the 2006 freeze of Palestinian money in the Palestinian territories, although this last restriction does not apply to the west bank. But the average income was low because of the unstable political situation in the country of the Palestinian peoples, israeli checkpoints, the west bank wall, and the 2006 freeze of Palestinian money in the Palestinian territories, although this last restriction no longer applies to the west bank. But the average income was low because of the political situation in the country of the Palestinian peoples, israeli checkpoints, the west bank wall, and the 2006 freeze of Palestinian money in the Palestinian territories, although this last restriction no longer applies to the west bank. In addition, the ancestors of the former landowners lived on another business, whether it was a restaurant or some other business, or simply a business. The average income was low because of the political situation in the country of the Palestinian peoples, israeli checkpoints, the west bank wall, and the 2006 freeze of Palestinian money in the Palestinian territories, although this last restriction does not apply to the west bank. Besides, there was no shortage in the village. The village is home to the ladies’ society of the Jifna, which offers health and recreation for women and children. The ancestors of the former owners lived on another business, whether it was a restaurant, a small business, or simply a business. The ancestors of the former owners lived on another business, whether it was a restaurant, a small business, or simply a business. And the ancestors of the former owners lived on another business, whether it was a restaurant, a small business, or a trade. Besides, the village was not deserted. The village was home to the ladies’ club of jifna, a club of women who offer health and leisure activities for women and children. The village was also home to the Ladies’ Society of jifna, which offered health and leisure activities for women and children. The ancestors of the former owners lived on another business, whether it was a restaurant, a business, or simply a trade. Besides, there was no shortage in the village. The ancestors of the former owners lived on another business, whether it was a restaurant, a small business or simply a business. And the ancestors of the former owners lived on another business, whether it was a restaurant, a small business or a business. And the ancestors of the former owners lived on another business, whether it was a restaurant, a business, or a business. The average income was low because of the unstable political situation in the Palestinian peoples, israeli checkpoints, the west bank wall, and the 2006 freeze of Palestinian money in the Palestinian territories, although this last restriction no longer applies to the west bank. The village is home to the ladies' club of the Jifna, which offers health and leisure activities for women and children. The village also houses the Ladies' Club of the Jifna, which offers health and leisure activities for women and children. The ancestors of the former owners lived on another occupation, whether it was a restaurant, a small business or a trade. The ancestors of the former owners lived on another occupation, whether it was a restaurant, a small business or a trade. The ancestors of the former owners lived on another occupation, whether it was a restaurant, a small business or a trade. The ancestors of the former owners lived on another occupation, whether it was a restaurant, a small business or a trade. The ancestors of the former owners lived on another occupation, whether it was a restaurant, a small business or a trade. And the ancestors of the former owners lived on another occupation, whether it was a restaurant, a small business or a trade. The ancestors of the former owners lived on another occupation, whether it was a restaurant, a small business or a trade. Besides, there was no shortage in the village. Besides, the village was not deserted. The village was home to the ladies' club of Jifna, a women's club that offers health and leisure activities for women and children. But there was no shortage in the village. The village was home to the ladies' society of jifna, which offers health and leisure for women and children. The ancestors of the former owners lived in another business, whether it was a restaurant, a business or a trade. Besides, the ancestors of the former owners lived in another business, whether it was a restaurant, a business or a trade. Moreover, the ancestors of the former owners lived in another business, whether it was a restaurant, a business or a trade. The ancestors of the former owners lived in another business, whether it was a restaurant, a business or a trade. The average income was low because of the political situation in the country of the Palestinian peoples, israeli checkpoints, the west bank wall, and the 2006 freeze of Palestinian money in the Palestinian territories, although this last restriction does not apply to the west bank. The average income was low because of the political situation in the country of the Palestinian peoples, israeli checkpoints, the west bank wall, and the 2006 freeze of Palestinian money in the Palestinian territories, although this last restriction no longer applies to the west bank. The village was also home to the ladies' club of jifna, which offers health and recreation activities for women and children. The ancestors of the former owners lived on another business, whether it was a restaurant, a business, or a trade. Besides, there was no shortage in the village. The ancestors of the former owners lived on another business, whether it was a restaurant, a business, or a trade. Moreover, the ancestors of the former owners lived on another business, whether it was a restaurant, a business or a trade. Besides, there was no shortage in the village. The village is home to the ladies' society of jifna, which offers health and leisure activities for women and children. The village is home to the ladies' society of jifna, which offers health and leisure activities for women and children. “There is a legend among the inhabitants of Jifna that the holy family rests near an oak tree in the town when they leave from Jerusalem. The legend stems from the city’s location, in the ancient jerusalem— – nazaret road. A mountain near the village was called the Jabal Adj-Jakta (The ‘Monster’s Peak’) in a legend of its own. ‘There’s a legend among the inhabitants of Jifna that the holy family rested near an oak tree in the town when they went away from Jerusalem. The legend is connected with the city’s location on the ancient jerusalem—Nazaret Road. There’s a mountain that the town was named Jabal Adjakta—and it was called in a different legend. A jew, a Jew, had visited Jerusalem during the passion. Seeing the Lord rise from the dead, he immediately converted and told his wife what he saw. “There is a legend among the inhabitants of Jifna that the holy family rests near an oak tree in the town as they depart from Jerusalem. It originates from the city’s location on the ancient jerusalem–Nazaret Road. There is a mountain near the village called Jabal Adjakta, the Monstrous Mountain, according to a different legend. There is a legend about the spring that the village uses for centuries, which is periodically overflowing with water. There is also a legend about the local spring, which the village has been relying on for centuries, regarding a periodic deficiency of water. here a few lines of the story were recited in the monasteries, along with other Bible stories. A Jew, a Jew, had visited Jerusalem during the passion. He saw the Lord rise from the dead and immediately converted, telling his wife what he had seen. In the city, in the ancient-Judet road, there is a mountain called Jabal Adjakta (the monster’s throne), in a different legend. “There is a legend among the inhabitants of Jifna that the holy family rests near an oak tree when they leave Jerusalem, and this legend relates to the city’s location on the ancient-Jerusalem–Nazaret road. There is a legend about the local spring, which the village has been using for centuries, which occasionally fills with water, and another legend about the local spring, which the village has been using for centuries, and which can sometimes run out of water. According to the archaeologist Tawfiq Canaan, “When the priests go to a dry spring to pray and burn incense, they can reconcile the djinniye or push her to allow the water to flow.” A Jew, a Jew, had visited Jerusalem during the passion; he saw the Lord rise from the dead, and at once converted and told his wife what he had seen. This legend is connected with the city’s location on the ancient jerusalem–nazaret road; a mountain near the village was called the Jabal Adjakta, the Monstrous Mountain, and the story of its own kind is also told. The local inhabitants of Jifna say that the holy family is sitting near an oak in the city as they leave Jerusalem. This is related to the city’s location in the old Jerusalem—Nazaret Road. A mountain near the city called the Jabal Adjakta is called in a different story. There is a legend of the local spring, which the village uses for centuries, which is occasionally full of water, and another legend about the local spring, which the village is using for centuries and which runs out of water at times. There is a legend about the local spring, which the village has been using for centuries, and which occasionally becomes full of water, and a legend about the local spring which the village uses for centuries and can sometimes run out of water. The town of Jifna is named in the ancient Jerusalem road. In Jifna there is a mountain called Jabal Adjakta—it was called in a different legend. A Jew, a Jew, had visited Jerusalem in the passion, saw the Lord rise from the dead and immediately converted and told his wife what he saw. In Jifna, in the ancient Jerusalem road, there is a mountain called Jabal Adjakta, which was named in a different legend. A Jew, a Jew, had visited Jerusalem in the passion, saw the Lord rise from the dead and immediately converted, telling his wife what he saw. There is a legend about the tavern that the holy family is resting at the oak tree when they leave Jerusalem, and it is connected with the city’s position on the ancient Jerusalem–Nazaret road. The priests of the village said: "The avengers of Jifna say that the Patriarchs of the city are sitting on an oak tree in the city when they leave Jerusalem, that they are walking away from Jerusalem. There is a legend that the village has a spring that fills at regular intervals, and another legend that the spring fills at regular intervals.'There is a legend that the holy family is sitting on an oak tree when they leave Jerusalem, and that it is linked with the old Jerusalem--Nazaret Road. It is related to the old Jerusalem--Nazaret Road. The village of Jifna is called on the ancient Jerusalem road. There is a mountain called Jabal Adjakta, which is called in a different legend. The people of Jifna say that the holy family is sitting on the tree at the oak tree when they leave Jerusalem, and this is connected with the old Jerusalem--Nazaret Road. In the old Jerusalem--nazaret Road, a mountain called Jabal Adjakta is called in a different legend. A Jew, a Jew, visited Jerusalem in the passion, saw the Lord rise from the dead and immediately converted and told his wife what he saw. The people of Jifna say that the holy family is sitting at the oak tree when they leave Jerusalem, and this is connected with the old Jerusalem--Nazaret Road. There is a legend of the village spring, which the village has used for centuries, which is often full of water, and another legend of the village spring, which is used for centuries and often becomes full of water. The church says that the spring is used for centuries, and fills with water; and there is another legend about the local spring, which the village uses for centuries, and sometimes runs out of water. The Jifna city is named in the ancient Jerusalem road. In Jifna there is a mountain called Jabal Adjakta, and it is called in a different legend. The Jew, a Jew, visited Jerusalem in the passion; he saw the Lord rise from the dead, and immediately converted and told his wife what he saw. The old man in the tavern said that the Patriarchs were sitting at the oak tree when they A Jew, a Jew, visited Jerusalem in the passion, saw the Lord rise from the dead, and he at once converted and told his wife what he saw. In Jifna, on the ancient Jerusalem road, there is a mountain called Jabal Adjakta, which is called in a different legend. The town of Jifna is called in the ancient Jerusalem road, and the mountain called Jabal Adjakta is called in a different legend. The Jew, a Jew, came to Jerusalem in the passion, saw the Lord rise from the dead, and immediately converted and told his wife what he saw. In the city, on the ancient Jerusalem road, there is a mountain called Jabal Adjakta, which is called in a different legend. There is a legend of the village spring, which the village has been using for centuries, that it is sometimes full of water, and another legend about the village spring, which the village has been using for centuries, that it is filled with water, and there is a legend about the village spring, which is used for centuries, and can be filled in the midst of water. According to the archaeologist Tawfiq Canaan, “When priests go to a dry spring to pray and burn incense, they can reconcile the Djinnie or push the water out. This is also linked to the town of Jifna, on the ancient Jerusalem-Nazaret Road. There is a legend about the family that sits on an oak tree, when they leave Jerusalem, and it is connected with the old Jerusalem-Nazaret Road; there is a legend about the village spring, which is used for centuries and sometimes gets full of water, and another legend about the village spring, which is used for centuries and sometimes gets full of water. There is a legend about the local spring, which is used for centuries and fills with water, and another legend about the village spring, which is used for centuries and is often full of water; the church says that the spring is used for centuries and gets full of water, and another legend about the village spring, which is used for centuries and often runs out of water. There is a legend about the village spring, which is used for centuries and fills with water, and another legend about the village spring, It is a feast to be held in the first week of May. And from the first week of May, people from the west bank have gathered to enjoy the harvest... The festivals are also used by the palestinian politicians as an occasion to give speeches praising the palestinian farmers, encouraging boycotts of israeli goods and reliance on domestic agriculture... - This is the feast to be held in the first week of May, and the people from the west bank gather for the harvest... The Rabbana municipality is governed by a village council consisting of ten members, of whom the chairman is a judge. The decision is approved by the then prime minister. The Rabbana municipality is governed by a village council composed of ten members, of whom the chairman is a judge. Hence the decision is passed by the then prime minister., from the first week of May, and people on the west bank gathered to enjoy the harvest. They held their assemblies in the spring, at the end of May, and in the first week of May, people on the west bank gathered to celebrate the harvest. They gathered from the first week of May, and from the first week of May, the people from the west bank gathered to enjoy the harvest. In 2006 jabi na im kamil was elected chairman, and the badil (an alternative) list—which is a left-wing alliance of the democratic opposition to the liberation of palestine and the peasant people —to gain the most seats. Then jabi na im kamil was elected president in 2005, and the badil (an alternative) list—which consists of a leftist alliance of the democratic opposition to the liberation of palestine and the peasant people —had won the most seats. And the harvest was to be seen on the first week of May, and from the first week of May, the people of the west bank gathered to enjoy the harvest. The Rabbana municipality is governed by a village council composed of ten members, of whom the chairman is a judge. The decision is made by the then prime minister. In the spring, at the end of May, the people of the west bank gathered to celebrate the harvest. From the first week of May, people of the west bank gathered to celebrate the harvest. In the second week of May, the people of the west bank gathered to enjoy the harvest. In 2006 jabi na im kamil was elected president, and the badil (an alternative) - an alliance of the democratic opposition to the liberation of the peasant and the people - won the most seats. - The staff of the school comprises eight teachers and two nuns, and four teachers for the kindergarten. The students who have graduated from the school commute daily to Ramallah or the third week to the university - the university - is in the vicinity...