 He was a matriarch of the Piedras Negras, a former Canary population in Guatemala. ha k k k k xook, left several monuments, such as stelae in Piedras negras, and a stone fragment from el porvenir. Moreover, a stone seat, known as throne, was erected by k k k k ii, and that is where ha k k k k k k ii was killed or abdicated. Archaeologists and Mayans have not settled on this. The earth he carved was a replica of the rock which he took from el porvenir, and was there that the king killed him or he went. The Emperor had left several monuments, including stelae in Piedras negras, and a stone fragment from El Porvenir. Ha K K K K K Xook, whose name has also been referred to as the Lord of Piedras Negras, was likely the son of itzam k an ahk ii, according to the translation of the stelae of stelae 23. The emperor left many monuments, including stelae in Piedras negras and a stone fragment from El Porvenir. Ha K K K K K K Xook, also known as the lord of Piedras negras, was probably the son of the itzam k an ahk ii, as he was known in the translation of the stelae of stelae 23. Ha K K K K K Xook, who was also called the Lord of Piedras negras, was probably the son of itzam k an ahk ii, according to the translation of stelae 23. Then he built a stone throne, called throne, on the 14th of february, 767 ad (9 ).... The emperor had left several monuments, including stelae in Piedras negras and a stone fragment from El Porvenir. The Emperor left many monuments, including stelae in Piedras negras and a stone fragment from El Porvenir. The emperor also left stelae in Piedras negras and a stone fragment from El Porvenir. Ha K K K K K K K Xook, also called the lord of Piedras negras, was probably the son of the king itzam k an ahk ii, according to the translation of stelae 23..... Ha K K K K K K K Xook, also known as the lord of Piedras negras, was probably the son of king itzam k an ahk ii, according to the translation of stelae 23. He built a stone throne, called throne, on the 14th of february, 767 ad (11). He died in the kingdom of his brother yo nal ahk iii. ... It is impossible to establish a claim to the rulership of Ha K K K K K K Xook. He was a matriarch of the Piedras Negras, a former Canary colony in Guatemala. He carved the ground a replica of the rock that he took from El Porvenir and it was there that the king killed him or left him. Ha K K K K K K K Xook, also known as the ruler of Piedras Negras, was probably the son of the king itzam k an ahk ii, as the translation of stelae 23 says. Ha K K K K K K K K Xook, also called the ruler of Piedras Negras, was probably the son of itzam k an ahk ii, according to the translation of stelae 23. The emperor also left stelae in Piedras Negras and a stone fragment from El Porvenir. The emperor also left stelae in Piedras Negras and a stone fragment from El Porvenir. The emperor left many monuments, including stelae in Piedras Negras and a stone fragment from El Porvenir. He built a stone throne, called throne, on the 14th of february, 767 ad (Ad 23). The emperor left many monuments, including stelae in Piedras Negras and a stone fragment from El Porvenir. *, and james l. fitzsimmons claims that Ha-k-in-xook seemed to be weaker than he was in the reign of Itzam k-an-ahk ii, because Ha-k-in-xook erected a few monuments and didn't really use his power to further his power, and he was only used to strengthen his power in the local regions. The only important recorded event that exists in the life of Ha-k-in-xook is an incident that took place at El Cayo, probably related to the burial of a contemporary sajal. There is no great recorded event that is left in the life of Ha-k-in-xook but a graveyard at El Cayo, probably related to the burial of a contemporary sajal. He says that Ha-k-in-xook was less powerful than he had been during the reign of Itzam k-an-ahk ii because he had built a few monuments, but not in order to be used for furthering his power and he was only useful for strengthening his power in the regions he ruled., and he would not have given up his reign on March 24, 780 ad-et-ci-13 (indeed, as it were, about the murder or abdication of a father) “And so he claims that Ha-k-in-xook seemed weaker than he had been in the reign of Itzam – an – ii because he erected a few monuments and did not really use them to advance his own power, and they were only used to strengthen his power in the country he ruled. There is no great event left in the life of Ha-k-in-xook but a burial at El Cayo, perhaps relating to the burial of a contemporary sajal. There is no great event in the life of Ha-k-in-xook, but a graveyard at El Cayo, probably related to the burial of a contemporary sajal..... he says that Ha-k-in-xook was less powerful than he had been during the reign of Itzam-an-ahk-ii, for he had built a few monuments but not in order to use them to advance his power, and that he was only used to strengthen his power in the regions he ruled. There is no significant event in the life of Ha-k-in-xook but a burial at El Cayo, probably related to the burial of a contemporary sajal. But there is no great event in the life of Ha-k-in-xook but a burial at El Cayo, probably related to the burial of a contemporary sajal. He claims that Ha-k-in-xook seemed to be weaker than he had been in the reign of Itzam-an-ak-ii, because he erected a few monuments, but not to further his power, and he only used them to strengthen his power in the region he ruled. It is stated that Ha-k-in-xook was weaker than he had been in the reign of Itzam-an-ak-ii, because he erected a few monuments, but not to promote his power, and he was only used to strengthen his power in the regions he ruled. " This is why the history of Ha-k-in-xook has been disputed. Some say that the reign ended with his abdication. He said that Ha-k-in-xook was weaker than he had been during the reign of Itzam-an-ak-ii because he erected a few monuments but did not intend to advance his power, and that he only used them to strengthen his power in the area he ruled. There is no significant event in the life of Ha-k-in-xook, but a burial at El Cayo, probably related to the burial of a contemporary sajal. * he said that Ha-k-in-xook was less powerful than he had been during the reign of Itzam-an-ak-ii because he had erected a few monuments but not to strengthen his power and that he was only used to strengthen his power in the country he ruled. But he says that Ha-k-in-xook seemed to be weaker than he had been in the reign of Itzam-an-ak-ii, because he had erected a few monuments but not to build a foundation for his power and that he was only used to strengthen his power in the areas he ruled. The only important event that remains in the life of Ha-k-in-xook is a burial at El Cayo, probably relating to the burial of a contemporary sajal. The author also noted that the word “comes with more activity” implies more activity on the part of the ruler, but that “to lose” is perhaps more neutral. However, the precise word on the monument is yaktaaj ajawlel, which is the same word used when the “weight” of authority passed from k-aak-tiliw chan yopaat, the “king ahk-uah” of quirigua to his successor yopaat in ten days after his death. And so, he said, that Ha-k-in-xook seemed weaker than he had been during the reign of Itzam-an-ak-ii, because he had erected a few monuments, but did not intend to promote his power, and he was only used to strengthen his power in the regions he ruled. But he said that Ha-k-in-xook seemed weaker than he had been during the reign of Itzam-an-ak-ii because he had erected a few monuments but did not intend to promote his power and that he was only used to strengthen his power in the regions he ruled. This is why the history of Ha-k-in-xook is disputed. Besides, the author observed that the word "evolved" suggests more activity of the ruler, but that the word "delayed" is less neutral. "Then, when it comes to the king of Itzam an ak-ii, Ha-k-in-xook was weaker than he had been during the reign of Itzam-an-ak-ii because he erected some monuments but not to advance his power, and he was only used to strengthen his power in the region. He said that Ha-k-in-xook was weaker than he had been during the reign of Itzam-an-ak-ii, because he erected some monuments but not to promote his power and he only used them to strengthen his power in the region. - The author also noted that the word "to go" is more or less neutral, and "to go" is less neutral. - He said that Ha-k-in-xook was weaker than he was during the reign of Itzam-an-ak-ii, because he erected a few monuments, but not to build a foundation for his power, and he only used them to strengthen his power in the area he ruled. ' I know that'he was indeed thinking about that place and that he could weep at the memory of Ha'k in xook,' according to anthropologist oswaldo chinchilla mazariegos. - " However, I can confirm that K'inich yat ahk ii took the throne on may 31, 781 ad. “I know that he did indeed think of this place and weep over the memory of Ha’k in Xook,” says anthropologist oswaldo chinchilla mazariegos. “I know he was thinking of that place and mourning for Ha’k in Xook,” says anthropologist oswaldo chinchilla mazariegos. “I know that he thought of that place and that he could weep over the memory of Hak in Xook,” says anthropologist oswaldo chinchilla mazariegos. “I know that he thought of that place and that he could weep over the memory of Hak in Xook,” says anthropologist oswaldo chinchilla mazariegos. “I know that he was thinking about that place and that he could weep over the memory of Hak in Xook,” says anthropologist oswaldo chinchilla mazariegos. I know that he thought of this place and thought of the memory of Hak in Xook,' says anthropologist oswaldo chinchilla mazariegos.'I know that he thought about this place and thought about the memory of Hak in Xook,' says anthropologist oswaldo chinchilla mazariegos.'I know that he thought about this place and cried about Hak in Xook,' says anthropologist oswaldo chinchilla mazariegos.'I know that he thought about this place and weep over the memory of Hak in Xook,' says anthropologist oswaldo chinchilla mazariegos. "I know that he thought about this place and weep over the memory of Hak in Xook," says anthropologist oswaldo chinchilla mazariegos. ' I know that he thought about this place and that he could weep over the memory of Hak in Xook," says anthropologist oswaldo chinchilla mazariegos. "I know that he thought about this place and that he could weep over the memory of Hak in Xook," says anthropologist oswaldo chinchilla mazariegos. "I know that he thought about this place and that he could weep over the memory of Hak in Xook," says anthropologist oswaldo chinchilla mazariegos. "I know that he thought about this place and that he can weep over the memory of Hak in Xook," says anthropologist oswaldo chinchilla mazariegos. "I know that he thought about this place and that he can weep over the memory of Hak in Xook," says anthropologist oswaldo chinchilla mazariegos., "I know that he thought about this place and that he can weep over the memory of Hak in Xook," says anthropologist oswaldo chinchilla mazariegos. I know that he thought of this place and he thought about the memory of Hak in Xook,” says anthropologist oswaldo chilla mazariegos. “I know that he thought about this place and he thought about Hak in Xook,” says anthropologist oswaldo chilla mazariegos. “I know that he thought about this place and he thought about Hak in Xook,” says anthropologist oswaldo chilla mazariegos. “I know that he thought about this place and that he could weep over the memory of Hak in Xook,” says anthropologist oswaldo chilla mazariegos. “I know that he thought about this place and that he could weep over the memory of Hak in Xook,” says anthropologist oswaldo chinchilla mazariegos. ”I know that he thought about this place and that he could weep over the memory of Hak in Xook,” says anthropologist oswaldo chinchilla mazariegos. “I know that he thought about this place and that he can weep over the memory of Hak in Xook,” says anthropologist oswaldo chinchilla mazariegos. “I know that he thought about this place and that he could weep over the memory of Hak in Xook,” says anthropologist oswaldo chinchilla mazariegos. “I know that he thought about this place and that he could weep over the memory of Hak in Xook,” says anthropologist oswaldo chinchilla mazariegos. “I know that he thought about this place and that he could weep over the memory of Hak in Xook,” says anthropologist oswaldo chinchilla mazariegos. “I know that he thought about this place and that he could weep over the memory of Hak in Xook,” says anthropologist oswaldo chinchilla mazariegos. “I know that he thought about this place and that he could weep over the memory of Hak in Xook,” says anthropologist oswaldo chinchilla mazariegos. “I know that he thought about this place and that he could weep over the memory of Hak in Xook,” says anthropologist oswaldo chinchilla mazariegos. “I know that he thought about this place and that he could weep over the memory of Hak in Xook,” says anthropologist oswaldo chinchilla mazariegos. “I know that he thought about this place and that he could weep over the memory of Hak in Xook,” says anthropologist oswaldo chinchilla mazariegos. “I know that he thought about this place and that he could weep over the memory of Hak in Xook,” says anthropologist oswaldo chinchilla mazariegos. And, however, archaeologist Sylvanus Morley claimed that this period contained a calendar date of six ahaw 13 k ayab (which corresponds to a long Count date of nine ayab... ] And a field archaeologist Sylvanus Morley claimed that the period consisted of a calendar date of six ahaw 13 k ayab (which corresponds to the Count of nine ayab.) And yet an archaeologist, Sylvanus Morley, remarked that the period was of a calendar date of six ahw 13 k ayab (that is, a Count of nine ayab.) and a field archaeologist, Sylvanus Morley, found that the period consisted of a calendar date of six ahw 13 k ayab (that is, the Count of nine ayab., [73]..., in the reign of xook And yet the archaeologist Sylvanus Morley pointed out that this period consisted of a calendar date of six ahaw 13 k ayab (that is, of nine ahab.) And a field archaeologist Sylvanus Morley found that the period consisted of a calendar date of six ahaw 13 k ayab (that is, of nine aha)... In the reign of xook the greatest part of the monument is a foreground panel with two feet on it. Similar to stela 18, martin and grube argue that stela 23 dates to the reign of xook because the date on the monument coincides with the date on stela 13. And yet an archaeologist, Sylvanus Morley, observed that the period was six ahaw 13 k ayab (that is, the count of nine ayab.), and a field archaeologist, Sylvanus Morley, concluded that the period was six ahaw 13 k ayab (that is, the count of nine ayab.). But archaeologist Sylvanus Morley asserted that the period consisted of a calender date of six ahw 13 k ayab (that is, the calender date of nine ah). And a field archaeologist Sylvanus Morley asserted that the period consisted of a calender date of six ahw 13 k ayab (that is, nine ah). And a field archaeologist Sylvanus Morley asserted that the period consisted of a calender date of six ahw 13 k ayab (that is, nine ah). And a field archaeologist Sylvanus Morley asserted that the period consisted of a calender date of six ahw 13 k ayab (that is, nine ah). Similar to stela 13, martin and grube assert that stela 23 was erected in the reign of xook because the date on the monument coincided with that on stela 13. And yet an archaeologist Sylvanus Morley pointed out that the period consisted of six ahw 13 k ayab (that is, nine ah). Yet, Archaeologist Sylvanus Morley declared that the period consisted of a calendar date of six ahaw 13 k ayab (that is, a Count of nine aha). Moreover, Archaeologist Sylvanus Morley asserted that the period consisted of a calendar date of six ahaw 13 k ayab (that is, nine aha). But, Archaeologist Sylvanus Morley affirmed that the period consisted of six ahaw 13 k ayab (that is, nine aha). Similar to stela 18, martin and grube assert that stela 23 was erected in xook, because the date on the monument coincided with the date on stela 13. And yet, Archaeologist Sylvanus Morley asserted that the period consisted of six ahaw 13 k ayab (that is, nine aha). And a field archaeologist Sylvanus Morley asserted that the period consisted of six ahaw 13 k ayab (that is, nine aha). And in addition to the old objects and relics of the site, a fragment of stone found in El Porvenir and appropriately called 'the fragment of El Porvenir' was also found that bore the name of ha-k-in xook... But, as the king himself pointed out, it was not the king himself who built the throne, but his successor k - inich yat ahk ii. The throne was later deliberately broken up by the enemies of Piedras negras's enemies, but since then it has been rebuilt...