 The Glasgow champion mcnichol (August 20, 1925 – March 17, 2007) was a scottish footballer who played over 500 games in the English football league. He played as a flanker for brighton & hove albion and more than 200 for chelsea and crystal palace. mcnichol graduated from his apprenticeship as a football mechanic in his native scotland to a professional contract with the English First Division club Newcastle united. The Glasgow champion mcnichol (August 20, 1925 – March 17, 2007) was a scottish footballer, who played over 500 games in the English league, playing as a flanker for Brighton & Hove Albion and more than 200 for Chessington Palace and Crystal Palace. Mcnichol graduated from a coaching apprenticeship in his native scotland and signed for the English first division club Newcastle United. After two years he had found success with the reserve squad but was never chosen to the first eleven. Brighton & Hove Albion, a struggling team in the third division, broke their record to sign him. The Glasgow champion mcnichol (August 20, 1925 – March 17, 2007) was a Scottish footballer who played over 500 games in the English football league, playing flanker for Brighton & Hove Albion, and more than 200 for Chessington Palace and Crystal Palace. Mcnichol graduated from a coaching apprenticeship in his native lands and signed for the English first division club Newcastle United. He was hired as a defender for Brighton & Hove Albion and for Chessington Palace and Crystal Palace. He was also a player for Brighton and Hove Albion, a great champion in the 1954–55 season. In 1958 he joined Crystal Palace, and in the southern league became a player for the Tunbridge Wells Rangers. In 1958 he joined Crystal Palace, which he brought up to the fourth division and finished his scottish football career as a player at the northern league. After that he spent 25 years working in the commercial side of football with two clubs. The Glasgow champion mcnichol (August 20, 1925 – March 17, 2007) was a Scottish footballer who played over 500 games in the English league, playing flanker for Brighton & Hove Albion, and more than 200 for Chessington Palace and Crystal Palace. Mcnichol had recently graduated from a vocation as a football mechanic in his native land and signed with the English first division club Newcastle United. He had played for Brighton & Hove Albion, and won the scottish league in 1954 and 1955, and, in the South Division, played for Tunbridge Wells. In 1958, he joined Crystal Palace, and in the South Division became a player for the Tunbridge Wells Rangers. He had also played for Brighton and Hove Albion, a great champion in the 1954 season. He then went on to play for Newcastle Albion, which became a champion in the 1958 season. He was also a player for Brighton and Hove Albion, a great champion in 1954. He joined Crystal Palace, and at the same time he became a player for Chessington Palace and Crystal Palace. Mcnichol graduated from a coaching apprenticeship in his native country and was employed by the English first division club Newcastle United. He was employed as a defender for Brighton and Hove Albion, and more than 200 for Chessington Palace and Crystal Palace. Mcnichol, a scottish footballer, played over 500 games in the English league, playing a flanker for Brighton and Hove Albion, and more than 200 for Chessington Palace and Crystal Palace. He was a player for Brighton and Hove Albion, a great champion in 1954, then he went to Newcastle Albion, which became a great champion in 1958, and then again in 1958, joined Crystal Palace and a player for Tunbridge Wells. He played for the Albion team, which was a great champion in 1954, and then moved to the south division, where he was a player for Tunbridge Wells. The Glasgow champion mcnichol (August 20, 1925 – March 17, 2007) was a Scottish footballer who played in the English league, playing in the defender role for Brighton & Hove Albion, and more than 200 for Chessington Palace and Crystal Palace. Mcnichol had just graduated from the football-carrying apprenticeship in his native land and was employed by the English first division club Newcastle United. Mcnichol graduated from a coaching apprenticeship in his native land and signed with the English first division club Newcastle United. He became a defender for Brighton & Hove Albion and over 200 for Chessington Palace and Crystal Palace. In 1958 he joined Crystal Palace and in the South Division became a player for Tunbridge Wells. In 1958 he joined Crystal Palace and in the South Division became a player for the Tunbridge Wells Rangers. He was also a player for Brighton & Hove Albion, a great champion in the 1954 season. In 1958 he joined Crystal Palace and, in the South Division, became a player for the Tunbridge Wells Rangers. The old coachman mcnichol, a coachman in his native country, was employed by the English first division club Newcastle United. He was hired as a defender for Brighton & Hove Albion and more than 200 for Chessington Palace and Crystal Palace. The Glasgow champion mcnichol (August 20, 1925 – March 17, 2007) was a Scottish footballer who played in the English football league, playing as a flanker for Brighton and Hove Albion, and more than 200 for Chessington Palace and Crystal Palace. Mcnichol had just completed his apprenticeship in his native land and was employed by the English first division club Newcastle United. Mcnichol, a Scottish footballer, played in the English football league for over 500 games, playing as a flanker for Brighton and Hove Albion, and more than 200 for Chessington Palace and Crystal Palace. In 1958 he joined Crystal Palace and in the South Division became a player for Tunbridge Wells. During the second world war, mcnichol had been posted to the fleet air arm of clachnacuddin... because of the number of professionals stationed in the country, these matches were played at a high standard. He joined Crystal Palace, and then, in the South Division, became a player for Tunbridge Wells. In 1958, he joined Crystal Palace and in the South Division, became a player for Tunbridge Wells. Mcnichol had just graduated from a coaching apprenticeship in his native land and was hired by the English first division club Newcastle United. He was hired as a defender for Brighton & Hove Albion and more than 200 for Chessington Palace and Crystal Palace. The Glasgow champion mcnichol (August 20, 1925 - March 17, 2007) was a Scottish footballer who played over 500 games in the English league, played in the defender role for Brighton & Hove Albion and more than 200 for Chessington Palace and Crystal Palace. Mcnichol, a Scottish footballer, played over 500 games in the English league, playing flanker for Brighton & Hove Albion and more than 200 for Chessington Palace and Crystal Palace. During the second world war mcnichol returned to hurlford, but was a member of other clubs and accepted a trial with Newcastle United. During the Second World War, mcnichol was posted to the clachang air arm of the Clachnacuddin... because of the number of professionals in the country, these matches were held at a high level. Mcnichol graduated from a coaching apprenticeship in his native land and was employed by the English first division club Newcastle United. Mcnichol graduated from the coaching apprenticeship in his native land and was hired by the English first division club Newcastle United. Mcnichol, a Scottish footballer, played over 500 games in the English league, he played as a flanker for Brighton and Hove Albion and more than 200 for Chessington Palace and Crystal Palace. In 1958 he joined Crystal Palace and in the South Division became a player for Tunbridge Wells. In 1958 he joined Crystal Palace and became a player for Tunbridge Wells. In 1958 he joined Crystal Palace and became a player for Tunbridge Wells. The Glasgow champion mcnichol (August 20, 1925 – March 17, 2007) was a Scottish footballer, who played over 500 games in the English league, playing flanker for Brighton & Hove Albion and more than 200 for Chessington Palace and Crystal Palace. Mcnichol had just completed his apprenticeship in his native land and was hired by the English first division club Newcastle United. He was hired as a defender for Brighton & Hove Albion and more than 200 for Chessington Palace and Crystal Palace. In 1958 he joined Crystal Palace and, in the South Division, played for Tunbridge Wells. He played for the Albion team, which was great in 1954, and then moved to the South Division as a player for the East. In 1958 he joined Crystal Palace and, in the South Division, became a player for the East Division. During the second world war, mcnichol returned to hurlford, but he was a member of other clubs, and accepted a trial with Newcastle United. Mcnichol, a Scottish footballer, played in the English league, he played a flanker for Brighton and Hove Albion, and more than 200 for Chessington Palace and Crystal Palace. He signed professional documents on his 21st birthday. Mcnichol spent two years at Newcastle but never made his first-team appearances... behind the likes of england international forwardsroy bentley and len shackleton he made double his income working as a motor mechanic for a funeral director, whose ‘two or three rolls... by the way, I thought, were quite a good change from working on buses...’ M. Mcnichol, who had been with Newcastle for two years, did not make any first-team appearances... In his second season he was part of the reserve team, who won the Central League, but a disagreement over the terms of his contract renewal – the newcastle management felt a lower wage justified the player's other income outside the game – led M. Mcnichol to seek football abroad. He signed the contract on his 21st birthday. Brighton & Hove Albion had finished second in the South Division, and had not been able to pay its fair share of money, but manager Don Welsh persuaded the directors to break the record of transfer fees in the country, by paying five or six hundred thousand for a player who was yet to make his debut in the league, and persuaded him to sign a contract. He signed a contract on his 21st birthday. Mcnichol spent two years at Newcastle, but never made his first appearance... Behind the likes of england international playersroy bentley and len shackleton he earned twice as much as he did working as a motor mechanic for a funeral director, whose "two or three rolls... that's quite a nice change from a bus driver... " The club went on to finish sixth in the South Division in Mcnichol's first year, and eighth, despite having no regular goalkeeper - Mcnichol's nine goals made him the top scorer - in 1949 - 50. In his second season he was part of the reserve team, which won the Central League, but there was a dispute over the renewal of his contract - the Newcastle management considered that a lower wage justified the player's other income outside the game - which led Mcnichol to go abroad. In his second year, he was a member of the reserve team, who won the Central League, but the contract was disputed and the newcastle management - persuaded him to sign a contract. - M. Mcnichol played in all brighton's games, the only one who played, and again he became the top scorer in the league, this time with 14 goals. At the time, Mcnichol had been with the club for two years, but never did any first-team appearances. In his first season, Mcnichol was a member of the reserve team, who won the Central League, but a dispute broke out over the renewal of his contract—the Newcastle management considered a lower salary justified the player’s other income outside of the game—which led Mcnichol to seek football abroad. In his second year, he was a member of the reserve team, who won the Central League, but a dispute arose over his contract renewal—the Newcastle management considered that a lower wage justified the player’s other income outside of the game—so he went abroad. In his second year, he was a member of the reserve team, who won the Central League, but there was a dispute about the renewal of his contract—the Newcastle management thought that a lower wage justified the player’s other income outside the game—and brought him to seek football abroad. Mcnichol had been at Newcastle for two years but never made a first impression... he played in all Brighton’s games, and was again the leader of the team, and was considered by many to be the most stylish player to play for the albion... he played in every game at Brighton, the only one who played, and he was again the king of the team and “was considered the most stylish player to play for the albion “... ” Mcnichol, who had been with the club for two years, never made a first impression... he played in all Brighton’s games, but he was the king of the team, and again he was the top scorer, this time with 14 goals. The club, having won the South Division in Mcnichol’s first year and had not yet been able to pay for his transfer fee, compelled Mcnichol to sign a contract. In his second season he was in the reserve team, which won the Central League, but there was a dispute about the renewal of his contract - the Newcastle management thought a lower wage justified the player’s other income outside the game - led Mcnichol to go abroad. But Mcnichol spent two years at Newcastle, but he did not make his first appearance. He played in all the games at Brighton, but he was the leader and was regarded by many as the most stylish player to play for the albion... he played in all the games at Brighton, and he was the leader and again the king of the team, and was “considered the most stylish player to play for the albion...”, Mcnichol spent two years at Newcastle, but he did not make his first appearance. In his second year he was part of the reserve team, which won the Central League, but there was a dispute over the renewal of his contract, the Newcastle management thought a lower wage justified the player’s other income outside the game, and he signed a contract. In his second year he was part of the reserve team, which won the Central League, but a dispute arose over the renewal of his contract – the Newcastle management thought a lower wage justified the player’s other income outside the game – and brought Mcnichol to seek football abroad. He signed a contract on his 21st birthday. In his second year, Mcnichol was a member of the reserve team, who won the Central League, but a dispute about the renewal of his contract – the Newcastle management thought that a lower salary justified the player’s other income outside the game – led Mcnichol to seek football abroad. The club, having won the South Division in Mcnichol’s first year and having not yet been able to pay his transfer fee, compelled Mcnichol to sign a contract. The club, having won the South Division in Mcnichol’s first year, but was unable to pay for his transfer fee, compelled Mcnichol to sign a contract. In his second year he was part of the reserve team, who won the Central League, but a dispute arose over the renewal of his contract, the Newcastle management considered that a lower salary justified the player’s other income outside the game, which led him to seek football abroad. Mcnichol, who had been with the club for two years, had never made a first impression... he played in all Brighton’s games, but he was the king of the team and was again the “most stylish (b) in the league he had scored 39 goals from 165 games.... ) Also, the player jimmy ledbetter, a club record fee for albion. Although scouts from the big clubs had been watching the player from the very beginning - he had apparently turned down moves to Manchester, Everton, and Huddersfield - the supporters were disappointed, viewing the sale as a step backwards. , the player, jimmy ledbetter, who sold his albion, in a club record contract. Besides, the player jimmy ledbetter, a club record fee for albion. Although scouts from the big clubs had watched the player from the very beginning, which was quite evident that he had not accepted the offers of Manchester, Everton, and Huddersfield, the supporters were sorry for him, seeing the sale as a step forward. On his debut against Manchester United, mcnichol found himself playing at right back after ten minutes when a sickly clock broke. In the league he had scored 39 goals from 165 games (b) in the league he had scored 39 goals from 165 games. However, the player jimmy ledbetter, the player with the best contract. Although scouts from the big clubs had seen the player from the very beginning, which was quite evident that he had not accepted the offers of Manchester, Everton, and Huddersfield, the supporters were disappointed, considering the sale a step forward. In addition, the player jimmy ledbetter, the club record fee for albion. On his debut against Manchester United, mcnichol found himself at left-back after ten minutes when a low clock broke. At the first ball against Manchester, mcnichol found himself playing at right-back after ten minutes when a sickly clock broke. I saw him from the very beginning - he apparently turned down offers from Manchester, Everton and Huddersfield - the supporters were sorry for him, seeing the sale as a step forward. However, the player, jimmy ledbetter, a club record fee for albion. The player, jimmy ledbetter, sold his albion in a club record deal. Two seasons later, chelsea won the first division title for the first time - the two weeks later, mcnichol, the "most effective of their forwards", scored twice, as a chelsea team showed "an affinity for the man over the ball", beat tottenham hotspur, 4 - 2 and the title was confirmed with only one game to go. Despite the scouts from the big clubs, which clearly indicated that he had not accepted the offer from Manchester, Everton and Huddersfield, the supporters were sorry for him, seeing the sale as a step forward. However, jimmy ledbetter, the player with the best contract. Although scouts from the big clubs had seen the player from the very beginning, which was evident that he had not accepted the offers from Manchester, Everton and Huddersfield, the supporters were disappointed, considering the sale as a step forward. Two weeks later, mcnichol, "the most effective of their forwards", scored twice as a chelsea team showed "a propensity for being at the mercy of the ball " and beat tottenham hotspur, four - 2 and the title was confirmed. It was only the first time he had played at right back, and he had a drowsy clock. When he played his first game against Manchester, he had a drowsy clock and a low one. The first time he played at left back, he had a low clock. The second time he played at right back, he found himself playing at left back, after ten minutes when a low clock broke. Two seasons later, chelsea won the first division title for the first time in their history, mcnichol had scored 14 goals, a very good result for a player of his position, a man who normally plays more as a creator than as a scorer, but his profile on the website of chelsea characterized him as 'articulous, intelligent, and most of all a clinical finisher'. But the player jimmy ledbetter, a club record player. Although scouts from the big clubs had seen the player from the very beginning, which was quite evident that he had not accepted the offers of Manchester, Everton and Huddersfield, the supporters were sorry for him, and viewed the sale as a step forward. Although scouts from the big clubs had seen the player from the very beginning, which was quite evident that he had not accepted the offers of Manchester, Everton and Huddersfield, the supporters were sorry for him, considering the sale as a step forward. Despite the scouts from the big clubs, which clearly indicated that he had not accepted the offers of Manchester, Everton and Huddersfield, the supporters were sorry for him, seeing the sale as a step forward. Moreover, the player jimmy ledbetter, who sold his albion in a club record deal. As a result of his debut against Manchester, mcnichol found himself at left back after ten minutes when the clock was down. He had played the first game against Manchester when he was ten minutes drowsy. He had played the first game at left back when the clock was down. The first game he played against Manchester was a clock down and a low one, and he had played at left back for ten minutes when a low one fell. The second game he played at right back was a low one. Two weeks later mcnichol, the most effective of their forwards, scored twice, as a chelsea team showed "a natural affinity for the ball" and beat tottenham hotspur, four-nil, and the championship was sealed. The scouts from the big clubs had seen the player from the very beginning, which was quite evident that he had not accepted the offers of Manchester, Everton, and Huddersfield, the supporters were sorry for him, considering the sale a step forward. Although scouts from the big clubs had seen the player from the very beginning, which was quite evident that he had not accepted the offers of Manchester, Everton and Huddersfield, the supporters were sorry for him, considering the sale a step forward. Although scouts from the big clubs had seen the player from the very beginning, which was quite evident that he had not accepted the offers of Manchester, Everton and Huddersfield, the supporters were sorry for him, considering the sale a step forward. In a word, jimmy ledbetter, a club record player. The first time he played at left back, he had a low clock. The second time he played at right back, he had a low clock. Despite scouts from the big clubs, which clearly indicated that he had not accepted the offers of Manchester, Everton and Huddersfield, the supporters were sorry for him, considering the sale a step forward. Despite scouts from the big clubs, which clearly indicated that he had not accepted the offers of Manchester, Everton and Huddersfield, the supporters were sorry for him, and viewed the sale as a step forward. It turned out that he played for chelsea for 202 appearances and scored 66 goals., in all competitions, he made 202 appearances for chelsea and scored 66 goals. The result was that he played for chelsea for 202 appearances and scored 66 goals. The fact that he had played for chelsea for 202 appearances and scored 66 goals proved a scandal to drake... When he joined chelsea he decided to stay in the village... his wife connie, whom he had known since childhood, was the sole proprietor of the shop. This is how he did it, he played for chelsea for 202 appearances and scored 66 goals. In the final season he played for chelsea for 202 appearances and scored 66 goals. The fact that he played for chelsea for 202 appearances and scored 66 goals is a scandal for a drubber... In 1958, when he was still in school, his wife connie was the only one he knew. It turned out that he played chelsea 202 times and scored 66 times. He played chelsea 202 times and scored 66 times in all competitions. He played a total of 202 times for chelsea and scored 66 times. When he joined chelsea he decided to remain in the village... his wife Connie, whom he had known since childhood, was the only proprietor of the shop. When he joined chelsea he decided to stay in the village... his wife Connie, whom he had known since childhood, was the sole proprietor of the shop. He played in the final season for chelsea and scored 66 times. He scored his first goal for the club and made seven goals from the twelve games he played in the last half of the 1957-58 season. In the final season he played chelsea and scored 66 goals. When he joined chelsea he decided to stay in the village... his wife Connie, whom he had known since childhood, was the only proprietor of the shop. When he joined chelsea he decided to stay in the village... his wife Connie, whom he had known since childhood, was the only proprietor of the shop. When he joined chelsea he decided to stay in the village... his wife Connie, whom he had known since childhood, was the only owner of the shop. It turned out that he played chelsea 202 times and scored 66 times, in all competitions, he played 202 times for chelsea and scored 66 times. The fact that he played chelsea 202 times and scored 66 times proved to be a scandal to the drubber... As he grew older, his position in the bouncing circle became more defensive, he became a wing-back, then a full back. He made seven goals for the club and scored seven goals in the last half of the 1957-58 season. When he joined chelsea he decided to stay in the village... his wife Connie, whom he had known since childhood, was the only owner of the shop. He played chelsea for 202 appearances and scored 66 goals. When he joined chelsea he decided to stay in the village... his wife Connie, whom he had known since childhood, was the only proprietor of the shop. He played chelsea for 202 appearances and scored 66 times, he played chelsea for 202 appearances and scored 66 times. He played for chelsea for 202 appearances and scored 66 times. It turned out that he played chelsea for 202 appearances and scored 66 times. When he joined chelsea, he decided to stay in the village... his wife Connie, whom he had known since childhood, was the only owner of the shop. When he joined chelsea, he decided to stay in the village... his wife Connie, whom he had known since childhood, was the only owner of the shop. When he joined chelsea, he decided to stay in the village... his wife Connie, whom he had known since childhood, was the only owner of the shop. He scored his first goal for the club and scored seven goals in the twelve games he played in the last half of the 1957-58 season. During the past two seasons, he had been injured in his facial area, broken cheekbones and broken jaw, sustained during the winter of 1962 - 63 season. ... When he joined chelsea he decided to stay in the village... his wife Connie, whom he had known since childhood, was the only owner of the shop. When he joined chelsea he decided to stay in the village... his wife Connie, whom he had known since childhood, was the only owner of the shop. When he joined chelsea he decided to stay in the village... his wife Connie, whom he had known since childhood, was the only owner of the shop. When he joined chelsea he decided to stay in the village... his wife Connie, whom he had known since childhood, was the only owner of the shop. He played chelsea for 202 appearances and scored 66 times. He scored his first goal and scored seven goals in the twelve games he played in the last half of the 1957-58 season. When he joined chelsea he decided to stay in the village... his wife Connie, whom he had known since childhood, was the only owner of the shop. When he joined chelsea he decided to stay in the village... his wife Connie, whom he had known since childhood, was the only owner of the shop. When he joined chelsea he decided to stay in the village... his wife Connie, whom he had known since childhood, was the only owner of the shop. When he joined chelsea he decided to stay in the village... his wife Connie, whom he had known since childhood, was the only owner of the shop. For four years he was the head navigator of the tunbridge well-farerangers in the southern league. After he had sold the newsagents, he returned to crystal palace and was in charge of the business side. He was in charge of setting up weekly pools and the periodic bingo. He went back to brighton and hove albion, to be in charge of the club from 1979 to 1992, and after his retirement lived in the salt-dean part of brighton. For four years he was the head navigator of the tunbridge well-farerangers of the southern league. After selling the newsagents, he returned to the crystal palace and was in charge of the business. He set up weekly pools and put on monthly bingo. He stayed in brighton and had albion, to be head navigator of the club from 1979 to 1992, and after his retirement lived in the salt-dean part of brighton. Despite his success, Mcnichol had regrets. He described chelsea’s decision not to accept their invitation to participate in the inaugural season of the European Cup as his ‘one very large disappointment’ and “he thought it strange at the time ”, despite the scottish selection committees’ preference for players who play for the Scottish clubs, that he had never been selected to represent his country. he was the head navigator of the tunbridge well-farerangers of the southern league. After selling the newsagents he returned to the crystal palace and took over the business; he set up weekly pools and bingo parties. He stayed in brighton and had albion, to be president of the club from 1979 to 1992, and after retirement lived in the salt-dean part of brighton. He died of a stroke on 17 march 2007 at the age of 81. Despite his success, Mcnichol had some regrets. He described chelsea's decision not to accept their invitation to the inaugural season of the European Cup as a "great disappointment," and he “thought it strange at the time” (he had a preference for Scottish players who play for Scottish clubs) that he had never been selected to represent his country. Among the 24 former players and managers selected as "Albion legends" by brighton's centenary celebrations in 2001, he took an active part in it. The surviving members of chelsea's 1955 title winning team met annually for an annual dinner, and were guests of the club at the last match of the 2004 -05 season, when they celebrated their second league title, fifty years after the first. For four years he was the chief navigator of the tunbridge well-farerangers in the southern league. After he had sold the shops, he returned to the crystal palace and took charge of the business; he set up weekly pools and monthly bingo parties; he remained in brighton and had albion, who was president of the club from 1979 to 1992, and after he retired lived in the salt-dean part of the town. He died of a stroke on the 17th of March 2007 at the age of 81. Among the 24 former players and managers selected for the Centenary celebrations of Brighton in 2001, he took an active part. For four years he was the head navigator of the tunbridge well-farerangers of the southern league. After selling the newsagents, he returned to the crystal palace and took charge of the business. He set up weekly pools and put on monthly bingo. He remained in brighton and had albion, to be a navigator from 1979 to 1992 and after his retirement lived in the salt-dean section of Brighton. Among the 24 former players and managers chosen as “Albion legends” by brighton's centenary celebrations in 2001, he took part in it.