 otra nota (English: one note ), was the debut album of the american singer marc anthony which was released on 25 january 1993 by RMM records... Originally produced by sergio george, it was the first album by marc Anthony to be recorded in salsa, after he had begun his career as a freestyle musician. The recording of the album began after anthony entrusted rmm chief raeph mercado to record juan gabriel’s “Have te conoci” in salsa after he heard it on the radio on a taxi ride. otra nota (English: ‘one note’) was the debut album of the american singer marc anthony, which was released on 25 january 1993 by RMM Records. The album was produced by sergio george, and was the first to be recorded in salsa after his career as a freestyle musician. The recording began when anthony entrusted rmm president raeph mercado to record in salsa José Gabriel’s “Have te conoci” when he heard it on the radio during a taxi ride. The album “Another Tongue” (English: One Tongue) was the debut album of the american singer marc anthony, released on 25 January 1993 by RMM Records. The album was produced by sergio george, and was the first to be recorded in salsa after he had begun his career as a free-style musician. The recording of the album began after anthony had entrusted rmm chief raeph mercado to record Juan Gabriel’s “Another Tongue” in salsa when he heard it on the radio during a cab ride. The album was well received by critics, who praised the sound of sergio george’s production and the youthful voice of anthony, the album was also praised by the critics who praised the production and anthony’s youthful voice, anthony received two awards for “best new artist” at the Billboard Latin music awards and the lo nuestro awards. "Another Tongue" (English: "one note") was the debut album of the american singer marc anthony, released on 25 January 1993 by RMM Records. The album was recorded by sergio george, and was the first album of the american singer marc anthony, after his solo career as a freestyle musician. The album was produced by sergio george, and was the first to be recorded in salsa after his solo career. The album was recorded after anthony entrusted rmm.'s chief raeph mercado to record Juan Gabriel's "Have te conoci" on the radio when he heard it on the radio. The album was well received by critics, who praised the sound of sergio george's production and the youthful voice of anthony, and the album was praised by the critics who praised the production and anthony's youthful voice; anthony received two awards for best new artist at the Billboard Latin music awards and the lo nuestro awards. Anthony started his recording career in the 1980s as a 'freestyle' musician, with the other 'bands' such as raquez, with "Little Fire", which hit the number one at the billboard "music-trampocy" album. (English: one-note) was the debut album of the american singer marc anthony, released on 25 January 1993 by RMM Records. The album was produced by sergio george, and was the first album of the american singer marc anthony, after his solo career as a free-style musician. The album was recorded after anthony entrusted rmm. chief raeph mercado to record José Gabriel's "Have te conoci" on the radio during a cab ride. The album was well received by critics, who praised the sound of sergio george's production and the youthful voice of anthony, and the album was also praised by critics who praised the production and anthony's youthful voice, anthony received two awards for best new artist at the Billboard Latin music awards and the lo nuestro awards. The album "Another Tongue" (English: "One Tongue") was the debut album of the american singer marc anthony, released on 25 January 1993 by RMM Records. The album was recorded after anthony entrusted the manager of rm to record Juan Gabriel's "Have te conoci" on the radio when he heard it on the radio. The album was well received by critics, who praised the sound of sergio george's production and the youth of anthony, and the album was praised by critics who praised the production and the youth of anthony; anthony received two awards for "best new artist" at the Billboard Latin music awards and the lo nuestro awards. Anthony began his career as a free-style musician in the 80s, in the bands of raquez and with the "Little Fire"; that album hit number one on the chart of the 'radio trampocy'. But first, anthony entrusted rm. head raeph to record Juan Gabriel’s “Have te conoci” on the radio when he heard it on the radio. The album ‘Another Tongue” (English: One Tongue) was the debut album of the american singer marc anthony, released on 25 January 1993 by RMM Records. The album was released by sergio george, and was the first album of the american singer marc anthony after his career as a free-style musician. The album was released after anthony had entrusted rm.’s president to record Juan Gabriel’s ‘Have te conoci’ on the radio when he heard it on the radio. The album was well received by critics, who praised the sound of sergio george’s production and the youthful voice of anthony, and the album was also praised by critics who praised the production and the youthful voice of anthony, anthony was an award winner at the Billboard Latin Music Awards and the lo nuestro awards. The album “One Tongue” (English: One Tongue) was the debut album of the american singer marc anthony, released on 25 January 1993 by RMM Records. The album was recorded after anthony had entrusted rm.'s chief raeph mercado to record Juan Gabriel's “One Tongue” on the radio when he heard it on the radio. The album was well received by critics, who praised the sound of sergio george's production and the youthful voice of anthony, and the album was also praised by critics who praised the production and anthony's youthful voice, anthony received two awards for best new artist at the Billboard Latin music awards and the lo nuestro awards. The album was recorded after anthony entrusted rm.'s director to record Juan Gabriel's 'Have te conoci' on the radio when he heard it on the radio. The following day, in a taxi, anthony was listening to Juan Gabriel's "Have t The compositions and the lyrics are all accompanied by five compositions and three acoustic tracks... The first track, “palabras del alma” (the words of the soul) is a cover by ilan chester... They are accompanied by five compositions and three acoustic tracks. The first track, "palabras del alma" (The soul's words) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. " Si tu no te fueras" (If you were not to leave) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. " El ultimo beso" ( "if you did not want to leave") was composed by anthony's father felipe muniz. The first track, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The second track, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first track, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. They are accompanied by five compositions and three acoustic tracks. " Espero Beso" (if you don't want to leave) was composed by anthony's father felipe muniz. "Old boy, oh boy!" is a cover of a song by the American band bread. He’s been accosted by five compositions and three acoustic tracks. The first composition, palabras del alma, (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The second composition, palabras del alma, (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The second composition, palabras del alma, (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The music and lyrics, however, are accompanied by five compositions and three acoustic tracks. The first track, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. El ultimo beso (if you did not want to leave) was composed by anthony’s father felipe muniz. The last track, “Si he de morir” (if I were to die”) was composed by luis diaz. The first track, palabras del alma, (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The second track, palabras del alma, (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first track, palabras del alma, (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first track, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. El ultimo beso (ultimate) was composed by anthony’s father felipe muniz. ’s father felipe muniz. The first track, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The second track, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first track, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The second track, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The olfactory and the lyrics, however, are accompanied by five compositions and three acoustic tracks. The second track, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first track, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The second track, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first track, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first track, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first track, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first track, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first track, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. El ultimo beso (the last) was composed by anthony’s father felipe muniz. El ultimo beso (the last) was composed by anthony’s father felipe muniz. The first song, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The olfactory and lyrics, however, are accompanied by five compositions and three acoustic tracks. The first track, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first track, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first track, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The second track, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. El ultimo beso (the last) was composed by anthony’s father felipe muniz. The first song, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first song, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first song, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first song, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The second song, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first song, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first song, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first song, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The second song, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. One of the songs on the album was "Old Boy" (oh boy), by anthony's father felipe muniz. The first song, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first song, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first song, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first song, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first song, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first song, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first song, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first song, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first song, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first song, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first song, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first song, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The second song, palabras del alma (the words of the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime There are five compositions and three acoustic tracks: the first one, palabras del alma (the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The second one, palabras del alma (the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first one, palabras del alma (the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first one, palabras del alma (the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first one, palabras del alma (the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first one, palabras del alma (the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first one, palabras del alma (the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first one, palabras del alma (the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first one, palabras del alma (the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first one, palabras del alma (the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first one, palabras del alma (the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first one, palabras del alma (the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first one, palabras del alma (the soul) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The artist, however, said that, though there was much scepticism in the world of salsa, it was not impossible that Anthony was “the best of all the many new salseros...” lopetegui also said that Anthony’s vocals were “mere” and that the whole album was “deservingly accomplished.” And he also criticized Anthony’s cover of “Move with you” as unnecessary. The artist also said that Anthony’s vocals were ‘mere’ and that the whole album was ‘deservedly accomplished’.... The above credits are from allmusic... –