 At that time, the production was done by the newly formed mcgregors, in collaboration with the universal company. The short film, a silent comedy, was published by the factory in 1937. The screenplay is written by Allen curtis. The cast includes maxasher, lee morris, eddie boland, joseph singleton and bobby vernon. The mcgregors produced the short film, a silent comedy, in 1937. The screenplay is written by Allen curtis. The film was released in 1937 by the factory. The short film, a silent comedy, was published in 1937. The actors are maxasher, lee morris, eddie boland, joseph singleton, and bobby vernon. The film received some criticism for its vulgarity... When the production of the novel was finished, the newly formed mcgregors were commissioned by the Universal Company, and a ditty of silent comedy was published by the factory in 1937. The play was written by Allen Curtis. The ditty was produced by the mcgregors, in collaboration with the universal Company. The drama was written by Allen Curtis. The cast is maxasher, lee morris, Eddie boland, joseph singleton and bobby vernon. The ditty of the film was received with some criticism, - the ditty of the film received some criticism for its vulgarity... The characters of the film are maxasher, lee morris, eddie boland, joseph singleton and bobby vernon. The characters are maxasher, lee morris, eddie boland, joseph singleton and bobby vernon. The production was carried out by the new members of the company in cooperation with the Universal Company. The short film, a silent comedy, was published by the factory in 1937. The cast is maxasher, lee morris, eddie boland, joseph singleton, and bobby vernon. The two boys went to the dentist’s office but were kicked out. When the dentist departed on a cruise, the two boys joined the dentist in the office and knocked out. Then the owners returned to the offices and walked out again... The ditty received some criticism, - the ditty received some criticism for its vulgarity... The ditty received some criticism for its vulgarity... The ditty received some criticism for its vulgarity... The ditty received some criticism for its vulgarity... The ditty received some criticism for its vulgarity... The ditty was created by the mcgregors in cooperation with the universal company. The ditty was created by the mcgregors in collaboration with the universal company. The ditty was produced by the mcgregors, in cooperation with the universal company. The two go to the dentist’s office, only to be kicked out... The two go to the dentist’s office, but to be kicked out again. The production of the novel was finished, the newly formed mcgregors were commissioned by the Universal Company, and the ditty was published by the factory in 1937. The ditty was produced by the mcgregors in collaboration with the Universal Company. The ditty was produced by the mcgregors in cooperation with the Universal Company. The two boys went to the dentist's office, but were turned out. The two boys left the dentist's office, but were turned out again. The two boys went to the dentist's office, but they were turned out again. Then the owners returned to their offices and walked out again. The two boys went to the dentist's office, but they were turned out again. The two boys went to the dentist's office but they were turned out again. The two boys went to the dentist's office but were turned out again. The cast of the film was maxasher, lee morris, eddie boland, joseph singleton, bobby vernon. The bobby vernon character is maxasher, lee morris, eddie boland, joseph singleton and bobby vernon. The production was performed by the newly formed mcgregors in cooperation with the Universal Company. The mcgregors created the mcgregors in cooperation with the Universal Company. The production was undertaken by the newly formed mcgregors in cooperation with the universal company. The two boys went to the dentist’s office but were turned out; the two boys went to the dentist’s office but were turned out again. The two boys went to the dentist’s office, but were turned out again; the two boys went to the dentist’s office but were turned out again; the two boys went to the dentist’s office but were turned out again; the two boys went to the dentist’s office but were turned out again. The two boys went to the dentist’s office but were turned out again; the two boys went to the dentist’s office but were turned out again; the two boys went to the dentist’s office but were turned out again; the two boys went to the dentist’s office but were turned out again; the two boys went to the dentist’s office but were turned out again. The ditty was produced by the mcgregors in collaboration with the universal company. The ditty was produced by the mcgregors in collaboration with the universal company. The ditty was produced by the mcgregors in cooperation with the universal company; the drama was written by Allen Curtis; the cast was maxasher, lee morris, eddie boland, joseph singleton, and bobby vernon. The ditty was received with some criticism; bobby vernon received some criticism for its vulgarity; bobby vernon received some criticism for his vulgarity; bobby vernon received some criticism for his vulgarity... The ditty was produced by the mcgregors in collaboration with the universal company. The production was carried out by the new members of the company in collaboration with the universal company. The production was carried out by the mcgregors in cooperation with the universal company. The ditty was created by the mcgregors in cooperation with the universal company. The ditty was produced by the mcgregors in cooperation with the universal company. The ditty was created by the mcgregors in cooperation with the universal company. The ditty was created by the mcgregors in cooperation with the universal company. The two boys went to the dentist but were turned out again. The two boys went to the dentist but were turned out again. The two boys went to the dentist but were turned out again. The two boys went to the dentist but were turned out again. The two boys went to the dentist but were turned out again. The two boys went to the dentist but were turned out again. The two boys went to the dentist but were turned out again. The two boys went to the dentist but were turned out again. The two boys went to the dentist but were turned out again. The two boys went to the dentist but were turned out again. The mcgregors were formed in collaboration with the universal company. The mcgregors were formed in collaboration with the universal company. The mcgregors were created in collaboration with the universal company. The mcgregors created the mcgregors in collaboration with the universal company. The mcgregors were formed in collaboration with the universal company. The mcgregors created the mcgregors in collaboration with the universal company. The mcgregors created the mcgregors in collaboration with the universal company. The mcgregors created the mcgregors in collaboration with the universal company. The mcgregors produced the mcgregors in cooperation with the universal company. The mcgregors produced the mcgregors in cooperation with the universal company. The mcgregors produced the mcgregors in cooperation with the universal company. The mcgregors created the mcgregors in collaboration with the universal company. The mcgregors produced the mcgregors in cooperation with the universal company. The mcgregors produced the mcgregors in cooperation with the universal company. The mcgregors created the mcgregors in cooperation with the universal company. The mcgregors produced the mcgregors in cooperation with the universal company. The mcgregors produced the mcgregors in cooperation with the universal company. The mcgregors produced the mcgregors in cooperation with the universal company. The mcgregors created the The theater world condemned the film as a low-budget comedy, which had “a slightly disgusting” dental humor and with pincers and ice-cutters. A more direct review of the film’s comedy came from a letter to the editor of the film’s magazine, which expressed the opinion that the comedy’s humour was intended to alienate the audience and risk their continued patronage. The theatre world condemned the film as a cheesy little comedy with "a slightly disgusting" dental humor and with "ice-cutters" on the sets. A more direct review of the comedy came from a letter to the editor of the film's magazine, which stated that the comedy was intended to alienate the audience and risk their patronage. If the film had survived in Universal's vaults, it would have been deliberately destroyed along with the remaining copies of Universal's silent films in 1948. " The tramp dentists is believed to be lost, but the date of its disappearance is not known.