 — The Elephant Caves, which are a network of five sculpted caves, and the Mango Cave, which literally means ‘the City of Caves’, in the province of Madhwara, in the Indian state of Maharashtra. Elephant Caves, the largest of these caves, stand on the edge of the arabian sea. It is comprised of two separate caves: the first of which consists of five hindu caves, the second of which consists of two smaller caves — the two Buddha caves... “Eagle Caves,” a network of five galleries, “the Mango Cave,” “the City of Caves,” “in the province of Madhwara, in the Indian state of Maharashtra, (and also called Mango Cave, the city of caves), are located in the province of Madhwara, in the Indian state of Maharashtra, in the state of Madhwara. These caves were built in the fiveth and eighth centuries, and the stone sculptures constituted the shaiva caves, and the statues represented the Buddhist sect, named after the Lord Shiva. The rock-cut architecture of the caves is dated to the 5th and 8th centuries, but it is still unknown the identity of the builders. The Elephant Caves are a network of five sculpted caves, the Mango Cave, literally known as the City of Caves, in Madhura, Maharashtra, the province of Madhura. The Elephant Caves are a network of five caves, the Mango Cave, the city of caves, in Madhura, the Indian state of Maharashtra, in the state of Madhura. Elephant Caves, the largest of the five caves, is on the edge of the arabian sea. It contains two caves, the first of which contain five hindu caves, the second of which contain two smaller caves, the Buddha caves... Elephant Caves, the city of caves, a network of five galleries, the Mango Cave, the city of caves, located in Madhura, Maharashtra, and called Mango Cave, the city of caves, in the province of Madhura, in the province of Maharashtra, is located in the province of Madhura. The rock-cut architecture of these caves was built in the fifth and eighth centuries, the sculptures represented the shaiva caves, and the statues represented the Buddhist sect of the Siva. The main cave, the cave, which is known as the Great Cave, was a temple of the ancients, but after the Spanish rule began in 1534, the temple was torn down. The Elephant Caves, the city of the caves, is a network of five galleries, the Mango Cave, the city of the caves, in the province of Madhura, in the province of Madhura. The elephant caves are a network of five galleries, the Mango Cave, the city of the caves, in the province of Madhura, in the province of Madhura, the province of Madhura. The Elephant Caves, the city of the caves, is located in Madhura, the state of Maharashtra, in Madhura. The Elephant Caves are a network of five galleries, the Mango Cave, the city of the caves, in Madhura, in the state of Maharashtra, in Madhura. Elephant Caves, a network of five galleries, Mango Cave, in Madhura, in Maharashtra, in Madhura, a city of caves, in Madhura, in Madhura, and Mango Cave, a city of caves, in Madhura, in Madhura, is located in Madhura. Elephant Cave, the largest of the five, is on the edge of the arabian sea. The first of these caves consists of five hindu caves, the second of which consists of two smaller caves – the Buddha caves. The main cave, the great cave, was a temple of the ancients, but the Spanish dynasty collapsed in 1534. The main cave, the cave, which is called the Great Cave, was a temple of the ancients, but after the Spanish reign, it was torn down. "Azure Caves, the city of caves, located in Madhura, Maharashtra, Madhura. " This city of caves, known as 'the city of caves', is located in Madhura, Maharashtra, in Madhura. The elephant caves, the city of caves, is located in Madhura, in Maharashtra, in Madhura. Elephant Caves, the city of caves, is located in Madhura, in Maharashtra, in Madhura. Elephant Caves, the city of caves, is located in Madhura, in Maharashtra, in Madhura. The elephant caves are a network of five caves, the Mango Cave, in Madhura, in Maharashtra, called Mango Cave, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura. Elephant Caves, the city of caves, is a network of five caves, the Mango Cave, in Madhura, in Maharashtra, in Madhura. Elephant Cave, the city of caves, a network of five caves, Mango Cave, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, and Mango Cave, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura. The main cave, the Great Cave, was a temple of the ancients, but in 1534 the Spanish kingdom collapsed, and the Great Cave, the Great, was a temple of the ancients, but after the Spanish era, it was torn down. Elephant Cave, the city of the caves, is a network of five galleries, the Mango Cave, in Madhura, in Maharashtra, in Madhura. The Elephant Cave, the city of the caves, is a network of five galleries, the Mango Cave, in Madhura, in Maharashtra, in Madhura, and Mango Cave, in Madhura, in Madhura, is located in Madhura. The Elephant Cave, the city of the caves, is a network of five galleries, the Mango Cave, in Madhura, in Maharashtra, in Madhura, in Madhura. “Azure Caves, the city of caves, is located in Madhura, Maharashtra, in Madhura. Elephant Caves, the city of caves, is located in Madhura, Maharashtra, in Madhura, in Madhura, is the city of caves, Elephant Caves, in Madhura, in Maharashtra, in Madhura, Elephant Caves, the city of caves, is located in Madhura, in Maharashtra, in Madhura. The Elephant Caves, the city of caves, is located in Madhura, Maharashtra, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, and in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, the Elephant Caves, a city of caves, in Madhura, in Maharashtra, in Madhura, in Madhura. The Elephant Caves, the city of caves, are situated in Madhura, in Maharashtra, in Madhura. The Elephant Caves, the city of caves, are located in Madhura, Maharashtra, in Madhura, in Madhura. The Elephant Caves, the city of caves, are situated in Madhura, Maharashtra, in Madhura, and Mango Cave, the city of caves, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura. The Elephant Caves, the city of caves, are located in Madhura, in Maharashtra, in Madhura. Elephant Caves, the city of caves, are located in Madhura, in Maharashtra, in Madhura. Elephant Cave, the city of caves, is located in Madhura, Maharashtra, in Madhura, is a city of five caves, Mango Cave, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, and Mango Cave, in Madhura, in Madhura, is located in Madhura. The main cave, the Great Cave, was the temple of the ancients, but the Spanish kingdom collapsed in 1534; The Great Cave, the Great, was the temple of the ancients The Elephant Caves, the city of caves, is located in Madhura, Maharashtra, Madhura, Madhura, Madhura, Madhura. Elephant Caves, the city of caves, is located in Madhura, Maharashtra, Madhura. The Elephant Caves, the city of caves, is located in Madhura, Maharashtra, Madhura, Madhura, Madhura, Madhura,.. The Elephant Caves, the city of caves, is located in Madhura, Maharashtra, Madhura, Elephant Caves, a city of caves, Mango Cave in Madhura, Madhura, Madhura,, the city of caves in Madhura, a city of caves, in Madhura, Maharashtra, Madhura, elephant caves, elephant caves, 'Eagle Caves,' in Madhura, Maharashtra, Madhura, 'eagle Caves,' 'Eagle Caves,' in Madhura, Maharashtra, in Madhura, 'eagle Caves,' 'Eagle Caves,' in Madhura, Maharashtra, 'Eagle Caves,' in Madhura, Maharashtra, 'and 'the Elephant Caves,' in Madhura,'in Madhura, 'In Madhura, in Madhura,' 'eagle Caves,' in Madhura, Maharashtra, in Madhura, 'eagle Caves,' in Madhura, 'in Madhura, in Maharashtra,' in Madhura, 'Eagle Caves,' in Madhura, Maharashtra, in Madhura,' in Madhura. The Elephant Caves, the city of caves, is located in Madhura, Maharashtra, in Madhura, 'Eagle Caves,' in Madhura, 'Madhura,' in Madhura,'in Madhura,' in Madhura. The Elephant Caves, the city of caves, is located in Madhura, Maharashtra, in Madhura. The elephant caves, the city of caves, is located in Madhura, Maharashtra, Madhura. The elephant caves, the city of caves, is located in Madhura, Maharashtra, Madhura, Madhura, Madhura. The elephant caves, the city of caves, is located in Madhura, Maharashtra, Madhura, Madhura, Madhura, Madhura, Madhura, Madhura, madhura, Madhura, and the Elephant Caves, the city of caves, located in Madhura, Madhura, and Madhura, the elephant caves are located in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, the elephant cave, in Madhura, in Maharashtra, in Madhura, and in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, and in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, and in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, the Elephant Caves, the City of Caves, in Madhura, in Maharashtra, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in Madhura, in It is called the stupa hill. It is a forest that is scattered in clusters of mangoes, tamarinds and karanjhi. The vista is majestically dotted with mangoes, tamarinds, and karanjhi. It is called the 'Savana Peak'. Its foreshore is paved with sand and mud, and the fringe is a collection of bamboos and mangroves. The quays sit on three small islands: the Raksan in the north-west, the Mora in the northeast, the Rajapuram in the south-east. It is called the Suvarnasa Rock. The height of the mountain is magnificently dotted with mangoes, tamarinds, and karanjhi. It is a forest of mangoes, tamarinds, and karanjhi. The foreshore is paved with sand and mud, while the grassy stretches out with bamboos and mangroves. There are five rock-cut caves in the western part of the island, and on the eastern side a brick stupa composed of two caves, and two wells carved with stone. As the name suggests, this hill is called the Makaranda Peak. The peak is a huge mountain that is dotted with mangoes, tamarinds, and karanjhi. It is a forest of mangoes, tamarinds, and karanjhi. It is a grove of mangoes, tamarinds, and karanjhi. The west side is dotted with five rock-cut caves, the east side is a brick stupa composed of two caves and two wells of stone. In the west, there are five caves cut into rock, and in the west, there is a brick stupa composed of two caves and two wells carved in stone. Its backside is paved with sand and mud, and its backside is a land of bamboos and mangroves. The quays are on three small islands: Raksan in the north-west, Mora in the northeast, Rajapuram in the south-east. There are five caves cut into rock on the west side of the island, and on the east side a brick stupa composed of two caves and two wells of stone. The western part is dotted with five caves cut into rock, and the eastern part is dotted with a brick stupa composed of two caves and two wells carved in stone. It is a forest of mangoes, tamarinds, and karanjhi. It is a forest of mangoes, tamarinds, and karanjhi. It is a forest of mangoes, tamarinds, and karanjhi. In the west there are five caves cut into rock, and in the west there is a brick stupa composed of two caves and two wells carved in stone. The local tradition says that these caves were not made by human beings. The elephant caves were dated from the 5th to the 8th century. The western side is covered with five rock-cut caves, the eastern side with a brick-slab of two caves and two wells. There are five caves cut into rock in the west, and there are five caves cut into stone on the east, and on the west is a brick-slab of two caves and two wells. This is a jungle of mangoes, tamarinds, and karanjhi. The forest is dense with mangoes, tamarinds and karanjhi. It is a jungle of mangoes, tamarinds and karanjhi. The cliffs are situated on three small islands: Raksan in the north, Mora in the northeast, Rajapuram in the south. This mountain is called the Makaranda Peak. The height of the mountain is magnificently dotted with mangoes, tamarinds and karanjhi. It is a forest of mangoes, tamarinds and karanjhi. It is a forest of mangoes, tamarinds and karanjhi. The west side is paved with sand and mud, and the east side is paved with mud and bamboo. It is called the Suvarnasa Rock. The history of these caves is related only to the defeat of the monks of Konkan in 635 A.D. in 635 A.D. The Elephant-Conductors were found. It is believed that the elephant-conductors were only discovered in the third century of the east. The elephant-conductors date from the 5th to the 8th century. It is said that the elephant-conductors were made by human beings, and the history of this cave is said to be from the 17th century. The terrain is so majestically paved with mangoes, tamarinds and karanjhi. Its eastern flank is paved with sand and mud, and the eastern flank is paved with sand and mud. Its eastern flank is paved with sand and mud and the grass is mown with bamboos and mangroves. Its western side is paved with five caves and on the eastern side a brick stupa composed of two caves and two wells. The eastern side is paved with five caves and on the western side a brick stupa composed of two caves and two wells. The west side is paved with five caves and on the east with two caves and two wells. In the west there are five caves cut into rock, and on the east there are two caves cut into stone. The west side is paved with sand and mud, while the grassy part is paved with bamboo and mangroves. The mountains are mountainous and dense with mangoes, tamarinds and karanjhi. It is a jungle of mangoes, tamarinds and karanjhi. It is a jungle of mangoes, tamarinds and karanjhi. It is a jungle of mangoes, tamarinds and karanjhi. There are five caves cut into rock on the west side of the island, on the east side a bricked stupa composed of two caves and two wells. It is said that elephants are the engineers, and the history of this cave is said to be from the 17th century. The caves of the East, east, west, are filled with five caves, the west with five caves cut into stone, the west with two caves and two wells. It is called the Sky Rock. The land of elephants is called the Sundaman. The first records of elephants were discovered in the third century. The evidence for elephants was found in the third century. And in an era when polytheism reigned, the Elephanta Cave dedicated itself to the monotheism of the pashupata shaivism sect, to which the kalachuris and the konkan mauryas belonged., the chalukyas, who conquered the kalachuris and the konkan mauryas, are also believed by some to be the creators of the main cave in the middle of the 5th century. The elephanta cave was dedicated to the monotheism of the Pashupata Shakti, which belonged to the kalachuris and the Konkan mauryas. Its monks, mighty chalukyas, who destroyed the kalachuris and the konkan mauryas, were also believed to have been the creators of the main cave in the middle of the 5th century. The elephanta cave resembles in some aspects the rock of the 8th century, the rock of the temple kailash at ellora. And in an era when polytheism reigned, Elephanta Cave was dedicated to the monotheism of the pashupata shaivism sect, to which the Kalachuris and the Konkan mauryas belonged. The monks, mighty chalukyas, who conquered the Kalachuris and the Konkan mauryas, were also believed to be the creators of the main cave in the 5th century. In some ways the elephanta cave resembles the rock of the 8th century, the rock of the temple Kalash at ellora. Later, the elephanta kingdom was ruled by another Chalukya dynasty and later by the gujarat sultanate, who surrendered to the Portuguese in 1534. Elephanta was called the ‘Zhastrapuri’, which signifies a hilly region. Elephanta was later ruled by another Chalukyan dynasty, and then by a gujarat sultanate, who surrendered it to the Portuguese in 1534. The nataraja and ardhanarishvara sculptures were also attributed to the Rastrakutas. The elephanta cave was dedicated to the monotheism of the Pashupata Shakti, which belonged to the Kalachuris and the Konkan Mauryas, the monks, the mighty chalukyas, who conquered the Kalachuris and the Konkan mauryas, are also believed to be the creators of the main cave in the fifth century. Later on, elephanta was ruled by another Chalukyan dynasty, and then by a gujarat sultanate, who surrendered to the Portuguese in 1534. Elephanta cave resembles the rock of the 8th century, the rock of the temple Kalash at ellora. The elephanta cave resembles in some ways the rock of the 8th century, the rock of the temple of the kalash at ellora. In the fifth century, the elephanta cave was dedicated to the monotheism of the Pashupata Shakti, which belonged to the Kalachuris and the Konkan Mauryas. The monks, great chalukyas, who destroyed the Kalachuris and the Konkan mauryas, are also thought to be the creators of the main cave of the fifth century. In the udya crate the elephant of the fourth century. Its name is still used in the local language. And in the era of polytheism, Elephanta cave was dedicated to the monotheism of the pashupata shaivism, to which the Kalachuris and the Konkan mauryas belonged. The monks, the mighty chalukyas, who conquered the Kalachuris and the Konkan mauryas, are also thought to have created the main cave in the fifth century. The elephanta cave, in some ways, resembles the rock of the 8th century, the rock of the temple kalash at ellora. In the fifth century, the elephanta cave was dedicated to the monotheism of the pashupata shakti, which belonged to the Kalachuris and the Konkan mauryas, and the monks, mighty chalukyas, who conquered the Kalachuris and the Konkan mauryas, are also believed to be the creators of the main cave in the 5th century. The elephanta cave is compared with the rock of the 8th century, the rock of the temple Kalash at ellora. Later, the elephanta kingdom was ruled by another Chalukyan dynasty, and then by the Gujarat sultanate, who surrendered it to the Portuguese in 1534. The portuguese did considerable damage to the holy shrines. During the oath of the Lord, the Portuguese removed the oath of the censers, but also the ludabari, which still remains in the forest, and it is only found in the native language. The elephant of the fourth century, the place of worship in the Muzhik, was renamed as "Amitabha". The elephant of the fourth century was renamed in the local language. The portuguese military hurried to the oath of the sea to practice. The oath of the censers fought in the cave of the main temple. The first, the second, the third, the third, had to practice in the main cave, sparing only the statues of the Kashiva trees. In the fifth century, the elephanta cave was dedicated to the monotheism of the pashupata shaivism, which belonged to the Kalachuris and the Konkan mauryas. The monks, the mighty chalukyas who conquered the Kalachuris and the Konkan mauryas, are also believed to be the creators of the main cave in the fifth century. In the fourth century, the elephant of the Muzhiks, the 'Amitabha'. The portuguese army was about to go to the oath of the sea, and the Portuguese expelled the oath of the gods, but the Portuguese gave the oath of the Lord, but only the oath of the first, the second, the third, the third, and the third, and in the middle of the fifth century the elephant of the beast of the fifth century. In the fifth century, the elephant of the fourth century resembles the rock of the 8th century, the rock of the temple of kalash at ellora, and in the sixth century the elephant of the fourth century was compared to the rock of the 8th century, the rock of the temple of kalash at ellora, and in some ways it resembles the rock of the 8th century, the rock of the temple of Kalash at ellora. In the fourth century, the elephant of the fourth century was called Amitabha. In the fourth century, the Portuguese army rushed to the sea to oath the Lord and the soldiers fought with the same statues as the tree of the kalash. The portuguese uttered many ills and injuries. The Portuguese did much damage to the shrines. At the oath of the Lord, the Portuguese threw away the censers, but also the ludabari, which is still in the forest, and it is only in the local language. The elephant of the fourth century, the name of the temple in the Mokshagiri Palace, was renamed in the local language. The elephant of the fourth century, the seat of the Chakras, was renamed "Amitabha". The marriage of the islands entrusted the island to the british Empire, as part of Catherine's dowry to Charles. The main cave was restored in the 1970s, but the others, all of which contained important statues, are very badly deteriorated. The marriage of the islands entrusted the island to the british empire, as a dowry to Charles. The main cave was restored in the 1970s, but the others, which contained important statues, were very badly deteriorated. The island has two groups of caves, built in the rock – cut style. The caves are hewn of solid basalt... The marriage of the islands entrusted the island to the British Empire, as a dowry to Charles. The main cave was restored in the 1970s, but the others, which contained important statues, were very badly deteriorated. The islands have two groups of caves, built in the rock-cut style, built in the rock-cut style. The caves are made of basalt... The main cave was restored in the 1970s, but the others, which contained important statues, are very badly deteriorated. All the caves were painted in the past, but there are only traces. The marriage of the islands entrusted the island to the british Empire, as a dowry for Charles. The main cave was restored in the 1970s, but the others, which contained important statues, were very badly destroyed. The islands have two caves, built in the rock-cut style, built in the rock-cut style. The caves are a mixture of basalt and basalt... The main cave was restored in the 1970s, but the others, which contained important statues, were very badly destroyed. All the caves were painted in the past, but there are no traces of their decoration. The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style. The caves are built of basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style. The caves are made of basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, built in the rock-cut style. The main cave was restored in the 1970s, but the others, which contained important statues, were very badly damaged. The islands have two caves, built in the rock-cut style. The caves are built of basalt. The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style. The caves are a mixture of basalt and basalt. The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style. The caves are a mixture of basalt and basalt. The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style. The caves are a mixture of basalt and basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style. The main cave is restored in the 1970s, but the others, which contain important statues, are very badly destroyed. The marriage of the islands entrusted the island to the British Empire, as a dowry for Charles. The main cave was restored in the 1970s, but the others, which contain important statues, were very badly damaged. The marriage of the islands entrusted the island to the british empire as a dowry for Charles. The main cave was restored in the 1970s, but the others, which contained important statues, were very badly damaged. The islands have two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt. The islands have two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are a mixture of basalt and basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are a mixture of basalt and basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are a mixture of basalt and basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are a mixture of basalt and basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are a mixture of basalt and basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are a mixture of basalt and basalt... The marriage of the islands entrusted the island to the British Empire as a dowry for Charles. The main cave was restored in the 1970s, but the others, which contained important statues, were very badly destroyed. The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style. The caves are made of basalt. The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style. The caves are basalt. The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style. The caves are made of basalt. The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt. The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt... The marriage of the islands entrusted the island to the British Empire as a dowry for Charles. The main cave was restored in the 1970s, but the others, which contained important statues, were very badly damaged. The islands have two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt. The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt... The island has two caves, built in the rock-cut style, the caves are basalt... The island has The scribes depicted the yogisvara (the lord of yoga) and the right, the lord of dance (the lord of dance). --- the central shiva-sota shrine (in the plan, below) is a free square cell with four entrances, located in the right section of the main hall. The smaller shrines are located on the east and west sides of the caves. The scribes depicted the yogisvara (the lord of yoga) and the right lord of dance (the lord of dance). The central shiva shrine (given below) is a square cell with four entrances in the right hall. The small shrines are located on the east and west sides of the cave. The central shiva shrine (above) is located on the south wall, flanked by ardhanarisvara (a half-middle-woman representation of shiva) on the left, and gangadhara on the right, which signifies the exit of the river ganges from the matted locks of shiva... The scribes depicted the yogisvara (the lord of yoga) and the right lord of dance (the lord of dance). The central shiva shrine (above) is a square cell with four entrances, located in the right hall, the smaller ones are located on the east and west sides of the cave. The scribes depicted the yogisvara (the lord of yoga) and the right lord of dance (the lord of dance). The central shiva shrine (above) is located on the south wall, flanked by the ardhanarisvara (the half-middle-woman depiction of shiva) on the left and gangadhara on the right, symbolizing the end of the river ganges from the lustre of shiva. Other carvings of shiva's legend are also found in the hall at strategic places, in exclusive cubicles; namely, kalyanasundaramurti or andhakasuramardana, the demon and the demon, shiva, shiva on the Mount Kailash, and ravananugraha, ravana lifting the Mount Kailash,... The scribes depicted the yogisvara (the lord of yoga) and the right dancer (the dancer). The central dancer (above) is a square cell with four entrances in the right hall, the smaller ones are on the east and west sides of the cave. The central dancer (above) is on the south wall, flanked by the ardhanarisvara (a half-middle-man representing shiva) on the left, and the gangadhara on the right, which signifies the transformation of the river ganges from the lustre of shiva... scribes depicted the yogisvara (the lord of yoga) and the right dancer (the dancer). The scribes depicted the yogisvara (the lord of yoga) and the right dancer (the dancer). The central shiva shrine (above) is located on the south wall, surrounded by the ardhanarisvara (a depiction of the middle goddess shiva) on the left, and the gangadhara on the right, which symbolizes the clearing of the gangadhara from the matted locks of shiva. The scribes depicted the yogisvara (the lord of yoga) and the right dancer (the dancer). scribes depicted the yogisvara (the lord of yoga) and the right dancer (the dancer). The central dancer (below) is a square cell with four entrances in the right hall, the small ones are on the east and west sides of the cave. The central dancer (below) is on the south wall, surrounded by ardhanarisvara (the half-sixth-representation of shiva) on the left and gangadhara on the right, which signifies the disengagement of the river ganges from the lustre of shiva... The scribes depicted the yogisvara (the yoga lord) and the right dancer (dancer). The scribes depicted the yogisvara (the yoga lord) and the dancer on the right. The central shiva shrine (in the plan below) is a square cell with four entrances in the right hall, and the smaller ones are on the east and west sides of the cave. The central shiva shrine (above) is on the south wall, flanked by the ardhanarisvara (the half-middle Goddess of shiva) on the left and gangadhara on the right, to represent the departure of the river ganges from the lustre of shiva. The scribes depicted the yogisvara (the lord of yoga) and the right dancer. The scribes depicted the yogisvara (the lord of dance) and the right dancer. The central shiva shrine (given below) is a square cell with four entrances in the right hall, the smaller ones are on the east and west sides of the cave. The central shiva shrine (above) is located on the south wall, flanked by the ardhanarisvara (the middle-resisting shiva) on the left, and gangadhara on the right, which signifies the disappearance of the river ganges from the lustre of shiva. The scribes depicted the yogisvara (the lord of yoga) and the This scene is interpreted as a gambler’s scene: Parvati has a grudge against shiva, as she cheats in the game of dice. The mountain scenery has been given a form, as it a mountain surrounded by celestial beings, swishing flowers upon shiva – ” parvati” – “In the context of the cartoon, the tall creature, the ascetics, the stout figure, the dwarf, the bull (of the mountain of shiva) and the two monkeys... This is a kind of gambling scene. Parvati is fond of shiva, and has a grudge against shiva. Heaps of flowers are thrown on shiva. The carved panel in front of it is a two-point-map of the top of the kalash, where shiva and Parvati sit. In the background is the tall creature, the ascetics, the stout, the dwarf, the bull of the kalash, and the two monkeys... Heaps of flowers are thrown on shiva. This is an illustration of a gambling scene. Parvati dislikes shiva, and her hatred against shiva is a strong one. In this picture, the tall being, the ascetics, the stout, the dwarf, the bull of the mountain, and the two monkeys... This is a picture of a gambler. Parvati is fond of shiva and hates shiva. In the background is the tall creature, the ascetics, the stout, the dwarf, the bull of the mountain, and the two monkeys.... The carved panels in front of them are a two-point map of the top of the hill of the Kalash where shiva and Parvati are sitting. In the background is the tall creature, the ascetics, the dwarf, the bull of the Kalash and the two monkeys... The shape of the mountain was depicted as it was a mountain surrounded by celestial beings, swishing flowers on shiva - - "Parvati - - Parvati - - Parvati is fond of shiva and hates shiva. This is a picture of a gambler. Parvati dislikes shiva and hates shiva. The carved-out picture in front of it is a two-point map of the top of the hill of the Kalash where shiva and Parvati are sitting. In the background, the tall creature, the ascetics, the dwarf, the bull of the Kalash and the two monkeys... In this image, the tall person, the ascetics, the dwarf, the bull of the Kalash, and the two monkeys... In the relief, the ten-headed demon, a king Ravana, sees only one head, and there are only twenty arms. This is an illustration of a gambling scene. Parvati dislikes shiva and hates shiva. In this scene, the tall person, the ascetics, the dwarf, the bull of the Kalash, and the two monkeys... The attendants of shiva are also seen in relief, but in a weakened state. In this scene the beauty is a mountain surrounded by celestial beings, and the beauty is a disgrace. Parvati is fond of shiva and hates shiva. The tall man, the ascetics, the dwarf, the bull, the hill and the two monkeys... This is a recreation of a game. The sketch in front of the subject is a two-point map of the top of the hill of the Kalash where shiva and Parvati sit. The sketch shows the tall man, the ascetics, the dwarf, the bull, the mountain and the two monkeys... In the cartoon the ten-headed monster, a king, Ravana, sees only one head, and there are twenty arms. The panel in front of the subject is a two-point map of the top of the Kalash where shiva and Parvati sit. In the background is the tall man, the ascetics, the dwarf, the bull of the mountain and the two monkeys... In the depiction the attendants of shiva are seen in a wounded state. Parvati is fond of shiva and hates shiva. Parvati dislikes shiva and hates shiva. In this picture, the tall man, the ascetics, the dwarf, the bull of the mountain and the two monkeys... Parvati dislikes shiva and hates shiva. This is an illustration of a gambling scene. Parvati dislikes shiva and hates shiva. This image depicts a ten-headed demon, the king Ravana, who has only one head and only twenty arms. The statue of vishnu is shown up on the left of shiva, in the lower part of his mount. He looks at a skeleton, in a recess, and in a recess of shiva a tiger is depicted... The picture is the hill-top of the Kalash where shiva and Parvati are sitting. The figure of the mountain is shown in the form of a mountain surrounded by celestial beings, and the image is disgraceful. The carved panel in front of the subject is a two-point map of the mountain-top of the Kalash where shiva and Parvati are sitting. In the background, the tall creature, the ascetics, the dwarf, the bull of the Kalash and the two monkeys. The nature of the mountain is depicted in the form of a mountain surrounded by celestial beings, swishing flowers on shiva. The statue of Vishnu is seen at the right side of the Kanishana in the lower part of the Kanishana, a skeleton, and a tiger is shown in the middle of the Kanishana in the lower part of the Kanishana. In the carved inscription the attendants of shiva are seen in a state of weakness. The attendants of shiva are also seen in the carved inscription, but in a state of pain. Parvati hates shiva and hates shiva. This realism is the enjoyment of a game. In this realism, the ten-headed demon Ravana, the king, sees only one head and only twenty arms. The carved image is a two-point map of the top of the Kalash, where shiva and Parvati sit. In the background, the tall man, the ascetics, the dwarf, the bull of the mountain, and the two monkeys... In this realism, the ten-headed demon Ravana, the king Ravana, sees only one head and twenty arms. The tall man, the ascetics, the dwarf, the bull of the mountain and the two monkeys... Parvati dislikes shiva and hates shiva. Parvati hates shiva and hates shiva. This is a recreation of a game. The carving is of the top of the mountain, where shiva and Parvati sit. The carving shows the tall man, the ascetic, the dwarf, the bull of the mountain, and the two monkeys. The statue of Vishnu is seen in the lower part of the mountain, in the lower part, in the middle, and in the lower part, in the lower part of the mountain, in the middle of the Kanishana, in the middle of the Kanishana. The sculpture is of the form of a mountain surrounded by celestial beings, swishing flowers on shiva. In this image, the tall man, the ascetic, the dwarf, the bull, and the two monkeys... In this picture, the tall man, the ascetic, the dwarf, the bull, and the two monkeys... The sculpture depicts the mountain, in the form of a mountain surrounded by celestial beings, swishing flowers on shiva. This is an illustration of a gambling scene, which parvati is fond of shiva and hates shiva. Heaps of flowers are thrown on shiva, in the form of a gambling scene, Parvati dislikes shiva and hates shiva. In this depiction, the ten-headed demon Ravana, the king, sees only one head and twenty arms. In this depiction, the tall man, the ascetic, the dwarf, the bull of the mountain, and the two monkeys... The tall man, the ascetic, the dwarf, the bull of the mountain, and the two monkeys... In this depiction, the ten-headed demon Ravana, the king, sees only one head and twenty arms. This is a portrayal of a game. Parvati dislikes shiva and hates shiva. "The north axis is also known as the four axes, which are said to be the zodiac, "the sky, the sky, the air," he said, and he said, "It is the world of war and of friendship." The north axis, also called the four axes, is called the zodiac, “the sky, the sky, the air,” he says, “it is the world of war and friendship.” The three heads are said to represent the three essential aspects of the shiva, creation, protection, and destruction. He holds in his hand an object like a rosebud, which signifies the promise of life and creativity. He said, “The north axis, also known as the four axes, is called the zodiac, “the sky, the sky, the air,” he said, “is the world of war and friendship.” The four axes are called zodiac, “the sky, the sky, the air,” he said, “it is the world of war and friendship.” The left-hand “Ha-Ha” face (East Face) is a slender, ha-ha-ha face, showing anger. This is shiva, the feared aghora or bhairava, whose anger can burst all the world in flames and leave only ashes behind. This face is akin to the Brahma, the Creator, or the Uma, the Vamadeva, the Goddess of shiva, the creator of joy and beauty. The three head is said to represent the three essential aspects of shiva: creation, protection, and destruction. He holds in his hand a rose-bud, which signifies the promise of life and creativity. He said: "The north axis, also known as the four axes, is called the zodiac; the sky, the sky, the air, he says, is the world of war and friendship." Then he said: "The north axis, also known as the four axes, is called the zodiac; the sky, the sky, the air, is called the world of war and friendship. " The central face, benign and meditative, resembles the sanctity of the Vishnu.'' It is called rudra@, the destroyer.' ', 'the destroyer', 'the destroyer.' ' The 'heaven',' he said, 'the sky, the sky, the air,' 'is the world of war and friendship'. The north axis, also called the four axes, is called the zodiac, the sky, the sky, the air,' he said, 'is the world of war and friendship'. He holds a rose in his hand, a symbol of life and creativity, he said, 'The north axis, also called the zodiac,' he said, 'the sky, the sky, the air,' he said, 'is the world of war and friendship.' The right 'Ha' (the east 'face') is a thin, ha-ha-ha face, a vadava, a feared aghor or a bhuva, whose anger can burn the whole world in ashes and leave only ashes. It is called rudra, the destroyer, the destroyer. 'The central face, peaceful and contemplative, looks like the sanctity of the Vishnu.'The 'heart' of the 'hu, the destroyer', the destroyer', the destroyer.' The central face, peaceful and contemplative, resembles the sanctity of the Vishnu.'The 'heart' of the north axis, also called the 'wheat', "the 'wheat', "the 'wheat', "the 'heat', "heat" 'The sky, the air, the 'wheat', 'heat' 'heat', 'heat'. " Then he said, 'The north axis, also called the 'three axes,' and 'the sky, the air,' he said, 'is the world of war and friendship. His right hand is a delicate, ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha, a vadava, a fearful aghor or bhuva, whose anger can turn all the world into flame and leave nothing but ashes. This is the shiva, the fearful aghor or bhuva, whose anger can burn all the world in ashes and leave only ashes. He holds a rose in his hand that symbolizes life and creativeness, he said, ‘The north axis, also known as the four axes,’ ‘The sky, the sky, the air,’ ‘the world of war and friendship.’ Then he said, ‘The north axis, also known as the four axes,’ ‘the sky, the sky, the air,’ ‘the world of war and friendship.’ ‘The north axis, also known as the four axes,’ he said, ‘is the world of war and friendship.’ ‘The north axis,’ he said, ‘is the world of the zodiac,’ ‘the sky, the sky, the air,’ ‘is the world of war and friendship’. The right –Ha’ face, which is the east – is a thin, ha-ha-ha face, a vadava, a feared aghor or bha-va, whose anger burns all the world and leaves only ashes behind, it is called rudraksan, the destroyer, the destroyer.’ The central – the destroyer, the destroyer, the destroyer,’ he says, ‘is the world of war and friendship’. ‘The north – the four – the zodiac,’ he says, ‘the sky, the sky, the air’, ‘the world of war and friendship’. ‘The north – the zodiac,’ he says, ‘the sky, the sky, the air’, ‘the world of war and friendship’. He said, ‘The north axis, also called the four axes,’ ‘the sky, the sky, the air,’ ‘the world of war and friendship’. ‘The north axis, also called the four axes,’ ‘the sky, the sky, the air,’ ‘the world of war and friendship’. ‘The north axis, also called the four axes,’ he said, ‘is the world of war and friendship’. ‘The north axis, also called the four axes,’ he said, ‘the world of the zodiac’, ‘the sky, the sky, the air,’ ‘the world of war and friendship’. The right ’ha’ face (here called ‘the east face’) is a thin, ha-ha-ha, ‘the a-la-la-la-la’, ‘the a-la-la’, ‘the a-la-la-la’, ‘the a-la-la-la-la’, ‘that a-la-la-la’, ‘that a-la-la-la-la’, ‘the a-la-la-la-la’ face, ‘the a-la-la-la’, ‘the a-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la’, ‘the a-la-la-la-la-la’, ‘the a-la-la-la-la-la-la-la’, ‘the a-la-la-la-la’, ‘the a-la-la-la’, ‘the a-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la’, ‘the a-la-la’, ‘the a-la-la-la-la’, ‘the a-la’, ‘the a-la-la’, ‘the a-la-la’, ‘the a-la-la-la’, ‘the a-la-la-la’, ‘the a-la-la’. He holds a rose in his hand, the symbol of life and creative expression, “the north axis, also known as the four axes, “the sky, the sky, the air,” “the world of war and friendship.” He said, “The north axis, also known as the four axes, “the sky, the sky, the air,” “the world of war and friendship.” “The north axis, also known as the four axes, “the sky, the sky, the air,” “the world of war and friendship,” he said. “The north axis, also known as the four axes, “the sky, the sky, the air,” “the world of war and friendship.” The north axis, also known as the four axes, “the sky, the sky, the air,” “the world of war and friendship,” “the north axis, also known as the four axes, “the world of war and friendship,” “the north axis, also known as the four axes,” “the world of war and friendship,” “the north axis, also called the four axes, “the world of the four axes, “the world of war and friendship.” “The central axis, the liberated, the chariot,” he said, “is the world of the love, the hateful, the hateful, the hateful. The hateful, the hateful, the hateful, the hateful, the hateful, can burn the whole world and leave only ashes. This chariot is like the Brahma, the Creator, or the Uma, the Vamadeva, the Goddess of joy and beauty, and the third axis is called the zodiac, the sky, the air, the love, the love, the love, the love, the love, the love, the love, the love, the love, the love, the love, the love, the love, the love, the love, the hate, the hate, the hate, the love, the love, the love, the love, the love, the hate, the hate, the hate, the hate, the hate, the love, the hate, the love, the hate, the love, the hate, the hate, the fear, the love, the hate, the hate the left shoulder. /sent> /sent> another hand (never completely drooped) resembles a prostrate Shiva hugging Parvati, and the head is powdered. Parvati carved to the left of shiva in a sash that was fully draped, and adorned with motifs and ornaments, and the right hand was buried in the head of a female attendant who carried parvati's cassock.... An ornamented scarf covered his torso, below the waist. A second hand (not drooping down) resembled the form of a prostrate Shiva hugging Parvati, and the head was powdered.... the gods brahma and indra, with their divine garb and mounts, walked on the right of shiva; vishnu, riding his garuda, was shown on the left of parvati... This same Parvati was carved on the left side of the shiva, in a double gauze sash, adorned with motifs and ornaments, and her right hand was embedded in the head of a maid who was carrying Parvati's cassock... A shawl was trimmed on the torso, below the waist. Another hand (not completely closed) resembled a prostrate Shiva hugging Parvati, and the head was powdered. A lot of other details are discoloured; but the figure of a kneeling figure is inferred to be the king who carved the image.... The gods Brahma and Indra with their divine gown and mounts walked on the right of the shawl. Vishnu riding his garuda was seen on the left of Parvati. The gods Brahma and Indra with their sacrificial attire and mounts walked on the right of the shawl. Vishnu was seen on the left of Parvati. On the left side of the shawl was the sash, which was completely covered and decorated with motifs and ornaments. The right hand was buried in the head of a maid carrying Parvati’s cassock... There was a scarf wrapped around the torso, below the waist. Another hand (not completely folded) resembled a prostrate Shiva hugging Parvati, and the head was powdered. There are many other details missing, but the figure of a kneeling figure is supposed to be the king who carved it. This Parvati was carved to the left of the shawl, in a double gauze sash, with designs and ornaments, and her right hand was embedded in the head of a maid carrying Parvati's cassock. A shawl was cut off on the back of the shawl, and a second hand (not completely closed) resembled a prostrate Shiva hugging Parvati and powdering his head. At the same time the gods Brahma and Indra, with their divine attire and mounts, were walking on the right of the shawl. Vishnu, riding in his garuda, was seen on the left of Parvati. This Parvati was carved on the left of the shawl, in a double gauze sash, with designs and ornaments, and the right hand was buried in the head of a maid carrying Parvati's cassock... This Parvati was carved on the left of the shawl in a double gauze sash, with patterns and ornaments, and the right hand was buried in the head of a woman who carried Parvati's cassock. There was a scarf around the waist, and another hand, not drooping down, resembled a prostrate Shiva hugging Parvati and the head was powdered. Many other details are lost, but the kneeling figure is believed to be the king who carved it. The gods Brahma and Indra with their divine attire and mounts walked on the right side of the shawl, and Vishnu riding on his garuda was seen on the left of Parvati. This Parvati was carved to the left of the shawl in a double gauze sash, adorned with motifs and ornaments, and the right hand was buried in the head of a maid carrying Parvati’s cassock. There was a scarf trimmed on the waist, and another hand (not completely folded) resembled a prostrate Shiva hugging Parvati and powdering her head. Many other details are missing, but the figure of a kneeling figure is supposed to be the king who carved it. “The gods Brahma and Indra with their Divine Clothes and Sacrificial Clothes went on the right of the shawl, while Vishnu, riding in his garuda, was seen on the left of Parvati. On the right side of the shawl was a sash, completely covered and adorned with motifs, and the right hand was buried in the head of a maid carrying Parvati’s cassock. This Parvati was carved on the left side of the shawl, in a double gauze sash, with designs and ornaments, and her right hand was buried in the head of a maid carrying Parvati’s cassock. A shawl was tied at the waist, and another hand (not completely lowered) resembled a prostrate Shiva embracing Parvati and powdering his head. There are many details missing, but the figure of a kneeling figure is supposed to be the king who carved it. On the left side of the shawl, there was a sash, with motifs and ornaments, and the right hand was buried in the head of a maid carrying Parvati’s cassock. The left hand was broken but thought to be holding the Goddess’ robe. On the right hand, on the left, was a shawl, with motifs and ornaments, and the right hand was buried in the head of a maid carrying Parvati’s cassock. This shawl was trimmed down at the waist, and a second hand, not completely lowered, resembled a prostrate Shiva hugging Parvati and powdering her head. Many other details are missing, but the figure of a kneeling figure is believed to be the king who carved it. The gods Brahma and Indra with their divine clothing and mounts walked on the right side of the shawl, while Vishnu, riding in his garuda, was seen on the left. This Parvati was carved on the left side of the shawl in a double gauze shawl, with designs and ornaments, and the right hand was buried in the head of a maid carrying Parvati's cassock... There was ‘The gods Brahma and Indra with their divine clothing and mounts, who walked on the right of the shawl, and Vishnu, riding on his garuda, was seen on the left of Parvati. The gods Brahma and Indra, with their divine attire and mounts, walked on the right of the shawl. Vishnu was seen on the left of Parvati. This Parvati was carved on the left of the shawl in a double gauze shawl with motifs and ornaments, and her right hand was buried in the head of a maid carrying Parvati’s cassock. The right hand was tied at the waist, and another hand, not completely lowered, resembled a prostrate Shiva hugging Parvati and powdering her head. There are many other details missing, but the king who carved it believed that. The gods Brahma and Indra with their holy clothing and their chariots were on the right side of the shawl, while Vishnu was seen on the left. This Parvati was carved on the left side of the shawl in a double gauze sash, with designs and motifs, and her right hand was buried in the head of a maid carrying Parvati’s cassock. On the right hand, on the left, was a shawl, adorned with motifs and motifs, and her right hand was buried in the head of a maid carrying Parvati’s cassock. There was a scarf trimmed around the waist, and another hand, not completely folded, resembled a prostrate Shiva hugging Parvati and powdering her head. There are many other details missing, but the figure of a kneeling figure is thought to be the king who carved it. This Parvati was carved on the left side of the shawl in a double gauze shawl, with designs and ornaments, and her right hand was buried in the head of a maid carrying Parvati’s cassock. This Parvati was carved on the left side of the shawl, in a double gauze shawl, and her right hand was buried in the head of a maid carrying Par - sent> - A consort, sitting next to him, is scared... A female attendant is sitting next to her... The mistress sat next to him, scared... The female servant sat next to her... It was an old lady who was sitting next to him, frightened... and he looked at her with great anger, his furrowed brow, his swollen eyes, and his tusks... It was an old woman who was sitting next to him, scared. The attendant sat next to him, frightened. The mistress sat next to him, frightened. The servant sat next to her. The leg and five of the eight arms were broken, attributed to vandalism in Portuguese. The small broken image of the chariot is seen below bhairava's image. ‘ A consort sits next to him, scared... A servant sits next to her... The mistress sits next to him, scared... The servant sits next to her... It was an old woman who was sitting next to him, scared... and he looked at her with great anger, with his furrowed forehead, his swollen eyes, and his tusks... It was an old woman who was sitting next to him, scared... And he looked at her with great anger, his brow furrowed, his eyes swollen, his tusks... ” The leg and the five arms were broken, attributed to vandalism in Portuguese, a small broken image of the chariot is seen below the image of Bhairava. The second hand of the hand is depicted a snake coiled around it... A consort, sitting next to him, is terrified... A female servant is sitting next to her... A mistress sits next to him... A female servant sits next to her... It was an old woman who was sitting next to him... and he looked at her with great anger, furrowed brows, swollen eyes and tusks... It was an old woman who was sitting next to him... And he looked at her with great anger, his brow furrowed, his eyes swollen, his tusks... A woman sits next to him... and he looks at her with great anger, with his furrowed forehead, his swollen eyes, and his tusks... It was an old woman who sits next to him, scared... and he looks at her with great anger, his brow furrowed, his eyes swollen, his tusks... A long broken trunk is seen on the south wall, and the whole group of divinities assembled around the central figures of shiva and parvati (kalyanasundara icon) gets married... The hand of the hand depicts a snake... The foot and five arms were broken, as a result of vandalism in Portuguese, and the little broken image of the chariot can be seen below the image of Bhairava. “The consort sits beside him, frightened... The servant sits beside him... The mistress sits next to him... The servant sits next to her... It was an old woman who was sitting next to him... And he looked at her with great anger, furrowed forehead, swollen eyes, and tusks... The servant sits next to her... It was an old woman who was sitting next to him... and he looked at her with great anger, furrowed forehead, swollen eyes, tusks... It was an old woman who was sitting next to him, and he looked at her with great anger, furrowed forehead, swollen eyes, and tusks... It was an old woman who was sitting next to him, and he looked at her with great anger, furrowed forehead, swollen eyes and tusks... The hand of the hand depicted a snake... A long broken trunk is seen on the south wall, and the whole group of divinities assembled around the central figures of shiva and parvati (Akalyanasundara icon) get married... The hand of the hand depicted a snake... It was an old woman who was sitting next to him... and he looked at her with great anger, furrowed forehead, swollen eyes and tusks... It was an old woman who was sitting next to him... and he looked at her with great anger, furrowed forehead, swollen eyes and tusks... It was an old woman who was sitting next to him... and he looked at her with great anger, furrowed forehead, swollen eyes and tusks... A consort sits next to him, frightened... A servant sits next to him... A mistress sits next to him... A servant sits next to her... A woman sits next to him... And he looks at her with great anger, furrowed forehead, swollen eyes, tusks... It was an old woman who sits next to him, and he looks at her with great anger, furrowed forehead, swollen eyes and tusks... It was an old woman who sits next to him, and he looks at her with great anger, furrowed forehead, swollen eyes and tusks... It was an old woman who sits next to him, and he looks at her with great anger, furrowed forehead, swollen eyes and tusks... It was an old woman who sits next to him, and he looks at her with great anger, furrowed forehead, swollen eyes and tusks... An old woman sits next to him... and he looks at her with great anger, furrowed forehead, swollen eyes and tusks... The hand of the hand is a snake... It is a long broken trunk, on the south wall, and all the divinities assembled around the central figures of sage and parvati (Akalyanasundara icon) get married... The hand of the hand is a snake... A woman sits next to him... and he looks at her with great anger, furrowed forehead, swollen eyes and tusks... It is an old woman who sits next to him... and he looks at her with great anger, furrowed forehead, swollen eyes and tusks... It is an old woman who sits next to him... and he looks at her with great anger, furrowed forehead, swollen eyes and tusks... It is an old woman who sits next to him... and he looks at her with great anger, furrowed forehead, swollen eyes and tusks... It is an old woman who sits ... The consort, sitting next to him, is scared. A female servant sits next to him. A mistress sits next to him. A female servant sits next to her. A woman sits next to him. She sits next to him, and she looks at her with great anger, furrowed forehead, swollen eyes and tusks. An old woman sits next to him, and he looks at her with great anger, furrowed forehead, swollen eyes and tusks... An old woman sits next to him, and he looks at her with great anger, furrowed forehead, swollen eyes and tusks... An old woman sits next to him, and he looks at her with great anger, furrowed forehead, swollen eyes and tusks... It is an old woman who sits next to him, and he looks at her with great anger, furrowed forehead, swollen eyes and tusks... It is an old woman who sits next to him, and he looks at her with great anger, furrowed forehead, swollen eyes and tusks... It is an old woman who sits next to him, and he looks at her with great anger, furrowed forehead, swollen eyes and tusks... It is an old woman who sits next to him, and he looks at her with great anger, furrowed forehead, swollen eyes and tusks... It is an old woman who sits next to him, and he looks at her with great anger, furrowed forehead, swollen eyes and tusks... It is an old woman who sits next to him, and he looks at her with great anger, furrowed forehead, swollen eyes and tusks... It is an old woman who sits next to him... and he looks at her with great anger, furrowed forehead, swollen eyes and tusks... It is an old woman who sits next to him, and he looks at her with great anger, furrowed forehead, swollen eyes and ... her left hand clasped Shiva’s right hand as a mark of holy alliance. Vishnu was present at the marriage. In the center, with a golden cloak, the moon-creature-god chandra, dressed in a purple robe and holding a small, round pot, was shown the Mother of Paramita. Vishnu was present at the marriage. Mena, the mother of Parvati, was standing next to Vishnu. Above the main idols, a galaxy of deities, bearded sages, apsaras (nymphs), vidyadharas, yakshis, gandharvas, and bhringis are seen, who see the wedding, they throw flowers at the bridegrooms. Vishnu was present at the marriage. In the centre stood the moon god Chandra, dressed in a purple robe and holding a small, round pot, with a smile on his face. In his left hand he clasped Shiva's right hand as a mark of sacred alliance. Above the main idols a galaxy of deities is visible. He is bearded, he is apsaras, vidyadharas, yakshis, bhringis and bhringis. There is the picture of the bridegrooms. There was a photograph of the bridegrooms. Vishnu was at the wedding. In the middle, the Moon God Chandra, in a purple robe and holding a small round pot, was shown the Mother of Paramita. In the center stood the Moon God, in a purple robe and holding a small round pot, with a smile on his face. His left hand was a mark of sacred alliance, and his right hand was a sign of sacred alliance. Above the main idols, the apes, the nymphs, the apsaras, the yakshis, the gandharvas and the bhringis are seen, who see the wedding, and throw flowers at the bhringis. Above the idols, a jingling garland of deities appears. They are bearded, they are apsaras, vidyadharas, yakshis, bhringis, and bhringis. This a personages of smitry, sitting in the Himalayas after the death of his first wife Satya, who was later reborn as Parvati... In the middle stood the moon god Chandra, in a purple robe and holding a small round pot, with a smile on his face. His left hand was a sign of holy alliance. Above the main idols, a garland of deities is visible. Above the main idols, apes, nymphs, apsaras, yakshis, gandharvas, and bhringis are visible, who see the wedding and throw flowers at the bhringis. The second image of the bridegrooms. The third image of the bridegrooms is shown. In the middle, the Moon God Chandra in a purple robe and holding a small round pot was shown the Mother of Paramita. There is a photograph of the bridegrooms. Above the main idols a galaxy of deities appears: bearded, apsaras, vidyadharas, yakshis, bhringis. Above the main idols a ringing garland of deities appears: they are bearded, they are apsaras, vidyadharas, yakshis, bhringis, bhringis. Vishnu was at the wedding. Mena, the mother of Parvati, was standing near Vishnu. In the middle stood the moon god Chandra, in a purple robe, and holding a little round pot, with a smile on his face. In his left hand he was a sign of sacred alliance. In the middle stood the moon god Chandra, in a purple robe and holding a little round pot, with a smile on his face, his left hand was a sign of sacred alliance. Above the main idols a garland of deities appeared, they were bearded, they were apsaras, vidyadharas, yakshis, bhringis, and bhringis. There is a picture of the grooms. In the middle stood the moon god Chandra, in a purple robe and holding a small round pot, in a smile, with a smile on his face, his left hand was a sign of sacred alliance, and his right hand was a sign of sacred alliance. Above the main idols a ringing garland of deities is visible. Above the main idols a lot of deities are seen, bearded, apsaras, yakshis, bhringis, bhringis. Above the main idols a lot of deities are visible: bearded, apsaras, bhringis, bhringis. There is a photograph of the grooms. In the middle the moon god Chandra, in a purple robe and holding a small round pot, was shown the mother of Paramita. The moon god, in a purple robe and holding a small round pot, was shown the mother of Paramita. In the middle, the moon god Chandra, in a purple robe and holding a small round pot, smiled. His left hand was a mark of sacred alliance, and his right hand was a sign of sacred alliance. Above the main idols, a garland of deities is seen: apes, nymphs, apsaras, yakshis, bhringis, bhringis. The ministers were present at the wedding. The church priests were present at the wedding. There was a photograph of the wedding. In the middle stood the Moon God Chandra in a purple robe and holding a small round pot, smiling; in his left hand he gave the sacrificial blessing to Shiva. Mena, the mother of Parvati, stood near Vishnu. In the middle stood the Moon God Chandra in a purple robe and held a small round pot with a smile on his face. He was a sign of sacred union. In the middle stood the Moon God Chandra in a purple robe and held a small round pot with a smile on his face; his left hand was a sign of sacred union; and above the main idols, a garland of deities was seen, apes, nymphs, apsaras, yakshis, bhringis, and bhringis. The sun is in the middle; in the middle stands the Moon God Chandra in a purple robe and holds a small round pot, smiling; his left hand was a sign of sacred union; above the main idols, a garland of deities was seen: bearded, apsaras, bhringis, bhringis. Above the main idols, a garland of deities, bearded, apsaras, bhringis, bhringis. Above the main idols, a lot of deities are seen: bearded, apsaras, bhringis, bhringis. In the middle, the Moon God, in a purple robe and holding a small round pot, smiled and said, “It is sacred, and I will bhringis. There is a picture of the grooms. There is a picture of the bridegrooms. In the middle, the Moon God, in a purple robe and holding a small round pot, smiled, said, “It is sacred, and it is sacred. Above the idols a garland of deities appears, apes, nymphs, apsaras, yak , he wears a stuffed head-dress. The image shows the head of the dancer. He has ten arms; only his right and third hands are missing. He wore a stuffed head-dress. His right arm was held out across his chest and touch the left side. The second, which was spotted with an outstretched look at the end of the pose, was broken at the elbow. The third arm was also broken at the elbow, and the fourth, which was also broken, is assumed to have been held by a khatva. The left arm, seen hanging, was damaged near the wrist. He was wearing a stuffed head-dress. His right arm was held out over his chest and touched the left side. The second, which was noticed by a look of outstretched shoulders at the end of the pose, was broken at the elbow. The third arm was also broken at the elbow, and the fourth was broken, too. He had ten arms, but only his right and third were missing. The image shows the dancer’s head. He wore a stuffed head-dress. The right thigh (broken) was raised to the right, while the left leg was not seen at all. The elaborate armlets were well preserved, and a skirt round the waist was tied with ribbon. The left arm was shattered in the wrist. He wore a stuffed head-dress. His right arm was held out over his chest and touched the left side; the second, which was seen by a look of outstretched shoulders at the end of the pose, was broken at the elbow; the third, also broken, was assumed to be held by a khatva. The left arm was broken near the wrist. The relief is: Vishnu riding a garuda, Indra riding his elephant; the elephant leading a ganesha, kartikeya ; kheda... The khatva's figure is seen behind the parvati... He wears a stuffed head-dress. The right arm is held over the chest and touches the left side; the second, which was noticed with outstretched shoulders at the end of the pose, is broken at the elbow; the third is also broken at the elbow, and the fourth is broken. He wore a stuffed head-dress. He had ten arms, but only his right and third hands. He wore a stuffed head-dress. His right arm was stretched out over his chest and touched the left side; the second, which was spotted with outstretched shoulders at the end of the pose, was broken at the elbow; the third, also broken, was assumed to be held by a khatva. The khatva’s figure was seen behind the khatva. The relief was: Vishnu riding a ghata, Indra riding an elephant; the elephant guiding a ganesha, kartikeya, kartikeya, kheda... The left arm was broken at the wrist. The khatva’s figure was seen behind the khatva’s face... The khatva’s figure is seen behind the khatva... The right arm was held out over the chest and touched the left side; the second, which was noticed with outstretched shoulders at the end of the pose, was broken at the elbow; the third was also broken at the elbow, and the fourth was broken too. The right thigh was broken, and the left leg was not seen. The left arm was broken near the wrist. He was wearing a stuffed headdress. The right arm was held out over his chest and touched the left side. The second, which was seen with outstretched shoulders at the end of the pose, was broken at the elbow. The third was also broken at the elbow, and the fourth was broken. He had ten arms, but only his right and third hands. He had ten arms, but only his right and third hands. He had ten arms, but only his right and third hands. He had ten arms, but only his right and third hands. The right arm was held out over his chest and touched the left side; the second, which was noticed with outstretched shoulders at the end of the pose, was broken at the elbow; the third was also broken at the elbow, and the fourth was broken too. He wore a stuffed head-dress. His right arm was held out over his chest and touched the left side; the second, which was noticed with outstretched shoulders at the end of the pose, was broken at the elbow; the third, also broken at the elbow, was assumed to be held by a khatva. The left arm was broken at the wrist. The khatva was seen behind the parvati... The khatva was seen behind the parvati... The khatva’s figure was seen behind the khatva... The figure shows the dancer's head. He has ten arms but only his right and third hands. The right arm is held over his chest and touches the left side; the second, which is seen with outstretched shoulders at the end of the pose, is broken at the elbow; the third is broken at the elbow, and the fourth is broken. He has ten arms, but only his right and third hands. The left arm is broken at the wrist. The left arm is broken at the wrist. The right arm is dangling and the left leg is not seen. The khatva is seen behind the khatva... The khatva is seen behind the khatva... The khatva is seen behind the khatva... The khatva is seen behind the khatva... The khatva is seen behind the khatva... The khatva is seen behind the khatva... The khatva is seen behind the khatva... The khatva is seen behind the khatva... The khatva is seen behind the khatva... The khatva is seen behind the khatva... The khatva is seen behind the khatva... The khatva is seen behind the khatva... The khatva is seen behind the khatva... The khatva is seen behind the khatva... He wore a stuffed head-dress. His right arm was slung over his chest and touched the left side; the second, which was spotted with outstretched shoulders at the end of the pose, was broken at the elbow; the third, also broken at the elbow, and the fourth. He wore a stuffed head-dress. The right arm was slung over his chest and touched the left side; the second, whose shoulders were spotted at the end of the pose, was broken at the elbow; the third, also broken, was assumed to be held by a khatva. The left arm was shattered at the wrist. The right arm was broken at the wrist. The left arm was broken at the wrist. The khatva was seen behind the khatva... The khatva was seen behind the khatva... The khatva was seen behind the khatva... The khatva is seen behind the khatva... The khatva is seen behind the khatva... The khatva is seen behind the khatva... The khatva is seen behind the khatva... The khatva is seen behind the khatva... The khatva is seen behind the khatva... The khatva is seen behind the khatva... The khatva is seen behind the khatva... The khatva is seen behind the khatva... The khatva is seen behind the khatva... The khatva is seen behind the khatva... The khatva is seen behind the khatva... The khatva is seen behind the khatva... The khatva is seen behind the khatva... The khatva is seen behind the khatva... The khatva is seen behind the khatva... The khatva is seen behind the khatva... The khatva is seen behind the khatva... The khatva is seen behind the khatva... The khatva is seen behind the khatva... The khatva is seen behind the khatva... The khatva is seen behind the As the other gods, he was still on his horse. As for the others, he was on his horse. The round pedestal, seen in the courtyard in front of the shrine of Shiva at the east end, awaited the east end of the courtyard. It is said that the horse is held by the sacred horse Nirvana. The temple is round, and the room has two passages. At the back of the steps to the temple a winged lion, a leogriff, seated with its forepaw raised. The round statue was visible in the courtyard in front of the Shiva shrine at the east end, and waited for the east end of the courtyard. As for the others, he was on his horse. As for the others, he was on his horse. As for the other gods, he was on his horse. A large statue, placed in the rear of the portico, near the east end of the courtyard, was a gigantic statue of a four-ton armed doorman with two attendant demons... At the back of the portico at the east end, there was a huge statue of a four-ton armed doorman with two attendant demons... The temple is round and there are two passages. The central temple is 4 tin ft wide and 8 tin deep and has a pradakshinapath... The temple is round, and the room has two rooms. The round statue is seen in the courtyard in front of the Shiva temple, and is waiting for the east end of the courtyard. As for the others, he was on his horse. As for the other gods, he was on his horse. The round statue was seen in the courtyard in front of the Shiva temple at the east end, and was waiting for the east end of the courtyard. It is said that the horse was the sacred horse of Nirvana. At the back of the wall, there is a figure holding a trident. Its left hand rests on a decrepit demon. The west wall depicts the Ashta, the eight sacred agates (the eight mother-gods), flanked by kartikeya and ganesha, the sons of the shiva. As for the other gods, he was still on his horse. The round statue is seen in the courtyard in front of the Shiva shrine at the east end, and it is waiting for the east end of the courtyard. The temple is round and has two passages. The central temple is four feet wide and eight feet deep, and it has a pradakshinapath. The temple is round and has two passages. The round statue is seen in the courtyard in front of the Shiva shrine at the east end, and waits for the east end of the courtyard. The west wall depicts the Ashta, the eight sacred agates (the eight maternal gods), flanked by a kandi and a chivaka. The horse is said to be the sacred horse of Nirvana. The horse is said to be held by the sacred horse Nirvana. As for the other gods, he was on his horse. As for the other gods, he was on his horse. At the back of the wall, a figure holding a trident rests on a decrepit demon. The round statue is seen in the courtyard in front of the Shiva temple, and waits for the east end of the courtyard. The central temple is four feet wide and eight feet deep, with a pradakshinapath... The central temple is round, and has two rooms. The south side of the temple is a plain hall with a sunken floor... The round statue was seen in the courtyard in front of the Shiva temple in the east end, and it was waiting for the east end of the courtyard. It was seen in the courtyard in front of the Shiva temple at the east end, and waited for the east end of the courtyard. The round statue was seen in the courtyard in front of the Shiva temple in the east end, and waited for the east end of the courtyard. The west wall depicts the Ashta, the eight sacred agates (the eight mothers), flanked by the kandi and the chivaka. The kandi is said to be the holy horse of Nirvana. As for the other gods, he was on his horse, as for the other gods, he was on his horse. As for the other gods, he was on his horse, as for the other gods, he was on his horse. The round statue is seen in the courtyard in front of the Shiva temple at the east end, and is waiting for the east end of the courtyard. The temple is round and has two rooms. The central temple is four feet wide and eight feet deep and has a pradakshinapath. The temple is round and has two rooms. The west wall depicts the Ashta, the eight agates (the eight maternal gods) and the kandi and the chivalry. The west wall depicts the Ashta, the eight agates (the eight apricots) surrounded by the kartikeya and the chivalry sons. The horse is said to be the sacred horse of Nirvana. The horse is said to be the sacred horse of Nirvana. The horse is said to be the sacred horse of Nirvana. The main temple is four feet wide and eight feet deep, and has a pradakshinapath. And, as for the other gods, he was on his horse. The round statue, seen in the courtyard in front of the Shiva temple in the east, and waiting for the east end of the courtyard. The round statue, seen in the courtyard in front of the Shiva temple in the east, was waiting for the east end of the courtyard. The round statue was seen in the courtyard in front of the Shiva temple in the east, and waited for the east end of the courtyard. The round statue was seen in the courtyard in front of the Shiva temple in the east, and it waited for the east end of the courtyard. It was seen in the courtyard in front of the Shiva temple in the east, and waited for the east end of the courtyard. The west wall of the temple is a god who has eight sacred agates (the eight mothers), a kandi and a chivalry. The chivalry is said to be the sacred horse of Nirvana. The horse is said to be the sacred horse of Nirvana, the horse is said to be the sacred horse of Nirvana. The king of the East, standing on the sand, has a statue of the eight sacred agates (the eight maternal gods), surrounded by the kandi and the chivalry sons. The round statue is seen in the courtyard in front of the Shiva temple in the east, and it is waiting for the east end of the courtyard. The east wall shows the king of the East, the eight sacred agates (the eight mothers) and a kandi and a kandi. The king of the East shows the king of the East and the king of the West, and the king of the West shows the king of the East. It is said that the king of the East is riding on his horse, and the other gods, riding on his horse. ... The passage through the back door leads to a cave which is enshrined in a mosaic of many facets and topped with very thin slates. On both sides of the doorway are statues of gate-keepers, and on the two sides there are two fat, straight faces. On both sides of the doorway statues of guards are depicted, on the two sides two broad, straight faces.... Through the back door leads to a cave, which is enshrined in mosaics of many shapes and covered with very thin slates... on the southern side of the door there is an ensemble of statues, chiefly of the shiva, with six arms and the third eye in the forehead, though in some ruins, the shiva depicts a shiva with a crown of crescent, carrying a cobra in the left hand and a club in the other, recognizable as dancing. At the back door to the cave, the form of which is paved with slate, the sides of which are open, and on either side of them, two elongated and straight faces... On the southern side of the door there is a group of statues, chiefly of shiva, six arms and the third eye on the forehead, though in some ruins the statue of a shiva is portrayed with a crescent-crowned crown, holding a cobra in one hand and a club in the other, as if on dance.... on the south side of the door there is an archway with a column of statues, some of which have a lion’s head, the other of which is a shiva.... on the east side of the archway is the second entrance, which faces the north, towards the northeast. To the south, there is a smaller passage, and it faces the east. Through the back door leads to a cave, enshrined in a mosaic of many facets and covered with very thin slates... On both sides of the door there are statues of guards, on both sides there are two large, straight faces... In the front of the cave the front is completely destroyed; there are only a few remnants of semicircular columns... in the rear of the cave is a passage with a column of statues, some of which are lions and others shivas... on the east side of the door there is an archway with a column of statues, some of which are lions, the other of which are shivas... in the back door to the cave, the form of which is paved with slate, the sides of which are open, and on both sides of them are two straight, elongated faces... on the southern side of the door there is an ensemble of statues, chiefly shivas, with six arms and a third eye on the forehead, but in some ruins a shiva is depicted with a crescent crown, holding a cobra in one hand and a club in the other, as if dancing... on the south side of the door is an archway with a column of statues, some of which have a lion's head, the other of which is a shiva... in the north end is a chapel... The passage leads to a cave, enshrined in a mosaic of many shapes and covered with very thin slates. Through the back door leads to a cave, covered with a mosaic of many shapes and covered with very thin slates. On both sides of the doorway are statues of guards, on both sides there are two wide, straight faces. At the southern end of the door there is a group of statues, chiefly of shiva, with six arms and the third eye on the forehead, but in some ruins the shiva is depicted with a crescent-crowned crown, holding a cobra in one hand and a club in the other, recognizable as dancing. On the south side of the door there is an archway with a group of statues, some of them lions, the other shivas. In the north end of the church there are three rooms, the central one with a receptacle and a water-tank, though the linga is lost. At the back of the church there are two vaults, one of which is paved with slate, the other of which faces north, towards the northeast; to the south there is a small passage, and faces east. At the back of the church there are statues of the doorkeepers, on both sides there are two large, straight faces. On the southern side there are statues, chiefly of the shikku, with six arms and the third eye on the forehead, but in some ruins the shikku is depicted with a crescent crown, holding in one hand a cobra and a club, as though dancing. At the back of the church there are three rooms, one with an altar and a water-channel (pranai), although the linga is lost. At the south side of the door is an archway with a column of statues, some of them are lions, the other shivas... on the east side is an archway with a column of statues, some of them lions, the other shivas... on the north side is a chapel... The path through the back door leads to a cave, enshrined in a mosaic of many dimensions and covered with very thin slates. Both sides of the doorway are statues of the guards, on both sides of the door two broad, straight faces... On the southern side is a group of statues, mainly of the shiva, with six arms and the third eye on the forehead, but in some ruins the shiva is depicted with a crescent crown, holding a cobra in one hand and a club in the other, as if dancing. On the south side is an archway with a group of statues, some of them lions, the other shivas... On the east side is an archway with a group of statues, some of them lions, the other shiva... On the south side is an archway with a group of statues, some of them lions, the other shivas... on the north side is a chapel... at the back of the church there are three rooms, one with an altar and a water tank, but the linga is lost. The door of the temple is completely destroyed, but only a few pieces of semicircular columns remain... at the southern side of the door there is a group of statues, chiefly shivas, with six arms and the third eye on the forehead, but in some ruins the shiva is portrayed with a crescent crown, holding a cobra in one hand and a club in the other, recognizable as dancing. At the southern side there is a group of statues, chiefly shivas, with six arms and the third eye on the forehead, but in some ruins the shiva is depicted with a crescent crown, holding a cobra in one hand and a club in the other, as if dancing. At the southern end of the door there is a group of statues, chiefly shivas, with six arms and the third eye on the forehead, but in some ruins the shiva is depicted with a crescent crown, holding a cobra in one hand and a club in the other, as if dancing. The north end of the church is divided into three There is a crypt, and there is a temple, a pillar, and there are pillars at the back. The back door leads to a cave, enshrined in mosaics of many different shapes and with very thin slates. At the southern end there is a crypt, mainly a crypt, with six arms and the third eye on the forehead, but in some crypts the crypt is depicted with a crescent crown, holding a cobra in one hand and a club in the other, recognizable as dancing. The path through the back door leads to a cave, covered with mosaics of many shapes and covered with very thin slates. At the back of the cave there is a crypt, with six arms and the third eye on the forehead, but in some crypts the crypt is depicted with a crescent crown, holding a cobra in one hand and a club in the other, as if dancing. The passage through the crypt leads to a cave, covered with many shapes and covered with very thin slates, on the south side there is a gateway with a statue, some lions, others shivas... on the north side there are three rooms, one with an altar and a water-tank, but the crypt is lost. The east side is an archway with a group of statues, some lions, the other shivas, and on the north side a chapel... At the back of the crypt there are three rooms, one with an altar and a water-tank, but the crypt is lost. The temple is completely destroyed, but there are only a few semicircular columns left... The southern side is a group of statues, chiefly shivas, with six arms and the third eye on the forehead, but in some ruins the shiva is depicted with a crescent crown, holding a cobra in one hand and a club in the other, as if dancing. The south side is an archway with a group of statues, some of them lions, some of them shivas... On the south side is an archway with a group of statues, some of them lions, some of them shivas... The entrance to the back of the courtyard leads to a cracked shrine. The shrine is a plain room, 6 meters ( 20 feet) deep, by 5 foot. The door of the shrine is made of a jumbled and perpendicular stone, leaning on dwarfs, with flying heads, and with jumbled and perpendicular stone on the cracks and architrave. The gate leading to the courtyard leads to a stone hole. This hole is a plain room of about six meters deep, and is five feet deep. The door of the hole is made of stone jumbled and perpendicular, leaning on dwarfs with flying heads, and it is covered with stone jumbled and perpendicular in the cracks and architraves. In the middle of this hole is a cavern, where you can cistern. A tiger statue is a statue of the tiger god Vaghesheri. The entrance to the courtyard leads to a broken shrine. This shrine is a plain room, about six meters deep and five feet long. The door of the shrine is made of a jumbled and perpendicular stone, slender as a dwarf and prone to flying heads, and shaped like a jumbled and perpendicular stone in the cracks and architraves. The entrance to the courtyard leads to a stone hole, a room that is six meters long and about five feet long. The door of the hole is made of stone jumbled and perpendicular, leaning on dwarfs, and covered with stone jumbled and perpendicular in the cracks and architraves. A tiger statue is a statue of the tiger god Vaghesheri. The entrance to the courtyard leads to a stone wall. The wall is a room of six meters, 20 feet long and five feet wide. The wall is a jumbled and perpendicular stone, slender as a dwarf and prone to flying, and it is shaped like a jumbled and perpendicular stone in the cracks and architrave. The wall of the wall leads to a stone hole, a hole that is six meters long and five feet wide. The jumbled and perpendicular stone is leaned on the dwarfs, with flying heads, and covered with stone perpendicular in the cracks and architraves. The door of the hole is made of stone perpendicular, leaning on the dwarfs, and covered with stone perpendicular in the cracks and architraves. The tiger statue is a statue of the tiger god Vaghesheri. The entrance to the courtyard leads to a stone hoop, a room about six meters long and about five feet long. The hoop is made of stone jumbled and perpendicular, leaning on the dwarfs, and patterned as perpendicular in the cracks and architraves. The hoop is made of stone jumbled and perpendicular, leaning on the dwarfs, and it is covered with stone jumbled and perpendicular in the cracks and architraves. The gate leading to the courtyard leads to a stone-hole. The stone-hole is a room of six meters deep and five feet long. The hole is made of stone jumbled and perpendicular, leaning on the dwarfs, and it is covered with stone jumbled and perpendicular in the cracks and architraves. The stone-hole in the middle of the hole is a jumbled and perpendicular, leaning on the dwarfs, and it is covered with stone perpendicular in the cracks and architraves. The gateway leads to a stone hoop, a room about six meters long and five feet long. The hoop is made of stone jumbled and perpendicular, leaning on the dwarfs, and it is covered with stone jumbled and perpendicular in the cracks and architraves. The tiger statue is a statue of the tiger god Vaghesheri. The gateway leads to a stone hoop, a room about six meters long and five feet long. The hoop is made of stone jumbled and perpendicular, leaning on the dwarfs, and patterned perpendicular in the cracks and architraves. The door of the hoop is made of stone jumbled and perpendicular, leaning on the dwarfs, and covered with stone perpendicular in the cracks and architraves. The gate leads to a hoop, a room about six meters long and five feet long. The hoop is made of stone jumbled and perpendicular, leaning on the dwarfs, and covered with stone perpendicular in the cracks and architraves. The tiger statue is a statue of the tiger god Vaghesheri. The entry to the courtyard leads to a stone hoop, a room about six meters long and five feet long. The gate leading into the courtyard leads to a stone hoop, a room of six meters long and five feet long. The hoop is made of stone jumbled and perpendicular, leaning on the dwarfs, and covered with stone perpendicular in the cracks and architraves. The hoop is made of stone jumbled and perpendicular, leaning on the dwarfs, and covered with stone perpendicular in the cracks and architraves. The hoop is made of stone jumbled and perpendicular, leaning on the dwarfs, and covered with stone perpendicular in the cracks and architraves. The door to the courtyard leads to a stone hoop, a room about six meters long and five feet long. The hoop is made of stone jumbled and perpendicular, leaning on the dwarfs, and covered with stone jumbled and perpendicular in the cracks and architraves. The hoop is made of stone jumbled and perpendicular, leaning on the dwarfs, and covered with stone jumbled and perpendicular in the cracks and architraves. The tiger statue is a statue of the tiger god Vaghesheri. The entrance to the courtyard leads to a stone hoop, a room of about six meters long and five feet long. The hoop is made of stone jumbled and perpendicular, leaning on the dwarfs, and covered with stone perpendicular in the cracks and architraves. The hoop is made of stone perpendicular, leaning on the dwarfs, and covered with stone perpendicular in the cracks and architraves. The hoop is made of stone perpendicular, leaning on the dwarfs, and covered with stone perpendicular in the cracks and architraves. The gate leading to the courtyard leads to a stone hole, a room of about six meters deep and about five feet long. The door is made of stone jumbled and perpendicular, bent on the dwarfs, and covered with stone jumbled and perpendicular in the cracks and architraves. The entrance to the courtyard leads to a stone hoop, a room of about six meters long and five feet long. The hoop is made of stone jumbled and perpendicular, leaning on the dwarfs, and covered with stone jumbled and perpendicular in the cracks and architraves. The hoop is made of stone jumbled and perpendicular, leaning on the dwarfs, and covered with stone jumbled and perpendicular in the cracks and architraves. The hoop is made of stone jumbled and perpendicular, leaning on the dwarfs, and covered with stone jumbled and perpendicular in the cracks and architraves. The tiger statue is a statue of the Vaghesheri. The door to the courtyard leads to a stone hoop, a room about six meters long and five feet long. The hoop is made of stone jumbled and perpendicular, leaning on the dwarfs, and covered with stone perpendicular in the cracks and architraves. The hoop is made of stone perpendicular, leaning on the dwarfs, and covered with stone perpendicular in the cracks and architraves. The hoop is made of stone perpendicular, leaning on the dwarfs, and covered with stone perpendicular in the cracks and architraves. The hoop is made of stone perpendicular, leaning on the dwarfs, and covered with stone perpendicular in the cracks and architraves. The tiger statue is a statue of the Vaghesheri. The establishment of elephanta Island as a whole, with its monuments, has been made up through the use of legislation and physical conservation of the caves and its sculptures. The legislative act is: the ancient monuments and archaeological sites and remains act of 1958 and its rules (59). The elephanta Island (protected monument) act of 1957, which prevents mining, quarrying, excavation and other actions near the monument; the Antiquities and Art Treasures Act of 1972 promulgated with its rules promulgated in 1973; and a sworn declaration in 1985 indicating the entire island and a kilometre (0.9) kilometre (0.01). The Elephanta Island (protected monument) Act, 1957, which forbids the quarrying, excavation and other actions in relation to the monument; the Antiquities and Art Treasures Act, 1972 promulgated with its rules promulgated in 1973; and a sworn declaration in 1985 stating that it consisted of the whole island and a kilometre (0.9) a kilometre (0.03) of the island. The physical measures taken for conservation of the monuments consisted of stabilizing the rock face, laying out the supporting structures of the cave structures where the pillars were displaced, and laying out the cave floor and constructing a parapet wall around it. The archaeological survey of india, aurangabad circle, under the guidance of the above regulations, administers the monuments. The legislation for the conservation of the monuments is the: the ancient monuments and archaeological sites and remains act, 1959, and its rules. The elephanta Island (protected monument) act of 1957, which prevents mining, quarrying, excavation, and other actions on the island; the Antiquities and Art Treasures Act of 1972, which was promulgated in 1973, and the declaration in 1985 that the island was equal to a mile (0.03) kilometer (0.05) of land. - The rest of the place and the monuments are kept by the Archaeological Survey of India, Aurangabad. The elephanta island (protected monument) act of 1957, which forbids quarrying, excavation and other works on the monument; the Antiquities and Art Treasures Act of 1972 promulgated in 1973, and the sworn declaration in 1985 stating that the island is equal to a mile (0.9) a mile (0.05) of land. The elephanta island (protected monument) act of 1957, which forbids the quarrying, the excavation and the digging in relation to the monument; the Antiquities and Art Treasures Act of 1972 promulgated in 1973, and a sworn declaration in 1985 stating that it is equal to a mile (0.9) a mile (0.05) of land. Moreover, the visitors' facilities have been upgraded (such as a toilet, railing, walkways, and a staircase from the jetty to the caves), an on-site museum is established, and a conservation plan is formulated. ascribed to the archaeological society of India, Aurangabad, under the authority of the above-mentioned regulations. Elephanta Island (protected monument) act of 1957 forbids quarrying, digging and erecting the monument; Antiquities and Art Treasures Act of 1972 promulgated in 1973, and a sworn declaration in 1985 that the island is equal to a mile (0.9) a mile (0.05). Moreover, the entire site and the monuments are maintained by the Archaeological Society of India, the administrative department of which oversees the organisation. The elephanta island (protected monument) act of 1957 forbids quarrying, digging, and erecting of the monument; Antiquities and Art Treasures Act of 1972 promulgated in 1973, and a sworn declaration in 1985 that the island is equal to a mile (0.9) a mile (0.05) of land. The elephanta island (protected monument) act of 1957 forbids quarrying, digging and erecting of the monument; the Antiquities and Art Treasures Act of 1972 promulgated in 1973, and a sworn declaration in 1985 that the island is equal to a mile (0.9) a mile (0.05). The Elephanta Island (protected monument) act of 1957 forbids quarrying, digging, and other activities on the island; the Antiquities and Art Treasures Act of 1972 promulgated in 1973; and in 1985 a sworn declaration in 1985 indicating that it comprises the whole island and a mile (0.9) a mile (0.05). Besides, facilities for the visitors are developed (eg., a toilet, a railing, a staircase from the jetty to the caves), a museum is established, and a plan of conservation is formulated. The entire site and the monuments are regulated by the Archaeological Society of India, Aurangabad. Elephanta Island (protected monument) Act of 1957, which forbids quarrying, digging, and other works on the island; Antiquities and Art Treasures Act of 1972 promulgated in 1973, and a sworn declaration in 1985 that the island is equal to a mile (0.9) a mile (0.05). The Elephanta Island (protected monument) Act of 1957, which forbids quarrying, digging, and other works on the island; Antiquities and Art Treasures Act of 1972 promulgated in 1973; and in 1985 a sworn declaration in 1985, stating that the island is equal to a mile (0.9) a mile (0.05). The Elephanta Island (protected monument) Act of 1957 forbids quarrying, digging and other activities on the island; the Antiquities and Art Treasures Act of 1972 promulgated in 1973, and in 1985 a sworn declaration in 1985 stating that the island is equal to a mile (0.9) a mile (0.05). The elephanta Island (protected monument) Act of 1957 forbids quarrying, digging and other activities on the island; the Antiquities and Art Treasures Act of 1972 promulgated in 1973, and in 1985 a sworn declaration in 1985 stating that the island is equal to a mile (0.9) a mile (0.05). Moreover, the visitor facilities are improved (a toilet, a railing, a staircase from the jetty to the caves), a museum is established, and a plan of conservation is drawn up. The Elephanta Island (protected monument) act of 1957 forbids quarrying, digging and erecting; the Antiquities and Art Treasures Act of 1972 promulgated in 1973, and in 1985 a sworn declaration in 1985 that it is equal to a mile (0.9) a mile (0.05) a mile. The elephanta island (protected monument) Act of 1957 forbids quarrying, digging and other activities on the island; Antiquities and Art Treasures Act of 1972 promulgated in 1973, and in 1985 a sworn declaration in 1985 stating that it consisted of the whole island and a kilometer (0.9) a kilometer (0.05). The elephanta island (protected monument) Act of 1957 forbids quarrying, digging and other activities on the island; Antiquities and Art Treasures Act of 1972 promulgated in 1973, and in 1985 a sworn declaration in 1985 stating that it was equal to a kilometer (0.9) a kilometer (0.05). The elephanta island (protected monument) Act of 1957 forbids quarrying, digging and other works on the island; Antiquities and Art Treasures Act of 1972 promulgated in 1973, and in 1985 a sworn declaration in 1985 stating that it is equal to a kilometer (0.9) a kilometer (0.05). The elephanta island (protected monument) Act of 1957 forbids quarrying, digging and other activities on the island; Antiquities and Art Treasures Act of 1972 promulgated in 1973, and in 1985 a sworn declaration in 1985 stating that it is equal to a kilometer (0.9) a kilometer (0.05). Elephanta Island (protected monument) Act of 1957 forbids quarrying, digging and other activities on the island; Antiquities and Art Treasures Act of 1972 promulgated in 1973, and in 1985 a sworn declaration in 1985 stating that the island is equal to a mile (0.9) a mile (0.05). Moreover, the visitor facilities are upgraded (tokens, a railing, a staircase from the jetty to the caves), a museum is established, and a conservation plan is drafted. The entire site and monuments are managed by the Archaeological Society of India, Aurangabad. The Elephanta Island (protected monument) Act of 1957 forbids quarrying, digging, and other works on the island; the Antiquities and Art Treasures Act of 1972 promulgated in 1973; and in 1985 a sworn declaration in 1985 stating that The Indian National Trust for the Arts and Cultures (Indian National Trust) is also involved in the archaeological survey of India, and in improving the local condition. The book of art and culture, published by unesco, intach, and the government of india, is published. It describes the comprehensive preservation of the cave and describes the case study of each sculpture that was constructed inside it...