 All the Polish culture during world war ii was suppressed by the occupiers of the nazi-Germany and the Soviet Union, both hostile to the people and the heritage of poland. A policy of cultural genocide resulted in the deaths of thousands of scholars and artists and theft and destruction of countless cultural artifacts. All Polish culture in world war ii was suppressed by the occupiers of the nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, both hostile to the people and the culture of poland. The occupiers killed thousands of scholars and artists, stole and destroyed countless cultural objects. However, underground organizations and people, in particular the underground authorities of the polish underground state, saved and rebuilt the most valuable cultural properties, and strived to recover as many cultural institutions and artifacts as possible... The occupations looted and destroyed much of poland's cultural and historical heritage, while they persecuted and murdered the most prominent polonians. All Polish culture in world war ii was suppressed by the occupiers of nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, both hostile to the people and the culture of poland. The occupiers killed thousands of scholars and artists, and stole and destroyed countless cultural objects. The occupiers killed thousands of people and art objects, and stole and destroyed countless cultural objects. The occupations killed thousands of scholars and artists, stole and destroyed countless cultural objects. The occupations looted and destroyed a great deal of the culture of poland, while they persecuted and murdered the most important polonians. Despite severe retribution by the nazis and soviets, polish underground culture activities continued, especially publication, concerts, theatre, education, and scientific research. All Polish culture during the war ii was suppressed by the occupiers of the nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, both hostile to the people and to the culture of poland. The occupiers killed thousands of scholars and artists, and stole and destroyed countless cultural objects. All Polish culture during the war ii was suppressed by the occupiers of the nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, both hostile to the people and to the culture of poland. They killed thousands of scholars and artists, stole and destroyed countless cultural objects. The occupiers killed thousands of people and art objects, and stole and destroyed countless cultural objects. The occupiers murdered thousands of scholars and artists, stole and destroyed countless cultural objects. All Polish culture during the war ii was suppressed by the occupiers of the nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, both hostile to the people and to the culture of poland. They killed thousands of scholars and artists, stole and destroyed countless cultural objects. The occupations destroyed and destroyed much of the cultural heritage of poland, and persecuted and murdered the most important polonians. In 1939, Germany invaded poland and began World War ii in Europe, and on 17 september, according to the pact of Molotov - ribbentrop pact, poland was invaded by the Soviet union. All Polish culture in world war ii was suppressed by the occupiers of nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, both hostile to the people and the culture of poland. The occupiers killed thousands of scholars and artists, stole and destroyed countless cultural objects. The occupiers killed thousands of scholars and artists, stole and destroyed countless cultural objects. All Polish culture during world war ii was suppressed by the occupiers of nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, both hostile to the people and the culture of poland. The occupiers killed thousands of scholars and artists, stole and destroyed countless cultural objects. The occupiers killed thousands of scholars and artists, stole and destroyed countless cultural objects. Despite severe retribution from the nazis and soviets, the artists and scholars continued to publish, to play concerts, to stage and to study. The invaders killed thousands of people and art objects and stole and destroyed countless cultural objects. All Polish culture during world war ii was suppressed by the occupiers of nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, both hostile to the people and the culture of poland. The occupiers killed thousands of scholars and artists, stole and destroyed countless cultural objects. The occupiers killed thousands of scholars and artists, stole and destroyed countless cultural objects. All Polish culture during world war ii was suppressed by the occupiers of nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, both hostile to the people and to the culture of poland. The occupiers killed thousands of scholars and artists, stole and destroyed countless cultural objects. All Polish culture during the war years of the war years was suppressed by the occupiers of nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, both hostile to the people and the culture of poland. The occupiers killed thousands of scholars and artists and stole and destroyed countless cultural objects. The occupiers killed thousands of scholars and artists, and stole and destroyed countless cultural objects. All Polish culture during the war years of the war was suppressed by the occupiers of nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, both hostile to the people and to the culture of poland. All Polish culture during the war years was suppressed by the occupiers of nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, both hostile to the people and to the culture of poland. All Polish culture during the war years was suppressed by the occupiers of nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, both hostile to the people and to the culture of poland. The occupiers killed thousands of scholars and artists and stole and destroyed countless cultural objects. All Polish culture during the war years was suppressed by the occupiers of nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, both hostile to the people and to the culture of poland. They killed thousands of scholars and artists, stole and destroyed countless cultural objects. The occupiers killed thousands of people and art objects, stole and destroyed countless cultural objects. All Polish culture during the war years was suppressed by the occupiers of nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, both hostile to the people and to the culture of poland. The occupiers killed thousands of scholars and artists, stole and destroyed countless cultural objects. Despite severe punishment from the nazis and soviets, the artists and scholars continued to publish, play concerts, play stage, and study. All Polish culture during world war years was suppressed by the occupiers of nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, both hostile to the people and to the culture of poland. The occupiers killed thousands of scholars and artists, stole and destroyed countless cultural objects. All Polish culture during world war years was suppressed by the occupiers of nazi Germany and the Soviet Union, both hostile to the people and to the culture of poland. The occupiers killed thousands of scholars and artists, stole and destroyed countless cultural objects. The policy of the german government toward the polish people and its culture evolved during the war. During the war, the policy of the german government toward the Polish people and its culture developed. Many german officials and military officers were at first not given any clear guidelines on the treatment of the Polish cultural institutions. But this quickly changed. The policy of the german government toward the Polish people and its culture evolved during the war. Immediately after the invasion of Poland in September 1939, the nazi german government implemented the first steps of the "special plan" of generalplan ost. At first, a few german officials and military officials were not given clear instructions on how to deal with the Polish culture institutions. However, this quickly changed. The policy of the German government toward the Polish people and its culture developed during the war. In the course of the war, the policy of the german government toward the Polish people and its culture developed. During the war, the policy of the german government towards the Polish people and its culture developed. The policy of the german government toward the Polish people and its culture evolved during the war. Immediately after the invasion of Poland in September 1939, the nazi German government undertook to implement the first steps of the ‘special plan’ of the general government. It consisted of the German governor-general hans frank and the nazi minister of propaganda joseph goebbels. The policy of the german government toward the Polish people and its culture developed during the war. During the war the policy of the german government toward the Polish people and its culture developed. During the war the policy of the german government towards the Polish people and its culture developed. In the course of the war the policy of the german government towards the Polish people and its culture developed. The policy of the german government towards the Polish people and its culture developed during the war. Immediately after the invasion of Poland in September 1939, the nazi german government adopted the first steps of the ‘special plan’ of the general government. During the war the policy of the german government towards the Polish people and its culture developed. During the following weeks polish schools beyond the lower vocational levels were closed, as well as theaters and many other cultural institutions. But the policy quickly changed. Initially, a few German officials and military officers did not receive any clear instructions as to how to treat the Polish cultural institutions, but this quickly changed. The franks and he agreed that the opportunities given to the Poles to experience their culture would be severely limited. No theaters, no cinemas, no cabarets, no radio and no press; and no education... After the invasion of Poland in September 1939, the nazi german government undertook to implement the first steps of the "special plan" of the general government. In the course of the war, the german government undertook to establish the Polish people and their culture. The policy of the german government against the Polish people and their culture developed during the war. During the war, the policy of the german government against the Polish people and their culture developed. During the war, the policy of the german government against the Polish people and their culture developed during the war. During the war, the policy of the german government toward the Polish people and its culture developed. In the course of the war, the policy of the german government against the Polish people and its culture developed during the war. Initially, a few German officials and military officials were not given clear instructions on how to treat the Polish cultural institutions, but that quickly changed. In march 1940, all cultural activities were under the direct supervision of the general government's department of people's education and propaganda (the department of zdarma and propaganda), whose name was changed a year later to the "chief propaganda department" (the hauptministerium of propaganda). The government of the german government towards the Polish people and culture developed during the war. The government of the german government towards the Polish people and culture developed during the war. During the war, the government of the german government towards the Polish people and culture developed during the war. During the war, the government of the german government towards the Polish people and culture developed. The policy of the german government towards the Polish people and culture developed during the war. The German governor-general hans frank and the Nazi minister of propaganda joseph goebbels agree that the possibilities for Polish people to experience their culture would be severely limited. The policy of the german government towards the Polish people and its culture developed during the war. During the war, the policy of the german government towards the Polish people and its culture developed during the war. The policy of the german government towards the Polish people and its culture developed during the war. The policy of the german government towards the Polish people and its culture developed during the war. During the war, the policy of the german government towards the Polish people and their culture developed during the war. During the war, the policy of the german government towards the Polish people and its culture developed during the war. The policy of the german government towards the Polish people and its culture developed during the war. During the war, the policy of the german government against the Polish people and their culture developed during the war. The policy of the german government against the Polish people and their culture developed during the war. During the war, the policy of the german government against the Polish people and their culture developed during the war. Initially, a few German officials and military officials were not given clear instructions on how to treat the Polish cultural institutions, but that quickly changed. The policy of the german government towards the Polish people and their culture developed during the war. During the war, the policy of the german government towards the Polish people and their culture developed during the war. During the war, the policy of the german government towards the Polish people and their culture developed during the war. During the war, the policy of the german government towards the Polish people and their culture developed during the war. The policy of the german government towards the Polish people and their culture developed during the war. During the war, the policy of the german government towards the Polish people and their culture developed during the war. The German governor-general hans frank and the Nazi minister of propaganda joseph goebbels agree that the opportunities for the Polish people to experience their culture would be severely limited. To appease the public and to show the world the real polish culture, e.g., it would be enough for the German propaganda specialists to invite the opinion of neutral nations to an activity centered on edifying or irritating Polish characters and to show that germany was not hindering poles from expressing themselves... To appease the public and to show the world the real Polish culture, the German propaganda specialists would be obliged to draw on the opinion of neutral nations to an activity based on either edifying or irritating Polish characters, and to show that Germany was not hindering the Polish speaking... [3] and so on. For the time being, in October, German collaboration in cultural matters, such as joint performances, was strictly forbidden. In october, new polish... __language books were forbidden, existing titles were forbidden, and often confiscated and withdrawn. For the time being, in October, German collaboration in cultural matters, such as joint performances, was strictly forbidden. To appease the public and show the world the real Polish culture, the German propaganda specialists had to draw on the opinion of neutral nations to an activity centered on edifying or irritating Polish characters and to show that Germany did not hinder the Polish speaking. In order to appease the public and show the world the real Polish culture, the German propaganda specialists would have to draw on the opinion of neutral nations to an activity that was either edifying or annoying Polish characters, and show that Germany did not hinder Polish speaking... and so on. In the course of the 1940s, the German policy evolved further, calling for the complete destruction of the Polish people, whom the nazis regarded as "subhumans" (unschens)... The aim of the German propaganda specialists was to appeal to the opinion of neutral nations and show that Germany did not hinder Polish literature. In order to appease the public and to show the world the real Polish culture, the German propaganda specialists had to draw on the opinion of neutral nations to an activity which was either edifying or irritating Polish characters and show that Germany did not hinder Polish literature... To appease the public and show the world the real Polish culture, the German propaganda specialists had to draw on the opinion of neutral nations to an activity which either edifies or annoying Polish characters, and show that Germany did not hinder Polish literature... and so on. In the course of the 1940s, the German policy was further developed, and called for the complete destruction of the Polish people, whom the nazis considered "subhumans" (unschens)... For the time being, in October, German cooperation in cultural matters, such as joint performances, was strictly forbidden. In october, new polish... literature was forbidden, existing titles were forbidden, and often confiscated and withdrawn. In order to please the public and show the world the real Polish culture, the German propaganda specialists were obliged to draw on the opinion of neutral nations to an activity based on edifying or arousing Polish characters, and to prove that Germany did not hinder Polish speaking... and so on. The aim of the German propaganda specialists was to appeal to the opinion of neutral nations and prove that Germany did not hinder Polish literature. To appease the public and to show the world the real Polish culture, the German propaganda specialists had to draw on the opinion of neutral nations to an activity aimed at appeasing or irritating Polish characters, and prove that Germany did not hinder Polish literature. In order to appease the public and show the world the real Polish culture, the German propaganda specialists had to draw on the opinion of neutral nations to an activity that either appeased or annoyed Polish characters, and prove that Germany did not hinder Polish language... and so on. For the time being, in October, German collaboration in cultural affairs, such as joint performances, was strictly forbidden. In the course of the 1940s, the German policy was further developed, and called for the complete destruction of the Polish people, whom the nazis considered “subhumans” (unschens). In order to please the public and show the world the real Polish culture, the German propaganda specialists had to draw on the opinion of neutral nations to an activity that either edifies or inflames Polish characters, and show that Germany does not inflame Polish speakers... In order to please the public and show the world the real Polish culture, the German propaganda specialists had to draw on the opinion of neutral nations to an activity that either edifies or inflames Polish characters, and show that Germany does not inflame Polish speaking... and so on. In the course of the 1940s, the German policy grew further and called for the complete destruction of the Polish people, whom the nazis considered “subhumans” (unschens). For the time being, in October, German cooperation in cultural matters, such as joint performances, was strictly forbidden. For the time being, in October, German cooperation in cultural matters, such as joint performances, was strictly forbidden. To appease the public and to show the world the real Polish culture, the German propaganda specialists had to draw on the opinion of neutral nations to an activity that appeased or irritated Polish characters and showed that Germany did not hinder Polish speaking. For the purpose of appeasing the public and showing the world the real Polish culture, the German propaganda specialists had to draw on the opinion of neutral nations to an activity that edifies or irritates Polish characters, and prove that Germany does not hinder Polish speaking. To appease the public and show the world the real Polish culture, the German propaganda specialists had to draw on the opinion of neutral nations to an activity that either edifies or irritates Polish characters and prove that Germany does not hinder Polish speaking... and so on. In the course of the 1940s, the German policy was further developed and called for the complete destruction of the Polish people, whom the nazis considered “subhumans”...... To appease the public and show the world the real Polish culture, the German propaganda specialists had to draw on the opinion of neutral nations to an activity that either edifies or irritates Polish characters, and show that Germany does not hinder Polish language... and so on. The aim of the German propaganda specialists was to appeal to the opinion of neutral nations and prove that Germany does not hinder Polish literature. In order to appease the public and show the world the real Polish culture, the German propaganda specialists had to draw on the opinion of neutral nations to an activity that either edifies or irritates Polish characters, and prove that Germany does not hinder Polish language... and so on. In the course of the 1940s the German policy grew further and called for the complete destruction of the Polish people, whom the nazis considered “subhumans” (unschens). In order to appease the public and show the world the real Polish culture, the German propaganda specialists had to draw on the opinion of neutral nations to an activity that either edifies or irritates Polish characters, and prove that Germany does not hinder Polish language... and so on. At the time of the occupation in 1939 the nazis confiscated the property of the Polish state and much of the private property. The confiscation was supervised by experts of the Ss@ ahnenerbe, the ahnenerbe's art decoction, and of the haupttreuhandstelle ost, who confiscated the more trivial... At the time of occupation in 1939 the nazis confiscated the state property and a great deal of private property. The confiscation was supervised by experts from the Museums en erbe, the museum of the ahnenerbe, and by the haupttreuhandstelle ost, who confiscated the most trivial... a few of the most important art objects were confiscated by the nazis in the first six months of the year 1939; by the end of 1942, the German authorities had estimated that "about 80%" of the old art in Poland was in their possession. Most of the art pieces were shipped to the German museums, such as the fuhrermuseum in linz, and the rest were the private property of the nazis. At the time of the occupation in 1939, the nazis confiscated the state property and a great deal of private property. The confiscation was supervised by experts from the Museums en erbe, the Museum of the ahnenerbe, and by the haupttreuerbe, who confiscated the most trivial. During the first six months of the year 1939, the nazis confiscated numerous important objects; by the end of 1942 the German authorities had calculated that “more than 80%” of the Polish art was in their possession. Moreover, over five thousand individual art pieces were taken by the nazis, among which were: 2, 800 paintings by european artists; 11, 800 works by polish artists; 1, 800 sculptures, 75, 800 manuscripts, 25, 000 maps, and 90, 800 books (including more than 20, 1800 books printed before 1800) ; and also many other works of art and history, such as zoos, or even exotic animals... During the first six months of 1939, the nazis confiscated a great many important things. By the end of 1942 the German authorities had calculated that "more than 80%" of the Polish art was in their possession. In the second half of 1939, the nazis confiscated state property and a great deal of private property. The confiscation was supervised by experts from the Museums en erbe, the Museum of the ahnenerbe, and the haupttreuerbe, who confiscated the most trivial... During the first half of 1939 the nazis confiscated several important things; by the end of 1942 the German authorities had estimated that "more than 80%" of the old Polish art was in their possession. Moreover, over five thousand individual art objects were taken by the nazis, among which were: 2,800 paintings by european artists; 11,800 works by Polish artists; 1,800 sculptures, 75,800 manuscripts, 25, 000 maps, and 90,800 books (in addition to 20, 1800 books printed before 1800) and many other art and history, such as zoos, or even exotic animals... twenty - - five museums and a host of other institutions were destroyed in the war. At the occupation in 1939 the nazis confiscated the property of the Polish state and a great deal of private property. The confiscation was supervised by experts from the Museums en erbe, the Museum of the ahnenerbe, and the haupttreuerbe, who confiscated the most trivial. During the first six months of 1939 the nazis confiscated many important things; by the end of 1942 the German authorities had estimated that "more than 80%" of the Polish art was in their possession. The confiscation was supervised by experts from the Museums en erbe, the Museum of the ahnenerbe, and the haupttreuerbe, who confiscated the most trivial. During the first six months of 1939, the nazis confiscated numerous important things; by the end of 1942 the German authorities had estimated that "more than 80%" of the Polish art was in their possession. During the first six months of 1939, the nazis confiscated many important things; at the end of 1942, the German authorities estimated that "more than 80%" of the Polish art was in their possession; and the second half of 1939 the nazis confiscated the state property and a great deal of private property. During the first half of 1939, the nazis confiscated a great many objects; by the end of 1942, the German authorities estimated that "more than 80%" of the old Polish art was in their possession. Moreover, over five thousand individual art objects were confiscated by the nazis, among which: 2,800 paintings by european artists; 11,800 works by Polish artists; 1,800 sculptures, 75, 800 manuscripts, 25, 000 maps, and 90, 800 books (in addition to 20, 1800 books printed before 1800) and many other works of art and history, such as zoos, or even exotic animals... twenty-five museums and a host of other institutions were destroyed during the war. And at times, he was executed, or even sent to prison, in camps like ab@ - aktion... During World War I, Poland lost 39 % to 45 % of its doctors and dentists, 26 % to 57 % of its lawyers, 15 % to 30 % of its teachers, 30 % to 40 % of its scientists and university professors, and 18 % to 28 % of its clergy... He was sometimes executed, or even sent to prison, in such camps as ab.—aktion... Poland lost in World War I 39 % to 45 % doctors and dentists, 26 % to 57 % lawyers, 15 % to 30 % teachers, 30 % to 40 % scientists and university professors, and 18 % to 28 % of its clergy. In this manner the jewish intelligentsia was completely destroyed. As part of their program to suppress the German way of life, the german nazis attempted to destroy christianity in poland, with particular emphasis on the catholic church of Rome. He was sometimes executed or even sent to prison in such camps as ab - aktion. Poland lost in World War I, 39 % to 45 % doctors and dentists, 26 % to 57 % lawyers, 15 % to 30 % teachers, 30 % to 40 % scientists and university professors, and 18 % to 28 % of clergy. In the course of the German war, the German nazis tried to destroy Christianity in Poland, with special emphasis on the catholic church in Rome. In Poland, in the course of World War I, they lost, 36 % to 45 % doctors and dentists, 26 % to 57 % lawyers, 15 % to 30 % teachers, 30 % to 40 % scientists and university professors, and 18 % to 28 % of clergy. In some parts of occupied poland, poles were prohibited or even forbidden to go to religious services, at the same time, church property was confiscated, prohibitions were imposed on the Polish language in religious services, organizations affiliated with the catholic church were thrown out, and it was forbidden to sing some religious songs or read passages of the bible in public. He was sometimes executed, or even sent to prison in such camps as ab-aktion. During World War I, Poland lost 40 % to 45 % doctors and dentists, 35 % to 57 % lawyers, 35 % to 30 % teachers, 35 % to 40 % scientists and university professors, and 18 % to 28 % of clergy. In World War I, Poland lost 38 % to 45 % doctors and dentists, 35 % to 45 % lawyers, 35 % to 30 % teachers, 35 % to 40 % scientists and university professors, and 18 % to 28 % of clergy. In the course of the German war, the German nazis tried to destroy Christianity in Poland, with special emphasis on the catholic church of Rome. In the course of the German war, the German nazis tried to destroy Christianity in Poland, with special emphasis on the catholic church in Rome. In the course of the German war, the German nazis tried to destroy Christianity in Poland, with special emphasis on the catholic church in Rome. The  Reichsfuhrer, reichsfuhrer, wrote in a memo of May 1940: “The sole purpose of this school is to teach them basic arithmetic, not more than 500, how to write the name of oneself, and the doctrine that it is divine law to obey the germans.” In this way, the Jewish intelligentsia was completely destroyed. In some parts of occupied Poland, or even forbidden to go to religious services, were confiscated church property, bans were imposed on the Polish language in religious services, thrown out, church organizations were thrown out, and they were forbidden to sing or read from the bible in public. In the course of the German war, the German nazis tried to destroy Christianity in Poland, with particular attention to the catholic church in Rome. In World War I, Poland lost 39 % to 45 % doctors and dentists, 35 % to 57 % lawyers, 35 % to 30 % teachers, 35 % to 40 % scientists and university professors, and 18 % to 28 % of clergy. In World War I, Poland lost 39 % to 45 % doctors and dentists, 35 % to 45 % lawyers, 35 % to 30 % teachers, 35 % to 40 % scientists and university professors, and 18 % to 28 % of clergy. In World War I, Poland lost 38 % to 45 % doctors and dentists, 35 % to 45 % lawyers, 35 % to 30 % teachers, 35 % to 40 % scientists and university professors, and 18 % to 28 % of clergy. In the course of the German war, the German nazis tried to destroy Christianity in Poland, with particular emphasis on the catholic church in Rome. In the course of the German war, the German nazis tried to destroy Christianity in Poland, with special emphasis on the catholic church in Rome. In World War I, Poland lost 40 % to 45 % doctors and dentists, 35 % to 45 % lawyers, 35 % to 30 % teachers, 35 % to 40 % scientists and university professors, and 18 % to 28 % of clergy. In the course of the German war, the German nazis tried to destroy Christianity in Poland, with special emphasis on the catholic church in Rome. In the course of the German war, the German nazis tried to destroy Christianity in Poland, with special emphasis on the catholic church in Rome. In some occupied Poland, or even prohibited to go to church, confiscated church property, prohibited the Polish language in religious services, thrown out, church groups, forbidden to sing or read the bible in public. Sometimes, or even sent to prison, in such camps as ab. And at times he was executed, or even sent to prison in such camps as ab. And he was sometimes executed, or even sent to prison in such camps as ab. In World War I, Poland lost 40 % to 45 % doctors and dentists, 35 % to 45 % lawyers, 35 % to 30 % teachers, 35 % to 40 % scientists and university professors, and 18 % to 28 % of clergy. In the course of the German war, the German nazis tried to destroy Christianity in Poland, with special attention to the catholic church in Rome. In World War I, Poland lost 39 % to 45 % doctors and dentists, 35 % to 45 % lawyers, 35 % to 30 % teachers, 35 % to 40 % scientists and university professors, and 18 % to 28 % of clergy. In the course of the German war, the German nazis tried to destroy Christianity in Poland, with special attention to the catholic church in Rome. In World War I, Poland lost 39 % to 45 % doctors and dentists, 35 % to 45 % lawyers, 35 % to 30 % teachers, 35 % to 40 % scientists and university professors, and 18 % to 28 % of clergy. In the course of the German war, the German nazis tried to destroy Christianity in Poland, with special attention to the catholic church in Rome. In World War I, Poland lost 39 % to 45 % doctors and dentists, 35 % to 45 % lawyers, 35 % to 30 % teachers, 35 % to 40 % scientists and university professors, and 18 % to 28 % of clergy. In World War I, Poland lost 40 % to 45 % doctors and dentists, 35 % to 45 % lawyers, 35 % to 30 % teachers, 35 % to 40 % scientists and university professors, and 18 % to 28 % of clergy. During the German war, the German nazis tried to destroy Christianity in Poland, with particular emphasis on the catholic church in Rome. In the course of the German war, the German nazis tried to destroy Christianity in Poland, with special emphasis on the catholic church in Rome. In some occupied Poland, or even forbidden to go to church, confiscated church property, prohibited the I mean, the second duty had been a call for a zealous young man to conduct himself with a so-called “Domination of the East,” and would require to be taught to execute at least one of the zealous young men. He was often executed or even sent to prison in such camps as ab-aktion... In World War I, Poland lost 39 % to 45 % doctors and dentists, 35 % to 45 % lawyers, 35 % to 30 % teachers, 35 % to 40 % scientists and university professors, and 18 % to 28 % of clergy. In World War I, Poland lost 39 % to 45 % doctors and dentists, 35 % to 45 % lawyers, 35 % to 30 % teachers, 35 % to 40 % scientists and university professors, and 18 % to 28 % of clergy. In the course of the German war, the German Nazis tried to destroy Christianity in Poland, with particular attention to the catholic church in Rome. In the course of the German war, the German Nazis tried to destroy Christianity in Poland, with special attention to the catholic church in Rome. In the course of the German war, the German Nazis tried to destroy Christianity in Poland, with special attention to the catholic church in Rome. In World War I, Poland lost 40 % to 45 % doctors and dentists, 35 % to 45 % lawyers, 35 % to 30 % teachers, 35 % to 40 % scientists and university professors, and 18 % to 28 % of clergy. In the course of the German war, the Germans tried to destroy Christianity in Poland, with special attention to the catholic church in Rome. In the course of the German war, the Germans tried to destroy Christianity in Poland, with special attention to the catholic church in Rome. In some parts of the occupied Poland, or even not allowed to go to church, were confiscated church property, were prohibited from speaking the Polish language in religious services, were thrown out, and had the Jews, as well as the citizens, forbidden from singing or reading the bible in public. In the course of the German war, the Germans tried to destroy Christianity in Poland, with special attention to the catholic church in Rome. In the course of the German war, the German nazis tried to destroy Christianity This caused some children to go to Germany, while others were sent to special schools, where they spent most of their time as unpaid laborers, often working on German farms; and speaking polish, it was expected that they would begin working as soon as they finished their primary school. There were a few children who went to Germany, and some were sent to special schools, where they worked unpaid labourers and often worked on German farms. Speaking polish, it was assumed that they would begin work as soon as they had finished their education. In the east of Poland, the territories not included in the General Administration (bezirk bialystok, reichskommissariat ostland and reichskommissariat ukraine) many schoolchildren were shut up, and most of the education was in non-Polish languages such as ukrainian, belorussian, and lithuanian. In the Bezirk bialystok region, for example, 86 % of the schools that existed before the war were closed down during the first two years of the German occupation, and by the end of the following year the figure was 93 %. Here, in the east of Poland, those territories that are not part of the General Administration (Bezirk bialystok, the reichskommissariat ostland, and the reichskommissariat ukraine), many schools were closed, and most of the education was in non-Polish languages, such as ukrainian, belorussian, and lithuanian. In addition, during the last ten months of the year the Polish schools closed for the third and fourth months of the year, in order to lack of fuel or other fuel. In Bezirk bialystok, for example, 86 % of the schools that had existed before the war were closed during the first two years of the German occupation, and in the second year the figure was 93 %. In the Bezirk bialystok region, for example, 86 % of the schools that had been opened before the war were closed in the first two years of the German occupation, and in the third year, the figure reached 93 %. There were twenty-eight spacious dormitories that Krakow had before 1939, today there are only two such abominations... Here, in the east of Poland, those regions not part of the general administration (Bezirk bialystok, reichskommissariat ostland and reichskommissariat ukraine) many schools were shut down and the main school was in non-Polish languages, such as ukrainian, belorussian and lithuanian. These children came to Germany, and some were sent to special schools, where they worked unpaid, often working on German farms; and speaking in polish, they thought that they would begin work as soon as they had finished their school. There were twenty-eight spacious dormitories in Krakow before 1939, and today there are only two such filthy spaces...... and every day there are many classes. In the Bezirk bialystok region, for example, 86 % of the schools that had been opened before the war were closed during the first two years of the German occupation, and by the end of the third year the figure reached 93 %. In Bezirk bialystok, for example, 86 % of the schools that were opened before the war were closed in the first two years of the occupation, and in the third year - 93 %. In the Bezirk bialystok region, for example, 86 % of the schools that had been opened before the war were closed in the first two years of the occupation, and in the third year the figure reached 93 %. There were twenty-eight large dormitories in Krakow before 1939, and now there are only two such abominations... There were twenty-eight spacious dormitories in Krakow before 1939, and now there are only two such filthy places... and every day there are many classes. This causes some children to go to Germany, and others are sent to special schools, where they work in the most unpaid jobs, and often work on German farms. In addition, during the last ten months of the year, the Polish schools close for the third and fourth months of the year, due to lack of fuel or other reasons. In the east of Poland, the territories not included in the general administration (Bezirk bialystok,  Reichskommissariat ostland and  Reichskommissariat ukraine), many schoolchildren are closed and the main school is in non-Polish languages, ukrainian, belorussian and lithuanian. In Bezirk bialystok, for example, 86 % of the schools that were opened before the war were closed in the first two years of the German occupation, and in the third year - 93 %. In Bezirk bialystok, for example, 86 % of the schools that were opened before the war were closed in the first two years of the German occupation, and in the third year - 93 %. In Bezirk bialystok, for example, 86 % of the schools that were opened before the war were closed in the first two years of the German occupation, and in the third year - 93 %. There were twenty-eight spacious dormitories in Krakow before 1939, and now only two such abominations... in this way, the school day, which normally lasts five hours, is reduced to one hour. In the east of Poland, those regions not included in the general administration (Bezirk bialystok, reichskommissariat ostland and reichskommissariat ukraine) many schoolchildren were shut up, and the main school was in non-Polish languages, such as ukrainian, belois and lithuanian. For the first two years of the occupation, for example, the schools were closed for the first two years of the occupation, and in the second year the figure was 93 %. In Bezirk bialystok, for example, 86 % of the schools that were opened before the war were closed for the first two years of the occupation, and in the third year 93 %. There were twenty-eight spacious dormitories in Krakow before 1939, and now only two such abominations... there were twenty-eight spacious dormitories in Krakow before 1939, and now there are only two such abominations... there are twenty-eight spacious dormitories in Krakow before 1939, and now there are only two such abominations... in this way, the day of the school day, which normally lasts five hours, is reduced to one hour. In the east of Poland, the regions not included in the general administration (Bezirk bialystok, Reichskommissariat ostland and Reichskommissariat ukraine), many schoolchildren are closed, and the main school is in non-Polish languages, ukrainian, belo, and lithuanian. In the east of Poland, the regions not included in the general administration (Bezirk bialystok, reichskommissariat ostland and reichskommissariat ukraine) many schoolchildren are shut up, and the main school is in non-Polish languages, ukrainian, belo and lithuanian. In Bezirk bialystok, for example, 86 % of the schools that were established before the war were closed in the first two years of the German occupation, and in the second year - 93 %. In the east of Poland, regions not part of the general administration (Bezirk bialystok, reichskommissariat ostland and reichskommissariat ukraine), many schoolchildren were closed, and the main school was in non-Polish languages, ukrainian, belorussian and lithuanian. In the east of Poland, regions not part of the general administration (Bezirk bialy There were twenty-eight large dormitories in Krakow before 1939, and now there are only two such abominations... there are twenty-eight large dormitories in Krakow before 1939, and now there are only two such abominations... there are twenty-eight large dormitories in Krakow before 1939, and now there are only two such abominations... there are twenty-eight large dormitories in Krakow before 1939, and now there are only two such abominations... there are twenty-eight large dormitories in Krakow before 1939, and now there are only two such abominations... in this way, the school day, which normally lasts five hours, is reduced to one hour. In the east of Poland, the territories not included in the general administration (Bezirk bialystok,  Reichskommissariat ostland and reichskommissariat ukraine), many schoolchildren are closed, and the main school is in non-Polish languages, ukrainian, belo and lithuanian. In the east of Poland, the regions not included in the general administration (Bezirk bialystok, reichskommissariat ostland and reichskommissariat ukraine), many schools are closed and the main school is in non-Polish languages, ukrainian, belo and lithuanian. In the east of Poland, the regions not included in the general administration (Bezirk bialystok, reichskommissariat ukraine), many schoolchildren are closed, and the main school is in non-Polish languages, ukrainian, belo and lithuanian. In Bezirk bialystok, for example, 86 % of the schools opened before the war were closed in the first two years of the German occupation, and in the second year 93 %. In Bezirk bialystok, for example, 86 % of the schools opened before the war were closed in the first two years of the occupation, and in the third year - 93 %. There were twenty-eight spacious dormitories in Krakow before 1939, and now The saved money was used to create schools for the children of the German minority, or to build barracks for the german army. No new Polish teachers were to be trained. The money was used for the establishment of new schools for the children of the German minority, or to build barracks for the german army. The new educational objectives of the Poles were to persuade them that their national destiny was hopeless and teach them to be submissive and respectable to the Germans. The old books were confiscated and the schools closed. The new educational aim for the Poles was to convince them that their national destiny was hopeless and to teach them to be submissive and respectful to the Germans. The money was used to establish new schools for the children of the German minority or to build barracks for the German army. The old books were confiscated and the schools closed. The new educational goals of the Poles were to persuade them that their national destiny was hopeless and to teach them to be submissive and respectful to the Germans. The new educational goals of the Poles were to persuade them that their national destiny was hopeless and to teach them to be submissive and respectable to the Germans. The money was used to establish new schools for the children of the German minority or to build barracks for the German army. The restored books were confiscated and the schools closed. The new educational goals of the Poles were to persuade them that their national destiny was hopeless and teach them to be submissive and respectful to the Germans. The former books were confiscated and the schools closed. The accumulated books were confiscated and the schools closed. The government was compelled to destroy Polish books not only from the libraries, but also from the private homes. The restored books were confiscated and the schools closed. The public destruction of Polish books was not limited to books seized from libraries, but also included books confiscated from private houses. The public destruction of Polish books was not restricted to books taken from libraries, but also to books confiscated from private homes. The public destruction of Polish books was not limited to those taken from the libraries, but also to those taken from private houses. It was not only used for the establishment of new schools for the German minority, but also for the building of barracks for the German army. The money was used to establish new schools for the German minority or to build barracks for the German army. The books were confiscated and the schools closed. The occupying powers destroyed the collections of the Polish national library, the sejm and senate libraries, the przedziecki estate, the zamoysky estate, the central military library, and the rapperswil collection. The purpose of the Poles was to convince them that their national destiny was hopeless and to teach them to be submissive and respectful to the Germans. The occupied powers destroyed the library collections, including the sejm and senate libraries, the przedziecki estate, the zamoyski estate, the central military library, and the rapperswil collection. The new educational goal of the Poles was to persuade them that their national destiny was hopeless and teach them to be submissive and respectful to the Germans. The restored books were confiscated and the schools closed. The public destruction of Polish books did not only consist of books confiscated from libraries, but also of books confiscated from private houses. The Warsaw library lost about a million volumes, or thirty percent of their collections. The funds were used for the creation of new schools for the German minority or for building barracks for the German army. The other books were confiscated and the schools closed. The occupied powers destroyed the libraries of the Polish national library, the sejm and senate libraries, the przedziecki estate, the zamoyski estate, the central military library and the rapperswil collection. The restoration of books was confiscated and the schools closed. The occupied powers destroyed the libraries of the Polish national library, the sejm and senate libraries, the przedziecki estate, the zamoysky estate, the central military library and the rapperswil collection. The occupying powers destroyed the library collections of the Polish national library, the sejm and senate libraries, the przedziecki estate, the zamoysky estate, the central military library and the rapperswil collection. The occupying powers destroyed the library collections, including the sejm and senate libraries, the przedziecki estate, the zamoysky estate, the central military library and the rapperswil collection. The restored books were confiscated and the schools closed. The occupying powers destroyed the collections of the national library, the sejm and senate libraries, the przedziecki estate, the zamoysky estate, the central military library and the rapperswil collection. The occupying powers destroyed the library collections, including the sejm and senate libraries, the przedziecki estate, the zamoysky estate, the central military library, and the rapperswil collection. The occupying powers destroyed the collections of the Polish national library, the sejm and senate libraries, the przedziecki estate, the zamoysky estate, the central military library and the rapperswil collection. The new educational goal of the Poles was to persuade them that their national destiny is hopeless and teach them to be submissive and respectful to the Germans. The preserved money was used for the establishment of new schools for the German minority or for the building of barracks for the German army. The funds were used for the creation of new schools for the German minority or for the building of barracks for the German army. The books were confiscated and the schools closed. The war on Polish culture was not limited to books confiscated from the libraries, but to books confiscated from the private houses. The occupying powers destroyed the collections of the Polish national library, the sejm and senate libraries, the przedziecki estate, the zamoysky estate, the central military library and the rapperswil collection. The occupying powers destroyed the libraries of the Polish national library, the sejm and senate libraries, the przedziecki estate, the zamoysky estate, the central military library and the rapperswil collection. The occupying powers destroyed the libraries of the Polish national library, the sejm and senate libraries, the przedziecki estate, the zamoysky estate, the central military library and the rapperswil collection. The occupying powers destroyed the libraries of the Polish national library, the sejm and senate libraries, the przedziecki estate, the zamoysky estate, the central military library, and the rapperswil collection. The occupying powers destroyed the libraries of the Polish national library, the sejm and senate libraries, the przedziecki estate, the zamoysky estate, the central military library, and the rapperswil collection. The occupying powers destroyed the libraries of the Polish national library, the sejm and senate libraries, the przedziecki estate, the zamoysky estate, the central military library, and the rapperswil collection. The occupying powers destroyed the libraries of the Polish national library, the sejm and senate libraries, the przedziecki estate, the zamoysky estate, the central military library and the rapperswil collection. The occupying powers destroyed the libraries of the Polish national library, the sejm and senate libraries, the przedziecki estate, the zamoysky estate, the central military library and The war on Polish culture did not include books confiscated from libraries, but was also the case with books confiscated from private houses. The occupied powers destroyed the libraries of the Polish national library, the sejm and senate libraries, the przedziecki estate, the zamoysky estate, the central military library and the rapperswil collection. The occupying powers destroyed the libraries of the Polish national library, the sejm and senate libraries, the przedziecki estate, the zamoysky estate, the central military library and the rapperswil collection. The occupying powers destroyed the libraries of the Polish national library, the sejm and senate libraries, the przedziecki estate, the zamoysky estate, the central military library and the rapperswil collection. The occupying powers destroyed the libraries of the Polish national library, the sejm and senate libraries, the przedziecki estate, the zamoysky estate, the central military library and the rapperswil collection. The war on Polish culture did not stop at the libraries, but at the private houses. The occupying powers destroyed the libraries of the Polish national library, the sejm and senate libraries, the przedziecki estate, the zamoysky estate, the central military library, and the rapperswil collection. The occupying powers destroyed the libraries of the Polish national library, the sejm and senate libraries, the przedziecki estate, the zamoysky estate, the central military library, and the rapperswil collection. The occupying powers destroyed the libraries of the Polish national library, the sejm and senate libraries, the przedziecki estate, the zamoysky estate, the central military library, and the rapperswil collection. The restored books were confiscated and the schools closed. The occupying powers destroyed the libraries of the Polish national library, the sejm and senate libraries, the przedziecki estate, the zamoysky estate, the central military library, and the occupying powers. The occupying powers destroyed the libraries of the Polish national library, the sejm and senate libraries, the przedzi The books were confiscated and the schools closed. The occupying powers destroyed the libraries of the Polish national library, the sejm and senate libraries, the przedziecki estate, the zamoysky estate, the central military library and the rapperswil collection. The occupying powers destroyed the libraries of the Polish national library, the sejm and senate libraries, the przedziecki estate, the zamoysky estate, the central military library and the rapperswil collection. The occupying powers destroyed the libraries of the Polish national library, the sejm and senate libraries, the przedziecki estate, the zamoysky estate, the central military library and the rapperswil collection. The war on Polish culture did not include books confiscated from the libraries, but also from the private houses; the occupying powers destroyed the libraries of the Polish national library, the sejm and senate libraries, the przedziecki estate, the zamoysky estate, the central military library and the rapperswil collection; the occupying powers destroyed the libraries of the Polish national library, the sejm and senate libraries, the przedziecki estate, the zamoysky estate, the central military library and the rapperswil collection; the occupying powers destroyed the libraries of the Polish national library, the sejm and senate libraries, the przedziecki estate, the zamoysky estate, the central military library and the rapperswil collection. The occupying powers destroyed the libraries of the Polish national library, the sejm and senate libraries, the przedziecki estate, the zamoysky estate, the central military library and the rapperswil collection. The occupying powers destroyed the libraries of the Polish national library, the sejm and senate libraries, the przedziecki estate, the zamoysky estate, the central military library and the rapperswil collection. The occupying powers destroyed the libraries of the Polish national library, the sejm and senate libraries, the przedziecki estate, the zamoysky estate, the central military library and the rapperswil collection. The “Then all the Russians had their capital destroyed. The nazis wanted to take all the cities. The Germans stopped any publication of Polish... a textbook, literary study, or scholarly paper... “And the Russians had their capital destroyed. The nazis wanted to capture all the towns. The Germans were at first strictly censored to books that were considered to be serious, scientific and educational texts, and books that were considered to promote Polish patriotism; fiction containing anti-German elements was strictly prohibited. In 1940, several censored printing houses began to publish in occupied poland, such as Polish patriot dictionaries and antisemitic and anticommunist novels. “Then the Russians had their capital destroyed. The nazis wanted to capture all the towns. At first, the Germans strictly censored all Polish books, primarily serious, scientific, and educational, and books which were considered to promote Polish patriotism; all fiction that had anti-German elements was strictly forbidden. In 1940, several censored printing houses began to publish in occupied Poland, such as the Polish dictionaries, the antisemitic and anti-communist novels. Several unpublicized lists of the books banned were established, and more than 1 and 500 Polish authors were declared “to be dangerous to the German state and culture.”, and the mere possession of these books was criminal and punishable by imprisonment... In addition, a few private, unpublicized lists of the books banned were created, and more than 1, 500 Polish writers were declared “dangerous to the german state and culture”. And the Russians had their capital destroyed. The nazis wanted to take all the cities. In 1940, several censored printing houses began to publish in occupied Poland, such as Polish dictionaries, antisemitic and anticommunist novels. In the first place, the Germans strictly censored all Polish books, primarily serious, scientific and educational books, and books which promoted Polish patriotism; all fiction which contained anti-German elements was strictly censored. At first, the Germans strictly censored all Polish books, mainly serious, scientific and educational, and books that were considered to promote Polish patriotism; all fiction that contained anti-German elements was strictly forbidden. Several secret lists of books forbidden were established, and more than 1,500 Polish authors were declared to be dangerous to the German state and culture, and even in possession of these books was criminal and punishable by imprisonment. " And the Russians destroyed their capital. The nazis wanted to capture all the towns. The press was reduced from over two hundred and twenty publications to a few dozen, all of them banned by the Germans. But then all the Russians had their capital destroyed. The nazis wanted to take all the cities. The first thing was that the Germans had to censor all Polish books, mainly serious, scientific and educational, and books which promoted Polish patriotism; all fiction with anti-German elements was censored. In 1940 several censored printing houses began to publish in occupied Poland, such as Polish dictionaries, anti-communist novels. In the first place, the Germans had to censor all Polish books, mainly serious, scientific and educational, and books which promoted Polish patriotism; all fiction with anti-German elements was strictly forbidden. In the second place, the Germans strictly censored all Polish books, mainly serious, scientific and educational, and books which promoted Polish patriotism; all fiction which contained anti-German elements was strictly forbidden. In the second place, the Germans strictly censored all Polish books, mainly serious, scientific and educational, and books that promoted Polish patriotism; all fiction with anti-German elements was strictly forbidden. Several secret lists of books forbidden were established, and more than 1,500 Polish authors were declared to be “dangerous to German state and culture,” and even possession of these books was criminal and punishable by imprisonment. The press was reduced from over two hundred and twenty publications to a few dozen, all of them being banned by the Germans. The first thing was that the Germans must censor all Polish books, mainly serious, scientific, and educational, and books which promoted Polish patriotism; all fiction with anti-German elements was censored. In 1940, several censored printing houses began to publish in occupied Poland, such as the Polish dictionaries, the anti-communist novels. In 1940, several censored printing houses began to publish in occupied Poland, such as the Polish dictionaries, the anti-communist novels. At first, the Germans strictly censored all Polish books, mainly serious, scientific and educational, and books which promoted Polish patriotism; all fiction with anti-German elements was strictly forbidden. Several secret lists of books forbidden were established, and more than 1,500 Polish authors were declared “dangerous to German state and culture,” and even being found guilty of it was criminal and punishable by imprisonment. And then all the Russians were slandered, the nazis wanted to capture all the towns. The first thing was that the Germans had to censor all Polish books, mainly serious, scientific and educational, and books which promoted Polish patriotism; all fiction with anti-German elements was strictly forbidden. In 1940, several censored printing houses began to publish in occupied Poland, such as Polish dictionaries and anti-communist novels. The first thing was that the Germans had to censor all Polish books, mainly serious, scientific and educational, and books that promoted Polish patriotism; all fiction with anti-German elements was strictly forbidden. At first, the Germans strictly censored all Polish books, mainly serious, scientific and educational, and books that promoted Polish patriotism; all fiction with anti-German elements was strictly censored. Then, the Russians destroyed their capital, the nazis wanted to capture all the cities. The Russians destroyed their capital. The nazis wanted to capture all the cities. The press was reduced from over two hundred and twenty publications to a few dozen, all of them being banned by the Germans. And the Russians destroyed their capital. The nazis wanted to take all the towns. In 1940, several censored printing houses began to publish in occupied Poland, such as Polish dictionaries, antisemitism, and antisemitism. The first thing was that the Germans had to censor all Polish books, mainly serious, scientific and educational, and books which promoted Polish patriotism; all fiction with anti-German elements was censored. The first thing was that the Germans had to censor all Polish books, mainly serious, scientific and educational, and books which promoted Polish patriotism; all fiction with anti-German elements was strictly forbidden. At first the Germans had to censor all Polish books, mainly serious, scientific and educational, and books which promoted Polish patriotism; all fiction with anti-German elements was strictly forbidden. Several secret lists of books forbidden were established, and more than 1,500 Polish authors were declared “dangerous to German state and culture” and even were found guilty of it, a crime and a punishment. In 1940, several censored printing houses began to publish in occupied Poland, such as Polish dictionaries, anti-communist novels. First, censor all Polish books, mainly serious, scientific and educational, and books which promote Polish patriotism; all fiction with anti-German elements was censored. In the first place, censor all Polish books, mainly serious, scientific and educational, and books that promote Polish patriotism; all fiction with anti-German elements was censored. In the second place, censor all Polish books, mainly serious, scientific and educational, and books that promote Polish patriotism; all fiction with anti-German elements is censored. In the third place, censor all Polish books, mainly serious, scientific and educational, and books that promote Polish patriotism; all fiction with anti-German elements are censored. The Russians destroyed their capital; the nazis wanted to capture all the cities. In 1940, several censored printing houses began to publish in occupied Poland, such as Polish dictionaries and anticommunist novels. The first thing was that the Germans had to censor all Polish books, mainly serious, scientific and educational, and books that promote Polish patriot The Polish cinemas, which were strictly devoted to the production of the German war, had been discouraged from taking part, by the local underground. A famous underground slogan declared, “Tylko swinie siedza w kinie” (for the reason that only pigs go to the movies). Moreover, a number of propaganda pieces were prepared for the theater. In Poland the cinemas, which were strictly devoted to the German war, were not allowed to participate in it. A famous underground slogan declared, “Tylko swinie siedza w kinie” (for the reason that only pigs went to the movies). Thus, all theatrical productions were also canceled by the underground. Besides, the actors were deprived of their participation and warned that they would be labelled collaborators if they did not comply. Besides, the restrictions on cultural performances were loosened in jewish ghettos, since the germans wanted to stifle the inhabitants and prevent them from understanding their fate. In Poland, the cinemas, which were devoted to the German war, were not allowed to take part. A famous underground slogan declared, ‘Tylko swinie siedza w kinie’ (for that matter, only pigs went to the cinema). Thus all theatrical productions were banned by the underground. In addition, in the jewish ghettos, the restrictions on the performance of art were lowered, because the germans wanted to prevent the population from understanding their fate. Besides, the restrictions on cultural performances were tightened in the jewish ghettos, because the germans wanted to stifle the inhabitants and prevent them from understanding their fate. Moreover, the actors were denied their participation and warned that they would be regarded as collaborators if they did not follow the rules. Besides, the restrictions on cultural performances were also loosened in jewish ghettos, because the germans wanted to stifle the inhabitants and prevent them from understanding their fate. In Poland, the cinemas, which were strictly devoted to the German war, were not allowed to participate. A famous underground slogan said: Tylko swinie siedza w kinie (for that matter only pigs go to the cinema). Therefore all theater productions were canceled by the underground. Besides, the restrictions on cultural performances were lowered in the jewish ghettos, because the germans wanted to stifle the population and prevent them from understanding their fate. In addition, in the jewish ghettos, the restrictions on the performance of art were lowered, because the germans wanted to stifle the population and prevent them from understanding their fate. Besides, in the jewish ghettos, the restrictions on cultural performances were lowered, because the germans wanted to stifle the population and prevent them from understanding their fate. In addition, the restrictions on cultural performances were lowered in the jewish ghettos, because the germans wanted to stifle the inhabitants and prevent them from understanding their fate. Besides, the restrictions on cultural performances were lowered in the jewish ghettos, because the germans wanted to stifle the inhabitants and prevent them from understanding their fate. In Poland, the cinemas, which were strictly devoted to the German war, were not allowed to participate. A famous underground slogan declared: Tylko swinie siedza w kinie (for that matter only pigs went to the cinema). Thus all theatrical performances were canceled by the underground. Besides, the restrictions on cultural performances were lowered in the ghettos, because the germans wanted to stifle the population and prevent them from understanding their fate. In addition, in the ghettos the restrictions on cultural performances were lowered, because the germans wanted to stifle the population and prevent them from understanding their fate. Besides, in the ghettos the restrictions on cultural performances were lowered, because the germans wanted to stifle the population and prevent them from understanding their fate. In Poland the cinemas, which were devoted to the German war, were not allowed to participate. A famous underground slogan said: Tylko swinie siedza w kinie (because only pigs went to the cinema). In addition, in the ghettos the restrictions on cultural performances were reduced, because the germans wanted to stifle the inhabitants and prevent them from understanding their fate. In Poland the cinemas, which were devoted to the German war, were not allowed to participate. A famous underground slogan declared: Tylko swinie siedza w kinie (because only pigs went to the cinema). Therefore, all theatre productions were stopped by the underground. Besides, the restrictions on cultural performances were lowered in the jewish ghettos, because the germans wanted to stifle the population and prevent them from understanding their fate. Besides, the restrictions on cultural performances were lowered in the jewish ghettos, because the germans wanted to stifle the population and prevent them from understanding their fate. In Poland, the cinemas, which were devoted to the German war, were not allowed to participate. A famous underground slogan said: Tylko swinie (for that reason only pigs went to the cinema). Moreover, the restrictions on cultural performances were lowered in the jewish ghettos, because the germans wanted to stifle the population and prevent them from understanding their fate. In addition, the restrictions on cultural performances were lowered in the jewish ghettos, because the germans wanted to stifle the population and prevent them from understanding their fate. In Poland, the cinemas, which were strictly devoted to the German war, were not allowed to participate. A famous underground slogan said: Tylko swinie siedza (because only pigs went to the cinema). Therefore, all theater performances were canceled by the ghetto. The soviet authorities considered military service in the pre-war Polish state as a "crime against revolution" and "counter-revolution" and "a "democratic enterprise," and incited many of the polts, politesses, the officials and the citizens of the country, and ..., academics, as well as ordinary persons who were suspected of being a threat to Soviet rule. Some one million of the Polish citizens were deported to Siberia, many to gulag concentration camps.... others died, including about 20 000 officers, whom the katyns killed. A thousand thousand Polish citizens were deported to Siberia, many to gulags and camps. Others died, including about 20 000 officers who the katyns murdered.... The soviets quickly seized the seized lands, enacted compulsory collectivization. They confiscated, nationalized and redistributed the ownership of Polish property, they sentenced or executed their leaders as “hateful”... The soviets quickly seized the captured lands, instituted compulsory confiscation. They confiscated, nationalized, and redistributed Polish property. They sentenced or executed their leaders as ‘hateful’. In accordance with the anti-Soviet policy, churches and religious organizations were persecuted. Some one million Polish citizens were deported to Siberia, many to gulags and camps. Others died, including about 20 000 officers whom the katyns murdered.... On 10 february 1940, the Nvets unleashed a campaign of terror against the ‘anti-Soviet’ elements in the occupied poland. The soviets’ targets were people who frequently traveled abroad, persons involved in overseas correspondence, philatelists, red cross workers, refugees, smugglers, priests and members of religious congregations, the nobility, landowners, wealthy merchants, bankers, industrialists, and hotel and restaurant owners. The soviets quickly seized the seized lands and instituted compulsory confiscation. They confiscated, nationalized and re-owned the ownership of Polish property, they sentenced or executed their leaders as 'hateful'. The soviets quickly seized the seized lands and instituted compulsory confiscation. They confiscated, nationalized and re-owned Polish property, they sentenced or executed their leaders as 'hateful'. Some one million Polish citizens were deported to Siberia, many to prison camps. Others died, including about 20 000 officers whom the katyns killed... The soviets actively searched for all Polish people abroad: they regularly travelled abroad, philatelists, red cross workers, refugees, smugglers, priests, and members of religious congregations, the nobility, the wealthy merchants, the banks, the industrialists, and the hotel and restaurant owners. On the 10th of February 1940, the Nvets started terror attacks on the people who traveled abroad, the philatelists, the red cross workers, refugees, smugglers, priests and members of religious congregations, the nobility, the landowners, the rich merchants, the banks, the industrialists, and hotel and restaurant owners. It was, according to the anti-Soviet policy, that churches and religious organizations were persecuted. In accordance with the anti-Soviet policy, churches and religious organizations were persecuted. Some one million Polish citizens were deported to Siberia, many to gulags and camps. Others died, including about 20 000 officers whom the katyns killed. The soviets quickly seized the seized lands, and enacted compulsory confiscation. They confiscated, nationalized and re-owned Polish property, they sentenced or executed their leaders as “hateful”... Some one million Polish citizens were deported to Siberia, many to gulags and camps. Some died, including about 20 000 officers whom the katyns killed.... The soviets actively searched for all the Polish people abroad, they regularly traveled abroad, philatelists, red cross workers, refugees, smugglers, priests and members of religious congregations, the nobility, the wealthy merchants, banks, industrialists and hotel owners. The soviets quickly took possession of the captured lands, enacted compulsory confiscation. They confiscated, nationalized and re-owned the property of Polish, they sentenced or executed their leaders as "hateful"... On February 10, 1940 the Nvets began to put an extreme attack on all the people who had traveled abroad, philatelists, red cross workers, refugees, smugglers, priests and members of religious congregations, the nobility, the landowners, the merchants, the banks, the industrialists, and the hotel and restaurant owners. The soviets immediately took the seized lands and instituted compulsory confiscation, confiscated, nationalized and redistributed Polish property, sentenced or executed their leaders as "hateful." The soviets immediately took possession of the seized land, and instituted compulsory confiscation. They confiscated, nationalized and re-established the ownership of Polish property, they sentenced or executed their leaders as 'hateful'. The soviets instantly took possession of the seized land and instituted compulsory confiscation, confiscated, nationalized and re-established the ownership of Polish property, they sentenced or executed their leaders as 'hateful'. The soviets actively pursued all the Polish people abroad: they regularly traveled abroad, philatelists, red cross workers, refugees, priests and members of religious congregations, the nobility, the merchants, the banks, the industrialists, the hotel and restaurant owners. Some one million Polish citizens were deported to Siberia, many to gulags and camps. Some died, including about 20 000 officers, the katyns murdered. The soviets immediately took possession of the captured lands and instituted compulsory confiscation, confiscated, nationalized and redistributed Polish property, sentenced or executed their leaders as "hateful". Some one million Polish citizens were deported to Siberia, many to gulags and camps. The soviets actively searched for all Polish people abroad, they frequently traveled abroad, philatelists, red cross workers, refugees, priests and members of religious congregations, the nobility, the wealthy merchants, the banks, the industrialists, and hotel owners. The soviets immediately confiscated the seized lands and instituted compulsory confiscation; they confiscated, nationalized and redistributed Polish property, they sentenced or executed their leaders as 'hateful'. On the 10th of February, the Nvets began to slay all those who had traveled abroad, philatelists, red cross workers, refugees, priests, and members of religious congregations, the nobility, the merchants, the merchants, the bankers, the hotels and restaurants. The soviets immediately took possession of the seized lands, and instituted compulsory confiscation. They confiscated, nationalized and distributed Polish property, they sentenced or executed their leaders as "hateful"... Some one million Polish citizens were deported to Siberia After the 10th of February, the Nvets started to organize a terror campaign against the “anti-Soviet” elements in the occupied Poland. The anti-Soviets quickly took possession of the seized lands and instituted compulsory confiscation; they confiscated, nationalized and redistributed Polish property; they sentenced or executed their leaders as “hateful.” The soviets immediately took possession of the seized lands and instituted compulsory confiscation; they confiscated, nationalized and redistributed Polish property; they sentenced or executed their leaders as “hateful”; the soviets quickly took possession of the seized lands and instituted compulsory confiscation; they confiscated, nationalized and redeemed Polish property, they sentenced or executed their leaders as “hateful”; the soviets immediately took possession of the seized lands and instituted compulsory confiscation, confiscated, nationalized and redeemed Polish property, they sentenced or executed their leaders as “hateful”; the soviets’ members in foreign countries were often the philatelists, the red cross workers, the refugees, the priests and the members of religious congregations, the nobility, the landowners, the merchants, the banks, the industrialists and the hotel owners; the soviets began to pursue all the Polish people abroad: they often went abroad, philatelists, red cross workers, refugees, priests and members of religious congregations, the nobility, the landowners, the merchants, the banks, the industrialists and the hotel owners; the soviets immediately confiscated the seized lands and instituted compulsory confiscation, confiscated, nationalized and re-established the ownership of Polish property, sentenced or executed their leaders as ‘hateful’. The soviets quickly seized the seized lands and instituted compulsory confiscation, confiscated, nationalized and re-established the ownership of Polish property, sentenced or executed their leaders as ‘hateful’. Some one million Polish citizens were deported to Siberia, many to prison camps. Some died, including about 20 000 officers whom the katyns killed. Some one million Polish citizens were deported to Siberia, many to prison camps. Some They were immediately taken to court and they were ordered to distribute the property to a local magistrate, they were ordered to distribute it, and they were ordered to distribute it, and they were ordered to distribute it, and they were ordered to enforce it, and he did so at once. He had the authority to confiscate, nationalize and distribute it, and he was ordered to execute it. He has been executed by the authorities, and the servicemen are executed. He has been arrested by the authorities and has been executed by the officials. He has arrested a few thousand of the Poles, and he has killed about 20 000 officers, and he has killed a hundred thousand more... Some one million Poles were deported to Siberia, many to gulags and camps, and some died, including about 20 000 officers, who the policemen killed. Some one million Poles were deported to Siberia, many to gulags and camps. On the 10th of February, the Nvets started to attack all Poles abroad, philatelists, red cross workers, refugees, priests, and members of religious congregations, nobility, landowners, merchants, banks, industrialists and hotel owners; the soviets immediately took possession of the seized land and instituted compulsory confiscation; they confiscated, nationalized and redistributed Polish property, sentenced or executed their leaders as 'hateful'. The soviets seized the seized lands and instituted compulsory confiscation, confiscated, nationalized and redistributed Polish property, sentenced or executed their leaders as 'hateful'. The soviets quickly took possession of the seized lands and instituted compulsory confiscation; they confiscated, nationalized and redistributed Polish property, they sentenced or executed their leaders as 'hateful'. Some one million Polish citizens were deported to Siberia, many to gulags and camps. Some died, including about 20 000 officers, which the katyns killed. Some one million Polish citizens were deported to Siberia, many to gulags and camps. Some died, including about 20 000 officers, whom the katyns killed. The soviets began to chase all the Polish people abroad: they frequently traveled abroad As a consequence of this, the Russians have slunk down. Some one million Polish citizens have been deported to Siberia, many to gulags and camps. Some one million Polish citizens have been deported to Siberia, many to gulags and camps. Some one million Polish citizens have been deported to Siberia, many to camps and camps. Some one million Polish citizens have been deported to Siberia, many to gulags and camps. Some died, including about 20 000 officers whom the katyns killed. The spies fought relentlessly for all Polish people abroad, the philatelists, the red cross workers, the refugees, the priests and the members of religious congregations, the nobility, the merchants, the banks, the industrialists and the hotel owners. On the 10th of February, the neophytes began to attack all the Polish people abroad, philatelists, red cross workers, refugees, priests and members of religious congregations, the nobility, the merchants, the banks, the industrialists and the hotel owners. The neophytes quickly confiscated the seized lands and confiscated and confiscated the property, they sentenced or executed their leaders as 'hateful'. The neophytes immediately confiscated the seized lands and confiscated the property, they confiscated, nationalized and re-established the ownership of Polish property, they sentenced or executed their leaders as 'hateful'. On the 10th of February the Nvets started to hunt all Polish people abroad, philatelists, red cross workers, refugees, priests and members of religious congregations, the nobility, the merchants, the banks, the industrialists, the hotels and restaurants. Some one million Polish citizens were deported to Siberia, many to gulags and camps, others died, including about 20 000 officers who the katyns killed. The soviets immediately took possession of the seized lands and instituted compulsory confiscation; they confiscated, nationalized and redeemed Polish property, they sentenced or executed their leaders as "hateful"; the soviets immediately confiscated the seized lands and instituted compulsory confiscation; they The soviets immediately took possession of the seized lands and instituted a compulsory confiscation; they confiscated, nationalized and redeemed Polish property; they punished or executed their leaders as 'hateful.' Some one million Polish citizens were deported to Siberia, many to gulags and camps; some died, including about 20 000 officers whom the katyns killed. The soviets immediately took possession of the seized lands and instituted a compulsory confiscation; they confiscated, nationalized and redeemed Polish property, they sentenced or executed their leaders as 'hateful'; some one million Polish citizens were deported to Siberia, many to gulags and camps; some died, including about 20 000 officers who the katyns killed. The soviets arrested all Polish people abroad, they often traveled abroad, philatelists, red cross workers, refugees, priests and members of religious congregations, the nobility, the merchants, the banks, the industrialists and the hotels. The soviets immediately took possession of the seized lands and instituted compulsory confiscation; they confiscated, nationalized and redeemed Polish property, they sentenced or executed their leaders as 'hateful'; the soviets immediately confiscated, nationalized and redeemed Polish property, they sentenced or executed their leaders as 'hateful'; the soviets immediately confiscated the seized lands and instituted compulsory confiscation; they confiscated, nationalized and redeemed Polish property, they sentenced or executed their leaders as 'hateful'. Some one million Polish citizens were deported to Siberia, many to gulags and camps; some died, including about 20 000 officers, which the katyns killed. On the 10th of February the Nvets began to slay all the Polish people abroad, philatelists, red cross workers, refugees, priests, and members of religious congregations, the nobility, the merchants, the banks, the industrialists, and the hotel owners; the soviets immediately took possession of the seized lands and instituted compulsory confiscation; they confiscated, nationalized and redistributed Polish property, they sentenced or The writers’ association of the soviet ukraine formed a local chapter in lwow. There was a polish literary theater and a radio station. Polish cultural activities in minsk and wilno were less organised. They were supervised by the soviet authorities, who sought to portray the new soviet regime in a positive light and vilified the former polish government. The writers’ association of the soviet ukraine formed a chapter in lwow. There was a polish literary theatre and a radio station. Polish cultural activities in minsk and wilno were less organized. They were supervised by the soviet authorities, who sought to present the new soviet government in a positive light and attacked the former Polish government. The soviet propaganda-oriented support for Polish-language culture clashed with the official policy of ruse. The soviets had intended to remove Polish from school, from signs, from other activities. However, this policy had been reversed at times--first before the elections in october 1939; and then, after the German conquest of france. The writers’ association of the soviet ukraine formed a local chapter in lwow; there was a polish literary theater and a radio station. The Polish cultural activities in lwow and Moscow were less organised; they were supervised by the soviet authorities, who sought to present the new soviet regime in a positive light and denigrated the former Polish government. The soviet propaganda-oriented support for Polish-language culture was a contradiction to the official policy of ruse; the soviets intended to strip Polish from school, from signs, from other activities; however, this policy had been reversed in some cases—first, before the elections in october 1939; then after the German conquest of france. However, stalin soon decided to re-introduce his policies for ruse. The writers’ association of the soviet ukraine had formed a local chapter in lwow; there was a polish literary theatre and a radio station. The Polish language and culture were less organized in lwow; they were supervised by the soviet authorities, who wanted to cast the new soviet regime in a positive light and mocked the former Polish government. The writers’ association of the soviet ukraine had formed a local chapter in lwow; there was a polish literary theatre and a radio station. The Polish language and culture in lwow and Moscow was less organized; they were supervised by the soviet authorities, who sought to put the new soviet regime in a positive light and mocked the former Polish government. The Russian writers’ association of the soviet ukraine formed a local chapter in lwow; there was a Polish literary theatre and a radio station. The Russian language and culture in lwow and Moscow was less organized; they were supervised by the soviet authorities, who sought to portray the new soviet government in a positive light and attacked the former Polish government. The Russian language and culture in lwow and Moscow was less organized; they were supervised by the soviet authorities, who wanted to present the new soviet government in a positive light and ridicule the former Polish government. The Russian propaganda-oriented support for Polish-language culture was incompatible with the official policy of ruse; the soviets wanted to remove Polish from school, from signs, from other activities; but this policy was sometimes reversed in some cases, first, before the elections in october 1939, and then after the German conquest of france. The writers’ association of the soviet ukraine formed a local chapter in lwow; there was a Polish literary theatre and a radio station. Many Polish writers collaborated with the soviets, writing pro — that is, the soviet propaganda — they included jerzy borejsza, tadeusz zelenski, kazimierz brandys, janina broniewska, teodor bujnicki, leon chwistek, zuzanna ginczanka, halina gorska, mieczysaw jastrun, stefan jedrychowski, stanisaw jerzy lec, tadeusz opalewski, julian pobos, jerzy putrament, jerzy rawicz, Wife winawer... other Polish writers also abandoned the anti-Soviet sentiments and published underground: jadwiga czechowiczowna, jerzy hordynski, jadwiga gamsobbnski, empicka, herminia naglerowa, beata obertynska, ostap ortwin, tadeusz peiper, teodor parnicki, juliusz petry. In addition to jerzy hordynski, jerzy hordynski, empicka, herminia naglerowa, beata obertynska, ostap ortwin, tadeusz peiper, teodor parnicki, juliusz petry. Then, also, Alexander Wat, initially sympathetic to communism, was arrested by the soviet secret police and exiled to kazakhstan. Aisha Czechowiczowna and a further handful of other Polish writers abandoned the anti-Soviet sentiments and published underground: jerzy hordynski, jadwiga gamsobbnski, empicka, herminia naglerowa, beata obertynska, ostap ortwin, tadeusz peiper, teodor parnicki, juliusz petry. They also had the efforts to save state and private collections from theft and destruction (including the giants by Jan matejko, which were hidden all through the war). Thus, they sponsored the underground publication of works by winston churchill and arkady fiedler and of the racial primer of a polish secondary school, and commissioned artists to make a resistance art (which was then disseminated by Operation n and like activities). Besides jerzy hordynski, jerzy hordynski, empicka, herminia naglerowa, beata obertynska, ostap ortwin, tadeusz peiper, teodor parnicki, juliusz petry. Also, Aisha Czechowiczowna and a few other Polish writers abandoned anti-Soviet sentiments and published underground: jerzy hordynski, jadwiga gamsobbnski, empicka, herminia naglerowa, beata obertynska, ostap ortwin, tadeusz peiper, teodor parnicki, juliusz petry. Besides jerzy hordynski, jerzy hordynski, empicka, herminia naglerowa, beata obertynska, ostap ortwin, tadeusz peiper, teodor parnicki, juliusz petry. Others abandoned anti-Soviet sentiments and published in the underground: jerzy hordynski, jadwiga gamsobbnski, empicka, herminia naglerowa, beata obertynska, ostap ortwin, tadeusz peiper, teodor parnicki, juliusz petry. In addition to jerzy hordynski, jerzy hordynski, empicka, herminia naglerowa, beata obertynska, ostap ortwin, tadeusz peiper, teodor parnicki, juliusz petry. Some private publishers, including stefan kamienski, zbigniew mitzner and the ossolineum, paid authors for books that would be delivered after the war. It also happened that Alexander Wat, at first sympathetic to communism, was arrested by the soviet secret police and was exiled to kazakhstan. Besides, jerzy hordynski, jerzy hordynski, empicka, herminia naglerowa, beata obertynska, ostap ortwin, tadeusz peiper, teodor parnicki, juliusz petry. Others abandoned anti-Soviet sentiments and published underground: jerzy hordynski, jadwiga gamsobbnski, empicka, herminia naglerowa, beata obertynska, ostap ortwin, tadeusz peiper, teodor parnicki, juliusz petry. In addition to jerzy hordynski, jerzy hordynski, empicka, herminia naglerowa, beata obertynska, ostap ortwin, tadeusz peiper, teodor parnicki, juliusz petry. They also managed to prevent the destruction of state and private collections from theft and destruction (including the giants of Jan Matejko, which they hid all through the war). Besides, jerzy hordynski, jerzy hordynski, empicka, herminia naglerowa, beata obertynska, ostap ortwin, tadeusz peiper, teodor parnicki, juliusz petry. So-called “secret” society (tajna organizacja nauczyelska, tajna) was established as early as the first half of 1939. Its headquarters were in Moscow, and its staff czesaw wycech, founder of the tajna. Other local societies were subsequently founded, and the tajna, in the second half of 1941, was organized, under the leadership of czesaw wycech, the founder of the tajna. As a result, a secret society, a ‘secret’ society (Tajna Organizcja Nauczyelska, tajna) was founded in the first half of 1939. Its head was in Moscow, and its head was czesaw wycech, founder of the tajna. Other local societies subsequently sprung up, and the tajna was organized in the second half of 1941 under the leadership of czesaw wycech, the founder of the tajna. By 1942, about 1, 500, 000 students had participated in underground classes; by 1944, its secondary system included around 100, 000 people, and the university was attended by about 10, 000 students (for comparison, the pre-war enrollment in Polish universities was about 30, 300 in 1938 and 1939). So-called “secret” society (tajna organizacja nauczyelska, tajna) was established in the first half of 1939, in Moscow, with the head of czesaw wycech, the founder of the tajna. The headquarters were in Moscow, and the head of the organization was czesaw wycech, founder of the tajna. Other local societies sprung up and the tajna, in the second half of 1941, was organized under the leadership of czesaw wycech, founder of the tajna. By 1942, about 1,500, 000 students had enrolled in underground classes; by 1944, its secondary system included about 100, 000 people, and the university had about 10, 000 students (for comparison, the pre-war enrollment of Polish universities in the universities was about 30 % in 1938 and 1939). The overall state of affairs, one in every three children received some sort of education from underground schools; in fact, this number was 70 %, in fact, for children of sufficient age to attend school. The establishment of the secret society, the ‘secret’ society (Tajna Organizcja Nauczyelska’) was established in the first half of 1939 in Moscow, and its head was czesaw wycech, the founder of the tajna. The secret society, the ‘secret’ society (Tajna Organizcja Nauczyelska’) was established in the first half of 1939, in Moscow, with the head of czesaw wycech, the founder of the tajna. The tajna’s headquarters were in Moscow, and the head of the tajna’s staff was czesaw wycech, founder of the tajna. In 1942, about 1,500, 000 students enrolled in underground classes; by 1944, its secondary system consisted of about 100, 000 people, and the university had about 10, 000 students (for comparison, the pre-war enrollment of Polish universities in universities was about 30 % in 1938 and 1939). Other local societies were also formed, and the tajna was constituted in the second half of 1941, under the leadership of czesaw wycech, founder of the tajna. In general, one in three children was educated in underground schools; this number was seventy %, for pupils of the necessary age. Students at the underground schools were often members of the Polish resistance... When the war broke out in Poland, one in three children was educated in underground schools; that is, it was seventy % of students who are sufficient to be at school. The secret society, the secret society (Tajna Organizcja Nauczyelka) was established in the first half of 1939 in Moscow, with the head of czesaw wycech, founder of the tajna. Hence, a secret society, a secret society (Tajna Organizcja Nauczyelka) was founded in the first half of 1939, in Moscow, with the head of czesaw wycech, the founder of the tajna. During the first half of 1939, some 1,500, 000 students were enrolled in underground classes, by 1944, its secondary system consisted of about 100, 000 people, and the university was about 10, 000 students (for comparison, the pre-war enrollment of Polish universities in the universities was about 30 % in 1938 and 1939). Other local associations were also formed, and the tajna was organized in the second half of 1941 under the leadership of czesaw wycech, the founder of the tajna. The tajna's headquarters were in Moscow, and its head was czesaw wycech, founder of the tajna. In the first half of 1939, about 1,500, 000 students were registered in underground classes; by 1944, its secondary system included about 100, 000 people, and the university had about 10, 000 students (for comparison, the pre-war enrollment of Polish universities in universities was about 30, 300 in 1938 and 1939). The tajna's headquarters were in Moscow, and the head of the organization was czesaw wycech, founder of the tajna. In general, one in three children received some kind of education in underground schools; this number was seventy % for young people of the required age. In the war, though, there were even scientific research (for instance, in the work of wadysaw tatarkiewicz, a leading Polish philosopher, and in zenon klemensiewicz, a linguist).... And some Polish scientists received money from the underground state to continue their studies.... In the war, of course, there was even scientific research, such as the work of the Polish philosopher wadystsynta Tráskovich, the leading Polish philosopher, and zenon klemensiewich, the linguist.... some Polish scientists received money from the underground government for continuing their studies. In general, the attitude of the germans towards underground education varied, depending on whether it took place in the general government or in the annexed territories. By the time the Germans had arrived at the full scale of the Polish underground education system, they had probably realized the full scale of the underground system, but they had no manpower to put an end to it, and probably only spent the resources in combating the armed resistance. In the war, of course, there was even scientific research (for example, by the Polish philosopher Wadystsynta Tráskovich, a leading Polish philosopher, and zenon klemensiewich, a linguist)... but some Polish scientists received money from the underground state to continue their studies... In general, the attitude of the germans toward underground education varied, whether it took place in the general government or in the annexed territories. At the time the Germans had a full knowledge of the underground system, they had probably realized the entire underground system, but they did not have the strength to halt it, and probably only spent their resources in combating the armed resistance. In 1943, a german report on education admitted that control of what was being taught in schools, especially in rural areas, was difficult because of the lack of resources, transportation and activities of the Polish resistance. But in some schools, in defiance of the German authorities, students taught subjects in open rebellion in violation of the laws of the Reich. The attitude of the Germans towards underground education varied, according to whether it took place in the government or in the annexed territories. In 1943, a German report on the subject of education reported that control of the subjects in the schools, especially in the rural areas, was difficult because of lack of resources, transport, and the activities of the Polish resistance. And there were some Polish scientists receiving money from the underground state for continued study. But in the war, there was even research (for example, by the Polish philosopher Wadystsynta Tráskovich, the leading Polish philosopher, and zenon klemensiewich, the linguist). In general, the attitude of the Germans toward underground education varied, depending on whether it took place in the general government or in the annexed territories. At the time, the Germans had complete knowledge of underground education, had probably realized the whole underground system, but did not have the strength to stop it, and probably spent their resources on fighting the armed resistance. In general, the attitude of the Germans towards underground education varied, regardless of whether it took place in the general government or in the annexed territories. There were over one hundred underground newspapers; the main thing was the biuletyn informacyjny of armia krajowa and the rzeczpospolita of the delegation to poland. In general, the attitude of the Germans toward underground education varied, depending on whether it took place in the general government or in the annexed territories. In general, the attitude of the Germans towards underground education varied, regardless of whether it took place in the general government or in the annexed states. In the course of the war, of course, there was even research (for example, by the Polish philosopher Wadystsynta Tráskovich, the leading Polish philosopher, and zenon klemensiewich, the linguist) and some Polish scientists received money from the underground state to continue their studies. In general, the attitude of the Germans towards underground education varied, regardless of whether it took place in the general government or in the annexed states. In 1943, a German report on education stated that control of the subjects in the schools, especially in rural areas, was difficult because of the lack of resources, transportation and activities of the Polish resistance. At that time the Germans had complete knowledge of underground education, they had probably realized the whole underground system, but they did not have the strength to stop it, and probably only spent their resources on fighting armed resistance. In general, the attitude of the Germans towards underground education varied, regardless of whether it took place in the state government or in the annexed territories. In 1943 a german article on the subject of education said that school subjects, especially in rural areas, were difficult, because of the lack of resources, transportation, and the activities of the Polish resistance. But in some schools, in rebellion against the authorities, the students taught subjects in open rebellion in violation of the law of the Reich. In general, the attitude of the Germans towards underground education varied, regardless of whether it took place in the state government or in the annexed territories. In general, the attitude of the Germans towards underground education varied, regardless of whether it took place in the state government or in the annexed territories. In 1943, a German report on education admitted that the control of the subjects in schools, especially in rural areas, was difficult because of lack of resources, transportation and the activities of the Polish resistance. In addition, the Polish underground published booklets and leaflets in the form of propaganda and propaganda of the anti-Nazi German organizations, which aimed at spreading disinformation and lowering morale among germans. The polish underground also published booklets and leaflets from imaginary anti-Nazi groups, whose goal was to spread disinformation and raise morale In general, the attitude of the Germans towards underground education varied, regardless of whether it took place in the state government or in the annexed states. In general, the attitude of the Germans towards underground education varied, regardless of whether it took place in the state government or in the annexed states. In general, the attitude of the Germans towards underground education varied, regardless of whether it took place in the state government or in the annexed states. In general, the attitude of the Germans towards underground education varied, regardless of whether it took place in the state government or in the annexed states. In the war, of course, there was even research (for example, by the Polish philosopher Wadystsynta Tráskovich, the leading Polish philosopher, and zenon klemensiewich, the linguist). In general, the attitude of the Germans towards underground education varied, regardless of whether it took place in the state government or in the annexed states. In 1943, a German article on the subject of education said that school subjects in rural areas were difficult because of the lack of resources, transportation and the activities of the Polish resistance; but in some schools, in rebellion against the German authorities, students taught subjects in open rebellion, in violation of the Reich. In general, the attitude of the Germans towards underground education varied, regardless of whether it took place in the state government or in the annexed states. In general, the attitude of the Germans towards underground education varied, regardless of whether it took place in the state government or in the annexed states. In 1943, a German report on education admitted that the subject of subjects in schools, especially in rural areas, was difficult because of lack of resources, transportation and the activities of the Polish resistance. In general, the attitude of the Germans toward underground education varied, regardless of whether it took place in the state government or in the annexed states. In general, the attitude of the Germans towards underground education varied, regardless of whether it took place in the state government or in the annexed states. Besides, the Polish underground also published propaganda and propaganda about the anti-Nazi German groups, whose purpose was to spread disinformation and raise morale among the germans. In addition, the Polish underground also published booklets and leaflets from imaginary anti- tajne wojskowe zakady wydawnicze (secret military publishing house) of jerzy rutkowski (subordinated to armia krajowa) was probably the largest underground publisher in the world... Besides the polish titles, armia krajowa also published false German newspapers, intended to smear the German troops (as part of the n)... Tajne wojskowe zakady wydawnicze (a secret military publishing house), a subsidiary of armia krajowa, was probably the biggest underground publisher in the world... Besides the polish titles, armia krajowa also published fake German newspapers, in order to smear the German troops (as part of the N).... Besides the Polish titles, armia krajowa also published fake German newspapers, in order to smear the German troops (in order to spy on the n).... the second largest Polish underground publishing centre was krakow. From the summer of 1944 to the summer of 1944, Germans found almost sixteen underground printing presses (these operators were usually executed or sent to prisons). “The secret military newspaper of jerzy rutkowski, a subsidiary of armia krajowa, was probably the largest underground publisher in the world. Besides the polish titles, armia krajowa also published fake German newspapers in order to smear the German troops (as part of the N). Besides the Polish titles, armia krajowa also published fake German newspapers in order to spy on the N.... from summer 1944 to summer 1944, Germans discovered nearly sixteen underground presses (these were either executed or sent to prison).... ” Naucho was the longest Polish underground newspaper dedicated to satire; 20 issues were published from October 1943 to September 1944..... according to some statistics, these correspondents were among the most frequently arrested by the germans. The secret military newspaper of jerzy rutkowski, a subsidiary of armia krajowa, was probably the most prominent underground newspaper in the world... Besides the polish titles, armia krajowa also published fake German newspapers, to smear the German troops (in part of the N).... besides the polish titles, armia krajowa also published fake German newspapers, to smear the German troops (in part of the N). Besides the Polish titles, armia krajowa also published fake German newspapers, in order to smear the German troops (in part of the N). The second largest Polish underground publishing centre was krakow. From the summer of 1944 to the summer of 1944, Germans found almost sixteen underground presses (they were either executed or sent to prison). From the summer of 1944 to the summer of 1944, Germans found almost sixteen underground presses (these were either executed or sent to prison). Naucho was the longest Polish underground newspaper dedicated to satire; twenty issues were published from October 1943 to September 1944... Besides the Polish titles, armia krajowa also published fake German newspapers, in order to smear the German troops (from the N). Besides the Polish titles, armia krajowa also published fake German newspapers, in order to smear the N... " The secret military publication of jerzy rutkowski, a subsidiary of armia krajowa, was probably the most prominent underground newspaper in the world. Besides the Polish titles, armia krajowa also published fake German newspapers in order to smear the German troops (in part of the N). Besides the Polish titles, armia krajowa also published fake German newspapers in order to smear the German troops (in part of the N). The second largest Polish underground publishing center was krakow. From the summer of 1944 to the summer of 1944, Germans found almost sixteen underground printing presses (from October 1943 to September 1944)... Naucho was the longest Polish underground newspaper dedicated to satire; twenty issues were published from October 1943 to September 1944... In addition to the Polish titles, armia krajowa also published fake German newspapers in order to smear the German troops (in part of the N). Besides the polish titles, armia krajowa also published fake German newspapers, to smear the German troops (in part of the N). Besides the Polish titles, armia krajowa also published fake German newspapers, in order to smear the N. Besides the Polish titles, armia krajowa also published fake German newspapers, in order to smear the N. Besides the Polish titles, armia krajowa also published fake German newspapers, in order to smear the N... Besides the Polish titles, armia krajowa also published fake German newspapers, in order to smear the N... Andrzej Nowicki, and Marian Pibecchia), the ghettos, and even from the ghettos (jana maria gisges, halina goczowa, zofia gorska (Romanowiczowa), tadeusz houj, kazimierz andrzej jaworski, and marian kubicki)... ), a variety of literary works were not able to survive the war, among them, krzysztof kamil baczynski, wacaw berent, tadeusz boy, tadeusz gajcy, zuzanna ginczanka, juliusz kaden, tetmajer, and brunoschulz... The theatres in all parts were governed by the secret council, which began with the establishment of four large companies and more than 40 smaller groups, all of whom were active in the theaters, and from the theatres themselves (jana maria gisges, halina goczowa, zofia gorska (Romanowiczowa), tadeusz houj, kazimierz andrzej jaworski, and marian Kubicki). Many plays, many of which were known to be mundane, were: karol adwentowicz, elzbieta barszczewska, henryk borowski, wojciech brydzinski, stefan jaracz, tadeusz kantor, tadeusz kotlarczyk, bohdan korzeniowski, jan kreczmar, adam mularczyk, andrzej pronaszko, leon schiller, arnold szyfman, stanisawa uminska, edmund wiercinska, maria wiercinska, karol wojtyea (who later became pope john Paul I), marian wyrzykowski, jerzy zawieyski and others. Andrzej Nowicki, and Marian Pibecchia), and there were numerous plays, some of which were familiar to the reader; they were: Karol Adwentowicz, elzbieta barszczewska, henryk borowski, wojciech brydzinski, stefan jaracz, tadeusz kantor, tadeusz kotlarczyk, bohdan korzeniowski, jan kreczmar, adam mularczyk, adam mularczyk, and others. In the ghettos and in the camps for Polish prisoners, many plays and pieces were not able to survive the war; among these, krzysztof kamil baczynski, wacaw berent, tadeusz boy, tadeusz gajcy, zuzanna ginczanka, juliusz kaden, tetmajer, and brunoschulz... The theatres in all parts were governed by the secret council, which began with the establishment of four large companies and more than 40 small groups, all of whom were active in the theaters, and even from the theaters themselves (jana maria gisges, halina goczowa, zofia gorska, tadeusz houj, kazimierz andrzej jaworski), a variety of literary works were not able to survive the war, among them, krzysztof kamil baczynski, wacaw berent, tadeusz gajcy, zuzanna ginczanka, juliusz kaden, tetmajer, and brunoschulz. “(adam didur, zbigniew drzewiecki, jan ekier, barbara kostrzewski, jorgmunt latoszewski, jorgmunt lefeld, jorgmunt lutoszewski, andrzej panufnik, piotr perkowski, edmund rudnicki, eugenia uminska, jorgi waldorff, kazimierz wikomirski, maria wikomirska, bolesaw woytowicz, mira ziminska) were sung in restaurants, cafes, private houses, by brave lyricists, on the streets, under the stewards of the german army. The patriotic songs were composed, such as siekiera, motyka, which was the most popular song of occupied warsaw. “(adam didur, zbigniew drzewiecki, jan ekier, barbara kostrzewski, jorgmunt latoszewski, jorgmunt lefeld, jorgmunt lutoszewski, andrzej panufnik, piotr perkowski, edmund rudnicki, eugenia uminska, jorgi waldorff, kazmierz wikomirski, maria wikomirski, bolesaw woytowicz, mira ziminska) were sung in restaurants, in private houses, by brave lyricists, on the streets, under the stewards of the german army. The patriotic songs were composed, such as siekiera, motyka, which was the most popular song of occupied warsaw. The patriotic songs were composed, such as siekiera, motyka, which was the most popular song of occupied warsaw. These patriotic songs were composed, such as siekiera, motyka, which was the most popular song of occupied warsaw. The restaurant, the cafe, the private house were turned into galleries or museums; some were closed, their owners, staff, and visitors held in constant fear, and even executed. The patriotic songs were composed, such as siekiera, motyka, which was the most popular song of occupied warsaw. (adam didur, zbigniew drzewiecki, jan ekier, barbara kostrzewski, jorgmunt latoszewski, jorgmunt lefeld, jorgmunt lutoszewski, andrzej panufnik, piotr perkowski, edmund rudnicki, eugenia uminska, jorgi waldorff, kazmierz wikomirski, maria wikomirski, bolesaw woytowicz, mira ziminska) were sung in restaurants, in private houses, by brave lyricists, on the streets, under the command of the german army. (adam didur, zbigniew drzewiecki, jan ekier, barbara kostrzewski, jorgmunt latoszewski, jorgmunt lefeld, jorgmunt lutoszewski, andrzej panufnik, piotr perkowski, edmund rudnicki, eugenia uminska, jorgi waldorff, kazmierz wikomirski, maria wikomirski, bolesaw woytowicz, mira zominska) were sung in restaurants, in private houses, by brave lyricists on the streets, under the command of the german army. The patriotic songs were composed, such as siekiera, motyka, which was the most popular song of occupied warsaw. The patriotic songs were composed, such as siekiera, motyka, which was the most popular song of occupied warsaw. The military art of the underground consisted of eryk lipinski, stanisaw miedza, stanisaw ostoja, and konstanty maria sopocko. The partisan songs were composed, such as siekiera, motyka, which was the most popular song of occupied warsaw. The military songs were composed, such as siekiera, motyka, which was the most popular song of occupied warsaw. These patriotic songs were composed, such as siekiera, motyka, which was the most popular song of occupied warsaw. These patriotic songs were composed, such as siekiera, motyka, which was the most popular song of occupied warsaw. The restaurant, the cafe, the private house became galleries or museums; some of them were closed; their owners, staff, and visitors were constantly under police command and even executed. “(adam didur, zbigniew drzewiecki, jan ekier, barbara kostrzewski, jorgmunt lutoszewski, jorgmunt lefeld, jorgmunt lutoszewski, andrzej panufnik, piotr perkowski, edmund rudnicki, eugenia uminska, jorgi waldorff, kazmierz wikomirski, maria wikomirski, wikomirski, wikomirski, wikomirski, mira zominska) were sung in restaurants, in private houses, by brave lyricists on the streets, under the command of the german army. They were patriotic songs, such as siekiera, motyka, which was the most popular song of occupied warsaw. There were patriotic songs, such as siekiera, motyka, which was the most popular song of occupied warsaw. The patriotic songs were composed, such as siekiera, motyka, which was the most popular song of occupied warsaw. The partisan songs, such as siekiera, motyka, which was the most popular song of occupied warsaw, were composed, such as siekiera, motyka, which was the most popular song of occupied warsaw. The patriotic songs were composed, such as siekiera, motyka, which was the most popular song of occupied warsaw. The restaurants, the private houses, were turned into galleries or museums; some were closed, and their owners, the staff, and the visitors were constantly under police command and even executed. In 1944, three giant (or, in other words, 20 feet long) puppets, caricatures of the hitler and the drunkard, were displayed in the public squares of warsaw. The patriotic songs were composed, such as siekiera, motyka, which was the most popular song of occupied warsaw. These patriotic songs were composed, such as siekiera, motyka, which was the most popular song of occupied warsaw. The military art of the underground consisted of In 1944, three giant puppets, or, in other words, twenty feet long, were displayed in the public squares of Warsaw in three patriotic songs: siekiera, motyka, which was the most popular song of occupied warsaw. These patriotic songs were sung, such as siekiera, motyka, which was the most popular song of occupied warsaw. The patriotic songs were sung, such as siekiera, motyka, which was the most popular song of occupied warsaw. These patriotic songs were sung, such as siekiera, motyka, which was the most popular song of occupied warsaw. The partisan songs, such as siekiera, motyka, which was the most popular song of occupied warsaw, were composed, such as siekiera, motyka, which was the most popular song of occupied warsaw. The partisan songs, such as siekiera, motyka, which was the most popular song of occupied warsaw, were composed, such as siekiera, motyka, which was the most popular song of occupied warsaw. The patriotic songs were composed, such as siekiera, motyka, which was the most popular song of occupied warsaw. The restaurants, the private houses, were turned into galleries or museums; some were closed; their owners, staff and visitors were kept under police encroachment, and even executed. The patriotic songs were composed, such as siekiera, motyka, which was the most popular song of occupied warsaw. (adam didur, zbigniew drzewiecki, jan ekier, barbara kostrzewski, jorgmunt lefeld, jorgmunt lutoszewski, andrzej panufnik, piotr perkowski, edmund rudnicki, eugenia uminska, jorgi waldorff, kazmierz wikomirski, wikomirski, wikomirski, mira zominska) were sung in restaurants, in private houses, by brave lyricists on the streets, under the command But the coops in warsaw, Krakow, and Poznan, were sponsored by the secret service of the German government. Many of these events were sponsored by the secret service of the underground state. During the Warsaw Uprising, in august 1944 to October 1944, the people in the imperial possession of Poland endeavored to recreate in their free country the life of a former, to-day, free country. The secret service of the underground ops of warsaw, Krakow and Poznan were the preserves of the German government. Many of these acts were sponsored by the secret service of the underground ops. The cultural life of the soldiers and the civilians was lively, with theaters, cinemas, post offices, newspapers and similar public enterprises. The Warsaw Uprising took place in August 1944 to October 1944 and the people in Poland's imperial requisition devoted themselves to replicating the life of a former, free country. Many of the poetry competitions took place in the uprising. Prizes were given to the best poem (many of the Polish poets of the younger generation were also members of the resistance). The headquarters of the military secretariat, headed by Antoni Bohdziewich, produced three newsreels and over 30 m2 (102 m) of film documentation of the struggle. The Secret Service of the Underground State, at Warsaw, Krakow and Poznan, was a state secret. Many of these events were sponsored by the State Secret Service of the Underground State. But the secret services of warsaw, Krakow and Poznan were funded by the secret service of the German government. The soldiers and civilians, by the way, occupied Poland. During the Warsaw Uprising, August 1944 to October 1944, the people of the imperial requisition devoted themselves to reimagining in their free country the life of a former free country. Many poetry competitions took place in the Uprising. Many of the Polish poets of the younger generation were also members of the Resistance. Many poets of the Polish youth participated in the uprising. The headquarters of the military secretariat, headed by Antoni Bohdziewitch, produced three newsreels and over thirty m2 (102 m) of film documentation of the struggle. eugenius lokajski took about one thousand photographs before he died; Sylwester braun some three thousand, of which he lost a few hundred; jerzy tomaszewski about one thousand, of which there were 600. But the units in Warsaw, Krakow and Poznan were the preserves of the German government. Many of these events were sponsored by the secret service of the underground. But the secret services in Warsaw, Krakow and Poznan were sponsored by the secret service of the underground. The secret service of the underground in Warsaw, Krakow and Poznan, at Warsaw, Krakow and Poznan, was a secret service of the German government. Many of these events were sponsored by the secret service of the underground. Many poems were published in the protest. Many of the Polish poets of the younger generation were also members of the resistance. Many of the Polish poets of the youth participated in the revolt. Many poetry contests took place in the protest. Many Polish poets of the younger generation participated in the protest. The Romantic service of the underground in Warsaw, Krakow and Poznan was a secret service, and many of these events were sponsored by the secret service of the underground. The protest was held in August 1944 to October 1944, and the people of the Imperial requisition devoted themselves to reimagining in their own country the life of a former free country. The secret service of the underground in Warsaw, Krakow and Poznan was administered by the German government. The secret service of the underground in Warsaw, Krakow and Poznan was administered by the German government, many of these events were sponsored by the secret service of the underground. Some Polish poets of the younger generation participated in the uprising. The headquarters of the military secretariat, headed by Antoni Bohdziewich, produced three newsreels and over thirty m2 (102 m) of film documentation of the uprising. eugenius lokajski took about one thousand photographs before he died; Sylwester braun had three thousand pictures, of which he lost a few hundred; jerzy tomaszewski about one thousand, of which there were about 600. The secret service of the underground in Warsaw, Krakow, Poznan was a secret service of the German government, many of these acts were sponsored by the secret service of the underground. The secret service of the underground in Warsaw, Krakow, Poznan was a secret service of the German government. Many of these acts were sponsored by the secret service of the underground. The secret service of the underground in Warsaw, Krakow, Poznan, at Warsaw, Krakow and Poznan, was a state secret, many of these events were sponsored by the secret service of the underground. But the secret service of the underground in Warsaw, Krakow and Poznan, at Warsaw, Krakow and Poznan, was a state secret, many of these events were sponsored by the secret service of the underground. The underground in Warsaw, Krakow and Poznan, at Warsaw, Krakow and Poznan, was a state secret, many of these events were sponsored by the secret service of the underground. Many poets of the youth participated in the uprising, many poems were published in the protest. The battlefield service of the underground in Warsaw, Krakow and Poznan, was a secret service of the German government, many of these events were sponsored by the secret service of the underground. The Imperial Requisition in Warsaw, Krakow and Poznan, was administered by the German government, many of these events were sponsored by the secret service of the underground. The invasion of Poland, on the other hand, took place in August 1944, and the people of the Imperial Requisition re-imagined the life of the old, free country. The czerwone maki na monte cassino (red poppies on the cassino), the sung by feliks konarski and alfredschultz in 1944. Many Polish poets participated in the revolt. Many Polish poets participated in the revolt. Many Polish poets participated in the revolt. The headquarters of the military secretariat, headed by Antoni Bohdziewitch, produced three newsreels and over thirty metres (102 feet) of film documentation of the revolt. Many Polish poets of the younger generation participated in the revolt. The uprising was held in August 1944 However, the coops in Warsaw, Krakow and Poznan were sponsored by the German government. Many of these acts were sponsored by the underground service. The underground service in Warsaw, Krakow and Poznan, at Warsaw, Krakow and Poznan, was a secret service of the German government, many of these events were sponsored by the underground service. The underground service in Warsaw, Krakow and Poznan, at Warsaw, Krakow and Poznan, was a state secret, many of these events were sponsored by the underground service. Many Polish poets of the youth participated in the revolt. Many Polish poets of the youth participated in the revolt. Many Polish poets of the youth participated in the revolt. Many Polish poets of the youth participated in the revolt. Many Polish poets of the youth participated in the revolt. Many poets of the youth participated in the revolt. The warsaw uprising took place in August 1944 to October 1944, and the people in the imperial requisition reimagined in their country the life of a former free country. The secret service of the underground in Warsaw, Krakow and Poznan, at Warsaw, Krakow and Poznan, was a secret service of the German government, many of these events were sponsored by the underground. The underground in Warsaw, Krakow and Poznan, at Warsaw, Krakow and Poznan, was a secret service of the German government, many of these events were sponsored by the underground. Many Polish poets participated in the rebellion, many poems were published in the protest. The protest was held in August 1944, and the people of the requisition of the imperial requisition reimagined the life of the former free country. The requisition of the requisition in Warsaw, Krakow and Poznan was managed by the German government, many of these events were sponsored by the requisition. Many Polish poets of the younger generation also participated in the rebellion. Many Polish poets of the younger generation participated in the revolt. The requisition of the requisition in Warsaw, Krakow and Poznan was managed by the German government, many of these events were sponsored by the requisition The wartime efforts to destroy polish culture may have strengthened it rather than helped it. In 1945, as a reward for untold sacrifices, the support of the survivors was greater than ever before... norman davies wrote in God’s playground: ‘In 1945, as a reward for untold sacrifices, the attachment of the survivors to their native culture was stronger than ever. During the war, the destruction of the culture of Poland may have strengthened it rather than helped it. In 1945, as a reward for the untold sacrifices, the support of the survivors was greater than ever. The resulting culture was, however, different from that of the wartime poland. The destruction of the jewish community, the postwar territorial changes and the postwar migrations left poland without its historic ethnic minorities. The wartime efforts to destroy Polish culture may have strengthened it or not; in 1945, as a reward for untold sacrifices, the support of the survivors was greater than ever. The resulting culture, however, was not the same as the wartime poland. The destruction of the jewish community, the postwar territorial changes and the postwar migrations left poland without its ancient ethnic minorities. The experience of World War ii threw its stamp on a generation of Polish artists, called the "Champs of the world"... the word is used to refer to an entire generation of Polish artists, born shortly after poland regained independence in 1918, whose adolescence was marked by world war ii. In their art, they "revealed a new Poland," forever changed by the atrocities of world war ii and the creation of a communist Poland... In wartime, the destruction of Polish culture may have strengthened it or not; but in 1945, as a reward for untold sacrifices, the support of the survivors was greater than ever. Many Polish works of art have been created since the war based on events of the war. Many books by tadeusz borowski, adolf rudnicki, henryk grynberg, miron biaszewski, hanna krall and others have been created from the experience of the war. The experience of the war threw its stamp on a generation of Polish artists called the "Champs of the World". The word is used to refer to an entire generation of Polish artists, born in 1918, and whose youth was marked by war ii. In their art they "sealed a new Poland, forever altered by the crimes of world war ii and the creation of a communist Poland. In 1945, as a reward for unknown sacrifices, the support of the survivors was greater than ever. However, the resultant culture was not the same as that of wartime Poland. The destruction of the Jews, postwar territorial changes and postwar migrations, left poland without its ancient ethnic minorities. Many works of Polish art have based on the events of war. During the war, the destruction of the culture of Poland, which was destroyed, may have strengthened it or not; but in 1945, as a reward for untold sacrifices, the support of the survivors was greater than ever. Many works of Polish art of art created since the war are based on events of the war. The experience of war threw its stamp on a generation of Polish artists, called the ‘Champs of the World’... The word is used to refer to an entire generation of Polish artists, born in 1918 and whose youth was marked by war ii. In their art they “sealed a new Poland, forever altered by the atrocities of world war ii and the creation of a communist Poland. In 1945, as a reward for unknown sacrifices, the support of the survivors was greater than ever. The destruction of the Jews, the post-war secession and the post-war secession left Poland without its ancient ethnic minorities. The destruction of the Jews, the post-war secession and the post-war secession, left poland without its ancient ethnic minorities. Many Polish works of art have been created since the war. Many works of art created since the war have been based on events of war. The experience of the war has sounded upon a generation of Polish artists called the ‘Champs of the World’. This word is used to refer to an entire generation of Polish artists, born in 1918 and whose youth was marked by war ii. Their art "seals a new Poland, forever altered by the crimes of war ii and the creation of a communist Poland. The destruction of the Jews, the postwar territories and the immigrations left poland without its historical ethnic minorities. During the war, the destruction of Polish culture, which was destroyed, could have strengthened it or not; but in 1945, as a reward for unknown sacrifices, the support of the survivors was greater than ever. Many works of Polish art created since the war have been based on the events of war. Many books by tadeusz borowski, adolf rudnicki, henryk grynberg, miron biaszewski, hanna krall and others have been created from the experiences of war. The experience of war threw its stamp on a generation of Polish artists called the "Champs of the World"... the word is used to refer to an entire generation of Polish artists, born in 1918 and whose youth was marked by the events of World War I. At the time of war, the destruction of Polish culture might have strengthened it or not; but in 1945, as a reward for unknown sacrifices, the support of the survivors was greater than ever. The destruction of the Jews, postwar settlements, and postwar settlements, left poland without its ancient ethnic minorities. The destruction of the Jews, postwar settlements and postwar settlements, left poland without its ancient ethnic minorities. Many Polish works of art have been created since the war; many works of art created since the war have been based on the events of war; many books by Tadeusz borowski, adolf rudnicki, henryk grynberg, miron biaszewski, hanna krall and others have been created from the experience of war. Many works of art were created from the events of war; the experience of war placed its stamp on a generation of Polish artists called the "Champs of the World". This word is used to refer to an entire generation of Polish artists, born in 1918 and whose youth was marked by the repression of World War I. In their art, they "sealed a new Poland, forever changed by the atrocities of World War I" and created a communist Poland. In war, the destruction of Polish culture, which was destroyed, may have strengthened it or not; but in 1945, as a reward for unknown sacrifices, the support of the survivors was greater than ever. The experience of war sounded on a generation of Polish artists called the "Champs of the World"... - this word is used to refer to an entire generation of Polish artists, born in 1918 and whose youth was marked by the war. - The destruction of Jews, postwar territories, and migrations, left Poland without its ancient ethnic minorities. The destruction of Jews, postwar territories, and migrations, left Poland without its ancient ethnic minorities. - Many Polish art works of art created since the war are based on the war. -