 During the third Anglo-Mysore war, the battle of tellicherry was a naval battle, fought between the British and French ships at the Indian port of tellicherry on the 18th of November 1791, during the third Anglo-Mysore war. But the enemy was not at war at the time, but the support of the kingdom of mysore by the British East India Company had been decisive in stopping and searching French ships sailing to the mysorean port of Mangalore. The third Anglo-Mysore War was fought in the "Telelicherry" on the 18th of November 1791, in the third Anglo-Mysore War. At that time the enemy was not at war, but the British East India Company's support of the mysore was decisive in stopping French ships sailing to the mysore port of Mangalore.'The british force under Captain Richard Strachan approached the convoy, and the escort of the vessel surrendered in twenty minutes, and both sides suffered severe damage and casualties.'The searches of the french vessels were conducted in an open field and subsequently returned to mahe. The local French authorities, in fury at what they deemed to be a violation of their neutral position, were furious. The Third Anglo-Mysore War was fought in tellicherry on the 18th of November 1791, in the third Anglo-Mysore War. The battle was carried out by the British and French ships at the Indian port of tellicherry on the 18th of November 1791, in the third Anglo-Mysore War. The enemy was not at war then, but the support of the Kingdom of Mysore by the British East India Company had prevented French ships from sailing to the mysore port of Mangalore. The French Government, in anger at what they considered to be a violation of their neutral position, was furious. The searches of the French ships were conducted in an open field and afterwards they returned to mahe. The messages sent back to france reporting the action of Commissariat Saint-Jean-Frantix were hardly received. Then the fight of tellicherry took place on the 18th of November 1791, in the third Anglo-Mysore war. But at that time the enemy was not at war; the support of the kingdom of Mysore by the British East India Company had been decisive in stopping French ships sailing to the mysore port of Mangalore. The Third Anglo-Mysore War was fought in the tellicherry on the 18th of November 1791, in the third Anglo-Mysore War. The battle took place at the Indian port of tellicherry on the 18th of November 1791, in the third Anglo-Mysore War. The enemy was not at war then, but the British East India Company's support in Mysore prevented French ships from sailing to the mysore port of Mangalore. Then the fight of tellicherry took place on the 18th of November 1791, in the third Anglo-Mysore War. The French government, angered at what they considered a violation of their neutrality, was furious. " The search of French vessels took place in an open field, and they returned to mahe. The French force was engaged in a naval campaign on the 18th of November 1791, during the third Anglo-Mysore war. At that time the enemy was not at war, but the British East India Company's support of Mysore prevented French ships from reaching the mysore port of Mangalore. At the time of the battle, the enemy was not at war, but the support of the kingdom of Mysore by the British East India Company prevented French ships from reaching the mysore port of Mangalore. Then the battle of tellicherry took place on the 18th of November 1791, in the third Anglo-Mysore war. In the third Anglo-Mysore War, on the 18th of November 1791, during the third Anglo-Mysore War, the battle of tellicherry took place at the Indian port of tellicherry, on the 18th of November 1791, during the third Anglo-Mysore War. The battle took place at the Indian port of tellicherry on the 18th of November 1791, during the third Anglo-Mysore War. The French forces engaged in a naval battle on the 18th of November 1791, during the third Anglo-Mysore War. The enemy was not at war then, but the British East India Company's support in Mysore prevented French ships from reaching the mysore port of Mangalore. The French government, in fury at what they considered to be a violation of neutrality, was furious. The French government, angry at what they considered a violation of neutrality, was furious. Then the fight of the tellicherry took place on the 18th of November 1791, in the third Anglo-Mysore War. The third Anglo-Mysore War was fought in tellicherry on the 18th of November 1791, in the third Anglo-Mysore War. The battle took place in the tellicherry on the 18th of November 1791, during the third Anglo-Mysore War, but the British East India Company's support of mysore prevented French ships from reaching Mangalore. The search of French vessels took place in the open field, and they returned to mahe. , it was a squadron in charge of laying siege to Mangalore, and preventing the passage of ships into mysorean territory. The squadron consisted of cornwallis in hms minerva, of captain sir richard strachan in hms phoenix, and of perseverance under captain isaac smith. the french were also a squadron on the coast, lead by Comte Saint--' " felix", consisting of two frigates based at mahe, a small french port in tellicherry, The squadron consisted of cornwallis in hms minerva, of Captain Sergeant Sergeant Sergeant Sergeant Sergeant  Sergeant Jack in the Battle of Mangalore. The French squadron at Matens, the superior of Comte Saint-Pierre, consisted of two frigates stationed at mahe, a small French port at tellicherry,[36] and, together with their guards, cornwallis and saac smith. The squadron consisted of cornwallis in hms minerva, of captain Sergeant Sergeant Sergeant Sergeant Sergeant Sergeant Sergeant Sergeant  The squadron consisted of cornwallis in hms minerva, of Captain Sergeant Sergeant Sergeant Sergeant  Sergeant Sergeant Sergeant It was a squadron set up to lay siege to Mangalore, and prevent the entry of ships into Mysore. The squadron consisted of cornwallis in hms minerva, of Captain Sergeant - We were a squadron in charge of slaying the siege to Mangalore and preventing the entrance of ships into mysore. The squadron consisted of cornwallis in hms minerva, of Captain Sergeant Sergeant Sergeant Sergeant Sergeant Serge While the frigate was towed back to mahe, it was anchored on the roads with sails and masts struck. Soon afterwards, Saint – @ felix arrived in his frigate Cybele and resigned himself to the fact that one of his neutral ships had been attacked and captured by the british. One account told how he had actually ordered his crew to fire at Cornwallis, but they did not. A few days later Saint-Friar arrived in his frigate Cybele and became very happy that one of his neutral ships had been attacked and captured by the british. The british had been shadowing the French for several days, openly defending and searching french merchant ships, without being able to make the reply of Saint-Friar. The british occupied the french for several days, swooping and sweeping their merchant ships without making any reply from Saint-Friar. When Cornwallis insisted that his ships were carrying out their orders, Saint-Friar promised reprisals if any of his ships were attacked, and left with cybele and resolue to resume their engagements the next day, followed by minerva and phoenix. In a few days Saint-Friar arrived in his frigate Cybele and was very happy that one of his neutral ships had been attacked and captured by the british. When Cornwallis insisted that his ships were keeping their orders, Saint-Friar promised reprisals if any of his ships were attacked and left with cybele and resolue to resume their engagements the next day, followed by minerva and phoenix. A few days later Saint-Friar entered his frigate Cybele and was very happy that one of his neutral ships had been attacked and captured by the british. When Cornwallis insisted that his ships were doing their duty, Saint-Friar promised reprisals if any of his ships were attacked, and left with cybele and resolue to resume their engagements, followed by minerva and phoenix. History of the affair has been recorded as saying that in normal political circumstances the action would have been of greater importance, while Edward pelham brenton claims that the french deliberately ignored the report because of fear of antagonising britain. As the seas and wind and sails were carried, the cormorant-ship, known as the Cereal-Bag, was carried back to mahe, its sails and masts were hit. The british, who for several days had been watching the French, had been fiercely attacking and searching their merchant ships, without allowing Saint-Friar to respond. The british had been following the French for several days, openly defending and searching their merchant ships, but Saint-Friar had not been able to reply. One report had it said that he had actually ordered his crew to fire at Cornwallis, but they did not. Several days later Saint-Friar entered his frigate Cybele, and was very happy that one of his neutral ships had been attacked and captured by the british. In a few days Saint-Friar had entered his frigate Cybele and was very happy that one of his neutral ships had been attacked and captured by the british. The british had been shadowing the French for several days, openly protecting and searching their merchant ships without Saint-Friar replying. In a few days Saint-Friar had entered his frigate Cybele and was very glad that one of his neutral ships had been attacked and captured by the british. When Cornwallis had asked his ships to obey, Saint-Friar promised reprisals if any of his ships were attacked, and left with cybele and resolute to resume their engagements the next day, followed by minerva and phoenix. The history of the affair has been recorded as saying that the action was more important in normal political circumstances, while Edward pelham brenton says that the french deliberately ignored the report because of fear of antagonising britain.