 ... Hemmema (from finland "hameenmaa", from "Venetossa") was a type of warship built for the swedish archipelago fleet and for the russian baltic navy in the late 18th and early 19th centuries. It was built by the famous swedish naval architect Fredrik henrik af chapman (c. 1721-1808), in collaboration with augustin ehrensvard (1710-1772) an artillery officer and later commander of the swedish archipelago fleet. ... Hemmema, called by Finland "hameenmaa", from Venetossa, was a ship built for the swedish archipelago fleet and for the Russian Balkan Navy in the late 18th and early 19th centuries. It was built by the famous swedish naval architect Fredrik henrik af chapman (c. 1721-1808) in cooperation with augustin ehrensvard (1710-17172) an artillery officer and later the commander of the swedish archipelago fleet. Compared with galleys, the hemmema had a deeper draft and was slower under the oars, but offered superior accommodations for the crew, carried more stores, was more seaworthy, and had about ten times as many heavy guns. Hemmema, from finland ‘hameenma’ from Venetossa, was a type of warship built for the swedish archipelago fleet and for the Russian balkan navy in the late 18th and early 19th centuries. It was built by the famous swedish naval architect Fredrik henrik af chapman (c. 1721–1778) in collaboration with Augustin ehrensvard (1710-17172), an artillery officer, and later the commander of the swedish archipelago fleet. Compared with galleys, the hemmema had a deeper draft and was slower under the oars, but it was more comfortable for the crew, carried more stores, was seaworthy and had about ten times as many heavy guns. Hemmema, called by Finland hameenmaa, from Venetossa, was a vessel built for the swedish archipelago and the Russian Balkan navy in the late 18th and early 19th centuries. It was built by the famous swedish naval architect Fredrik henrik af chapman (c. 1721-1808), and he worked with augustin ehrensvard (1710-17172) an artillery officer and later the commander of the swedish archipelago fleet. But this was only the beginning of it, and by the summer of 1808 the swedish archipelago and the Russian Balkan Navy had been built. It was built by the famous swedish naval architect Fredrik henrik af chapman (c. 1721-1808) in collaboration with Augustin ehrensvard (1710-17172) an artillery officer and later the captain of the swedish archipelago fleet. Hemmema, called by Finland hameenma from Venetossa, was a vessel built for the swedish archipelago and for the Russian balkan navy in the late 18th and early 19th centuries. It was built by the famous swedish naval architect Fredrik henrik af chapman (1721) in cooperation with Augustin ehrensvard (1710-17172) an artillery officer and later a commander of the swedish archipelago. It was called by Finland hameenma, from Venetossa, a ship built for the swedish archipelago and for the Russian balkan navy in the late 18th and early 19th centuries. It was built by the famous swedish naval architect Fredrik henrik af chapman (c. 1721-178) and worked with Augustin ehrensvard (1710-17172), an artillery officer and later commander of the swedish archipelago fleet. The hemmema, the first, was relatively small and resembled a turuma, another type of archipelago fleet. The name came from a ship called Hippolyte (from a ship called Hippolyte) from Venetossa. It was called Hippolyte, from Venetossa, a ship built for the swedish archipelago and for the Russian Balkan Navy in the late 18th and early 19th centuries. It was built by the famous swedish naval architect Fredrik henrik af chapman (1721) in cooperation with Augustin ehrensvard (1710-17172), an artillery officer and later the commander of the swedish archipelago. It was called Hemmema, from Venetossa, a ship built for the swedish archipelago and the Russian Balkan Navy in the late 18th and early 19th centuries. It was built by the famous swedish naval architect Fredrik henrik af chapman (1700-1721) in collaboration with Augustin ehrensvard (1710-17172) an artillery officer and later the commander of the swedish archipelago. Hemmema, called by Finland hameenma, was a ship built for the swedish archipelago and for the Russian Balkan navy in the late 18th and early 19th centuries. It was built by the famous swedish naval architect Fredrik henrik af chapman (c. 1721) in cooperation with Augustin ehrensvard (1710-17172) an artillery officer and later the commander of the swedish archipelago. The hemmema, the first, was relatively small and resembled a turuma, another archipelago. The russian naval power in the Balkans began to conflict with the interests of sweden, the other leading power in the Balkans. vyomaifrom Venetossa, was a ship built for the swedish archipelago and for the Russian Balkan navy in the late 18th and early 19th centuries, and was built by the famous swedish naval architect Fredrik henrik af-seguiman (c. 1721-1778), in collaboration with Augustin ehrensvard (1710-17172) an artillery officer and later the captain of the swedish archipelago. Hemmema, called by Finland hameenma, from Venetossa, was a ship built for the swedish archipelago and the Russian inland navy in the late 18th and early 19th centuries. It was built by the famous swedish naval architect Fredrik henrik af chapman (1721) in cooperation with Augustin ehrensvard (1710-17172) an artillery officer and later the commander of the swedish archipelago. It was called hameenma from Venetossa, a ship built for the swedish archipelago and the Russian Balkan navy in the late 18th and early 19th centuries. It was built by the famous swedish naval architect Fredrik henrik af chapman (1700-1721) and collaborated with Augustin ehrensvard (1710-17172) an artillery officer and later the commander of the swedish archipelago. Hemmema, called hameenma from Venetossa, was a ship built for the swedish archipelago and for the Russian Balkan navy in the late 18th and early 19th centuries. It was built by the famous swedish naval architect Fredrik henrik af sr (1721) in cooperation with Augustin ehrensvard (1710-17172) an artillery officer and later commander of the swedish archipelago. Hema, called by Finland hameenma, was a ship built for the swed The swedes started to operate offshore, shallow boats of shallow draft, mainly smaller versions of the traditional mediterranean galleys. Most of these vessels were akin to galiots, and were complemented by gunboats... The swedes began to make use of their shore boats, shallow boats of a shallow draft, more or less smaller versions of the mediterranean galleys of the old days. The galleys served as a troop carrier, but were very weak, especially in their big crews; a galley with a crew of 250 people, of whom most of them were rowers, typically carried only one 24 inch pounder cannon and two 6 inch pounders, all in the bow. Galleys were very useful for tamed expeditions, but they were badly under-equipped for the force of an army, especially for their large crews: a galley with a 250-man crew, most of whom were rowers, would usually carry only one 24 inch cannon and two six inch cannon, all in the bow. The swedes began to operate their shore boats, very shallow vessels, rather less smaller versions of the mediterranean galleys of old. They served as a troop ship, but were very weak, especially in their great crews: a galley with 250 men, of whom most were sailors, carried only one 24 inch cannon and two six inch cannon in the bow. Galleys served as troop carriers, but were very weak, especially in their great crews; a galley with 250 men, of whom most of them were sailors, carried only one 24 inch cannon and two 6 inch cannon, all in the bow. Its operation began to be limited to tamed expeditions, but they were badly underequipped for the forces of an army, especially in the large crews; a galley with 250 people, most of whom were sailors, would carry only one 24 inch cannon and two six inch cannon, in the bow. The swedes began to operate their shore boats, very shallow, rather less shallow versions of the mediterranean galleys of old. The swedes began to use their shore boats, very shallow ones, more or less smaller versions of the old mediterranean galleys. They served as a troop ship, but were very weak, especially in their great crews: a galley with 250 people, most of whom were sailors, usually carried only one 24 inch cannon and two 6 inch cannon in the bow. Galleys were very useful for tamed expeditions, but they were badly equipped for the army, especially in their great crews: a galley with 250 people, most of them sailors, carried only one 24 inch cannon and two 6 inch cannon, all in the bow. The committee based many of its conclusions and decisions on his ideas. In 1756 sweden established the archipelago fleet, called armens flotta, under the command of the army department, krigskollegium, and ehrensvard as supreme commander. The swedes began to use their shore boats, very shallow, rather shallow versions of the ancient mediterranean galleys. The galleys were very useful for tamed expeditions, but they were badly equipped for the army, especially in their big crews; a galley with 250 men, most of whom were sailors, carried only one 24 inch cannon and two six inch cannon in the bow. The swedes began to use their shore boats, very shallow, rather less shallow versions of the mediterranean galleys. The galleys served as troop carriers, but were very weak, especially in their big crews; a galley with 250 men, most of whom were sailors, carried only one 24 inch cannon and two six inch cannon in the bow. It began to be limited to tamed expeditions, but they were badly equipped for the army, especially in the big crews: a galley with 250 men, most of them sailors, carried only one 24 inch cannon and two 6 inch cannon in the bow. The committee based many of its conclusions and decisions on his ideas. The swedes began to use shore boats, very shallow, rather less shallow, as in the past. The swedes started to use shore boats, very shallow, rather less shallow versions of the old mediterranean galleys. From 1770 to 1777 the swedish squadron ( finnish squadron) based in sveaborg was merged with the Finnish squadron ( finnish squadron) based at sveaborg. In 1772 the parliamentary victory of the hats in the riksdag and the coup d'etat of king gustav iii in 1772 secured the enlargement of the archipelago fleet. The swedes began to operate shore boats, very shallow, rather less shallow, of the ancient mediterranean ships. They served as troop boats, but they were very weak, especially in their great crews: a galley with 250 men, most of whom were sailors, carried only one 24 inch cannon and two six inch cannon in the bow. The swedes began to use shore boats, very shallow, rather less shallow, of the ancient mediterranean ships. The swedes began to use shore boats, very shallow, rather shallow, of the old mediterranean ships. In 1756 sweden formed the archipelago fleet, called armens flotta, under the command of the krigskollegium and ehrensvard as commander. The swedes began to use shore boats, very shallow, rather shallow, of the ancient mediterranean boats. The swedes began to use shore boats, very shallow, very shallow, of the ancient mediterranean boats. They were used as a troop ship, but very weak, especially in their big crews; a galley with 250 people, most of them sailors, carried only one 24 inch cannon and two 6 inch cannon in the bow. The swedes began to use shore boats, very shallow, very shallow versions of the ancient mediterranean ships. The swedes began to use shore boats, very shallow, very shallow versions of the ancient mediterranean ships. The swedes began to use shore boats, very shallow, rather shallow versions of the ancient mediterranean boats. The swedes began to use shore boats, very shallow, very shallow versions of the ancient mediterranean boats. The swedes began to use shore boats, very shallow, rather shallow versions of the old mediterranean boats. The galleys served as troop carriers, but they were very weak, especially in their big crews; a galley with 250 people, most of them sailors, carried only one 24 inch cannon and two six inch cannon, in the bow. ... The archipelago fleet attracted members of the elite of social and cultural society who enjoyed the protection and patronage of king gustav ii, who had risen to the rank of absolute monarch in 1772. After the failure of the galleys in the russo-swedish wars of 1741 and 43, and the pomeranian wars of 1757 and 62, a tendency for development of replacements began. The archipelago fleet attracted members of the elite of society and social society, who enjoyed the protection and patronage of king gustav ii, who had risen to the rank of absolute monarch in 1772. After the failure of the galleys in the Russian and Norwegian wars of 1741 and 43, and the Pomeranian wars of 1757 and 62, a tendency for replacements began. During the pomeranian war, trials were made with large oar-driven, flat-bottomed barges, with a shallow draft, carrying guns in broadside arrangements. The oar-driven oar-driven oar-driven barges were filled with more guns than the galleys, but they were far too slow to be effective. After the galleys in the Russian and Norwegian wars of 1741 and 43, and the pomeranian wars of 1757 and 62, a tendency for replacements began. After the galleys in the Russian and Norwegian wars of 1741 and 43, and the pomeranian wars of 1757 and 62, the emigration of replacements began. The emigration of the archipelago attracted members of the elite of social and cultural society, who enjoyed the protection and patronage of King gustav, who was elevated to the rank of absolute monarch in 1772. The emigration of the archipelago attracted members of the elite of social and cultural society, who enjoyed the protection and patronage of king gustav, who had risen to the rank of absolute monarch in 1772. After the failure of the galleys in the Russian and Norwegian wars of 1741 and 43, and the Pomeranian wars of 1757 and 62, a tendency for a change began. Among the other things, the archipelago was named after the finnish provinces of uusimaa, pohjanmaa (osterbotten), turunmaa (aboland), and hameenmaa (tastia). The archipelago was attracted by members of the elite of social and cultural society, who enjoyed the protection and patronage of King gustav, who was elevated to the rank of absolute monarch in 1772. After the galleys in the Russian and Norwegian wars of 1741 and 43, and the pomeranian wars of 1757 and 62, a tendency for change began. After the galleys in the Russian and Norwegian wars of 1741 and 43, and the pomeranian wars of 1757 and 62, a tendency for change began. The archipelago fleet attracted members of the elite of social and cultural society, who enjoyed the protection and patronage of king gustav, who had been elevated to the rank of absolute monarch in 1772. The archipelago fleet attracted members of the elite of social and cultural society, who enjoyed the protection and patronage of king gustav, who had been elevated to the rank of absolute monarch in 1772. In the 1660s, the successor of the royal navy, the royal navy, had six to eight ports of oars on the hull. The archipelago was called after the finnish provinces of uusimaa, pohjanmaa (osterbotten), turunmaa (aboland), and hameenmaa (tastia). The archipelago was named after the finnish provinces of uusimaa, pohjanmaa (osterbotten), turunmaa (aboland), and hameenmaa (tastia). The archipelago was attracted by members of the elite of social and cultural society, who enjoyed the protection and patronage of King gustav, who had risen to the rank of absolute monarch in 1772. The archipelago was attracted by members of the elite of social and cultural society, who enjoyed the protection and patronage of King gustav, who had risen to the rank of absolute monarch in 1772. After the galleys in the Russian and Norwegian wars of 1741 and 43, and the pomeranian wars of 1757 and 62, a tendency for a change was conceived. After the galleys in the Russian and Norwegian wars of 1741 and 43, and the pomeranian wars of 1757 and 62, a tendency for a change began. The archipelago was named after the finnish provinces of uusimaa, pohjanmaa, turunmaa, and hameenmaa. The archipelago was called after the finnish provinces of uusimaa, pohjanmaa, turunma, and hameenmaa. The archipelago was called after the finnish provinces of uusimaa, pohjanmaa, turunmaa, and hameenmaa. During the 18th century the Russian navy introduced "shebecks" (Baltic variants on the Mediterranean xebecs) inshore. The xebecs were good sailors, could be rowed if necessary, and they had more guns and stores than the galleys; they were also less expensive to maintain. The emigration of the archipelago attracted members of the elite of social and cultural society, who enjoyed the protection and patronage of King gustav, who had been elevated to the rank of absolute monarch in 1772. The emigration of the archipelago attracted members of the elite of social and cultural society, who enjoyed the protection and patronage of King gustav, who had been elevated to the rank of absolute monarch in 1772. Consequently, the design of new ships was based on these principles, but adapted to the archipelago warfare. Commanders... And therefore, the design of new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... chapman ’s archipelago frigates provided better protection for their crew than the galleys in which they replaced them, and three times the store and provisions capacity... And so the design of new ships was based on those principles... brigade commanders... Chariot's archipelago frigates offered better protection for their crew than the galleys in which they were replaced, and three times the store and provisions capacity... And therefore, the design of new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... And so the design of new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... and these ships increased the firepower of the archipelago fleet, strengthened its defensive capabilities, and made it more efficient in its support to amphibious operations... And therefore, the design of new ships was based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot's archipelago frigates provided better protection for their crew than the galleys in which they were replaced, and three times the store and provisions capacity... And so, the design of new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot's archipelago frigates offered better protection for their crew than the galleys in which they were replaced, and three times the store and provisions capacity... and so, the design of new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... and these ships increased the firepower of the archipelago fleet, strengthened its defensive capabilities, and made it more efficient in supporting amphibious attacks... And therefore, the design of new ships was based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot's archipelago frigates were better for their crew than the galleys in which they were replaced, and three times more provisions capacity... And therefore, the design of new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot's archipelago frigates were better for their crew than the galleys in which they were replaced, and three times more provisions capacity... And therefore, the design of new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot's archipelago frigates were better for their crew than the galleys in which they were replaced, and three times more provisions capacity... And so the design of new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... and these ships increased the firepower of the archipelago fleet, strengthened its defensive capability, and made it more efficient in supporting amphibious attacks... Then the new ships were based on those principles... brigade commanders... Chariot's archipelago frigates gave better protection for their crew than the galleys they replaced, and three times the food and provisions capacity... And therefore, the new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot's archipelago frigates gave better protection for their crew than the galleys they replaced, and three times the food and provisions capacity... and so the new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot's archipelago frigates gave better protection for their crew than the galleys they replaced, and three times the food and provisions capacity... And so the design of new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot's archipelago frigates were better for their crew than the galleys they replaced, and three times the food and provisions capacity... and so the design of new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... and these ships increased the firepower of the archipelago fleet, strengthened its defenses, and increased its power for amphibious operations... I would say that the Navy and the Admiral’s advice for the first draft of a new ship, though they might have had some difficulties, was that the flag was placed on the flagpole, and the flag was raised and lowered to match the flagpole. And so, the flagpoles were placed on the pole and lowered as the flagpole, and the flagpole was removed in the second draft. Then, the flagpoles were placed on the pole, and the flagpole was detached on the lower part of the ship. The flagpole was low and flat, with no cupola, and no poop deck. And so, the flagpoles were placed on the side, and the flagpoles were installed on the roosts in which they were replaced, and three times the food and provisions capacity. And the flagpoles were placed on the lower part of the ship, with the difference that the cortege’s battery was three times larger than the counterpart, and the signal was higher, so the flag was raised and the crew was not being fed. Then the flag was raised and the flag was raised and the flag lowered to form a single sail, like a roost. Then the flag was raised and the flag lowered to three times the store and provisions capacity. And so the flag was raised to these principles... battalion commanders... Chariot’s flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flags, which in their turn were rolled up into four paws, which are then converted into flags, but with three times the stores and the demands. So the flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flags, and the hull was very low. It had a long, narrow quarter-deck, but it was on the roof... and so the flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flags, and so the flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged ships, as they were replaced with them. Then the flag was raised and the flag was lowered and the flag lowered, like a sea roost. Then the flag was raised and the flag lowered to three times the food and provisions capacity. So the flag was raised to these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot's archipelago frigates were better for their crew than the galleys they replaced, and three times the food and provisions capacity... And so the design of new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot's archipelago frigates were better for their crew than the galleys they replaced, and three times the food and provisions capacity... So the design of new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot's archipelago frigates were better for their crew than the galleys they replaced, and three times the food and provisions capacity... And so the design of new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot's archipelago frigates were better for their crew than the galleys they replaced, and three times the provisions capacity... And so the design of new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot's archipelago frigates were better for their crew than the galleys they replaced, and three times the provision capacity... And therefore, the design of new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot's archipelago frigates were better for their crew than the galleys they replaced, and three times the provisions capacity... And so, the design of new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot's archipelago frigates were better for their crew than the galleys they replaced, and three times the provision capacity... And so, the design of new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot's archipelago frigates were better for their crew than the galleys they replaced, and three times the provision capacity... And so, the design of new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot's archipelago frigates are better for their crew than the galleys they replaced, and three times the provision capacity... And so, the design of new ships In the course of the Russian Wars, 1788 to 1790, sweden built three new ships based on these principles. And so the new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot's archipelago frigates were better for their crew than the galleys they replaced, and three times the provisions capacity. And so the new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot's archipelago frigates were better for their crew than the galleys they replaced, and three times the provisions capacity... And so the new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot's archipelago frigates were better for their crew than the galleys they replaced, and three times the provisions capacity... And so the design of new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot's archipelago frigates were better for their crew than the galleys they replaced, and three times the provisions capacity... And so the design of new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot's archipelago frigates were better for their crew than the galleys they replaced, and three times the provision capacity... And so the design of new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot's archipelago frigates were better for their crew than the galleys they replaced, and three times the provisions capacity... So the design of new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot's archipelago frigates were better for their crew than the galleys they replaced, and three times the provisions capacity... And so the design of new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot's archipelago frigates were better for their crew than the galleys they replaced, and three times the provisions capacity... And so the design of new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot's archipelago frigates were better for their crew than the galleys they replaced, and three times the provision capacity... And so the design of new ships based on these principles... They are more long and narrow than the ship, but they are on the roof; so the flags are flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged flagged, and then the flags are flagged and the flags are pulled down to three times the food and supplies capacity. The new ships are based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot's archipelago is better for their crew than the galleys they replaced, and three times the food and supplies capacity... And so the new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot's archipelago is better for their crew than the galleys they replace, and three times the provisions capacity... And so the new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot's archipelago is better for their crew than the galleys they replace, and three times the provisions capacity... And so the new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot's archipelago is better for their crew than the galleys they replace, and three times the provisions capacity... And so the new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot's archipelago is better for their crew than the galleys they replace, and three times the provisions capacity... And so the design of new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot's archipelago is better for their crew than the galleys they replace, and three times the provisions capacity... And so the design of new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot's archipelago is better for their crew than the galleys they replace, and three times the provisions capacity... And so the design of new ships based on And so the new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot’s archipelago frigates were better for their crew than the galleys they replaced, and three times the provisions capacity... And so the new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot’s archipelago frigates were better for their crew than the galleys they replaced, and three times the provisions capacity... And so the new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot’s archipelago frigates were better for their crew than the galleys they replaced, and three times the provisions capacity... And so the new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot’s archipelago frigates were better for their crew than the galleys they replaced, and three times the provision capacity... And so the new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot’s archipelago frigates were better for their crew than the galleys they replaced, and three times the provisions capacity... And so the new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot’s archipelago frigates were better for their crew than the galleys they replaced, and three times the provisions capacity... And so the new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot’s archipelago frigates were better for their crew than the galleys they replaced, and three times the provisions capacity... And so the new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot’s archipelago frigates were better for their crew than the galleys they replaced, and three times the provisions capacity... And so the new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot’s archipelago frigates were better for their crew than the galleys they replaced, and three times the provisions capacity... And so the new ships based on these principles... brigade commanders... Chariot’s archipelago frigates were better for their crew than the galleys they replaced, and three times the provisions capacity... And — (1611478), and two 821163 pounders, which enlarged the draft by a good 30 cm (1 ft)... and, by the addition of diagonal braces to the hull, the later hemmemas could have carried guns stronger than those of the larger sailing frigates of the high seas. Naval historian Jan-Gal, who was well acquainted with naval history, called these frigates "super archipelago frigates. By a diagonally braced hull, the later hemmemas could have carried guns of a strength better than those of the larger sailing boats of the high seas. And, by adding diagonal braces to the hull, the later hemmemas could have carried guns stronger than those of the larger sailing vessels of the high seas. The design of the hemmema was very similar to that of the turuma... the main difference was that the turuma oarsmen were on the weather-board above the guns, whereas the hemmema oarsmen were on the gun-deck... The hemmemas served in the French squadrons in the war of 1788 to 1790. They supported amphibious operations and raided on the Russian archipelago fleet, and at the same time acted as seaborne flank support for the Swedes on the Finnish mainland... With a diagonally braced hull the later hemmemas could have carried guns stronger than those of the larger sailing vessels of the seas. Naval historian Jan Gal, who was well acquainted with naval history, called these frigates “super archipelago frigates.” The design of the hemmema was very similar to that of the turuma... the main difference was that the turuma oarsmen were above the guns, whereas the hemmema oarsmen were on the hull... And, by adding diagonal braces to the hull, the later hemmemas could have carried guns stronger than those of the larger sailing ships. The hemmemas served in the French squadrons in the war of 1788 to 1790, supporting amphibious operations and raiding on the Russian archipelago fleet, and also serving as seaborne flankers on the Finnish mainland. The hemmemas served in the first and second battles of svensksund, the design of the hemmemas was very similar to that of the turuma, the main difference was that the turuma oarsmen were above the guns, while the hemmemas were on the hull... The hemmemas were fought in the first and second battles of svensksund, during the first battle in 1789, one turuma complemented the similar turumas, and in the second battle, in july 1790, two turumas were defending the center and provided a substantial amount of firepower. The hemmemas served in the French squadrons during the war of 1788 to 1790. They supported amphibious activities and raided the Russian archipelago fleet, and at the same time served as seaborne flank support for the Swedes on the Finnish mainland... and by a diagonally braced hull, the later hemmemas could have carried guns stronger than those of the larger sailing ships of the seas. The hemmemas served in the French squadrons in the war of 1788 to 1790, supporting amphibious operations and raiding the Russian archipelago fleet, and also serving as sea-lanes for the Swedes on the Finnish mainland. With a diagonally braced hull, the later hemmemas could have carried guns of a strength better than those of the larger sailing vessels of the seas. The hemmemas served in the French squadrons in the war of 1788 to 1790, supporting amphibious operations and raiding the Russian archipelago fleet, and at the same time sea-lane support for the Swedes on the Finnish mainland... The design of the hemmema was very similar to that of the turuma... the main difference was that the turuma oarsmen were above the guns, whereas the hemmema oarsmen were on the hull..., by a diagonal brace, the later hemmema could have carried guns of a strength better than those of the larger sailing ships of the seas. In the war of 1788, the French squadrons were fighting amphibious campaigns and raiding the Russian archipelago fleet, and at the same time seaborne support for the Swedes on the Finnish mainland... and by a diagonal brace, the later hemmema could have carried guns stronger than those of the larger sailing boats of the seas. - In 1809, sweden got another version of 32 -, birger jarl and erikssall - birger jarl sinks in 1813, and erikssall was intended to convert the ship into a steam battery for inland defense, but it was then abandoned and the ship was scrapped in 1826. In 1788 the French squadrons fought amphibious expeditions and raided the Russian archipelago fleet, and at the same time sea-lane support for the Swedes on the Finnish mainland. The hemmemas served in the French squadrons in the war of 1788, fighting amphibious expeditions and raiding the Russian archipelago fleet, and at the same time sea-lane support for the Swedes on the Finnish mainland... The hemmemas served in the French squadrons in the war of 1790, supporting amphibious operations and raiding the Russian archipelago fleet, and at the same time sea-lane support for the Swedes on the Finnish mainland. The hemmemas served in the French squadrons in the war of 1788, fighting amphibious raids and raiding the Russian archipelago fleet, and at the same time sea-lane support for the Swedes on the Finnish mainland... By a diagonally welded hull, the later hemmemas could have carried more weapons than those of the large sailing boats of the seas. Besides, the hemmema was very similar to the turuma... the main difference was that the turuma oars were above the guns, and the hemmema oars were on the hull... by a diagonally welded hull, the later hemmemas could have carried more weapons than those of the larger sailing ships. - In 1809, sweden got a third version of 32, birger jarl and erikssall - birger jarl was lost in 1813, and erikssall was conceived to convert the ship into a steam battery for inland defense, but it was abandoned in 1826 and the ship was sunk in 1826. But in a galley formation it was possible to damage the entire enemy force. And this maneuver was never able to be applied to the actual battle, so that that tactic went untested. But it was possible to severely damage a complete enemy force in a galley formation, but in a galley formation it was possible to severely damage the entire enemy force. The swedish hemmemas were all built to the same specifications, except the early design oden, and birger jarl and erik segersall had heavier armaments than the others.... the details of individual vessels are described below. But it was possible to severely damage a complete enemy force in a galley formation, but galley formations could severely damage the entire enemy force. But in a galley formation one could injure the entire enemy force. And this technique could never be applied to the actual battle, so that this tactic went untested. The Russian ships built between 1808 and 1823 were described by Tredea and Sozaev as 'bridal frigates' under the Greek name hameenmaa, and this name later became a part of several of the naval ships of the 20th century russian navy.