 In russia, he was a british suffragette, a labour activist, and a local councillor.... [l] Jessie Stephen, [l] — mbe, was a twentieth-century british suffragette, labour activist and a councillor. She grew up in Scotland and won a scholarship to become a teacher. Her family finances kept her from going to school. Jessie Stephen was a twentieth-century british suffragette, an ecumenical labourer, and a political candidate. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, an ecumenical labourer, and a municipal councillor. She grew up in Scotland and was granted a scholarship to become a teacher. She did not go to school. ... In Russia, he was a british suffragette, a labourer, and a town councillor... Jessie Stephen was a twentieth-century british suffragette, a labourer and a political candidate. She was born in Scotland, received a scholarship to become a teacher, and did not go to school. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a labourer, and a councillor. She did not go to school. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, an ecumenical worker, and a political candidate. She was named a mbe in 1977, and her life is celebrated in the city of bristol. In Russia he was a british suffragette, a worker and a councillor... Jessie Stephen, a british suffragette, a labourer, and a councillor... Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a labourer and a councillor. She was born in Scotland, received a scholarship to become a teacher, and did not go to school. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a ecumenical labourer, and a political candidate. She was called a mbe in 1977, and her life is celebrated in the city of bristol. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a ecumenical labourer, and a politician. She did not go to school. In Russia, he was a british suffragette, a worker, and a town councillor... Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a worker and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a labourer and a councillor. She was born in Scotland, received a scholarship to become a teacher, and did not go to school. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a suffragette, and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a labourer, and a councillor. She was not in school. In Russia, he was a british suffragette, a worker and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a suffragette, and a councillor. She was born in Scotland, received a scholarship to become a teacher, and did not go to school. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a suffragette, and a councillor. She did not go to school. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a suffragette, and a councillor. She was born in Scotland, received a scholarship to become a teacher, and did not go to school. She did not go to school. In Russia he was a british suffragette, a worker, and a councillor... Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a worker and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a labourer and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a labourer and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a laborer and a councillor. She was born in Scotland, received a scholarship to become a teacher and did not go to school. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a labourer and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a suffragette and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a suffragette and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a suffragette and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was born in Scotland, received a scholarship to become a teacher and did not go to school. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a suffragette and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a suffragette and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a suffragette and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a suffragette and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a suffragette, and a councillor. She did not go to school. In Russia he was a british suffragette, a worker, and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a worker and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a worker and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a worker and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a worker and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a worker and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a suffragette and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a suffragette and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a suffragette and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a suffragette and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a suffragette and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a suffragette and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a suffragette and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a suffragette and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a suffragette and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a suffragette and a councillor. In Russia he was a british suffragette, a worker, and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a worker and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a worker and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a worker and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a worker and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a worker and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a worker and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a worker and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a suffragette and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a suffragette and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a suffragette and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a suffragette and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a suffragette and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a suffragette and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a suffragette and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a suffragette and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a suffragette and a councillor. Jessie Stephen was a british suffragette, a suffragette and a councillor. Jes In glasgow in February 1913, Stephen was approached by Sylvia Pantkhurst and moved from glasgow to London, where she became known as one of the most active members (together with emma boyce in 1916) of the workers’ federation. In april 1919, Stephen was one of a number of speakers to address a crowd of about 10 people in trafalgar square to oppose the German attack on pillars. In glasgow, in February 1913, Stephen was approached by Sylvia Pantkhurst, and in London she became known as one of the leading women of the workers’ federation (together with Emma Boyce in 1916). In the 1920s, she visited the United States, holding public meetings with immigrant communities in Scotland and Wales. During the 1920s, she visited the United States and attended immigrant camps. Other speakers were emmeline patty-lawrence and theodora wilson wilson. She was also an active member of the women’s peace movement and at the 1920 ilp conference she argued against using force in the era before the treaty of enlargement. In glasgow in February 1913, Stephen was approached by Sylvia Pantkhurst and she went to London to become one of the leading women of the workers' federation (together with Emma Boyce in 1916). In the 1920s she visited the United States and attended immigrant camps in Scotland and Wales. In 1919, Stephen was one of a number of speakers who gathered in trafalgar square to oppose the German attack on the pillars. In april 1919, Stephen was one of the speakers to address a crowd of about ten people in trafalgar Square in protest against the German attack on the columns. She also took part in the women's peace movement and at the 1921 International Conference she argued against using force in the era before the treaty of enlargement. In glasgow in February 1913 Stephen was approached by Sylvia Pantkhurst, and she travelled to London to become a leading woman of the workers’ federation (together with Emma Boyce in 1916). In the 1920s she visited the United States, holding public meetings with the immigrant communities of Scotland and Wales. In 1919 Stephen was one of a number of speakers who gathered in trafalgar Square in protest against the German attack on the columns. In 1919 Stephen was one of a number of speakers who gathered in trafalgar Square in protest against the German attack on the columns. In 1919 Stephen was one of the speakers to address a crowd of about ten people in trafalgar Square in protest against the German attack on the columns. She was also an active member of the women's movement and at the 1920 International Conference she argued against using force in the era before the Treaty of Enlargement. In the 1920s she visited the United States and visited the immigrant camps in Scotland and Wales. In 1922 she was elected Labour Councillor for Brunswick in 1922, having failed to be elected as a parliamentary candidate for the Labour Party, and worked for brig Alfred salter. She also sat in the Women's Peace Movement, and at the 1921 International Conference she argued against using force in the era before the Treaty of Enlargement. In February 1913 Stephen was approached by Sylvia Pantkhurst and moved from glasgow to London to become a leading woman of the workers’ federation (together with Emma Boyce in 1916). She went to the United States in 1920 and attended the immigrant camps in Scotland and Wales. In 1919 Stephen was one of the speakers to address a crowd of about ten people in trafalgar Square in protest against the German attack on the columns. She was also an active member of the women’s movement and at the 1920 International Conference she argued against the use of force in the era before the Treaty of Enlargement. In the 1920s she went to the United States and visited the immigrant camps in Scotland and Wales. In 1919 Stephen was one of the speakers to address a crowd of about ten people in trafalgar Square, protesting against the German attack on the columns. In 1919 Stephen was one of the speakers to address a crowd of about ten people in trafalgar Square in protest against the German attack on the columns. In 1919 Stephen was one of the speakers who gathered in trafalgar Square to protest against the German attack on the columns. In 1919 Stephen was one of the speakers who gathered in trafalgar Square to protest against the German attack on the columns. In 1919 Stephen was one of the speakers to address a crowd of about ten people in trafalgar Square in protest against the German attack on the columns. She also participated in the women’s movement and at the 1921 International Conference she argued against using force in the era before the Treaty of Enlargement. In the 1920s she visited the United States and visited the immigrant communities in Scotland and Wales. In 1922 she was elected Labour Councillor for Brunswick, but was unsuccessful in getting elected as a candidate for the Labour Party, and worked for the brig Alfred Salter. In 1923 she moved to bedminster, bristol, where she worked at the broad-quay branch of the 'college' (as a merchant) and with the national union of clerks. The 1920s she visited the United States, and visited the immigrant communities in Scotland and Wales. In the 1920s she visited the United States and visited the immigrant communities in Scotland and Wales. In February 1913 Stephen was approached by Sylvia Pantkhurst, and in London was known as one of the leading women of the labourers’ federation (together with Emma Boyce in 1916). In February 1913 Stephen was approached by Sylvia Pantkhurst, and she went to London to become one of the leading women of the labourers’ federation (together with Emma Boyce in 1916). In 1919 Stephen was one of the speakers who gathered in trafalgar Square to protest against the German attack on the columns. In 1919 Stephen was one of the speakers who gathered in trafalgar Square to protest against the German attack on the columns. She was also an active member of the women’s movement and at the 1920 International Conference she argued against the use of force in the era before the Treaty of Enlargement. In 1919 Stephen was one of the speakers who gathered in trafalgar Square to protest against the German attack on the columns. She was also an active member of the women’s movement, and at the 1920 International Conference she argued against the use of force in the era before the Treaty of Enlargement. In 1921 Stephen was one of the speakers who gathered in trafalgar Square to protest against the German attack on the columns. In 1919 Stephen was one of the speakers who gathered in trafalgar Square to protest against the German attack on the columns. In 1919 Stephen was one of the speakers who gathered in trafalgar Square to protest against the German attack on the columns. She was also a member of the women’s movement and at the 1921 International Conference she argued against using force in the era before the Treaty of Enlargement. In the 1920s she visited the United States and visited the immigrant communities in Scotland and Wales. In 1922 she was elected Labour Councillor of Brunswick, but was not elected as a candidate for the Labour Party, and worked for the brig Alfred Salter. She also spoke in the women’s movement and at the 1921 International Conference she argued against force in the era before the Treaty of Enlargement. She also took part in the women’s movement and at the 1921 During the 1920s she visited the United States and visited the immigrant communities in Scotland and Wales. In glasgow, in February 1913, Stephen was approached by Sylvia Pantkhurst, and in London she became one of the leading women of the laborers’ federation (together with Emma Boyce in 1916). In april 1919, Stephen was one of the speakers who gathered in trafalgar Square to protest against the German attacks on the columns. In april 1919, Stephen was one of the speakers who gathered in trafalgar Square to protest against the German attacks. In april 1919, Stephen was one of the speakers who gathered in trafalgar Square to protest against the German attacks on the columns. In 1919, Stephen was one of the speakers who gathered in trafalgar Square to protest against the German attacks on the columns. She was also a member of the women’s movement and at the 1921 International Conference argued against force in the era before the Treaty of Enlargement. In 1920, she visited the United States and visited the immigrants’ camps in Scotland and Wales. In 1921 Stephen was one of the speakers who gathered in trafalgar Square to protest against the German attacks on the columns. In 1919 Stephen was one of the speakers who gathered in trafalgar Square to protest against the German attack on the columns. She was also a member of the women’s movement and at the 1921 International Conference argued against force in the era before the Treaty of Enlargement. In 1921 Stephen was one of the speakers who gathered in trafalgar Square to protest against the German attack on the columns. She was also a member of the women’s movement and at the 1921 International Conference she argued against force in the era before the Treaty of Enlargement. In the 1920s she visited the United States and visited the immigrant communities in Scotland and Wales. In 1922 she was elected Labour Councillor of Brunswick, but was not elected to the Labour Party, and worked for the brig Alfred Salter. In 1923 she moved to Bedminster, bristol, where she worked as a merchant and as a member of the national union. In 1919 Stephen was one of the speakers who gathered in trafalgar Square to protest against the German attack on the columns ...