 The Fastra ii is a desktop supercomputer designed for tomography. It was built in late 2009 by the astra (all-scale reconstruction antwerp) group of researchers of the ibbt (interdisciplinary institute for broadband technologies) vision lab at the university of antwerp and by a belgian e-shop named Tones, in collaboration with Asus, a Taiwanese multinational computer manufacturer, as the successor of the Fastra i. It was estimated to be three times faster than the fastra i, and, in turn, somewhat faster than a 512 - core cluster. “The Fastra ii is a desktop supercomputer designed for tomography. It was built in late 2009 by the astra (the whole reconstruction antwerp) group of researchers at the ibbt (interdisciplinary institute for broadband technologies) in the university of antwerp and by Tones, a Belgian shop selling electronics, in collaboration with Asus, a Taiwanese multinational computer manufacturer, as a successor to the Fastra i. It is estimated that it is three times faster than the fastra i, and in turn somewhat faster than a 512-core cluster. But the total number of gpus in the system is a problem, especially for some of the newer computers, like the macbook, the cray jaguar and the ibm roadrunner, which cost millions of euros, the fastra ii uses consumer software, costs about six, £ 6, 000 in total. The Fastra ii is a desktop supercomputer, designed for tomography. It was built in late 2009 by the astra (all-scale reconstruction antwerp) group of researchers at the ibbt (interdisciplinary institute for broadband technologies) at the university of antwerp, and by Tones, a Belgian e-commerce company called Tones, in collaboration with Asus, a Taiwanese multinational computer manufacturer, as the successor of the Fastra i. It was estimated that it was three times faster than the fastra i, and somewhat faster than a 512-core cluster. The fastra ii's predecessor, the fastra ii, has four dual-core gpu geforce 9800 gx2 video cards, bringing total to eight gpus. The fastra ii was built in late 2009 by the astra (all-scale reconstruction antwerp) group of researchers at the ibbt (interdisciplinary institute for broadband technologies) vision lab at the university of antwerp, and by Tones, a Belgian electronics store, with Asus, a Taiwanese multinational computer manufacturer, as a successor of the Fastra ii. The problem of the number of gpuses in the system is a particular one, especially with some newer computers, such as the macbook, the cray jaguar, and the ibm roadrunner, which cost millions of eur. The Fastra ii is a desktop supercomputer designed for tomography. It was built in late 2009 by the astra (all-scale reconstruction antwerp) group of researchers at the ibbt (interdisciplinary institute for broadband technologies) at the university of antwerp and Bynes, a Belgian electronics shop, by Tones, with Asus, a Taiwanese multinational computer manufacturer, as a successor to the Fastra i. The Fastra ii is a desktop supercomputer designed for tomography. It was built in late 2009 by the astra (all-scale reconstruction antwerp) group of researchers at the ibbt (interdisciplinary institute for broadband technologies) at the university of antwerp, and Bynes, a Belgian electronics shop, led by Asus, a Taiwanese multinational computer manufacturer, as a successor to the Fastra i. The Fastra ii is four cpu geforce 9800 gx2 video cards, making eight cpu. The fastra ii uses consumer software, and costs about six, £ 6, 000. The faster cpu - cpu - geforce gtx 295 - and a single cpu - cpu - cpu - 275 - to make a total of 13 cpu. The performance of the cpu is very particular, especially for some of the newer computers, such as the macbook, the cray-jerk, the ibm roadrunner, which cost millions of eur, and which has to be built on consumer software, costs about six, 6, 000 in total. The cpu mainly do gyroo. The Fastra ii is a desktop supercomputer designed for tomography. It was built in late 2009 by the astra (reconstruction antwerp) group of researchers at the ibbt (interdisciplinary institute for broadband technologies) at the university of antwerp, and by Tones, a Belgian electronics shop with Asus, a Taiwanese multinational computer manufacturer, as a successor to the Fastra i. The Fastra ii is a desktop supercomputer designed for tomography. It was built in late 2009 by the astra (reconstruction antwerp) group of researchers at the ibbt (interdisciplinary institute for broadband technologies) at the university of antwerp, and Bynes, a Belgian electronics shop with Asus, a Taiwanese multinational computer manufacturer, as the successor of the Fastra i. The cpu is mainly used for gyroo. The Fastra ii is four cpu Geforce 9800 g, bringing the total to eight cpu. The Fastra ii uses consumer software and costs six, £ 6, 000. The fastra ii is four cpu geforce 9800 g, so eight cpu. The cpu is very special, especially for newer computers, such as macbook, cray-jerk, and ibm roadrunner, which cost millions of eur, and which is built on consumer software, costs six, £ 6, 000. The cpu mainly does gyroo. The cpu mainly does gyroo. The performance of the cpu is very special, especially for newer computers, such as macbook, cray-jerk, and ibm roadrunner, which cost millions of eur, is estimated to be three times faster than the ii, and somewhat faster than the ii. The ii is a desktop supercomputer designed for tomography. It was built in late 2009 by the astra (reconstruction antwerp) group of researchers at the ibbt (interdisciplinary institute for broadband technologies) at the university of antwerp, and by Tones, a Belgian electronics shop, with Asus, a * **-pushed the researchers of the Fastra ii to keep the side door open so that the cards can breathe in air from the same direction, thereby reducing the temperature inside the case. As a result, the first boot was unable to be completed. All the researchers at the Fastra ii would like to do was to keep the side door open so that the cards could breathe in the same air, which would reduce the temperature inside the case. But as an asus corporation managed to provide them with a specialized bios that completely omitted the address spaces of the gtx 295 video cards. Therefore, the first boot was not completed. And therefore the first boot could not be topped. - All the researchers of the Fastra ii wanted was to open the side door so that the cards could breathe in the same air, so that the case would be cooler. But as asus provided them with a special bios that had entirely skipped the address spaces of the gtx 295 card, the first boot could not be finished. As for the ii, it is very narrow, so it takes two slot each. Then the researchers found a flexible cable to suspend the cards over the CPU. I have also brought to my attention the idea that the main door must be opened to let the cards breathe in the same air, so that the case may be cooler. And that this is why the first boot is unable to be completed. The reason for this is that the Fastra ii has only a single motherboard, the fastest, with seven full-sized, express pci express slots... the memory was originally six 2 gb slots, but later it was upgraded to four gb each, so that the first boot was not completed. But as asus managed to provide them with a specialized bios, which completely omitted the address spaces of the gtx 295 cards, the first boot was not completed. As for the ii, it is very narrow, so it takes two slots each. Then the researchers made use of a flexible cable to connect the cards to the CPU. The fastra ii was then the only workstation motherboard that had seven full volt, dual-core pci express slots. The memory module was initially six 2 gb ram, but was later upgraded to four gb each, for a total of 24 volts. The Fastra ii was the only workstation that was equipped with seven full-size, dual-core pci express slots. It was the first boot, but it was not completed. The researchers of the Fastra ii wanted only to open the side door to let the cards breathe in the same air, so that the case would be cooler. But as the company provided them with a special bios which omitted the addresses of the gtx295 cards, the first boot could not be finished. Consequently the first boot could not be completed. Then they had to find a flexible cable to suspend the cards on the CPU. This was done by the researchers of the Fastra ii, which was the only workstation with seven full-size, dual-core pci. The memory was initially six 2 GB ram, but later it was upgraded to four GB, for a total of 24 volts. And so the first boot could not be completed. “All the researchers at the Fastra ii wanted to open the side door so that the cards could breathe in the same air and cool the case, but as asus had provided them with a special bios that had entirely forgotten the address spaces of the gtx 295 cards, the first boot could not be completed. "All the researchers at the Fastra wanted was to open the side door so that the cards could breathe in the same air, so that the case would be cooler, but as asus had provided them with a special bios that had entirely forgotten the addresses of the gtx295 cards, the first boot could not be finished. Therefore the first boot could not be finished. The Fastra was the only workstation with seven full-size, dual-core express slots. The memory was originally six 2 GB ram, but later it was upgraded to four GB, so that the first boot was not completed. The researchers at the Fastra wanted only to open the side door so that the cards could breathe in the same air and cool the case, but as the company had provided them with a special bios that completely ignored the address spaces of the gtx 295 cards, they could not finish. Then they had to find a flexible cable to hold the cards over the CPU. This was done by the researchers at the Fastra, which was the only workstation with seven express pci. The memory was initially six 2 GB ram, but later it was upgraded to four GB, so the first boot could not be completed. The Fastra ii was the only workstation that had seven express pci. It was the first boot, but it was not completed. The Fastra ii was the only workstation that had seven express pci. The memory was initially six 2 GB ram, but later it was upgraded to four GB, for a total of 24 volts. All the researchers of the Fastra ii wanted to open the side door to let the cards breathe in the same air, so that the case would be cooler. Then they had to find a flexible cable to suspend the cards over the CPU. "The fastra ii is over three times faster than the fastra ii in the reconstruction of ct. although the fastra ii consumes more power than the fastra i, it is more than three times as energy efficient as the fastra i and over 300 times as energy efficient as the 512 -  core. " “The fastra ii is more than three times faster than the fastra ii in the reconstruction of ct. although the fastra ii consumes more power than the fastra i, it is more than three times as energy efficient as the fastra i and over 300 times more energy efficient than the 512-core. “The fastra ii is over three times faster than the fastra ii in the reconstruction of ct., although the fastra ii consumes more power than the fastra i, it is more than three times as energy efficient as the fastra i and over 300 times more energy efficient than the 512 core. It was called the world’s most powerful notebook PC, “in small space,” and it was called “supercomputer. ” The fastra ii relies on nvidia’s scalable links-by-link (sli) system, which is so limited by the number of gpus supported by it and also by the vendor’s free and open source software... The Fastra ii is more than three times faster than the fastra ii, although the fastra ii consumes more power than the fastra i, it is more than three times as energy efficient as the fastra i and over 300 times more energy efficient than the 512 core. "The fastra ii is more than three times faster than the fastra ii in reconstruction of ct, although the fastra ii consumes more power than the fastra i, it is more than three times energy efficient than the fastra i and over 300 times more energy efficient than the 512 core. The fastra ii is based on nvlinks sli system, which is limited both by the number of gpus supported by it and also by the free and open source software of the manufacturer... It remains to be seen whether another fastra with nvlinks will be built, first with pascal @- @, in a chassis of 768 in which pascal = 1067.