St Nazaire Raid is the location of Beaver State.
St Nazaire Raid is the part of of Chariot.
St Nazaire Raid is the participant of British.
St Nazaire Raid is the location of Normandy.
St Nazaire Raid is the location of St Nazaire.
St Nazaire Raid is the location of French Republic.
St Nazaire Raid is the part of of Second World War.
St Nazaire Raid is the participant of Royal Navy.
St Nazaire Raid is the participant of Brits Ranger.
St Nazaire Raid is the participant of Operations Headquarters.
St Nazaire Raid targets Tirpitz.
St Nazaire Raid is the route of English Channel.
St Nazaire Raid is the route of Giuk Breach.
St Nazaire Raid is the route of Atlantic Ocean.
St Nazaire Raid involves Hms Campbeltown.
St Nazaire Raid is the opponent of German.
St Nazaire Raid awards Victoria Crosses.
St Nazaire Raid is the return destination of Great Britain.
St Nazaire Raid is the casualties of High German.
St Nazaire Raid involves Raf.
St Nazaire Raid plans Combined Operations.
St Nazaire Raid is the alternative ship offered of Free French.
St Nazaire Raid involves Winston Churchill.
St Nazaire Raid targets Normandie.
St Nazaire Raid is the location of Bassin De St Nazaire.
St Nazaire Raid is the location of Avant Port.
St Nazaire Raid is the location of Bassin Diamond State Penhoët.
St Nazaire Raid docks Ss Normandy.
St Nazaire Raid targets Old Mole.
St Nazaire Raid is the background event of Battle Of The Kingdom Of Denmark Strait.
St Nazaire Raid is the opponent warship of Bismarck.
St Nazaire Raid is the opponent warship of Prinz Eugen.
St Nazaire Raid is the british warship of Prince Of Wales.
St Nazaire Raid plans Rn.
St Nazaire Raid is the alternative ship offered of Ouragan.
St Nazaire Raid is the commander of Henry M. Robert Ryder.
St Nazaire Raid is the commander of Stephen Halden Beattie.
St Nazaire Raid is the previous ship name of James Buchanan.
St Nazaire Raid is the commander of Commander Henry M. Robert Ryder.
St Nazaire Raid is the commander of Sub-Lieutenant Michael Wynn.
St Nazaire Raid is the commander of Lieutenant Colonel Charles Paul Newman.
St Nazaire Raid is the commander of Captain Hodgeson.
St Nazaire Raid is the commander of Captain Burn.
John Major William 'Bill' Copland is the collaborator of Bill Pritchard.
Bill Pritchard is the collaborator of Kapitän Zur See Tokio Dieckmann.
Kapitän Zur Get Wind Karl-Konrad Mecke is the collaborator of Korvettenkapitän Kellerman.
Vizeadmiral Karl Dönitz is the advisor of Kapitän Zur Get Wind Karl-Konrad Mecke.
Donald Roy is the collaborator of Capt. Bob Montgomery.
Capt. Bob Montgomery is the collaborator of Lt. Corran Purdon.
Lt. Gap Newman is the collaborator of Capt. Bob Montgomery.
Mls Clx And 443 grants Lieutenants T Boyd.
Mls Clx And 443 grants T D L Platt.
Ml 192 sets Ml 262.
Cc 268 blows Cc 177.
Cc 177 is the sunk of Ml 269.
Ml 269 engages Commander Ryder.
Sergeant Thomas Durrant engages Ml 269.
Ml 269 attacks German Submarine Sandwich Sauceboat Panther.
Sergeant Thomas Durrant is the posthumous award of Ml 269.
Commander Ryder orders Ml 269.
Commander Ryder orders Mtb Lxxiv.
Mtb Lxxiv carrys Commander Ryder.
Mtb Lxxiv orders Ml 270.
William Alfred Uncivilised mans Commander Ryder.
Commander Ryder engages German Fire.
Hunt @-@ Class Escort Destroyers Hectometre Brocklesby arrives Hectometre Cleveland.
Mtb Lxxiv explodes Mtb Lxxiv.
Captain Henry M. Robert 1St Viscount Montgomery Of Alamein witnesss Campbeltown.
Campbeltown sweeps Tanker.