Frank Slide occurs Alberta.
Frank Slide occurs Canada.
Alberta is the previously part of of Northwest Territories.
Frank Slide causes Turtle Mountain.
Frank Slide involves John L. H. Down.
Frank Slide is the affected of Canadian Pacific Railway.
Frank Slide is the location of aftermath of Crowsnest Pass.
Cochrane is the heard sound at of Frank Slide.
Leslie Townes Hope Slide occurs Canada.
Lillian Kenneth Bancroft Clark is the survivor of of Frank Slide.
Sid Choquette warns Frank Slide.
Frederick Haultain is the visited aftermath of of Frank Slide.
Henry Frank is the town named after of Frank Slide.
Samuel Gebo is the town founder of Frank Slide.
Thomas More involves Alberta.
John Macleod is the visited aftermath of of Frank Slide.
Alberta Geologic Survey is the operates of State-Of-The-Art Monitoring System.
State-Of-The-Art Monitoring System uses Researchers.
State-Of-The-Art Monitoring System places Supervise Station.
Supervise Station locates Mountain.
Supervise Station provides Early Warning System.
Supervise Station is the alerts of Area Resident.
Geologists is the study of Slide Debris.
Geologists is the debate about of Air Cushion Theory.
Air Cushion Theory is the involves of Layer Of Air.
Air Cushion Theory is the involves of Rock.
Air Cushion Theory is the involves of Mount.
Geologists is the debate about of Acoustical Fluidization Theory.
Acoustical Fluidization Theory is the involves of Material.
Acoustical Fluidization Theory is the involves of Seismic Energy.
Acoustical Fluidization Theory is the causes of Friction.
Acoustical Fluidization Theory is the causes of Rubble.
Geologists is the terminology created of Debris Avalanche.
Fable spawns Misconceptions.
Fable is the mentions of Townspeople Of Frank.
Townspeople Of Frank is the mentions of Union Bank Of Canada.
Union Bank Of Canada is the mentions of Bank.
Union Bank Of Canada is the mentions of $500,000.
Route is the operate under of Police Guard.
People is the tell stories to of Survivor.
People is the tell stories to of Infant Girl.
Infant Girl names Frankie Slide.
People is the tell stories to of Marion Leitch.
Marion Leitch survives Sister.
Marion Leitch finds Ceiling Joist.
Marion Leitch dies Parents.
Marion Leitch dies Brothers.
People is the tell stories to of Gladys Ennis.
Gladys Ennis survives Tunnels.
Tunnels locates Turtle Mountain.
People is the tell stories to of Ed Mccurdy.
Ed Mccurdy is the features of Frankie Slide.
Ed Mccurdy is the popular in of Canada.
Frankie Slide is the basis of of How The Mountain Came Down.
Frankie Slide is the basis of of Stompin' Tom Connors.
Frankie Slide is the basis of of Wienerwurst, Ab.
Frank Slide is the subject of of Books.
Legacy is the attracts of Tourist Destination.
Tourist Destination is the proximity to of Crowsnest Highway.
Tourist Destination builds Roadside Turnout.
Town Boosters is the sought designation as of National Historical Site.
National Historical Site designates Provincial Historical Site Of Alberta.
Provincial Government is the declares of Development Zone.
Development Zone is the erects of Monument Plaque.
Development Zone is the opens in of Frank Slide Interpretive Centre.
Frank Slide Interpretive Centre includes Museum.
Museum is the documents of Coal Mining History.
Museum is the receives over of Tourist Visits.
Frank is the recovers from of Population.
Population is the consists of of Community.
Frank amalgamates Municipality Of Crowsnest Pass.
Municipality Of Crowsnest Pass includes Blairmore.
Municipality Of Crowsnest Pass includes Coleman.
Municipality Of Crowsnest Pass includes Hillcrest.
Municipality Of Crowsnest Pass includes Bellevue.
Frank is the home to of Residents.