Trees is the author of James Joyce Kilmer.
Trees writes Feb 1913.
Trees publishs Verse.
Verse publishs A Magazine Of Verse.
A Magazine Of Verse includes Kilmer'S 1914 Compendium Tree And Other Verse Form.
James Joyce Kilmer is the most remembered for of Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree.
Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree is the popular rendition by of Oscar Rasbach.
Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree is the popular rendition by of Nelson Purl.
Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree is the popular rendition by of Henry Martyn Robert Merrill.
Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree is the popular rendition by of Paul Paul Robeson.
James Joyce Kilmer is the eldest son of Kenton Kilmer.
Kenton Kilmer is the possible inspiration location of Rutgers University.
Kenton Kilmer is the possible inspiration location of University Of Notre Ma'Am.
Kenton Kilmer is the possible inspiration location of Ithiel Town.
Trees writes Mahwah.
Mahwah writes Feb 1913.
Feb 1913 writes Trees.
Feb 1913 writes James Joyce Kilmer.
Feb 1913 writes Kilmer'S 1914 Compendium Tree And Other Verse Form.
James Joyce Kilmer alludes Alex Michelini.
Alex Michelini alludes Georgetown University.
James Joyce Kilmer is the granddaughter of Miriam Kilmer.
Trees dedicates Ada Stephen Collins Foster Murray Alden.
Ada Stephen Collins Foster Murray Alden is the mother-in-law of James Joyce Kilmer.
Trees marrys Patrick Henry James Mill Alden.
Trees describes Rachel Hadas.
Trees describes Mark Royden Winchell.
Trees is the contemporary of of T.S. T. S. Eliot.
Trees is the contemporary of of Ezra Pound.
Trees is the contemporary of of H.D..
Trees is the contemporary of of Richard Horatio Edgar Wallace Wallace Stevens.
Trees is the contemporary of of Henry Martyn Robert Rime.
Trees is the contemporary of of Edna St. Vincent Edna Saint Vincent Millay.
Trees recounts Barbara Garlitz.
Trees describes Guy Davenport.
Trees describes Rick Hampson.
Trees describes Robert Holliday.
Trees critiques Conrad Conrad Aiken.
Kilmer influences T. S. Eliot.
Kilmer influences Ezra Pound.
Kilmer critiques Cleanth Van Wyck Brooks.
Kilmer critiques Robert Pennsylvania Warren.
Cleanth Van Wyck Brooks collaborates Robert Pennsylvania Warren.
Mark Royden Winchell agrees Cleanth Van Wyck Brooks.
Henry Kemper inspires Kilmer.
Guy Davenport suggests Kilmer.
W. B. Yeats inspires Kilmer.
Oscar Rasbach collaborates Annie Kilburn Kilmer.
Oscar Rasbach collaborates Ernestine Robert Alexander Schumann.
Oscar Rasbach collaborates John Charles Ii Thomas.
Oscar Rasbach collaborates Nelson Eddy.
Oscar Rasbach collaborates Robert Merrill.
Oscar Rasbach collaborates Perry Como.
Oscar Rasbach collaborates Paul Robeson.
Fred C. Newmeyer lampoons Oscar Rasbach.
Victor Borge parodys Oscar Rasbach.
Henk Van Der Vliet sets Oscar Rasbach.
Ogden Nash parodys Kilmer.
Thomas Merton parodys Kilmer.
Joyce Kilmer inspires Thomas Merton.
Gene Hackman acts John Hollis.