Zygoballus Sexpunctatus describes Jumping Wanderer.
Zygoballus Sexpunctatus is the occurs in of United States.
Zygoballus Sexpunctatus is the occurs in of Grassland.
Spider haves 3-4.5 Mm.
Spider haves Bronze To Black.
Spider haves Red-Brown Or Yellow.
Male haves Enlarged Chelicerae.
Male haves Enlarged Femoris.
Zygoballus Sexpunctatus is the exhibits of Ritualized Courtship Behavior.
Zygoballus Sexpunctatus is the exhibits of Ritualized Aggressive Behavior.
Zygoballus Sexpunctatus is the feeds on of Invertebrate Prey.
Zygoballus Sexpunctatus is the exhibits of Male Zygoballus Sexpunctatus Spiders.
Zygoballus Sexpunctatus is the exhibits of Female Zygoballus Sexpunctatus Spiders.
Zygoballus Sexpunctatus is the hatches from of Mid-Summer.
Zygoballus Sexpunctatus is the hibernates in of Immature Form.
Zygoballus Sexpunctatus is the reaches maturity in of Late April.
Nicholas Marcellus Hentz names 1845.
Nicholas Marcellus Hentz publishs Boston Journal Of Natural History.
Nicholas Marcellus Hentz names Attus Sexpunctatus.
Nicholas Marcellus Hentz classifys Pugnatoriae.
George And Elizabeth Peckham is the rename to of Zygoballus Sexpunctatus.
Zygoballus is the contains of Approximately Twenty Species.
Zygoballus distributes United States To Argentina.
Zygoballus classifys Dendryphantinae.
Dendryphantinae is the belongs to of Salticidae.
B. J. Kaston describes 3.5-4.5 Mm.
Robert And Betty Barnes describes Southeastern Piedmont.
Tennessee reports Western Mississippi.
Florida reports Alachua County.
Robert Fulton County Stadium locates Atlanta.
Virginia Tech Hokies participates 1986.
North Carolina State Wolfpack participates 1986.
Virginia Tech Hokies plays North Carolina State Wolfpack.
Virginia Tech Hokies is the won with score of 25-24.
Virginia Tech Hokies achieves First Bowl Victory.
Virginia Tech Hokies haves 9-1.
Virginia Tech Hokies participates 1986.
Virginia Tech Hokies plays Clemson.
Virginia Tech Hokies plays Syracuse.
Virginia Tech Hokies plays East Tennessee State.
Virginia Tech Hokies plays Blacksburg.
Virginia Tech Hokies plays Temple Owls.
Virginia Tech Hokies haves 1985.
Virginia Tech Hokies haves 6-5.
Virginia Tech Hokies plays Cincinnati Bearcats.
Virginia Tech Hokies plays Cincinnati.
Virginia Tech Hokies plays Cincinnati.
Virginia Tech Hokies plays Cincinnati.
Touchdown involves Nc.
Touchdown results Xxi.
Touchdown results X.
Touchdown is the time remaining of Four.
Nc reachs Halftime.
Tech starts Offensive Ownership.
Tech positions Atomic Number 85.
Tech is the distance of 24.
Tech moves Pace Communication Channel.
Hokies picks First Pile.
Hokies enters Nc Tell Territorial Dominion.
Wolfpack positions Field Of Operation.
Eddie Hunting Watch performs Second Quarter.
Eddie Hunting Watch is the ran for of Ii Minutes.
Eddie Hunting Watch performs Twenty-Five Percent.
Eddie Hunting Watch belongs Tech.
Eddie Hunting Watch contributes Twenty-One.
John Chapman participates Third Quarter.
John Chapman plays Sec Half.
John Chapman reachs X @-@ Grand Line.
John Chapman passs Donnelly.
John Chapman moves Tar Heel State State.
John Chapman positions Twoscore @-@ Railway Yard Line.
Kramer passs Worthen.
Kramer plays Old Dominion Tech.
Kramer completes Thirty-Third.
Kramer contributes Twenty-One.
Chris Kinzer kicks Twenty-Five Percent.
Chris Kinzer contributes Two Dozen.
Erik Kramer features Statistical Summary.
Erik Kramer competes Derrick Taylor.
Eric Chapman is the teammate of of Maurice William Carlos Williams.
Eric Chapman competes Mal Crite.
Postgame Burden announces Ira Hefter.
Postgame Burden occurs Prunus Persica Bowl.
Prunus Persica Bowl negotiates John R. Major American Television Network.
Prunus Persica Bowl manages Sleeping Accommodation Of Commerce.
Prunus Persica Bowl associates Nfl.
Prunus Persica Bowl renames Chick @-@ Fil @-@ A Bowlful.