Hibari @-@ Kun is the creator of Hisashi Eguchi.
Hibari @-@ Kun publishs Shueisha.
Hibari @-@ Kun adapts Toei Animation.
Kōsaku Sakamoto is the lives with of Ibari Ōzora.
Ibari Ōzora is the parent of of Tsugumi Ōzora.
Ibari Ōzora is the parent of of Tsubame Ōzora.
Ibari Ōzora is the parent of of Hibari Ōzora.
Ibari Ōzora is the parent of of Suzume Ōzora.
Kōsaku Sakamoto is the classmate of of Kaori Hanazono.
Kōsaku Sakamoto is the classmate of of Sayuri Kōenji.
Kōsaku Sakamoto is the classmate of of Makoto Shiina.
Makoto Shiina is the likes of Rie Kawai.
Makoto Shiina is the friends with of Kōsaku Sakamoto.
Mitsuo Kaji is the classmate of of Tsubame Ōzora.
Kaori Hanazono is the classmate of of Mitsuo Kaji.
Stop!! Hibari-Kun is the features of Hibari-Kun.
Stop!! Hibari-Kun publishs Weekly Shōnen Jump.
Stop!! Hibari-Kun publishs Shueisha.
Stop!! Hibari-Kun is the later published by of Futabasha.
Stop!! Hibari-Kun is the later published by of Shogakukan.
Stop!! Hibari-Kun produces Toei Animation.
Toei Animation directs Takashi Hisaoka.
Stop!! Hibari-Kun is the screenplay by of Shigeru Yanagawa.
Stop!! Hibari-Kun is the screenplay by of Tokio Tsuchiya.
Stop!! Hibari-Kun is the screenplay by of Hiroshi Toda.
Stop!! Hibari-Kun is the screenplay by of Tomomi Tsutsui.
Stop!! Hibari-Kun is the screenplay by of Takeshi Shudo.
Stop!! Hibari-Kun is the screenplay by of Yumi Asano.
Toei Animation is the character design by of Yoshinori Kanemori.
Stop!! Hibari-Kun is the music by of Kōji Nishimura.
Stop!! Hibari-Kun is the theme song singer of Yuki Yukino.
Stop!! Hibari-Kun ends Bradypus Tridactylus Hoshino.
Psychologist Tamaki Saitō describes Stop!! Hibari-Kun.
Manga Critic Haruyuki Nakano calls Stop!! Hibari-Kun.
Manga Critic Haruyuki Nakano is the attributes to eguchi 's ability of Hibari-Kun.
Manga Critic Jyamao describes Stop!! Hibari-Kun.
Manga Critic Jyamao is the not showing indecency or immorality of Stop!! Hibari-Kun.
Manga Reviewer Nobunaga Minami praises Stop!! Hibari-Kun.
Hiroyuki Asada influences Stop!! Hibari-Kun.