Mario Vargas Llosa is the author of The Feast Of The Goat.
The Feast Of The Goat is the subject of novel of Rafael Trujillo.
The Feast Of The Goat is the character of Urania Cabral.
Rafael Trujillo is the associate of Joaquín Balaguer.
Rafael Trujillo is the associate of Johnny Abbes García.
Rafael Trujillo is the international relationship of Fidel Castro.
Rafael Trujillo is the international relationship of John F. Kennedy.
The Feast Of The Goat is the actor in film version of Isabella Rossellini.
The Feast Of The Goat is the actor in film version of Paul Freeman.
The Feast Of The Goat is the actor in film version of Tomas Milian.
The Feast Of The Goat is the theatrical adaptation writer of Jorge Alí Triana.
Jorge Alí Triana is the collaborator of Veronica Triana.
Ñico Lora is the inspiration for title of The Feast Of The Goat.
Lynn Walford is the critique of The Feast Of The Goat.
Julie Sellers is the commentator on merengue of The Feast Of The Goat.
Stephen Ropp is the commentator on merengue of The Feast Of The Goat.
Daniel Chirot is the historical analysis of Rafael Trujillo.
Rómulo Betancourt is the assassination target of Rafael Trujillo.
Johnny Abbes García is the leader of Sim.
Johnny Abbes García is the associate of Trujillo.
Trujillo is the family of Ramfis Trujillo.
Trujillo is the associate of Joaquín Balaguer.
Joaquín Balaguer is the associate of General José Román.
Antonio Imbert Barrera disillusions Trujillo.
Antonio Imbert Barrera is the associate of Antonio De La Maza.
Antonio De La Maza disillusions Trujillo.
Estrella Sadhalá disillusions Trujillo.
Estrella Sadhalá is the associate of Turk.
Turk is the associate of Ramfis Trujillo.
Turk is the friend of Amado García Guerrero.
Amado García Guerrero disillusions Trujillo.
Amado García Guerrero is the friend of Antonio De La Maza.
Urania Cabral is the victim of Trujillo.
Urania Cabral is the family of Agustín Cabral.
Mario Vargas Llosa is the associate of Julia Alvarez.
Mario Vargas Llosa is the associate of Richard Patterson.
Mario Vargas Llosa is the associate of María Regina Ruiz.
Mario Vargas Llosa is the associate of Kaspar Friedrich Wolff.
Capricorn The Goat is the consort of Richard Patterson.
Capricorn The Goat relates Trujillo.
Getulio Dornelles Vargas Llosa is the author of of Novel.
Getulio Dornelles Vargas Llosa is the builder of of Regime.
Getulio Dornelles Vargas Llosa comments Historical Events.
Getulio Dornelles Vargas Llosa comments Book.
Getulio Dornelles Vargas Llosa respects Facts.
Getulio Dornelles Vargas Llosa limits Life.
Getulio Dornelles Vargas Llosa limits Republic.
Getulio Dornelles Vargas Llosa depicts Torture.
Getulio Dornelles Vargas Llosa depicts Execution.
Reader visualizes Trujillo.
Reader visualizes Regime.
Reader visualizes Torture.
Reader visualizes Murder.
Walter Kirn critiques Novel.
Walter Kirn comments Torture.
Walter Kirn comments Execution.
Walter Kirn suggests Novel.
Walter Kirn criticizes Plot.
Walter Kirn focuss Urania Cabral.
Walter Kirn mentions Demons.
Laura Miller discusss Trujillo.
Jonathan Heawood discusss Trujillo.
Michael Grant Wood discusss Trujillo.
Trujillo'S Loss Of Control relates Sexuality.
Trujillo'S Loss Of Control relates Power.
Bernard Diederich accuses Getulio Dornelles Vargas Llosa.
Getulio Dornelles Vargas Llosa accuses Plagiarism.
Novel adapts English-Language Film Adaptation.
English-Language Film Adaptation directs Luis Llosa.
English-Language Film Adaptation is the stars of Isabella Rossellini.
English-Language Film Adaptation is the stars of Urania Cabral.
English-Language Film Adaptation is the stars of Agustin.
English-Language Film Adaptation is the stars of Stephanie Leonidas.
English-Language Film Adaptation is the stars of Uranita.
English-Language Film Adaptation is the stars of Tomas Milian.
English-Language Film Adaptation is the stars of Rafael Leonidas Trujillo.
English-Language Film Adaptation films Dominican Republic.
English-Language Film Adaptation films Spain.
Jonathan Holland reviews English-Language Film Adaptation.
Jonathan Holland comments English-Language Film Adaptation.