Grammy Award For Best Concept Music Video presents 30Th Grammy Awards.
Grammy Award For Best Concept Music Video presents 31St Grammy Awards.
Grammy Award For Best Concept Music Video presents National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences.
Michael Nesmith is the recipient of of Grammy Award For Best Concept Music Video.
Olivia Newton-John is the recipient of of Grammy Award For Best Concept Music Video.
National Academy Of Recording Arts And Sciences establishs Mtv Video Music Awards.
Book Of Genesis is the recipient of of Grammy Award For Best Concept Music Video.
Weird Al Yankovic is the recipient of of Grammy Award For Best Concept Music Video.
David Bowie is the nominee for of Grammy Award For Best Concept Music Video.
Kate Bush is the nominee for of Grammy Award For Best Concept Music Video.
David Lee Roth is the nominee for of Grammy Award For Best Concept Music Video.
Janet Jackson is the nominee for of Grammy Award For Best Concept Music Video.
Tony Banks is the recipient of of Grammy Award For Best Concept Music Video.
Phil Collins is the recipient of of Grammy Award For Best Concept Music Video.
Mike Rutherford is the recipient of of Grammy Award For Best Concept Music Video.
Jim Yukich is the recipient of of Grammy Award For Best Concept Music Video.
John Lloyd is the recipient of of Grammy Award For Best Concept Music Video.
Jon Blair is the recipient of of Grammy Award For Best Concept Music Video.
Hampton String Quartet is the nominee for of Grammy Award For Best Concept Music Video.
George Harrison is the nominee for of Grammy Award For Best Concept Music Video.
Talking Heads is the nominee for of Grammy Award For Best Concept Music Video.
Weird Al Yankovic is the nominee for of Grammy Award For Best Concept Music Video.
Neil Young is the nominee for of Grammy Award For Best Concept Music Video.
The Silhouettes is the nominee for of Grammy Award For Best Concept Music Video.
Lionel Hampton is the nominee for of Grammy Award For Best Concept Music Video.
Elton John is the nominee for of Grammy Award For Best Concept Music Video.
Michael Jackson is the connection to of Grammy Award For Best Concept Music Video.