Nelly Furtado releases Loose.
Loose records Geffen Records.
Loose records Mosley Music Group.
Nelly Furtado releases Folklore.
Folklore records Dreamworks Records.
Dreamworks Records acquires Universal Music Group.
Universal Music Group acquires Interscope Geffen A&M.
Nelly Furtado features Janne Suni.
Nelly Furtado collaborates Timbaland.
Timbaland collaborates Danja.
Nelly Furtado collaborates Justin Timberlake.
Justin Timberlake collaborates Lil Wayne.
Nelly Furtado collaborates Chris Martin.
Nelly Furtado collaborates Pharrell.
Nelly Furtado collaborates Scott Storch.
Nelly Furtado collaborates Nellee Hooper.
Nelly Furtado collaborates Lester Mendez.
Nelly Furtado collaborates Jellystone.
Nelly Furtado inspires Bloc Party.
Nelly Furtado inspires System Of A Down.
Nelly Furtado inspires M.I.A..
Nelly Furtado inspires Queens Of The Stone Age.
Nelly Furtado inspires Metric.
Nelly Furtado inspires Death From Above 1979.
Nelly Furtado inspires Tlc.
Nelly Furtado inspires Mc Lyte.
Nelly Furtado inspires Queen Latifah.
Nelly Furtado inspires Janet Jackson.
Nelly Furtado is the music collaboration of Calle 13.
Nelly Furtado is the music collaboration of Timbaland.
Nelly Furtado is the achievement of Billboard Hot 100.
Nelly Furtado is the achievement of Australia.
Nelly Furtado is the achievement of Uk Singles Chart.
Nelly Furtado is the achievement of Germany.
Nelly Furtado is the achievement of France.
Nelly Furtado is the achievement of Europe.
Nelly Furtado is the achievement of Latin America.
Nelly Furtado is the achievement of North America.
Nelly Furtado is the achievement of Canada.
Nelly Furtado is the achievement of Aria Singles Chart.
Nelly Furtado is the achievement of Nielsen Bds.
Nelly Furtado is the achievement of Spain.
Nelly Furtado is the achievement of Latin Pop Airplay Chart.
Nelly Furtado is the achievement of Japan.
Nelly Furtado is the achievement of Geffen Records.
Nelly Furtado is the achievement of Universal Music Group.
Nelly Furtado is the achievement of Pinkpop Festival.
Nelly Furtado is the achievement of Calgary Stampede.
Nelly Furtado is the achievement of Ottawa Bluesfest.
Nelly Furtado is the achievement of Teen Choice Awards.
Nelly Furtado is the achievement of World Music Awards.
Nelly Furtado is the achievement of American Music Awards.
Nelly Furtado is the achievement of Nrj Music Awards.
Nelly Furtado is the achievement of Get Loose Tour.
Nelly Furtado is the music collaboration of Chris Martin.
Nelly Furtado is the music collaboration of Juanes.
Nelly Furtado is the mention of Nickelback.
Nelly Furtado is the mention of The Pussycat Dolls.
Nelly Furtado is the mention of Latin Music.
Nelly Furtado is the mention of Billboard.
Nelly Furtado is the mention of Metacritic.
Nelly Furtado is the mention of Allmusic.
Nelly Furtado is the mention of Vibe.
Nelly Furtado is the mention of The Village Voice.
Nelly Furtado is the mention of Maclean'S.
Nelly Furtado is the mention of Gloria Steinem.
Nelly Furtado is the mention of Janet Jackson.
Nelly Furtado is the mention of Youtube.
Nelly Furtado is the mention of Janne "Tempest" Suni.
Timbaland samples Nelly Furtado.
Hannu Sormunen comments Nelly Furtado.
Hannu Sormunen mentions Iltalehti.
Timbaland comments Mtv.
Mikko Välimäki is the legal counsel of Kernel Records.
Kalan Müzik is the press lawsuit against of Nelly Furtado.
Kalan Müzik releases Muhlis Akarsu.
Kalan Müzik is the press lawsuit against of Nelly Furtado.
Turkey is the location of organization of Kalan Müzik.
Turkey is the location of person of Muhlis Akarsu.
House Of York City F.C. is the manager of Nigel Worthington.
House Of York City F.C. makes Nigel Worthington.
House Of York City F.C. competes House Of York City F.C..
House Of York City F.C. plays House Of York City F.C..
House Of York City F.C. plays House Of York City F.C..
House Of York City F.C. eliminates House Of York City F.C..
House Of York City F.C. knocks House Of York City F.C..
House Of York City F.C. qualifys House Of York City F.C..
House Of York City F.C. finishs House Of York City F.C..
House Of York City F.C. qualifys House Of York City F.C..
House Of York City F.C. eliminates House Of York City F.C..
House Of York City F.C. knocks House Of York City F.C..
House Of York City F.C. plays House Of York City F.C..
House Of York City F.C. plays House Of York City F.C..
House Of York City F.C. plays House Of York City F.C..
House Of York City F.C. signs Nigel Worthington.
House Of York City F.C. sacks Gary Mills.
House Of York City F.C. replaces Nigel Worthington.
House Of York City F.C. releases Lee Steer.
House Of York City F.C. releases Jon Challinor.
House Of York City F.C. releases Chris Doig.
House Of York City F.C. releases Ben Everson.
House Of York City F.C. releases Winfield Scott Kerr.
House Of York City F.C. releases St. David Mcdaid.
House Of York City F.C. releases St. Patrick Mclaughlin.
House Of York City F.C. releases Michael Potts.
House Of York City F.C. releases Jamie Reed.
House Of York City F.C. releases Jason John Walker.
House Of York City F.C. releases Matty Tony Blair.
House Of York City F.C. signs David Mcgurk.
House Of York City F.C. signs Danny Parslow.
House Of York City F.C. signs Tomcat Platt.
House Of York City F.C. signs Chris David Roland Smith.
House Of York City F.C. signs Chris Kettings.
House Of York City F.C. signs Ben Davies.
House Of York City F.C. signs Craig Lucius Dubignon Clay.
House Of York City F.C. signs Lewis Montrose.
House Of York City F.C. signs Sander Puri.
House Of York City F.C. signs Ryan Bowman.
House Of York City F.C. injures Richard Cresswell.
House Of York City F.C. is the top scorer of Wes John Fletcher.
House Of York City F.C. is the clubman of the year of Lanre Oyebanjo.
House Of York City F.C. plays House Of York City F.C..
House Of York City F.C. plays House Of York City F.C..
House Of York City F.C. plays House Of York City F.C..
House Of York City F.C. plays House Of York City F.C..
House Of York City F.C. plays House Of York City F.C..
House Of York City F.C. plays House Of York City F.C..
Cheltenham is the transfer of Ashley Chambers.
Ashley Chambers is the transfer of Cambridge United.
York is the match of Northampton.
Northampton is the goal of John Fletcher.
Northampton is the goal of Gospel John Mccombe.
Northampton is the transfer of Kathleen Mansfield Beauchamp.
Kathleen Mansfield Beauchamp is the transfer of Clay.
Kathleen Mansfield Beauchamp is the transfer of Jamal Fyfield.
York is the transfer of Pope.
York is the match of Bristol Rovers.
York is the match of Hartlepool.
York is the transfer of Will Hayhurst.
York is the match of Chesterfield.
York is the transfer of Fletcher.
Fletcher is the goal of Fleetwood.
York is the match of Plymouth.
Plymouth is the goal of John Fletcher.
Plymouth is the goal of Mccombe.
Plymouth is the goal of Rachel Carson.
York is the match of Southend.
York is the match of Exeter.
Exeter is the goal of Mccombe.
Exeter is the goal of Coulson.
York is the match of Afc Wimbledon.
Afc Wimbledon is the goal of Coulson.
York is the match of Portsmouth.
York is the match of Wycombe.
York is the transfer of Calvin Andrew.
Calvin Andrew is the transfer of Mansfield.
York is the match of Torquay.
York is the match of Middlesbrough.
Middlesbrough is the transfer of Christopher Carson.
York is the match of Richard Burton.
York is the award of Worthington.
York is the match of Rochdale.
York is the match of Accrington.
York is the match of Oxford.
York is the match of Bury.
Bury is the goal of Hayhurst.
York is the match of Newport.
Newport is the goal of Coulson.
York is the transfer of Aaron Downes.
Aaron Downes is the goal of Matty Blair.
Antoni Sarcevic is the assist of Matty Blair.
York is the award of Oyebanjo.
York is the match of Scunthorpe.
Scunthorpe is the goal of Brobbel.
Scunthorpe is the goal of Calvin Andrew.