Roger De Mortimer Wheeler works British Army.
Roger De Mortimer Wheeler is the director of National Museum Of Wales.
Roger De Mortimer Wheeler manages London Museum.
Roger De Mortimer Wheeler is the superintendent general of Archaeological Survey Of India.
Roger De Mortimer Wheeler is the honorary director of Institute Of Archaeology.
Roger De Mortimer Wheeler studys University College London.
Roger De Mortimer Wheeler marrys Tessa Wheeler.
Roger De Mortimer Wheeler works Gaius Julius Caesar Octavianus Rivers.
Roger De Mortimer Wheeler appears Bbc.
Roger De Mortimer Wheeler is the representative for of Unesco.
Roger De Mortimer Wheeler is the significant contributor of South Asian Archaeology.
November 1918 stays Pulheim.
Pulheim locates Germany.
Germany stays March.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler stays Pulheim.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler returns London.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler works Essex.
Essex researchs Colchester.
Colchester researchs Roman Balkerne Gate.
Boudica is the destroyed of Colchester.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler submits University Of London.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler styles Dr. Wheeler.
Dr. Wheeler appoints National Museum Of Wales.
Dr. Wheeler becomes University College Of South Wales And Monmouthshire.
Dr. Wheeler moves Cardiff.
Dr. Wheeler mentions Lydia C. Carr.
Dr. Wheeler links Plaid Cymru.
Dr. Wheeler excavates Lydney Park.
Lydney Park locates Gloucestershire.
Dr. Wheeler admires Sir Matthew Flinders Petrie.
Sir Matthew Flinders Petrie marrys Hilda Petrie.
Dr. Wheeler excavates Isca Augusta.
Isca Augusta locates Caerleon.
Dr. Wheeler sponsors Daily Mail.
Dr. Wheeler associates King Arthur.
Dr. Wheeler publishs Oxford University Press.
Dr. Wheeler succeeds William Evans Hoyle.
William Evans Hoyle replaces Dr. Wheeler.
Dr. Wheeler supports Charles Reed Peers.
Dr. Wheeler supports Robert Carr Bosanquet.
Dr. Wheeler supports H. J. Fleure.
Dr. Wheeler receives William Reardon Smith.
William Reardon Smith donates Dr. Wheeler.
Dr. Wheeler visits Whitehall.
Whitehall locates London.
Dr. Wheeler opens King George Vi.
Dr. Wheeler works London Museum.
London Museum locates Lancaster House.
Dr. Wheeler moves Victoria Station.
Dr. Wheeler marrys Tessa Wheeler.
Tessa Wheeler mentions L.C. Carr.
Dr. Wheeler joins Society Of Antiquaries.
Dr. Wheeler lectures University College London.
University College London is the taught by of Stuart Piggott.
Dr. Wheeler excavates Verulamium.
Verulamium locates St Albans.
Dr. Wheeler works Kathleen Kenyon.
Dr. Wheeler works A. W. G. Lowther.
Charles Bathurst owns Lydney Park.
Dr. Wheeler works Charles Bathurst.
Dr. Wheeler researchs Catuvellauni.
Dr. Wheeler founds Institute Of Archaeology.
Institute Of Archaeology supports University Of London.
Dr. Wheeler is the taught by of Rachel Stiff.
Dr. Wheeler is the taught by of Barbara Parker.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler works Verulamium.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler excavates Iron Age Hill-Fort Of Maidan Castle.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler excavates Dorchester.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler excavates Dorset.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler marrys Tessa.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler collaborates Prince Charles Drag.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler collaborates Society Of Archaeologists.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler collaborates Dorset Field Club.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler criticizes W. F. Filth.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler criticizes Niall Sharples.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler visits Marseilles.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler visits Port Said.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler visits Sakkara.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler visits Sinai Peninsula.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler visits Palestine.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler visits Lebanon.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler visits Syria.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler mentions Tessa'S Biographer.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler marrys Throstle First De Vere Cole.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler visits Augustus John.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler marrys Caxton Hall.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler is the reception at of Percy Bysshe Shelley House.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler establishs St. John'S Lodge.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler is the speech at of London.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler mentions Charles Reed.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler compares Alexander Cambridge.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler is the president of of Museums Association.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler receives Bristol University.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler is the met of Winston Duke Of Marlborough.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler excavates Anatole France.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler collaborates Leslie Scott.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler excavates Normandy.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler involves Second World War.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler opposes Nazi Germany.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler criticizes Munich Agreement.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler raises Enfield.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler is the nickname given to of Flash Alf.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler discovers Clive Entwistle.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler participates North African Campaign.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler sails Glasgow.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler visits Great Bitter Lake.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler participates El Alamein.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler influences Royal Air Force.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler visits Leptis Magna.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler insists Sicily.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler promotes Brigadier.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler proposes Kim Collingridge.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler arrives Bombay.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler sails Exeter.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler travels Delhi.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler travels Simla.
Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler appoints Archaeological Survey Of India.
Atomic Number 2 works Glyn Daniel.
Atomic Number 2 works Gilbert Charles Stuart Piggott.
Atomic Number 2 instructs B. B. Lal.
Atomic Number 2 is the married of Kim Collingridge.
Atomic Number 2 works Leslie Alcock.
Atomic Number 2 employs Molly Myers.
Atomic Number 2 is the opposed nomination of of W.F. Grimes.
Glyn Daniel hosts Wheeler.
Wheeler discusss Tollund Man.
Wheeler visits Great Zimbabwe.
Wheeler visits Hadrian'S Wall.
Wheeler visits Pompeii.
Wheeler visits Leptis Magna.
Wheeler discusss Arikamedu.
Wheeler discusss Segontium.
Wheeler authors Early India And Pakistan.
Wheeler authors Ancient Bharat.
Wheeler contributes The Dawn Of Civilisation.
Wheeler authors Romanic Africa.
Wheeler discusss Persopolis.
Wheeler discusss Alexanders The Great.
Wheeler leads Battle Of The Somme.
Wheeler leads Diamond State Calais.
Wheeler conducts Charsada.
Wheeler is the oversaw excavations of Cadbury Castle.
Wheeler supervises York Minster.
Wheeler critiques Frank Francis.
Wheeler is the biographer of Jacquetta Hawkes.
Wheeler works Ralegh Radford.
Wheeler works Alcock.
Wheeler succeeds Derek Allen.
Barry Cunliffe organizes Wheeler.
Barry Cunliffe affiliates University Of Southampton.
Wheeler becomes David Collison.
Wheeler is the friendship with of Mallowan.
Wheeler visits Agatha Christie.
Wheeler visits Max Mallowan.
Wheeler resides Myres.
Tessa Verney is the parent of Michael.
Turdus Philomelos De Vere Cole is the spouse of Tessa Verney.
Turdus Philomelos De Vere Cole is the spouse of Margaret "Kim" Collingridge.
Turdus Philomelos De Vere Cole is the negative relationship of Gabriel Moshenska.
Gilbert Stuart Piggott is the colleague of Turdus Philomelos De Vere Cole.
L. C. Carr is the commentator of Turdus Philomelos De Vere Cole.
Sudeshna Guha is the commentator of Turdus Philomelos De Vere Cole.
Jacquetta Hawkes is the commentator of Turdus Philomelos De Vere Cole.
Dilip K. Chakrabarti is the commentator of Turdus Philomelos De Vere Cole.
Peter Johansen is the commentator of Turdus Philomelos De Vere Cole.
H.D. Sankalia is the commentator of Turdus Philomelos De Vere Cole.
Mickey Aston is the comparison of Turdus Philomelos De Vere Cole.
Ronald William Clark is the biographer of Turdus Philomelos De Vere Cole.
Fitzroy Somerset is the reviewer of Ronald William Clark.
Jacquetta Hawkes is the biographer of Turdus Philomelos De Vere Cole.
Saket Ram is the employee of Turdus Philomelos De Vere Cole.
Amjad Khan is the employee of Turdus Philomelos De Vere Cole.
Lewis K. Elbinger portrays Turdus Philomelos De Vere Cole.
Shah Rukh Khan portrays Amjad Khan.
Sudeshna Gusha is the researcher of Turdus Philomelos De Vere Cole.
Alex Salamunovich is the co-author of Turdus Philomelos De Vere Cole.