Nicole Franklin portrays Tessa James.
Nicole Franklin is the executive producer of Cameron Welsh.
Nicole Franklin is the romantic relationship of Geoff Campbell.
Nicole Franklin is the romantic relationship of Freyja Duric.
Nicole Franklin is the romantic relationship of Aden Jefferies.
Nicole Franklin is the friendship of Belle Taylor.
Nicole Franklin is the romantic relationship of Liam Murphy.
Nicole Franklin is the affair of Sid Walker.
Nicole Franklin agrees Marilyn Chambers.
Nicole Franklin is the actor kissed of John Lewis.
Nicole Franklin is the family relationship of Roman Harris.
Nicole Franklin is the love triangle of Melody Jones.
Nicole Franklin rescues Derrick Quaid.
Nicole is the father of Roman.
Nicole is the relationship of Aden Jefferies.
Nicole is the conflict of Brendan Austin.
Nicole is the relationship of Liam Murphy.
Nicole is the relationship of Sir Alexander Robertus Todd Lasance.
Nicole is the conflict of Jessica Tovey.
Nicole is the relationship of Angus Mccathie.
Nicole is the relationship of Penn Graham.
Nicole is the relationship of Marilyn Chambers.
Nicole is the relationship of Sid Walker.
Nicole is the relationship of George Ii.
Nicole is the conflict of Indigo Walker.
Nicole is the relationship of Geoff Campbell.
Nicole is the relationship of Freya.
Nicole is the relationship of Trey.
Nicole is the conflict of Derrick.
Nicole is the relationship of Miles Copeland.
Nicole is the relationship of Angelo Rosetta.
Nicole is the relationship of Teodor Josef Konrad Korzeniowski Coleby.
Nicole is the relationship of Natalie Franklin.
Nicole is the conflict of Elliot Gillen.
Nicole is the influence of Paris Hilton.
Nicole is the relationship of Belle.
Nicole is the conflict of Roo Stewart.
Nicole is the relationship of James.
Nicole is the conflict of Joe.
Nicole is the relationship of John Doe.
Julia Gillard mentions Nicole.
Nicole is the relationship of Angelo.
Nicole criticizes Henry Miller.
Henry Miller criticizes Nicole.
Henry Miller argues Marilyn.
Nicole argues Marilyn.
John criticizes Nicole.