Song Dynasty is the characteristic of Tower.
Song Dynasty is the characteristic of Buddhistic Pagodas.
Song Dynasty is the characteristic of Stone And Wooden Bridgework.
Song Dynasty is the characteristic of Munificent Tombs.
Song Dynasty is the characteristic of Extravagant Castle.
Song Dynasty is the influence of Architectural Literature.
Song Dynasty is the influence of Architectural Drawings.
Song Dynasty is the influence of Publish Books.
Song Dynasty is the role of Architects.
Song Dynasty is the role of Master Craftsman.
Song Dynasty is the role of Carpenter.
Song Dynasty is the role of Structural Engineer.
Song Dynasty is the transmission of Architectural Knowledge.
Song Dynasty is the support of Government Agency.
Song Dynasty is the support of School.
Urban Center is the contains of Palace.
Urban Center is the location of Bianjing.
Bianjing is the influence of Kao Gong Ji.
Bianjing is the construction of Emperor Shenzong.
Bianjing is the structure of Nanxun Gate.
Bianjing is the structure of Chenzhou Gate.
Bianjing is the structure of Dailou Gate.
Bianjing is the structure of Dongshui Gate.
Bianjing is the structure of Xinsong Gate.
Bianjing is the structure of Xinchao Gate.
Bianjing is the structure of North-East Water Gate.
Bianjing is the structure of Xinzheng Gate.
Bianjing is the structure of West Water Gate.
Bianjing is the structure of Wansheng Gate.
Bianjing is the structure of Guzi Gate.
Bianjing is the structure of Chenqiao Gate.
Bianjing is the structure of Fengqiu Gate.
Bianjing is the structure of New Wild Ziziphus Jujuba Gate.
Bianjing is the structure of Weizhou Gate.
Zhang Zeduan is the depicts of Along The River During The Qingming Festival.
Zhang Zeduan is the depicts of City Gate.
City Gate is the depiction detail of Dongshui Gate.
City Gate is the depicts of Goddess Temple.
Yingzao Fashi is the technique of Rammed Earth.
Yingzao Fashi is the reference of Li Jie.
Bian River is the location of Imperial Boulevard.
Imperial Boulevard is the adjacent of Imperial Corridors.
Imperial Boulevard is the adjacent of Imperial Waterway.
Peach is the location of Bian River.
Plum is the location of Bian River.
Pear is the location of Bian River.
Apricot is the location of Bian River.
Buddhistic Stupa is the purpose of Scriptural Sutras.
Han Dynasty is the influence of Buddhistic Stupa.
Southern And Northern Dynasties is the development of Buddhistic Stupa.
Sui Dynasty is the development of Buddhistic Stupa.
Tang Dynasty is the development of Buddhistic Stupa.
Songyue Pagoda builds Song Dynasty.
Giant Wild Goose Pagoda builds Song Dynasty.
Cosmic Imperial Authority is the avoidance of City Gate.
Youguo Temple is the location of Kaifeng.
Iron-Grayness is the composition of Glazed Bricks.
Yu Hao is the construction of Northern Song.
Ren Zong Of Song is the order of Iron-Grayness.
Liuhe Pagoda is the location of Hangzhou.
Liuhe Pagoda is the location of Zhejiang Province.
Lingxiao Pagoda is the location of Hangzhou.
Lingxiao Pagoda is the location of Zhejiang Province.
Pizhi Pagoda is the location of Hangzhou.
Pizhi Pagoda is the location of Zhejiang Province.
Fogong Temple is the comparison of Liaodi Pagoda.
Dali is the comparison of Liaodi Pagoda.
Kaiyuan Monastery is the location of Liaodi Pagoda.
Liaodi Pagoda is the location of Dong County.
Liaodi Pagoda is the location of Hopeh Province.
Liaodi Pagoda is the surveillance of Liao Dynasty.
Liaodi Pagoda is the observation of Gaocheng Astronomical Observatory.
Fei Family is the location of Jinze.
Fei Family is the patronage of White Lotus Sect Of Buddhism.
Jinze is the development of Nanxiang.
Jin Temple is the main building of Temple Of The Saintlike Mother.
Jin Temple is the unique feature of Jingling Castle.
Jingling Castle locates Great Pyramid.
Ba Zi Bridge is the similar structure of Rainbow Bridge In Wuyuan.
Sudi Causeway names Sudi Causeway.
Dongjin Bridge is the still existing of Dongjin Bridge.
Baisha Tomb is the contains of Baisha Tomb.