Moro River Campaign is the part of of Italian Campaign.
Moro River Campaign is the part of of Second World War.
Moro River Campaign involves British Eighth Army.
Moro River Campaign involves Lxxv Panzer Squadron.
Moro River Campaign involves German 10Th Army.
Moro River Campaign plans General Harold Alexander'S 15Th Army.
Moro River Campaign aims Pescara.
Moro River Campaign aims Rome.
Moro River Campaign attacks Infantry Divisions.
Moro River Campaign attacks Canadian.
Moro River Campaign attacks Indian.
Moro River Campaign attacks New Zealand.
Moro River Campaign attacks Armoured Brigades.
Moro River Campaign obtains German Positions.
Moro River Campaign obtains Bridgeheads.
Moro River Campaign engages German Winter Line.
Moro River Campaign is the defense of of Sangro River.
Sangro River is the defense of of V Corps.
V Corps is the commander of Lieutenant General Charles Allfrey.
V Corps consists British 78Th Infantry Division.
British 78Th Infantry Division is the commander of Major General Vyvyan Evelegh.
V Corps consists 8Th Indian Infantry Division.
8Th Indian Infantry Division is the commander of Major General Dudley Russell.
V Corps supports Xii Corps.
Xii Corps supports 2Nd New Territories Division.
2Nd New Territories Division is the commander of Lieutenant.
Sangro River establishs German Winter Line.
Sangro River relieves 1St Canadian Infantry Division.
1St Canadian Infantry Division is the commander of Major General Chris Vokes.
Sangro River relieves 8Th New Zealand Division.
8Th New Zealand Division relieves 1St Canadian Infantry Division.
River situates 26Th Panzer Division.
26Th Panzer Division is the commander of Brigadier General Smilo Freiherr Von Luttwitz.
26Th Panzer Division situates Orsogna.
26Th Panzer Division is the commander of Brigadier General Hellmuth Pfeifer.
26Th Panzer Division supports 1St Parachute Division.
26Th Panzer Division supports 5Th Mountain Division.
5Th Mountain Division is the commander of Brigadier General Julius Ringel.
Traugott Herr is the commander of 65Th Infantry Division.
Joachim Lemelsen is the commander of 65Th Infantry Division.
65Th Infantry Division faces 26Th Panzer Division.
26Th Panzer Division supports 1St Parachute Division.
26Th Panzer Division supports 5Th Mountain Division.
26Th Panzer Division is the commander of Hellmuth Pfeifer.
1St Parachute Division is the commander of Julius Ringel.
5Th Mountain Division is the commander of Julius Ringel.
Lieutenant Colonel Bethelware is the reconnaissance of Villa Rogatti.
Lieutenant Colonel Bethelware is the attack plan of Villa Rogatti.
Kennedy is the commander of Hastings And Prince Edward Regiment.
Seaforth Highlanders is the attack of San Leonardo.
Major General Vokes devises Moro River.
48Th Highlanders Of Canada is the assault of San Donato.
Princess-Patricia Canadian Light Infantry Of Canadian Light Infantry Of Canada is the assault of San Donato.
48Th Highlanders Of Canada is the assault of San Donato.
Prince Edward'S Canadian Infantry Of Canada is the assault of San Donato.
Royal Canadian Regiment Of Rcr is the movement of San Donato.
Hastings And Prince Edward is the aid of San Leonardo.
Seaforth B Company is the attack of San Leonardo.
Seaforth B Company is the casualties of German Army.
Hastings And Prince Edward is the aid of San Leonardo.
Lieutenant Colonel Kennedy orders San Leonardo.
Hastings And Prince Edward is the withdrawal of Moro River.
200Th Panzergrenadier Regiment is the counterattack of Rcr.
200Th Panzergrenadier Regiment is the attack of Rcr.
200Th Panzergrenadier Regiment is the defense of San Leonardo.
14Th Armoured Regiment is the transport of San Leonardo.
Bernard Frélbrd orders Princess Patricia’S Canadian Infantry.
Bernard Frélbrd commands C Company.
Lieutenant Paul Triquet commands C Company.
Lieutenant Paul Triquet provides Ontario Regiment.
Princess Patricia’S Canadian Infantry engages 90Th Panzergrenadier Division.
90Th Panzergrenadier Division retreats 1St Parachute Division.
C Company engages Panzer Ivs.
British 17Th Infantry Brigade is the part of of 5Th Division.
Lieutenant General Major Miles Dempsey commands 5Th Division.
21St Brigade Of The Indian Division establishs Impossible Bridge.
8Th Division Brigade passs 17Th Indian Infantry Brigade.
New Zealand Division launchs Operation Florence.
Brigade is the commander of Lieutenant General Major Miles Dempsey.
Indian Division is the commander of Lieutenant General Major Miles Dempsey.
New Zealand Division is the commander of Lieutenant General Major Miles Dempsey.
Indian Division establishs 21St Brigade.
New Zealand Division decides Orsogna.
New Zealand Division launchs Florence.
German Forces is the counterattacked of 6Th Parachute Regiment.
6Th Parachute Regiment is the sent to relieve of 26Th Panzer Division.
26Th Panzer Division relieves 9Th Panzergrenadier Regiment.
20Th Regiment attacks Orsogna.
20Th Regiment uses Sherman Tanks.
Royal Regiment fights Casa Berardi.
Royal Canadian Regiment fights Casa Berardi.
Russian Regiment takes Crossroads.
2Nd Brigade Of The 19Th Indian Regiment attacks Villa Grande.
German is the conflict of Canadian.
German is the conflict of Russian.
German is the conflict of British.
Royal Canadian Regiment is the belongs to of V Corps.
Royal West Kantese is the belongs to of 8Th Indian Division.
19Th Indian Regiment is the belongs to of 2Nd New Zealand Division.
1St Parachute Regiment leaves Canadian.
Russian is the conflict of German.
British is the conflict of German.
British is the conflict of German.
5Th Infantry Division attacks V Corps.
V Corps recommends Montgomery.
Montgomery recommends Alexei.
Alexei orders V Corps.
Canadian Army participates Ortona.
German Army participates Ortona.
Russian Army participates Ortona.
V Corps participates Ortona.
General Alexei is the belongs to of Russian Army.
1St Cavalry Regiment participates Ortona.