The Magdalen Reading is the part of of Monumental Mid-15Th Century Oil-On-Panel Altarpiece.
Monumental Mid-15Th Century Oil-On-Panel Altarpiece creates Rogier Van Der Weyden.
Monumental Mid-15Th Century Oil-On-Panel Altarpiece paints Dutch Painter.
Monumental Mid-15Th Century Oil-On-Panel Altarpiece makes Oak.
Monumental Mid-15Th Century Oil-On-Panel Altarpiece locates National Gallery, London.
Papacy identifys Christian Sophist.
Papacy conflates Mary Of Bethany.
Papacy conflates Sinner.
Papacy associates Luke 7: 36-49.
Papacy is the part of of Monumental Mid-15Th Century Oil-On-Panel Altarpiece.
Papacy makes Oak.
Papacy locates National Gallery, London.
Mary Magdalene is the counterpart of of Mary.
Mary desires Martha.
Mary Magdalene purchases National Gallery.
Parisian Collector sells National Gallery.
Van Der Weyden paints National Gallery.
Van Der Weyden paints Mary Magdalene.
Mary Of Bethany bases Mary Magdalene.
Catholic Tradition calls Mary Magdalene.
Dealers passs National Gallery.
North locates Dealers.
Peter De Campin reproduces Madonna.
Madonna wears Madonna'S Robe.
Madonna adorns Gold Brocade.
Madonna adorns Jewelled Hem.
Madonna paints Madonna'S Lips.
Madonna gives Transparent Look.
Madonna gives Textured Look.
Madonna creates Stripes.
Madonna creates Feathering.
Madonna sees Hues.
Madonna sees Track-Work.
Madonna sees Book.
Sideboard locates Madonna.
Chest Of Drawers locates Madonna.
Legs sees Madonna.
Box sees Madonna.
Pitcher sees Madonna.
Reliquary sees Madonna.
Door represents Madonna.
Panel describes Madonna.
Van Der Weyden is the contemporary of Jan Van Eyck.
Van Der Weyden is the belief of Campbell.
Van Der Weyden is the belief of Xiren-Shein.
Van Der Weyden is the depiction of Saint Catherine Of Alexandria.
Van Der Weyden is the connection of Joseph Of The Lisbon.
Van Der Weyden is the depiction of Saint Louis.
Van Der Weyden is the depiction of Saint John The Evangelist.
Van Der Weyden is the collection of Leo Lardus.
Van Der Weyden is the refusal of Martin Davies.
Van Der Weyden is the refusal of John Ward.
Martin Davies refuses Catherine Panel.
John Ward refuses Catherine Panel.
Van Der Weyden is the creator of Catherine Panel.
Van Der Weyden is the creator of Gulbenkian Woman.
Van Der Weyden is the creator of Saint Joseph.
Magdalen associates Christ.
Mosche Barasch is the critic of Van Der Weyden.
Van Der Weyden influences Robert Campin.
Van Der Weyden is the contemporary of of Titian.
Van Der Weyden is the contemporary of of Tintoretto.
Van Der Weyden is the contemporary of of Simon Marmion.
Edmond Beaucousin purchases Simon Marmion.
Charles Locke Eastlake purchases Simon Marmion.
Paint is the cover of Jar.
Paint is the cover of Floorboards.
Christian Langaad donates Swedish National Museum Of Fine Arts.