Charles Eaton bears London.
Charles Eaton serves Royal Air Force.
Charles Eaton participates World War I.
Charles Eaton transfers Royal Flying Corps.
Charles Eaton captures Germany.
Charles Eaton leads Australia.
Charles Eaton leads Central Australia.
Charles Eaton posts France.
Charles Eaton moves India.
Charles Eaton employs Forest Service.
Charles Eaton moves Yarra.
Charles Eaton moves Victoria.
Charles Eaton enlists Laverton.
Royal Air Force is the sent to of France.
Royal Air Force guards Eagles Of The Elephant Of Sedgeford.
Eagles Of The Elephant Of Sedgeford guards London.
Eagles Of The Elephant Of Sedgeford guards Zeppelin Aircraft.
Raaf is the expeditions of Central Australia.
Raaf is the search for of Keith Anderson.
Raaf is the search for of Bob Hitchcock.
Raaf is the search for of Charles Kingsfordsmith.
Raaf is the search for of Charles Ulm.
Raaf is the accident near of Tennant Creek.
Raaf remembers Cirrus Cloud.
Raaf burys Alice Springs.
Raaf is the search for of W.L. Pittendrigh.
Raaf is the search for of S.J. Hamre.
Raaf is the search for of Lasseter.
Raaf flys Warrigal I.
Warrigal I flys Sergeant Eric Douglas.
Raaf posts No. 1 Aircraft Depot At Laverton.
Eaton is the flew with of Sergeant Eric Douglas.
Eaton posts No. 1 Aircraft Depot.
Eaton posts Laverton.
Eaton appoints No. 21 Squadron.
Eaton searchs Prospector Sir Herbert Gepp.
Eaton involves Hawker Demon.
William Mcaloney is the pilot of of Hawker Demon.
William Mcaloney receives Albert Medal.
Darwin is the historian of Chris Coulthard.
Bill Bostock is the invasion of Hilda.
Bill Bostock is the invasion of Aitape.
Bill Bostock is the bombing of Timor.
Eaton is the position held of Melbourne.
Eaton is the position held of Dili.
Eaton is the appointment of United Nations.
Eaton is the position held of Canberra.
Eaton is the residence of Metung.
Eaton is the residence of Victoria.
Eaton is the death of Frankston.
Thierry Dubois is the rescue of Tony Bullimore.
Thierry Dubois is the rescue of Isabelle Autissier.