Elephant Caves connects Mango Cave.
Elephant Caves locates Arabian Sea.
Elephant Caves is the contains hindu caves of Hindu.
Elephant Caves is the contains buddhist caves of Buddhist.
Elephant Caves locates Madhwara.
Elephant Caves locates Maharashtra.
Elephant Caves affects Spanish Rule.
Elephants engineers Engineers.
Elephanta Cave dates 17Th Century.
Elephanta Cave is the resembles of Sky Rock.
Elephanta Cave locates Sundaman.
Elephanta Cave dedicates Monks.
Monks belongs Chalukyas.
Monks belongs Kalachuris.
Monks belongs Konkan Mauryas.
Chalukyas conquers Konkan Mauryas.
Chalukyas is the creators of main cave of Konkan Mauryas.
Elephanta Cave attributes Rastrakutas.
Elephanta Cave surrenders Portuguese.
Elephanta Cave is the also known as of Zhastrapuri.
Elephanta Cave makes Basalt.
British Empire is the dowry to of Charles.
Island haves Caves.
Caves makes Basalt.
Scribes depicts Yogisvara.
Scribes depicts Lord Of Dance.
Shiva-Sota Shrine flanks Ardhanarisvara.
Shiva-Sota Shrine flanks Gangadhara.
Gangadhara is the symbolizes of River Ganges.
Scribes depicts Kalyanasundaramurti.
Kalyanasundaramurti depicts Andhakasuramardana.
Andhakasuramardana depicts Demon.
Demon depicts Shiva.
Demon depicts Mount Kailash.
Demon depicts Ravananugraha.
Parvati haves Shiva.
Parvati is the cheats in game of dice of Shiva.
Parvati is the fond of of Shiva.
Parvati is the dislikes of Shiva.
Parvati is the hates of Shiva.
Vishnu shows Shiva.
Vishnu is the looks at of Skeleton.
Vishnu shows Tiger.
Rudra associates Shiva.
Shiva is the spouse of Parvati.
Shiva associates Vishnu.
Shiva associates Brahma.
Shiva associates Indra.
Shiva associates Vamadeva.
Shiva is the married of Parvati.
Chandra is the alliance of Shiva.
Chandra is the mother of Parvati.
Vishnu is the related of Mena.
Hands connects Right Hand.
Hands connects Third Hand.
Hands connects Left Arm.
Hands is the behind of Khatva.
Statues is the depicts of Lions.
Statues is the depicts of Shivas.
Chapel is the leads to of Cave.
Cave enshrines Mosaic.
Cave surrounds Guards.
Archway is the contains of Statues.
Archway is the contains of Shivas.
Ruins is the depicts of Shivas.
Ruins is the depicts of Crescent Crown.
Ruins holds Cobra.
Ruins holds Club.
Altar is the contains of Water Tank.
Altar misss Linga.
Columns locates Crypt.
Crypt is the contains of Tiger Statue.
Tiger Statue is the depicts of Vaghesheri.
Stone Wall is the leads to of Hoop.
Hoop is the leads to of Gate.
Shrine is the contains of Cistern.
Monuments establishs Legislation.
Monuments maintains Physical Conservation.
Rock Face stabilizes Supporting Structures.
Supporting Structures is the supports of Pillars.
Pillars displaces Cave Floor.
Cave Floor surrounds Parapet Wall.
Archaeological Survey Of India is the administers of Aurangabad Circle.
Visitors' Facilities upgrades Toilet.
Visitors' Facilities upgrades Railing.
Visitors' Facilities upgrades Walkways.
Visitors' Facilities upgrades Staircase.
Jetty is the leads to of Caves.
Jetty is the leads to of Museum.
Museum formulates Conservation Plan.
Elephanta Island manages Archaeological Society Of India.
Elephanta Island governs Antiquities And Art Treasures Act Of 1972.
Elephanta Island includes Sworn Declaration Of 1985.
Elephanta Island haves Visitor Facilities.
Elephanta Island haves Museum.
Elephanta Island haves Conservation Plan.
Indian National Trust For The Arts And Cultures involves Indian National Trust.
Indian National Trust For The Arts And Cultures publishs Unesco.
Indian National Trust For The Arts And Cultures publishs Intach.
Indian National Trust For The Arts And Cultures publishs Government Of India.