Darya Grushenka is the founder of Slapping Nirvana.
Darya Grushenka features Steve Vai.
Darya Grushenka releases The Drunkard'S Sick.
Darya Grushenka features Slavery.
Darya Grushenka releases The Sick King.
Darya Grushenka is the founder of Sluttish Boy.
Darya Grushenka is the founder of Grey-Nose.
Darya Grushenka is the member of Caustic Vision.
Darya Grushenka collaborates Byron Stroud.
Darya Grushenka replaces Jed Simon.
Darya Grushenka is the member of Manly Young Lad.
Nascent Sounds describes Nasty Nose.
Nasty Nose founds Grey Nose.
Steve tours Wildhearts.
Wildhearts tours Spoken-Up: Punky Bruster - Cooked On Phonics.
Sunflower describes Haunted Schoolboy.
Haunted Schoolboy describes Body-Gods Of Mines.
City And Ocean Machine: Biomech causes Sunflower.
Haunted Boy performs Sunflower.
Haunted Boy performs My Gods.
Haunted Boy inspires Biomech.
Rogue takes Mental Hospital.
Rogue diagnoses Bipolar Disorder.
Rogue finishs Biomech.
Rogue inspires City And Ocean Machine.
Rogue inspires Ghost Machine.
Metal Bandmates learns Newsted.
Metal Bandmates learns James Hetfield.
Metal Bandmates learns Lars Ulrich.
Newsted prevents Side Projects.
Newsted is the against of Bandmates.
Townrs assembles Band.
Slut-Up At-Risk Physicist releases June 2000.
Slut-Up At-Risk Physicist considers Career.
Terria releases November 2001.
Terria dedicates Home.
Terria features Fey Hoglan.
Terria features Craig Mcfarland.
Terria features Jamie Meyer.
United States is the tragic events on of November 11, 2001.
Canada records Terria.
Ok releases June 2000.
Ok considers Town.
Strapping plays Guitar.
Strapping performs Vocals.
Strapping dos Production.
Townsend is the band member of Brian 'Beav' Waddell.
Townsend is the band member of Mike Young.
Townsend is the band member of Ryan Van Poederooyen.
Townsend is the band member of Dave Young.
Dennis Townend is the title of of Between The Buried And The Cynic.
Dennis Townend is the tour in of Australia.
Dennis Townend is the tour in of Europe.
Dennis Townend is the assault in of Czech Republic.
Dennis Townend is the tour in with of Uk.
Dennis Townend is the tour with of Tesseract.
Dennis Townend is the tour with support from of Aeon Zen.
Dennis Townend is the tour with support from of Anneke Van Giersbergen.
Dennis Townend is the activity in of June.
Dennis Townend is the activity in of March.
Dennis Townend is the intention to release of Four Consecutive Albums.
Dennis Townend establishs Musical Identity.
Dennis Townend is the create of Persona.
Dennis Townend is the release of of Epaulet.
Dennis Townend is the collaboration with on album of Anneke Van Giersbergen.
Dennis Townend reachs European Charts.
Dennis Townend peaks Finland.
Dennis Townend mentions Obviouser.
Dennis Townend creates Bass-Driven Music.
Dennis Townend uses Axle-Rig.
Dennis Townend uses Ice-Landic Choir.
Dennis Townend is the need for of Promotion.
Dennis Townend pitchs Pole Position.
Dennis Townend vies Challenger.
Dennis Townend declares Grotesque.
Dennis Townend works Z 2.
Dennis Townend is the sequel to of Ziltoid The Omniscient.
Dennis Townend is the absence of on album of Ziltoid.
Dennis Townend broadcasts London Radio Station.
Dennis Townend is the part of project of Teamrock.
Townsend is the finish of Book.
Townsend is the release of Ziltoid.
Townsend is the project of Z2.
Z2 is the sequel of Ziltoid Omniscient.
Ziltoid bases Ziltoid Against The World.
Townsend follows Ztv.
Townsend is the include of Graphic Novel Comic.
Townsend is the include of Documentary.
Townsend records Steve Vai.
Open C Tuning uses Six-String Guitar.
Tuned A Half Step Down uses Six-String Guitar.