Coldrum Long Barrow is the location of Trottiscliffe.
Coldrum Long Barrow is the location of Kent.
Coldrum Long Barrow is the builders of Pastoralists.
Coldrum Long Barrow associates Agriculture.
Coldrum Long Barrow is the location of Britain.
Coldrum Long Barrow is the origin of Europe.
Coldrum Long Barrow is the influence of Meuse River.
Coldrum Long Barrow is the local variant of of Great Megalith.
Archaeologists is the study of Coldrum Long Barrow.
Coldrum Long Barrow deposits Human Remains.
Coldrum Long Barrow dates Neolithic Period.
Coldrum Long Barrow is the type of of Barrows.
Coldrum Long Barrow is the construction material of Sarsen Megaliths.
Coldrum Long Barrow is the enclosure material of Kerb Stones.
Coldrum Long Barrow contains Stone Chamber.
King'S House locates Philippines.
Monument is the part of of Sarsen Stone Chamber.
Monument is the part of of Mound.
Monument is the part of of Stone Facade.
Barrow is the part of of Monument.
Timber Plank is the part of of Sarsen Stone Chamber.
Flint Masonry is the supports of Sarsen Stone Chamber.
Flint Masonry packs Sarsen Stone Chamber.
Kerb-Yard-Stones is the surrounds of Monument.
Dry Stone Wall constructs Kerb-Yard-Stones.
Ironstones is the material used for of Dry Stone Wall.
Coldrum Stones locates Chambered Tomb.
Coldrum Stones locates Earthen Mound.
Coldrum Barrow starts Neolithic Activity.
Neolithic Activity involves Human Remains.
Human Remains analyzes Bones.
Bones analyzes Crania.
Forensic Experts analyzes Bones.
Forensic Experts examines Skeleton.
Skeleton removes Bones.
Forensic Experts creates Marks.
Skeleton is the largest in of Sarsen Skeleton.
Archaeologist Paul Ashbee describes Coldrum Stones.
Coldrum Stones surrounds Kerb Stones.
Christians is the destroyed monuments in of Kent.
Commissioner warns Chestnuts.
Chestnuts is the require resources beyond of Kent.
Archaeologist Paul Ashbee deposits Loamy Chalk.
Loamy Chalk uses Stone.
Hoofers mentions Clubhurlers.
Clubhurlers locates Three Circles.
P. Menefee suggests Megaliths.
Skeleton finds Skulls.
Reverend Prince Noble is the rector of of Barming.
Reverend Prince Noble is the prepared plan for of Gentleman'S Magazine.
Reverend Beale Post is the described of Skeleton.
Thomas Wright writes Archaeological Journal.
P. Menefee suggests Megaliths.
Charles Rochford Smith is the found of Anglo-Saxon Pottery.
Charles Rochford Smith is the guide of Adscombe Stones.
J. Kemble reports British Archaeological Association.
J. Kemble excavates Reverend Larking.
Archaeological Institute Of Rochester visits Charles Rochford Smith.
George Payne arranges Ancient Monuments Act 1882.
George Payne convinces Major A. Green.
George Payne engages Augustus Pitt.