December 8, 1994 is the eminent cyclone of United States.
December 8, 1994 is the eminent cyclone of Atlantic Canada.
Gulf Of Mexico is the cyclone origin of Florida.
Florida is the cyclone path of Atlantic Ocean.
Atlantic Ocean is the cyclone impact of New York.
Atlantic Ocean is the cyclone impact of New England.
National Hurricane Center (Nhc) is the cyclone recognition of United States.
Nor’Easter makes New York.
Nor’Easter passs Southern New York.
Nor’Easter reachs Barometric Pressure.
Nor’Easter is the not of Tropical Storm.
Storm occurs Virginia Beach.
Dunes locates Virginia Beach.
Roads is the affected of Virginia Beach.
North Carolina Highway closes Virginia Beach.
Quake occurs Virginia Beach.
Sand House locates Virginia Beach.
Dead People finds Virginia Beach.
Tree is the cause of Storm.
Storm occurs Southern Newhampshire.
Storm accompanys Rain.
Storm accompanys Flooding.
Flooding is the affected of Tributaries.
Flooding is the on of Ice.
Ice is the on of Banks.
Storm passs Long Island Sound.
Long Island Sound is the near of Port-Jefferson.
Barge crosss Long Island Sound.
Barge is the crashed of Port-Jefferson.
Storm is the affected of Milford.
Storm accompanys Rain.
Storm accompanys Flooding.
Flooding is the affected of Tributaries.
Flooding is the on of Ice.
Ice is the on of Banks.
Storm passs Long Island Sound.
Long Island Sound is the near of Port-Jefferson.
Man resides Milford.
Tree fells Man.
Man is the ran to of Family'S Yard.
Nantucket reports Gusts.
Nantucket is the disturbed of Power.
Nantucket is the out for of Power.
Wind causes House Fire.
Wind sets North Attleboro.
Wind causes Damage.
Damage blows Trees.
Damage blows Signs.
Damage blows Billboards.
Wind erupts House Fire.
House Fire is the in of North Attleboro.
House Fire connects North Attleboro.
House Fire haves North Attleboro.
House Fire is the deaths of North Attleboro.
Storm is the struck of House.
House bes Flattened.
House bes Blown_Down.
Damage blows Trees.
Damage blows Signs.
Damage blows Posters.