Sholay directs Ramesh Sippy.
Sholay produces G.P. Sippy.
Sanjeev Kumar acts Sholay.
Amjad Khan acts Sholay.
Dharmendra acts Sholay.
Amitabh Bachchan acts Sholay.
Thakur Baldev Singh arrests Rogues.
Rogues convicts Gania.
Rogues bails Jai.
Thakur Baldev Singh summons Rogues.
Amjad Khan inspires Gabbar Singh.
Pran prefers Sanjeev Kumar.
Sanjeev Kumar is the role played by of Veeru.
Sanjeev Kumar is the love interest of Hema Malini.
Malini is the love of Hema Malini.
Pran plays Thakur Baldev Singh.
Pran favors Sanjeev Kumar.
Sanjeev Kumar plays Veeru.
Sanjeev Kumar wants Hema Malini.
Pran is the love of Sanjeev Kumar.
Chambalohan siblings Jayas.
Bhaduri directs Malini.
Bhaduri mentions Koushik Banerjea.
Gabbar Singh is the enemy of Jai.
Sholay produces Eros International.
Sholay mentions Professor Koushik Banerjea.
Professor Koushik Banerjea affiliates London School Of Economics.
Sholay mentions William Van Der Heide.
Sholay mentions Ziauddin Sardar.
Sholay is the lyrics written by of Anand Bakshi.
Sholay appears Basanti.
Basanti saves Vivek.
Sholay adapts Demis Roussos.
Sholay is the song remixed by of Shankar Mahadevan.
Sholay is the song remixed by of Udit Narayan.
Sholay is the song sung by of Barack Obama.
Burman composes Hajji Takhai.
Anandbakshi writes Hajji Takhai.
Basanti forces Hajji Takhai.
Vivek is the to save life of Hajji Takhai.
Shankar Maadevan is the sung of Hajji Takhai.
Barack Obama is the sung of Hajji Takhai.
Kolyas is the sung of Hajji Takhai.
Kolyas is the sung in of Fight.
Sholay is the character of Gabarsan.
Sholay is the award winner of Amjad Khan.
Sholay is the award winner of Dwarka Divecha.
Sholay is the award winner of Ram Yedekar.
Gabarsan is the actor of Kulbhushan Kharbanda.
Gabarsan is the actor of Amrish Puri.
Sholay broadcasts India.
Sholay broadcasts National Television.
Sholay relates Mobilewin.
Sholay relates Sholay-Game.
Sholay is the rerun of Sholay Ramadhan.
Sholay is the rerun of Shahyatri.
Sholay is the rerun of Shree Rashmi.
Sippy is the conversion to 3d of Sholay.
Frank Foster is the digital reshaping of Sholay.