Lose (Let It Go) is the artist of Nelly Furtado.
Lose (Let It Go) is the record label of Geffen.
Lose (Let It Go) is the record label of Mosley Music Group.
Nelly Furtado is the previous album of Folklore.
Folklore is the record label of Dreamworks Records.
Dreamworks Records is the acquisition of Universal Music Group.
Universal Music Group is the merger of Geffen A And M.
Geffen A And M releases Nelly Furtado.
Lose (Let It Go) includes Te Busque.
Te Busque is the features artist of Juanes.
Nelly Furtado collaborates Pharrell.
Nelly Furtado collaborates Scott Storch.
Nelly Furtado collaborates Timbaland.
Nelle Hooper is the composer of Te Busque.
The Plague is the features artist of Emi.
Nelly Furtado is the producer of Timbaland.
Nelly Furtado is the collaborator of Band.
Nelly Furtado is the influence of Abiting Orchestra.
Nelly Furtado is the influence of Berlin Manifesto.
Nelly Furtado is the inspiration of Tlc.
Nelly Furtado is the inspiration of Mc Lyte.
Nelly Furtado is the inspiration of Queen Latifah.
Nelly Furtado is the inspiration of Janet Jackson.
Furtado produces Timbaland.
Furtado produces Danjin.
Furtado is the co-wrote of Attitude.
Furtado features Juanes.
Furtado features Calle 13.
Nelly Furtado is the collaborator of Timbaland.
Nelly Furtado reviews Allmusic.
Nelly Furtado reviews Kelefa Sanneh.
Nelly Furtado features Maclean'S Magazine.
Madonna compares Nelly Furtado.
Emily Haines compares Nelly Furtado.
Timbaland attributes Glenn Rune Gallefoss.
Timbaland attributes Janne Tempest.
Hannu Sormunen represents Nelly Furtado.
Sander Puri transfers St. Mirren.
Ryan Bowman transfers Hereford United.
Richard Cresswell transfers Sheffield United.
Wes Fletcher transfers Tavern.
Ryan Jarvis transfers Torquay.
Chris Kettings loans Blackpool.
Ben Davies loans Preston.
Lewis Montrose transfers Gillingham.
Craig Clay transfers Chesterfield.
Elliott Whitehouse signs Sheffield United.
Luke O'Neill signs Burnley.
Kevan Hurst is the scored goal for of Southend United.
Luke Prosser is the scored goal for of Southend United.
Téna Obadeyi is the scored goal for of Plymouth Argyle.
Michael Coulson is the scored goal for of York.
Aaron Mccarey recalls Wolverhampton Wanderers.
York is the match of Dagenham And Redbridge.
Dagenham And Redbridge scores Bowman.
Dagenham And Redbridge scores Fletcher.
Dagenham And Redbridge scores Michael Coulson.
York signs Russell Penn.
York resigns Lowe.
Lowe resigns Cheltenham.
York is the beat of Plymouth.
Plymouth scores Fletcher.
Plymouth scores Mccombe.
Plymouth scores Carson.
York signs Calvin Andrew.
York is the left of Smith.
York signs Will Hayhurst.
York scores Matty Blair.
Matty Blair assists Antoni Sarcevic.
York scores Brobbel.
York scores Andrew.
York finishs Seventh Place.
York places Fourth Place.
York participates League.
York loses Fleetwood.
Fleetwood plays Bootham Crescent.
Matty Blair is the former player of of York.
Matty Blair scores Goal.
Antoni Sarcevic assists Goal.
Fleetwood eliminates York.
Oyebanjo is the won of Clubman Of The Year.
Isobel is the won of April.